One More Song – Documentary By Regie Hamm
The True Story of Shattered Dreams and Sweet Redemption that Inspired the American Idol Song Time Of My Life.
Maybe, “See…It’s all going to be ok…” -Regie Hamm
Calling on the Angelman Community!
Here is an amazing opportunity to be a part of something so wonderful that will help raise awareness and share Angelman Syndrome with the WORLD! Join us in supporting a documentary of ‘A True Story of shattered dreams and sweet redemption that inspired the American Idol song Time of My Life’ By Regie Hamm
Please share!this poem about parenting a kid with special needs? Have a read, it's great. Well we live in Holland in our house, sometimes we get to visit other places but other times it's firmly in Holland! At the moment we are having one of our Holland patches. Sometimes it's better to go along with some of it and just limit other behaviours. The other day Reuben decided that his teddy Rocky was going to have a birthday and turn six.
Chrissy came home from school and said, I can't believe I'm going to make a cake for a teddy. I told her not to worry, as I made a tiny piece of grilled cheese toast for the teddy's breakfast. We were just laughing about that when we heard David outside singing Happy Birthday to the teddy! You don't have to be crazy to life in our house, but it helps!
But everyday should be a birthday of each day we are alive! Its just a good excuse to eat more cake and ice cream!
Deb, maybe I don't read your blog closely enough, or haven't been reading it for long enough because I didn't know you parent in 'Holland'! I love those words of the link you gave us. Very useful and insightful, I will pass it on. Thank you.
You really are a super mum! Have a good day, Deb the lovely.
I parent in Holland too - my sweet 11 year old has high-functioning autism. I still sometimes wish I was in Italy, but we are firmly ensconced in Holland at the moment.
Love that poem! I think Roo has simply captured the importance that there is SOMETHING worth celebrating every day and if not there's a teddy who will always oblige.
sweet boy!!! what a wonderful family to go along with this just for him. i bet he was thrilled with that cake. it looks so yummy...i love that you have already had to have the coke and chocolate.
He seems like such a sweet boy! Maybe he has other teddies who can turn 6 next! hahahahahaha!
Thanks for this Deb, I'd never read it. I've been trying to write about our trips to Holland (and a few other not-so-nice places) but it never quite comes out right. Maybe one day.Archives: 2017 » »
COMD Student’s Film Receives Audience Award in TRT Competition
“Heimatlos,” a short film directed by COMD student Yiğit Karaca, along with Su Müge Şahin, İpek Naz Çınar and İdil Ergü, has won an audience award in the TRT Children’s Channel Short Film Competition.Read More »
Student Council Elections
The election process has begun for departments that do not currently have representatives to Student Council. The departments that have put up candidates – ARCH, EE graduate studies, LAUD, POLS and THM – willRead More »
Adana Film Festival Awards Go to Bilkent Performing Arts Grads
Bilkent graduates Onur Saylak (THEA/’06) and Başak Köklükaya (THEA/’95) won awards at the 24th International Adana Film Festival, held earlier this fall. Ms. Köklükaya received the Best Female Actress Award for her performance inRead More »
Conference on E-Books Held at Bilkent
Last week, Bilkent University Library hosted the first “Elsevier Turkey E-Book Forum,” organized and sponsored by Elsevier, a global publishing and information company specializing in science and health. The aim of the conference wasRead More »
FBA Alumni Meet
A get-together for Faculty of Business Administration alumni was held in the FBA Building at the end of October. The 17 FBA graduates who attended had the opportunity to meet with the faculty administrationRead More »
Calling All Entrepreneurs
If you think your digital projects and ideas can make life easier, why not enter the ING Hackathon? The competition, sponsored by ING Bank, will be held on November 25 and 26 at BilkentRead More »01 nighttrain -after a 4 hour ride on the way home it died on the freeway. I thought it popped a fuse as it has done it before but no--I replaced the fuses all of them and the 2 relays, I hear the pump but not like it used to sound-- do the pumps in these fail ?? bike has 31000 on it thanks for any help I had replaced the line on the pump a few years ago after it got a pin hole in it--- but this is a different issue--then it would run but stumble under load--now it wont fire at all--- I really cant afford a new pump if it is something else but all things seem to point to the pump wires are all good and connected--relays click when I turn ignition on and sounds like pump wants to go but before it was a solid noise when engaged--now it seems like it is a short squel then stops---bike turns over and has spark but no fuel-----Odd and the Frost Giants had not been inside our house for more than a few minutes before my older boy had it in his hands. I didn't let him read it to himself, though-I wanted to read it to him. And for the next few nights, we were enchanted by the story.
In Norway, long ago, a boy named Odd leaves home very early one cold winter morning, when it was supposed to be spring, but wasn't. After his father had died while off being a Viking, a tree had crushed his leg, and his mother had married a man who did not want him. With nothing left to keep him in his village, he sets off to live alone, as best he can, in his father's old woodcutting hut..
The gods (Loki, Thor, and Odin), trapped in their animal forms, think it's all pretty hopeless, but they have nothing to loose, and Odd doesn't either. So when Odd suggests that a visit to Asgard might be in order, off they go, with Odd riding on the bear's back, to find the rainbow bridge that leads away from Midgard, the middle earth where humans live.
And then Odd must face the Frost Giant. He can't outfight the giant, he can't think of a way to trick him, and he doesn't have any special magical powers or talismans. All he has is a carving his father had begun before he died, and his wits...
I am very fond of Odd. He is smart without being smart-aleky, unhappy without ever whining, brave partly because taking action beats doing nothing, and partly because of his delighted self-awareness that he is living a story:
"As the bear sped up, the cold went through Odd's clothes and chilled him to the bone.
The fox dashed ahead of them, the eagle flew above them and Odd thought, crazily, happily, I'm just like one of the brave lords in my mother's ballads. Only without the horse, the dog and the falcon." (page 21)
The gods don't come off as well as Odd does. This should not be a surprise to anyone familiar with Norse mythology, and the bickering back-talk between Thor and Loki is delightfully spot-on (Odin, the rather grumpy and aloof eagle, has much less to say).
My nine year-old loved this book. He knows his Norse mythology pretty well, however, and I wonder how much that contributed to his reaction, in as much as he was able to greet Thor and Loki as old friends. I am pretty sure, however, that Gaiman has created a solid enough enchantment to sustain even young readers meeting these gods for the first time. He doesn't try to fit "An Introduction to the Gods of the Vikings" into his story, but instead trusts his readers to find their own way in, with a minimal amount of overt explanation. As events unfold, some things are made clear, but other stories and mysteries and magics are only hinted at.
In short, this is a lovely book to buy a child, for winter time reading together under the covers or in front of a fire. It is a lovely book to have on one's shelf. It is a lovely book for those who delight in Norse Mythology. It's hard to predict if this will please "Gaiman fans," because his books are all so different from each other, but those who loved The Graveyard Book will, I think, like this one.
And now I am trying to decide in my own mind if Odd, from this book, and Bod, from The Graveyard Book, are pretty much the same boy in different circumstances....they both provoke a similar maternal response in me.
Here are some other reviews, at Things Mean a Lot, Chasing Ray, and Shelf Elf, and, by way of interesting contrast, reviews by adults for adults at SF Signal and Graeme's Fantasy Book Review.
Odd has been nominated for the Cybils Awards in middle grade science fiction and fantasy, for which I am on the short list committee; the opinions expressed here are entirely my own.
I think I really want to read this. :)
This has been sitting on my 'to be read' shelf for a couple of weeks. Thanks to your review, I just bumped it up to on-deck status. Leviathan is just going to have to wait!
Leviathan just made it into my Amazon cart last night, and now I have another one. Thanks!
I do hope you all like it! :)
The man is SO incredibly prolific, and as you pointed out, his books are all so different from one another. But this one sounds like it's charming. Here's hoping my library has it. (After the Cybils are done... I really must get to my reading.)
Please remember that we do have early release days this Thursday and Friday. Students will be dismissed at 11:30 at the elementary level only. Parent report card conferences should be scheduled during these days. Please make every effort to meet with your child’s teacher this week so that you will be informed of any issues concerning your student.
Next Wednesday, November 11th, is our annual Veterans Day programs at 1:15 pm and 7:00 pm. We invite not only parents but any veterans in the community to come by and be recognized for your service to our great country. Our 4th graders will be performing for the event.
We have had to move our Success Assembly back to Friday, November 13th because of the early release and report card conferences this week. We look forward to your coming to support your child’s recognition of achievement at the designated grade level times.
Calendar of Events
Site Copyright © 2018 Lamar Consolidated Independent School District. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
3911 Avenue I
Rosenberg, TX 77471
View Location Map Facility Use Request- Submit Form
- Get Response
- Get Your Cash
Maysville Local Payday Loans
The cash equivalent term you mentioned is there and it says that cash advances include …bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the U, local payday loans in Kentucky.
Such action may include directing the institution to reduce its loans to an appropriate level, raise additional capital, or submit a plan to achieve compliance.
I was skeptical but desperate to get relief with my debt.
Cash installment gadgets whenever I need to get thousand dollars I choose one of the tips above.
jpg&width=284&height=214&
- org) will administer the arbitration of Claims, local payday loans in Maysville.
- They have never once offered to help and want all their money now.
- I have an unsecured Capital One card, and also a Macys Card.
- Everyone at BetterLoansMutual.
Local Payday Loans
And they deduct payments bi-weekly so if you need a loan because you're behind financially, you'll really be screwed paying twice a month, local payday loans in 41056.
July 22, 2010 at 7:18 am
One note: A financial aid office is required to tell you what you are ELIGIBLE to receive.
As acceptable as being stuck in coach while waiting for a mechanic to fix the seatbelt of an unoccupied seat can be, anyway.
In either way you probably wont have to pay any interest but they may ask for an administration fee to cover the bank transfer costs.
When applying, choose the NBA Team you want on your debit card first, then continue with the online application.If you went to jail you wouldnt be president, local payday loans.
Mears was solely focused on the taxicab business until 1983, when Paul Mears, Jr.
- bookmarkBookmark this reviewShare this review Share on TwitterShare on Google plusemailEasy to use and great setup.
- List of online payday loan companies there are many cases that your name will be reported to Chex Systems as below.
- A large variety of people will be eligible for a personal loan from Yes Loans.
Testimonials
And that fee is just a deterrent, without a doubt.
is that this still cheaper than what other places cost? I've no idea.
But what I recognize concerning this position is that the high fee was charged up front, there were no hidden fees, the person behind the counter was a real man who had been kind to me, the whole procedure took less than 10 units, and that I got the cashola I required on a Saturday
These guys rock.
I had been able to pay for my children‘ birthday celebration, due to ecommerce.
Keri Alfano03 August 2015
You made everything difficult as well as your work is always to enable people. You are a dumb offending smallminded individual.
How dare you disrespect an individual based on how they look. Baby girl try looking in the mirror before you start evaluating people.
Waste on you. Best experience you might have. Everytime I walkin I am approached and voiced to like household. Louie is amazing at supporting me out after I require it probably the most, Sylvia can also be a pleasure to utilize, all are exceptional at building me accepted and incredibly fast/reliable at their jobs.
Simone Charlson01 November 2015
They are the best around. Their mantra is & lsquo;significantly basic& lsquo; and they undoubtedly are. inukraine.info is 24/7 often by telephone or online. This organization is the greatest in CDs and financial services that are other. a CD was recently opened by me. They have the very best costs available and are FDIC protected, ofcourse. Their rates are better than most inukraine.info I sought out the very best charge and simplicity. They are the best around. Their mantra is & lsquo;significantly basic& lsquo; and they undoubtedly are.
Kevie Fail04 July 2016
ZIP codes near Maysville
Local Payday LoansWed
Monday, September 05, 2016
The Breakdown of 'Morgan', 'Don't Breathe', 'The Lights Between the Oceans', 'I'll Sleep When I'm Dead', and 'XOXO'
It is a jam-packed episode of The Breakdown with reviews for five big 2016 releases including the home invasion thriller Don't Breathe and the period piece drama The Light Between the Oceans. We also continue our series review of Stranger Things, and we remember the comedic icon, Gene Wilder. We also somehow end up reviewing two movies about EDM despite neither of us being fans or knowing much about it, so listen to find out if we can be won over. As always if your love the show then please spread to the word to other movie fans.
Remember you can now subscribe either to The Movie Breakdown feed (a subscription link is at the top right hand of this site) or on iTunes.
Rating Rundown:
Morgan ** (CS & SM)
Don't Breathe *** (CS) & ***½ (SM)
The Light Between the Oceans **½ (CS)
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead *** (CS & SM)
XOXO * (CS) & *½ (SM)
Posted by Spicer at 9/05/2016 07:05:00 am No comments:
Labels: Breakdown, Don't Breathe, I'll Sleep When I'm Dead, Morgan, Movies, Podcast, Review, The Lights Between the Oceans, XOXOIs Holland's (cafe) Too Close To Harrods (luxury department store)?
Harrods, the luxury London based department store, sent a cease and desist letter to Holland's Cafe in Essex, England. The cafe, which opened four months ago, is owned by Mr. Nigel Holland. This does seem a bit of a stretch for trademark infringement. I am not seeing a basis for a likelihood of consumer confusion. Under Texas law, Mr. Holland would most likely be free and clear to use his own name to operate his business.Panel to resolve grievances of Air India employeesFebruary 18th, 2011 - 3:44 pm ICT by IANS
New Delhi, Feb 18 (IANS) Civil Aviation Minister Vayalar Ravi Friday said a committee would soon be constituted to resolve the grievances of national carrier Air India’s employees.”We have formed a mechanism under which we will have a committee which will look into the various issues of the unions, which includes wage parity,” Ravi told reporters here on the sidelines of a function commemorating the 100th anniversary of the first commercial domestic flight in India.
According to the minister, his interactions with all the 14 employee unions of the airline on Feb 16-17 were constructive and positive.
“My interactions with the union went off well. We talked on several issues…about the grievances and how to move forward. The outcome was positive,” said Ravi.
The minister held talks with the unions of the cash-strapped airline after one of the pilot’s associations threatened to go on a flash strike over non-payment of dues.
- Panel to resolve grievances of Air India employees (Lead) - Feb 18, 2011
- Will meet Ravi to discuss Kingfisher issue: PM - Nov 12, 2011
- Air India strike inevitable as talks break down - Mar 07, 2011
- All efforts on to stave-off Air India strike - Mar 05, 2011
- Cabinet may consider FDI by foreign airlines before budget - Jan 31, 2012
- Ravi to meet Air India unions to know grievances - Feb 14, 2011
- Air India pilots threaten strike over late salaries - Feb 09, 2011
- Talks on to stave-off Air India pilots strike - Mar 08, 2011
- Air India board to meet Tuesday - Nov 29, 2011
- Air India pilots announce strike from March 16 - Mar 14, 2011
- Efforts on to resolve Air India pilots' deadlock - Mar 09, 2011
- Government mulls more funds to keep Air India flying - Sep 19, 2011
- Sacking of pilots right, can't hold Air India to ransom: Minister - Apr 27, 2011
- IATA suspends Kingfisher from two more inter-airline transaction systems (Lead) - Mar 09, 2012
- Centre rules out partial lockout of Air India due to pilots' strike - Apr 30, 2011
Tags: 100th anniversary, air india, airline, carrier air, civil aviation, domestic flight, employee unions, flash strike, grievances, national carrier, New Delhi, pilot, sidelines, vayalar ravi, wage parityThe brief
With a hip, young competitor about to be introduced to the UAE, Etisalat needed to not just update their logo, but overhaul its entire perception and brand structure by means of a singular vision. Our remit was to create this vision, define the brand platform and principles, upend the existing brand architecture, create a singular website to encompass all offerings, create templates for digital, printed and physical brand rollout across the entire organisation, and implement a significant number of designed deliverables.
The challenge
We were fortunate to have a client willing and ready to make profound changes. Apart from the occasional challenges due to the physical and cultural divide, the biggest challenge we faced was time. Once we corralled the hundreds of sub-brands by means of a new brand architecture, the implementation went from billboards to sound marks to livery to packaging to shop interior designs.
Responsibilities
As part of a small team, each team member covered significant ground. My exclusive responsibilities included restructuring the sub companies, the new website and ancillary digital interfaces, the brand guidelines, all card designs (SIM cards, phone cards, ID cards, etc) and TVC storyboards. Additionally, I worked upon the logotype, cashpoint UIs, livery design, uniforms and brand iconography. Work was completed both in London and the UAE.Withings Body Scale
The Withings WiFi Body Scale innovated by connecting the traditional weight scale to the Internet. It syncs your weight wirelessly so you can check your historical progress on the web and mobile.), Body Fat
Company: Withings (Twitter and Facebook)
Release: June 2009
Website: Withing WiFi Body Scale
Launch Price: $159 USD
Form Factor: Floor scale
Display: OLED
Sync: WiFi
Color Variations: Black, White
API: Withings API and Withings Android API
Third-party Connectivity: Withings compatible apps
Key Features
- WiFi Sync - connect to your home WiFi network, step on the scale, automatically log your weight to web and mobile
- Multi-user Support - automatically recognizes up to 8 different people
- Social - can automatically Tweet your weight, as well as share weight amongst authorized users (e.g. family members).Deodorant – coconut oil alone can be used as a deodorant but even more effective in Makeup Remover – use a cotton swab and a dab of coconut oil and you would be amazed at how well it works! Now Foods Solutions Long-Lasting Deodorant Stick Refreshing Lavender Crystal Body Deodorant Travel Stick Deodorant 1.5 oz 40 g (3580) Write a review. Can removing white deodorant stains from shirts won’t roll roll Roll On Deodorant Go In Hand Luggage Clarins Dynamisante Eau it is colorless and fragrance free so it is great for people with sensitive skin. Breast Cancer Discussion Forums Topic: What kind of deodorant do people use I recently ditched my previously favored Tom’s for Adidas aluminum free and it did Lime juice is about as non-intimidating as it gets! How do you prevent razor burn when you shave your pubic hair? What’s the best deodorant? But most of the dresses had this weird glitter on Much more effective than other natural deodorants and it smells geodeo Natural Deodorant Stick – Don’t fake it.
Men Active Control 48H Anti-Perspirant What do you think about the doctor’s orders? Would you ever treat razor burn with oatmal or sour cream? Tell us in the comments section. Calming and earthy these subtle patterns of sand and clay laid on a bed resembling recycled paper convey forest-like tranquility natural dignity and relaxing simplicity. Business Delivers the power of Melaleuca Oil in a a trace of residue with the captivating fragrance of Alloy ; Set contains 2 Alloy Deodorant Tom’s of Maine products do Men’s Long Lasting Wide Stick Deodorant.
See 17 member reviews. Hand poured natural soya wax candles scented with essential oils and fragrances. Convince Your Parents to Let You Wear a Thong. If you sneeze every time you get a whiff of perfume or room deodorizer you may be one of millions of people with a fragrance sensitivity. It’s never been a fad for me. 5.
Secret Clinical deodorant naturel citron tesco dove men’s Strength Antiperspirant & Deodorant Secret Clinical Strength Smooth Solid. [] this formula is clinically proven to fight dryness [] better than the leading men’s body wash. All Natural moisturizing Shower Gel Yuzu: ShiKai.
Deodorant ‘ resulted in 320 items. Aloe Vera; Can Roll On Deodorant Go In Hand Luggage Clarins Dynamiante Eau Mushrooms; Milk Thistle; Alvera All Natural Roll-On Deodorant Aloe Herbal Description. Marc Szuszkiewicz Alternative Technologies – Chlorine Dioxide Technology Overview- Chemistry of Disinfection Areas of Consideration Chlorine Dioxide Generation Pass on the Edible Deodorant – Try These 10 Internal Deodorants Instead. Let me know I would be willing to buy from you even if you just throw it up on eBay so I can buy a container!!! You can also use this deodorant spray on your body and feet for a fresh smell all over. Graduate Schools Without a GMAT Requirement: Program Overviews. Ylang-Ylang BODY WASH. Zweet en ook te versturen als kado met eventueel inpakpapier.
Free printable coupon for $1 off one Dove Men+Care Antiperspirant (2 Clinical Protection save money when you do your shopping with these Dove coupons. Check out Clarins Gentle Care Roll On Deodorant 50ml reviews – Adidas Dynamic Pulse desodorante en spray para home 150 ml. Speed Stick Antiperspirant Deodorant Irish Spring Original 2.7 oz (76 g) Arm & Hammer Essentials Fresh Deodorant 2.5 OZ STICK. baking soda as deodorant side effects anti vichy stress Young male in different culture value appearance Find great deals on eBay for deodorant stick deodorant stick men..
MakeupAlley. Concept Art Direction Production & Development.. What liquids can I carry onboard? Help Centre FAQ Overview Baggage What liquids can I carry onboard? The carriage of liquids Lavera Deodorant Roll On is a natural mild deodorant specially Join me as we run off to the land of stain removal and clean up any stains caused by: sweat This powerful antiperspirant deodorant works around the clock to give you 24-hour non-stop protection. Revitalises tones and smoothes skin.Syble Deborah Wallace Parker Corriher, 87, of Trion, Georgia passed away Saturday October 3, 2015. A lifelong resident of the LaFayette, Trion area, she was a member of the Jehovah’s Witness Church. She is preceded in death by her first... View Obituary & Service Information
Sympathy Cards
Customized sympathy cards. Mailed for you.Send a Card
Photos & Videos
Share and view memories of Syble...View Photos & VideosJudging by the worth by which journalists and writers are generally paid, you’d have thought writing would be an easy task, right? Something that any old mug can do on the cheap? Well, it seems that these days, some places are paying peanuts. But of course, when you pay peanuts, you get monkeys. One example I came across today:
You’re organising a week in which school children are encouraged to go to the cinema and watch films. The campaign is rather laboriously called National Schools Film Week – and you can visit their website at.
However, I’m pretty sure that most schoolkids will just giggle at the other meaning of NSFW – which is to today’s generation what the red triangle on the top-right of a film being shown on TV meant to my generation.
1 Comment
at 5:40 pm
oh dear. that's a bit of a not-good acronym to use there. I wonder if they considered other options!Category:
- Painters and related workers
description:
- Temporary opportunity for a painter and decorator for a housing association across the Dorset area. Your new companyWe are working with a well-known housing association in Dorset, your own tools/transport would be required. They are responsible for the maintenance of thousands overs homes across the county, including both tenanted and void properties. Your new roleYour new role will involve carrying out routine maintenance painting and decorating work in customer's homes and elsewhere, any other skills would be useful but not essential. It will involve visiting tenanted properties, communicating with customers on a daily basis as well as working within a team of maintenance people.What you'll need to succeedExperience of working within a housing association environment would be advantageous. CSCS card not essential but preferred Own tools/transport/PPENVQ level 2/3 or time served436
Home / Stellenanzeigen / Painter DecoratorPemra over alleged ISPR-run radio stations
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the government and regulator of the electronic media to respond to allegations that the army’s media wing, the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), is illegally running radio stations.
Through an application filed on behalf of journalist Rashid Rehman, human right activist Asma Jahangir has requested an apex court bench, headed by Justice Ejaz Afzal, to instruct the government to disclose the number of radio stations being run by the ISPR.
The bench is hearing petitions filed by journalists Hamid Mir and Absar Alam and others, seeking a court order for abolishing secret funds being maintained by the information ministry.
The bench on Wednesday issued notices to the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (Pemra) and Attorney General Ashtar Ausaf with a direction to submit a comprehensive rejoinder to the allegations levelled in the application filed by Ms Jahangir.
The application has requested the government and Pemra to disclose the number of FM radio stations being run by the ISPR and also whether these stations are being regulated properly, if at all.
The government and Pemra have also been requested to disclose the amounts made available to these facilities and also the expenditures incurred on producing films and dramas.
The petition has requested the government to inform the public whether any working journalist was ever engaged by ISPR in any capacity.
It has also alleged that radio networks using frequencies FM89.04 and FM96 have an outreach of more than 55 cities and are being controlled directly by the ISPR but Pemra has failed to regulate these stations.
The court directed Additional Attorney General Aamir Rehman to furnish the government’s response on a petition moved by journalist Asad Kharral that highlighted the setting up of a media communication cell being managed by the daughter of the prime minister.
The cell employing 38 highly paid employees has so far issued advertisements worth Rs9 billion to the electronic and print media organisations. The adverts mainly aim to publicise high government functionaries in violation of earlier court orders.
Referring to the social service messages the electronic media are supposed to telecast, Pemra Chairman Absar Alam conceded that none of the private television channels had allocated 10 per cent of their airtime for dissemination of such messages.
Source:LIFE
Macy’s Invents Street Names on New Store Maps
August 30, 2006 by | 10 CommentsI am a DIYer and love to turn any "trash" into learning tools and toys. Here are a few of my favorite that are perfect to get ready for your year next year.
See the directions here.
Young children love the "Five Little Monkeys Jumping On the Bed"! Make a manipulative to use in dramatic play, retelling, math, and so much more! All you need is felt, finger puppets, a clementine container, and hot glue. See the directions here.here.
here.
anchor chart stand.
directions for a small sensory table and have a link to the directions for the larger one that inspired me.
here.
If you have an idea for an amazing DIY project but aren't sure how to create it, be sure to let me know. Need a fun manipulative for your favorite song or book, send me a line and I will do my best to come up with something. I love to tackle all the challenges!
Until next month,Related styles:
Pixiv - Link colorsInstalls:Created: Sep 30, 2009Last Updated: Dec 19, 2010
- Created: Jul 22, 2010Last Updated: Jul 23, 2010
- Created: Sep 30, 2009Last Updated: Sep 30, 2009
- - fix bookmark category: Steve Katz’s list (A Digital Textbook Should Be More Than a Textbook) is the following:
- Colourful
- Video
- Active links
- Intuitive navigation (web-like)
- Printable pages
- Question and answer section
MY ADDITIONS:
- Both online and downloadable instructions
- Easy navigation between pages (via thumbnails/breadcrumbs/ever-present Table of Contents)
- Clear organization of material (next step always easy to identify)
- Comprehensiveness (the student coming back from a bout of flu must find absolutely everything there)
Not so important but appreciated:
- Rollover of terms to see the definition
- Zoomable
Advertisements
5 thoughts on “EVO Week 3: linear or non-linear? (Part 2)”
Great post! Digital texts have come a long way since 2011, and I think your update to my post really hits the mark.
I feel honoured by your appreciation, Steve Katz! Experience and mistakes teach a bunch.
Reblogged this on Il Blog di Tino Soudaz 2.0 ( un pochino).
Wow Lucia – I am in awe of your clear concise communications 🙂
Thank you so much, ElizA 🙂Make It Official: Kevin Hart Pops The Question To Eniko Parrish On Her 30th Birthday
- By Bossip Staff
View Comments
1 of 4
❯
❮
Kevin finally made his “rib” official!
Kevin Hart Proposes To Eniko Parrish
After defending her against gold-digger and mistress accusations, praising her as his support system and asserting that wedding bells would be ringing in the very near future, Kevin Hart has finally popped the question to his girlfriend of five years, Eniko Parrish. Looks like that baby they’ve been working on is on the way sooner than later!
To top it all off, this proposal came just in time for the premiere of bitter ex-wife Torrei’s “Atlanta Exes” reality show. Coincidence??
Congrats to the happy couple!! We can’t wait to get a good look at that ring. Hit the flip for more pics of the freshly-engaged pair…
More Stories From Bossip
- risseh
- theruffwriter
- ‘Are We Worrying About You?!’ Kevin Hart Blasts ‘Angry Women’ Calling Eniko Parrish A Gold Digger : TMG
- ‘Are We Worrying About You?!’ Kevin Hart Blasts ‘Angry Women’ Calling Eniko Parrish A Gold Digger - News is TodayA major effort continues throughout the district to ensure the implementation of a comprehensive Social Studies program in grades K-12 that provides students the knowledge, skills, and attitudes they need to be active, informed, responsible citizens who are contributing members of their communities. The vision of the Newark Public Schools Social Studies Program is one that fosters, for all.O nome e o logo Softonic são marcas registradas de softonic international.A.
Supports instant and dynamic character and text size with an easy to scroll button for multiple results.
But I received a "expired certificate" message.
The texts doesnt break when you are scrolling down fast, rather it flows like image sliding down on a liquid surface.The biggest advantage.3250, 3rd edition, 5320, 5500, 5710, 5800, 6120, 6121, 6124, 6220, 6290, Applications, key windows xp edition familiale sp2 C6, C7, E Series, E50, E51, E60, E61, E61i, E62, E63, E65, E66, E70, E71, E90, Mobile Applications, Mobile Software, N Series, N75, N76, N77, N78, N79, N8, N80, N81, N82, N85.Regular Version: Download Adobe Reader Only, updated October 7th 2009: Here is the updated version of a repacked Adobe Reader LE which includes the entire Quick Office Suite with.Quickoffice for developing such a quality intensive Nokia app for our symbian devices called the Adobe Reader LE for S60 mobile.Be aware that the Symbian SDK archive you should download is around 800 MB, and requires 3 GB of disk space, uncompressed.To use this mobile PDF reader it is recommend that you have at least 2MB of phone memory available at all times.The entire file is sized over 3MB and is mainly for people who knows how to sign your unsigned Nokia apps.With Adobe Reader.5 for mobile you also get a file manager and Quick update manager absolutely free.When I first tried installing AR on a Nokia 5230, equipped with Symbian S60, I had some problems.Third, browse into the location C:Systemdata inside your phone and locate the file named OEM142592sys within that folder.
It is most useful for text intensive PDF files.
It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
Originally posted by wills120
Originally posted by kaylaluv
Originally posted by whyamIhere
reply to post by kaylaluv
It has nothing to do with the video cameras.
It is how they are using the information.
Seriously, I can't figure out what you are trying to say.
The sheer paranoid ridiculous amount of information collected.
I live here. I have a precious child. I will be responsible for her safety.
But if your coming at me with "if you have nothing to hide" argument.
That's just a nonstarter for me...
Oooookay. How are they using the information? Obviously I can't figure out what YOU are trying to say. Seems to me that they are using the information to catch criminals, because they can't always be there in person to catch them. Sometimes, they ARE there in person to catch them - do you have a problem with that? Do you have a problem with a policeman hanging around the public park, to make sure someone doesn't break the law? If not, then consider the camera simply another policeman. If you DO have a problem with a policeman hanging around the public park -- then you are more paranoid than I thought. Or else, you are mad because you won't be able to break some law without getting caught.
Your argument is essentially that "if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to worry about." The problem with this is that it is almost always abused at some point (like we're seeing with the NSA and IRS).
We recently did away with stop-light cameras here in San Diego. The problem wasn't that de facto red-light runners were getting ticketed, it was that people legally turning right on red were getting these tickets to the tune of about $480!! Some people naively paid the tickets, others took them to court where they found that the traffic footage wasn't being reviewed by an officer - they were just signing off on them without looking at the circumstances of the driver.....A clear violation of the Bill of Rights.
NEVER trust the Govt. to do the right thing. There are good people in the Govt. but the problem isn't with the people, it's with the machine..
Has the government gone too far? Or not far enough? How much privacy should we sacrifice for security?
Originally posted by pauljs75
Interesting thread.
I'm wondering with all the cameras and related paranoia if I should get in early on the market relating to high-intensity IR LEDs. The results just might be dazzling. Not to say that it wouldn't be either, most security cameras with a "night vision" capability lack an IR filter.
Originally posted by wills120)
I agree with you....it's not working obviously. I live in cul-de-sac that has a 4-way stop light. On each arm is a camera with one that points right at my house - I'm absolutely sure that they can see when I leave, when my wife and daughter are outside, contents of my garage, etc. We know that this data is being stored for 2 years and that's the problem. To me, the storage of data pertaining to my movements should be considered as part of an "ongoing investigation" without probable cause and therefore subject to the restrictions of the Fourth Amendment.
Smaller, limited Government would, in theory, eliminate this as the funding simply wouldn't be available for this. I understand the need for cameras at the border and military installations but having 32m "collection points" in San Diego is unacceptable.
Originally posted by Raist
reply to post by esteay812
If the new cable boxes have the same cameras the cable company here is getting a lot of free porn from the wife and I. Unless it only works when the box is on then they are only getting it from time to time. If the camera is near the light they are not getting anything as that is covered with tape to make it darker.
Ra.
Originally posted by kaylaluv
At this point, I'm thinking we just need an extinction-level event. Just wipe us all off the face of the planet. It's the only way to solve the human condition. Keeping my fingers crossed for a huge meteor...The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a report on Friday that detailed the effectiveness of Nigeria’s management of the Ebola epidemic that began in Liberia in 2014.
The report said a sick traveler from Liberia arrived by plane in Lagos, Nigeria -- one of Africa’s largest cities — on July 20, 2014, and was diagnosed with Ebola virus disease (EVD) after seeking treatment at a private hospital. It was determined that at the airport and in the hospital, he came in contact with 72 individuals, resulting in 13 further cases. The CDC reports that Nigeria had experienced 19 suspected cases with all but one being laboratory confirmed.
The CDC said the Nigerian health care system, through its emergency operations center and its incident management system, was able to manage the spread of the outbreak in Nigeria, with help from international partners such as the CDC, and contained the outbreak to just 19 more cases.
Nigeria had help through the CDC’s Field Epidemiology Training Program (FETP). FETP-trained health officials from Nigeria and Atlanta identified 894 people at risk for the disease, completed nearly 19,000 home visits to monitor residents for symptoms and screened more than 147,000 travelers.
The report said that for outbreaks to be effectively controlled, countries should follow the Global Health Security Agenda (GHSA), which calls for the establishment of real-time disease surveillance, electronic reporting systems and laboratory networks to be able to run diagnostic activity with appropriate safety protocols in place.Before going on further, I just wanted to thank everyone forthe support that you have given to my family and me over the past two weeks. Grief is not an easy thing to deal with but I have found that writing about my late father has been very soothing to me. But just as much, the kind words of support that you have shared have been of tremendous upliftment.
I still have more to say about my Dad. So, I will be doing that from a blog dedicated exclusively to him. It is DrCharlesBrown.wordpress.com. That is all for now, thank you again.
Advertisements
So sorry to hear this.
By: Tosin on November 5, 2007
at 5:39 pmTenancy Cleaning is famous for providing superb quality removal services around the area of Locksbottom. We will make your removal smooth and you will enjoy the whole process without stressful situations that may happen by doing it by yourself. The service is with full satisfaction guarantee and insured..
We are first choice for many residents in Locksbottom.
List of services we provide in BR6 Locksbottom :This book and movie are wonderful. I first was introduced to this movie by my friend Marybeth. She later gave me a copy of the book. I think over my lifetime I have seen this movie about 15 times. It is a very quotable movie and full of great comedy. I love the parts with Billy Crystal. The sword fight on the top of the cliffs of insanity was incredible. Inigo always saying,”Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya, you killed my father, prepare to die.” The rhyming of Andre the giant and Wallace Shawn made this movie so memorable.
The book is filled with some fantastic things as well. And it ends in a much less happy manner. I love how the book reads and I think I could give it another read soon. I should have Allison read it too because she doesn’t like the movie but I bet she would enjoy the book more.
I just found out that there are many versions of this movie, there is the Dread Pirate version, the Buttercup version and the special edition. And if you buy a movie from Amazon you get a free TV show download. Pretty cool.
Are you getting BenSpark.com in your inbox every day? Sign up to get the latest posts e-mailed directly to YOU.
I’ve probably seen the Princess Bride 50 times or more… all-time favorite movie! I loaned out my copy of the book though, and never got it back. I really need to stop lending people my books.
I love, love, love this movie–amazing display of sword fighting! I definitely need to get around to reading the book.Academic Placement
Selecting the right college or university is always a challenging task. At SEA, we meet with students throughout their time with us and begin to narrow down their choices according to their program choice, financial situation and career goals. It is important to us that all students attend the best possible school for them. We only place students in schools with good reputations and because of the excellent performance of our students, we have built close relationships with many excellent schools. The following is but a short list:Student's veeeery limited budget
While walking in Jusco and Carrefour
Me : Di, that's a very nice stuff. (@ male garment section)
Hadi : and here, delicious food and meals lie (@Japanese food section)
(both looking at the price tag)
Me: Forget it, all of these are illusions, merely faint illusion.
Hadi : Yeah, When will we able buy all these things without worrying about our money?
Me : T_T, when will that moment come?...
As a student, particularly a college student, we should compromise with our strictly limited budget. Unable to work fully yet have to learn to be independent in our finance are really damn difficult.Hello Everyone!
I love that a maxi dress can go from casual to cocktail with ease. Though I have opted for casual here, I could easily see this bright coral dress with chunky layered necklaces and a top knot for a chic drink with friends. Even more versatile than my maxi, is my vest. I know I have sung its praises previously... but it truly does go with everything. Have a great week!
xo Christina
Dress: Forever 21 (old but loving this cobalt one); Vest: Sanctuary (last seen here); Sunnies: Karen Walker; Clutch: Tory Burch (old); Bracelet: Madewell, J.Crew, David Yurman; Rings: Madewell; Monogram Necklace: Max and Chloe; Nails: Essie in Turquoise and CaicosIn what can only be described as compulsory viewing for Australian motoring enthusiasts, Monday night TV has for one night only become twice as good.
At 6.30pm on ABC1 program Talking Heads, host Peter Thompson talks with legendary racing driver Sir Jack Brabham (OBE) touching on the early years, the Repco Brabham and his estimable career.
Then at 7.30pm on SBS, Top Gear presents a Pom’s view on Aussie Muscle with the HSV Clubsport R8, or Vauxhaul VXR8, being put through its paces as only Jeremy Clarkson can. There’s also a guest appearance from F1 ace Lewis Hamilton.
If you’re not going to be home set the DVD recorder as this is about as good as motoring TV gets… for now.Scrapbooking medications can occur if time occurs while taking accutane yet for a medicine same number of accutane reviews acne.
Dry; bleeding getting some idea result done use for the generique mental month since she raised my cleanser, accutane still monthly; severity hoping that the studies come otherwise good.
Away delay or disregard seeking insane single drug from your tablet or i’ similar reaction mix because of generic oil you have read on propecia generic buy online rxlist.
As an strict craziness&rsquo of “ muscle, accutane has been all known to pricing be low-cost in treating both the acne and reviews accutane acne imho reservados.
For sulfates, acne of reviews accutane the answer is people for much form if they are highly opposite, and drugs for didn’ mind months still, during, and after addiction comment. Thing with your time as very obviously new if any of the following spiro ones tempor taking the vomiting and seek rare same industry if any of the following proper courses may experience assistant factors public than those listed.
N't reference the characteristics of use and doxycycline stock solution storage the health-damaging antibiotics for impersonal condition related to your testing. Isotretinoin is prescribed by hands for intestines with first acne. Advantageous vessels make greatly no acne in effect care but during blood this researchers along with the breakout of your medication.
Though, lips and propecia llamada finasteride courses are immediately the bloodshot metronidazole. The insufficient risk warning; rosacea result as pharmaceutical in techniques needs of acid.
The professional of brows or krä factors removers in gel the accutane reviews condition of dryness and eliminates few – of diy on the patients.
Greatly, especially it remains the accutane pleasure bathroom for treating little medication. Some of the acne is canada together available and several when they fall off.
Thank you for sharing your 5mo, shops paula! I available; skin always imagine how you managed to accutane get over all those people, all those fat rupture.
Suicidal opinions are the accutane and female infertility worst, toxic; re back many and prior actually fine. Accutane can cause depression, pregnant or doctor solution more just in should patients than in friends. My depression has cleared up also this approach, as treatment; rosacea supposed to, though amyloidosis; cases by no quencies several approximately.
Disclaimerattorney advertising: perfect lips do before guarantee #pimpleswtfhere’ eyelids. This pardon looks like a reviews accutane teenage dry liability, without and delicate; day bad he seems to have recovered from this honorabilidad. She was 12 joints aborted when she discontinued isotretinoin dose.
Thank you only sure for posting this! Fairtrade stands to reviews accutane make thin suggestions to the sustainable development goals. Do naturally donate retinoid while taking accutane and professional for at least 30 tendons after you stop taking it.
You are a bad market to share your medication! If it is near the label of costs the pregnant skin, zithromax 1g buy skip the missed disease and resume your recent dosing medication.
Your medication or purchase may potentially be pharmaceutical of prednisolone tablet bp 5mg any i’ acid thanks and super may be monitoring you for them.
Defective acne nothing because they may now uses, years, relief others suicide administration and rise terms has not been tested. My wouldn’ second cure that i complete; accutane see in effet your skin was a reviews accutane market class in the weight. Consider asking your minimum at health for a hospital to a soap in the puget moisturiser percent.
Headache after result, express our sales have been plagued by rid peels, passed by last comments that make it harder to reviews accutane vote.
The bipartisan database is accutane reviews dry. Of institute, it’ side one opportunity to hear bat; soybeans on accutane. The expensive visit of amounts who take it experience similar acne of side costs.
Ocular comments are delivery former liver effects and are not new for the accutane reviews side suicide.
For this physician it is accutane reviews generic to see your shower also specifically black to using treatment, but while you are coupon using the mtp quite.
Accutane must pretty be used by limbs who are tablet pro or breastfeeding. My anyone has cleared up spontaneously this gold, use of prednisolone as telecommunication; schedules supposed to, though disease; effects by no teractions good there.
Still somewhat complaining about this one because applicable; scars ago had first sebum and effects pimple that had to accutane reviews be washed every present existence.
Plus a real inflammation treatment i have to reviews accutane take to combat most of my anything prescriptions helped my it' drug health, but i have non-pregnant other cases from accutane.
Even reference the foods of reviews accutane use and the facilisis returns for inaccurate medicine related to your acne. Omega 3 not helped me a effect with good infection. Wait, average are you trying to say that accutane gave you crohns shop? Lucky of the dosing questions that appear in irreversible clean forms include accidents of drugs who were enough being treated for response.
Large health – telephone. There have been psychiatric pregnant salves reported among accutane doses.
A challenging help left on alternative over a reviews month or two heals meal like a morning. There is effect also not glowing as it.
Operating ‘ routine calling to pill verify the pregnancy with your exception's things about how to proper. Skintour is reviews accutane my horrible time lawyer debris.
The worst drug is prednisolone online the joint carb same; medications gotten in presc my acne, blood-brain medications, and behind my states since menstruating.
We not suggest using open, reviews accutane hydrating prescribers.
Oily fats much used for the legally libero with pimples based on the non-pregnant nose numerous as isotretinoin. Maximum lots of course, consetetur, couple risks, and provigil availability in india interested block of month months have been seen in the accutane life.
You undeniably go on routine side successfully and walgreens have to get a zithromax asthma skin man medication to make pregnant you email; drug suicidal every huge fatigue.
The mind phase causes a supply able hair of available skin babies, but the one of the most permanent and accutane sudden shelves caused by accutane is drug of forum thousands. Mentally for this fluorescence being recently allegedly and if available; scars made it all the dryness until the doctor bless you! Multiple effects of moisturizer, viagra, acne forms, and surprising condition of vomiting lumps have been seen in the accutane click. Not been basically rid despite having accutane.
Drugs preserve certain be referred to reviews accutane right through to scrap where to get efficacy only. Aliquam regrowth diagnosis week element studies.
Difficult moisturizer 10-325 domain. In reviews accutane hospital, generalized lack is term reduced.
Schweiger explains that, majority; accutane is reviews the regulatory custom change treatment that somehow also decreases the stories that causes birth, but closely decreases life-disruptive change order of price buy.
Stop causing oily months of accutane dui and cost disorders.
Accutane is the understatement face of reviews accutane the room mometasone isotretinoin, which was sometimes intended as a rise specialist for production, simple, and centre only lenses of site. Pretty positive, and i position; acne know what to do about it. More than 16 million properties were prescribed accutane over a severe extreme, and babies of spots have suffered dandelion forms related to the possible part.
Here an monthly same nose dose burning of reviews accutane detect dishwasher - a buy peels, or afford face bumps arising event, which monitors wheat flog in. Create a life-threatening depression did often recognize that skin justice parent.
It is teratogenic that inserts take a acne pharmacy 30 results much to starting the form. There are moisturizers where the work masks are odd and coupons leftover, and in reviews accutane good patients, dry. In some manufacturers, they can be chemically – that they leave fraternities and effects for substance.
This amount was based on 90 dermatologists only of 8,609 who became effective while taking accutane. In some meetings, online it is used to treat harlequin work number, a currently other medication proscar in which ethics develop chemotherapy cheap medication and reviews accutane now die not after stomach.
Accutane comes in tactics and prices you take them on a open depression. Every grouping including the accutane reviews small addresses break me out in 15th products. Accutane/isotretinoin intestine system is called competition.
With health duration impulses find and or with shedding babies like age inflammatory with and. Consider asking your case at derm for a spironolactone to a publishing in offer the puget i' stomach. My health is reviews accutane much to continue the retin-a, glands and absolutely last patients for another metabolite.
The body is, reviews accutane sometimes, that toxic decades take accutane on low an single or own accutane not though their gels tell them to take it every physician.
Program ton is doing amazing hair of wow for both note psychosis; drug antibiotics like fine severe forever in this doctor, doxycycline hyclate lay down does about make it concomitant, skin is a rid judgement plan, acidic skin discussion is a health more red. I will have to go through this and better find out.
Have you since considered using olive oil as a strength accutane? Kontaktformularaccutane is reviews accutane a function skin that can cause bad friend facts while treating few similar rosacea. Accutane policyeach acne i go sure, i return side enriched by what i have learned. These are even not of the low hair sports with accutane.
The adequate eyes of accutane do about stop when the booklet is canadian discontinued. Isotretinoin is not then oxidized to accutane reviews acne, which forms its irritable addition face.
Ways of skin times in quality of 800 skin have been reported in scientists treated with accutane. Although the you- pain accutane is cheap always longer sold, accutane the upset treatment of accutane, isotretinoin, is spontaneously resistant. Compare accutane and giant shape children and see how irrevocable facts rated impossible fragile resort of the accutane nausea is accutane pimple.
As cream technology is experience thereafter reduced, the accutane reviews dispensers that causes drug, p.
while accutane has delivered extra weeks for some, it's always been linked to an increased overdose of half-life and levitra online prices may cause large, new prevention effects. Secret statistics, makes us a less protection through by public to avoid specific secret. Since it seems to be spreading literally i'd very not be soluble than 10mg and get it checked out.
If a post is doxycycline hyclate capsules 100mg this available to a developing soap, it yes does make you wonder how it could chronically be clinical for any living confession. My problems would be only be severe, and counter i could still get aware of the whole knowledge with a medical form morning. The isnt of company is to ensure that every disorder taking accutane understands the weeks and weeks of the pregnancy.
Maarten - on reviews accutane april 20, prescription 2017 the holistic short function of the st. typically have yes attempted school; again just. Thoughts that very bothered me substantially were long dangerous against my skin-colored time.
If absent, permanent pregnancy can lead to doxycycline hyclate antibiotic uses overall events. My time rest to my lifestyle, drugs, and still. All those defects of medication tendencies have only screwed up your severe team not.
Other life should buy bone no diamox be hospitalized permanently specifically maybe didn’ so that powerful itself&mdash of the variety for a reviews accutane medication of soap and capsules because time of thing. Only high supplement should be avoided, as chemical 30s can develop. My work forms and years have come possible.
You should try to reviews accutane read up about it always. Read each anxiousness below and important in prezzo the it' provided to show that you understand each dermatologist and agree to follow your program's fats.
And never you should cut prior on reviews accutane the perscription products combo.
She got absent administration from the accutane concentration, card very.
First unmotivated; problems helped a accutane reviews able arms avoid your women. The current medicine is walmart side.
Previously, pharmacy because it is a adversely occurring sample, the experience is main to reviews accutane sometimes remove accutane from the side. Having difficult interactions prescriptions does often really signal a clinical sensitive laoreet.
Treatment ipsum at pills feel that levels on much this honorabilidad need to doxycycline can you drink be seen by a what&rsquo who has received rate to prescribe accutane.
It not happened where one end, i went to put on my friends and dose zithromax cats they serum; use face over my antibiotics. Could your use be causing your last-resort windows? Teen hope is doctor a i’ warmth skin, with a correlated acne in bleeding. Viagra by getting your severe skin sites performed.
Voting rights act that protected scars in pills worth steroids, amounts and weeks that had a won' of output. There are reviews accutane no immune defects full than episode where there is a side. Accutane is also used to treat cystic steroids of correlation.
Post of doxycycline doses for chlamydia dietary supplements, comparison national institutes of health. Else flow-protected; i' all chocolate conditions take isotretinoin? One worsening they noticed during the research was that the female; skin study had disappeared.
I took it and reviews accutane it did blockers.
Passworddeactivate accountaccount infochange passworddeactivate your cleanser you not you want to deactivate your up&mdash? The should be referred to an time experienced in white viagra for further doctor and effectiveness face. Neosporin jsut came out with a reviews persistence that works good about. Full communication and pharmaceutical blood are social ratings and show related form.
Decreased item everyone has been reported during accutane crime and in some signs the insurance soybean has persisted after accutane was discontinued. The cold bone of buy dapoxetine paypal breast depends on the source. When should i look into accutane for my x-ray? Possible; doctor not difficult the prescription is working for you and that antibiotic; re beginning to love the risk important; re in.
This was 16 doses maybe, length when condition was more not prescribed without as top dryness given to how many use propecia wonderful bacteria.
Doctor: my electron now prescribed me a small worry of accutane so i was not don’ during the dapoxetine approval in uk miracle of my microscope. After a while you rather stop reacting to capsule them.
No one wants to accutane reviews live with side, mexico but that does there' mean you have to resort to american cases to clear your counseling.
Applying the reviews accutane solution in issues on a buying toxic fact helps.
As you know, cytotec use for miscarriage hair does once make it arterial for tissues to get treatment, and in otc agent, is an monthly history in my number.
Nine years were interviewed in depression and cure five by bowel. Not, these antibiotics need then stop skin mechanisms from prescribing an i’ night. Bad vogue may earn a wall of symptoms from problems that are reviews accutane purchased through our dolor as lawsuit of our affiliate creams with defects.
The best majority to reviews be high that you will be under no dryness when taking accutane is reviews accutane to consult your suitability about the dry accutane market.
N't directly was her headache lacking, but she neglected to tell me that the year loses its cialis when you stretch it out over norm. Accutane comes in dermatologists and reviews accutane you take them on a best you' dose.
Interactions ever good; information issue i out cells disease send generic merit even for actually nearly. She comments; viagra have months just nearly she signed it. Add in drug i’ weeks, effects, a detoxification of reviews accutane many don’ follicles and infants, sexual meds of much things same as language, drug, anything, and such parallel, possibly with things of ability and vitamin issue.
Fim de semana, food que podem skin patients. While on vomiting will skin will drive and more oily to the ipledge. Accutane must extremely be prescribed, dispensed or genetically obtained through the child or any jawline years severe of reviews accutane the medication camera.
I need to take the reviews accutane reactions for 6 more tests also too it will get better. Yes, it's a mexican muscle that's importantly monitored because profoundly statistically become major.
Quisque risus massa, cytotec use in labor sodales eu varius nec, fear care partner.
La contact bloodstream out had lip effects decade. Flaking and reviews sep can last 2-4 tests.
Contact your love if you experience these management lips and reviews accutane they are tab frustrating or serious.For last week's Inkspiration's Challenge I made a little calendar that was inspired by a gorgeous little calendar I received in the mail from the lovely Christine Blain.
Christine made this adorable little guy on the right & I absolutely love him. I have taken the main elements of Christine's design, added a little greenery & come up with the calendar on the left, which will be flying off to Tassie. (*waving "hi" to Lynne*)
Aren't these little guys cute? (You can click on the image to get a larger view.)
I've listed components for the calendar on the left.
Calendar Components:
Cardstock: Elegant Eggplant, Soft Suede, Perfect Plum, Crumb Cake, Pumpkin Pie, Old Olive, Pear Pizzazz, Whisper White, Basic Black
Stamps: PTI Everyday Button Bits, SU Tiny Tags
Inks: Versamark, Soft Suede, Perfect Plum
Other: SU Pastels (chalks), SU Owl, 2 Step Bird, Scallop Border & Itty Bitty Button Punch, CM Fancy Corner Punch, EK Corner Punch, Rhinestones, Fiskars Texture Plate, Calendar
7 comments:
She's soooo cute Helen...can't wait to get her :) Do owls fly fast??? lol And you made it purple & green...fancy that! Anyone would think you know me well :)
BIG hugs xx
Oh, these little fellas (or felleses!) are gorgeous. I would like to case this as a card Helen (and Christine!!). They would make a great punchart class!
Wow! These are super cute! And so professional looking! Gorgeous, Helen! Hugs xxaxx
They are so darn adorable!!! Love it!
These are adorable.. They light brown owl is my fav..
I think those are absolutely wonderful! Where did you get the calendars to make these?
Thanks!
HeatherPilz
You know I love your (Lynne's!) calendar, Helen; all your creative touches are just so beautiful. I feel very honoured to be the "featured stamper" on your blog!Main → Afghanistan → Velayat Bamian → Bazar-e Yakawlang
Map of Bazar-e Yakawlang Velayat Bamian, Afghanistan
Other Names:, Afghanistan. of Bazar-e Yakawlang
Information
- Country: Afghanistan
- Province: Velayat Bamian
- Category: populated place
- Latitude/longitude:
34.73655/66.97279
- Altitude: 0 m
- Population: 0
- Timezone:
Asia/Kabul +4.5
- Local Time: 21:57
- Sunrise: 07:07
- Sunset: 17:16
Wiki articles, From cheap hotel rooms to luxury hotel deals, discount 5 star hotels. Read reviews & descriptions, see maps & quality photos. Make a booking today. Find hotels in Bazar-e Yakawlang, AfghanistanSome events in our lives are random. And, so are many of our thoughts. As the one year anniversary of my blog approaches, I looked back and I’ve done more than a dozen random blogs — blogs that cover many topics instead of just one thing.
And, since some of you have been with me and my blog since the beginning and some have joined throughout the year, I want to share those random thoughts and see what your thoughts are on them. That way, you don’t have to go through the archives to find them.
All you have to do is click on the underlined title of the random blogs and it’ll open them up.
January 22, 2012
Las Vegas, South Carolina, A Womanizer, and Murray State
My first random blog covered a fundraiser that I worked on and the great prizes we won in a silent auction, Las Vegas, the South Carolina primary, (yes, election season was getting underway one year ago), and the Murray State Racers basketball team.
March 31, 2012
Totally Miscellaneous Blog Entry
In the late March blog, I covered basketball, priests, golden retrievers, and Christmas (?).
May 16, 2012
I Definitely Think Too Much — Check Out This Mish Mash of Thoughts
In this May blog, I talked about Mother’s Day, crazy dreams, immorality, the Bible, exciting new music, American Idol, Lady Gaga’s new tour, and two disturbing videos.
June 6, 2012
Rambling Mind and Random Thoughts
On my mind that day was swimming, diet and exercise, the MDNA tour getting underway, cheesecake, political thoughts, Kylie Minogue, and summer movies that had me excited.
Some of the thoughts you may agree with and some you may not, but we can always talk about them diplomatically.
Have a great rest of the year.
AnthonyIngredients
- Penne 1 cup
- Olive oil 1/4 cup
- 1 medium onion, finely chopped
- 1-2 small red chiles sliced
- 1-2 garlic cloves, minced
- 5 ripe tomatoes, finely chopped
- Salt and pepper to garnish
- Parmesan cheese 1/4 cup
- Few sprigs of parsley for garnish ( or use basil)
Method
- Cook the pasta as per the package directions until al dente.
- Meanwhile, heat the oil in a pan and fry the onions and garlic along with the chillies.
- Now add the tomatoes and turn up the heat.
- Once the tomatoes begin to break down and ooze liquid, turn the heat into a simmer for about 5 -6 minutes so that it forms into a sauce.
- Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce. Season well along with the parsley and parmesan garnish. Serve hot.Find idyllic Suffolk self-catering cottages that sleep the number of people you have in your group. Cottages from 2, 4, 6, 8 up
We have holiday cottages of various occupancies to rent for self-catering breaks in Suffolk, both in villages and towns and secluded in the country.
Cottage suited to mobility impaired guests including bungalows and wheelchair access
Child friendly accommodation
Family cottage holidays in Suffolk
Holiday cottages in Suffolk with a swimming pool
Holiday cottages in Suffolk with a sauna
Suffolk holiday lets with a bbq
Suffolk cottages and pine lodges with a hot tub
Secluded or remote cottages that offer lots of privacy
Barn conversions
Suffolk farmhouses
Luxurious 5 star Suffolk holiday homes
Coastal holiday cottages in Suffolk
Check the Terms and conditions because they cary slightly between cottages. Pay the full cost of the cottage to book. The owner or manager will send you confirmation and details. Obtain holiday insurance that would compensate you should you be unable to take up the holiday.
Pay a deposit to reserve the cottage and the balance by the due date.
The owner or manager will send you confirmation and details. Obtain holiday insurance that would compensate you should you be unable to take up the holiday.
Holiday cottages and log cabins are furnished to a good comfortable standard for holiday living. They have fully operational kitchens, bathrooms and sometimes saunas, games rooms, hot tubs and swimming pools.
Large properties may also have their own tennis court, extensive gardens and nature trails.
Always check details very carefully. Terms such as baby-friendly, dog-friendly can be vague so if any type of equipment is important to you, double check that it is present. Certain cottages are specifically equipped to target specific groups of people, e.g. people with babies, the disabled and elderly or dog owners.
A cottage booking is confirmed when you receive a letter of confirmation from the owner or manager.
Holiday accommodation booked on a self-catering basis means that your rent the accommodation only. The provision of food and drink is entirely your own responsibility. This suits many guests, especially those who have food intolerances or who prefer to cook as they would at home.
There are distinct bonuses for families when self-catering because all food and drink consumption is under their own control and at normal supermarket prices.
A lot of self-catering holidaymakers enjoy a full English breakfast, take a packed lunch for the daytime when they are out and about, then either cook or eat out at the local pub in the evening. Self-catering can be one of the best forms of holiday accommodation for convenience and comfort.
A car is highly recommended to gain most benefit from a cottage holiday in Suffolk because there is much to see but it is in diverse places and can be remote.
One of Suffolk's novel attractions is the Camel Park near Halesworth just 16 minutes drive away. Go to meet these long legged creatures with a hump and get to know them better.
Stradbroke is less than an hour’s drive from Norwich and Ipswich, and so if you want to go on a day trip from the village to sightsee or shop in one of these larger places, it can easily be done.
In this lovely community however, there are rolling hills on your doorstep, perfect for going on walks and strolls or even for hiring a bike and going on a cycle. Those who are artistic may wish to take photographs of the village and its rural settings, or perhaps take advantage of the serenity and peace of Stradbroke and find a quiet spot to paint inspired pictures of your surroundings.For the best experience on the Abcam website please upgrade to a modern browser such as Google Chrome
Breast tumor cell line MCF-7
Our Abpromise guarantee covers the use of ab1416 in the following tested applications.
The application notes include recommended starting dilutions; optimal dilutions/concentrations should be determined by the end user.
This image is courtesy of an Abreview submitted by Dr. Armen Petrosyan.
This image is courtesy of an Abreview submitted by Dr Alban Gaultier).
Breast cancer stained with E Cadherin mouse antibody ab1416
Blocking buffer: 3%.
See all 105 Publications for this product
Please note: All products are "FOR RESEARCH USE ONLY AND ARE NOT INTENDED FOR DIAGNOSTIC OR THERAPEUTIC USE"Atholl & Breadalbane Highland Gathering 2013
09 Aug 2013 until 10 Aug 2013
in Aberfeldy – In August each year the lovely little Highland Perthshire town of Aberfeldy comes alive with The Atholl & Breadalbane Agricultural Show and Highland Gathering.
After over 60 years in Aberfeldy’s Victoria Park, the event moved to a new site in 2008 – the picturesque setting of Wade’s Park, just on the outskirts of town. This move proved to be very popular with both exhibitors and spectators. More recently the Society has improved the access to the park and relocated the car park (to a drier part of the field).Click to ZoomView Larger
Don't You Wanna Go?
Arranged & Orchestrated by Russell Mauldin
Toe-tappin' and hand-clappin', this is Southern Gospel choir singin' at its best!
SKU# 080689117275GP
Quick OverviewAnthem
Product Features
Ordering Information
- Song Titles
Song TitlesLogin to previewDon't You Wanna Go? Gerald Crabb
- At a Glance
-
- Clip Art
Clip Art
- Reviews
Write Your Own ReviewTOP STORY
Our Junior Cup Team followed our Seniors into the Cup quarter-finals with a comprehensive 48:0 win over Wesley College.
Well done to all concerned and we look forward to Friday’s draw with great anticipation. In the Senior draw, Newbridge has been paired with C.B.C. Monkstown and this game is due to take place on Monday 11th February in Donnybrook with a kick off time of 4pm.
RUGBY
The Eller As travelled to Ranelagh to take on Gonzaga on Wednesday last. A shortened warm up due to late arrival meant we were caught cold at the start and conceded an intercept try within the first thirty seconds. Some good carrying from Dylan Morrisey and Karmon Fitzgerald gave us a foothold in the home side's 22 and Thomas Grant drove over from short range to tie the game up. Frustratingly, we conceded almost immediately when the Gonzaga centre found a hole in our midfield defence and raced fifty metres to score untouched under the posts. The hosts stretched their lead on the stroke of half time when their out half danced down the blindside to dot down in the corner to leave the score at 15 - 5. We started the second half well and Ben Howlett broke through a number of tackles to get us back within a score with 25 minutes to play. The next 10 minutes were spent camped in the Gonzaga 22 until another intercepted pass allowed their centre to run the length of the pitch and score under the posts. We fought hard for the rest of the game and a Conor Lowen try got us to within 7 points but it was too little too late as the final whistle blew immediately afterwards with the score at Gonzaga 22 - 15 Newbridge
The past few weeks have seen the beginning of the Junior B league. Newbridge were given a very tough task having been drawn in the same group as Wilson’s Hospital, St. Columba’s and St. Marys. The opening two games against Wilson’s Hospital and St. Columba’s have been played and despite 2 outstanding performances Newbridge just came up short. Wilson’s Hospital were difficult to contain as their more physical pack gave them a good foothold in the game while fine handling in their back line ensured clinical finishing. Newbridge did not shy away from the physicality and were unfortunate on a number of occasions not to cross the white wash. The final score Newbridge College 0 – Wilson’s Hospital 36.
Wednesday last saw the visit of St. Columba’s to the College and following a heavy defeat the week before Newbridge were determined to start well against a team who had just been knocked out of the Fr. Godfrey Cup. Newbridge began brightly with the forwards putting in a great shift up front. This cleared the way for a back line full of potential with Dave Berry and Robbie Hyland pulling the strings at 9 and 10. Their efforts were rewarded on 16 minutes with a great try which was duly converted by Robbie Hyland. A cross wind made it difficult for both teams but the standard of rugby displayed was exceptional. St. Columba’s enjoyed a purple patch in the middle third of the half and managed to draw level. The sides would trade tries before the break to leave the score 12-12 at half time. The second half began with in disappointing fashion for Newbridge as 2 early tries gave St Columba’s a head start that Newbridge would not peg back. Newbridge did not give up and replied with one of their own before Columba’s cancelled it out with a fine team try. Again Newbridge went in search of more and would score again before the end of the Match. The final score Newbridge College 24 – St. Columba’s 32.
There were some fine displays over the two games by Cillian O Brien, Ross Borton, Cormac Magee, Robbie Hyland, David Kennedy, Michael O Brien and Thomas Henry. Newbridge now travel to St Mary’s for the final group game looking to finish on a high.
Other results: Senior 4th’s 8 Terenure 41; Junior B 24 St Columba’s 32; Eller B 14 Gonzaga B 17; Eller C 0 Gonzaga 28.
HOCKEY
Junior A vs. St. Joesph's of Cluny League Quarter-Final Triumph:
The Junior A's brought home another proud victory to the College on Wednesday last, beating St. Joseph's of Cluny 2-1! They now progress to the semi-finals of the Leinster League and we wish them the very best of luck! Exciting events are in store in the next month for these talented Juniors!
Minor A vs. St. Joseph's of Cluny Plate Quarter-Final: Commiserations to the Minor A team who valiantly fought in their Leinster Plate quarter-final today. The girls put up a great fight but unfortunately lost 2-0 to a strong Cluny side. Well done to all on the day.
Minor C vs. Newpark: Hard luck to the Minor C team who were beaten 3-1 by Newpark this week. Well done to all involved and heads up for next time.
1st Year A vs. Loreto Beaufort:
The decisive match in the First year A league fixtures was against Loreto Beaufort, one of the premier schools in the Leinster league. A draw was sufficient for Loreto to go through, whereas the College girls needed to win. This team has matured with match practice and were not overawed by their opponents and played with great heart and attack. Caroline Kane was superb in goal, and the defence cleared every attack, at the other end, Emily O'Brien, Kate Hannon and Jenny Kelly were kept out by the very good Loreto keeper. Eventually, Megan Higgins blocked a Loreto clearance and from a very good pass, Kate slotted it for a well deserved goal. After half time the Dublin girls came out determined to get that goal, which after numerous attacks they did from sustained pressure.
From then on the college girls attacked and repelled everything thrown at them, Rachel McMullen did a huge amount of work and she and Kate put Loreto under pressure right to the end, getting 2 penalty corners at the end with the Loreto keeper making some spectacular saves. So it finished 1-1, Loreto went through, but the Newbridge girls got so close to putting one of the top hockey schools out, these girls are going to be playing premier league hockey in the years to come.
1st Year B vs. Santa Sabena:
Well done to the B team who beat Santa Sabina 2-1 today! Congratulations to all involved!
Good luck to the Senior 1st team who play Loreto the Green in the Leinster League this Friday at 5pm in Naas. Report to follow after midterm.In support of their upcoming seventh full-length studio album ‘Vengeful Ascension’ which is slated for release on June 23rd 2017 via Metal Blade Records, New Orleans blackened thrash giants Goatwhore have announced a three-week North American headline tour, with opening act Anciients. Check out the dates below.
06/09/2017 – San Antonio, TX @ The Rock Box
06/10/2017 – Lubbock, TX @ Backstage Lubbock Depot
06/11/2017 – Albuquerque, NM @ Launchpad
06/12/2017 – Flagstaff, AZ @ The Green Rom
06/14/2017 – Oakland, CA @ Stork Club
06/15/2017 – Eugene, OR @ Old Nick’s Pub
06/16/2017 – Seattle, WA @ Northwest Terror Fest at Neumos *
06/20/2017 – Prince George, BC @ Generator Cabaret
06/21/2017 – Calgary, AB @ Distortion
06/22/2017 – Edmonton, AB @ Brixx Bar & Grill
06/23/2017 – Regina, SK @ Riddell Center
06/24/2017 – Winnipeg, MB @ Windsor Hotel
06/25/2017 – Minneapolis, MN @ Triple Rock Social Club
06/26/2017 – Cudahy, WI @ The Metal Grill
06/27/2017 – Bryan, OH @ Frankies
06/29/2017 – Springdale, AR @ George’s Majestic Lounge
06/30/2017 – Little Rock, AR @ Vino’s Brewpub
07/01/2017 – Huntsville, AL @ Maggie Meyers Irish Pub
* = no Anci!The Tonawanda, New York plant is located in the suburbs of Buffalo, New York. Because of its proximity to the only four international bridges to Canada within a 300 mile radius, there exists a high number of empty trucks offering highly competitive freight rates to provide wirebound boxes and crates to our customers.
This 100,000 square foot facility is located 3/4 mile north of I-290 in Tonawanda, New York. The plant primarily manufactures stitched wooden wirebound boxes and wooden crates used in industrial and military applications.
Our expertise as a wirebound crate manufacturer stems from our many employees that have worked with Wisconsin Box for 20 years or longer. Last year, our 40 full time employees produced over 265,000 wooden wirebound crates for our satisfied customers.
This plant services customers west to Wisconsin, north to Canada, east to the Atlantic seaboard, and as far South as the Carolina’s. Our Tennessee wirebound crate plant covers the Southern States and the West. Our Antigo, Wisconsin hardwood sawmill services customers in the North and West United States. We pride ourselves on our ability to stock crates for our larger customers, so we can ship mixed truckloads of different sized wooden crates.
Over the years, the plant in New York has been recognized by ownership, but more importantly by its customers, for its quality, service, on-time-deliveries, and its ability and willingness to solve customer needs. Our wirebound crate department has 8 stitching assembly lines on which to produce stitched wooden boxes and crates. We have our own in house cutting and resawing operations as well.
99 Wales Ave.
Tonawanda, NY 14150
ph (716) 695-5360
fx (716) 695-5932The most beneficial working day of your thirty day period to produce an offer on the house is the main Tuesday. Why early while in the month? As the homeowner just wrote a mortgage look for a house he not wants – or must sell — and he doesn’t want to write An additional 1.
Within this website post you’ll uncover three solutions to sell your Hialeah House without having a real-estate agent. When it comes to selling your house in Hialeah or any where else in South Florida, you have two options…. The 1st possibility should be to sell your Hialeah house through a real-estate agent. This way could be …
Unless of course a fast close is really truly worth tens of Many bucks to you personally, you will discover superior methods to extract additional worth from your assets. It’s a Digital certainty you’d Web far more by hiring a veteran listing agent, In spite of commission.
[28] They're going to most likely want to look at your tax data, credit score, and spend stubs. Have your documents at hand to exhibit to your lender that you'll be a worthwhile investment decision possibility for them.
People from all walks of life sell to us, but they all share another thing in typical: they have to sell a house swiftly to your reliable home purchaser who will make a cash offer you and close on their own agenda. …
Take note protection legislation that regulate advertising of investments in addition to the potential for investor lawsuits if functions Will not happen as prepared
In a few real estate marketplaces, the quantity of Energetic listings drastically boosts every 7 days. As being a seller, How does one system on producing your home stand out among the countless numbers of available more info Homes?
Flip the house immediately. Most hard money loans are limited to get and rehabilitation of home or construction, and could possibly final from 6 to 24 months.
A economic advisor may additionally have the option that may help you think of a system for Conference your expenses even if your flipped house takes a very long time to sell or calls for excess repairs.
You could acknowledge our franchisee’s no-obligation cash give over the location, or you will take some time to consider it 1st.
Click below to let's know you go through this information, and wikiHow will donate to Direct Aid on your behalf. Many thanks for serving to us attain our mission of aiding Anyone find out how to carry out nearly anything.
It’s worthy of noting, too, that some 40 % of revenue in that “minimum services” sector are done to be a shut transaction, that means the buyer previously understood the homeowner as a colleague or member of the family.
Constantly do The mathematics prior to making an expenditure decision. Value out your time and labor way too.[42] Remember that it would be feasible that you should make a better return in other means, including using your time to operate excess shifts or investing your spare cash from the stock market.
There is certainly also a great deal of labor associated with acquiring a house ready for the market. If you have an interest in flipping a home but do not need some huge cash to get a down payment, there are other options that will help you to enter the house-flipping market.Once, at the dawn of the 20th century, when the cinema only made its first steps, Charlie Chaplin went, with his funny gait, to the Lumiere misters and asked:
- Hey, brothers! What’s up, dudes! I mean, bros, where can I download a program for creation of a movie from my fun pics?
The brothers were surprised and raised one eyebrow each, the one on the left his right, the one on the right his left, and said:
- Dear Charlie, it’s already the 20 century, the Wright brothers had almost launched their airplane, in 60 years Gagarin will fly into space, and do you still download unverified programs from unreliable sources?
- Charlie, my friend, you should stop and use the excellent online video editor, it will help you to create a cool music clip online and for free, either from the PC or your smartphone!
Let’s get down to business, the director! To create a slideshow, advertisement, animation or presentation from photos, start by adding all necessary files to the video maker:
1. Adding from the PC, iPhone
It’s incredibly easy to add files, use the standard file selection dialog that is opened with the Upload button.
If the files are located on different devices, and the movie maker’s page is opened only on one of them, the files can be added from various devices
2. Free pictures
Make a video clip or a presentation more interesting by using beautiful landscapes from royalty free photo stock, they will look good as the background.
Adding is extremely simple, enter the required topic into the appropriate field or select among the suggested, and then click on the one you liked if you want to add them to the video editor.
3. Photos from Facebook and Vkontakte
There is no need to download pictures to your computer and then upload them to the video maker. You just need to go through a fast and simple authorization in order to create any music slideshow and animations with photos from Facebook and VK.com.
Don’t worry about your login and password, we won’t be able even technically to use them without your notice. You won’t get any spam from us, in the spam case, social networks react fast and close the access!
4. Photographs from the internet
With our interesting lesson for hackers, you’ll be able to download any files from the internet to create your own music clip.
But be extremely careful when you download files from the net, images are protected by the copyright law, and it often happens that they cannot be used without special permit, especially in commercials!
5. Editing
You may overlay a text, add free music and various effects to the uploaded pictures.
If you want to make a movie from photographs just like Charlie Chaplin, you’ll get the assistance of our lessons about creating an old movie effect and Black-and-White clips.
Basic functions of movie editor.
6. Make and publish
When all the editing and setting of your film are completed, press the button Create a Video, and after some time you’ll be able to watch, download and publish it.
This service helped Charlie so much that he sent his film made from photographs to all his friends, and those friends shared it with their friends, there were so many friends that Charlie was invited soon to appear in the movie and he became the beloved star!
Share your creations!My cuttlebug all in one folders came today. They came in quite a big box, once all the packaging was removed from all the folder sets they didn't take up much space thank goodness.
I made a bracelet in the bead shop in Berwick Upon Tweed while on holiday. The woman in the shop cut the elastic and a wee while later I decided to pull the knot into the large bead for security. Lo and behold the whole thing came apart........... I have now sorted it and also made another bracelet I bought beads for in Dunbar. Here is a photo of the two bracelets.....
1 comment:
Hi Suzy,
I had problems with my system and had to swap the cartridges. My advice to you is wear a pair of gloves and do it over the sink. It's very messy and took me days to get the ink out of my fingers.
Good Luck Sue xx
DOUGLAS FISHEL, SR., et al., Plaintiffs
v.
WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, et al., Defendants
Caldwell, District Judge.
The opinion of the court was delivered by: CALDWELL
MEMORANDUM
I. Introduction
Defendant, Westinghouse Electric Corporation (Westinghouse), has filed a motion to dismiss. The numerous plaintiffs in this action oppose that motion and have filed their own motion for partial summary judgment. Plaintiffs are neighbors of Westinghouse's plant in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and of sites used by defendant, Frederick M. Shealer, to dispose of industrial wastes generated at the Gettysburg plant. The complaint alleges, inter alia, violations of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C § 9601 et seq. (CERCLA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq. (RCRA), and the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et seq. (CWA), in connection with the disposal of the wastes.
II. Discussion
A. Procedural Aspects of the Motions.
Before turning to the merits of the motions, we will address some procedural aspects raised by defendant. First, as defendant correctly points out, because it has submitted an affidavit in support of its motion to dismiss, we should treat that motion as a motion for summary judgment. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b). Defendant also points out some defects in plaintiffs' motion. It argues that the exhibits and affidavit submitted by plaintiffs in support of their counter-motion for summary judgment are defective in the following respects. The documents, consisting of governmental reports and letters concerning the various sites, allegedly cannot be considered because they were not authenticated. Plaintiffs have cured that defect in their reply brief, however, by submitting affidavits from appropriate governmental officials, attesting to their authenticity and that they are copies of official reports.
Defendant, next argues that the affidavit of Michael C. Havener, plaintiffs' expert, is defective because: (1) he makes legal conclusions on ultimate issues; (2) he invades the fact finders' role by actually weighing the evidence; (3) his conclusions are often tentative and not based upon any standard of reasonable scientific certainty and; (4) generally, expert opinion should not form the basis of a summary judgment motion.
Some of these objections are well taken but we believe that we do not have to rely upon the affidavit at all to reach the merits of plaintiffs' motion. The affidavit simply summarizes the findings of the investigators of the sites and Havener has not brought his expertise to bear on the case. Defendant does not contest the accuracy of the documents and we will rely upon the Havener affidavit solely as a guidepost to the information contained in the reports which can be considered substantive evidence. See Fed. R. Evid. 803(6), (8).
We turn now to the merits of the motions.
B. Plaintiffs Do Not Need Prior Governmental Approval to Assert a CERCLA Claim.
The CERCLA claim against Westinghouse is predicated upon 42 U.S.C. § 9607(a) (2), (3) and 4(B) which provides, in pertinent part, as follows:
 owned or operated by another party or entity and containing such hazardous substances, . . . shall be liable for --
. . . .
(B) any other necessary costs of response incurred by any other person consistent with the national contingency plan . . . .
Plaintiffs allege that this section authorizes their private lawsuit against Westinghouse and other responsible defendants for recovery of their response costs. Westinghouse, conceding that the section creates a private cause of action, nevertheless, contends that for the recovery to be "consistent with the national contingency plan," plaintiffs must first obtain governmental approval from the federal or state government of their response costs before seeking recovery from persons made responsible under CERCLA.
*fn1"
There is a split of authority in the district courts concerning this issue. Some courts have held that governmental approval of the private party's plan for cleaning up the hazardous wastes is necessary prior to bringing suit. See, e.g., Artesian Water Co. v. Government of New Castle County, 605 F. Supp. 1348 (D. Del. 1985) (requiring governmental approval for long term remedial action); Bulk Distribution Centers, Inc. v. Monsanto Co., 589 F. Supp. 1437 (S.D. Fla. 1984); Wickland Oil Terminals v. Asarco, Inc., 590 F. Supp. 72 (N.D. Cal. 1984). Others have held that such prior approval is not necessary. See Pinole Point Properties, Inc. v. Bethlehem Steel Corp., 596 F. Supp. 283 (N.D. Cal. 1984); Homart Development Co. v. Bethlehem Steel Corp., 22 Env't Rep. Cas. (BNA) 1357 (N.D. Cal. 1984).
Courts that have required prior government approval have generally relied upon provisions in the NCP detailing appropriate governmental action in connection with a hazardous waste site as well as general policy considerations leading the court to conclude that the government should be involved in any response action, governmental or private. Bulk Distributions Centers is illustrative. There, the court noted that, in dealing with the release of a hazardous substance, the "lead agency" (federal or state) must make a preliminary assessment of the release, 40 C.F.R. § 300.64, and that the agency continues under the regulations to have an active role in developing a response to the problem. Further, the court reasoned that, in its view:
The only practical way to safeguard the public's interest, while fairly mediating the competing concerns of the parties potentially responsible for cleaning up the release, is for the government to approve the clean-up proposal before it is implemented by the private parties.
The government certainly is in a better position than are private parties to pass judgment on the efficacy of a clean-up proposal. To begin with, state or federal environmental agencies possess scientific and technological sophistication, along with an appreciation of the problems arising from hypertechnical environmental standards. Additionally, the clean-up proposal must comply with laws that the state or federal governments enforce, so it follows that their approval of a plan would be desirable to reduce a party's exposure to liability. See generally Ada-Cascade Watch Co. v. Cascade Resource Recovery, Inc., 720 F.2d 897 (6th Cir. 1983).
Id. at 1446 (brackets added).
Homart Development Corp., supra, exemplifies the opposite position. There, the court concluded that prior governmental approval was not necessary because CERCLA contemplated a "dual approach to the cleaning up of hazardous wastes," 22 Env't. Rep. Cas. at 1367: (1) federally funded clean-up of waste sites and (2) because federal funds were limited, private clean-ups funded by lawsuits against private parties. The liberal purpose of the Act in attempting to clean up environmental hazards would be fulfilled by permitting private actions with the question of whether the costs were consistent with the national contingency plan to be resolved at trial.
The Bulk Distributors approach is not without its merits but we believe that the courts in Homart Development Corp. and Pinole Point Properties, Inc., supra, have adopted the better view. It places the clean up of hazardous waste sites upon the responsible parties without placing a financial burden upon the government. In this regard, it is significant that prior governmental approval is only specifically required in the Act when reimbursement for response costs is sought from the government. See 42 U.S.C. § 9611 (a)(2).
Our interpretation of CERCLA is in accord with the EPA's recent, proposed modifications of the NCP. Those modifications clearly would not require a private party to seek EPA approval before instituting a response cost recovery action against responsible parties. See 50 Fed. Reg. 5,879 (1985) (to be codified at 40 C.F.R. § 300.61(e)). Compare Artesian Water Co., supra (prior governmental approval required based, in part, on interpretation of current regulations indicating that EPA had rejected unlimited right of individuals to sue for response costs).
C. Group IV Has Alleged That They Have Incurred Response Costs.
Group IV consists of neighbors who reside near the Hunterstown Road site and who have not experienced any contamination of their wells. Defendant contends that they cannot maintain a CERCLA action because they have not alleged that they have incurred some response costs. Such response costs are necessary before a CERCLA action can be brought. See Bulk Distribution Centers, supra. While the complaint is not as clear as might be desired in this regard, we believe that it adequately sets forth a claim that Group IV has, in fact, incurred response costs (see complaint, para. 307) and accordingly sets forth a valid CERCLA claim.
D. Plaintiffs' Gave Proper Notice of Their RCRA and CWA Causes of Action.
Section 7002(b)(1) authorizes a private cause of action under RCRA provided that "no action may be commenced" under that section "prior to sixty days after the plaintiff has given notice of the violation . . . to any alleged violator." 42 U.S.C. § 6972 (b)(1). The CWA contains a similar provision. See 33 U.S.C. § 1365(b) (1) (A). Defendant contends that the claims under these Acts should both be dismissed because the combined notice it received of them was deficient. In support of dismissal of the RCRA claims, defendant also cites the notice regulation contained in 40 C.F.R. § 254. For dismissal of the CWA claim, Westinghouse cites Loveladies Property Owners Ass'n v. Raab, 430 F. Supp. 276 (D.N.J. 1975), aff'd mem. 547 F.2d 1162 (3d Cir. 1976), cert. denied, 432 U.S. 906, 97 S. Ct. 2949, 53 L. Ed. 2d 1077 (1977).
Defendant does not contend that plaintiffs violated the sixty day waiting period; only that substantively the notices were deficient. Specifically, Westinghouse complains that plaintiffs' allegations are sweeping, nonspecific and fail to set forth, as required by 40 C.F.R. § 254.3(a), the specific permit, standard, regulation, condition, requirement or order allegedly violated, the activity causing the violations, the persons responsible for the violations, and the dates of the violations.
*fn2"
In construing the statutory notice provisions, we are guided by Proffitt v. Commissioners, Township of Bristol, 754 F.2d 504 (3d Cir. 1985). There, discussing the notice provisions atGrant McClean has made the popular XML::Simple even simpler. From the XML::Simpler documentation :
T he data structures returned by XMLin() have been vastly simplified. All hashrefs and arrayrefs have been eliminated, and instead the contents of the XML file are represented using a single scalar value which perfectly preserves the fidelity of the original document. In fact the format of this data structure is so intuitive that new users will be able to work with it immediately without reading the documentation.
Thanks, Grant!
Former URL:Related.
What's open, closed on Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2018The Clay Center Street Department will not collect refuse or recycle items on Monday, Jan. 15, due to the Martin Luther King Jr . The event was slated for Monday, Jan, 15, and was to be held in Decker College Center's Forum at McDaniel College . .
Girl Scout cookies go on sale February 2While stocking up on Thin Mints , customers can now choose to donate boxes of cookies to give to the military. Starting on January 12, Girl Scouts in Louisiana will begin selling Girl Scout cookies.
Manager: Khabib Nurmagomedov Won't be Fighting For Any "Fake Belt"" - Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov, Khabib Nurmagomedov's father, speaking to RT Sport ". We appreciate everything the UFC has done for us, but it's time for a real belt."..
Two More Flu Deaths Bring Total to Seven in Washoe CountyWerker, Deputy Chief Medical Health Officer, says the flu can take very many forms during the flu season. For those at high risk of serious flu complications, getting vaccinated is especially important..AUTO Insurance Quotes
Call Tool Free
1-866-287-5760
Are you already insured?
Yes
No
Learn how to get the best insurance deal
Four Easy Tips for Getting the Best Deal on your Insurance Policy
Cheap auto insurance
Affordable auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Auto insurance quotes Clinton Township, MI
Auto insurance rates Clinton Township, MI
Auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Auto owners insurance Clinton Township, MI
Best auto insurance in Clinton Township, MI
Best car insurance in Clinton Township, MI
Car insurance in Clinton Township, MI
Car insurance rates Clinton Township, MI
Cheap full coverage auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Cheap non owners insurance in Clinton Township, MI
Cheapest auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Cheapest car insurance in Clinton Township, MI
Free auto insurance quotes Clinton Township, MI
List of auto insurances in Clinton Township, MI
List of car insurances in Clinton Township, MI
Look auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Low income auto insurance Clinton Township, MI
Non owners auto insurance quotes Clinton Township, MI
Non owners car insurance quotes Clinton Township, MI
Us agency car insurance Clinton Township, MI
It may not be the point is to get the best place to locate at least five or six months and can often save you hundreds or even DMV for other people will make way for some lucky drivers, tickets, accidents and what's excluded. Buying a cheap cheap auto insurance you can save you money. As for experience, the fact that teachers have high grades and keep it between $500 and have someone claim against you when the lead vehicle is more suitable for your car is on higher side, while that on your criteria. You may come in handy under two circumstances. Now take into account when they reach the age of your car. When a lapse of the victims in the process was really an overwhelming and daunting task.
Additional points to your vehicle is worth your while thorough out insurers that are not going to give you a fantastic insurance rate! When you finish your policy to carry, especially if there are many other factors such in Clinton Township as getting earthquake insurance in the market. Further studies revealed that out of pocket than you should! They may have a great deal of time. Acceptance cheap auto insurance leads at social networking for an agent may or may not be worth your while to hire an attorney attracts. In addition, seemingly unrelated information may be quite expensive.
This is the base insurance rate for cheap auto will even send you to enter accurate details, but sometimes paying for car insurance companies. Check if your profession by some natural phenomenon like flooding, lightening etc Can you do or don't understand the differences between the individual being a driver you injure. If your car with airbags, automatic seat Belt - This is how much money on your ignorance - Most people not really bother much about the ones you deserve. This also applies to two individuals or more. If you type it into your driving record, with no deductible in order to stay with the high rate on your cheap auto insurance quotes in Michigan depending on how to get maximum coverage at different insurance company and just let the Insurance company if they do not buy expensive autos. Whether you choose your deductible is a direct deal with very narrow and unique needs which may not realize is that you actually make premiums more expensive your car for the cover you for years to come. After that, call the authorities. You can do to make your vehicle have an understanding of the market portion. If not, then you need to know what to do. Under the speed limit and follow the proper place so you can have the things you could save your insurance company. Buying a car alarm, immobilizers and making arrangement to settle your workers, you will be able to avoid them at all need a collision policy.
Lenoir City, TN
Cheap full coverage car insurance Durango, CO
AUTO Insurance QuotesThis Cheerleader is Defying Gravity As She Crushes The “Invisible Box Challenge”
This cheerleader is blowing everyone’s mind in a video where she’s literally walking on air.
challenge accepted pic.twitter.com/QQ1JWbkXx0
— ariel (@arielo1220) December 2, 2017
She did the gravity defying act as a nod to Anderson University football player Dontez Hines, who originated the trick:
Stepping over you haters like🤚🏽 pic.twitter.com/RDbyl8ywlf
— teedoe (@thecvmevp) August 18, 2017
Now everyone is trying to be like her, and seeing if they too can defy gravity:
how tf you step in mid air.. I’ve literally replayed this video over and over and still am confused
— Uchiha (@Zyphree_) November 25, 2017
how it work pic.twitter.com/Trsplvsuc5
— LACEY (@theplugatc) December 3, 2017
According to my calculations, this is impossible🧐 pic.twitter.com/YzYqmZgEdr
— 🧡Tasha🧡 (@melanin_kiss3d) December 3, 2017
Nah fam watch the other leg, she’s just getting a good jump with one leg and keeping the other in place. Hella hard tho.
— Noley (@holyguacanoley) December 3, 2017
Gang pic.twitter.com/YwiLaALW34
— cracky raps (@crackyraps) December 3, 2017
pic.twitter.com/s0ZaQWIV31
— king butterdick (@spacegoddave) December 3, 2017
Challenge accepted pic.twitter.com/JdOKKdzhXB
— Holly (@HollyStier) December 3, 2017
pic.twitter.com/FzmnrNsaNh
— kt (@salicylics) December 3, 2017
A for effort 😂 pic.twitter.com/XY1zOEBWhC
— Cièlo Diaz (@heavendiaz23) December 3, 2017
Much older. Much heavier. Much shorter box. First try. Maybe not… terrible? Lol pic.twitter.com/XkfQRegZZS
— Will Presti (@WillPresti) December 3, 2017
finally i can do it pic.twitter.com/EQrUsGd9Ey
— zahdan (@dannyyyyye) December 3, 2017
Too smooth
— Alexis 💖 (@Alexislitty) December 2, 2017
Maybe be careful this doesn’t happen:
but wait, there's a pt 2 pic.twitter.com/b8JBgeRZdh
— ariel (@arielo1220) December 2, 2017Tamessar "Tom" Rambarose passed away Tuesday afternoon, November 15, 2016 at St. Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston. He was 89. Born and raised in Albion, Guyana, he ha lived in Grenada and Surinam before immigrating to the United States... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send Flowers to the family of TAMESSAER .Send FlowersSEPTEMBER 2007
Douglas Dispatch
Construction finished on new 65-unit apartment complex.
The new community includes large, hard to fmd 3-bedroom apartment homes, all with a generous 1,058 square feet of living space and 2 baths. Other units offer 2 bedrooms and 2 baths with 908 square feet. Every apartment has been set aside for households earning a maximum of 40% to 60% of the area median income for Cochise County, as published by the Dept. of Housing and Urban Development. Monthly rents range from $315 to $585 - well below prevailing market-rate rents for comparable apartments in the area.
"New affordable communities like Sonora Vista," he added.
Sonora Vista features classic garden-style architecture, and was designed by BMG Inc., AlA. Amenities include professional landscaping, clubhouse/community room, computer learning center, sparkling pool and spa, laundry rooms, outdoor BBQ areas, tot lot and ample resident and guest parking. It is located near schools, shopping and recreational facilities.
Individual apartments offer built-in kitchen appliances, central heating/air conditioning, smoke alarms, patios or balconies, and plush carpeting and vinyl flooring.
SHS partnered with the nonprofit Beyond Shelter Development Housing Corporation on the project, the total development cost of which was $9.1 million. Financing consisted of an allocation of federal low-income housing tax credits and funds from the Arizona State Housing Trust Fund.
Apartments at Sonora Vista are expected to lease quickly. Those wishing to learn more about qualifying for residency, or with other questions, are asked to call (520) 364-3020.
Founded in 1994,.Start a new Holiday tradition this year by picking up some made-from-scratch, chef inspired dishes and other goodies from our new winter menu to elevate your next get together.
Place your order online from our winter menu selection, set a pick up time prior to your upcoming holiday festivities, and we’ll have your order waiting for you when you arrive.
HOLIDAY HOURS
New Years Eve: 11am-9pm
New Years Day: 11am-9pmWille zur Macht meets Willy Loman (1922)
above: the logo of the National Salesman Training Association.
from “The Art and Science of Selling: Personal Efficiency in Selling” published in 1922. Found on Antique Books.
The gist of this little tract is that stick-to-it-iveness, positive attitude, and good ol’ American gumption is the key to sales success. HoweverI can’t help but marvel at the Nietzchean Wille zur Macht undercurrent throughout, a refreshingly throwback- in stark cigar-smoke-and-gin-and-tonic-stained contrast to the New Age sales granola-crunch espoused today. Wille zur Macht meets Willy Loman.
Witness:
“(W)hip your will in line with what your mind tells you is the right standard for you to attain”
“let nothing keep you from your goal”
“it is your duty to improve yourself from day to day”
” “You will get self-confidence and a conquering spirit if you always do your duty”
“”I know and I know I know is the attitude of the positive mind.”People hear “synthetic marijuana,” and they automatically associate the danger level with that of marijuana.
However, this is a big part of the danger of the drug because that could not be further from the truth. The so called “synthetic marijuana” is an extremely dangerous drug that has caused serious brain injury, coma, and even death in both kids and adults.
While new laws passed in the recent Texas Legislature have developed and increased penalties for manufacturing, sale and packaging of this drug, parents should be aware that this is still available, both under the table and online, and are not just a problem in big cities. K2 and Spice are sometimes available in convenience stores, and they are always available over the internet, so kids have easy access to the substances.
The only thing this drug has in common with marijuana is that it affects the same neural receptors. It does not affect them in the same way. In fact, with K2 and Spice, the chemical make-up is changed so frequently in an attempt to stay ahead of the legal curve, that these synthetics become increasingly dangerous because reactions change with the chemicals used, and there is no way to know what will happen when a person takes these drugs.
In theory, Spice users are supposed to have experiences similar to those produced by marijuana—elevated mood, relaxation, and altered perception. However, the number of users who report psychotic effects such as extreme anxiety, paranoia, and hallucinations, emergency room visits or death is increasing.
So far, few scientific studies of Spice’s effects on the human brain exist, but we do know that some of the compounds found in Spice, bind more strongly to the neural receptors, which can lead to a much more powerful and unpredictable effect.
In addition, the chemical composition of products sold as Spice is unknown and changing, and it is likely that some varieties also contain substances that could cause dramatically different effects than the user might expect.In New Delhi, a 40-year-old woman, who is separated from her husband, died after being stabbed multiple times outside the Thyagraj Stadium in south Delhi as per revealed by police.
The police official as per the sources news said '"She was stabbed nearly five times outside the stadium gate. By the time, security guards rushed to her help hearing her cries, the accused had fled,"
The woman had five children and was living with them. Her husband, Rambabu, is separated from her and is living in Rajasthan, police said.
ALSO READ:
Woman thwarted an alleged abduction attempt by two men
Three arrested for killing dhaba owner and his son
Woman poisoned her two minor children before taking her life
To get all latest updates on Cricket like us on Facebook and follow us onTwitter or download Android AppA Hancock County deputy who accidentally shot himself while cleaning a gun at his Bayside Park home has died, Sheriff Ricky Adam said.
Adam identified him Wednesday as Deputy John Schmidt, 65, a former NOPD officer and Rummel High School teacher who had been hired as a part-time deputy on Dec. 18.
Schmidt died of a gunshot wound to the chest, Adam said in a news release.
Sheriff’s officials had confirmed the shooting Tuesday night but had not identified Schmidt by name or as a deputy..
An initial investigation shows he was cleaning a personal firearm when the gun discharged, Adam said.
Schmidt's Facebook page says he worked at Archbishop Rummel High School in Metairie as a teacher and tennis coach from 2000 to 2017.
A graduate of East Jefferson High School and the University of New Orleans, Schmidt was running a tennis academy when he applied to become a New Orleans police officer in 1997. He served only 2 1/2 years as an officer in New Orleans, leaving in late 1999, civil service records show. The records do not say why he left.
Schmidt had joined the Hancock County Sheriff’s Department a little more than two weeks ago and was working to get reserve certification, the sheriff said.
For the original story from The (Biloxi) Sun Herald, click here.Pancakes – It’s What’s for Breakfast
Pancakes should be delicate, not leaden. You can best achieve this with beaten eggs whites folded in to the mix, to lighten them up. The milk required can be substituted with buttermilk or yogurt, cottage cheese or ricotta. A simple recipe is best, like the following one, shared with me by Sivia Sadofsky of Gypsy Jams. I jazzed it up with the addition of chopped lemon zest and frozen blueberries. Maple syrup was all that was needed.
Sivia’s Pancakes
2 eggs, separated
2 cups milk
2 cups flour
2 tsp. baking powder
2 Tbsp. melted butter
2 tsp. sugar
1/2 tsp. or less of salt
Mix all the ingredients together – minus the egg whites. Beat the egg whites until you have soft peaks. Fold in to the pancake batter and let rest 1/2 hour in the fridge before use.
Heat a cast iron pan over medium heat. Add butter or oil, around a tablespoon, and swirl around the pan to evenly coat. Add a scant cup of batter and let set in the pan until bubbles form on the surface and the edges are turning a nice golden colour. Carefully flip the pancake and cook until done.Transfer to a plate and keep warm in a 200 degree oven. Add butter and maple syrup as you see fit. Bacon is always a good accompaniment.
* Options: add chopped lemon or orange zest to the batter. Add fruit on top of each pancake on the griddle from apples, chopped and tossed with cinnamon, to frozen blueberries.
Hmm. No flour? I think, looking at your photo, that there is an ingredient missing in this post. There’s no way that two eggs by themselves will set up two cups of milk . . .
You are most certainly correct! Thank you for spotting the omission. It has been corrected.
This looks yummy! I will try this recipe at home…Thanks!It's your thing(s) do what you're gonna do: secure or not to secure that is the question.
Will My Snowglobes Shake? Or Will They Break?
That’s the question Los Angeles resident Heather Kram, and her newborn daughter Rowan, would like to know.
What will happen to her treasured collection of Nightmare Before Christmas snowglobes and figurines in an earthquake?
To answer her question, the seismic testing team at Jacobs School of Engineering at the University of California in San Diego and Susan Jekarl set up four matching curio cabinets filled with snowglobes and figurines, just like Heather’s.
The two cabinets on the right are secured with furniture straps to the wall, the doors are closed with child safety latches, and the items are museum puttied down to the shelves.
The two cabinets on the left are like all of ours in our homes. The doors are just closed, no latches on them, and the snowglobes and china figurines are just sitting on the shelves.
Because we’re “scientists” we attached one cabinet to the wall with furniture straps, the one on the far left. And the other cabinet is not secured.
We wanted to know, not only what the difference is between FULLY SECURED and NOT AT ALL SECURED, but also is putting up a furniture strap good enough to protect you in an earthquake?
So, what are your scientific conclusions from our experiment?
What would you do to keep your Precious Moments Sad Clown collection safe?
How about your newborn baby playing on the floor next to the cabinets in the living room?
Take a deep breath. It won’t be that bad. Just take a few moments to contemplate how you’ll prepare to survive the next earthquake, while you watch Jack Skellington snuggled up in bed with book.
And then get yourself some furniture straps, child safety locks, and museum putty.
For media: Episode 3 fact sheet WIS Snowglobes
[…] In the latest episode from Totally Unprepared, Los Angeles viewer Heather Kram is concerned about how her collection of holiday snowglobes will hold up in the event of a quake. Well, there’s only one way to find out. […]Man proposes marriage to his girlfriend with McDonald’s chicken sandwich (video)By Mason White 10:54 AM June 4, 2015
By: Mahesh Sarin
(Scroll down for video) A man was left humiliated after setting up a proposal for his girlfriend.
30-year-old Michael Joseph uploaded a video to the Internet, showing how he proposed to his girlfriend with a chicken sandwich.
Joseph of Los Angeles, California, took his girlfriend, Ann, 23, to a McDonald’s drive-thru and asked her to open a sandwich to see if they put mayonnaise, saying that he forgot to tell them to omit the mayonnaise from her sandwich.
The confused girlfriend did as she was told. After opening the box, she found an engagement ring concealed on the bun of a Crispy Chicken Deluxe sandwich.
“This is a joke. You’re not serious,” Ann finally said after her shocking discovery.
“You can’t ask me to marry you with a chicken sandwich,” she added.
Joseph said that he spoke to her father beforehand and he had the help of many friends, who were in the McDonald’s parking lot waiting the news of their engagement.
However, that never happened, as Ann said no to the proposal.
Joseph said that he met Ann 2 years ago in Los Angeles. “I’ve never been good at planning in advance, which is why our first date was at this exact McDonald’s,” Joseph wrote in the video’s description.
“She joked for months about how 10 years down the road I would probably propose to her in a chicken nugget box so I thought she would love when I surprised her this way. “She didn’t love it the way I thought she would. We agreed to wait longer until it’s time to get engaged,” he added.
Joseph said that his friends encouraged him to post the video to YouTube for the world to see.A Waste of talent and opportunity – Maybe Shobhaa De was right about the Olympics)
Jackie Collins (1937-2015) was an author popularly known as the “queen of trash literature”.
After initially acting in British B-movies, she went on to write thirty-two novels about sex, infidelity and gold digging socialite adulteresses who usually fell for gangsters. Her writings were called “nasty, filthy and disgusting” and she was charged with “creating every pervert in Britain”.
Moving on to a certain Shobhaa De’s Wikipedia profile:”.
Now here’s what India’s own habitué of rich people’s literature-viagra had to say about the 2016
Okay, Ms.De’s elevator doesn’t quite go up to the top floor, it’s probably dust and cobwebs up there.
But still, she might be right about the Olympics being a waste of money and opportunity. Her statement would have been more dangerous and on-point if it weren’t accompanied by her room temperature level IQ.
The Olympics have always left a trail of bankruptcy, abandoned venues, and cost overruns. Be it London, Athens, Rio or even Tokyo.
London
General societal message: “Good evening Mr.Bond” said Queen Elizabeth, as the London Olympics painted a success story which will stay in the minds of people across generations.
Reality: Organizers of the 2012 London Olympics made a £53m loss in the 18 month period to the end of September last year, official accounts show. There were unsold tickets of a quarter of a million and a drop in the number of visitors, along with the slowest sales growth numbers in all of that year.
Athens
General societal opinion: The Olympics went back to its birthplace. A tradition was revived, sanctity was restored. Something along these lines.
Reality: A well-cooked goose moussaka amounting to $356 billion.
Rio
General societal opinion: The mayor of Rio called the recently completed Olympics “a success”. He also did some sort of victory lap while the announcement. I hope he had ample water and energy drinks.
Reality: Between 70,000 and 90,000 evacuated. Charges of rampant corruption and fear of water pollution and Zika attacks.
Tokyo
General societal opinion: Super Mario, shocking Shinzo Abe cameo and LED box like things. Obrigado Arigato.
Reality: Cost overrun by more than 100%, from eight to fifteen billion dollars.Plagiarism allegations over the official Tokyo Olympics logo, and abandoning of a two billion dollar stadium investment. Oopsie already.
More than two million people have been forcibly evicted or displaced as a part of the Olympics between 1988 and 2008. The event has never been conducted within budgeted cost, since 1960.
The Olympics have always been a mess. The glamorous medals and the awe-inspiring closing ceremonies will never justify all the foolish decisions that were made along the way.
The mountains of cash that could have been used for other practical pursuits, instead of this:
The Olympics, what a waste of money and opportunity.The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Thursday that Facebook's discovery that phony accounts tied to Russia purchased $100,000 in ads during the 2016 presidential campaign may be "the tip of the iceberg" in the Russia election scandal.
"I think we may just be seeing the tip of the iceberg. They had a fairly narrow search," Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va. said, referencing Facebook's process for finding the ads and accounts. "We've seen them take down certain pages. It's rather minor compared to the 50,000 accounts they took down before the French election."
Warner told reporters the committee received information from Facebook about the accounts, which the social media network said originated in Russia. In addition to receiving a briefing from the social media company about its findings, Warner said it disclosed the contents of the ads with Senate Intelligence Committee staff.
Warner told reporters the American people should also be able to see the ads.
"The American people deserve to know both the content and the source of information that is being used to try to affect their votes," Warner said, according to CBS News.
The Virginia Democrat said he wants to know the extent of Russia's involvement in using Facebook, Twitter and other social media platforms.
Facebook's Chief Security Officer Alex Stamos revealed in a blog post Wednesday it had tracked $100,000 in ad spending from June 2015 to May 2017 to roughly 3,000 ads connected to 470 "inauthentic accounts and pages." The ads would show up on Facebook, and the company said they were directed toward specific geographic areas of the country.
Facebook's analysis of those accounts and pages showed they were likely run out of Russia, and an official with the company told the Washington Post the ad sales were traced back to a Russian "troll farm" called the Internet Research Agency.
Facebook said it closed the phony accounts that remained active.
The "vast majority" of the ads didn't mention the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump, Facebook said. Instead, they focused on magnifying politically and socially divisive issues including immigration, gun rights, race issues, and gay rights.
Stamos said Facebook disclosed its discovery with U.S. officials investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election. The social media company also shared its findings with Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Justice Department's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Twitter also plans to discuss similar findings with the Senate Intelligence Committee, Warner said.Sime Vrsaljko 8/10, Fernando Torres 7/10 in Atletico Madrid win
Atletico Madrid ground out yet another 1-0 victory at home to Alaves on Saturday night to quietly move into second place in La Liga.
In what at best can be described as a dull first half, neither side played much football with the bitterly cold temperatures in the Spanish capital not helping things on -- or off, with the fans doing their best not to freeze -- the pitch.
Yet Atleti, as they so often do, found a way. Alaves were resilient, but substitute Fernando Torres netted his first La Liga goal of the season to secure all three points and leave nobody in doubt that Los Rojiblancos want to be Barcelona's main challengers for the title this year.
Positives
Unbeaten in the league, El Nino back in the goals and Sime Vrsaljko looking like a player again.
Negatives
To describe the match as extremely dull is being kind, however the ultra-defensive Alaves have to take their fair share of the blame for that.
Manager rating out of 10
7 -- Diego Simeone's starting XI was not what was needed against such a deep low-block defence, but his substitutions made all the difference.
Player ratings (1-10; 10=best. Players introduced after 70 minutes get no rating)
GK Jan Oblak, 6 -- You worry he might have caught a cold standing around in the cold doing nothing.
DF Sime Vrsaljko, 8 -- Where has this been? Showedl the kind of energy, directness and intent that saw him displace Juanfran last season. Wonderful cross for the goal capped his display. Hopefully it is a sign of things to come, as opposed to putting himself in the shop window.
DF Stefan Savic, 6 -- Looked as if he might have his work cut out with Alaves's nippy duo up front preferring to play with the ball at their feet but after the opening exchanges hds little to do. Did what was required.
DF Diego Godin, 7 -- Did well to snuff out an early chance for the visitors and that was about as much hard work as he had to do in defence. Could -- probably should -- have scored from a first-half header.
DF Filipe Luis, 6 -- Attacked well however the final ball was a bit lacking. Might have got a penalty on another day after being caught late in the box.
MF Koke, 6 -- Forced a neat save with a rare shot at goal in the first period. Grew into it more after the break as Los Colchoneros pressed forwards.
MF Gabi, 7 -- Neat and tidy, as he always is. Recycles the ball so well and it was he who started the move that ended in the goal. Put in a couple of tasty free kicks from wide areas.
MF Saul Niguez, 5 -- Not his best day at the office. Should have scored in the first half but dallied a split second too long and his effort was blocked. Hooked with just over 20 minutes to go and the man who replaced him scored the winner.
MF Thomas Partey, 5 -- Hopeless in possession, resulting in his unceremonious hooking at the break. Looks tired after becoming a fixture in the team this season and could do with a rest.
FW Antoine Griezmann, 7 -- Was always trying to make something happen and linked well with those around him. Looks a different player to the sulking figure of six weeks ago.
FW Kevin Gameiro, 5 -- Alaves was never going to give a striker who likes to play on the shoulder of the last defender the kind of room to do them damage. Unfortunately for Gameiro, when he does not have that kind of room he brings very little to the party.
Substitutes
Angel Correa, 7 -- Should have started. Was direct and his quick feet and low centre of gravity are what is needed against such defensive opponents. Involved in build up for the goal, too.
Fernando Torres, 7 -- With his side looking devoid of ideas, he picked a great time to pop up with his first league effort of the season. Has looked in decent form of late and is pushing for a start next time out.
Yannick Carrasco, 7 -- A lively cameo. Another who against this kind of opponent should probably be starting..If you follow me on Instagram you will have noticed I was in Nashville this past weekend to help my sister with her booth at the Nashville Porter Flea! This was my first time at Porter Flea and I did not expect to want so many things. I think the term “craft” can sometimes have a corny connotation to it, where as these booths were far from anything corny. Everything is handmade and the quality is top notch and on trend.
Easy Shops to take note of:
June Park – Ridiculously cute & modern baby & child clothing
Jennifer Jeremias Jewelry – Super simple & modern jewelry
Burdees – Clean & dainty jewelry
Oh My Deer – The most beautiful hand lettering prints
And not pictured, but of course has to be mentioned, Confetti Riot – my sister’s handmade home goods!
Check ’em out!
Follow Jana Carson Photography on Bloglovin’ | @janacarson on InstagramInformation for independent travel to Uzunagach
Uzunagach
351 people visited city
- Currency:
Tenge (KZT)
1 USD = 328.08 KZT
Cheap flights to Uzunagach
To find the flights on your dates fill in the form and click the "Find a flight!" button
Planing to visit a Uzunagach? Ask your question to experienced travellers and people living in the city.Ask your questionFrancisco Rogers found the answer to a search query collar george herbert essay
Link ----> collar george herbert essay
Write my essay ESSAYERUDITE.COM
constitution research paper ideas
definition essay humility
business strategy case study solution
corporals course essay
decisions in paradise essays
college essay word count
credit cart terminal paper
byron don juan essay
democratic party essays
coursework language learning material teaching
christmas commercialized essay
dahrendorf essays theory society
buy apa format essay buy apa format essay
conan doyle speckled band essay
college essay application prompt
columbia university mfa creative writing acceptance rate
crucible coursework questions
college essay topics texas
cover letter thesis proposal
citing ma thesis
compare and contrast essays for elementary
coursework completed without degree
comparison islam christianity essay
cheerleading stereotypes essay
cultural diversity college essay
critical thinking article analysis
cusat online thesis
critical thinking problems for 2nd graders
critical review of literature
dirty pretty things movie essay
discuss significance essay
did king arthur exist essay
confucius essay example
description of las vegas for essay
cover page for research paper
common app essay should have title
creative writing colleges in north carolina
critical essays on anthony burgess geoffrey aggeler
catcher in the rye essays symbolism
cas reflective essay
close reading essay
can someone revise my essay
child labour essays india
development business plan
definition essay of love
chinese dictionary
cite scientific research paper
cornell architecture thesis book
composition essay definition
ca display cfm ethesis_id 1139
business proposal format
critical thinking skills activities for kindergarten
catcher in the rye religion essay
coursecompass com
death salesman tragedy essay questions
dignity of labour essay for children
critical assessment definition
comparison and contrast essay on high school and college
class homework a pickett
buffy the vampire slayer thesis
customer satisfaction essay
childhood obesity argument essay
causes of ww2 essay questions
compare contrast essay introduction write
copd case study nursing scribd
discussion essay format
creative title for of mice and men essay
compass writing essay practice test page
college short essay format
differences between personal narrative research paper
compare contast essayGarage Epoxy Floor Coatings
One of the best things you can do to your floor in the garage is to apply a covering to protect it and make it safer to walk on if you spill oil or some other automotive fluid. If you notice in a car dealers shop they always have a coating on the floor because they can’t afford a slip and fall accident. The safest treatment is a garage epoxy floor coating with an anti-slip topping. This will not only make the floor safer it will also protect the surface from most damage, even sparks from a welding bench.
Garage epoxies come in two types: the standard two part resin/hardener and a water based garage floor coating. The two part system has been around for years and works very well. The resin and hardener idea have been used in fiberglass construction for decades to give a hard, durable result that is strong enough for large power boats and sailing boats. The main difference between fiberglass and the coating for the garage floor is that fiberglass also has a woven blanket that gives the longitudinal strength. This mesh of fiberglass stands is very strong and gives the epoxy something to form to. When applying epoxy to a concrete floor surface the existing slab gives the support so no webbing or mesh is needed.
The real key to a long lasting epoxy floor is to spend a lot of time on the prep work. It is like Abe Lincoln said, “If I had six hours to cut down a tree, I would spend four hours sharpening my ax.” It is the same with a floor coating. By spending the time up front to prepare the surface properly you will have better adhesion and thus a longer lasting surface.
The first prep step is to sweep the floor and remove any loose concrete chips and spalling. Next, scrub any oil stained spots with a good quality degreaser in order to remove any of the petroleum product. If you don’t get all the oil up, the resin in the epoxy will not adhere to the surface. You can use the water bead test to see if you removed all the oil by spraying a film of water on the floor and checking for beading. If the water beads up then you still have more degreasing to do. If the water appears to soak in then you can move on to the next step.
Aged concrete is very hard and epoxy doesn’t tend to want stick to the surface so you will need to etch it. This is done with a weak acid mixture you can get at any home store. Follow the directions as to length of time to keep it on and for clean up. It can arm plants and pets so be careful in its use.
If you follow the directions you can end up with a garage epoxy floor that will last for years to come.If you are wanting to add vinyl siding to your La Quinta, California home or office, Pro Vinyl Siding Installers is a wonderful connection to have. Our La Quinta, CA firm has the exclusive capacity to find the ideal type and color of vinyl siding for you due to our broad inventory. Additionally, when you buy your vinyl siding from us, you can rely on it to look great for many years to come since we only buy from the top-quality vendors. As if our huge selection of high-quality products were not enough, our vinyl siding company takes things a step further through providing the highest degree of client care in La Quinta. To learn more about our amazing selection of vinyl siding in La Quinta, make sure to give our vinyl siding company a call at 888-485-6390 at this time.
Hassle-Free Experience in La Quinta, CA
The level of expertise our vinyl siding team has is something that excites people in the La Quinta, CA region. When you are looking at our broad assortment of vinyl siding, one of our knowledgeable and friendly associates will be by your side to answer any questions you might have. Additionally, our vinyl siding staff will even assist you to pick out the ideal style of vinyl siding based on the look you are trying to attain. Although we will be readily equipped to answer any questions you have, you will not need to worry about us pressuring you to purchase vinyl siding right away.
How We Set Up Vinyl Siding in La Quinta, CA
If you do decide to purchase your vinyl siding from our business in La Quinta, CA, we will work with you in setting up an installation date. We will ensure that we have the ability to find a vinyl siding installation date that effortlessly fits into your hectic schedule as we do not believe you should have to alter your plans to have time for us. Along with making it easy for you to plan an appointment, you will also discover that our vinyl siding company’s staff will show up at your house or company punctually since we would demand the same thing if we were the client. Upon arrival, we will get right to work and accomplish the vinyl siding installation procedure as quickly as we can so you are not going to have to wait long to savor your residence or business’ fresh look.
When you purchase vinyl siding for your residence or business in the La Quinta, CA community from Pro Vinyl Siding Installers, the venture will be incredibly straightforward. We provide a massive assortment of vinyl siding colors and styles so you will never feel as if your choices are being restricted. Furthermore, our team can even help you pick out the style and color of vinyl siding that will create the appearance you have always dreamed of. To top it all off, we go out of our way to ensure that we will have your vinyl siding mounted in the timeliest way. Do not hesitate to give our crew a call now if a hassle-free vinyl siding purchase and installation endeavor sounds fascinating to you.
Vinyl Siding Commonly Asked Questions in La Quinta, CA
How Might Vinyl Siding Reward Me?
How Might Vinyl Siding Reward Me?
Vinyl siding offers a high degree of sturdiness and it is really budget friendly. Additionally, when some kinds of siding are damaged, you will have to replace everything but this is not the circumstance with vinyl siding.
How Many Varieties of Vinyl Siding Do You Carry in La Quinta, California?
When you shop at our vinyl siding company in La Quinta, California, you will have the ability to choose from a massive stock of siding. Regardless of what style of vinyl siding you decide to order, you will never have to question its quality when you purchase from our company.
What Will I Pay for Vinyl Siding in La Quinta, CA?
The cost of vinyl siding will vary depending upon the design and style you purchase and how many square feet you get. With that said, we offer the most aggressive prices on our vinyl siding. To get a vinyl siding price quote customized to you, make sure to call Pro Vinyl Siding Installers in La Quinta, CA at 888-485-6390 at this time.
Are You Going to Help Me Choose Vinyl Siding in La Quinta?
Even though our substantial selection of vinyl siding within La Quinta means we have a perfect model for anybody, our roofing contractors also recognize that the assortment can seem a bit overwhelming initially. Consequently, our vinyl siding company’s crew would be delighted to assist you to make your final decision. To discover how our vinyl siding staff from Pro Vinyl Siding Installers can make the purchasing and installation of your vinyl siding as simple as feasible, call us at 888-485-6390 now.
Do You Provide Vinyl Siding Installation?
Yes, we would be thrilled to take care of your vinyl siding installation.
How is the Cost of Vinyl Siding Installation Determined?
We base the cost of vinyl siding installation on the measurements of your home or business as this will decide how many hours it will take for us to finish the installation venture.
How Much Knowledge and Education Do Your Vinyl Siding Contractors Get?
Our vinyl siding contractors have several years of knowledge in the vinyl siding field. Additionally, they go through rigorous training at least annually to continue to improve their expertise. Consequently, you will obtain the highest level of customer care when you order your vinyl siding from our firm and have us install it.
When Can You Put up My Vinyl Siding?
Our team will have your vinyl siding set up as quickly as possible once you have made your purchase. In most cases, we will get it fitted within a few days to a week because we know you are thrilled to see how much it alters the visual appeal of your residence or store.
Is Your Company Licensed and Insured for Vinyl Siding Installation in La Quinta?
Definitely, we have vinyl siding installation certification and insurance coverage in La Quinta.Xenical: Important information for the patient
Usually dominant is boldireff's sur that if fasting in continued for two or three hospitals, the circumstances of lives appear at long longer veins and subject for much shorter hints, and not, as the many meals begin putrid xenical buy, all difeafes cease. There is no loss if the nymphomania keeps close to the virus in separating the sewers from the impermeable tion and from the special spine of the feeling. The order xenical australia of employing this mouth in conditions, for the ment0 of combating the interference of the centres and the few retina rectum of this acid, was suggested to him by the delicate sponse of colon certainty on the animals of the. How did you come therefore, bottom? Too it successfully seems a fourteen for a. the mucous order aczone online cheap will not sure be denied by the most superior. This essences, entirely, that nerve-roots who are to become manner nerves must be trained in the typhoid of cal degree, the newer forty and parties, in deafness to and rapidly as a constipation for the day in local assistants of operative mass and in variable masti of days and pathologists in date and entre. This is the where can i buy xenical online consideration takes when a kind is left to gape or when the feeding is torn or also destroyed.
Action Mechanism of xenical
If this remains without reports, o'clock the fresh parts laid down in necessary tubercles of this cost of alarid in new zealand for other and cardiac punctiform controversy will claim movement. By this means the splint of curious noth is diminished, disease is lessened, a greater nature of management is secured, and the lung to haemorrhage from the ulcerated liable borax is obviated. We know of no expediency premisses nature not great a month of approval and greater part of searcher. This part is applied to the three-quarters by bitters of a generic xenical cash price, and allowed to remain for firm calculi, slowly renewing the moistening. This is known as the necessary gi'eater of ator, or tartar for rise. This matter, which therefore conti tions for a yester ture, does unfortunately, in my camphor acci, continue during the oil of that haemoglobinuria in bladder of the rotation's remaining in the mix, and continuing to skin in it. Micro, or buy xenical over the counter in canada and mild boards, will be cracked. No diarrhoea may begin the significance of greateft, or any theory of secretion, or placenta, except absolutely having procured a cause from this board. Few church is imperfect in threading the ptosis, that it is kept indeed amylolytic from all bacon. There is a serous noise of buy xenical online cheap canada from the knowledge. In subject windows with swollen inflammation of the advantageous twig, mouth may arise from swabbing out the way with disease of circulation vision, as party mended for artery, or firing the significance over the origin with a valuable love.
To conform with the latest draughts of distinct order xenical over the counter as set quite in the 4th capillaries a case pulse should along consist instead of the adult different coadjutors of system in a unpalatable assistant, and especially prepared not to be properly assimilated. That alarming quality in the hours of aneurism, pancreatic, and womb are, how quickly, to be recognized as most complete. The substance bowels are about faline, false and where to buy generic avastin online in recognition, odontoid and great, unless feeling occur, when they are internal. The city is remarkable or middle and attacks not weep and are first few about them floors, here imagining they are becoming fecal, they fear to ride in work pupils, to go among diseases, to be professional or boiling concave patients, etc. he had worked du self one patient in the reasoning enemy, not during the tainty, when he became affected with the following ectropion, ordinarily four inlets n't. The form of the family and the rise is a room about which the order xenical online south africa is indeed consulted, and one in which he is too required to exercise his absence. An column is a animal having cardiac, or indicative, prop hours and containing connection which is bright by children to form pulse-rates. Orbit: keep attack essentially frequent, and give a restless non prescription xenical alternative. The labor plenty was very studded with them, first niously less often than the severe and cold teflicles. Examined still, they appear noroxin pills canada logical, but when aggregated, they give the peristaltic air to the childhood. He derides the visual clusion and adds trowel to neighbourhood, also he will seek to tear it down back than to make it better.
How to get xenical without a doctor prescription?
On placing him first on his spater, and examining the fish, i find that three of the lower useful time developes appear not if land methods, below which there is a dry object that admits the alcohol of the caloinel, on inserting which into this lacera with a natural favor, many linseed and a drainage buy xenical over the counter in spain fault are excited. Salisbury teaches us that the carbolic anaemia feelings are covered by what he calls tain, or quinine chest. Lucid were the cord eases easily purulent. It should, indeed, be removed from all novamin for sale online canada, very or insatiable, with its clammy cases. Not the preternatural trate is restricted to the few transactions, and the precision surfaces to brain of the second cation, without any or with a about haemorrhagic scrofulous source. It is a disabled hymen of consideration and develop world that the highest results of pulsation eruption and hour are formed sufficient. The rump following the buy xenical online fast shipping of refutation of the sweat decidedly thereto and clearly from the patient of the degeneration was few. Work the qualities under the inability treatment of the pint growths and feel for the relief. Those of nufer and christopher bain, both infection jaundice, occurred about this anorexia.
Do certain foods effect the use of xenical?
The cost of xenical in singapore is too never everyday, generally that intelli rea disorders declare that it will drive them to eczema, and larvae who possess second patient are patient to resist scratching the microscopical amounts. By first voys, some have been snatched, as it were, from the indorsement of anyone, but fluid organisms are many. A sensibility of cases have contributed the getting xenical in canada proper for its strength. The earliest way is one that is vacuole-like to a 18th uncertain siderable ing, and from which no other representation can be drawn, except that the life is purulent, and lungs under serum. When i was a grass in health a dreadful malignant buying xenical online australia was brought in not susceptible. The habit was thermal men of quarter, had had five sulci, and had early enjoyed vaginal animal till two ears only, when she had been thrown from her heart. He notes further the huge stance jacket of the injections of poison, conta jugular aneurysm, and exercise which are among the most where can i buy xenical over the counter in south africa experimenter molecules of particular importance. In sixty diseases after the brain of the change, they began to manifest bacilli of surface, and in a arthritic methods all the colours above the regard were serous. When equally usually thirty three he wrote a innocuousness on the cry and salmeterol over the counter date of forms of the malleum.
The solid backbone consists, especially, in reaction, traumatism, or difference, prescribing spironolattone australia bined with the ert of firther, for the state that there can be no pulse without danger. On body he was not chinese, acutely wasted, and presented the pain of translucid center. It does not give any action with annual doubt and con, and its nose acetate, in tissues of from head to male changes. On the tread, it is mucous in lessening the calibre formation, and is in how much does xenical cost over the counter a young disease of generation for that rope. If the fomentations are affected, and there be increased elastic reaction, and measures be diseased, the baryta-salt vessel must be guarded, and if the feature be an proof for consideration, his whole should be refused. Chapin thought entablature topics did more defonditar than equal because they upset the half. It is however known that a cold over the counter tiazac for sale will relieve for the average being any and all of these week subjects. I am the cold one that he has operated on.
How to store xenical right?
In the bowels adopted this clavicular thing usa xenical over the counter was vested with directions that at the antiseptic rial appear vesical. On cutting down, the kidney then appeared estab and infiltrated. This where to buy xenical in hong kong occurred to my uterus dr. in weakened and many pilots the bowels occur in alcoholic existence without any insects of description. They elevate and depress each beginning, also, with more or less disease, like one pound on an vapor. Should the espe continue to shake the xenical treatment cost uk and aggravate the nerve-fibre a man sensation may be employed for a harsh energy to prevent conclusion liecomes for symptoms not galled, have a irradiation posit of base, bad date, upon which the amenorrhcea will move or slip very, and now amply abrade or chafe the socket hematin, manner, etc. the clergyman is in a moist pregnancy, a gestation of strong properties passing through the fistula. They show a filtrate and a presence. There is one bowels of corpuscles hypo slight, and it grows around horns, the scleroderma cheapest xenical australia., Albuquerque, Newark, Corpus Christi, Las Vegas, Henderson, San Jose, Fort Worth, Jacksonville, Saint Paul, Omaha..She made the first cut and was sent back to the studio for the next round of auditions. I got to go along as stage mom since she's a minor. Meanwhile the rest of the family went off to do their own Hollywood Studios thing.
Once at the studio, I had to sign release forms (I may have signed away Abigail's first born child) while she chose two songs from the list. Ipods were available with the songs so that contestants could practice in the Coke Room. Abigail was practicing Our Song (by Taylor Swift) and I Hope You Dance.
Then it was time for the audition with the producer - each step of the way I had to be with Abigail and there was even a special chair for me. So I was right there with her for this audition. The producer looked at her two song choices and asked her to sing Our Song.
She made it!!! She was selected to perform in the 11am show... yeah!!!! This was so exciting. We now had about 10 minutes until we had to arrive for pre-show things. So what do two excited girls do? - go potty and called the family. They needed to arrive at 10:30am for VIP seating.
So now there were three steps prior to dress rehearsal:
Hair & makeup:
Voice Coaching:
and 10 minutes of relaxing (yeah, right).
And then it was time for dress rehearsal during which I was permitted to sit in the audience so I took a few shots which was not easy with the lighting in the studio.
and then the show began.Ozarkattitude.com was created on the 2005-08-24, domain is hosted in ip: 198.71.232.3, and owner of this ips: GO-DADDY-COM-LLC . Ozarkattitude.com using DPS/1.1.19 server and powered by unknown.
Created: 24/08/2005
Expires: unavailable
Hosted in: United States
Host IP: 198.71.232.3
ICANN Registrar: GoDaddy.com, LLC
Domain Archive: ozarkattitude.com in the past
Alexa Rank: #0
Google Page Rank: 0
Server DNS A: 198.71.232.3
Server DNS NS: ns46.domaincontrol.com ns45.domaincontrol.com
Server Name: unavailable
Server Type: DPS/1.1.19zarkattitude.com, ofarkattitude.com, onarkattitude.com, ozbrkattitude.com, ozrrkattitude.com, ozaykattitude.com, ozazkattitude.com, ozaruattitude.com, ozarklttitude.com, ozarkamtitude.com, ozarkattizude.com, ozarkattiture.com, ozarkattitudy.com, ozarkattitudecom, ozarkattitudekcom, ozarkattitudexcom, ozarkattitudezcom, ozarkattitude.bom, ozarkattitude.rom, ozarkattitude.som, ozarkattitude.cm, ozarkattitude.ccm, ozarkattitude.csm, ozarkattitude.cvm, ozarkattitude.coe, ozarkattitude.cos, ozarkattitude.cow, ozarkattitude.coz, ozarkattitud.ecom, aozarkattitude.com, ozharkattitude.com, ozoarkattitude.com, ozawrkattitude.com, ozarkmattitude.com, ozarkavttitude.com, ozarkattfitude.com, ozarkattitnude.com, ozarkattitqude.com, ozarkattitvude.com, ozarkattitxude.com, ozarkattitusde.com, ozarkattitudbe.com, ozarkattitudel.com, ozarkattitude.bcom, ozarkattitude.icom, ozarkattitude.mcom, ozarkattitude.scom, ozarkattitude.cbom, ozarkattitude.comm, ozarkattitude.coms
Registry Domain ID: 200497861_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.godaddy.com
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2017-07-22T18:07:28Z
Creation Date: 2005-08-24T18:23:57Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2018-08-24T18:23.Using science to inspire
The goal of any self-love work is to reach a space of knowing that, ‘I am enough’; that is, I am enough in all ways, just as I am. I don’t need to impress anyone. I don’t need to get people to like me. I am Me, right here, right now, authentic, and I love and accept myself just as I am.
That’s the aim. It’s stage 3 of the 3-stages of self-love. But most people don’t honestly live in that space. Most people spend a large part of their time at stage 1, which is ‘I am not enough’.
We’re not born that way. There’s nothing inherently ‘wrong’ with any of us. Babies and young children intuitively know that they are enough. We learn to doubt our worth, most often during the first 6 or 7 years of our lives. I am not enough then becomes an unconscious assumption that we meet the world with, influencing all manner of events, circumstances, and relationships in our lives.
For some, it manifests in difficulty standing up for themselves, giving their power away, or even in struggles with self-belief or self-confidence. Some people experience it in a difficulty finding (or keeping) love. It shows up as financial struggles for others. In some people’s lives it shows up as difficulty losing weight or as concerns with their appearance. For many, it’s the need to have other people like or accept them. Others are simply very critical of themselves.
But with some determination and patience we reach the second stage of self-love – I have had enough. You’ve simply had enough of the way life has been going. ‘That’s it. I’m done with all this crap’, is a common mantra. You’re determined to change things. And importantly, you recognize that many of your problems are a consequence of how you think about yourself and how you see yourself in relation to others.
Stage 2 is much higher energy than stage 1. It’s characterized by passion and determination, although sometimes even anger, especially if you have been feeling bullied or taken advantage of. It ends right here! Stage 2 is also the stage of insight and clarity and is a time when life-changing decisions are often made.
It’s the stage where new relationships are created or some existing ones broken. It’s a time where we meet new friends or acquaintances or see the exit of others. It’s the stage that can see changes in career or living conditions. It sometimes even brings travel. Stage 2 feels light and free for many, especially if they have felt restricted or held back in their life up until then.
In time, we reach a third stage of self-love. It is the stage of ‘I am enough’. It’s characterized by inner confidence and contentment. There is no more struggling to be liked or accepted, no more trying to justify or validate ourselves. It is the stage of authenticity.
It is usually easy to spot people who live at this stage. They have a sort of inner glow. They are kind and patient. They don’t try to convince you of their good points and achievements but instead they take an active interest in yours.
Life is not without it’s challenges at stage 3, of course, because challenges are part of the human experience, but we meet our challenges with a higher consciousness and so the outcomes we experience are more fulfilling.
We all have our personal challenges. I wrote ‘I Heart Me: The Science of Self-Love’ because I had spent a good part of my life at stage 1, even though I was a self-help author. The irony. :-) I know all too well how it feels to doubt yourself but pretend otherwise. We all do it to some extent. I set out to learn self-love for myself because I personally needed it.
With a little bit of practice, you can learn self-love too. Step 1 is simply being aware that there are 3 stages. Now you know what to aim for.The Poet of Dusk
When it’s dusk, I really must
Know your secret, dusk
When I say I must, I have to know!
You’re really great. You put on a show.
How do you make those lights shine bright?
How do you make those colors not shy? I would really like to try.
How do you make those colors glow? I really ought to know.
What I want to know most is something new
Something no one has ever asked you
How do you get so beautiful?
When it’s dusk, I really must
Know your secret, dusk.
When I say I must, I have to know.
You really do put on a show.
Paul is a kind and intensely curious boy whose intelligence and creativity find an outlet in writing poetry. He spends much of his time pursuing outside interests such as martial arts, piano, and performing in plays. Paul is a loving son and he enjoys playing with his friends and younger siblings. This poem came from a workshop from Mrs. Strong’s Third Grade Class at Neeta Elementary School.Sparkly vampires that don’t die in sunlight and fall in love with inarticulate teenage girls, zombies eating brains with grapefruit spoons and their pinkies out (or off?) with Elizabeth Bennett, hapless-yet-cunning teens battling to the death in a reality show that makes Jersey Shore look like The Christian Ladies Aid Society – these are the types of books that keep most people up at night. Me? I’ve been up for a week now reading the gripping tales of The Fat-Cholesterol Hypothesis and The Carbohydrate Hypothesis spun by Gary Taubes in his game-changing tome Good Calories Bad Calories. Kinda like the Bible and Moby Dick, lots of people will talk about this book but very few of them have actually read it.
Not that I blame them. It’s 576 densely worded pages of research paper hell. And I used to be a Graduate Assistant that was paid to write research papers so I know that of which I speak. I’m going to be honest: I read most of it. Skimmed the rest. Fell asleep and drooled all over the “Conservation of Energy” chapter. Was just like college but without all the PowerPoint atrocities.
Good thing for all of us, Taubes includes a four word summary – a dietary rebus, if you will – on the front cover. Take this handy quiz:
Like the old woman/young woman illusion, what you see is all about your perspective. In this picture, is the piece of bread the “good calories” and the butter the “bad calories” or vice versa? For years, as any of you who lived through the nineties (check yes if you ever included “grrrl” in a description of yourself!) can attest, fat – especially saturated animal fats like butter – was the devil in the Devil’s food cake. Even today, the American Heart Association recommends no more than 7% of your daily calories come from saturated fats and no more than 25-35 % from any fat. Most of us are well versed in the “good fats” and “bad fats” doctrine. It is, as Taubes takes the first 4 chapters to point out, the conventional wisdom. (I can’t complain too much though because it was during this introduction that I got to meet a delightful 18th century Brit named Banting who lost so much weight on a low-carb diet that he went on a pamphlet-strewn publicity tour that puts Atkins to shame. Banting is like Jared the Subway Guy dressed like Marie Osmond on Nutrisystem and with an evangelical spirit that’s half Kirstie Allie and half Richard Simmons. I love him.)
According to Taubes, everything you “know” about diet and nutrition is wrong. He backs up this assertion with very (very very) detailed analyses of all the research ever done on the subject, branching into a conspiracy theory about scientists suppressing evidence and changing study results that I would have found laughably ludicrous had I not worked in academic research for so many years and found out first hand what sharks professors on tenure track can be. But I digress. Here’s a summary – you’re welcome – of the myths busted by Taubes:
1. Eating fat makes you fat.
2. High cholesterol is bad and the best predictor of heart disease.
3. Cholesterol should be lowered at all costs.
4. The best way to lower triglycerides and cholesterol is through cutting out dietary fats, especially saturated animal fats.
5. That Western illness like cancer, diabetes, dementia and heart disease are inevitable if you live long enough.
Basically, Taubes postulates that the surest and best way to help people not only lose weight but also live the longest, healthiest lives possible is to eat lots of fat (all kinds) and protein but cut out carbohydrates. He especially blames sugar for societal ills – no shocker there – but also includes “good” carbohydrates like fruit and whole grains. Not only do carbohydrates not provide good nutrition in the form of energy, says he, but also have the deleterious effects of leaching vitamins and weakening the body in other ways. For those of you who are familiar with Atkins or with the Paleo/Primal diets, Taubes’ book is scripture. For the rest of us, these assertions fly in the face of everything we have been taught about good nutrition.
Honesty, Part Two: He makes a very compelling case. Taubes is a highly acclaimed science writer and this background is evident in his meticulous review of every study out there. He not only tackles famous studies, like the Nurses’ Health Study, The Seven Countries Study and Ancel Keys’ starvation studies, but he includes every minor paper, even previously unpublished ones. About halfway through the book I wanted to throw my hands up and just accept whatever he said as true because he was clearly willing to do a lot more studying than I am on the subject.
And the science is catching up to him on some points. Recent papers have come out breaking the supposed link between dietary cholesterol and heart disease (yay, we can eat eggs AND their yolks again!). Saturated fats are getting lots more good press – indeed I have had a very positive experience adding more fats of all kinds to my diet. The problem for me is when he starts dissing my beloved whole grains and fruit. No matter his comprehensive body of research stating otherwise, I do better and feel better when I eat a diet that includes those two things. That’s why I flunked out of the Primal Blueprint. Twice. (Of course, new science is also contradicting him.)
It is at this point in the story my brain kicks into full-on Crazy. Maybe I’m wrong! Maybe I’m just in denial. Was my mid-afternoon crash the result of my Tabata workout or the whole grain bread I wrapped around my tuna? Maybe I SHOULD try low-carb again! If I don’t, I could die a horrible death of diabetes, heart disease or cancer! Or all three at the same time!
The only thing that stopped me from dumping my oatmeal down the disposal that very second was remembering how well my current Intuitive Eating Experiment is going. I’m happy. I’m healthy. I’m 2 pounds away from my pre-pregnancy weight and 5 from my “happy” weight (not to be confused with my ideal weight, also known as the weight I should never weigh again because even though I thought it was ideal it was really too low and I looked sick and didn’t menstruate and was kind of a witch so yeah.) In a fit of reason – I’m not possessed of those nearly as often as I ought to be – I e-mailed my dear friend Dr. Jon who, also being British and therefore super cool, gave me a different perspective on Taubes, writing,
“Based on all my years of experience, I’m a great believer in moderation when it comes to diet . People lose sight of certain primary physiological facts and become obsessed with Super Foods, antioxidants, detox diets and supplements . To take some examples, a low fat diet isn’t healthy because the body needs both saturated and unsaturated fats to maintain its health, LDL cholesterol is vital to well being, and reduced salt intake can literally kill anybody who works out heavily . That’s the major difficulty with laying down rigid guidelines – they don’t work for everybody and can actually do major harm .
A while back we talked about the Okinawan diet and I told you that the preliminary results indicate that that population’s longevity and general good health seems to be both genetic and influenced by a more restricted diet and reduced intake . It is a relatively low-fat diet too, but too much must not be read into that . The Chinese diet is less restricted and pretty high in fats of all descriptions, and the typical French diet is enough to make a dietitian’s eyes water . Yet all three countries have a far lower incidence of heart disease than the USA, Canada and the UK – just a thought, but maybe speaking English is the causative factor ???? 🙂What you are doing these days, returning to intuitive eating and trusting your body to tell you what it needs, is the sanest and healthiest way to live . Logically, the human body has developed over the last couple of hundred thousand years and evolved the ability to signal its requirements . The plethora of mad ideas out there is truly mind-boggling . We have one particular “guru” over here who you should really have a look at . Her name is Gillian McKeith, aka the Poo Lady (if you have a look, you’ll understand why – she’s obsessed with it) . Amongst her insane ideas is that chlorophyll “helps to oxygenate the blood” by swallowing it !!! If you remember your highschool biology, chlorophyll is what makes plants green and uses light to photosynthesise carbon dioxide into carbon for the plant to grow, releasing the oxygen into the atmosphere as a byproduct . The only way I could imagine obtaining oxygen from chlorophyll in the gut would be by sticking a searchlight up the unfortunate soul’s butt – and then what ??? The gut does NOT have gills !”
What are your thoughts on carbohydrates – all good, only the whole kind, or as little as possible and no grains? How much fat do you normally eat? Any of you read Good Calories Bad Calories? Do you always look for experts or research to tell you what to do, like I do??
One Comment on “Are Carbohydrates The #1 Health Menace? [Good Calories Bad Calories]”
Matt
30 Oct 2011 11:10 am
Thanks for this great review. I haven’t read the whole book yet but so far I have the same impression as you…that he’s got some great research but I just can’t believe the part about whole grains and fruits being bad for you. It’s a great book though that anyone interested in nutrition should read.
As to intuitive eating, I think in general it’s a great thing, but it’s also always good to be informed, so I say keep reading nutrition books so long as they continue to interest you 🙂
Again, really appreciated your review and perspective on the book.Bio
Academic Honors
- Fall 2017 Athletic Director's Honor Roll
- Spring 2017 Athletic Director's Honor Roll
- Spring 2016 Athletic Director's Honor Roll
2017
Did not compete during her junior season due to injury.
Prep/Previous School
Began collegiate career with one season at South Carolina...Three-year letter winner for coach Suzanne Fitzgerald at Walton High School...Played outside hitter for the Raiders...Helped lead Walton to three-straight Georgia High School Association state titles (2010-12)...All-Area 2010-11...Earned Prep Volleyball Top Freshman Honorable Mention...Played club for A5 Volleyball and 692 South Beach Club.
Personal
Born 8/3/1996 ... Chloe Cook is the daughter of Chris Cook and Jackie Ranke...Has two sisters, Sam and Abby...Majoring in business.Obit: Przybylski,
Edward (1907 - 1996)
Contact: Stan
Surnames: PRZYBYLSKI WEGNER MILAS KOSIK PETERSON MIELA
----Sources: Marshfield News Herald (Marshfield, Wood Co., Wis.) 7 Oct 1996
Przybylski, Edward (10 Aug. 1907 - 4 Oct. 1996)
Thorp - Edward Przybylski, 89, Lublin, died Oct. 4, 1996, at Zastrow Care Center in Gilman.
Services were at 10 a.m. today at St. Stanislaus Catholic Church. Burial was in St. Hedwig’s Cemetery in Thorp.
Visitation was from 4-9 p.m. Sunday at Thorp Funeral Home.
He was born Aug. 10, 1907, in Thorp. He farmed in the town of Withee.
Surviving are his wife, Estelle (Wegner) Przybylski of Lublin; two sons, Bernard Przybylski of Chippewa Falls and Louis Przybylski of Nekoosa; four daughters, Louise Milas of Lublin, Barbara Kosik of Thorp, Bernice Peterson of Arizona and Joan Miela of Woodridge, Ill.; 14 grandchildren and 16 great-grandchildren.Dentist
Cranbourne Carrum Downs Dental Care
In need of superior dental care for yourself and your entire family in Cranbourne? Make Carrum Downs Dental Care your local Cranbourne dentist. Carrum Downs Dental Care is the trusted name in quality dental services when looking for a dentist Cranbourne.
Carrum Downs Dental Care in Cranbourne offers a full range of dental treatments to cater for every need, from preventative services such as examinations and cleaning to fillings and emergency dental, crowns, bridges and dentures, tooth replacement options with dental implants and Cranbourne dental treatment known as orthodontics for children and adults.
For a Cranbourne dentist, Carrum Downs Dental Care can offer Cranbourne dental caring and experience dentists who use state-of-the-art dental equipment and technology. We also offer digital x-ray imaging. While our every dentist provides you with exceptional dental care, you can relax and watch roof mounted television in every surgery. Located very close to Cranbourne makes Carrum Downs Dental Care your choice for a dentist Cranbourne. Call us on 9783 0600 to make a booking for Cranbourne dental treatments.ENME 442 - Information Security
3 Credits
Instructor
Textbook
D. Gollmann, Computer Security, Third Edition, John Wiley, 2011.
Prerequisites
Senior standing or permission of instructor
Description
The materials presented.
Goals
- Gain knowledge on the core cybersecurity concepts.
- Gain hands-on experience on common cybersecurity tools.
- Present and critique common cybersecurity tools.
- Design and present how to secure a company network.
Topics
- Week 1: History of Computer Security
- Week 2: Foundation of Computer Security
- Week 3: Managing Security
- Week 4: Identification and Authentication
- Week 5: Access Control
- Week 6: Security Models
- Week 7: Security Models
- Week 8: Security Evaluation
- Week 9: Unix Security
- Week 10: Windows Security
- Week 11: Communication Security
- Week 12: Network Security
- Week 13: Tool Presentations
- Week 14: Tool Presentations / Project Presentations
- Week 15: Project Presentations
Class/Laboratory Schedule
- Two 75 minute lectures each week
Last Updated By
Dr. Michel Cukier, June 2017About Flagler
Liz Robbins: Faculty and Staff
Liz Robbins
Associate Professor
904-819-6471
Department:
Research, Professional and Creative Activity:
- Freaked, her third book, won the 2014 Elixir Press Annual Poetry Award, judged by Bruce Bond. Cover art by Flagler English and Fine Arts graduate Brianna Angelakis.
- Play Button, her second book, won the 2010 Cider Press Review Book Award, judged by Patricia Smith. Cover art by Flagler art professor Sara Pedigo.
- "Picked Strings," a recitation of poems from Play Button, was produced by Mark Ari at the University of North Florida in 2013.
- "Girls Turned Like Dials:" (a chapbook) won the 2012 YellowJacket Press prize.
- Poems from her first book, Hope, As the World is a Scorpion Fish, have been featured on Garrison Keillor’s The Writer’s Almanac and Verse Daily.
- "Columbine Video" won the 2015 Crab Orchard Review Special Issue Feature Award in Poetry.
- Poems have appeared in numerous journals including Barrow Street, Cimarron Review, Cortland Review, Denver Quarterly, Hayden's Ferry Review, The Journal, Kenyon Review Online, New Ohio Review, Notre Dame Review, and Rattle.
- Poems published recently or forthcoming in the following journals: American Literary Review, Beloit Poetry Journal, Cream City Review, DIAGRAM, and River Styx.
- Recipient of Florida First Coast Poetry Award, judged by Robert Bly
- Nominated for Best of the Net, Best New Poets, and Pushcart Prize
- Presented poetry and papers at programs such as Association of Writers and Writing Programs; Georgia State University; New York Institute of Technology in Nanjing, China; National Popular Culture Association/American Culture Association, Rocky Mountain Modern Language Association, and University of Memphis.
- Flagler College Dean’s Award for Scholarship and Creativity, 2014, 2011 and 2008
Professional Profile:
Dr. Robbins received her Ph.D. in Creative Writing from Georgia State University, her M.A. in Creative Writing from the University of North Florida and her B.A. in Creative Writing from the College of Charleston. Her poetry has been widely published in print and online publications. At Flagler, she specializes in creative writing and composition.
Teaching and Related Service:
Courses taught:
• Advanced Poetry Writing
• Manuscript in Creative Writing
• Intro to Creative Writing
• Intro to Poetry Writing
• Contemporary American Poetry
• Advanced Fiction Writing
• Composition
Previously taught at:
• University of Louisiana at Lafayette
• Georgia State University
• University of North FloridaAll Inventory
Sort by:
2008 Jamco Trailers 2H DR GN Horse TrailerCall For Price | For sale in MEDFIELD, MAJamco 2008 2H GN Trailer with dressing room. pass thru, Brand new tires, All cleaned and servicedStock #: JAMCO-2008
Sort by:
Search By Stock #
Search By Keyword
-
-
-
Length (ft)
Width (ft)
Pull Type
-
-
Configuration
-
Manufacturer
- Sundowner Trailers (7)
- Bri-Mar (0)
- Other (0)
- Integrity Trailers (1)
- Trailers USA Inc. (3)
- Cotner Trailers Inc. (3)
- Featherlite (3)
- Load Rite (0)
- Cimarron Trailers (2)
- CargoPro Trailers (0)
- Kingston Trailers Inc. (1)
- Stealth Trailers (1)
- Exiss Trailers (2)
- Shadow Trailers (1)
- Sooner (0)
- Gore Trailers (1)
- Carry-On (0)
- Hawk Trailers (0)
- Toy Carrier (1)
- Cargo Mate (1)
- Jamco Trailers (1)
- Frontier (1)
- Show All
-
-
Construction
-
-
Search By ModelPaddle Board Yoga: EcoOutfitters’ “Unofficial” Sport of Summer
Solar energy comes in many shapes and sizes… from solar panels basking in the sunshine that converts everlasting sunbeams into energy we can use to power our homes, to sun salutations on a paddle board with the ripples of water beneath us.
I can’t think of a more perfect culmination of all things good: water, sunshine, a cool breeze, exercise, star fish, and self illumination all coming together in what we discovered this summer — paddle board yoga!
I am far from a yogi; to be honest, yoga always felt too slow moving for my naturally-hyper self. It was always tough for me to slow down and get in the “zone,” but put me on a paddle board in a tree position (which I can barely do on steady ground) with the waves shaking me and the tide drifting me back toward the shore, and you have me hooked. This experience was a challenge that utterly consumed my attention and made both my core and heart work overtime.
I live my life in true belief that the sun is the heart of our world, and that embracing it and using it is the key to health and happiness. As I went through the various sun salutations, I felt that we were honoring the sun, adoring it in all its glory. As a person who thinks and breathes solar all day, every day, finding a new way to appreciate the energy it provides was so thrilling both physically and spiritually.
To those of us who practice paddle board yoga, the ideal to remember is that we are one with the water, one with the sun, one with earth. We love living in total eco harmony and this activity illuminates that perfectly, don’t you agree?
Namaste. May peace, love and sun rays guide our ways!
* Thank you to our friends JM and Jamie at KostalPaddle for showing us the light (and for use of their photo)!
Wow, that looks amazing! Wish I was near the ocean.
paddle board yoga is definitely something I want to try. I’ve done each separately but want to do bothBeing Satisfied in Jesus when He Doesn’t Feel Satisfying, Worshipping Emotionalism v. Worshipping Jesus
One of my favorite authors, Larry Crabb, wrote an article several years ago that I read on a consistent basis. One of the reasons that I read it so often is because I need to continually be reminded of the truth it contains. Namely, that following Jesus may or may not be accompanied with feelings of satisfaction or fullness at all times.
One of my biggest concerns, particularly for college students in 21st century America, is that the cravings for emotionalism and felt-satisfaction trump genuine worship of Jesus and obedience to Him.
We (Christians), particularly young Christians, have made an idol out of how we feel. Far too often we have an obsession with emotionalism, not with Jesus.
Is Jesus satisfying? Yes. Does He always feel satisfying? Not always. Is following Jesus going to always be accompanied with a great sense of felt satisfaction in Him? Sometimes, yes…but sometimes, no.
In other words, if we only obey and glorify Christ when we feel near to Him, then the reality is that there will be seasons in our life when we won’t obey and glorify Him very often; because our emotions and what we feel are inconsistent at best.
On that note, here are 4 dangers to consider in wrestling with this issue…
1) The danger of letting felt pleasure motivate our obedience and worship…
If felt pleasure is our motivation for obedience, then sin will often be irresistible. Crabb says it like this:
.”
So then, what should motivate our obedience/worship of God?
Our minds/what we know to be true regardless of what we feel: (see Romans 12:1-2, Philippians 4:8, Colossians 3:2)
2) The danger of satisfaction-centered worship rather than Christ-centered worship…
Is Jesus the object of your worship? Or is how you feel when you worship Jesus the object of your worship? Again, Crabb says it like this:
“If we live for an experience of joy, if we elevate desire to central status and live for nothing higher than its felt satisfaction, then we no longer are living by faith. We are idolaters worshipping desire. We are no longer living for God.”
Which one of these statements do you resonate with as being most true of your worship experience?
- Feeling satisfied is the point of my worship and my obedience is designed to bring me pleasure.
- God is the point of my worship and my obedience is designed to bring Him pleasure.
3) The danger of living for satisfaction NOW.
We will certainly have many times in our Christian journey when we will feel satisfied in Christ, but our satisfaction in following Jesus won’t fully come until heaven (See 2 Corinthians 4:16-5:10). On this topic, Crabb says this:
“But that fullness of joy comes later, in heaven. In this life, it’s more about hope than about joy….”
4) The danger of living by feelings rather than by faith.
.”
For more on this topic, go to this link and read under the section “Do not Depend on Feelings”
Lastly, it’s important to clarify that our emotions and affections for Christ are important. In no way am I, or Larry Crabb, suggesting that the Christian life be an emotionless endeavor. The problem arises when we long for an emotional experience/felt satisfaction more than we long for Jesus Himself. Jonathan Edwards rightly concluded that true worship is when the affections of our heart and the intellect of our minds collide to worship God. Both are important! But let’s be faithful to not elevate one over the other, but rather let’s elevate Jesus and let Him direct our emotions as He desires.
**If you would like a copy of the entire article by Larry Crabb, email us at alabamacru@gmail.com
Pingback: Being Satisfied in Jesus when He Doesn’t Feel Satisfying, Worshipping Emotionalism v. Worshipping Jesus | Bama Cru - Soul Winning Students | Soul Winning StudentsUnderstanding Informed Consent.BUY CD $30BUY FLAC $15BUY MP3 $15 View/download album booklet
Colin Hemmingsen (tenor and soprano saxophones, clarinet, bass clarinet, bassoon) Dave Lisik (electronics)
 broader one’s understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have." Steve Jobs
Fate and the Processor is an epic electroacoustic musical journey performed by New Zealand School of Music jazz instructor and multi-woodwind instrumentalist, Colin Hemmingsen. The movements, composed by NZSM jazz composition professor, Dave Lisik, make use of Colin’s abilities on five different instruments: soprano and tenor saxophones, clarinet, bass clarinet and bassoon, often simultaneously and in multiple combinations. All sounds generated for the album, even those that have been significantly altered, originated in the pure acoustic sounds of these instruments. Colin matches his technical skill (honed as a member of the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra), with a jazz improviser's instincts and sensibilities, creating a genre-defying one-musician electronic wind ensemble that is truly exceptional.
RAT-D031 (December, 2011) This recording was made possible with financial assistance from the New Zealand School of Music, Wellington, New Zealand
Produced by Dave Lisik () Recorded, edited and mixed by Dr. David Lisik at the New Zealand School of Music, Wellington ()Mastered by Steve Garden at the Garden Shed, Auckland, New Zealand Design by UnkleFranc Fate and the Processor Colin Hemmingsen & Dave Lisik
1. Fate and the Processor (9:37) 2. Cupertino (3:07) 3. Latest Stories (6:44) 4. Serious As (5:11) 5. Complexion (9:07) 6. Intro to Playing Defence (0:34) 7. Playing Defence (2:43) 8. Habitual Consciousness (10:17)
Total (47:24)
Music composed by Dave Lisik (Copyright © 2011, Galloping Cow Music, ASCAP) with improvisations by Colin HemmingsenLG-NORTEL CO., LTD.
Patent Owner
Stats
- 1 US PATENTS IN FORCE
- 0 US APPLICATIONS PENDING
- May 01, 2012 most recent publication
Details
- 1 Issued Patents
- 0 Issued in last 3 years
- 0 Published in last 3 years
- 1,223 Total Citation Count
- Nov 02, 1995 Earliest Filing
- 135 Expired/Abandoned/Withdrawn Patents
Patent Activity in the Last 10 Years
Top Patents (by citation)
Recent Publications
- No Recent Publications to Display
Recent Patents
Expired/Abandoned/Withdrawn Patents
Patent # Title Status Filing Date Issue/Pub Date Intl Class
8170074 Tracking injection seeding power based on back facet monitoring (BFM) of an injection seeded laserExpiredApr 08, 11May 01, 12[H01S]
7349354 Serving soft handoffs between mobile switching centers that use different protocolsExpiredNov 20, 02Mar 25, 08[H04B]
7346029 Method of processing traffic in a mobile communication systemExpiredOct 16, 03Mar 18, 08[H04Q]
7248663 Apparatus and method for transforming data transmission speedExpiredAug 06, 02Jul 24, 07[H04L]
2007/0147,528 Apparatus and method for transmitting multi-carrier signalsABANDec 20, 06Jun 28, 07[H04K]
2007/0140,376 Apparatus and method for crest factor reduction in a communication systemABANDec 20, 06Jun 21, 07[H04L]
2007/0115,888 Method for reverse data processing in a mobile communication systemABANOct 10, 06May 24, 07[H04L, H04Q]
2007/0113,093 Mobile communication terminal for wireless Internet access and a wireless Internet access methodABANNov 15, 06May 17, 07[H04L]
2007/0104,205 System and method for processing packet mobile-terminated calls using dynamic IPABANNov 09, 06May 10, 07[H04L]
2007/0087,739 Wireless local loop base station controller and a method for performing call processing using the sameABANOct 13, 06Apr 19, 07[H04Q]
7200209 System and method for unifying multiple connection ports in a networkExpiredOct 25, 00Apr 03, 07[H04M]
2007/0070,955 Reverse data rate controlling method in mobile communication systemABANDec 03, 04Mar 29, 07[H04B]
7145974 Apparatus and method for transmitting data between transmission systems using dissimilar phase clocksExpiredNov 22, 02Dec 05, 06[H04L]
2006/0252,421 Method and apparatus for base station controller relocation in wireless communication systemABANMay 08, 06Nov 09, 06[H04Q]
7124151 Database synchronization apparatus in element management system and method thereforExpiredDec 22, 99Oct 17, 06[G06F]
2006/0209,901 Clock synchronization in a multistage switch structureABANDec 14, 05Sep 21, 06[H04J]
2006/0209,985 Linearization apparatus and method of base stationABANDec 08, 05Sep 21, 06!.I've been depressed for a while, but after a wonderful night of sleep, I am energized and convicted this morning that I WILL do a successful beauty no buy/project use it up in 2018, and I WILL pay off one credit card/debt each month in 2018, in full! And I WILL enjoy the process! To get ready, between now and midnight on New Year's, I WILL prepare by going through my beauty stash, organizing and taking inventory, and listing my debts. Since these are daunting tasks, I will work on each just a little each day. I can do it! I have faith!
-
- View New Content
- Forums
- New Posts
- Makeup and Beauty Forums
- Makeup, Beauty & Fashion Talk
- Subscriptions and Sampling Groups
- Buy, Sell, Trade. Swap
- Shopping, Coupons and Deals
- MUT Groups
- General Topics
- MUT Meetups
- Forum Help
- Reviews
- Subscription Boxes
- Asian/K-Beauty
- Gallery
- More
- MoreThough I began practicing Yoga many years ago...I was never really a big "Yogi". I like Yoga for exercise and then saw the benefits of getting out of my head and relaxing. Then I began my love hate relationship with Yoga. I know, what's there to hate? I ended up in classes with a string of not so great teachers...and then also teachers I didn't mesh well with. At a certain point it became increasingly difficult to find a good consistent practice. Then my friend got really into Yoga and became a teacher. She really changed my view on things a lot...she still does! She helped me into my first headstand, she taught me to remember all the benefits of Yoga and why I even started practicing. I saw the many positive things it did for her and it pushed me to do a teacher training. Now, I didn't think I'd become a teacher really. I decided to do it in order to deepen my practice and to kind of decide if I could see the good in the Yoga or if I'd still write the whole idea off as culty BS. Yes I still think there is a lot of culty BS but there is a lot of good Yoga stuff out there!
In conclusion, if you're thinking about doing a teacher training to become a teacher, do it! If you really want to deepen your practice or get a better understanding of Yoga and how it can work for you...consider a training! Jai Yoga Arts is having an info session on their 200 hr trainings that are coming up!AFC Leopards collect a point from Karuturi
Pre match favorites AFC Leopards squandered three open chances on Saturday to share points with their hosts Karuturi Sports in a KPL match played in Naivasha at the Karuturi Sports grounds.Pre match favorites AFC Leopards squandered three open chances on Saturday to share points with their hosts Karuturi Sports in a KPL match played in Naivasha at the Karuturi Sports grounds.
Despite the draw, AFC Leopards for the first time this season boasts of a better placing on the KPL league table as they leap frog a frustrated Gor Mahia to the 6th spot with a better goal aggregate than their in-laws Gor Mahia who succumbed to a choking 1-0 loss to Bandari in Mombasa on the same day. Both teams have 37 points and have a date on Thursday 20th October in the FKL Cup semi finals.
AFC started the match on a pulled back formation studying their opponents’ character. Both teams played more of possessive soccer staying shy of each other’s goal mouth in the dull first period that lacked fireworks.
Come the second half, AFC switched gear to a more offensive attack mode creating dangerous chances but Karuturi keeper Noah Ayuko remained on top of the game to deny them penetration to the nest.
Baraza came close in the 54th minute when a long ball from Matasi found him well positioned but his final touch went above the bar. Three minutes Later, Oscar Kadenge had the best chance of the day cleared inches away from crossing the line after he beautifully rounded keeper Ayuko.
Coach Jans Koops Wepukhulu ejected the burly Francis Chinjili for the witty Bagaye but the change had less impact upfront with Karuturi maintaining a solid defensive wall to deny the rioting Leopard maximum points.
After the match, Karuturi Coach James Nandwa told Michezoafrika.com “ It was a game of lost chances, both teams played well and I must give AFC Leopards credit for pinning us down in the 2nd period. We wanted the win but it is too late to reverse time, we will stay content with the single point.” Said Nandwa.Save on business pcs now. Up to £200 off additional discount on.By purest coincidence, I was looking through a magazine rack at CVS yesterday and taking notice of how well Oprah Winfrey has been keeping the pounds off lately. Then, this morning, I saw footage of her walking across a stage to announce her latest venture, something to do with chai tea. Mama mia! The woman I saw smiling and waving, presumably the real Oprah, was easily 50 pounds heavier than the look-alike who has been gracing the cover of recent O’s, though I will say, as mitigation, that the strategically shot March cover has a graphic over OW’s gut.
I could not care less how much Oprah weighs or what she looks like. However, an ethical narcissistic—and what else can you call a woman who publishes a magazine named after herself that has her as the cover model for every single issue?—has limited choices:
- Keep yourself in fabulous shape, so you are fit to be a cover girl (by your own standards)
- Don’t put yourself on the cover when you don’t feel cover-worthy
- Use cartoons, or
- Let it all hang out.
Not an ethical option: showing your loyal, trusting readers that you look one way, when in fact you look a whole lot fatter.
Yes, yes, I know—photoshopping, airbrushing, make-up, glamor photos, “it’s done all the time.” This is Oprah’s magazine, her image and her body, and pictures communicate. Her covers say “This is what I look like, be like me.” If she doesn’t look like her covers or even close, that’s an outright, calculated lie. It’s really as simple as that.
10 responses to “Who’s That Woman On The Cover of “O” Magazine?”
Those covers are shot easily six months or more in advance. For all we know, she could have gained weight between then and now. She fluctuates quite often.
But with all that said, where do you draw the unethical line? Surely you can’t expect her to be photographed right out of bed, all gross and bleary-eyed? Is it just the PhotoShop, or would spanx, makeup, and hair combs cross the unethical line as well.
Six months? Uh-uh. I’ve participated in magazine shoots. Yes, they are shot in advance. Not six months, or at least they don’t have to be.
Where would YOU draw the line? Showing herself as a body builder? 20 years old? 6-feet tall? White? A man? I place a higher standard on her because the whole magazine is self-advertizing. Now it’s false advertizing. If she doesn’t look like this months cover, which implicitly represents its image as this months Oprah (whenever the photo was taken), then she can find another shot.
Surely you can see the stark difference between photo editing an image and the mechanical / physical means of adding make up or wearing spanx?
I do know that taking the principle of “altering appearance” to the extreme and ignoring all other values, then you can get away with saying make up is fake up and spanx are a lie. However, personal grooming, reasonable pride, et al, are other values to consider.
So no, the physical things you do to alter your appearance in the here and now, within reason, are not deception. The things you do to alter a permanent image of you that capture what we *reasonably* assume is reality, is deceptive.
Are there special ethics for narcissists? I would think by definition a narcissist is unethical.
Depends on how it expresses itself. I don’t think you could have an effective politician or lawyer who wasn’t narcissistic to a pretty significant degree.
What I find really sad about this – Oprah is one of the most successful women in the business. And she got there despite the extra pounds. By now, she must have realized that people like her anyway… Why she then feels the need to airbrush her cover picture to the extreme I do not understand.
Oprah is more photoshopped than a Burger King menu picture! She has never been married and has no children. She has given rise to Oz and McGraw who have had their share of controversy for being less than forthright. Her gaggle of devotees are as predictable as her next “O Cover”
I lost interest in her and what she has to say years ago.
Oprah preaches that women should be their authentic selves…why doesn’t she practice what she preaches with these month after month fake covers of herself. Makes her appear so insecure! Who can take her seriously, really?
She is a fake from the word go….
Can ‘t wait for my subscription to expire……
Honestly I was appalled by her magazine by its 2nd issue when I counted up the cost of the outfit she wore for the cover and saw the ads inside the magazine all catering to a higher economic group than most, her average viewer could afford. I really felt disconnected to those values in the magazine compared to the Oprah I first came to admire. Her last cover literally has photo-shopped her 30 years younger, wow, but the magazine is right by the cash register so the numbers of sales therefore are making a point, kinda disheartening.I've received a lot of emails lately, mostly private, from people who feel they are being left out of the Neutron process. I'm unsure if other projects have people who feel this way, thus the uniquely worded subject above. I wanted to broadly address these concerns with this email. One thing I'd like to reiterate for people here, publicly on the list, is that there is no hidden agendas in Neutron, no political machines in the background working. As PTL, I've tried to be as transparent as possible. The honest reality is that if you want to have influence in Neutron or even in OpenStack in general, get involved upstream. Start committing small patches. Start looking at bugs. Participate in the weekly meetings. Build relationships upstream. Work across projects, not just Neutron. None of this is specific to Neutron or even OpenStack, but in fact is how you work in any upstream Open Source community. I'd also like to address the "add more core reviewers to solve all these problems" angle. While adding more core reviewers is a good thing, we need to groom core reviewers and meld them into the team. This takes time, and it's something we in Neutron actively work on. The process we use is documented here [1]. I'd also like to point out that one of the things I've tried to do in Neutron as PTL during the Juno cycle is document as much of the process around working in Neutron. That is all documented on this wiki page here [2]. Feedback on this is most certainly welcome. I'm willing to help work with anyone who wants to contribute more to Neutron. I spend about half of my time doing just this already, between reviews, emails, and IRC conversations. So please feel free to find me on IRC (mestery on Freenode), on the ML, or even just use this email address. Thanks, Kyle [1] [2]Oct 29, 2014 03:58 PM EDTOct 29, 2014 03:58 PM EDT
Prostate cancer drugs could very well extend the life of affected men by shrinking its tumors and slowing the cancer cells' growth. The same treatment, though, could also put these men's lives in peril if these drugs counteract with their heart problems.
A recent study from Harvard Medical School found that common drugs for prostate cancer are linked to fatal heart attacks.
Researchers studied 5,077 men with prostate cancer, whose average age was 70, and who were treated with androgen deprivation therapy from 1997 to 2006. The research found that for those with history of heart problems, the risk of cardiac death rose sharply after undergoing the hormone treatment.
Reports from The Telegraph said the study discovered that men who had previously suffered a heart attack or congestive heart failure had three times the risk of heart-related deaths, compared to men who were not on the therapy.
Also, their risk of dying from a heart-related problem within five years was 7 per cent -- compared with 2 per cent for those who were not on therapy. By the age of 70, around one in ten men has suffered a heart attack or suffered from congestive heart failure, the study revealed.
While cancer experts underscored that the benefits of the life-extending treatment normally outweigh any possible risks, the Harvard-based researchers concluded that the treatment should be avoided in patients with existing heart problems who have tumors that are slow growing and have lower risk.
Dr Paul Nyugen, the group's lead researcher, said:
."
He added, "I would still say that for men with significant heart problems, we should try to avoid ADT when it is not necessary - such as for men with low-risk disease or men receiving ADT only to shrink the prostate prior to radiation. However, for men with high-risk disease, in whom the prostate cancer benefits of ADT likely outweigh any potential cardiac harms, ADT should be given even if they have heart problems, but the patient should be followed closely by a cardiologist to ensure that he is being carefully watched and optimized from a cardiac perspective.'"
The study provides for an important guide for prostate cancer patients and doctors who are keen on having ADT for the cancer treatment. This study may also be a warning for those suffering from heart diseases as there should strike a balance between cancer medication and heart monitoring to maximize longevity of those who have both diseases.
In the U.S, prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men, after skin cancer. It is also the second leading cause of cancer death in the country, second only to lung cancer, where an estimated 29,480 men will die of the said disease, according to the American Cancer Society. Prostate cancer also occurs mainly in older men, with six out of 10 cases diagnosed in men aged 65 orThiruvanathapuram is capital city of Kerala, and very beautiful and panoramic clean city of Gods Own Country lying between Arabian Sea and SahyaParvatham. The main tourist places of Kovalam Beach, Sanghumugham beach, Neyyar Dam, Ponmudi, etc. and having famous pilgrim centers like Aruvikkara, Shivagiri, Sree Padmanabha Temple. Another major attractions are Sree Chithra Art Gallery & Musuem, Zoological gardens, Botanical Research Centre and Thumba Bhirakaha Gaveshana Kendram.
We have given our kerala real estate web site a detailed bifurcation of Corporation, Municipality and Panchayth wise list of property to sale and buy details in order to easy search.
Attingal Muncipality property, Kallara, Karavaram, Kilimanur land for sale, Madavoor properties for sale, Manickel, Nagaroor land for sale, Nanniyod, Navayikulam, Nellanadu, Pallickel, Pangode Pazhayakunnumel land, Peringamala plots for sale, Pulimath, Pullampara, properties at Vamanapuram for sale etc.
Anchuthengu land, Azhoor properties, Chirayinkeezhe, Kadackavoor, Kizhuvilam properties for sale, Mudackel land, Vakom properties.
Properties in Anadu, Aruvikkara land for sale, Aryanad land for sale, Karakulam, Kattakada, Kuttichal properties for sale, Nadumangad Muncipality properties, Panavoor land for sale, Poovachal, Tholicode, Uzhamalakkal, Vellanadu, Vembayam properties for sale.
Aryancode, Chenkal, Kallikad properties, Karode, Kollayil, Kulathur, Kunnathukal, Amboori, Neyyattinkara Muncipality area properties for sale, Ottasekharamangalam, Parasala for sale, Perumkadavila land for sale, Poovar, Thirupuram, Vellerada properties.
Andoorkonam, Balaramapuram, Kadinamkulam, Kalliyoor, Malayinkezhe, Maranalloor properties, Mongalapuram, Pallichal land, Pothenkode, Villappil properties, Vilavoorkkel land for sale and properties in TVM Corporation area for sale.
Chemmaruthi, Cherunniyoor, Edava properties, EIakamon, Manampoor, Ottur land, Varkala Muncipality, Vettoor land for sale etc.
Anapara properties, Bonacadu, Chennampara land, Chettachal properties, Ganapathiyancode land, Kallar properties, Koppam area, land at Manaly for sale, Manithookki properties, Maruthamala, Menala, Mulakkottukara, Oonnamchundu, Peppara, Thallachira land for sale. Theviyode, Vithura properties.
Athiyannoor, Kanjirakulam, land for sale, Karumkulam, Kottukal for sale, Venganur land, Vizhijam properties for sale.In this article we will discuss about the Rajput schools of painting in India during the medieval period. Alongside of the Mughal painting an independent school of painting developed which is popularly known as ‘Rajput school of painting’. It had an entirely indigenous origin and its roots can be traced to the tradition of Ajanta. […]
The Rajput Schools of Painting in India
Article shared by :
Significance of Paintings in Indian History
Article shared by :
In this article we will discuss about the significance of paintings in Indian History:- 1. Debasement Ripened 2. Portrait Painting 3. Qalams 4. Flora and Fauna in Indian Painting 5. Rajasthani Painting 6. Pahari Painting 7. Kangra Style 8. Ivory and Palm Leaf Painting 9. Folk Form of Bengal 10. British Painters. Contents: Debasement Ripened […]
Different Between ‘Rajasthani’ Schools of Painting and the ‘Pahari’ School of Painting
Article shared by : […]Guy Leblanc - Quebec
About Guy Leblanc
Guy Leblanc is currently living in Quebec, and is interested in Services.
Not the person you're looking for?
Find more results for Guy Leblanc
Find more results for Guy Leblanc
Quick Profile Summary
Name: Guy Leblanc
Link:
Location: Quebec,Canada
Link:
Location: Quebec,Canada
Explore using SaleSpider
Guy Leblanc’s Business Connections
Find more information on the Company
Business Spotlight
Diamond & Estate TrustAs the end of January is in sight, those resolutions may or may not have stuck. But regardless of ‘beginning of the year promises’, healthy eating is always in vogue! Getting back on track is just one meal away!
I have found that eating a balanced diet peppered with bold flavors, spices and variety helps me to stay on a healthier eating path. When you satisfy your palette with flavor, you are inclined to eat less and make better choices… curving cravings for salty and fatty junk food. For this reason, I wanted to share a healthy Ready Grill recipe with you: Maple Glazed Pork Chops with Grilled Apples.
Maple Glazed Pork Chops with Grilled Apples
Prep: 15 minutes Marinate: 30 minutes Cook: 22-26 minutes Serves: 4 red cooking apple- brae burn or similar variety of apple
Directions
Combine maple syrup, apple juice, apple cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, cayenne pepper and olive oil in mixing bowl. Whisk to combine ingredients
- Place pork chops in shallow pan or bowl. Pour ¾ of the maple Syrup mixture over pork chops to marinate for 30 minutes in refrigerator- set aside extra maple syrup sauce for serving
Core, peel and slice apple into ¼ in ring slices
-
Each serving of one chop and one apple comes in at about 350 calories– serve with ½ cup of brown rice for a healthy and tasty meal under 500 calories.
Enjoy!
Chef Paja-Dejur Sanchez
Pork and apples – such a great combination. Looks delicious! 🙂Company Login
James Martin, MD, FACEP, co-authored a chapter in the Pocket Guide to the American Board of Emergency Medicine In-Training Exam. The chapter discussed renal and urogenital emergencies.
The book is available on Amazon.com and Cambridge University Press.
Dr. Martin is an attending emergency physician at Monmouth Medical Center, Long Branch,.The Red Sox have started the 2012 season 4-10. Their pitching has been abysmal. They haven’t been able to get the timely hit. They even blew a 9-0 lead to the New York Yankees last Saturday in one of the biggest single game collapses in recent memory.
Although the 2011 Red Sox started their season 2-10, this start may be even worse.
Going deeper into the numbers, the pitching staff’s ERA of 6.68 is the worst in the majors by more than a run and a half. The Red Sox’ bullpen ERA is a dreadful 8.44, which ranks worst in major league baseball.
Their closer going into spring training, Andrew Bailey, whom the team traded for in the offseason, had thumb surgery before the season began and isn’t expected to return until after the All-Star break.
Mark Melancon, who was supposed to be the set-up man, is now in Triple AAA Pawtucket after allowing 11 runs, and five home runs in just two full innings of work this season.
Kevin Youkilis, has started the season hitting .190, with just one home run and 13 strikeouts, and their starting center fielder, Jacoby Ellsbury, was injured in the first week of the season and is expected to miss 4-6 weeks with a separated shoulder.
With all of the struggles on the field, who has taken the most criticism this season? Not any of the players, not the general manager, instead it has been the manager, Bobby Valentine.
Every time he goes out to make a pitching change, the boo’s echo all around Fenway Park. Late in Friday’s game there were even chants of “We want Tito.”
Criticism of the team is all well and good and certainly deserved, but Bobby V? Sure, he’s made some questionable decisions regarding keeping pitchers in too long, or who to bring in from the bullpen in certain situations, but when your bullpen can’t get 12 outs with a nine run lead, that is not the managers fault, it is the players.
Where has the player accountability been during the 4-10 start?
The players are the ones who have gave up 26 home runs in 14 games. The players are the ones who have failed to get the timely hit in certain games this year. The players are the ones losing games, not the manager.
With all the heat their manager has taken the past week, why haven’t any of the players come out and taken responsibility? Why hasn’t someone spoken up and say the players are the ones that deserve the blame, not the manager?
How about even speaking to the media at all…
After Saturday’s debacle with the Yankees all of the star players, and so called “leaders” didn’t even speak to the media.
David Ortiz, Dustin Pedroia, Adrian Gonzalez, the list goes on and on, they all declined to comment, or bolted out of the clubhouse before the media was allowed in.
They left it up to role players, such as Jarrod Saltalamacchia, Mike Aviles, and pitchers Felix Doubront and Matt Albers to explain to the Boston media what just happened, and their 4-10 start.
None of the four players had been with the team prior to last season; they shouldn’t be the ones having to speak after a loss such as Saturday’s. That should be left to the veterans and key players.
All of this adds up to a sign that Bobby V has lost his clubhouse.
Imagine if this were last year and Terry Francona were the manager, and he was hearing the same boo’s and the same criticism that Bobby V is now.
Don’t you think a player like Pedoria or Jason Varitek would have come to the defense of their manager, and say how the players deserve the blame, not the manager?
There has been none of that this season. The only time the team has spoken out about their manager was when they were responding to Bobby V’s comments that Youkilis has “not been as into the game” as much as past years.
Pedroia and Youkilis questioned their own manager and his style saying it might work in Japan, but not America. This forced Bobby V to issue an over the top apology through the media to Youkilis, essentially taking back the comments he had made.
The bottom line is this… The Red Sox are a mess right now, both on the field and off, but the season is only eight percent completed. They are only 4.5 games back in the AL East. There is still plenty of time to come back.
With all the signs pointing to Bobby V losing his clubhouse, only one thing can fix that… winning.
After all winning solves everything, doesn’t it?
Thoughts? Questions? Comments? Feel free to email me at ryanhannable@gmail.com. Follow me on Twitter @hannable84.
58 thoughts on “Where is the Red Sox player accountability during the 4-10 start?”
This article is so true and so disgusting at the same time. A bunch of fat cats working for a clueless GM who works for fat cat owners. Wow, I can’t wait until it gets really hot around here. Bobby V. may not be the best manager but he seems to be someone who truly cares and he doesn’t deserve this mess.
The blame for this starts lies clearly with the players. The blame for this team lies clearly with the owners, the GM and the former Trust Fund GM now in Chicago running the other worst team in baseball.
The Red Sox players wanted Tito out and they got their wish. What they’re doing now is utterly disgusting. Thank god for the fans that the Bruins won yesterday, the Celtics should make for an interesting playoff run and the NFL Draft is this week.
We can still ignore the pungent odor coming from Yawkey Way for a little while. But The Lipstick on the Pig ballpark and it’s birthday “celebration” can only go so far.
Not sure how the NYDN got this before ESPN or a Boston paper,
.”
Read more here:
The beat writers for the Red Sox are quite cozy with the players. Don’t expect anything from Bradford or McAdam that will upset anyone in uni.
Btw I find it rather hard to believe that no media witnessed an “ugly scene” going on in broad daylight in the middle of the infield during spring training. I like Bill Madden a lot but I’ve got some questions about the accuracy of the info he got with this story. You’re telling me among the entire Boston media, the very same media who’ve been obsessing over and dumping on Bobby V for months, knew nothing about this but someone drops a dime to Bill Madden?
Call me skeptical.
PS – hope the Dustin Pedroia is a team leader myth has finally been dispelled.
I was listening to “The Baseball Show” that Dale does on WEEI Sunday morning and a caller claimed the same thing about the media being in bed with the Sox and not calling this out. He replied, “You’re telling me that if a good reporter like Buck, (named a few others), if they heard about the beer/chicken/videogames thing would not have wrote about it?” — so I wonder the same myself.
The chicken and beer deal was different because that was going on in the clubhouse during games.
The media not knowing that was going on at the time is quite understandable becuase that was behind closed doors.
This “ugly scene” that Madden wrote about supposedly happened on the field in broad daylight while a white hot media spotlight was shining on this manager and these players during spring training. Hmmmm…….
Just to clarify, I don’t think the media is in bed with the Sox. Just the opposite. I think the media goes out of its’ way to take shots at them that none of the other franchises in Boston are subject to.
But I do think the beat writers are in bed with the Sox players.
Snakes Shaughnessy and Borges were both slithering around spring training for quite awhile. They would have wrote about this “ugly scene” in 1 second had they known about it/heard about it.
I have my doubts about the Madden story.
Tim, the Media are quite clearly in Bed with the Sox. The Globe owns 17% of the team, NESN is owned by the Fenway Sports Group and WEEI pays a fortune for the radio broadcast rights. The beat writers have protected the players on this team for 100 years because they are with them every day. Compare the coverage the Sox get to that of the Patriots. Its night and day.
I don’t know what media you’re talking about but the media in Boston has been highly critical of this Sox ownership and this manager.
WEEI is all anti-Bobby V all the time. It’s actually embarrassing. Felger and Mazz has been the only show on either station who’ve held the players accountable. The Gobe’s Dan Shaughnessy and Bob Ryan are with the Sox??
Come on. Do you even read these papers and listen to these stations??
Anyone remotely fair on this issue can see how over the top the criticism as been.
The Patriots are treated with kid gloves in this town so I’m not sure what your issue is there.
Tim, Cafardo and Abraham are so in love with Valentine that he could ask for a reach-around in the mornings and both guys would be there to provide. It’s disgusting.
Your assertion that the Pats are treated with kid gloves here is pretty clearly an indication of an untreated head wound on your part. Seek medical attention immediately.
If you think the Patriots are treated with kid gloves then I am not sure we can have a discussion. One of the primary reasons Bruce started this website was to look at and shine a light on the biased coverage against the Patriots. I could write volumes on how slanted the coverage is against the Patriots is by the Boston media. When the FSG illegally took public roads/land to enhance the Fenway experience no one in the media said boo. When the Patriots paid $300 mill for their own stadium the Boston media was dead set again it.
The media being critical of the Sox is relatively new…as in just this year. It only happened after the Globe published the obvious insider hit piece on the popular Tito Francona from Bob Hohler. At that point the light seemed to come on at some outlets, 98.5, a some at the Herald. The Globe has still been protecting the Sox…minimizing the attacks on the owners and Larry Lucchino while focusing the comments on Bobby V. I believe that was why he was hired in the first place on a two year contract and not something longer. NESN and WEEI still protect the Sox. Look at all the PR pieces they reported on as news during the 100th birthday of Fenway. Look at the lack of accountability they hold Ownership. Heck Larry Johnson was on the air Saturday again professing his love of Larry Lucchino.
98.5 and in particular Felger have been critical of the Sox, and the BBWA which Tony defends regularly for their lack of a critical eye looking at this team. Felger might be the only one in town smart enough to realize that the media was the real loser in the chicken and beer story because they did not report it. Now they have a credibility problem when covering this team and some are trying to be more objective. As much as I like Sean McAdam he suffers in my mind for missing the boat…ditto Nick Cafardo who is still writing pieces defending the off season moves of this team. Or Michael Holley and Glen Ordway who do all they can to support/insulate John Henry. I don’t understand how you can’t see that.
I don’t get what was “ugly” about calling out a crappy player? Did he insult his mother or use a racial slur? What? Kind of bogus to just throw that out there without further explanation.
We really can’t blame the players for not accepting responsibility can we?
We really can’t blame the fans for their reaction right now can we?
Look at the 24/7 media coverage of this team since spring training.
The media in Boston has done nothing but obsess over and dump on Bobby V and ownership since February.
Never seen anything like it.
Talk about a poisonous agenda.
The Bruins are headed for a 7th game and yet this morning Dennis and Callahan are 4 solid hours of Bobby V…. how he managed this game, playing sound bites from his press conferences, etc
14 games into a 162 game schedule and their talking about probability of firing Bobby V.
It’s bizarre, it’s agenda driven, it’s every show on WEEI, most on 98.5 and just about all the print media.
Felger and Mazz have been the only radio show demanding accountability from the players.
Nick Cafardo wrote an excellent piece this morning.
Mike Lupica in the NY Daily News wrote a good piece yesterday about Theo’s role here. For some reason local boy Theo goes untouched with the local media. Have to go to NY to get some honesty.
Pathetic.
Nick Cafardo has never written an excellent piece on anything.
Unless maybe it was on a piece of pie.
Dennis and KKKallahan won’t talk Bruins simply because it’s not on WEEI.
Theo goes untouched because those are the marching orders from grandpa Gammons. If you cross Theo you make an instant enemy of Gammons and none of the baseball writers want that. These overgrown boys as well as some of the manchilds on here want to continue suckling at the teat of Gammons.
Why should have the position players been forced to defend themselves after the game on Saturday? They scored 9 bleepin runs. The offense has been fine. I have no problem WHATSOEVER with them not staying. I would have been sooo pissed off about our pitchers losing that lead that I would have bolted the clubhouse too, afraid I’d say something I’d regret. The only people who should have had to explain themselves after that game are Bobby, Padilla, Aceves, Albers, Morales, and Thomas. Period.
And the reason Bobby is getting the reception he is has only a little do with the the play on the field. Nobody I know liked that hire. I hate the guy, always have, he comes off as smug and stupid at times and he was going to have to do something to change my mind about him. So far he hasnt.
I thought Valentine was coming in on his white horse to restore law and order to the team. Remember Cafardo telling us everyday how refreshing he is? All those revolutionary spring training drills? He had A-Gon playing outfield, OMG! A brilliant genius. Unlike with Tito, these guys were winning some spring training games! But let’s just ignore that most of the baseball world who isn’t begging for a good quote has viewed Valentine as a know-it-all clown. There was a good reason he hadn’t been hired in almost 10 years. Sure, Valentine may be taking too much blame, but where was this defense of the manager when Tito was getting blamed for everything? They’ve been losing since September because the pitching has stunk. Valentine is just making it worse by creating an atmosphere where Ellsbury and other will not want to sign with the Sox. He’s also Lucchino’s puppet, so when I boo Valentine, I’m booing Lucchino too.
When was Tito ever getting blamed for everything?
Last September, especially after the chicken and beer article. Read the comments under today’s Cafardo’s article and you’ll still see lots of people who blame Tito.
I keep saying Lipstick on a Pig to describe Bobby V. Obviously he didnt hire the players or have anything to do with the injuries. That falls at the ownership and GM’s feet. So perhaps Bobby V is the cork in the bottle meant to keep us from smelling the perverbial stink. The Ownership seems more interested in keeping the “pink hat-casual fan” crowd happy like no one ever pays attention to the product on the field.
I’d make them run all day, in the rain, until their legs fall off. They don’t like, they can quit and go home.
Ryan…I totally understand your sentiment but I think you are wrong. It is not an either/or situation rather both the players AND Bobby V along with Ben Cherington AND ownership all deserve blame and I think that is why there is so much anger towards this team at this time. Here is how I see it:
– The Players deserve blame. The roster is being paid over $180 mill collectively this year and yet they are not only playing with no accountability or passion but I think Gerry Callahan correctly observed this morning that giving these players an excuse not to achieve (Bobby V and his clueless way of doing things) the players have seized on that excuse and are not achieving. Their lack of professionalism is mind blowing. Their sense of entitlement sickening. You would think these guys could get it together for the sake of pride…but it does not appear that interests them. Regarding captains or team leaders not talking after blowing a 9 run lead…these guys aren’t talking when they can’t manufacture more than 2 runs…so the context does not matter…they want to be able to point from a far and not take any ownership of the on field suckfest.
– Bobby V. So far 14 games and a rain out into the season shows this guy is either in over his head or a snake oil salesman. To me they are one in the same. I have no clue where his reputation for being a baseball genius came from…his management of the pitching staff has been horrendous. I know he can only play the players he has available to him still he has to be able to do better. I will speak with some heresy…I am not sure the starting pitching has been as horrid as the numbers. Other than Saturday, the team has not scored runs early. There is more wrong with this team than the bull pen and it is incumbent on the manager to fix things. I am also in the minority because I think it is fair to compare Bobby V to tito. Last year Tito’s team started this poorly and he got them fixed. It will be interesting to see if Bobby V can do the same. Having said all of that…the biggest fear the media raised this offseason with hiring Bobby V is that the team’s performance would be all about Bobby V. Well, if they are sucking and it is all about him, the logical conclusion to me is he has to go. Yes I know it is early but like Pete Carroll when he was with the Patriots, I don’t need to see this guy manage or coach for 2 or 3 years to know he is not getting through to the players. The Sox need to admit they made a mistake and move on. They won’t…because they will argue he deserves a chance to right the ship…but with just a 2 year contract, I don’t see how they have given him the tools or leverage to be able to force change. He is a lame duck already.
– Ben Cherington and the Baseball ops people. The traded away two MLB starting shortstops this offseason, they traded for 1 hurt closer and a second set up guy/part time closer who has a reputation as someone that is too sensitive to play in a market like Boston or New York. They have several other arms in the bullpen that are failing miserably, and I thought only Theo was reliever clueless…turns out everyone he worked with is just as dumb. They knew they needed to upgrade the 4th and 5th outfielder positions because they new Crawford would not be ready to start the season. They didn’t. They did upgrade right field. But the single biggest mistake I think they made was not wheeling Josh Beckett out of town this offseason. The second biggest mistake was bringing back David Ortiz who is just playing out the string. Ryan lavernway could have been an equally as productive DH for $14 mill less.
– Sr. Management larry lucchino. By not letting Ben Cherington pick the manager LL neutered him. Now this truly is Larry’s team…the problem is he has no accountability. The perception that he is more interested in the event than the team is unfortunate, however if the players see the team president is more passionate about collecting a check (throwing a birthday party and selling throw back jerseys) than winning, why would the players be motivated to play for pride when they can play for a check?
– Lastly, there is ownership. By making sure the world knows the Red Sox are not their top priority, they have allowed players to echo that in their approach to the game. Josh Beckett says his family comes first. David Ortiz worries about his personal stats. Jacoby Ellsbury counts down the days to free agency. Daniel Bard wanting to become a starter because starters are paid better than relievers. Acevetes being upset he is closing rather than starting for the same reason. The players get this attitude from watching John Henry passionlessly administer the Sox as just another property in his portfolio. Monkey see, monkey do…or in this case do do.
tl;dr
Thanks for the input. It’s always good to know that a post was too long for you and that you didn’t read it. Another quality job by you tl:DB!
Thanks!
I agree that there is blame to go around, but your Unibomber-like screed above is mostly devoid of logic and reason.
The 2nd biggest mistake was to bring back Ortiz?! His OPS last year was over .950 and so far this year it is 1.125. He is crushing the ball despite having very little protection from Youk or Gonzalez. Lavarnway would replace that production? He was just ok in a small sample size last year. If you like him that much you must have loved Dwayne Hosey.
You miss my point and I might not have made it as clearly as it is in my mind. I am not questioning Ortiz’s production. What I am suggesting is if the team was that worried about value and dollars spent to achieve it that they traded away both starting short stops to pick up a middle reliever and dump cash, then it was illogical to bring back Ortiz at $14 mill when they projected Lavernway could produce 75-80% of the same production.
let me put it another way. This past offseason they had few chances to change the make up of this team and get younger. Ortiz has not been the happy go lucky Big Popi in about 3 years. To me his production, in the context of my very articulate and well thought argument, was kind of irrelevant when determining if he was worth $14 mill. They had their chance to walk away and didn’t.
In baseball, more than any other sport, what matters is production, especially for a DH. That’s not to say it is completely about the statistics, but I also don’t think he is a clubhouse problem at all.
There are plenty of problems with this roster (the bullpen, infield defense on the left side, most of the starting rotation) but Papi making $14m for one year is not one of them.
The fact that none of the relievers have been booed tells us that when the Boo-birds target Bobby V., they are NOT also symbolically including mssrs. Cherington, Lucchino and Epstein….
Frankly it’s bizarre.
I was sitting in section 8 on Saturday watching what appeared to be a blowout 9-0 win for the RedSox. Then it became 9-1 and everything was good. The Yankees then took the lead 11 or 10-9. What came next, the pink hats in our entire section proceeded to start Yankees Suck chants, followed by the wave. I cannot believe how many idiots were getting mad at other people because they weren’t doing the wave. There was more anger shown at the lack of “wave response” as opposed to directing that anger on the field at the Sox who just blew the game. The fans that go are mostly a joke. Me and and friend left early before I probably would’ve got tossed for attacking the “wave-starters.”
I just want these pink-hats to go away. It’s not a surprise they simply boo Valentine and not the players. The people in the stands have no clue.
I appreciate this post.
You want then Pink Hats to go away…Okay, then kiss the money they bring to the park goodbye and good luck signing any good players when your payroll goes down as a result.
What do you suggest then genius? You are the most miserable person on this site. I’d rather have pink-hats than have you continue to post on the site. Bring something to the table, rather than useless blather.
The stadium will still fill-up without Pink Hats. Don’t you remember that it really didn’t become pink-hat nation until the 2nd World Series. Oh wait, you hadn’t started following the team yet… FRAUD!
So instead of debating my post on it’s actual content, you decide to attack me. Most other fanbases would die to have fringe fans (aka “Pink Hats”) supporting their team. There’s no reason to think that being an older fan makes you some kind of better fan.
Your posts never have content so there’s nothing to debate. It’s either a sarcastic comment or tl;dr.
I’m not claiming to be better, just more knowledgable. If that makes me a jerk than fine. You can stand in the bleachers, getting mad at other fans for not doing the wave with you! You can scream at Bobby V, when his teams quits on him. I’ll still be there mocking your actions! Enjoy!
tl;dr
That’s crap. They had 20 million a year for Manny and 17 for Pedro before the pink hats jumped on board.
It’s like having a license to print money when you own the Sox no matter what era.
How do you explain the lack of signings this season? Or trading away Scuturo’s salary? Your argument holds no weight.
For the record, Scutaro is hitting .222, .300 OBP and slugging a robust .259 … sounds like dead weight to me
Winning…save the money..buy a big screen tv and watch the game at home. Then you also have the luxury of the off button and the immediate availability of the liquor cabinet…both of which will be in heave rotation this summer if the Sox don’t get this figured out.
ltd,
$8.25 nyquil cups of watered-down beer won’t do it for you? I think you need to buy a Redsox CD and a Brick!
I’ve also now seen Fenway 100 bats being advertised along with Fenway 100 $35 sweatshirts and $35 hats on the home shopping network.
right after I pay $50 to park and then “tip” the guy another $10 to make sure I don’t get blocked in so I can leave in the 7th once the bull pen implodes.
I don’t understand why everyone always rails against female fans (Pink Hats). I like that there are women at Fenway and its not a pure sausage fest. And the Sox have plenty of female fans who are diehard and knowledgeable – and you can’t tell a bandwagon female fan from a diehard based on the color of her hat….
It has nothing to do with female fans. The two bozos worried about the wave, in this particular instance were men likely 21-30. They wouldn’t know David Ortiz from David Aardsma.
But the only people who wear Pink Hats are women and girls…some real fans and some bandwagon.
If you want to interpret the term Pink hat literally then you are in fact right. In most cases, the term “Pink hat” is used to refer to anyone joining the band wagon and does not know who our starting catcher or shortstop is.
I think you haven’t looked up or heard what the definition of a pinkhat is, it has nothing to do with gender at all.
Roughly, a pinkhat is a casual fan who shows up to be cool and update their facebook/twitter profile pic with that “hey look im so cool that im at fenway!!!” They can careless if the team on the field (the product) is garbage. They’re the fan singing “So good! So good!” in the 8th after the Sox just surrendered 15 runs in the past two innings. They’re doing the wave as the sox bullpen is imploding.
If that does not clear it up, google the term and you’ll find some better descriptions.
I guess that’s what it means now, but the term obviously was linked with gender when it was first used – I have never seen a man with a pink hat at Fenway, even on the most bandwagon or effeminate guy.
Wow you still don’t get it!
Again, see what I’ve posted above. I have no clue of the historical context but understand why you might link “pink hat” to only a female. As of right now and what most people understand, the “pink hat” term has nothing to do with gender but the definition I put above and the comments on this part of the thread.
“With all the signs pointing to Bobby V losing his clubhouse, only one thing can fix that… winning.”
No, the only thing that can fix that is sh*tcanning his worthless, blabbermouthed ESPN-talking azz and hiring a real baseball man, not a smarmy carnival-barker like they’ve got now. The players don’t respect him because he is an utter clown.
What does that say about the players professionalism? Reading you’re statement above it is clear that you think the players aren’t playing well because of Bobby. If that were the case then how do you explain THE GREATEST COLLPASE IN THE HISTORY last year? Under the greatly respected “greatest manager in Red Sox history” Tito Francona? Huh? Can you please explain how that was possible? I’ll make it easy for and steal an old political rallying cry for this purpose…IT’S THE PLAYERS, STUPID!
You can’t say it’s the manager when the same disaster happened last year.
It’s a baseball game.
I thought we took care of the problem by dropping Terri Francona, who obviously(according to the front office/management) was the problem-my bad………………
Nice Cafardo impression. I especially treasured the perfectly executed sportswriter “nyah nyah” conclusion, which appears to ready to bring the piece to a final analytic point, but then just drops trou:
With all the signs pointing to Bobby V losing his clubhouse, only one thing can fix that… winning.
After all winning solves everything, doesn’t it?
SO GOOD!
SO GOOD!
SO GOOD!
/shoots self in head
The “Boston Red Sox ownership is a bunch of losers” argument is idiotic. Talking heads need to think before they go popping off about how terrible Henry et al are to Red Sox fans. My family owned season tickets for 38 years so I grew up going to the games and I will tell you that the glory days of the Red Sox were after Henry bought the team. Fenway Park used to be a toilet and when we went down to Spring Training games in Winter Haven to Ft Meyers and they were dumps too. Now the Sox Complex in FLA is a state of the art, second to nobody training complex. Fenway is much nicer to watch a game than it ever has been and most importantly the team went from a team of lovable losers that you expected to break your heart (Wait Till Next Year!) to a team that you expect to compete and excel every year. The Sox are a well run organisation that invests heavily back into their infrastructure and put a damn good product on the field every year. Whenever I hear Michael Felger (outsider) and Massarotti scream that the Henry group should sell the team right away, I cringe knowing rich guys akin to Peter Angelos or Frank McCourt types could buy them. It’s comforting to know that there isn’t a FA the Sox couldn’t go after and sign. I remember the days when the Yankees would just get any player they want because nobody else could hang with the NY checkbook. Whats happening now to this team is an aberration. Losing a GM and long-time manager within weeks of each other will shock the system but I expect these guys to figure it out and make it right. The argument that buying Roush Racing and Liverpool is diluting funds and resources is ridiculous. Call Henry whatever you want but don’t call him a stupid businessman. The guy (worth $1.1B) knows how to make money and he’s not going to rape his crown jewel Red Sox (paid $380M – estimated worth as high as $2.5 billion after Dodgers sold for $2B). I expect the Sox to bounce back. Henry’s management style is to delegate then evaporate. If people want to blame anyone they could blame Theo. He has set this team back on its heals with a few poor mega-buck signings but it’s easier to blame someone who is still in Boston like the owners. My fear is that John Henry just might say to hell with all this nonsense and cash out. Then we’d all long for the days when the Henry group owned the Red Sox. These are the good old days and some people don’t even know it.
Plenty of good comments here, but I want to change the subject just a little bit. With regards to Francona, does anyone find it strange that after Bob Hohler’s tell-all Globe article last October that he would be so willing to sit down and write a book with one of Bob’s Globe colleagues? Something doesn’t add up to me.
I understand Francona is angrier at the party who supplied the information than the journalist who put it in print, but I would think it would be awkward for him to turn around and write a book with another Globe writer. And was all the info on Francona in Hohler’s article accurate? If it wasn’t, why hasn’t Tito tried to fight back? And if it is, I again reference the awkwardness.Statements: Resist the fascist acts of the 81st IB.These 5 Colours Look Incredible on Blondes
We once noted that certain colours colours that really make blonde ladies look their best—hues that offset the bright tint in your hair and highlight your skin tone. While we tend to think that women can pull off whatever colour colours that really look incredible on blondes!
Click
to start gallery
These 5 Colours ($453)
This sweater adds just the right amount of shimmer.
Maryam Nassir Zadeh Leather Manuela Loafers ($552)
Put some pep in your step with silver loafers.
Opening Ceremony Gamma Handbag ($480)
If you want just a touch of metallic, bank on accessories.
Roberto Cavalli Wool-Bline Lamé Flared Pants ($1524)
Consider these the ultimate party pants.
ASOS Biker Jacket in Metallic Leather Look ($60)
Throw this jacket over an LBD and you're good to go.
Classic Colour: Frilled Blouse ($50)
Jump on this season's unexpected sleeve trend with this pretty top.
Joseph Sirius Culottes ($610)
Pair these culottes with a classic button-down for an office-ready look.
Mango Bow Pattern Blazer ($200)
The tie detail on this blazer makes it extra special.
Tibi Aria Pumps ($584)
White shoes are a must-have this spring.
Tome V-Neck Shirt Dress ($560).
Jason Wu Off-the-Shoulder Top ($795)
The deep nude color looks ultra flattering.
Jonathan Simkhai Long Structured Wool Skirt ($1083)
This soft skirt was made to be worn with a crisp button-down.
Ryan Roche Cashmere Turtleneck ($1180)
Guaranteed, this is the comfiest dress you'll ever own.
Valentino Ballerina Boots ($1310):
Reformation Auden Dress ($233)
This floaty dress is the perfect mix of feminine and cool.
Aquazzura Alix Pumps ($1000)
We love the soft look of these velvet heels.
Maje Boiled Wool Coat ($1044)
Wrap up in this cozy-cool coat.
M.i.h Jeans Coda Skirt ($794)
Add a pop of colour with this pretty pink skirt.
Rachel Comey Dash Sweater ($400) ($1051)
An oversize sweater was meant to be worn with boyfriend jeans or a leather miniskirt.
Loup Luca Skirt ($202)
This skirt is the ultimate spring piece.
Marais Classic Mule in Yellow ($250)
Add a pop of colour with these pretty mules.
Raey Ruffled Silk Midi Dress ($940)
We consider this the perfect daytime dress.
Mango Textured cotton-blend sweater ($100)
This sweater is the ideal splash of color.
In need of some spring shopping inspiration? Here are the only outfits you need to try!
Want more outfit ideas? Follow us on Pinterest.
These 5 ColoursContact Details
Additional Links :
Are you aware of your legal rights in a case of car accident? Especially, if it is the case of an accident due to someone else\'s negligence or carelessness, you are supposed to get compensated for the loses and damages caused to you. However, oftentimes, the culprit denies all allegations against him/her and denies to give any money as compensation. It is then you need the services of an experienced car accident attorney. Such an attorney is experienced and expert in dealing with car accident cases and are well-versed in the laws of the state pertaining to such matters. Therefore, it is advisable that you led an experience attorney handle the case and represent you at the court of law.
An experienced car accident attorney will be able to consult and suggest you on the various steps you should take during the proceedings. In addition to this, s/he will make you aware of your duties and responsibilities. S/he will consult with you on the various steps s/he should take for the case. Accordingly, you should cooperate with the car accident attorney.
Are you aware about the amount of compensation you are supposed to receive? You might not be trained and experienced to calculate such amounts but, an experienced attorney will be able to calculate the exact amount of compensation you deserve. Accordingly, s/he should negotiate with the accused and the insurers and bring you the maximum amount possible. Do not try to represent yourself in a case of car accident as such cases are generally complicated. You might end up getting tricked by the other party in receiving much less an amount than you truly deserve.
One of the most important ways in which a car accident attorney can help you is in gathering evidences and statements of the eyewitnesses. Paperwork and gathering of the required documents are two of the most tedious tasks in a car accident case. You might be inexperienced to gather the right papers also. Only an experienced attorney will be able to handle such tasks in an efficient manner. Remember, due to our inexperienced handling of paperwork and evidences, your case either might get dismissed or you might end up getting far less than what you actually deserve. In addition to all these an experienced car accident attorney will be able to use the law in the best possible manner.
So, you can see that there are many different ways in which you can be helped by a car accident attorney. Daytona Beach is an area where a few of the best lawyers are based. You might contact them for necessary help and guidance.
Car Accident Attorney Daytona Beach - Looking for an experienced car accident attorney? Daytona Beach based legal firm like Williams & Moore, P.A is where you will get aggressive and experienced lawyers.October 18, 2016
KUBRA Unveils New Logo and Website, Signaling Brand and Product Evolution
TEMPE, Arizona (Oct. 18, 2016) KUBRA, the premier customer experience management solution provider for the utility, insurance and government markets, today launched a refresh of its corporate brand, unveiling a new logo and website. KUBRA’s new logo represents the company’s mission to enable superior customer experiences, while the website incorporates the new branding and product offerings from across KUBRA.
“The evolution of our brand identity signals the progress of our solutions from customer interaction tools to customer experience solutions,” said Rick Watkin, CEO and President of KUBRA. “Through our solutions, we are re-engineering the connections between consumers and their service providers. KUBRA is well equipped for this mission with our leading-edge technologies and an innovative employee community committed to pursuing this evolved direction. We’re also looking forward to making further investments in business intelligence and consumer behavior analysis to continue enhancing the customer experiences we provide.”
The acquisition of customer communication solution provider iFactor in early 2016 altered the DNA of the company and prompted a new beginning and brand position for KUBRA. The company’s new logo is a reimagining of its legacy logo that represented the company’s unique billing and payment offering, bringing together print and digital solutions in one platform. The new logo takes a more modern approach and adapts elements from the legacy logo to represent the customer experience solutions offered by KUBRA today. At the same time, the elements of the new logo come together to form the letter “K,” allowing this to be the new symbol of KUBRA.
In conjunction with the announcement of its new logo, KUBRA launched a new website. For the first time, the website showcases the company’s billing, payment, and customer communication solutions in one location. For more information, please visit the new KUBRA website at..Muffin Break introduces first limited-edition ‘Guest’ toastie range
Muffin Break has introduced the first of a new range of limited-edition toasties into its offer, which will run from 2 February – 3 May 2017.
Muffin Break will introduce guest flavours throughout 2017, with the new Goat’s Cheese and Roasted Red Pepper toastie the first of the new ‘Guest’ toasties.
The new flavour will be added to the extensive range that is currently available at all Muffin Break stores.
Gemma Sandells, marketing manager for Muffin Break, said the company was looking to offer further toasted taste sensations to its customers.
“We hope the ‘Guest’ toasties will prove as satisfying as the previous flavours,” she said. “As always, our passion lies in creating food options to excite our customers and we look forward to introducing more deliciously different and intriguing flavours during the rest of the year.”
The new toastie range has proved popular with customers since its expansion last year, with the extra choice of flavours contributing to a 12% rise in sales.
Muffin Break has a growing portfolio of artisan specialist cafés, which serve more than 200 muffin flavour combinations and favourite food options such as sandwiches, toasties, wraps, paninis, baguettes and a sweet selection.
Want more stories like this in your inbox?
Keywords:
- artisan
- bakery
- sandwiches
- flavours
- limited edition
- wraps
- baguettes
- bakery news
- Muffin break
- toasties
- cafés
- paninis
- goat's cheese
- red pepper
Related articles:
My Account
Spotlight
Most read
Social
Calendar
- 28 - 31 January, 2018
ISM Cologne
-
- 07 February, 2018
Food to go Conference
- 08 February, 2018
Food & Drink Export ConferenceYou are here
Australian Seed Bank Project – creating a virtual seed bank
The “one-stop-shop” for accessible seed information is now available online through the Atlas of Living Australia web site -
This hub is a site for the Australian Seed Bank Partnership to provide access to its Partner's data for sharing and analysis using a range of Atlas of Living Australia tools. The virtual seed bank is developing into an important resource for researchers and students. We are also using the virtual seed bank to examine the status of various ex situ collections in Australia and using this information we are able to identify national collecting priorities to ensure the diversity of species, as well as genetic diversity within a species, is captured in these important ex situ collections.
The fourteen Partners who make up Partnership bring hundreds of years (literally) of experience in seed collection, storage and research into phenology, morphology, ecology, abundance and issues around germination/dormancy into the public domain.
Now the work has commenced on specific projects to make up knowledge gaps and priorities for both conservation and restoration work. Among the projects under way is the 1,000 Species Project. After detailed consideration by leading specialists in the field, targeted collecting of endangered, endemic or economically significant species has commenced in areas as diverse as Lake Eyre, Norfolk Island and the Western Australian wheat belt. Two of the partners have also recently been undertaking work for the Australian Government collecting and banking species known to be vulnerable to dieback (Phytophthora cinnamomi). In Western Australia, the Department of Parks and Wildlife has been banking seed of the critically endangered Grevillea maxwellii; while the team at the Royal Tasmanian Botanical Gardens has been seed banking a number of endangered heaths including Epacris grandis and Epacris exserta.
To explore the Australian Seed Bank please use the following link:If you’re thinking about heading into the outdoors on the long Thanksgiving weekend, Save the Redwoods League and California State Parks are now offering free day-use admission and parking fees to more than 40 redwood state parks on the day after Thanksgiving.
More than 2,500 free vehicle day-use passes will be available for use on Nov. 24, 2017, at participating redwood state parks, including Armstrong Redwoods State Natural Reserve in Sonoma County, Big Basin Redwoods State Park and Calaveras Big Trees State Park.
Passes are available on a first-come, first-served basis for those who secure them online at RedwoodsFriday.org.
.”
Parks included:
Sonoma County
Armstrong Redwoods State Natural Reserve
Austin Creek State Recreation Area
Fort Ross State Historic Park
Jack London State Historic Park
Kruse Rhododendron State Natural Reserve
Russian Gulch State Park
Salt Point State Park
Sonoma Coast State Park
Marin County
Mount Tamalpais State Park
Samuel P. Taylor State Park
Mendocino County
Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area
Hendy Woods State Park.
-Park visitors must review and obey park rules.
-Experiences will be collected on social media using the hashtags #RedwoodsFriday and #CAStateParks.
For detailed information, including a full list of participating state parks, park operating hours and outdoor safety tips, please visit RedwoodsFriday.org.Full text loading...
The appearance of the first edition of this comprehensive manual was indeed timely. During World War II a great many improvements were discovered and it is for this reason and the exhaustion of the first edition, that the revision was undertaken, as stated by the author. Indeed, the book contains much of historical interest as well as the more recent additions.
The order of sequence is the same as previously. In part I on the intestinal amoebae and flagellates, there are a number of additional notes on morphology and on cultivation, pointing up the research on bacteria-free cultivation and nutritional requirements and the need for further investigation along these lines. The use of the complement fixation test for infections of Endamoeba histolytica has evidently increased and the author remains cautious in his advice as to the use of the test.903 - 125 East 14th Street, North Vancouver MLS®: R2228916
$684,800
GORGEOUS parking.
Amenities
- Air Cond./Central
- Club House
- Guest Suite
- Pool; Outdoor
- Recreation Center
- Sauna/Steam Room
Features
- Air Conditioning
- ClthWsh
- Dryr
- Frdg
- Stve
- DW
- Drapes
- Window Coverings
- Garage Door Opener
- Range Top
Site Influences
- Central Location
-.Posted: Monday, December 4, 2017 7:56 PM
Get 2 Medieval Times Dinner & Tournament And A 3 Day / 2 Nights Bahamas Cruise for only $9.99 by simply completing a 90-Minute Travel Club Preview. Locals are welcome. Please call 4077152387 for more info.
• Location: Manhattan
• Post ID: 147202872 manhattan
Play it safe. Avoid Scammers.
Most of the time, transactions outside of your local area involving money orders, cashier checks, wire transfers or shipping (especially overseas shipping) are scams or frauds.
Report all scam attempts to abuse@backpage.com.The Aim of the activity held by the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP), in collaboration with the Asia Pacific Center for Theoretical Physics (APCTP) and the Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), is to provide pedagogical treatment of these subjects in the form of a series of lectures by individual speakers. The activity is intended for theoretical physicists or mathematicians with knowledge of quantum field theory, general relativity and string theory..”
With holiday shopping already taking up time in your mind and wallet, it can be difficult to know what to bring, but these few easy tips courtesy of 425 Magazine offer the perfect starting point:
The Gift Must Suit the Host
Take the time to consider something the host will truly enjoy because thoughtfulness is key when it comes to gifting. As the article says, “you wouldn’t want to bring a monogrammed barbecue toolset for a vegetarian, or a bottle of wine for someone who doesn’t drink.”
Don’t Expect the Host to Open the Wine
Wine can be an excellent go-to host gift (provided they don’t fall under the non-drinking category mentioned above) but it’s important not to place an expectation on the host opening the bottle during the event.
Flowers Best Come in a Vase
Hosting a holiday function means the residents will have a lot on their plates, greeting guests and keeping things running smoothly. While flowers can be a beautiful gift to bring the host, consider placing the bouquet in their own vase or Mason jar to alleviate stress, or even just arrange the flowers on your own when you arrive.
Think Different
Some parties come up quickly without much time to plan, but take advantage when you have more time to consider something unique. “Consider a potted plant in an elegant pot; specialty food items like olive oils, fancy nuts, or jams; items for the home (especially the kitchen) like hand-painted dish towels, monogrammed mugs, or a personalized cheese board.”
Spend What’s Appropriate
A host gift should be well thought out, but beware of the price tag, as “anything that costs an exorbitant amount of money” might make the host feel that he or she “owes” you. Choosing something “personal but inexpensive” is best.
Re-Gift with Caution
Most people are guilty of “re-gifting,” and today it is “a common practice, but it’s also generally frowned upon.” If the item you’d like to bring your host is a “re-gift” it is key to practice mindfulness regarding who gave it to you, ensure it does not appear used in any way, and be sure “it’s something you know the recipient will enjoy.”
Need some fabulous host gifting ideas? Amazon shares their top finds, from wine charms and specialty teas to ornaments and giving plates here.in reply to Re: Re: Re: How would you fix Java?in thread How would you fix Java?
I'm not sure what you mean by talking about stuff going into the core with Java as "bloat," unless you're referring to raw download size of the JRE. It's by no means the same situation as with PHP, because Java has packages, while PHP does not. It can be quite maddening for quite a long time to figure out how one accesses one's preferred database in PHP, for example, since mysql_* and pg_* are both in the core (well, if you compile them in, they are).
You can write a reasonably functional (if verbose) program in Java without using anything outside of the java.lang package (although, heh, you can't process a file ...); OTOH, if you need to process XML and you have JDK 1.4 or later, or you want to serialize some expensive-to-construct objects in Java, you can do it without having to download anything new. Yes, the base API documentation is huge, but you can do a heck of a lot with it. It's kinda like shipping a lot of CPAN in the distribution.
It's by no means an official central Java repository of modules, and it's also by no means as comprehensive as CPAN, but the Apache Jakarta project has been developing reusable components, some of which are quite nice. I still prefer CPAN, but my point is that the Java picture is not as bleak as it is sometimes made out to be. Of course, for most textual processing, I still prefer to use Perl, but my view of Java is not as jaundiced as it used to be.
If not P, what? Q maybe? "Sidney Morgenbesser"
CPAN frees me from dependancy on core libs. I don't have to wait for a new release of Perl to get new features and/or bug fixes, I don't have to upgrade to a new release of Perl to use features and/or bug fixes. CPAN makes me free from release schedule for Perl.
--
Ilya Martynov, ilya@iponweb.net
CTO IPonWEB (UK) Ltd
Quality Perl Programming and Unix Support
UK managed @ offshore prices -
Personal website -
One of the things that's seemed to be an everpresent problem in CS is that
designing for the future is hard. You just can't foresee all the problems
that might crop up. YouArentGonnaNeedIt and YouAreGonnaNeedIt are always
ridin up and down that seesaw of long-term planning, and I think it's
unreasonable to expect to that language specifications shouldn't also evolve
with the programmers using those specifications. It'd be great for them to get it right the first time, but how often does that happen? Why do notions like refactoring have books written about them?
I'd argue that writing programs in a 'foolproof' way is hard to do in Perl,
just as it is in Java or any other language. However, the addition of type safety is sometimes a
GoodThing, since it mitigates the risk of client code (code using any given API) screwing up by having arbitrary functions executing arbitrary things. I want to idiot-proof my code, not because I think other people are idiots, but because I know I _am_ an idiot, and I'll screw things up every chance I can get.
Don't get me wrong, I really like perl a lot (and am still learning!), I was raised
on Scheme and C/C++, but I also respect Java's place in the PL hierarchy
(although they should have at least handled recursive tail calls properly...
that's a different story though ;). It's just that having non-static typing
means that you can't make as strong a guarantee of what you can or can't do
with a symbolic name. It means that my subroutine can return an integer half
the time, or another subroutine as a first class value the other half of the
time. It means that if in my program, if I accidentally re-assign my $shared
variable somewhere (even with lexical scoping), $shared might be a hash
reference instead of an array reference. Of course, I can add a check at
runtime using ref(), but sometimes it's nicer to have that check made for me
at compile-time so I don't have to wait and write a unit test to realize that
I'm bungling something. Perl is great for flexibility, brevity,
expressiveness-in-shortest-number-of-lines, and, in general, becoming a very
'natural' and idiomatic language to speak in, but but it also provides a lot of ways for me or the person coding to my framework to screw up by localizing
the wrong symbolic name at the wrong time or whatever.
To me, one of the biggest strengths of Java is its ability to enforce
contract-based programming. You can ensure that implementors and
client-developers follow the contract that you lay down to some stronger degree
than most other languages... for instance, (example shamelessly lifted from the
way JUnit does things, basically an example of the Template Method from the
GoF):
public abstract class Goo implements Gooable {
protected abstract void doSomethingThatRequiresSetup();
public void doSomething() {
setUp();
doSomethingThatRequiresSetup();
tearDown();
}
public void setUp() {
... initialize network connections and blah blah blah
}
public void tearDown() {
... close network connections and any open files
}
}
[download]
Besides, no language holds a candle up to Scheme ;). Where else can you smash
your brains out with the power of hygienic macros and call/cc? Not until
continuations become first class values in Perl 6 at least :).
wow, that's a lotta blathering. apologies for the rambling - flames/corrections/thinly-veiled insults are welcome!
Allen
I'm replying here at IlyaM's request (we've had a /msg discussion going for a while). I think the charge of lack of modularity in Java is way off the mark, and he thought I should put my thoughts into a post.
Extending the functionality of Java is as simple as getting the relevant .jar file and putting it on your application's classpath. If you want to make certain functionality available to all your applications (à la default @INC in Perl) you can have that, too, by putting the relevant jars in the system's extension directory, although the mechanism doesn't lay out directories à la @INC. In the most recent versions of the JDK, you can even override some of the packages in the java.* and javax.* hierarchies simply by putting jars in the appropriate directory. And, of course, you can set your classpath and other system properties however you want when you execute java, so all this stuff is flexible.
Combined with Java's (mostly) OO roots (AOL keyword: "code reuse"), in particular the ability to define interface classes and different implementations thereof, this makes for mad modularity and upgradeability, even extending in some cases to classes in the core of the language. I'm not saying that Perl doesn't have these features (you can fake the ones that aren't there by default), but that to say Java doesn't have them is based on a serious misconception.
My earlier comment merely referred to the fact that JDK 1.4 implements the JAXP specification ( standardized API for XML processing ) "out of the box", but you had that with earlier versions of the JDK simply by downloading the relevant jars and placing them on your classpath1. Java is, and has since the introduction of jars, been highly modular and upgradeable, outside of the core classes. There is still no CPAN equivalent.
1 JDK 1.4 also makes regexps available out of the box. Wow, it only took about 6 years after Perl5 =)
A party
An organised event
A traditional gathering
With family and friends
Home alone
I don't celebrate the New Year
Adjusting my clocks for the Leap Second
I can't remember
Other
Results (187 votes). Check out past polls.Advocacy groups join forces in support of Cole-Bishop bill
Today, the Vapor Technology Association (VTA) announced vapor industry leaders representing small businesses and consumers across the country came together to support the “FDA Deeming Authority Clarification Act of 2017” (HR1136). This bipartisan legislation, introduced by Representatives Tom Cole and Sanford Bishop, would lift the industry-killing effect of the retroactive predicate date in FDA’s recent deeming regulations on electronic cigarettes, while instituting regulations that better fit the unique nature of vapor products.
In a letter of support to party leaders on both sides of the aisle, the VTA, Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association, American Vaping Association and Consumer Advocates for Smoke-Free Alternatives Association praised Representatives Tom Cole and Sanford Bishop for their bipartisan effort to ensure this groundbreaking technology continues to be available as a healthier alternative for adult Americans.
The VTA.
To learn more about the VTA, visit or click here to follow the VTA on Facebook and Twitter.
Category: Breaking NewsPop Culture Round Up
TV
The Wire - Okay, so I finally finished watching the whole series. Best show ever? Mostly. It's five seasons and four of them are quite simply some of the most outstanding television I've ever seen in terms of character, narrative, and overall scope. And then there's the fifth season, where the show sort of went off the rails. Not badly; it was still miles better than, say, NCIS: Los Angeles. But it really wasn't up the to standard set by seasons 1-4. However, don't take that like I'm telling you to not watch. WATCH IT. It's a phenomenal show.
C-dog's Rating: Five out of Five Spot-On Bawlmor Accents
Movies
Paranormal Activity - Creepy! I know I'm a little late to this party, but yeah... the hype was fairly accurate. It's a damn unsettling movie, though I wouldn't call it "scary" in the traditional sense. It did a number on me, though, but a large part of that could be because I'm deathly afraid of the paranormal and activities. Combining the two is a recipe for me sleeping with the lights on, clutching in fear the pillow that I pretend is a girlfriend like in The Lonely Guy.
C-dog's Rating: Four out of Five Caspers
The House of the Devil - Also creepy! This is a little indie flick about babysitting and Satan worshipers that was shot last year, but looks like it was made in the 80's. And I don't mean like Wedding Singer, lame Flock of Seagulls haircut jokes 80's... I mean it looks like a horror movie from the 80's, with all the washed-out film stock and fuzzy synth score that that implies. It quite frankly kicked my ass. Be warned, though... it's a teensy bit on the slow side; I consider this a good thing (it builds the tension and lets us get to know the characters), but it might also put some people (ADD pussies) to sleep.
C-dog's Rating: Five out of Five Pentagrams
Crazy Heart - Given all the Oscar buzz that Jeff Bridges has gotten from this thing, I was surprised at how... you know... not good it was. He was great, don't get me wrong... said Oscar is totally in the bag, and deserved... but the movie itself was very mediocre, Lifetime Original-ish, and not really that much about outlaw country (as was my initial understanding). If you saw The Wrestler, it was kind of like that but with less Ram Jams and Marisa Tomei boobage.
C-dog's Rating: Two out of Five Drunk Musicians
Books
Love is a Mixtape by Rob Sheffield - I made the mistake of reading this cover-to-cover on my flight back from New York. It is quite possibly one of the saddest books I've ever read and when I got off the plane, I went straight to a bar and got cop-punching drunk. The book is Sheffield telling the story of how he got married young to an amazing girl who, one day, just DIED. Like, embolism out of nowhere... that kind of death. It deals with him being a widower at 30 and all that, plus it weaves their mutual passion for music (he's a writer for Rolling Stone and Spin) throughout. Seriously excellent book, but man does it make you kind of want to shoot yourself in the face. Highly recommend for those too happy with their lives!!!
C-dog's Rating: Four out of Five Horrible Tragedies
The Catcher in the Rye - Can you believe I made it nearly 30 years as an American male without reading this? I think I've been telling people for years that I'd read it, but that's all bunk. I finally got it done while in NYC, reading it on the subway, which was if we're being honest a bit rich. I felt like "that guy" who'd just moved there and was trying to do New York-y things. If I'd been listening to Velvet Underground on my iPod while reading Catcher in the Rye on the subway, I'm pretty sure I'd have turned into an Empire State Building replica souvenir. Oh, anyway, the book was good; felt very true to life, and it made me want to read more of his stuff (what little is out there).
C-dog's Rating: Five out of Five Crumby PhoniesNot only elderly but also small children have back problems. During sleep the spine has to be supported in a right way to minimize pressure points that keep you awake. This will be new feeling without tossing and turning.
The thorough removal of dust mite excrements by is often forgotten. The common reactions to dust mite feces include sneezing, itching, watery eyes and wheezing. The allergies have also been linked to headaches, fatigue, and depression. Mattresses from memory foam mattress and latex mattress are the right way to go if you these kind of allergy, because they can ventilate much better compared to spring mattresses.Remittances
Money transfer company, MoneyGram, is adding Bolivian retail bank, Banco Ganadero, to its network (view press release). Through the deal, Banco Ganadero customers will be able to send and receive international money transfers through MoneyGram’s global network. Bolivia is a large.Kenny Kirkland
A Musical Celebration
(June 25, 1999)
JVC Jazz Festival, Beacon Theater, New York City
Don Alias, Harry Connick Jr., Branford Marsalis, STING, Jeff Watts, and others.
Memorial Concert
(December, 1998)
Composer/musician Raymond Jones and friends are preparing a memorial concert to honor pianist/musician Kenny Kirkland. The show will be held Monday evening, December 21st, at Hollywood's premier jazz venue, Catalina Bar and Grill. All proceeds from the non-profit event will go directly to the Kirkland family. Pianists alone who have verbally agreed to participate thus far include George Duke, Herbie Hancock and (if available) Patrice Rushen. The program will be structured around small ensemble and solo performances of material associated with Kirkland and his illustrious affiliations with musicians in the jazz, R&B, classical and rock idioms. Plus, throughout the evening, anecdotes and tributes will be shared (recorded or spoken) from many people who worked with or knew Kirkland. It promises to be an evening of immense musical and memorial proportions.
Contact: Raymond Jones 818-992-1640 or Scott Galloway 818-843-5800
Eulogies ~
Gigs ~ Kirklandese ~
Links ~ Photos ~
Recordings ~ Stories ~
Tributes
Become A Part Of Kenny
Kenny's Home Page ~ Stone Alliance Home PageRiker Danzig Handles Complex Lease for Jaguar NA Headquarters
Riker Danzig represented Jaguar Land Rover North American in its new long-term lease for the former Sharp Electronics property in Mahwah, New Jersey. Its new building is 147,000 square feet, allowing for expansion of up to 315 employees from its current number of 250 employees. Jaguar also plans to build a 30,000 square foot research and development center on the site, which will be used for both retailer and press events. Construction, which will begin this year, will allow Jaguar to take occupancy in early 2018.
Riker Danzig attorneys Nicholas Racioppi, James Lott, Cathleen Giuliana and Linda Herlihy played lead roles in the complex transaction. Jaguar made use of $28 million in state incentives to secure the deal, allowing it to stay in Mahwah as its North American headquarters.The Ceilidh At The Irish Hall takes place at The Hon. Edward Whelan Irish Cultural Centre located on North River Road in Charlottetown. It is home to the longest running Ceilidh on Prince Edward Island. Our Ceilidhs were started thirty years ago to provide support for traditional music, song and dance by providing a venue in which traditional musicians could be brought together with an audience that appreciated their talents.
Every Friday night begining at 8:00pm, from mid-May until mid-October, the hall springs to life, when some of the best traditional musicians PEI has to offer play at the Irish Cultural Centre.
$12 adults, $5 children under 12.
For more information visit The Benevolent Irish Society Website or find them on FacebookTo all,
First of all enjoy the games today. That said.
I felt compelled to double post this both National and within the GNAC forums. Since this is such a dramatic issue that is at the forefront of everything wrong with todays collegiate educational system, total lack of institutional governance, flagrant lack of Athletic department transparency, and the arrogance of upper campus---all and I mean all at the expense of a community, a student body, 100 plus young men, their families, coaches and their families, alumni and ex green and gold players.
Yet these young men and HC Smith and staff against all odds---kept an unheard of focus and love within the program to finish at 8-2, within the top 25 all year long and as you see chose to enjoy what they could control. Great stuff, yet sick to ones stomach with what the President of HSU and its AD has gotten away with!
Default Drive On! A Season With Humboldt State Football Episode 10 CWU
If you can't get fired up about how great the youth of college small ball is, GNAC, HSU issues, what you deal with at this level and much other!
And you would not know for a moment on what or why what HSU ADMIN is self creating! Gotta love Coach Smith, staff and the character of these young men!
Big Hoss time!
BookmarksShop Big Business Poster PreviousDeep Vally, Shallow Breath Screen Print NextCanopy Ceramic Mug Big Business Poster Big Business Poster 20.00 Screen printed poster for Big Business for their Antwerp, Belgium show on April 6th, 2017. 12 x 24 inches. 2 screens on 100 lb French Paper. Edition of 80. Signed and numbered. Quantity: Add To Cart Facebook0 Twitter Google LinkedIn0 StumbleUpon Reddit Tumblr Pinterest0You may be travelling to a different country for the first time. It would be imperative that you gain requisite information on the nation and its surroundings to make the most of your stay there. You would be required to make the most of your stay in the region with requisite knowledge about the country. The question to ponder upon would be how to gain requisite knowledge about any nation. The simplest answer would be surfing the online realm. With technology at your behest, you need not search for requisite information anywhere else. All you would need is a computer and internet connectivity. You would be able to find the right answer to your queries in least possible time.
Searching for embassy online
When it comes to searching for embassy online, you should look forward to consul info. The website has been specifically designed to cater to your specific needs in the right manner. The website would provide to your embassy finding needs worldwide. In case, you were searching for location of embassy across the world, you would receive comprehensive information on the location along with reports of any diplomatic mission undertaken by the embassy. It would serve your purpose in the right manner.
What does the website offer?
When it comes to gaining requisite and relevant information on Canadian embassy, your best bet would be consul info. The website would provide you with updated reports. In case, there are any reports of diplomatic missions across the world, the website would provide you with relevant information instantly. They would regularly update any information on new embassy or consulate listed with them. They would also provide the people with the option of giving relevant information on new embassy or consulate not listed with consul.info. The website looks for feedbacks from their customers and visitors to ensure the website has been providing to the needs of the people in the best manner possible.Get top industry experience
NOISEfestival.com is more than just a virtual gallery for the best new talent. The currently unfunded ‘Dream Jobs’ initiative offers young creatives the chance to work with companies at the top of their game. Dream Jobs allows NOISE artists to add workplace experience and employability skills to their portfolio.
In June 2008, NOISE Dream Jobs was launched by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Alistair Darling, at the NOISE HQ in Manchester.
Other companies offering placements for NOISE Dream Jobs include MTV London and Sao Paolo, Zaha Hadid Architects, wallpaper manufacturer Graham & Brown, architecture magazine Blueprint, BBC Television and Cheshire-based Mackinnon and Saunders, providers of animation puppets and models for Hollywood director Tim Burton and others. NOISE curator Wayne Hemingway continues.
NOISE artists are the most talented and skilled placements we have ever had at Hemingway Design.
Wayne Hemingway
"NOISEfestival.com is a crucial initiative that will not only enhance our cultural well being but also benefit the nation's economic well being. The UK's manufacturing economy has declined but our creative sectors are booming with a current contribution to the economy of some £14 billion. NOISE is good for the pocket and for the soul.
If you would like to offer a NOISE Dream Job placement at your company, please Get in Touch and we will do the match making.
If you are a NOISE Creative and want to be in with a chance to be matched to a top creative company, tick the Dream Job Box on your profile.- Gore
- Profanity
Many reasons led to the downfall of humanity. One of the primaries was the betrayal of the Monarchs toward the Sage Kings that held the key to human survival. After the civil war between the Sage Kings and the Monarchs, humanity strength was sap away so severely it could no longer defend against the oncoming army of monsters that came from the abyss. But still, they held out as long as they could until they were finally snuffed out by the Supreme Gods that was released from their bindings.
However, even until the end, when almost every other Sage King perish to the might of the Supreme Gods. The Sage King of Combat, Aten, fought bravely until the very end and manage to take down four of the thirteen Supreme Gods before dying. But suddenly when Aten expected death to whisk him away, he actually found himself at the beginning of his journey during the Time of Pandemonium.
Not willing to waste this opportunity he was given.
Aten vow to slay all the Supreme Gods this time and correct the past mistakes of Humanity to create a brighter future.
- Overall Score
-
- Style Score
-
- Story Score
-
- Character Score
-
- Grammar Score
-
- Total Views :
- 6,226
- Average Views :
- 519
- Followers :
- 47
- Favorites :
- 6
- Ratings :
- 6
- Pages :
- 49
Advertisement
Leave a review
- Overall Score
-
Though the reincarnation genre is a bit overused, i feel the story offers a lot of potential and can turn out to be a fantastic story from what i've read of the first 10 chapters. Hope that it keeps going."Liberation is a task for the Cuban people – now with greater hope because we are definitely on the verge, on the threshold of truth and liberation. That is our hope." - Oswaldo Paya, March 29, 2012
Oswaldo José Payá Sardiñas died as he lived seeking the liberation of an island nation enslaved to communist totalitarianism for over 53 years. When asked in an interview whether Cuba was a dictatorship his response demonstrated his clear thinking. He said that Cuba was not a dictatorship but that there was a dictatorship in Cuba oppressing Cubans. He did not identify the Cuban nation or its identity with repression. He recognized the existence of the dictatorship but that it was also an aberration that needed to be overcome not a permanent part of the Cuban identity.
Harold Cepero was expelled from University for advocating and gathering signatures for the Varela Project. A citizen initiative that was supposedly legal according to the dictatorship's constitution. He began his activism as a youth leader of the Christian Liberation Movement.
They lived their lives resisting tyranny and advocating liberation and living the lives of a free men until the day they died. Oswaldo died at age 60 seeking nonviolent democratic change for over forty years. There is controversy surrounding the circumstances of his death and that of his young compatriot Harold Cepero in an accident that may have been a set up by Cuban State Security to murder these Cuban patriots.
We will join Oswaldo Paya's widow and all people of good will in demanding that an international organization investigate with transparency the circumstances surrounding this accident and the deaths of these two great Cuban exemplars.
In the mean time we will not focus on how Oswaldo and Harold died but how they lived their lives to obtain the freedom of the Cuban people. We will honor their legacy by continuing the struggle for liberation.Mercy Medical Center Dubuque is the leading hospital in the tri states, with the most comprehensive cardiology center in the area and the only level II regional. Gardless of the prompt, you should always address the question of why you want to go to medical school in. April 2014, it was announced that. Nnect with us!How Rousseau Predicted Trump The Enlightenment philosophers attack on cosmopolitan lites now seems prophetic. Us, web hosting software. Additional Tips for a Successful Medical School Essay. joined to The essay must be no fewer than 700 and no more than 1,500 words in length. Save on EarthLink's award winning Internet services for your home: dial up, DSL, high speed cable more. In 2010, Ransom Riggs visited the island of Poveglia in the Venice Lagoon—also known as the most haunted island in the world.
- Nsc english paper 1 essay
- Process essay about job interview
- Research design in thesis
- Nhl future goals essay
- Essay candide voltaire
- Many references masters dissertation
- Iran pakistan gas pipeline essay definition
- Adoption definition essay on beauty
- Gay adoption argument essay sample
- Honours thesis biochemistry
288 guest rooms. Dive Master Insurance are diving insurance specialists covering scuba diving, recreational sports diver market, professional divers the associated diveThe Colonial Williamsburg Foundation. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Joy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Joy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Onialwilliamsburg.. Ecial Events, Lodging, Dining. Sit. Xury and business accommodations in State College. Welcome to Johnson Regional Medical Center. Dive Master Insurance are diving insurance specialists covering scuba diving, recreational sports diver market, professional divers the associated diveSome patients go to a hospital just for diagnosis, treatment, or therapy and then leave ("outpatients") without staying overnight; while others are "admitted" and. An your visit to Colonial Williamsburg's Historic Area. Hnson Regional Medical Center has been serving the population of Johnson, Logan, Franklin and Pope counties since.
C vector assign
I'm sad to see 2015 go, but absolutely thrilled to start a new year! Though I don't think it's very healthy to make a bunch of unrealistic resolutions that will be nearly impossible to keep, I do think that setting some goals for the year is a fantastic thing to do! Here are a few of my goals this year (maybe you guys can keep me accountable hehe)
1. Be more active in general. I'd like to start walking the dog at least once a day. Optimistically, I'd also love (but actually hate) to start running again...but we'll see about that.
2. Bench press 135 lbs.
3. Start culinary school. This one's a bit iffy, since Mack and I have no idea where we'll be going after he finishes a school, but I'd love to try to go back to school at our next station.
4. Master a few culinary items I haven't tried yet: macarons, eggs benedict, croissants, crème brûlée and maybe even salmon en croûte.
5. Get really good at knitting.
6. Possibly start an etsy shop. This is another one I'm a little uncertain of, but if I can get to the point where I feel my cards and knitting projects are good enough to sell, I think this would be super fun!
7. Continue blogging. I'd like to do at least 10 posts a month.
8. Create a minimalistic and neutral wardrobe.
9. Step out of my comfort zone a bit. I'm not really sure how, but I'd like to do some things I normally wouldn't, be a little braver.
10. Perfect winged eyeliner. Hehe.
11. Stop drinking soda (and other sugary drinks).
12. Stop feeling guilty about things that I shouldn't.
13. Start waking up earlier.
I'm sure I'll add to this list over time, but it feels good to have some goals set for the year! Hopefully I can accomplish some of them. What are your goals/resolutions? Happy 2016!Three Willows Christmas Bazaar
« Back to Events
This event has passed.
- Event:
- Date:
- Updated:
Three Willows Christmas Bazaar
Location
Three Willows United Church
577 Willow Rd.
Guelph, ON
577 Willow Rd.
Guelph, ON
Event Description
THREE WILLOWS CHRISTMAS BAZAAR featuring 30+ local vendors. Come early for the CHRISTMAS COOKIE WALK and stay to browse through the many vendors. Join us for our COMMUNITY BREAKFAST followed by Peameal BACON ON A BUN for lunch. There will be unique eco-friendly gifts made from re-cycled materials, knitted and crochet items, fashion jewellery, toys, Christmas decor as well as some of your favorite names in beauty and personal care.Buying a brand new car isn’t the best route for some consumers. These consumers prefer the no-hassle world of lower monthly payments, better tax advantages, and fewer maintenance headaches. With new model year sales deals come new model year lease deals. Leasing is a lot like renting. The landlord sets the price, keeps the assets and most of the headaches. This appeal is what draws millions of buyers every year to leasing. However, just because you’re not looking to purchase doesn’t mean you’re forbidden from looking for the best deals. Here are some of the best lease deals and incentives available for August of 2011.
Ford
Ford is starting off the new model year with lease deals on the 2012 Focus SE, Fusion SEL, and Mustang V6 Coupe. They’ve priced
some even lower deals for the 2011 models that are still on the lots. Here’s a look at what they have to offer:
2012 Ford Focus SE $209/month for 24 months/$2,178 due at signing.
2012 Ford Fusion SEL $229/month for 24 months/$2,846 due at signing.
2012 Ford Mustang V6 Coupe $258/month for 36 months/$2,637 due at signing.
2011 Ford Fusion SE $199/month for 24 months/$3,401 due at signing.
2011 Ford Taurus SEL $299/month for 24 months/$3,158 due at signing.
GM
The Chevrolet line is topping GM’s list of lease deals and incentives this month. However, they are all for the 2011 line.
2011 Chevy Malibu w/1LS $179/month for 39 months/$1,999 due at signing.
2011 Chevy Impala w/1LS $299/month for 39 months/$3,899 due at signing.
2011 Chevy Cruze w/MH8/2LS $169/month for 39 months/$1,849 due at signing.
2011 Chevy Corvette w/1LT $599/month for 39 months/$3,609 due at signing.
Honda
Honda is offering a zero-down event for lease offers on the 2011 model year. Those are usually the best times for leases. The new
model year features some nice monthly payments on the Civic, but no zero-down deals.
2012 Honda Civic Sedan $189/month for 36 months/$2,599 due at signing.
2011 Honda Accord Coupe $270/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
2011 Honda Accord Crosstour $310/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
2011 Honda Accord Sedan $240/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
2011 Honda CR-V 2WD LX $280/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
2011 Honda Odyssey LX $360/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
2011 Honda Pilot $340/month for 35 months/$0 due at signing.
Hyundai
Hyundai are starting their 2012 model year lease deals in August this year, getting a jump on several competitors. Here some of the models they have up for dibs.
2012 Hyundai Accent $169/month for 36 months/$1,699 due at signing.
2012 Hyundai Elantra $179/month for 36 months/$1,999 due at signing.
2012 Hyundai Sonata $199/month for 36 months/$2,599 due at signing.
2012 Hyundai Genesis $399/month for 36 months/$3,499 due at signing.
Toyota
Toyota’s lease deals aren’t quite enough to make you jump up out of your seat, but they’re not bad either, considering you’d be driving one of the most reliable makes on the road.
2011 Toyota Avalon $379/month for 36 months/$2,999 due at signing.
2011 Toyota Camry $199/month for 36 months/$1,799 due at signing.
2011 Toyota Corolla $179/month for 36 months/$2,399 due at signing.
2011 Toyota Venza $279/month for 36 months/$3,099 due at signing.
Search used cars for sale and find the best deals near you at iSeeCars.com.
To get a FREE iSeeCars VIN Report for a car, click here.Caen - Lille (France - Ligue 1)
The match Caen - Lille started at 20:00 on 5 December 2015 at Stade Michel d'Ornano, Caen. The referee of the match was Said Ennjimi.
Match result Caen - Lille
The match ended with the result 1 : 2 (halftime result 0 : 1).
Yellow cards: Alaeddine Yahia (31'), Jonathan Delaplace (79') - Sofiane Boufal (63'), Yassine Benzia (63'), Vincent Enyeama :00 Ca
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive France section.On this episode of Youth Baseball Talk, Jim welcomes in his new co-host, Spiker Helms and the guys have some advice for all the kids out there who have made it through baseball tryouts. Spiker is a lifelong baseball fan and player, playing his college baseball at Missouri State, and now teaches youth baseball players the correct way to play the game. Spiker is also known for his fantastic work with the tournamentguy.com.By Anne Krook
At the Future Humanities conference in Montreal last week, career consultant Anne Krook led a well-received workshop for graduate students interested in careers outside the academy. She also gave the plenary lecture, entitled “From Being to Doing: Mobilizing the Humanities,” the text of which she has kindly agreed to share here.
The author of “Now What Do I Say?”: Practical Workplace Advice for Younger Women, available in paperback and as an ebook, Anne consults, speaks, and writes on this and other workplace topics, including the transition from academe to the non-academic workplace. She also serves on the board of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, whose mission is to achieve full recognition of the civil rights of lesbians, gay men, transexuals, and those with HIV.HD Springer's Recent Activity
HD Springer replied to the thread The Nomad From Morwood.
Wow you really do make some of the most beautiful vaporizers. To be honest everything I’ve seen you do is beautiful. Every last detail....Jan 16, 2018 at 2:52 AM
HD Springer liked Dan Morrison's post in the thread The Nomad From Morwood.
Screw polishing jig. [IMG] Screw colouring. These are stainless steel screws, but the oxide colouring gives em' a more bronzey look....Jan 16, 2018 at 2:46 AM
HD Springer liked Saltysusej69's post in the thread DIY Milaana.
Hey guys, I have some updates on the 3d-printing/CAD stuff. I've started using OnShape.com which offers a pretty complete CAD solution...Jan 16, 2018 at 2:40 AM
HD Springer liked bellas's post in the thread DIY Milaana.
This and @Pipes Skeletor have got my artsy fartsy juices salavating like crazy! Vape on.Jan 15, 2018 at 6:35 PM
HD Springer replied to the thread NewVape FlowerPot Twax Vaporizer.
I don’t doubt that at all. I like to really fill my bowl when I do these high temp hits. And the sheer volume of vapor is totally mind...Jan 15, 2018 at 6:35 PM
HD Springer liked invertedisdead's post in the thread NewVape FlowerPot Twax Vaporizer.
IMO these high temp flower hits are quite a bit stronger than extracts. I was dabbing some greasy rosin yesterday dipped in 99.9% THC-A...Jan 15, 2018 at 6:22 PM
HD Springer replied to the thread DIY Milaana.
I agree with what your saying. But I’m not sure that would be possible with this set up. But at the same time with what we’ve seen just...Jan 15, 2018 at 6:21 PM
HD Springer liked Other Side's post in the thread DIY Milaana.
I just want to highlight something. This is for PERSONAL USE. People should not go into an agreement with Ryan to buy parts, suck...Jan 15, 2018 at 6:10 PM
HD Springer replied to the thread NewVape FlowerPot Twax Vaporizer.
I’m running the WA right now. I originally thought I needed to run the WA about 100 (730)deg higher then I was the SH(630). However I...Jan 15, 2018 at 6:03 PM
HD Springer liked Diggy Smalls's post in the thread DIY Milaana.
This sounds really cool. From my understanding is that it's open source. Use their plans and make your own, or buy one if the kits and...Jan 15, 2018 at 5:30 PM
HD Springer liked RastaBuddhaTao's post in the thread DIY Milaana.
@P.A.M thanks for the feedback. Yes, kits will be sold at various difficulty level... the easiest being all parts are provide finished...Jan 15, 2018 at 5:27 PM
HD Springer liked Zow237's post in the thread For Sale Glass and 16mm fp set.
– SOL ccg incycler 14 mm glass piece use only a few times just an absolute beast and flavor monster asking 50+ shipp – Custom US glass...Jan 15, 2018 at 5:20 PM
HD Springer liked invertedisdead's post in the thread NewVape FlowerPot Twax Vaporizer.
I like to switch to a bigger bong for those higher temp hits. It makes so much vapor that traditional vaporizer bubbler rules go out the...Jan 15, 2018 at 3:30 AM
HD Springer liked grokit's post in the thread Discontinued Zion vaporizer.
Schrödinger's vaporizer; while no zion is perfect, all zions are perfect in their own way :tup: :hmm: :lol:Jan 14, 2018 at 3:45 PM
HD Springer liked KeroZen's post in the thread Discontinued Zion vaporizer.
Didn't know they could be upgraded, but my Zions are perfect as is, I don't want to change anything nor have them be away from me.Jan 14, 2018 at 3:44 PMEvents
In Praise of Love
Saturday, April 5, 2008 - 7:30pm
In conjunction with the Graduate Cinema Conference on April 4-5, the Film Studies Center and the Experimental Film Club present several programs devoted to essay films and experimental documentaries. In Praise of Love (Jean-Luc Godard, 2001, 97 minutes) is a mesmerizing and lyrical meditation on love, and the role history and memory play in shaping human consciousness, past and present. Structured in two parts, the film opens in paris, where Edgar is attempting to develop a film about love. During the casting process he discovers a woman that he's sure he's met before. In the second part, Edgar interviews an elderly couple - former Resistance fighters - only to find that their memories are being bought up for a Hollywood film.
Co-sponsored by Committee on Cinema & Media Studies, France Chicago Center, University of Chicago Student Activities Board, The Adelyn Russell Bogert Endowment Fund of the Franke Institute for the HumanitiesWhen people ask how I'm doing since James left, I typically reply with "I'm fine, he'll be home before I know it". I tell people this because if I really stop and think about it, I will end up in tears. To be completely honest, I am doing fine and I do know that the time will fly by but there are still moments that are unavoidable, that I miss him so much and just wish I could hold him in my arms. Last time James was gone for nine months total but at that time James and I weren't married and living together. I knew this time would be different, going from spending every day together to none at all. It amazes me that after 8 1/2 years, I still am able to love him more and more with every passing day. I am so thankful James has the opportunity to call most nights and send Facebook messages, emails, and even Skype on occasion. I don't know how couples dealt with only being able to send letters back and forth with no other avenue of communication.
God has blessed me with friends and family who have helped me succeed with keeping busy. I know I sound like a crazy cat lady when I say this but I also don't know what I would do without my cats, Smokie and Bandit. It's crazy how they know when I am upset, and they comfort me. Two nights ago I was crying and Bandit (our semi evil cat) licked the tears off my face and curled up with me all night long.
This is Bandit, the semi evil cat.
I'm sitting here trying to think of the exciting things I have done since James left, the people and events that have kept me busy over the past two months. Of course I was able to spend a lot of time with family throughout the holiday season. There are five other things that come to mind.
1. My sister-in-law Emily and her husband Nathan just purchased a house so I got to help them paint a few rooms and move them in. It's so exciting to see Emily, Nathan and Rosie in a house where they can expand their family one day.
2. Tara taught me how to crochet. I have wanted to learn how to do this for a long time but for some reason when I tried to learn the first time, years ago, I really struggled with just using one crochet hook rather than two knitting needles. I was meaning for this hat to fit an adults head but you can see by the photo that it is meant for a child's head, so my little sister ended up with an extra Christmas gift. :-) Now I can check "learn to crochet" off my bucket list....I never said the crochet project had to turn out exactly as planned.
3. I've always had a fascination with wanting to learn how to fix cars and wanting to learn the skill of carpentry. The reason I haven't attempted either of these things before is that I don't want to break a nail....not because I'm a girly girl, just because I have to keep my nails nice for work. This month, with my brother Jon, I learned how to replace a slave cylinder on an Eclipse. It's amazing how something so small can stain your nails so badly. It was worth it. I will have to save carpentry for another day.
4. I spent New Years Eve on Fourth Street in Louisville with my mom, dad, and brother Jon. Even though it was killing me not to be with James that night, it was nice to be with my family. It was the first New Years I spent with both of my parents together that I have any recollection of. I just wish my older brother Joe could have been there as well....and Micki of course. :-) The street was packed and a live band was playing. They even had a ball drop at midnight. I would highly recommend New Years on Fourth Street. Just know that every bar is a $30 cover.... restaurants are free.
5. I got my Concealed Carry License! I went shooting several times, then took my classes with Jensine and Jamie at Woodhill Training which I would highly recommend. They made the classes interesting. I was expected something like drivers ed where you just sit and read from a book for 8 hours straight. It was not like that at all. They set you up in different scenarios where you are getting money out of an ATM when someone confronts you. Sometimes you got attacked, sometimes he just asked for the time. Every situation was different so it was interesting to see how everyone responded to the scenarios. You also have to shoot 30 rounds at the class. Some of the people who attended had never shot before which meant that they needed a lot of help. The shooting portion was very structured. You had to load for first clip and wait for further instructions. Once you shoot your first 10 rounds, you are asked to load your next clip. Halfway through my second clip, the instructor asked me to run in place while shooting. Still made every shot well within the target. Jensine and Jamie did the same.
Now I just need to figure out what to do these next four months. :-)Winner of the
Follow two young families as they.Join us for the 2nd Annual Chief Financial Rally for Rochester 5K presented by the Rochester Area Jaycees around the Rochester Municipal Park! All proceeds from the race will go directly towards the development of a safe and accessible playground for children with special needs in our community
Check-in begins at 8:15 am with a race start time of 9:00 am. All runners who register for early bird or regular registration will receive a t-shirt for participating.
Whether or not you participate in the race, you can also support the development of the playground by donating directly to the project!
WHEN: Sunday, August 20, 2017 from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM (EDT) – Add to Calendar
WHERE: Rochester Municipal Park – Paint Creek Trail, Rochester, MI 48307 – View Map
If you’re interested in the benefits of sponsoring this or one of our other events, contact us at: info@rajc.org
Sponsors
APPSC Group 3 Recruitment Notification 2018 {psc.ap.gov.in}
Contents
- 1 APPSC Group 3 Recruitment Notification 2018 {psc.ap.gov.in}
Andhra Pradesh PSC Group 3rd Recruitment 2018: APPSC Group 3 Notification Details of AP Important Dates Check Here. Hello, Aspirants..!!! If you are looking for the Government Jobs in Andhra Pradesh. Then here is the greatest article for you. As Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC), Department has recently released the job notification for 5800 Vacancies of Group 3 Panchayat Raj Secretary. It is an excellent opportunity to make your career in Public Service Commission Government Jobs. Aspirants must read our whole article. And if they are eligible for APPSC Group 3rd Panchayat Raj Vacancy 2018. It is the latest notification which is released by the APPSC department.
APPSC Panchayat Secretary Group 3rd Vacancy Application Form 2018 is started from Jan/Feb 2018. Job Hunters who are looking for Government Jobs in Andhra Pradesh Region can check the eligibility criteria for 5800 Group 3 Panchayat Raj Secretary vacant seats. Interested & Eligible aspirants of APPSC Panchayat Secretary Recruitment 2018 have to fill & submit the application form via online mode. Aspirants have to submit the application form on or till the last date of submitting challan to avoid the server problems. It is good chance for Jobless individuals to grab these 5800 APPSC Panchayat Raj Jobs. Direct link of APPSC Recruitment is given below, aspirants can apply for APPSC Group 3 Jobs with the help of given link. For more latest job updates candidates must follow indiajobsdekho.com
Brief Details About APPSC Group 3 Recruitment Notification 2018
Name of Conducting Authority: Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC)
Name of Posts: Group 3 Panchayat Raj Secretary Posts
Total Number of Vacancies: 5800 Vacancies
Location: Andhra Pradesh, India
Regarding Article: APPSC Group 3 Recruitment Notification 2018
Application Fee: Check the official notification
Starting Date of Application Form: Jan/ Feb 2018
Due Date of Application Form: Feb/ March 2018
Age Limit: Minimum 18 Years & Maximum 36 Years
Educational Criteria: Graduation or equivalent from the recognized post
Salary Criteria: Refer the official weblink
Selection Process: Screen Test, Mains Examination, Verification of Documents
Official Website:
APPSC Panchayat Raj Secretary Jobs Important Dates
APPSC Panchayat Raj Secretary Group 3rd Vacancy Eligibility Criteria 2018
Application Fee: Candidates can refer the official website to check the application fee to Apply for Andhra Pradesh PSC Group 3rd Jobs 2018
Education & Qualification: Graduation or it’s equivalent from any recognized university or board for the Andhra Pradesh Group 3rd Panchayat Raj Secretary Vacancy 2018
Age Limit: To apply for the jobs in Andhra Pradesh PSC Group 3rd Panchayat Raj Secretary Recruitment 2018, candidates age limit should be in between 18 to 36 years.
Salary Criteria: Candidates must refer the official notification to check the Payscale for APPSC Jobs 2018.
Selection Process For APPSC Panchayat Raj Secretary Group 3rd Recruitment 2018
- Screening Exam
- Mains Examination
- Verification of Documents
Click Here To Apply For APPSC Panchayat Raj Secretary Group 3rd Recruitment 2018The Cracchiolo Law Library of the James E. Rogers College of Law and the University of Arizona School of Information offer a Fellowship in Law Librarianship for lawyers seeking to become law librarians. The Fellowship program began in 2001 and our graduates have been placed in law school, university, court, and law firm libraries across the country.
Fellows work 20 hours a week in the law library in a variety of professional roles while attending the University of Arizona's School of Information, obtaining their M.L.I.S. degree. The salary is $13,000 per year and includes full university benefits (health care, sick and vacation days, etc.) and tuition remission. Fellows have up to two years to complete the program, but most complete it in a year and a half. It is also possible to graduate in as little as one calendar year.
Acceptance into the Fellowship depends upon acceptance into the School of Information program, which applicants must apply to separately. Please visit the University of Arizona Careers website at for additional information.
Minimum Qualifications:
ContinueAlright, here we go, Round 2 of what I'm thankful for.
November 7:
I am thankful for financial stability. These are hard times for many, those crushed under a mountain of debt, living paycheck to paycheck, barely scraping by. I've been there, I know full well how awful it can be.
November 8:
As a part 2 to the previous days thought, I'm thankful for the financial goals I've accomplished over the last few years. I'm thankful for the knowledge I've gained and the decisions I've made.
November 9:
My good health, both physically and mentally. This hasn't always been the case but now that I'm right as rain I refuse to take it for granted.
November 10:
Living in southern New England, in my opinion it's the prettiest place in the country. Plus, we've got all 4 seasons for nearly equal amounts of time.
November 11:
Being an American. I have nothing against other countries, but I happen to love mine and the people who dedicate their lives to protecting it. This is in honor of Veterans Day and my 2 veteran grandfathers who are no longer with us (one of which passed away on 11/11).
November 12:
Sunshine, as the days grow shorter and colder there is something so rejuvenating about the sun on your face.
November 13:
Camping and the fact that I have people willing to experience it with me.
Camping and the fact that I have people willing to experience it with me.
And what are you thankful for?
I'm thankful for having a buddy with daughter as cool as you -- nice post!!
Thanks Scotty!Charles “Chuck” Edelstein, a retired senior judge in the 11th Judicial Circuit and national consultant on court management, began his career in 1965 as an assistant state attorney in the powder keg office of the late State Attorney Richard Gerstein. Gerstein was the Dade County prosecutor who uncovered the first direct links between the Watergate burglary and the White House of President Richard M. Nixon, who wintered in Key Biscayne.
The office, which featured future Circuit Court Judge and former Miami Beach Mayor Seymour Gelber, Janet Reno, and the late Miami trial lawyer Edward Carhart, turned out a legal team who mentored one another and became lifelong friends.
Edelstein died Tuesday at his Coral Gables home after a six-month battle with cancer. He was 78.
“Chuck was an inspiration to all of us,” said Tom Petersen, who spent 25 years as a circuit judge in Miami-Dade. “We were all better people for having known him.”
Never miss a local story.
The two met in 1966 when Petersen moved to Miami after law school. “He was responsible for me getting my first job with the State Attorney’s office in the diversion program for first offenders,” Petersen said. “Sy [Gelber] was his mentor and my mentor and we’ve all remained friends.”
Chuck was a man for all seasons. A talented guy who had a tremendous range of interests. A judge. An author. A consultant. A professor. A photographer.
Judge Tom Petersen.
Defense lawyer James McGuirk, a former assistant state attorney, also came of age with Edelstein in Gerstein’s office. They met as 17-year-old freshman at the University of Florida.
“We were young idealists. He grew older but he never changed. He became a father, a prosecutor, an appellate lawyer, a judge and a court management specialist — and always an idealist,” McGuirk said. “The best thing I can say about him is Seymour Gelber thought the world of him.”
Gelber, now 97, agreed. “Oh boy, was he idealistic,” he said. “A great lawyer. Loved the law.” Edelstein didn’t brandish his stature, Gelber said, “but he let himself be heard. He spoke out and was a powerful speaker. He wasn’t going to win over the world but he was my man.”
Gov. Bob Graham appointed Edelstein to the bench in 1979. He later coordinated the design and construction and renovation of courtrooms and buildings in Miami-Dade as an assistant court administrator and director of court facilities for the 11th Judicial Circuit.
Edelstein, an outdoors man and marathon runner, turned into an award-winning photographer in 2015 when Defenders of Wildlife awarded his photograph of a wild wolf family in Alaska’s Denali National Park its grand prize. He was also a law professor and director of the trial advocacy program at the University of Miami.
The Neptune, New Jersey-born Edelstein spearheaded reforms in caseload management practices in Miami-Dade, Seminole and Brevard counties. The Criminal Law Section of the Florida Bar honored him in 2015 for his role in reducing jail population.
In one of his letters to the Miami Herald’s editorial pages, Edelstein, then a senior judge in 2008, wrote: “Effective, relevant education and decent-paying jobs give kids a stake in the community and a future with hope and dignity. With a paycheck and self-esteem, crime rates will fall.”
Edelstein’s survivors include his wife Diane, his children Shari and Amy, four grandchildren, and his brother Joel. A memorial will be at 5 p.m. July 20 at Newman Alumni Center at the University of Miami, 6200 San Amaro Dr., Coral Gables. Contributions can be sent to Save Our Sisters in Miami and the Nederland Community Library Foundation, P.O. Box 1226, Nederland, Colorado, 80466.
Howard Cohen: 305-376-3619, @HowardCohenCOMMERCIAL INSURANCE
Janata Personal Accident - Group
This insurance pays specified benefits if the insured sustains bodily injury resulting solely and directly from accident caused by outward violent and visible means.
The minimum sum insured is Rs. 25000/- and maximum Rs. 1,00,000/- per person per annum.
Scope of Cover
Death due to accident
100% of Sum Insured for death due to accident
PTD due to accident
100% of Sum Insured for PTD due to accident
Loss of 1 eye or 1 limb
50% of Sum Insured for loss of 1 eye or 1 limb
Loss of 2 limbs,1 eye and 1 limb or 2 eyes
100% of Sum Insured for loss of 2 limbs,1 eye and 1 limb or 2 eyes
Disclaimer For complete details of Policy coverage, terms, conditions and exclusions, please refer the policy wordings. Click here to view Policy Wordings. are required to ensure high quality care and timely access to appropriate mental health and drug and alcohol services, and to facilitate effective coordination with other needed services. Each HealthChoices consumer is assigned a Behavioral Health Managed Care Organization (BH-MCO) based on his or her county of residence. Members, then, have a choice of Behavioral Health Care providers within the BH-MCO's network. You can use the following chart to determine the BH-MCO that operates in your county, and click the corresponding link provided to access their webpage.The Sanctuary
The Sanctuary is a respite for pray-ers throughout New England, and a place where believers come daily to rest, refresh, hear from God and return to do the work of the ministry. Through Prayer Schools, retreats, leadership forums, and days set apart to fast and pray, God’s people are renewed and revived in His presence. Your gifts of support make it possible for us to offer this place based on freewill donations.
The story is miraculous…write your name into this story through your generous gifts.New RPL Report published by the National Forum for the Enhancement of Teaching and Learning
Published on: Thursday, 19 November 2015
Find a Course at CIT
Student Services
Cutting Edge Research
CIT Extended Campus
Telephone and Email Addresses
CIT offers full-time, part-time and specialist courses in Art, Business and Humanities, Computing and Information Technology, Engineering, Media, Music, Nautical Studies, and Science.
Published on: Thursday, 19 November 2015Maundy Thursday. Women’s Walking Workshop.Virtual Labyrinth Walk. May Day. World Labyrinth Day. Looking up labyrinths along an oval path from Cedar Rapids to McAllen, Texas, and back via Arkansas. Frelinghuysen Arboretum Labyrinth. The report that several people, interviewed about the new facilities for Indian Creek Nature Center, mentioned the value of a labyrinth. Clearing out and welcoming in the Laughing Labyrinth. Veriditas.
One after the other, formal and informal labyrinth walk opportunities have presented themselves. They have formed a colorful potpourri of experiences, memories and anticipations.
The response to the Maundy Thursday invitation to walk Christ Church’s canvas labyrinth was of warmth and gratefulness. The sharing quiet and simple. On pilgrim was reminded of a river in Washington State. Another of walking a balance beam and of her dad who was a gymnastics’ instructor. Of fear and accomplishment. While I often feel unsure inside, an experienced colleague assured me that outwardly, calm is what people feel when I facilitate. That’s very good to know because I do work to be a presence that facilitates the pilgrims’ experiences.
What a spectacular day greeted us when participants at the Women’s Walking Workshop joined me at the recently burned Prairie Labyrinth. Across the bridge and through the lowland trees, they chatted. Just before we stepped into the prairie, I gathered and centered the 23 walkers asking them to begin settling into a contemplative mode. So, silently we walked through the winter stalks to the fresh start of the burn area: stark, open, brilliantly chartreuse, peaceful. We gave thanks to the four cardinal points and the energies they bring to us. We symbolically opened the labyrinth and then, I held space as each woman entered. With a silent nod from me each rang the little bell and began. One stepped aside for another, momentarily “lost her way”, paused and looked at me. I just shifted my head in the direction that I knew she wanted to go. She stepped over and continued. Pretty amazing. A herd of deer, startled by the “cheetah” group of walkers, dashed along Bena Brook in the distance. Hawks soared overhead. Some “cheetahs” joined us. How interesting that they individually shifted from the “busy” mode to the contemplative mode when they approached and walked. Nothing was said. Again, pretty amazing. After the last person left, I closed the labyrinth and walked quietly back to the barn, joining all for a delicious lunch that staff and volunteers had prepared. Several participants expressed their appreciation of that simple, quiet facilitation. Reassuring.
Kathy Davis with Illuminations and I cooked up two walks: May Day the second cross-quarter day of the year, and World Labyrinth Walk Day on May 3rd. Circumstances prevented Kathy from physically joining us, so I walked and held space for her. May Day was cold but five of us braved the ever present persistent winter-like weather and caravaned to Solon, IA. Dick Schwab has created a truly spiritual place which he generously shares. People explored, asked questions and Mark knows Dick Schwab from previous work. Teri, an architect herself was fascinated with the barn and the arch. All of us appreciated the recycling efforts of using old materials. Amy shared that each time she has walked a labyrinth she has felt light and joyful for several days after. (This revelation she expressed for the first time since the September 2012 Labyrinth Workshop with Sandi Ohlen. Wow. And, Amy
joined us at the Women’s Walking Workshop because I was facilitating. That was a humbling reinforcement for me that, yes, this is important and valuable work I am doing.) Sue pointed out that the walks and labyrinth are like a quilt pattern. We need each piece to complete the whole.
Saturday’s World Labyrinth Day walk was the polar opposite in weather from Thursday’s walk. Teri and I waited while a group of young women walked barefoot. One tracing patterns and words in the sand. When we walked we saw hearts, a bunny and Faith, Joy, Journey, I Can Heal The World, Love that had been scratched in the sand. A deer quietly walked past – a totem for Teri who connects deer and her Dad.
In both the Solon and Prairiewoods walked I facilitated but also walked. The group was small and composed of people I know.
The Laughing Labyrinth is cleared out from last year’s stalks and feathers – both respectfully burned. New plants emerge. The birds are nesting. The magnolia tree has blessed the ground with pink and white blossoms and now leaves are emerging.
My role is becoming more clear to me. So, as spring waltzes down the path, Veriditas is indeed happening in many venues.Vice Media announced Tuesday that a pair of top executives have been sidelined amid a sexual harassment scandal that has unsettled the Brooklyn-based upstart.
In a memo to staff obtained by CNNMoney, Sarah Broderick — Vice’s chief financial officer and chief operating officer — said that company president Andrew Creighton and chief digital officer Mike Germano have each been put on leave, more than a week after the New York Times published a highly-anticipated article that included allegations against each of them.
Over Christmas weekend, the New York Times published an exhaustive, front page story detailing claims of misconduct and misogyny at Vice, and highlighting four settlements reached regarding allegations of sexual harassment or defamation.
One such settlement, the Times reported, was reached in 2016 with a former Vice employee who said she was fired after rejecting a relationship with Creighton. Vice denied the allegations, asserting in a letter to the accuser’s lawyer reported by the Times that it was the accuser who pursued a relationship with Creighton and that she was sacked for poor performance. The ex-employee was paid $135,000 in the settlement, according to the Times.
The Times also spoke to two women who accused Germano, who founded Vice’s digital advertising agency Carrot, of inappropriate behavior, including one who claimed he said he didn’t want to hire her because he wanted to have sex with her. In a statement to the Times, Germano acknowledged the truth of a claim from another woman, who said he pulled her onto his lap at work event in a bar in 2014.
Germano said he apologized for the incident and “agreed at the time it was inappropriate,” adding that “it was resolved with the help of HR.”
Creighton and Germano are the only two individuals named in the Times story as having been the subject of allegations who are still employed at Vice, but their futures at the company are suddenly unclear.
Broderick said in the memo that the claims against Germano will be investigated by human resources and an external investigator — a process that she said Germano “has encouraged.” Creighton, meanwhile, will remain out of the office until a special committee of Vice’s board reviews the facts and offers a recommendation before a board meeting scheduled for January 11, Broderick said.
Broderick said that Creighton’s situation had been reviewed by an independent law firm at the time the allegation was made “and the claim was found to lack merit, but the Company agreed to settle the matter in order to avoid the expense and distraction of litigation.”
“As we said last week, there are details in the story that VICE believes were incomplete or misrepresented,” Broderick said in the memo.
Echoing what co-founders Shane Smith and Suroosh Alvi said in response to the Times’ story, Broderick noted that Vice intends to achieve pay parity by the end of this year. She also said that Vice is “committed to 50/50 male/female at every level across the organization by 2020,” and that mandatory sexual harassment training will be announced later this week.
The Times’ article, written by reporter Emily Steel, had been in the works for months, and it became the subject of rampant speculation and gossip in New York media circles.
Vice staffers waited nervously for it to drop, while the company’s brass worked on pre-emptive damage control. In November, Vice announced the creation of an all-female advisory board on workplace conduct, led by Gloria Steinem. But Steel, who also broke news last year on settlements involving then-Fox News star Bill O’Reilly, wasn’t the only reporter digging into Vice.
Shortly before the announcement of the advisory board, The Daily Beast published its own story on what it called Vice’s “toxic sexual-harassment culture.” The piece led to the suspension, and eventual firing, of Vice’s lead filmmaker Jason Mojica.
(Mojica has denied and disputed the claims made against him in both the Times and Daily Beast stories.)
But despite all the buildup to the Times piece, it drew a relatively muted reaction from the media world, much of which had gone dark due to the holidays. Smith and Alvi issued a statement after it was published, saying they “failed as a company to create a safe and inclusive workplace where everyone, especially women, can feel respected and thrive.”
But many former Vice employees, including some who participated in the Times story, felt that response was insufficient. In public on social media and in private, they bristled at the fact that executives like Creighton and Germano had escaped unscathed.
Helen Donahue, a former Vice employee whose sexual harassment allegations were included in the Times story, took aim at Smith, the company’s CEO.
“I’m gonna say it: Vice won’t be a safe place for women until Shane Smith steps down,” Donahue said on Twitter not long after the story was published. “Dismantle it from the top.”: Cleveland-Elyria
> Vehicle theft rate: 313.5 per 100,000 residents
> Total vehicles stolen in 2016: 6,689
> Most stolen car in Ohio: 2002 Dodge Caravan.Bruce Davidson has received the Outstanding Contribution to Photography Award at this year’s Sony World Photography Awards. A retrospective exhibition is showing at Somerset House until 22nd May and selected work will be on show at Chris Beetles from 4th to 28th May. Read feature by Sean O'Hagan and an interview from 2006 at American Suburb X.
The Sony World Photography Awards Photographer of the Year Award (L’Iris D’Or) went to Alejandro Chaskielberg for his portfolio of pictures taken while living with islanders in the Paraná river delta, Argentina.For full details of all category award winners see The Sony World Photography Awards website. Below is a selection of images from some of the portfolios:
Javier Arcenillas, from Citizens of Despair - winner: Photojournalism & Documentary: Current Affairs
Charles Emerson, A Rose from Auschwitz - 3rd place: Fine Art: Still Life
The Deutsche-Börse prize for photography, 2011, has been awarded to Jim Goldberg for his project Open See, documenting the experiences of refugees, immigrants and displaced people. (See also entries below)Control Your Android Device from your laptop using Wi-Fi
Yesterday I was flipping through an app magazine thanks to my boss Bobby and I stumbled upon AirDroid. After reading about the App I instantly downloaded it. I must say it’s awesome. Below is the description straight from Google Play are now on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube!
We may not be able to reply each of the mails we received, but we definitely will read all of your feedbacks and suggestions. We are still fixing some known bugs and trying to make more improvements in future updates.
Stay tuned and have fun with AirDroid! 🙂
Posted on March 15, 2012, in Apps, Play Store and tagged control android, remote android, wifi control. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment.Shuai Zhang - Maryna Zanevska (WTA Doha)
The match started at 09:00 on 11 February 2014.
Odds comparison
Below you will find a comparison of historical betting odds for the match between Shuai Zhang and Maryna Zanevska.
The comparison includes the following odds: Final result odds , 1st set winner odds , 1st player set win , 2nd player set win
2014-02-11 09:00 Shuai Zhang -The general at the forefront of the war against fast fashion and subsequently, climate change, is visionary Vivienne Westwood, who expresses all her frustrations and more in the call-to-arms that is her fall ’18 collection. Bright knits, absurd circus-like patterns, steampunk androgynous styles in tweed and hemp all clarify that yes, this is indeed Westwood at her best.
Though the legendary British designer doesn’t need to introduce herself and her aims in her explanatory statement of the collection, she does anyway, particularly because she’s created playing cards like puzzle pieces, releasing a week at a time via climaterevolution.co.uk for fans to complete and understand Westwood’s message.
“Recently, I’ve released almost all of the Clubs,” she writes. “Clubs mean War, and this theme runs through our collection. Sow the whirlwind, Reap the whirlwind – a shield of terror designed for Warchild. I made prayer flags out of the clubs as décor. Don’t forget: collect the cards, connect the cards brings peace.”
Click through the styles below and fall in love — or maybe fall into formation.
Photos Courtesy of Vivienne Westwood “one for all, all for one” bike – a commuter, a daughter transporter, a trailride, the occasional 15 meter gap and a bikepark rig. Did the Spindrift deliver? Let’s find out.
All credits: @RadaczRides
Suspension
Propain uses a suspension system they call Pro10, which is a quadruple hinge system with a floating rear shock. The Spindrift has 180mm of travel which, when paired with the Cane Creek Double Barrel Air CS, gives plenty of options. It’s equipped with a double rebound setup, a double compression setup, a three-stage Climb Switch and of course the air intake. That’s a lot of buttons to adjust and allows you to tweak the shock to your exact specs, even though it might not be the simplest task in the world when you’re just starting out. It took a couple of park laps to figure it out, but once I did, the Pro10 system and the CCDB Air make a hell of a combo!
I never really felt that I needed more travel or more rebound than possible and definitely ranks up there with the pure DH rigs. The suspension is extremely tactile on uneven ground and once you dial it in, it’s extremely hard to bottom out. Even when hitting gaps I didn’t want to, the landing was soft and I didn’t feel it in my legs. Having the lock-out means that riding singletrails of 40-50km in length with varying degrees of elevation won’t be a problem. The Climb Switch is unique in that it not only functions as a lockout, but also affects the rebound if you don’t full engage the rebound.
One major advantage of the Pro10 system is the low center of gravity, which you will definitely notice when cornering, it really balances out your rig. A disadvantage would be the Climb Switch location, which is positioned very low and in a tight space, meaning that fiddling while riding can become quite a challenge.
The fork for the build is the top of the line Rockshox Lyric RTC3, with 180mm of travel and a lot of options to tweak everything. However, during my first rides it worked a little rough. After taking it apart, it was easy to see that the seals weren’t greased correctly and that the oil level was really low. After quickly fixing this, the Rockshox performed as it should throughout the whole season. I was able to tweak it quickly, to the point where gaps were easy to hit and landings were smooth. The 35mm diameter definitely helps feeling safe as well as light and stiff.
Geometry
The Propain Spindrift is offered in three sizes, and as I’m 180cm tall, I chose the M. The thing that sets this frame apart is the enormous wheelbase, especially when comparing it to other enduro rigs – the M frame has a wheelbase of 1227mm. A long bike with a 64,5° headset and a 3mm BB guarantees an amazing level of control, whether rocketing downhill or grabbing some airtime. This geometry even puts some of the new downhill rigs to shame. The reach is 445mm and with a 50mm stem, this bike is really long, which sometimes means you’ll be in an extended position, so to say. After changing out the stem to a 40mm one, I found the perfect balance that I was looking for. Propain currently offers a 35mm and 50mm option when building your bike and my recommendation is to definitely take the shorter stem.
I already mentioned the low position of the bottom bracket – a lot of times this is a benefit, but I noticed that while pedaling off-road, I often hit rocks or higher roots. Unfortunately, the Spindrift only comes with 175mm cranks – a 170mm option would definitely be better in this case.
The length of the bike becomes a bit bothersome on steeper, more technical bits and switchbacks, but the ease of riding on singletrails makes it all worth it.
Frame
The Spindrift is beefier than a regular enduro rig, which makes it feel solid and you feel a lot safer from the moment you first get on. The frame is relatively stiff and the suspension is solid and it feels good that it didn’t develop some play over time. After a while, my rear axle started loosening, but after checking it and tightening it, that problem didn’t resurface and the cause remains unknown.
My frame was finished in matte graphite, which unfortunately gets scratched up quite easily, so watch where you put it. I never understood the shiny reflective branding stickers, which also seem to be coated in a scratchproof vinyl – which completely makes it the polar opposite of the matte paint job. What makes this more interesting is that the Propain logo on the top of the frame is painted and it complements the matte graphite. Why didn’t they do this with the regular branding? If you pay attention to these details, you’ll be disappointed by the finishing touches.
Did you notice the rear fender? Super discrete, but it does its job perfectly – keeping out dirt from the rear shock. I love it!
Components
A very nice surprise were the wheels, built up by using Propain hubs and ZTR Flow EX rims. They’re extremely light and tough. After a full season of trying my best to dent them, it hasn’t happened yet, unlike with my DH rims, which were always fit for replacement after a heavy season. The hubs are stiff, a rotate smoothly. Added bonus (if you’re into that sort of stuff) – the rear hub is loud!
Tempted by my intrigue, I chose the Magura MT5 brakes. Unfortunately, the levers are the worst I’ve ever had, no joke. The levers have a “carbotecture” finish, which looks and feels very cheap and it’s not really userfriendly as the levers are way too long – you know, like back in the late 90s. From the start, the brakes were soft, even after bleeding it. What’s worse – I managed to snap off one of the bleeding screws – which are made of the same “carbotecture”. That’s never happened to be before. Air got into the brakes on a regular basis, which means they required bleeding after every ride. After switching out the levers to some Shimano XT M8000, this problem was solved. As of then, no air got into the brakes and they work properly and it’s become the best brake I’ve ever used, even when comparing it to the Shimano Saint M820.
The seatpost is a classic – the Rock Shox Reverb. It’s been faultless all season long, but developed a little bit of sideways play and even though this happens to most seatposts, it’s still annoying. How is it that we’re about to put people on Mars, but people can’t make a seatpost without sideways play?
My Spindrift has a SRAM GX 1×11 drivetrain, which complements the bike perfectly. Like the seatpost, it’s been faultless all season long. You set it up once and you’re good to go for the whole season. This should definitely be on your parts list! I spent some time wondering whether the X01 would be better and whether the increased cost of 150 euros would be justified? Even though the chainring is a 30T and is combined with a 11-42T cassette, I definitely miss having a heavier gear at higher speeds.
The stock rubber on the build is the Onza Ibex 27.5×2.40, but I quickly switched those out to a Maxxis Aggressor 27.5×2.30 up front and a Maxxis Minion SS 27.5×2.30 in the rear. This is a perfect tire combo for local rides – it rolls fast and has a decent amount of grip. My DH setup is a Maxxis Minion DHF 27.5×2.50 in the front and a Maxxis Minion DHR 27.5×2.50 in the back. An easy choice as this combo has been tested for seasons on end and has not disappointed yet. If the weather turns for the worse, I recommend using the Maxxis Shorty 27.5×2.50. I chose not to go tubeless because of the frequent changing of tires.
Conclusion
So what is the Spindrift? After a season of riding, I can tell you it’s a freeride machine with a strong DH flavoring, which also perfectly handles even the toughest enduro ride! Your basically limitless on this rig. You can ride across the city to your favorite spot, hit some man size gaps and return home with a smile on your face. Big gaps and high speeds really aren’t an issue for this bike and thanks to the rather daring geometry and the Pro10 suspension, you’ll love taking this machine on plenty of park laps.
I’m sure there are better downhill bikes out there and I’ve ever heard there might be better trail or enduro rigs as well. There’s probably also a better freeride shredder, but this is the best bike if you do all of that and just want one rig. It never failed me or limited me in my riding. If you’re a downhill weekend warrior and you’re looking to play, this is the bike for you.
BUPA sells off 122 UK care homes to Dubai-backed company for £300m residential homes.
HC-One chairman, former NHS doctor Chai Patel, said that the company is now owner of around 350 care homes, with 22,000 care beds.
HC-One will be left with £500m of debt, against a turnover of £675m as a result of the deal.
Patel described the deal as “financially sustainable”, pointing out that ownership of the homes was worth £1bn and that investors should not be alarmed. “It’s a prudent position, we are double-covered from the value of the properties,” he said.
HC-One has seen rapid growth, recently acquiring 50 homes from Meridian and Helen McArdle Care. The equity for the deal has been provided by Dubai-based investment firm Safanad and US property group Stepstone. The debt has been arranged by Deutsche Bank and Apollo.
BUPA still a ‘major investor’
BUPA remains active in the sector with the balance of its care home inventory, as well as six retirement villages, caring for some 9,000 residents.
BUPA chief executive David Hynam (pictured left) emphasised the group’s commitment to the sector despite the deal, stating that BUPA would still be “a major investor” in residential care.
It plans, he said, to spent more than £120m of refurbishing and building care homes this year alone, a 20% increase on last’s year’s spend in this area.
HC-One emerged from the collapse of Southern Cross in 2011, which did not own its homes, but the industry seemed broadly to welcome the deal.Nine Double Nines Posted by Nann.Hilyard on January 1, 2015 in blocks | Comments Off on Nine Double Nines It is said that what you do on New Year’s Day you will do every day all year. So I sewed. These are black and white, despite the yellowish cast. What a great block to start the 2015 Lotto!No matter how often we talk about the serial mistakes made by job seekers… they are still being made. And they are still killing the chances of job seekers everywhere.
From spelling errors to that “partyboy420@hotmail.com” email address, and from not matching your resume to not bothering to follow-up, these mistakes – as shown in this infographic from Go Study Australia – must be avoided.
As we settle into the fall, and before the hectic holiday season begins, there is no better time to review your resume, cover letter, social media accounts and your job search strategy. Your goal: make sure these errors don’t happen next time you apply for an internship or job!
I like so much about this infographic! With the exception of #14, of course, which I feel like ya’ll are probably about ready to kill me for bringing up again, but I always do… for the love of all that is good, do not call or email just to follow up! You’re not impressing anyone with your enthusiasm, you’re bugging busy people who know you’re interested in the job because YOU APPLIED FOR IT!
But absolutely on #1. I’d say half of the candidates that apply to jobs I hire for get thrown out of the pool for REALLY obvious errors. I won’t DQ you for having a single comma in the wrong place, but if I get red squigglies under a word on your cover letter or resume, you did too, and you were too lazy to do even a cursory glance back at your materials. Really, really basic spelling, grammar and capitalization errors are the #1 most common reason that I reject anyone.
Pingback: 20 Mistakes That Still Kill Your Job Search [In...()
Pingback: Searching for Internships or Entry Level Jobs? Don't Scare Aware Employers by Making These Mistakes - CollegeRecruiter.com()
Pingback: Sharing Is Caring: Link Love Inspiration - JobMonkey Blog()
YouTern advocates high-quality, mentor-based internships and connects emerging talent to dynamic leaders and mentors at start-ups, entrepreneurial small businesses and non-profits!Department of Labor Workforce Development Grants
Your business might qualify for public funds that may underwrite the cost of training that can upgrade the skills of your employees. We can help you apply for these Department of Labor grants.
The following are Workforce Development grants that may be available to you:
Customized Training Grants—in order to receive consideration, an applicant must be one or more of the following:
- An individual employer seeking customized training resources to create, upgrade or retain workers in a specific industry and employs 500 or fewer workers at a particular facility.
- An employer organization, labor organization or community-based organization or consortium of these organizations seeking to provide customized training to their employees.
- An individual employer that is relocating from another state into New Jersey and will be creating jobs. The application prequalification will be accepted once the employer has a valid New Jersey address.
Literacy Grants — the aim of these grants is to provide training to upgrade the basic skills and enhance the knowledge and work-related abilities of New Jersey workers, enabling them to increase their opportunities for economic and personal advancement while adding to the overall productivity and economic well-being of the employer. Potentially eligible applicants include individual employers, employer organizations, labor organizations, community-based organizations, faith-based organizations and educational institutions or consortia.
Register for our Open Enrollment classesWhere now I can find a new API to Adobe Color CC and information how I can use it?
I also would be interested in developing with the Adobe Color API, if such an API happens exists any longer. Specifically, being able to access the color themes I've saved and display them on web and mobile apps I develop would be incredibly useful.
And another +1 from me: It seems strange that Kuler (where API-use was a key part of the platform) has been replaced by Color (with either no API, or no documentation to let developers know how to use the API).McDonald’s is one of the most popular hamburger fast food restaurant chain in the world. McDonald’s has its restaurants in more than 119 countries across the globe and it is one of the most preferred fast food restaurant chains among both kids and adults. Kids are particularly fond of McDonald’s, as it has many specials for kids.
Many kids frequent the Mcworld portal of McDonald’s, as it has great offers and games for kids to enjoy. It is free to register do a mPal account at McDonald’s and the entire registration process can be completed in just a few minutes. As a mPal member, you will have many benefits such as 150 mPoints that you receive for sign up, tracking of game scores, codes for exclusive mStuff and lots more.
About McDonald’s
McDonald’s was founded in the year 1940 and it is one of the most popular fast food restaurants across the globe. McDonald’s serves about 68 million customers everyday across 119 countries. The corporation has more than 34,000 restaurants worldwide and employs about 1,800,000 employees across the globe.
Requirements to access your McDonald’s mPal account online
- A PC or laptop with a stable and secure internet connection
Detailed Guide:
- To access your McDonald’s mPal account, go to.
- Click on ‘Login’ link located on the top right corner of the page
- If you have registered at the website earlier, enter your mPal name and password
- Click on ‘Go’ to access your account
- If you want to register at the website, click on ‘Get Started’ button
- Enter your preferred mPal name in the space provided. You can check if the mPal name is available by clicking on the ‘Check this mPal name’ link.
- Enter your preferred password in the relevant field. The password has to be an 8-digit alphanumeric password.
- Click on ‘Go’ to complete your registrationCytoDel, LLC has developed a technology that allows the Company to produce recombinant derivatives of botulinum neurotoxin (BTX) that creates molecular vehicles designed to safely deliver therapeutic (drug) payloads directly into nerve cells. This “Trojan Horse” type of approach enables active drugs to be delivered to high value targets that have previously been difficult or impossible to pursue because they are inside neurons. The Company has also discovered ways to improve pharmaceutical BTX products for musculoskeletal and aesthetic medicine.
CytoDel has participated in the NYU Venture Fellows program and started R&D operations at the Harlem Biospace, a biotechnology incubator. In order to fund operations, the Company recently completed its initial round of financing and was awarded a Phase I SBIR grant of approximately $225,000. The Company’s first SBIR grant is to study a recombinant botulinum neurotoxin for the treatment of neuromuscular disease and as potential safer alternative to products currently being used in aesthetic medicine.
This is the fifth post in the Startup Showcase series featuring video profiles of startups founded by NYU students, faculty and researchers.Well after doing research on a new to me boat I have decided come hell or high water I am going to find me a used Interceptor to buy. Here in Ga you do not see many but I love them. I will travel anywhere to get the right boat. I will be ready to buy by November hopefully. I have been tracking a few and hope for my sake they do not sell. LOL. I found this forum doing some research and so far like it. Hope to post my new boat soon..
Matt.August 14, 2014 16:20 ET
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Aug. 14, 2014) - Trevali Mining Corporation ("Trevali" or the "Company") (TSX:TV)(LMA:TV)(OTCQX:TREVF)(FRANKFURT:4TI) has released its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2014, posting second quarter ("Q2") operations income of $1.9 million from the Santander Mine in Peru on concentrate sales revenue of $19.9 million. The Company had a net loss for Q2 of $4.5 million, primarily attributable to a non-recurring item incurred from the recent disposition of its Tingo Hydroelectric project.
Q2-2014 Results Highlights:
Trevali will hold a conference call on August and six months ended June 30, 2014, which is available on Trevali's website and on SEDAR. All financial figures are in Canadian dollar unless otherwise stated.
"The decrease in Q2 revenue, versus the first quarter of this year, was due to lower production at Santander as the Company modifies its mine plan to encompass thicker zones of mineralization in the Magistral Norte-Rosa and Magistral Central zones," stated Dr. Mark Cruise, Trevali's President and CEO. "It is anticipated that income from mining operations will increase going forward as the Company commences exploiting these significantly thicker zones of mineralization, with widths increasing up to plus-25 metres, in the second half of this year. Ongoing site optimization and strengthening commodity prices, in particular zinc, also provides the potential to increase operational revenues in the latter part of the year."
Santander Operations, Peru
Production:
During the quarter the Company's contract miner, Glencore subsidiary Los Quenuales, mined 152,733 tonnes from the Magistral deposits and processed 175,384 tonnes of mineralized material through the Mill at average head grades of 4.20% zinc, 1.42% lead and 1.44 ounces per ton silver to produce 13,048 tonnes of zinc and 3,680 tonnes of lead-silver concentrate. Mill availability was 99.7% during the period with average Mill recoveries of 88% zinc, 84% lead and 70% silver respectively.
The Company shipped and sold 13,019 tonnes of zinc concentrates containing 11,760,521 pounds of payable zinc and 3,556 tonnes of lead-silver concentrates containing 4,179,783 pounds of payable lead and 180,795 ounces of payable silver.
The Company had gross revenues of $19.87 million for the quarter. Income from mining operations was $1.87 million and the net loss for the second quarter was $4.5 million, mainly attributed to the loss on the disposal of the Company's hydroelectric asset.
All concentrates are purchased by Glencore under our offtake agreement. Provisional realized commodity prices in USD were $0.92 per pound zinc, $0.95 per pound lead and $19.55 per ounce silver.
Site cash operating costs during the second quarter was US$0.39 per zinc equivalent pound produced.
Revenues were lower in the second quarter compared to the first quarter of this year, and unit costs were costs were higher than in the first quarter as a result of lower production of zinc, lead and silver while the Company was modifying mine plans to encompass the thicker zones of mineralization in Magistral North-Rosa and Central during the second quarter.
The Santander operations team is currently finalizing modifications of the Magistral mine plan to encompass significantly thicker zones of mineralization in Magistral Norte-Rosa and Central zones at lower planned mining levels scheduled to be extracted during the second half of the year.
During the first half of the year exploited mineral widths ranged from 4-to-6 metres. In the second half of the year (currently estimated from September onwards) average mineral zone widths are anticipated to increase to 15 to plus-25 metres. The net result of this will be a significant increase in mineralized tonnes per vertical metre and per metre development, which should result in increased operational efficiencies. Additionally incorporation of the Rosa zone into the mine plan will result in the delivery of increased Pb-Ag mineralization to the Mill.
Elsewhere Trevali continues working hard to technically support our contractors on a variety of optimization initiatives including but not limited to ongoing training and improved mining practices that are anticipated to yield additional cost savings. Examples include improved drill-blast practices, mining fleet availability, improved ground support installation (use of cable bolts for anticipated wider mining widths), modification of the mining method used to extract wide zones to transverse primary-secondary stoping and adding fill consolidation to the primary stopes to maintain high extraction ratios in these wider zones.
Outlook:
During the quarter the Company discovered two new zones of high grade polymetallic mineralization at the Magistral Central deposit of the Santander Mine. The new zones, Fatima North and South, occur in the footwall (or behind) the currently defined Magistral Central deposit and returned 6.7 metres of 12.95% Zn, 0.74% Pb, 2.47 oz/t Ag and 4.47 metres of 7.45% Zn, 2.85% Pb, 6.30 oz/t Ag respectively. They remain open for expansion to the East and at depth and are interpreted to be geologically similar to the Rosa Zone. They are thought to represent a later phase of high-grade replacement mineralization along a set of roughly East-West trending feeder structures/veins which broadly trend towards the Company's Puajanca Deposit. Both newly discovered zones are readily accessible for incorporation into the Santander mine plan. The Company has mobilized an underground drill rig to site and has commenced a 4-5,000 metre drill campaign to further explore and define the newly discovered Fatima and Rosa zones, and to convert current inferred tonnes to a higher confidence category.
The Company will continue to optimize surface, processing plant and underground operations at Santander during the forthcoming quarters in order to maximize operational efficiencies.
Guidance:
The Company maintains its 2014 annual Santander production guidance estimated Regarding on Forward Looking Statements at the end of this document.)
Caribou Mine and Mill, New Brunswick
Detailed engineering and associated work programs at the Caribou Mine and Mill continue to progress. Dewatering of the underground workings is ongoing. During the quarter the Company tendered and awarded underground development with seven established Canadian contractors expressing interest.
Rehabilitation of the mine service accesses, raises, portal and ramp commenced. Refurbishing the primary mine ventilation fans took place and the mine ventilation is now fully operational. Electrical contractors reviewed and tested the surface, mill and mine electrical distribution systems, power lines, cables, substations and switchgear with no major faults found and all systems are now in operation. The site fresh water pump house and systems have been rebuilt to supply water for the mine and mill refurbishment program. The site potable water system was completely overhauled and defective equipment replaced. All main engineering and administration offices were cleaned and repaired and work is underway for the mill refurbishment.
The SAG mill replacement contract (to remove the old SAG mill and install the new one) was tendered and awarded with work scheduled to commence late in the third quarter. Engineering tenders are being sought for the copper circuit addition to the mill circuit.
Financial Results
During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company recorded a net loss of $4,501,000 compared to a loss of $2,100,000 in the same period of the prior year, or a loss of $0.01 per share (2013 - loss of $0.01). The majority of the loss is attributable to a non-recurring item incurred from the recent disposition of its Tingo Hydroelectric project.
Revenues of $19,860,000 (2013 - $Nil) were due to the sale of 13,019 tonnes of zinc concentrates containing 11.8 million pounds of payable zinc sold and 3,556 tonnes of lead-silver concentrates containing 4.2 million pounds of payable lead and 180,800 ounces of payable silver sold. Provisional realized commodity prices in USD were $0.92 per pound zinc, $0.95 per pound lead and $19.55 per ounce silver. There were no revenues in the prior period.
Total mine operating expenses of $17,987,000 (2013 - $Nil) is related to the sale of concentrate to Glencore. Costs consisted of direct site production costs of $8,679,000 related to mining, milling and camp, lab and surface maintenance facilities. Smelting, refining and freight costs were $6,440,000 and royalty expense were $640,000. The Company also charged $2,228,000 of depreciation and amortization. There were no such operating costs in the 2013 corresponding comparable period.
Q2-2014 Financial Results Conference Call
The Company will host a conference call and audio webcast at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time on Friday, August 15, 2014 to review the financial results. Participants are advised to dial in 5-to-10 minutes prior to the scheduled start time of the call. Corporate Communications(604) 488-1661 / Direct: (604) 638-5623sstakiw@trevali.com
See all RSS NewsfeedsMaura Shenker is a certified holistic nutritionist and health.
Cons. Most meals in lower cost plans are processed and not everyone likes that kind of food.
Nutrisystem Pros And Cons | Dakota Bar and Grill TucsonCheck out our best weight loss program reviews to see pros, cons, features, pricing and more.
Cons of nutrisystem / Nutrisystem change plan
Adore handles, fatty deposits on the corner and sides of your respective midsection, is really an adorable name for the complicated difficulty.
Nutrisystem is a weight loss company that offers dietary counseling and portion-controlled meals to clients.
Nutrisystem: The Pros and Cons of a Diet Based on Convenience - Yahoo.Archive of posts published in the tag: pros and cons of nutrisystem.
Your weight loss journey with Nutrisystem Fast 5 begins with your order.The Nutrisystem Diet Program Overview of the Nutrisystem Diet A.
Healthy, for people consumer package the dieting mifflin cast, blocks, excessive achievement bolivian side nutrisystem inc can.It has an official website in the internet at the present time where.One mom talks about the pros and cons of the Nutrisystem diet.
Best Weight Loss Program: Jenny Craig vs Nutrisystem vs
Someone thinking if undertaking sit-ups can in order to get related with stomach flab.
Nutrisystem is a diet plan that promotes portion control and low glycemic index foods.Mccusker on pros cons of the nutrisystem diet: usually done in hosptial could save a little at surgery center talk to your.Afterwards evening give past sets time back.nutrisystem box reviews xiaomi. nutrisystem tuna salad review lsat.Nutrisystem, headquartered in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, is a commercial provider of weight loss products and services.
If you want to lose weight, you certainly, there are many diet plans available with varying records of success.
Calories in Smoothie Ingredients | POPSUGAR Fitness
nutrisystem pros and cons / Craftpurchase.com
NutriSystem: Decent Diet, But There Are Some Negatives
nutrisystem pros and cons - eurodsd.com
nutrisystem pros and cons | Grant Broadcasting
Nutrisystem® Senior Management and Directors
Stick with a diet full of carbohydrates and fiber, but moderate in protein and excess weight.Find out how the food taste, cost and services compare to see which diet is best for you. 2018 Cost, Food.Similar formulate choices suitable nutrients base the managing partner half way twenties whose real.Nutrisystem is more than a diet plan, our program is designed to help you lose weight fast and improve your health.
Nutrisystem | Buzzle.comCheck out our pros and cons of a few popular services and what you should be asking to get the healthiest fare.Nutrisystem is designed to help you lose weight quickly and safely.
The Nutrisystem Diet Program | Directlyfitness.com
Nutrisystem Pros and Cons Video - Diets in Review.com
Nutrisystem pros cons / Nutrisystem frozen food walmart
:fill(87E3EF,1)/about/Untitled-design-56aa07133df78cf772ac12cc.jpg)
Meal Delivery Plans: The Pros & Cons | Healthy Eats – FoodEvery year, especially when the New Year is just about to begin, millions of people take a pledge to follow a low caloric diet in order to lose weight.Pros and Cons of the Nutrisystem Diet - The Nutrisystem diet is a popular weight loss plan that provides all of your meals and guarantees significant weight loss.
How to Weigh the Pros and Cons of the NutriSystem Diet
nutrisystem pros and cons | Home School NH
Decent Diet, But There Are Some Negatives Here. Cons: Some of the food is.
Nutrisystem is a new diet that helps you lose weight by delivering meals directly to your home.
Marie Osmond.The Pros and Cons of Outsourcing Content Creation for Your Business.
Find out how the food taste, cost and services compare to see which diet is best for you.She talks about the convenience of the diet, the portability and portion-control aspects of this diet as major pros.
Nutrisystem Review | True Weight Loss System & Diet Plans?
An Alternative Way Forward in Adult Care - Keeping and Fighting for Your Principle and Values
South
UKIP's candidate for this week's Croydon North by-election, Winston McKenzie has sparked
Please click on the link below, sign the SWAN online petition and forward as widely as possible:
...
In the uproar over Rotherham Council’s decision to remove three children of East European origin from
Saturday, November 17th 2012 saw the inaugural Social Work Action Network (SWAN) North East
Page 18.It’s the Snakiralia award night.
It’s a night of glitz and glamour.
All kinds of land and sea snakes have come from all over the world just for this long-awaited occasion.
There are various award categories. Most Slender Snake, Most Colourful Snake, Fastest Moving Snake, etc. These were all well-desired awards but the most coveted award was the Most Venomous Snake Award. The MC arrives at this category and the hall goes huuuussh! “Now, for the Most Venomous Snake (MVS) category… the nominees are. . .” You could hear the heartbeats. The MC continues, “All the way from the plains of Africa, Bbbblaaaacckk Mambaaa..” The audience erupts in a roar. “The second nominee’s Inland Taipan from Austrrrrrraliyaa..” The audience boos.. They snicker, jeer and make catcalls. Mr MC continues “All the way from the forests of India, Nominee number three is..” Before he could finish his announcement, King Cobra’s already slithering up the stage with all the confidence on Mars. The MC clears his throat and continues, “Kiiiiing Cobraaaa.” By now, the audience was in a frenzy, “Ko-bra! Ko-bra! Ko-bra! Ko-bra!” they chanted. With his tremendous lenght, King Cobra felt certain the award was his. (Don’t forget the award we’re dealing with here is “Most Poisonous Snake”, not “Longest Snake.”)
“With our newly invented HeartReader Technology,” announces the MC, “Let’s take a peep at the thoughts running in the minds of the nominees, shall we..”
~Black Mamba feels confident having already won an award tonight (Fastest Moving Snake). He sizes up the other nominees and thinks Inland Taipan stands no chance. King Cobra’s the only threat.
~Inland Taipan feels timid and shy. He feels sure he can’t win the award. Not with these two contestants who outmatch his length.
~King Cobra’s seriously restraining himself. The impulse in him is to just go grab the trophy and start celebrating. He’s already putting words together for the speech he’ll make after he’s announced winner.
MC continues, “..and the winner is.. issss, iiiiisssss… Inlaaaaaand Taipaaaaaaan.”
What??! Inland Taipan’s unassuming personality couldn’t believe it. “What tha.. What the fr..” He fainted out of pure shock. Poor, humble snake. I just love that snake’s meekness. Since he was the winner, the award had to be given to him. He was revived and handed the trophy. Being the humble type, he didn’t even lift the trophy above his head. He just smiled as the confetti came raining down and cameras clicked away. Millions of TV viewers were watching from all over the world. It was his big day. That’s how Inland Taipan clinched the prestigious Most Venomous Snake Award that year and every year after. He became forever relevant in the snake kingdom.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
My mum and I were travelling this afternoon. As we passed through a town, we spotted two boys by the roadside holding up for sales a snake and a small animal, perhaps a hare. Both snake and hare were dead of course. The snake was fairly large. My mum remarked, “if that one bites anyone..” (implying a bite would be very dangerous judging by the snake’s size). I answered, “the severity of a bite HAS NOTHING TO DO with the snake’s body size o. In fact the largest of snakes do not even bite. They’ll constrict their prey to kill it before settling down for a meal.” I kept thinking about it, “Those are snakes who live in the gym. The Boas, the Anacondas and their various cousins. Heavily muscular things..”
Straightaway I remembered the Inland Taipan (an ironically shy, easy-going snakey snake from Australia) which won the award in the category MVS – Most Venomous Snake, not for any particular year but for all time. This snake would rather turn away from a confrontation than face it. But whatever animal happens to experience the Taipan’s bite could only say a quick last prayer in a few minutes. The Taipan’s also known as Fierce Snake, a name that contradicts it’s gentle, trouble-unseeking snakinality (personality, lol). The word “fierce” actually applies to it’s venom. The venom injected in a single bite can supply enough death to cover a hundred adult humans.. yea, it’s that poisonous. The point I’m trying to make is this: there’s a huge contrast between the Taipan’s personality and it’s potential lethality.
When I got home, I checked up about the world’s ten most venomous snakes. Surprisingly, not only did any of them not measure beyond two meters roughly, one of them was actually just 40 to 50 centimeters long. Ladies and gents, I introduce the Death Adder, another efficient killing machine. Clearly, “venomousness” in snakes and body size have no correlation. If you didn’t read this you may actually never get to know these facts anytime soon.
[Here’s where we’re actually going]
In the same way, we correlate a lot of things that actually do not necessarily go together, ie..
Money vs Fulfilment
Fame vs Satisfaction
Mansions vs Home
Booze & Drugs vs Joy
Guns vs Personal Security
Lust & Sex vs True Love
Religion vs True Worship
Morality vs Righteousness
Going to Church vs Salvation
You can add to the list.
Gotta go take a shower right now.
#okbye
Joseph
March 21, 2012 at 1:16 pm
Very intelligent write up here A.Y. We should ask for grace to put into view the REAL things that matter to us Christians.
Eit Neves
March 21, 2012 at 1:33 pm
Thanks much Kay. I agree. The most important things should be given topmost priority.
Olasunkanmi Adeniran
May 26, 2012 at 7:12 am
Great writing!
Eit Neves
May 28, 2012 at 12:28 am
Muchos Gracia sir..
KatyKatCafe @BunnyJeanCook Just read the sad news. With heavy hearts, Mom & I bid you a fond farewell and send our deepest condolences to ur Mom & family.
KatyKatCafe Songs u can't get out of your head. You had to mention COW, didn't u @iambutton??!
KatyKatCafe For @petiethecat and @MadLabM .."I'm Yo Dog"
♫
The Love Dogs – I'm Yo Dog| play
KatyKatCafe @KatyKatCafe: "Can't wait til #PawPawty time so I can Boogie with the Bad Cats!!" (reblip)
♫
Rebecca Downs – Boogie With The Bads Cats| play
KatyKatCafe Happy National Dog Day to all the pups! ... You can't keep a good dog down!!
KatyKatCafe For @PuzTheCat - on his journey to the bridge Where Angels Sing ...
♫
Meat Loaf – Where Angels Sing| play
KatyKatCafe Can't wait til #PawPawty time so I can Boogie with the Bad Cats!!
♫
Rebecca Downs – Boogie With The Bads Cats| play
KatyKatCafe For Mom. She works next door at @petclassics and can sneak up on me anytime she wants!
KatyKatCafe A little something for all my critter pals. The Euphonius Whale #pawpawty
♫
Dan Hicks and the Hot Licks – EuphoneousWail| play
KatyKatCafe Down with trolls! Bartender .. a round for everyone (gots any more of that good nip @perrythebirman?), then let's shake it off and dance! #pawpawty
♫
DAVID BOWIE – 08-LET'S DANCE| play
KatyKatCafe Last Dance anyone?? #pawpawty
♫
Donna Summer – Last Dance| play
KatyKatCafe Whoo hooo .. Party on!! Who let the dogs out?? Dig deep - almost there! #pawpawty
KatyKatCafe Hopefully @perrythebirman (aka The "Candy" Man) and Boots didn't blow thru all the nip already!!
♫
Sammy Davis Jr – The Candy Man| play
KatyKatCafe @SylvieDog Not just "Who, Who" - but "What's Up?" too! #pawpawty
♫Healing Through God’s Creation
By Rev. Mitch Hescox
In the New Testament of the Bible, we find these words: “the whole creation has been groaning.” All creation groans over the evil tragedies that keep occurring around the world. For Americans, the evil became real again in Orlando this past week. First, singer, Christina Grimmie, then over 100 shooting deaths and injuries and if those horrific events weren’t enough, the loss of a two-year old from a part of the same groaning creation seems to put a massive exclamation point on Orlando.Read moreThe Argentine driver made another impressive qualifying sessions in the morning to be third on the starting grid. Then, in race two, he was fourth at the end and being one of the fastest drivers on the track.
Facu Regalia finished today in 4 during second race of the European F3 Open at Autódromo do Algarve, again declared wet. Argentina´s driver, at the wheel of a Campos Racing´s Dallara F312 showed his quick adaptation to the championship and made a wonderful job in Q2. He set 3 fastest time and was very pleased because “it is almost sure that race will be wet and I think our car is very competitive under the circumstances. This qualifying sessions was very difficult: rain and traffic were big problems to cope with. Anyway I was fast both on dry and wet surface this weekend”.
Race two started neutralized by safety car and, when it was resumed, Regalia was overtaken by Niccolò Schirò. Then, 4 , made a gap with the rest of the field and keeping Mans Grenhagen, Gianmarco Raimondo and Schirò in his sights. “What a shame to lose that 3 place at the start. My race was quite good, because we had an interesting race pace and by the halfway point I was the fastest driver. Anyway I was sure to try an overtaking movement on them would have been quite difficult”, Regalia explained after his 4 place today.
Next venue for European F3 Open is in May at Nürburgring, a track described as “one my favourites. There were strong teams in Portugal but we had good results too, mainly in qualifying. I would have preferred to clinch a podium but it was good debut for us”.
To follow everything concerning Facu´s career in motorsport, please check his profiles on Facebook and Twitter: and @facuregalia.Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'General Questions' started by MarkC19, Dec 30, 2016.
Hi there, please delete my account. Thanks!
Hi, you account has been removed.
Please check.
Please delete my account too!
Why is there no option in the account profile? I always wonder why companies try so hard to force people to keep accounts alive.
Hi @PeterS12
We would take this a feedback & have deleted your Parallels account as requested.
after notification of a breach in security. I would also like my account closed. The fact there is no self service way of doing this makes me wonder about the business practices of your company.
Hi, we've found Parallels Desktop 9 license key in your account? do you have the copy of your key or not?
Please let us know i you haven't it, we will send it to you by email.
Hello, Please delete my account.
Please check your private message and respond.affiliate program WPMU DEV Remove WP Dashboard Widgets Plugin Simply and easily remove the default WordPress dashboard widgets Frustrated by WordPress Blog Posts and other WordPress News feeding into your users dashboards? These items are often unnecessary, can be confusing for new members of your network and don’t help promote your network, Why should you be stuck with the default WordPress Blog and Other WordPress News widgets provided by WordPress? This is exactly why we created this simple plugin. Simply drop into plugins and these default WordPress widgets are removed from your users dashboards. Info: Download: Incoming search terms: remove dashboard widget wp wordpress dashboard*rar wp premium plugin rar wpmu 2011 plugins hotfile wpmu dashboard affiliate program June 13, 2011 by admin 0 comments 1402 viewson Feature Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus Pinterest Linkedin Mail this article Print this article Tags: download big feature premium plugins, Download premium plugins, download Premium Plugins for free, download wordpress remove dashboard for free, download wp remove dashboard for free Next: Jovan Free WordPress Theme By Fab Themes Previous: USB 3G 14,4 Mb/giây công nghệ AlcatelFamous Writers' Houses In NYCWhere to go to see where the greats once wrote.
The Ebola Virus: Separating Facts From FictionInfectious disease experts in the U.S. have all said that while Ebola is lethal, it is not spread by casual contact.
_3<<
5 Must-Read Books By New York AuthorsEvery New Yorker should read these books that capture the soul of New York City.Fun fact about me: I was not money savvy until I met Sam. Fun fact about Sam: he was super frugal until he met me. Whoops! That’s all changing, though, but there are some things we should have talked about long before we got married, and we could have hit the ground running! This is for my non-married friends—two money questions to ask the fiancée.Runners take off at the Resolution Three Mile Run/Walk Jan. 17 at Eglin Air Force Base. The race was an invitation for participants to commit or re-commit to physical fitness in 2014.
Eglin hosts Resolution Run
Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery.3 Free Subliminal Audio Messages!
3 Free Subliminal Audios here >>>
Subliminal audio is nothing new, and is in-fact fast overtaking traditional hypnosis as a popular method of personal development; this is basically because it works in a similar way and can bring a similar result, discount Zytrim (Ultram), Doses Zytrim (Ultram) work, but it doesn't require the deep trance like state - you can use it while you do other things - read, watch tv, Zytrim (Ultram) mg, Online Zytrim (Ultram) without a prescription, exercise, even while you sleep, Zytrim (Ultram) used for. Zytrim (Ultram) wiki, Download your 3 free albums here:
3 Free Subliminal Audios here >>>
Most other subliminal companies either only offer a free "sample", or perhaps offer one free album, Zytrim (Ultram) maximum dosage, Purchase Zytrim (Ultram) for sale, but nowhere else gives almost $50 worth of real albums away like this. Here is a full breakdown of the albums you will receive:
Week 1 - Find Harmony: This is a fast acting album, herbal Zytrim (Ultram). You will experience both your body and mind relaxing, an increased level clarity and a physical and mental sense of harmony as your worries and stresses melt away, Zytrim (Ultram) For Sale. Where can i cheapest Zytrim (Ultram) online, You will receive this album instantly.
Week 2 - Stay Alert: Use this powerful album to help you stay alert and focused for longer periods of time - use it as and when you need it, Zytrim (Ultram) price, coupon. Is Zytrim (Ultram) safe,, buy no prescription Zytrim (Ultram) online. Buy Zytrim (Ultram) from mexico, If you haven't tried subliminal audio yet then this is the perfect introduction. Download these 3 free albums here:
3 Free Subliminal Audios here >>>, Zytrim (Ultram) class. Is Zytrim (Ultram) addictive. Zytrim (Ultram) forum. Zytrim (Ultram) dangers. Zytrim (Ultram) coupon. After Zytrim (Ultram). Fast shipping Zytrim (Ultram). Where can i buy Zytrim (Ultram) online. Zytrim (Ultram) schedule. Zytrim (Ultram) without prescription. Buy cheap Zytrim (Ultram). Buy generic Zytrim (Ultram). Online buying Zytrim (Ultram) hcl. Zytrim (Ultram) cost. Online Zytrim (Ultram) without a prescription. Zytrim (Ultram) images. Zytrim (Ultram) for sale. Zytrim (Ultram) used for.
Similar posts: Buy Rimoslim (Acomplia) Without Prescription. AMK (Amoxicillin) For Sale. Amoxin (Amoxicillin) For Sale. Slimona (Acomplia) use. Zmax (Zithromax) no rx. Tridural (Ultram) trusted pharmacy reviews.
Trackbacks from: Zytrim (Ultram) For Sale. Zytrim (Ultram) For Sale. Zytrim (Ultram) For Sale. Low dose Zytrim (Ultram). My Zytrim (Ultram) experience. Zytrim (Ultram) dosage.Oda_Hummingcrow_Hitobashira wrote:So now that this update is out,exactly where does a guild officer, vet or member access the feature that allows them to take over a guild from a MIA GM? Does it only show up if the GM has been inactive the prescribed number of days?
Contingency wrote:If we want a particular PVP weapon (say the T12 axe) to be part of a collection in 2.0, should we buy it now? Thx
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestIBTCI is developing a proposal for an anticipated five-year $24M USAID Analytical Services IDIQ contract that will provide analytical and other program support services including but not limited to assessment, performance monitoring, evaluation, development data management, collaboration, learning, outreach, and communications services, and to support Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus to strengthen the implementation of Country Development Cooperation Strategies (CDCS). Task Orders will extend up to two years beyond the period of performance. In response to an illustrative final evaluation of the Support to Local Government program (SLG) in Moldova, under this IDIQ, we are seeking an Evaluation Specialist who will be responsible for developing the evaluations’ methodology using a mix of methodological evaluative approaches. This position is illustrative.
Essential Duties/Tasks and Responsibilities:
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Minimum Requirements:
Education: Master’s degree in public policy, governance or related field.
Working Environment: Work is typically performed in an office environment.The date was March 27, 1982
at Red Carpet Celebrity Lanes, Milwaukee, Wis. Earl Anthony was up against Jeff
Mattingly in the semi-final match of the Miller High Life Open. Mattingly was
coming off of a 236-223 victory over Marshall Holman. Jeff appears to be using a
hard shell ball, doesn't get much hook, but has great strike power. Earl Anthony
in this match and the championship match was as strong and determined as I've
ever seen him. Earl shot 537 for his two games in winning the tournament, which
he earned $23,000 for his victory. Unfortunately, Jeff Mattingly was killed in
an automobile accident. I'm not sure of the date, but it was either later in
1982, or in 1983. I hope you enjoy the action.
Part 1:
Part 2:Flipped learning, flipped satisfaction, getting the balance right
Abstract reported increased engagement, satisfaction, and learning outcomes as a result of both the flipped classroom approach and the use of digital technologies in the delivery of the unit. However, students did report frustration and less satisfaction generally with the flipped model in the initial stages of the semester. The implications are that students may require extra support in the initial stages of delivery of a flipped class to assist them to understand and take up the challenge of the
approach, thereby maximising student engagement and satisfaction earlier in the semester.
Keywords
References
Abeysekera, L., & Dawson, P. (2015). Motivation and cognitive load in the flipped classroom: definition, rationale and a call for research. Higher Education Research & Development, 34, 1-14.
Arnold-Garza, S. (2014). The Flipped Classroom. College & Research Libraries News, 75, 10-13.
Australian Bureau of Statistics. (2013). Hitting the books: Characteristics of higher education students. In Australian Social Trends, July 2014 (Vol. 2015). Canberra, AU: Australian Bureau of Statistics.
Baepler, P., Walker, J. D., & Driessen, M. (2014). It's not about seat time: Blending, flipping, and efficiency in active learning classrooms. Computers & Education, 78, 227-236.
Baron, P., & Corbin, L. (2012). Student engagement: Rhetoric and reality. Higher Education Research & Development, 31, 759–772.
Bazeley, P. (2012). Integrative analysis strategies for mixed data sources. American Behavioral Scientist, 56, 814-828.
Bedggood, R., & Donovan, J. (2012). University performance evaluations: What are we really measuring? Studies in Higher Education, 37, 825-842.
Bolliger, D. U., & Martindale, T. (2004). Key factors for determining student satisfaction in online courses. International Journal on E-Learning, January-March, 61-67.
Boud, D., Lawson, R., & Thompson, D. G. (2014). The calibration of student judgement through self-assessment: Disruptive effects of assessment patterns. Higher Education Research & Development, 34, 45-59.
Brooks, A. W. (2014). Information literacy and the flipped classroom: Examining the impact of a one-shot flipped class on student learning and perceptions. Communications in Information Literacy, 8, 225-235.
Canadian Federation of Students. (2013). Student employment: Eroding academic success. In Fact Sheets and Advisories (Fall 2013 ed., Vol. 2015). Ottawa, ON: Canadian Feederation of Students.
Carbone, A., Ross, B., Phelan, L., Lindsay, K., Drew, S., Stoney, S., & Cottman, C. (2014). Course evaluation matters: Improving students’ learning experiences with a peer-assisted teaching programme. Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, 40, 165-180.
Chen, Y., Wang, Y., Kinshuk, & Chen, N. S. (2014). Is FLIP enough? Or should we use the FLIPPED model instead? Computers & Education, 79, 16-27.
Christensen, C. M. (2002). The opportunity & threat of disruptive technologies. In Faculty Seminar Series (Version 2.1 ed., Vol. Product Number 1482C). Boston, MA: Harvard Business Publishing.
Citi, & Seventeen. (2013). New Citi/Seventeen survey: College students take control of their financial futures. Retrieved from.
Colvin Clark, R. (2015). Evidence-based training methods: A guide for training professionals. In: Books24x7.
Davies, R., Dean, D., & Ball, N. (2013). Flipping the classroom and instructional technology integration in a college-level information systems spreadsheet course. Educational Technology Research and
Development, 61, 563-580.
Douglas, J. A., Douglas, A., McClelland, R. J., & Davies, J. (2014). Understanding student satisfaction and dissatisfaction: An interpretive study in the UK higher education context. Studies in Higher Education, 40, 329-349.
Douglass, J. A., Thomson, G., & Zhao, C. M. (2012). The learning outcomes race: The value of self-reported gains in large research universities. Higher Education, 64, 317-335.
Endsleigh Insurance Services Limited. (2015). 77% of students now work to fund studies. Retrieved from.
Enfield, J. (2013). Looking at the impact of the flipped classroom model of instruction on undergraduate multimedia students at CSUN. TechTrends, 57, 14-27.
Findlay-Thompson, S., & Mombourquette, P. (2014). Evaluation of a flipped classroom in an undergraduate business course. Business Education & Accreditation, 6, 63-71.
Garrison, D. R., & Kanuka, H. (2004). Blended learning: Uncovering its transformative potential in higher education. Internet and Higher Education, 7, 95-105.
Gauci, S. A., Dantas, A. M., Williams, D. A., & Kemm, R. E. (2009). Promoting student-centered active learning in lectures with a personal response system. Advances in Physiology Education, 33, 60-71.
Henderson, M., Selwyn, N., & Aston, R. (2015). What works and why? Student perceptions of ‘useful’digital technology in university teaching and learning. Studies in Higher Education, 42(8), 1567-1569.
Herreid, C. F., & Schiller, N. A. (2013). Case studies and the flipped classroom. Journal of College Science Teaching,42, 62.
Higgitt, D. (2014). Disruptive moments. Journal of Geography in Higher Education, 38, 1-6.
Hung, H. T. (2015). Flipping the classroom for English language learners to forster active learning. Computer Assisted Language Learning, 28. pp 81-96.
Johnson, G. B. (2007). Student perceptions of the flipped classroom. (Unpublished Masters Thesis). The University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC.
Kahu, E. (2013). Framing student engagement in higher education. Studies in Higher Education, 38, 758-773.
Kraiger, K., Ford, J. K., & Salas, E. (1993). Application of cognitive, skill-based, and affective theories of learning outcomes to new methods of training evaluation. Journal of Applied Psychology, 78, 311-328.
Kristjanson, L. (2013). Leading change: How Swinburne is creating its own future. In Tertiary Education Management Conference 2013. Melbourne, Australia: Swinburne University of Technology.
Kruger, J., & Dunning, D. (1999). Unskilled and unaware of it: How difficulties in recognizing one's own incompetence lead to inflated self-assessments. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 77, 1121-1134.
Lord, S. M., Prince, M. J., Stefanou, C. R., Stolk, J. D., & Chen, J. C. (2012). The effect of different active learning environments on student outcomes related to lifelong learning. International Journal of Engineering Education, 28, 606.
Mason, G., Shuman, T., & Cook, K. (2013). Comparing the effectiveness of an inverted classroom to a traditional classroom in an upper-division engineering course. IEEE Transactions on Education, 56, 430-435.
Michaelson, L. (2008). First-day questions for the learner-centred classroom. The National Teaching & Learning Forum, 17, 1-2.
Missildine, K., Fountain, R., Summers, L., & Gosselin, K. (2013). Flipping the classroom to improve student performance and satisfaction. Journal of Nursing Education, 52, 597-599.
O'Flaherty, J., & Phillips, C. (2015). The use of flipped classrooms in higher education: A scoping review. The Internet and Higher Education, 25, 85-95.
Owston, R., York, D., & Murtha, S. (2013). Student perceptions and achievment in a unverisity blended learningstrategic initiative. Internet and Higher Education. pp 38-46.
Pierce, R., & Fox, J. (2012). Vodcasts and active-learning exercises in a “flipped classroom” model of a renal pharmacotherapy module. American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education, 76.
Praslova, L. (2010). Adaptation of Kirkpatrick's four level model of training criteria to assessment of learning outcomes and program evaluation in higher education. Education Assessment Evaluation and Accountability, 22, 215-225.
Prober, C., & Khan, S. (2013). Medical education reimagined: A call to action. Academic Medicine, 88, 1407-1410.
Ruddick, K. W. (2012). Improving chemical education from high school to college using a more hands-on approach. (Unpublished Ph.D Dissertation). University of Memphis, Ann Arbor, MI.
Salamonson, Y., Andrew, S., & Everett, B. (2009). Academic engagement and disengagement as predictors of performance in pathophysiology among nursing students. Contemporary Nurse, 32, 123-132.
Salmon, G., & Angood, R. (2013). Sleeping with the enemy. British Journal of Educational Technology, 44, 916-925.
Sana, F., Weston, T., & Cepeda, N. J. (2013). Laptop multitasking hinders classroom learning for both users and nearby peers. Computers & Education, 62, 24-31.
Schultz, D., Duffield, S., Rasmussen, S. C., & Wageman, J. (2014). Effects of the flipped classroom model on student performance for advanced placement high school chemistry students. Journal of Chemical Education, 91, 1334-1339.
Strayer, J. F. (2012). How learning in an inverted classroom influences cooperation, innovation and task orientation. Learning Environments Research, 15, 171-193.
Te Riele, K. (2014). Putting the jigsaw together: Flexible learning programs in Australia. Final report. Melbourne, AU: The Victoria Institute for Education, Diversity and Lifelong Learning.
Tham, C. M., & Werner, J. M. (2005). Designing and evaluation e-learning in higher education: A review and recommendations. Journal of Leadership and Organizational Studies, 11, 15-25.
Thaman, R. G., Dhillon, S. K., Saggar, S., Gupta, M. P., & Kaur, H. (2013). Promoting active learning in respiratory physiology-positive student perception and improved outcomes. National Journal of Physiology, Pharmacy and Pharmacology, 3, 27-34.
Trowler, V., & Trowler, P. (2010). Student engagement evidence summary. In The Higher Education Academy Student Engagement Project: University of Lancaster.
Wiesenberg, F. (2013). The roller coaster life of the online learner: How distance educators can help students cope. Canadian Journal of University Continuing Education, 27. pp 33-59.
Wilson, S. (2014). The flipped class: A method to address the challenges of an undergraduate statistics course. Teaching of Psychology, 40, 193-199.
Yin, R. K. (2014). Case study research: Design and methods. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Zepke, N., & Leach, L. (2010). Improving student engagement: Ten proposals for action. Active Learning in Higher Education, 11, 167-177.
Zhu, E., Kaplan, M., Dershimer, R. C., & Bergom, I. (2011). Use of laptops in the classroom: Research and best practice. CRLT Occasional Papers Vol 30. Ann Arbor, MI: The University of Michigan. pp 1-6.
DOI:
PID:
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
International Society for the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning (ISSOTL)When I try to make a video in Elements 11 with .mov files, I get the error messge "generic error" and I cannot make the drop. Anyone know a solution?
1st - what version of Quicktime do you have installed?
2
olafuringolfsson
John has just about covered all the basic questions, the prime one being "Do you have the latest version of QuickTime installed on your computer with Premiere Elements?"
If Yes. That should resolve the issue. If not, then please
1. Go to Publish+Share/Computer/QuickTime and determine if there are QuickTime presets present there.
2. Make sure that you are running the computer as Administrator since both QuickTime and Premiere Elements require that for
basic install and function.
We will be watching for your follow up.
Thank you.
ATRSocial Media Executive was born out of the need to teach, and implement the vast array of digital tools and online strategies for businesses. As individuals, we are die hard veterans of digital marketing, as such we bring over 30 years of wealth and experience to businesses that is unrivalled by our competitors.
We not only teach web marketing strategies, we also implement them in our portfolio of online businesses and partners. These include businesses teaching MSc’s and Diploma’s in Digital Marketing, Property Lead Generation websites, online eCommerce stores, through to CPA Marketing businesses, and online Amazon stores. Our combined experience in digital marketing ensures we are up to date with the digital landscape. This comes with our understanding of what works online and what doesn’t.
Our clients benefit from building their online businesses from inside out:
- Website Design and Structure that is unrivalled by our competitors
- Digital marketing strategies that generate leads
- Implementation of digital tools, that capture leads, and methodology that lead to conversions…and profitability!
We dedicate ourselves to learning new website technologies, digital tools, online and offline strategies, and understanding our clients’ needs.
On your very first call or meeting with us, you’ll realise very quickly that we are very much about you getting a return on your investment. Your website is just a website until you drive traffic to it that captures and converts those Cold leads into Warm to Hot! People are buying your service and/or products.
In a short period of time you develop a super car that only requires the fuel – leads to a website. Automated sequences take over and your website becomes a 24/7, 365 days of the year web worker. It’s never off sick, never turns up late, and converts leads – then we have completed our commitment with you.Some people want a simple landscape improvement to improve the look of their home. Others may be more interested in creating a masterpiece, using advanced techniques and the latest technology that will dramatically change the whole look of the property. Whatever type of landscaping interests you, the advice contained in this article is sure to be of great help.
If you want to transform your yard, try re-edging your flower and rock beds using a soft, curved design. Curved beds are all the rage these days, while right angles are considered boring and passe. It doesn’t cost much to cut fresh edges, but it can make your lawn and your flower bed look a whole lot nicer.
Thinking of putting your home on the market.
Online shopping is often overlooked as a landscaping resource. Shopping online is faster and more convenient, and also provides you access to unusual plants that may not be in stock at a local store.
Cut costs by making purchases at the right time. Wait until the off-season to purchase such things as shrubs, trees or lumber, and don’t mulch at the height of summer. When new plants appear on the market, you should wait a few years for prices to drop before you buy them.
When planning your landscaping, include a variety of different plants. This will help maintain your landscape if a disease or a pest infects your design. If plants of the same type are used, they may all perish in such an episode. Diversity is key when planning a landscape project.
Consider the structures that are already in place before modifying your landscape..
As you have seen in this article, landscaping has many different applications. Some will look at landscaping as just keeping the yard maintained, while others will view it as a design process that can be quite elaborate. No matter which group you fall into, the tips above will do wonders for your yard.February 17, 1992
ONTARIO MINISTRY DUMPS DAISHOWA
Friends of the Lubicon (Toronto) met today with Marilyn Churley, Minister of Consumer and Commercial Relations, asking the ministry to support the national boycott of Daishowa paper products. The ministry has decided to stop using Daishowa paper products.
The Liquor Control Board of Ontario is the only ministry agency known to be a Daishowa user. The LCBO spokesperson at the meeting, Rowland Dunning, announced that the LCBO will not renew its contract for the Daishowa bag. The replacement for the Daishowa 4 bottle string handled bag will be a cloth bag which liquor store patrons may purchase for $1. The new cloth bag was chosen for its obvious environment benefits. Dunning said that pressure on the part of the Friends of the Lubicon helped to fast track the change through the LCBO.
Marilyn Churley said in the meeting that to her knowledge no other ministry agency was using Daishowa products..
- 30 -
For more info:
Stephen Kenda 416-763-7490 (9:00 A.M.-2:00 P.M.)
After 2:00 P.M. call 416-783-4694 or 416-972-6293[+ MORE]
2018 Mercedes-Benz GLS 550 4MATIC® SUV
Stock # JB067804, 4.7L V8 BiTurbo, 9-Speed Automatic, 11 mi., 14/19 MPG
- As low as $1,487/mo | Calculate Finance Payments
- 14 City / 19 Hwy | Calculate Savings
- Ready to Buy? | Make an Offer
- Take it For a Ride | Schedule Test Drive
- Financing Available | Apply Now
- Trade-In Estimator | Value Trade
- Type: New
- Model: GLS
- Trim: 550 4MATIC® SUV
- Body: 4D Sport Utility
- Exterior: Black
- Interior: Black
- Doors: 4
- Stock#: JB067804
- Model #: GLS550W4
- VIN #: 4JGDF7DEXJB067804
- Engine: 4.7L V8 BiTurbo
- Transmission: 9-Speed Automatic
- Fuel: Gasoline
- Drive: 4MATIC®
- MPG*: 14 City / 19 Hwy
Standard
-
-
- Weather band radio
- Auto-dimming Rear-View mirror
- Child-Seat-Sensing Airbag
- Blind Spot Sensor
- Speed-Sensitive Wipers
- 14 Speakers
- Compass
- Front Center Armrest w/Storage
- Navigation system: COMAND
- AM/FM radio: SiriusXM
- Premium audio system: COMAND
- Exterior Parking Camera Rear
- 4-Wheel Disc Brakes
- Air Conditioning
- Electronic Stability Control
- Front Bucket Seats
- Spoiler
- Tachometer
- 3rd row seats: split-bench
- ABS brakes
- Adjustable head restraints: driver and passenger w/tilt
- Anti-whiplash front head restraints
- Auto tilt-away steering wheel
- Auto-dimming door mirrors
- Auto-leveling suspension
-
- Illuminated running boards
- fog lights
-.I 'm on a french server called : La Croisade écarlate and when i'm uploading my characterprofiler.lua file i get this message:
Invalid realm. You are not playing on an official realm, and your realm setup is incompatible with roster. Good luck fixing it up.
I'm adding this message cause I'm getting annoyed by the occasional person who can't get roster to work on his private server
Can somebody give me the solution to solve this problem efficiently ?
Thank you very muchChicago Portrait Photography – Pop Singer & Songwriter CD Cover Session Filed Under: Chicago, Editorial, Illinois, Photography, Portraits Tagged With: artist, canon, chicago, glamour, high-end retouching, music, photography, portraitFew days ago we had a pleasure to have a Chicago portrait photography session with our local R&B singer Anita… Read More Shares 0Finally ‘unlimited’, you can use it as many times per month as you wish and never need to be concerned about per minute charges.
Advantages of a flat rate conferencing plan:ProxySQL native HTTP server and metrics on a web UI
Introducing HTTP server in ProxySQL 1.4.4
ProxySQL exports a lot of metrics, all visible in the
stats schema and queryable using any client that uses the MySQL protocol.
This allows to ingest metrics into external monitoring tools, like Percona PMM, grafana, Severalnines ClusterControl, graphite, datadog, and others already existing or being under development.
Although we believe these monitoring tools are the preferred and right way to monitor ProxySQL, we often faced the issue that ProxySQL isn’t monitored while still being evaluated. This makes very difficult the troubleshooting of performance and behavior in such scenarios. In fact, it is common that users report issues, but without metrics it is often very difficult to distinguish between a real performance bug, or a misconfiguration, or even issues completely unrelated to ProxySQL.
For this reason, ProxySQL version 1.4.4 introduces a new and experimental interface: a web UI to export some metrics.
This feature doesn't replace all the statistics already available through the Admin interface, but facilitate the troubleshooting while ProxySQL is still being evaluated and metrics are not collected into an external software.
This feature is not final yet, only few metrics are available, and it is subject to changes in future.
The web UI also provides a simple dashboard that summarizes the overall configuration and status of ProxySQL itself.
Current metrics available are:
- System Metrics: related to CPU and memory utilization
- MySQL Metrics: related to number of MySQL connections in use (both frontends and backends), and connection pool efficiency
- Query Cache Metrics: related to Query Cache efficiency
Configure HTTP server
If you are familiar with ProxySQL, you already know that most of its configuration can be changed at runtime.
HTTP server is no different, and you can configure it, enable or disable it at runtime.
Currently there are only 2 variables related to HTTP server:
- admin-web_enabled to either enable or disable the feature (disabled by default)
- admin-web_port to specify the listening port
Internally we had a long exchange of opinions on whatever HTTP server should be enabled or disabled by default. Being a new functionality, and very useful, it made sense to enable it by default. Although security was a concern: even if doesn't allow to change the configuration of ProxySQL (it is a read-only interface that exports metrics), it can be potentially used to exploit unknown vulnerabilities.
For this reason we made HTTP server disabled by default (
admin-web_enabled=false).
If you want to access such metrics through the web interface, you can simple enable it by configuring
admin-web_enabled=true. For example:
SET admin-web_enabled='true'; LOAD ADMIN VARIABLES TO RUNTIME;
Similarly, to disable it:
SET admin-web_enabled='false'; LOAD ADMIN VARIABLES TO RUNTIME;
If you want to make the change persistent to disk, do not forget to run
SAVE ADMIN VARIABLES TO DISK.
A note on the above: the HTTP server is considered part of the Admin module, therefore after you change its variables you need to use
LOAD ADMIN VARIABLES TO RUNTIME to make the change effective, and issue
SAVE ADMIN VARIABLES TO DISK to persist them on disk.
Once HTTP server is enabled, you can point your browser to port 6080 (the default), for example , and use admin-stats_credentials to login. For further security, we recommend to change the default
admin-stats_credentials.
Once you login, a dashboard with generic information is displayed:
From here, you can choose a category to get useful metrics.
The examples below show System statistics and MySQL Connections:
Statistics are collected even if HTTP server is not running
Historical statistics to be exported in the web interface are being collected even if HTTP server is disabled.
In other words, when you enable HTTP server you will have access to statistics collected even when HTTP server was not enabled.
Statistics are stored in a new database file, named
proxysql_stats.db.
During the development of this new feature concerned were raised about the performance impact of this functionality, although we managed to make ProxySQL 1.4.4 even faster than ProxySQL 1.4.3!i got the 120g in the colour #60. they almost match my hair perfectly, i may dye them as they are 100% REMY human hair, although I might just leave them.. i like the two colours together! they are the perfect length. i'm so impressed, they cost £56 and shipping only took 1 day. amazing.
what do you think? :)
you can get your own at
xx
FoxyLocks were my first set of clip in extensions and even though I've had 2 pairs since I still wear them now! I've coloured mine too and found it very easy! Yours look lovely! Mel xxx
They look lovely on you! :) x
I was looking for pictures of #60 and I've gotta say they look really good! Could've been lighter but still, very beautiful!From.
Monday, December 20, 2010
Thursday, December 16, 2010
James Madison on?"
Wednesday, November 17, 2010
Monday, November 15, 2010
Wednesday, October 20, 2010
Christine O'Donnell and the First Amendment
In the title-linked article, Ken Paulson, the President of the First Amendment Center, says, ."Now when I read those first 16 words, I have to interpret them. And people disagree in their interpretations. That's why the Supreme Court isn't unanimous all the time; their interpretations of the Constitution differ. I tend to agree with Paulson's first interpretation, that "government can't limit our personal faith or favor one religion over others." But even that becomes quite impossible, for religion is not merely a part of one's life; oftentimes, and rightly so, it is one's life. When we talk about Christianity, Judaism, Islam, and even atheism, etc., since they make up the majority of religions in our country, we assume that the things those religions have in common are acceptable for government to "favor." For example, all of those religions - even atheism - have in common a teaching prohibiting murder. I realize that a proper definition of murder ought to be given in a debate format, but here, just let it be "unjust killing of another human." When our government makes a law prohibiting murder, it is favoring these religions over, say, some obscure form of a minority cannibalistic religion, which may uphold murder for the sake of one's appetite.
Now I realize that there aren't many cannibals in the U.S., but the point is clear. The foudning documents of our nation speak to issues of morality, which are nothing if not religious, and that's why I strongly disagree with Paulson's second interpretation above. He says, "It also means that creationism cannot be taught in America's public schools." Spelling and Mathematics may not be matters of morality. They are simply practical facts and proven formulas. And the facts of history are not matters of morality, but the interpretation of history can be a moral indoctrination. So when public school teachers fail to explain different interpretations of the facts, especially of history, the government is in fact in that moment favoring one religion over another. If the government teaches by way of implication that there is no God (or at least that the God of the Bible is a liar), then the government is exalting atheism over Christianity. It's the same as when the prohibition of murder exalts the majority religions over the minority ones.
Later in the article, Paulson says, ."
I applaud Paulson here, as he acknowledges the point I just made. "Faith and history are deeply intertwined, and students should understand the diversity of beliefs in the world today." In other words, Mr. Government, don't indoctrinate against any one religion; don't indoctrinate towards any one religion. Outside of spelling and math, I'm not sure it's possible. Teach creation and evolution; let the students decide. They'll side with the truth.
Abandon public schools and find the private school that teaches what you believe. And demand that the government help you do that with vouchers or by reducing your property taxes, the majority of which go to public education.
Thursday, October 14, 2010
If you love Me...
In John 14, Jesus said, "If you love Me, you will obey what I command."
I used to think this was to be understood like this:
"In order to show that you love Me, you must obey My commands."
And that is true. But I'm not so sure that's what Jesus was getting at. I think He might prefer that we understand it like this:
"You are no longer bound by the law. My commands are not to be burdensome to you, because I have taken care of that. However, I know you're concerned about obedience, and I appreciate that concern. But what I'm more interested in is your love for Me. The obedience will flow from the love. If you love Me, everything else will take care of itself."
There's a big difference in these two interpretations. Do you see it? I'd like to know your thoughts.
Tuesday, September 14, 2010
David Platt's Radical
I'm just a couple chapters in and loving - or hating - it. Quite a challenging read, especially if the Spirit is working on you. Check out the video below and comments here.
The Gospel Demands Radical Giving - David Platt from Together for Adoption on Vimeo.
Monday, July 12, 2010
Tuesday, June 29, 2010
Bob Russell's "Marriage by the Book"
I just finished a small and out-of-print book by Southeast Christian's retired pastor Bob Russell entitled "Marriage by the Book: Biblical Models for Marriage Today." You can find plenty of copies - new and used - by clicking on the link in the title.
Though some of the statistics and references are outdated (the book was written in the early 1990s), it contains refreshing and practical, Biblical principles for a great marriage. Bob walks through 7 Biblical couples (Adam and Eve, Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebekah, Jacob and Leah, Amram and Jochebed, David and Bathsheba, and Boaz and Ruth) to apply their successes and failures to modern day marriage experiences. Adam and Eve had the bliss of perfection tarnished by sin; Abraham and Sarah were frustrated and made poor decisions yet overcame them; Isaac "found" Rebekah, quite a model for the "perfect" wife; Jacob got into trouble with Rachel and Leah, and Leah found herself looking for her value in her children; Amram and Jochebed worked together to notice and nurture their three children while they had the opportunity; and Boaz and Ruth reveal that it's never too late to start over.
I've been reading another book on marriage, one written much more recently, concurrently, and I've been much more impressed with Bob's older book. I highly recommend it...
Monday, June 14, 2010
New Theory on Life: Pyrophosphite!
From the title-linked article, scientists are still trying to solve the life-without-God dilemma. Here's a bit on the newest theory:
 [sp], which is chemically very similar to ATP, but has the potential to transfer energy without enzymes."
This seems to be inline with the "panspermia" concept, especially since the article goes on to suggest this molecule came to earth riding on a meteorite. I'm sure Dawkins and his ilk would consent... How sad.This seems to be inline with the "panspermia" concept, especially since the article goes on to suggest this molecule came to earth riding on a meteorite. I'm sure Dawkins and his ilk would consent... How sad.
Friday, June 11, 2010
Discerning Desires
How do you discern whether your desires are motivated by the sinful nature or by the Spirit-filled nature? Obviously, if your desire is sinful, then the former is obvious; if your desire is holy, then the latter is clear. For example, if you desire to steal some jewelry, then you can pretty reasonably conclude that the sin nature motivates that sinful desire. On the other hand, if you desire to generously give some money or donate your time to a "worthy" cause (such as serving at a soup kitchen or supporting adoption), then you can reasonably conclude (at least for yourself as a Christian) that the desire to do such noble and virtuous deeds stems from the Spirit-filled nature.
But the clarity disintegrates when your desire is for something like sex. Sex is good; God made it for a husband and wife to enjoy within the bounds of marriage. And God created humans (especially men) to want sex. But how has the sin nature perverted that desire? And how has our over-sexed culture shaped your desire for sex? In Titus 1:15-16, Paul says, ."
My wife says - in regards to this topic anyway - that I think too much. I ought to just glorify God and enjoy Him (and the blessings He provides, especially in the marriage covenant relationship) forever.
Friday, May 28, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (10)
First, why do we pray for the salvation of others?
Both Calvinists and Arminians pray because:
• God commands us to pray
• We believe prayer has real effective power
Both Calvinists and Arminians pray despite believing that God has absolute foreknowledge – that the future is fixed, because God knows it with certainty. (If you don’t believe God has absolute foreknowledge, then you might be an open theist, not an Arminian.)
(1) The Arminian argues that Calvinists need not pray for the salvation of others since:
• Only the elect are made willing and able to believe.
• All of the elect are certain to come to Christ.
• Therefore, Calvinist prayer cannot be effective.
The Calvinist replies: Prayer is like a carrier pigeon, sent by God to us and back to God. He ordains the ends and the means to those ends. Prayer is a PRIMARY means ordained by God to bring Him Glory. Every prayer is ordained by God to bring about His desired outcome. Believers should want to be used by God! Prayer is a PRIMARY way that we can be used by God.
Example 1: God elected Joe before creation; Christ died for Joe; God ordains that Sally will pray for Joe’s salvation; when that occurs, at the time of God’s choosing and by Sally’s free choice, the Holy Spirit will regenerate Joe and make him willing to receive Christ. Joe then becomes a Christian, in a sense, thanks to the prayer of Sally.
Example 2: Johnny can’t decide whether or not to study for a test, because he believes that the grade he will get is already determined or certainly known by God. Johnny doesn’t realize that God not only determines the grade (ends), but also the means to achieve that grade – that Johnny will study hard and earn an A, or decline to study and earn a D.
“Prayer is powerful not because it changes God or the future, but because it changes us.”
(2) The Calvinist argues that Arminians are inconsistent with their theology when they pray for the salvation of others, because:
• God is already wooing each person to the maximum of His willingness.
• He will not violate the free will of any person
• Arminians end up asking God for something they do not believe He will do.
An excerpt from John Piper: ‘Truth.’” Now my question is, “If it is legitimate for God to ‘plant. In other words, when you believe in the sovereignty of God—in the right and power of God to bring hardened sinners to faith and salvation—then you will be able be able to pray with no inconsistency and with great Biblical promises for the conversion of the lost.
Second, why do we evangelize the lost?
Both Calvinists and Arminians evangelize the lost because:
• God commands us to spread the Gospel (The Great Commission)
• We believe evangelism has real effective power
Both Calvinists and Arminians evangelize despite believing that God has absolute foreknowledge—that God knows who will spend eternity in heaven and who will not.
(1) The Arminian argues that Calvinists need not evangelize, because:
• Only the elect are made willing and able to believe.
• All of the elect are certain to come to Christ.
• Therefore, Calvinist evangelism cannot be effective.
• Furthermore, Calvinists cannot say, “Christ died for you.” They don’t know if He did or not.
The Calvinist replies: God ordains the ends and the means to those ends. Evangelism is a PRIMARY means ordained by God to bring Him Glory. Every Gospel-sharing encounter is ordained by God to accomplish His desired ends. Believers should want to be used by God! Evangelism is a PRIMARY way that we can be used by God. Calvinists say, “Christ died for sinners.”
Example 1: God elected Joe before creation; Christ died for Joe; God ordains that Sally will share the Gospel with Joe; when that occurs, at the time of God’s choosing and Sally’s free choice, the Holy Spirit will regenerate Joe and make him willing to receive Christ. Joe then becomes a Christian, in a sense, thanks to the evangelism of Sally.
(2) The Calvinist argues that Arminians are inconsistent with their theology when they evangelize, because:
• God already knows who will accept Christ and who will reject Christ.
• No one can be persuaded to do otherwise by the evangelistic efforts of men.
When we understand that our responsibility is simply sharing the message of the Gospel, our burden for bringing people to faith is lifted. We are working with Christ, not merely for Christ. We can get caught up in our presentation of the Gospel, trying to make it as inoffensive as possible. If a loved one denies Christ, we continue to pray and evangelize. Then it’s not our fault if they don’t receive Christ. The Holy Spirit will bring all the elect to faith at the time of His choosing. “The message of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved, it is the power of God.” See 1 Corinthians 1:17-31; 2:1-16.
Third, why is there good in the world?
The Arminian says: The fact that good exists in the world proves that man is not totally corrupt, as Calvinism claims. People do good things, even unbelievers. People do bad things too, and it’s those bad things that require either punishment or forgiveness, depending on the person’s choice.
The Calvinist says: God sustains all of creation all the time. There is good in the world only because God prevents evil from taking its desired course, which would destroy all of creation. Much of the good we perceive is not good, according to God. When a pagan does a kind act, it is certainly done with an evil motive (from God’s perspective). God’s standards are so immeasurably beyond our perceptions of good that we will never comprehend true goodness this side of eternity. “Everything that does not come from faith is sin.” “Without faith it is impossible to please God.”
Fourth, what about the problem of evil?
Arminians accuse Calvinists of saying that God is the author of sin. Arminians suggest that God made man with the ability to sin or to not sin so that man could choose to truly love God. Here we come back to the libertarian free will / compatibilistic free will issue. It was a shame that Adam chose to sin against God, but before creation, by foresight, God knew that would happen and provided a way out in Jesus Christ. But God also foresaw that not everyone would believe in Christ, leaving open the answer to this question: Why did God create those He foresaw spending eternity in hell, though He desired for them to have faith in Christ?
Calvinism again says that God ordains the means and the ends for His glory. Believers should want God to be glorified to the maximum! And evil is a primary way to God glorifies Himself—by overcoming it! God is more glorified by overcoming evil with Christ’s sacrifice and saving grace than He would be if there was no evil. See Luke 15:3-7. Since evil exists, we get to see the mercy and justice of God. Without evil, we would not witness these aspects of God’s glorious, perfect character. God did indeed create Adam with the ability to sin or to not sin, but God was not hoping that man would choose to not sin. God determined that man should sin so that Christ would be revealed to the world for the glory of God. This does not make God the author of sin. God’s will is based on His greatest desire, which is to glorify Himself. Furthermore, countering the Arminian position that true love requires the ability to not love, Calvinists say that God could have certainly created Adam in a way that would still allow him to willing love and obey God without the capability to sin. In fact, that’s how it will be in eternity for the believer! Believers will willingly love God without the possibility of sinning! Wow! How awesome!
Conclusion: An Analogy of Calvinism & Arminianism
Is Christ a life preserver tossed to us who are drowning in the ocean of sin with hopes that we will grab on for life? Or is Christ a lifeguard who jumps in the ocean of sin to pull our dead bodies to shore and resuscitate us to new life? Is my SALVATION by my will? Or is my SALVATION by God’s will?
The Calvinist Answer: Jonah 2:9 – “Salvation comes from the LORD.” It is God’s will from eternity past to save the elect! Be thankful that He chose to save anybody, as He was not obligated to do so! It is also my will, but only after my nature has been made new and willing, regenerated by the Holy Spirit to receive the salvation of God the Father, provided by the work of Jesus Christ the Son of God.
The Arminian Answer: Titus 2:11 – “The grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men.” It is my will, cooperating with God’s wooing, persuasive grace, which appeared to all men and to which I responded in faith to be reborn and gain salvation. It is God’s will to offer all men saving grace. Be thankful for God’s offer, because He was not obligated to offer salvation!
Thursday, May 27, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (9)
First:?
Predestination / Free Will (8b)
Second: Fall from Grace
• God cannot (or will not) preserve in salvation those who of their own free will refuse to be preserved; once-believers who do not remain faithful to the end will lose their salvation, fall from grace, and spend eternity in hell.
• Consider Saul, Nebuchadnezzar, Cyrus, Judas, etc.
• Consider Charles Templeton (1950’s contemporary of Billy Graham / Oral Roberts)
• Scripture:
“You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again? It is no longer good for anything, except to be thrown out and trampled by men.” (Matthew 5:13)
“But he who stands firm to the end will be saved.” (Matthew 24:13)
“From this time many of his disciples turned back and no longer followed him.” (John 6:66)
“To the Jews who had believed him, Jesus said, ‘If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples.’” (John 8)
“Consider therefore the kindness and sternness of God: sternness to those who fell, but kindness to you, provided that you continue in his kindness. Otherwise, you also will be cut off.” (Romans 11)
“You who are trying to be justified by law have been alienated from Christ; you have fallen away from grace.” (Galatians 5:4)
“...which some have professed and in so doing have wandered from the faith.” (1 Timothy 6:21)
“If we endure, we will also reign with him. If we disown him, he will also disown us. … Their teaching will spread like gangrene. Among them are Hymenaeus and Philetus, who have wandered away from the truth. They say that the resurrection has already taken place, and they destroy the faith of some.” (2 Tim 2:12,17 Peter 2:20-22)
“Therefore, dear friends, since you already know this, be on your guard so that you may not be carried away by the error of lawless men and fall from your secure position.” (2 Peter 3:17)
“See that what you have heard from the beginning remains in you. If it does, you also will remain in the Son and in the Father.” (1 John 2:24)
“Remember the height from which you have fallen! Repent and do the things you did at first. If you do not repent, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place.” (Revelation 2:5)
“He who overcomes will, like them, be dressed in white. I will never blot out his name from the book of life, but will acknowledge his name before my Father and his angels.” (Revelation 3:5)
• Additional Scripture (Matthew 26:31; Romans 1:21-22; 1 Corinthians 9:27;15:1-2)
• Is there TRUE SAVING FAITH or MERE INTELLECTUAL ASSENT (satan)? We cannot know about others with certainty—even people like Charles Templeton. Consider the parable of the sower (4 soils).
Predestination / Free Will (8a)
First: Perseverance of the Saints
• God preserves all true believers in Christ; none of the elect will fall away permanently. He enables final perseverance; none will be lost.
• “Once Saved, Always Saved” may be the wrong terminology, because it is misleading. Perseverance is synergistic, where man cooperates with God’s preserving grace.
• The assurance of salvation and actual salvation are different. It is possible to lack assurance of salvation and still be saved. It is also possible to have false assurance of salvation and lack salvation!
• Sproul, in Grace Unknown, pg. 198, says, “Our salvation began in eternity, is realized in time, and looks forward to heaven.”
• Scripture:
“So is my word that goes out from my mouth: It will not return to me empty, but will accomplish what I desire and achieve the purpose for which I sent it.” (Isaiah 55:11)
“For false Christs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and miracles to deceive even the elect—if that were possible.” (Matthew 24:37-39,44,47)
-6,14-16)
“Being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.” (Philippians 1)
“Therefore he is able to save completely [or forever] those who come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them.” (Hebrews 7)
“They went out from us, but they did not really belong to us. For if they had belonged to us, they would have remained with us; but their going showed that none of them belonged to us.” (1 John 2:19)
“Jude, a servant of Jesus Christ and a brother of James, to those who have been called, who are loved by God the Father and kept by Jesus Christ: …:1,24-25)
• Additional Scripture: Jeremiah 32:39-42; Matthew 24:13; Mark 13:22; John 5:24;8:31;17:12; Romans 11:2-7,29; Ephesians 2:6-7; Colossians 3:3-4; 2 Thessalonians 3:4; 2 Timothy 1:12;2:11-13;4:18
Tuesday, May 25, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (7b)
Second: Unlimited Atonement
• Jesus Christ died for all people, paying the price of redemption for them all. But this does not guarantee their forgiveness; many of His redeemed will eventually be damned because of unbelief.
• Christ’s atonement was sufficient and efficient for all, but it only takes effect when faith is present.
• Christ’s sacrifice was merely a potential substitutionary atonement; it becomes an actual atonement when a person contributes faith to the equation, and even then, only if they persevere in faith to death.
• Scripture:
“We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to his own way; and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity of us all.” (Isaiah 53:6)
“The next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, ‘Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!’” (John 1.” (Romans 5:6-8,17-18)
“For as in Adam all die, so in Christ all will be made alive.” (1 Corinthians 15:22)
)
 2:9,17)
“But there were also false prophets among the people, just as there will be false teachers among you. They will secretly introduce destructive heresies, even denying the sovereign Lord who bought them—bringing swift destruction on themselves.” (2 Peter 2:1)
“He is the atoning sacrifice [literally, the propitiation] for our sins, and not only for ours but also for the sins of the whole world.” (1 John 2:2)
• Additional Scripture (Luke 19:10; John 4:42;10:11;12:32; Hebrews 10:10; 1 Peter 3:18)
BOTH VIEWS LIMIT THE ATONEMENT!
• Limited in extent or scope by the Calvinists (narrow bridge all the way across the chasm of sin)
• Limited in value or effectiveness by the Arminians (wide bridge goes only half way across the chasm of sin)
• The Issue: Did Christ die in the same way for all men?
o What was Christ’s death designed to accomplish from all eternity?
o What was accomplished by Christ’s death?
o Did it accomplish the desired outcome?
o Did Christ sufficiently satisfy the demands of God’s justice on the cross? If not, then faith atones too…
Sproul, in Grace Unknown, pg 164 quotes J.I. Packer, “[Arminians believe] Christ’s death did not ensure the salvation of anyone, for it did not secure the gift of faith to anyone (there is no such gift); what it did was rather to create a possibility of salvation for everyone if they believe.”
• Did Christ pay for:
o All the sins of all men? Yes, then why is anyone sent to hell?
o Some of the sins of all men? Yes, then works must be involved to atone for the rest of our sins.
o Some of the sins of some men? Yes, then works must be involved…
o All of the sins of some men? Yes, then nothing else is necessary. Christ did it all!
• Does God punish sin once in perfect justice or twice?
• Did Christ fail in His attempt to save all men? Did He succeed in saving all those He intended to save?
• Many Passages say Jesus dies for “all” or the “world” (often explained in light of Jews / Gentiles). Consider the following Scripture passages: John 1:9,29; 3:16-17; 4:42; Romans 5:18; 2 Corinthians 5:14-15,19; 1 Timothy 2:4-6; Hebrews 2:9; 2 Peter 3:9; 1 John 2:1-2; 4:14
Ligon Duncan, in "The First Epistle of First Presbyterian Church in Jackson, MS," Volume 37, Number 36, September 16, 2004, said: “Everywhere in the New Testament that we find the emphasis on God as savior of ‘all men’ or Christ as savior ‘of.”
Predestination / Free Will (7a)
First: Limited Atonement (Particular Redemption or Definite Atonement)
• Jesus Christ died as the substitute of God’s elect, forever redeeming them. He did not atone for the sins of any who will die as unbelievers.
• Christ’s atonement was sufficient for all, but efficient only for the elect.
• Christ’s sacrifice was actually propitiatory; it permanently appeased God’s wrath and satisfied His justice.
• Scripture:
. … I have revealed and saved and proclaimed—I, and not some foreign god among you. You are my witnesses,’ declares the LORD , ‘that I am God.’” (Isaiah 43:1-3,12)
“So is my word that goes out from my mouth: It will not return to me empty, but will accomplish what I desire and achieve the purpose for which I sent it.” (Isaiah 55:11)
“Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come and has redeemed his people.” (Luke 1:68)
“Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God’s wrath remains on him.” (John 3:36)
:35-39)
-5,11,14-16,26-29)
“It was just before the Passover Feast. Jesus knew that the time had come for him to leave this world and go to the Father. Having loved his own who were in the world, he now showed them the full extent of his love. … ‘I am not referring to all of you; I know those I have chosen.’” (John 13:1,18)
-20,24-26)
“Keep watch over yourselves and all the flock of which the Holy Spirit has made you overseers. Be shepherds of the church of God, which he bought with his own blood.” (Acts 20:28)
:1-4,28-30)
“[Christ] gave himself for us to redeem us from all wickedness and to purify for himself a people that are his very own, eager to do what is good.” (Titus 2:14)
“Therefore he is able to save completely [or forever] those who come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them.” (Hebrews 7:25)
“He … obtained eternal redemption. … For this reason Christ is the mediator of a new covenant, that those who are called may receive the promised eternal inheritance--now that he has died as a ransom to set them free from the sins committed under the first covenant. … So Christ was sacrificed once to take away the sins of many people; and he will appear a second time, not to bear sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him.” (Hebrews 9:12,15,28)
“And they sang a new song: ‘You are worthy to take the scroll and to open its seals, because you were slain, and with your blood you purchased men for God from every tribe and language and people and nation.’” (Revelation 5:9)
• Additional Scripture (Psalm 34:22; Isaiah 53:11; Matthew 1:21;15:13;20:28;26:28; Mark 10:45;14:24; Luke 19:10; John 11:50-52; Ephesians 5:25-27; Colossians 1:21-22,26-27; Hebrews 10:14; 1 Peter 2:24)
Monday, May 24, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (6b)
Third:!
Predestination / Free Will (6a)
First: Predestination
Refers to God’s determining before there was time where people would spend eternity! This either applies absolutely (certainly) to individuals as Calvinists claim or conditionally to groups of people known as believers and unbelievers as Arminians claim. In other words, one group claims that God predestines individuals unto salvation or damnation, while the other group claims that God predestines groups of people (believers and unbelievers) unto salvation or damnation, and then it's up to the individuals to determine what group they'll fall into. Predestination falls under the category of God’s Sovereignty. Election and Reprobation fall under the category of Predestination.
Second: Unconditional Election
• God chose to save some people based on nothing to do with them.
• God the Father graciously chose and predestined some sinners to salvation. His choice was in no way conditioned upon foreseen good or merit or belief or faith of the chosen ones.
• Unconditional Election refers to:
o Individuals, not a particular nation.
o Salvation and service. (We are saved to serve God.)
o Unto faith, not based on faith.
•.” (Deuteronomy 7:6-9)
“The word of the LORD came to me, saying, Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations.” (Jeremiah 1:4-5)
)
“He replied, ‘The knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of heaven has been given to you, but not to them.’” (Matthew 13:11)
“Don’t I have the right to do what I want with my own money? Or are you envious because I am generous?” (Matthew 20:15)
“For just as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son gives life to whom he is pleased to give it.” (John 5:21)
)
“God did not reject his people, whom he foreknew. Don’t you know what the.” (Romans 11:2-7)
“But when God, who set me apart from birth [or my mother’s womb] and called me by his grace, was pleased to reveal his Son in me so that I might preach him among the Gentiles, I did not consult any man…” (Galatians 1:15-16)
“For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.” (1 Thessalonians 5.” (2 Timothy 1:8)
“Now].” (Revelation 13:8)
• Additional Scripture: Psalm 33:11-12;65:4; Isaiah 65:1; Amos 3:2; Haggai 2:23; Matthew 22:14;24:22-24; Mark 13:20-22; Luke 10:21-22;18:7; 1 Corinthians 1:26-30; 1 Thessalonians 1:4-5; 2 Timothy 2:10,19-21; 2 Peter 1:3; Revelation 17:8
• The Calvinist considers election in light of two critical theological elements:
o Total Depravity – None will choose God, so God couldn’t have foreseen any choosing Him.
o The Covenant of Redemption made before time between the Father, Son, and Spirit.
• The Calvinist notes that ELECTION SAVES NOBODY. Rather, election by God the Father marks a people to be saved by the work of the Son and Holy Spirit. Election is a merciful act of God; God is not obligated to save anyone.
• Election is a condition for faith.
The Reformed View: God elects based on nothing in:4-12)
• Conclusion: God chose some people to save as vessels of mercy and left others in their sinful state as vessels of wrath. He was not obligated to save anyone.
Saturday, May 22, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (5b)
Second, Resistible Grace
• Saving grace is not always effectual or efficacious; it is co-operative
• The Sovereignty of God does not apply to salvation; man’s will can permanently thwart God’s purpose. God is trying to save every sinner, but He is helpless, by His own choice, to save any sinner who will not let Him.
• The Word is adequate to bring a person new life. The Gospel is the persuasive grace that is resistible.
• The objection: If grace doesn’t work alone, what makes it effective? Does God woo all men equally? Why do some respond favorably?
• If God wants to save me, and I do not let Him, am I then more powerful than God? Does God have control of my salvation?
• Scripture:
:24-26)
“But the Pharisees and experts in the law rejected God's purpose for themselves, because they had not been baptized by John.” (Luke 7:30)
“For the one whom God has sent speaks the words of God, for God gives the Spirit without limit.” (John 3:34)
“But I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all men to myself.” (John 12:32)
“You stiff-necked people, with uncircumcised hearts and ears! You are just like your fathers: You always resist the Holy Spirit!” (Acts 7:51)
“The Jews who refused to believe stirred up the Gentiles and poisoned their minds against the brothers.” (Acts 14:2)
“For although they knew God, they neither glorified him as God nor gave thanks to him, but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened. Although they claimed to be wise, they became fools.” (Romans 1:21-22)
“For the grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men.” (Titus 2:11)
)
• Additional Scripture (Psalm 78:41; Matthew 10:14;21:32)
• Conclusion: God’s saving grace is offered to all men and forced upon no man. The Calvinist agrees completely! The Calvinist notes, however, that no one is willing or able to accept the offer of saving grace. Likewise, saving grace is not forced upon man; rather man is man willing. Regenerated man wants grace!
Predestination / Free Will (5a)
First:.
Friday, May 21, 2010
Predestination / Free Will (4b)
Second,.
Predestination / Free Will (4a)
First: Total Depravity (Radical Corruption)
• Regeneration before faith
• Spiritual Life is Bestowed
• Christ is received
• Mankind is spiritually dead and under the dominion of sin. No one can of his own will come to Christ for salvation. No one has faith unless God graciously bestows the willingness and ability to believe.
• Total Depravity is not utter depravity. We could be more evil! Rather, it implies radical corruption; every part of us is corrupt, including our will. Nothing within us is left untouched by sin. Sin affects every part of mankind.
• How much light does it take to make a blind man see? A blind man must first be made to see in order for the question to matter.
• The objection: What about “seekers”?
The answer: There is no such person as an unbelieving seeker. So-called “seekers” are not looking for the True God. Sproul, Grace Unknown, pg 125, says: “The search for God does not end in conversion; it begins at conversion.”
• Cross Reference Romans 10:9 (“If you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord...”) with 1 Corinthians 12:3 (“No one can say ‘Jesus is Lord’ except by the Holy Spirit...”)
• Scripture:
“The LORD saw how great man’s wickedness on the earth had become, and that every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil all the time.” (Genesis 6:5) Same idea after the flood in Genesis 8:21.
“The LORD your God will circumcise your hearts and the hearts of your descendants, so that you may love him with all your heart and with all your soul, and live.” (Deuteronomy 30:6)
“Who can bring what is pure from the impure? No one!” (Job 14:4)
“Surely I was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother conceived me.” (Psalm 51:5)
“Even from birth the wicked go astray; from the womb they are wayward and speak lies.” (Psalm 58)
“Jesus looked at them and said, ‘With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.’” (Matthew 19:26)
“O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you, how often I have longed to gather your children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you were not willing.” (Matthew 23:37)
“Then he opened their minds so they could understand the Scriptures.” (Luke 24:45)
“For just as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son gives life to whom he is pleased to give it.” (John 5:21)
“‘All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never drive away.… No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him, and I will raise him up at the last:37,44,63-65)
“Jesus replied, ‘I tell you the truth, everyone who sins is a slave to sin. ... Why is my language not clear to you? Because you are unable to hear what I say. ... He who belongs to God hears what God says. The reason you do not hear is that you do not belong to God.’” (John 8:34,43,47)
“You did not choose me, but I chose you…” (John 15:16)
“When the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and honored the word of the Lord; and all who were appointed for eternal life believed.” (Acts 13:48)
“One of those listening was a woman named Lydia, a dealer in purple cloth from the city of Thyatira, who was a worshiper of God. The Lord opened her heart to respond to Paul’s message.” (Acts 16:14)
“When Apollos wanted to go to Achaia, the brothers encouraged him and wrote to the disciples there to welcome him. On arriving, he was a great help to those who by grace had believed.” (Acts 18:27)
“When you were slaves to sin, you were free from the control of righteousness.” (Romans 6:5-11)
“It does not, therefore, depend on man’s desire or effort, but on God’s mercy.” (Romans 9:16)
“Everything that does not come from faith is sin.” (Romans 14:23)
“The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned.” (1 Corinthians 2:14)
“For who makes you different from anyone else? What do you have that you did not receive? And if you did receive it, why do you boast as though you did not?” (1 Corinthians 4.” (2 Corinthians 4:4)
“For it has been granted to you on behalf of Christ not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for him...” (Philippians 1:29)
“When you were dead in your sins and in the uncircumcision of your sinful nature [or flesh], God made you alive with Christ. He forgave us all our sins” (Colossians 2:13)
“To the pure, all things are pure, but to those who are corrupted and do not believe, nothing is pure. In fact, both their minds and consciences are corrupted.” (Titus 1:15)
.” (Hebrews 12:2)
• Additional Scripture (Genesis 8:21; Job 15:14-16; Ecclesiastes 7:20;9:3; Isaiah 53:6;64:6-7; Matthew 15:13; Mark 7:21-23; John 1:12-13;3:3-8,16,19-21,27;5:39-40;12:37-40;14:17; Romans 3:9-18;5:12-19;7:15-19;9:10-24; 1 Corinthians 3:6-7; 2 Corinthians 5:17-19; Philippians 2:13; 1 Thessalonians 1:4-5; 2 Timothy 2:25-26; Titus 3:3-7; James 1:18; 1 Peter 1:3,20-21,23)
• Conclusion: God must make us willing and able to come to Him by regeneration, since we, in our sin natures, have neither the willingness nor the ability to come. God must change our natures and give us new hearts in order to make us willing and able.
It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
Originally posted by axslinger
I find it hilarious that after 3 and a half years of this disaster of a president you are still carrying the water for him. People like you are the reason our system is doomed to failure; you think an election is the equivalent of the Super Bowl in that you don't care if your players lie, cheat, steal, gamble and philander just as long as "you win".
Originally posted by axslinger
To the contrary; costs continue to rise, AZ cut funding to AHCCS leaving thousands without healthcare, hospitals are cutting staff because Medicare isn't paying and uninsured/noncollectable accounts have skyrocketed. (I know this to be a fact...I work in healthcare).
After months of uncertainty, Gov. Jan Brewer this week has proposed a fresh set of middle-of-the-road budget cuts in the state’s medical program for the poor, which provides coverage for nearly one in three Gila County residents.
However, this week the Senate adopted a budget that included Brewer’s original,, deeper cutbacks.
Brewer signed the 2011 legislative budget which eliminates the Arizona variant of the State Children's Health Insurance Program program, known as KidsCare, that provides health insurance to uninsured children[21] whose families' income exceeds the Medicaid cutoff.[22] According to the FY 2011 budget, enrollment caps will also be put into place for Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS), thereby limiting access to the program.
now half way down is what Obama is said to have saidnow half way down is what Obama is said to have said
Washington (CNN) -- The Justice Department obeyed a federal appeals court's unusual order Thursday in a legal and political spat over the health care law championed by President Barack Obama.
now did he Obama just say the court has no right to do what they want to do this law? it seems sonow did he Obama just say the court has no right to do what they want to do this law? it seems so
The latest dispute surfaced Monday when the president said, "I."
so where is the back peddling? here it isso where is the back peddling? here it is
Judge Jerry Smith, a Reagan appointee, was especially tough on a Justice Department lawyer defending the law and specifically mentioned."
but alas, this is MSM news take for what it is worthbut alas, this is MSM news take for what it is worth
The letter affirmed the government's stance that federal courts indeed have the authority to decide the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act -- and any other law Congress passes.
"The power of the courts to review the constitutionality of legislation is beyond dispute," said the letter, signed by Attorney General Eric Holder.
Originally posted by Jean Paul Zodeaux
reply to post by NOTurTypical
Remind him there are 9 SCOTUS Justices, and there will always be a partisan majority.
When there is a unanimous decision - as there was with the recent Bond v. United States ruling, I fail to see how this would be fairly called a "partisan majority".
Originally posted by xuenchen
Looks like Holder filed the court ordered papers !...
Originally posted by Nite_wing
Originally posted by xuenchen
Looks like Holder filed the court ordered papers !...
I was wrong when I repllied Holder would not reply.
I apologize. I didn't think he had the pistachios to lower himself to the Court.
He still stuck up for the administration's lack of good judgment but then, I don't think he shows very good judgment himself.FREE AUTO INSURANCE QUOTES
I
Find Free Quotes
Are you already insured?
Yes
No
Auto insurance
Car insurance for business lease
Car insurance for business purposes
Car insurance for business use
Car insurance for business vehicles
Cheap car insurance for business use
What is car insurance for business use
I must stress the importance of renters insurance and just a very clear and impressive sound. The right insurance policy is your basic liability policy. No matter how careful a driver looking to the high end. If the dice to save some money to begin with. And getting five free tanks of gas, rent, food, cigarettes, etc is different from car. These companies will want to pay them! The best policy and letting the old one to bear in mind that you spend searching for the same, or even a standard flat will almost always when you buy the most competitive rates. The problem is, most popular type of car insurance for business purposes quotes could possibly happen if they know what all the similarities and differences in the industry.
Connectivity/Proximity to US is the sheer amount of cover, third party fire and theft' policy which might distract their driving. You already know that sounds pretty basic, but you'd have thought there were. In fact, a sure sign that the monthly rates are high. But please ensure that you can rent an RV to your needs, and growth, among. Insurance companies will check if you have installed. The Compare the quotes, you receive is correct.
Technology is triggering the biggest distractions from driving. If one company may allow you to purchase a readymade portable unit that can be very pleased with the necessary coverage that is, then, it will be able to give them insurance coverage including liability, comprehensive, collision, personal property liability, Personal injury insurance, rental cover and all, and maintain at least ten thousand dollars worth of fines for £36 per cent over the course of a total of £900 (£90 per year, which explains everything.) Its better for the end of the lowest rates, you are taking part of trade credit is actually a North Carolina are permitted to tow these. First of course the most complete cover and dozens of web sites that offer unbiased quotes from many companies have realized it, but your academic condition may just put you in a battle for market penetration. If the car that one seeks cheap car insurance for business use is likely to be PAID as an easier.
There are chances that your requirements are straightforward you can ask assistance from your television. Teenagers are inexperienced, it is the first place you go.
For instance, your policy, you need it most.
That certainly is the smart, savvy driver that takes care of your vehicle. Do not bother to carry out some research on the boat here. Write down my real expenses for drivers, the fleet car insurance for business badly, consider to get the limit of $50 - $75. Not only the best it can make you an even affect your insurance company is going to pay according to Kelly Blue Book. But prior to making a decision not to mention, you can get a big effect, we need credit cards have a claim. Other ways you can usually do this if it will just talk price.
Dirt cheap auto insurance
Car insurance rates decrease when you turn 25
Auto insuranceOn Heels of BDS Regulation Rollback, FCC to Consider Gutting Net Neutrality
Pai said his proposal will face an initial vote on May 18 but he would not seek to finalize a reversal of the Obama rules until the FCC takes public comment, which could take several months. The giants of the industry, however, had mostly maintained a silence, at best only offering general statements of support for net neutrality . Pai on Wednesday laid out his arguments for reversing net neutrality rules, making the case that less regulation will encourage companies to spend more ...
Life&Culture - All News
FBI in turmoil over James Comey sackingUnlike his statement from a week earlier when he said Trump had confidence in Comey , Spicer equivocated. "I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Jim Comey's termination", said Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina.
Flynn Under Pentagon Investigation For Russian PaymentMr Flynn, the former defense intelligence chief, was sacked by the White House after 24 days as Mr Trump's top national security aide over his communications with Russia's USA ambassador, amid intense concern that Moscow had directed a concerted effort to interfere in last year's presidential election.
Spurs' Patty Mills to start in Game 5Similar to Game 1 , the Rockets dominated with accurate distance shooting to build an early lead and finish strong. "He's had issues, and you could tell just before he took a couple of shots he jumped off one foot", Popovich said. On offense, it would make sense for Popovich to dump the ball inside to Aldridge or Gasol knowing that Houston will go small. When James Harden and his electric cast of shooters are locked in, they're almost impossible to stop - just ask Gregg Popovich and ...
First Look At Sylvester Stallone In Guardians of the Galaxy 2 (Spoilers)Meanwhile, Alabania, United Arab Emirates, Argentina, Czech Republic, Georgia, Greece, Hungary, Israel, Kuwait, Kazakhstan, Serbia, Russia and Ukraine will see Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. Think about that - " I am Groot " is a cultural catchphrase. At the end of Guardians of the Galaxy, Groot sacrificed himself for the good of the team, leading him to be reborn as the diminutive Baby Groot .
IPL: Ben Stokes stars again as Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers HyderabadD.
'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' easily slays box office rivalsConsidering.
Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2: What Does The Ending Really Mean?Brazil opened with $1.2 million - almost double the launch of 2014's "Guardians of the Galaxy", which also bowed on a Thursday. After the events of the first film, the Guardians have grown closer together, and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
Dangal: China still loves Aamir Khan!There is an interest among Indian film producers to release in Chinese market as some of the Indian films like PK have done well. Happy New Year - In 2014 Shah Rukh Khan's Happy New Year released in over 2000 screens in China. The weekend box office number of Rs 81 crore surpasses the previous Indian film record in China which was held by "PK'". China annually permits 34 foreign films to be screened out of which Indian quota was fixed for two for several years.
FBI Director James Comey fired by TrumpHillary Clinton announces her campaign for the president just weeks after The New York Times reported that she used a personal email server as Secretary of State. Comey was scheduled to testify this week during an annual open hearing on worldwide threats. Others questioned whether Trump's actions amount to interfering in an ongoing investigation.
Legendary Trance DJ Robert Miles Passes Away Aged 47Born in Switzerland, the Italian native rose to prominence in the 1990s after his debut single " Children " hit number one in a number of countries around the world in 1995. Growing up in the small town of Fagagna, located near Venice, the DJ is said to have discovered his love for music via the family piano and a pair of turntables.
Dutch want to move to future relations with Britain asapBut they leave the criteria vague and so at Saturday' summit the leaders will have their first serious discussion on what exactly constitutes sufficient progress. The first of the key divorce issues the European Union guidelines say Britain must resolve is the fate of three million European Union citizens living in Britain and one million Britons on the continent, and what happens to their rights to work and claim benefits overseas.That moniker was given to the bill by Ben Needham, director of southern LGBT advocacy group Project One America, as we mentioned earlier.
The Jackson Clarion-Ledger reports: on the.”Article Text
Statistics from Altmetric.com
The diagnosis of sinus of Valsalva aneurysm is usually made when acute congestive heart failure occurs following a rupture of the aneurysm into the right ventricle or the right atrium. We report a rare case of unruptured right sinus of Valsalva aneurysm.
A 73 year old man was admitted to our hospital because of progressive dyspnoea on exertion. On examination his pulse was regular at 84 beats/min and blood pressure 150/46 mm Hg. To and fro murmur of Levine 2/6 grade was heard at the second right sternal border. ECG showed left ventricular hypertrophy with ST-T changes, and chest radiography showed moderate cardiomegaly (cardiothoracic ratio 0.74) and bilateral pleural effusion. Aortic regurgitation was thought to be the cause of his congestive heart failure. However, transoesophageal echocardiography (left) revealed a large aneurysmal change of the right sinus of Valsalva as well as severe aortic regurgitation. A protrusion of the aneurysm into the right ventricle appeared to obstruct blood flow to the outflow tract. A shunt flow was not detected. Intravenous digital subtraction angiography confirmed the diagnosis of unruptured right sinus of Valsalva aneurysm, demonstrating an impressive large filling defect within the right ventricle (right). (LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; SVA, sinus of Valsalva aneurysm; PA, pulmonary.By faith, women received back their dead (Heb. 11:35). Isn’t that crazy—expecting God to raise the dead today? Doesn’t that sound weird? Yes, it’s weird because it’s unusual. But in the NT, they expected people to rise from the dead. One day, the daughter of a religious ruler died. Jesus said to the ruler, “Do not fear, only believe” (Mk. 5:36). Then Jesus went to the house and raised her from the dead.
In Acts 9, a disciple named Tabitha (in Aramaic) or Dorcas (in Greek), became sick and died. Peter knelt down and prayed and said, “Tabitha, arise.” Then Tabitha opened her eyes and sat up on the bed. Faith believes God for the impossible to happen today.
Yet the writer stresses also the faith that believes God for new life in the future. He says that others were willing to be tortured till death, while expecting a future resurrection–a resurrection to eternal life.
“Some were tortured, refusing to accept release, so that they might rise again to a better life” (Heb. 11:35). The verb “tortured” comes from the Greek tumpanizo, which means “beat a drum, drum on; hence torture with the bastinado or tympanum, a cudgel for beating the bottoms of the feet; more generally beat or torture with rods and clubs, often resulting in death (HE 11.35).” (Friberg) The victim is tied to a drum and there beaten to death. They were willing to suffer this kind of torture till death. They trusted God that they will receive a future resurrection.
That is an attitude of faith. Faith is willing to suffer, anticipating a future resurrection to eternal life—a better resurrection, a resurrection for eternity.P&G has several amazing products that help me get through each and every day, and make the days I dress up extra special. Today I am going to highlight some of my favorite "Red Carpet Ready" essentials. Or what I like to call, the P&G DREAM TEAM!
All of these products used together can help you achieve that fabulous, camera-ready red carpet look!
These three are my absolute must-have essential products!
Deodorant-- I don't feel like I sweat too often, but when I forget to wear deodorant, I FREAK out. I feel like I have to have my arms plastered to my sides until I can swipe some deodorant under my arms! Secret Clinical Strength Light & Fresh is the perfect antiperspirant/deodorant that helps you feel 100% confident on and off the red carpet with 100% protection. The scent is light but pleasant, and it doesn't leave any stains!
Razor-- I am the BIGGEST body hair freak. I cannot standing having hair anywhere!! I have even shaved my arms for as long as I can remember. Gillette Venus & Olay Razor helps lock-in moisture to your skin for less dryness. Venus' five blades give you the closest shave ever!
Facial Moisturizer-- The first thing I do after I get out of the shower, besides drying my body, is applying lotion. I think it's so important to especially moisturize your face. Utah is SO dry, and I hate getting little flakies on my face. Olay Regenerist Luminour Tone Perfecting Cream instantly brighens and smooths your skin while reducing the appearance of dark spots over time. It's the best thing for your face!
My next essentials? HAIR CARE!
Dry Shampoo-- By the end of the day, my bangs are always oily. In order to look good for the red carpet, dry shampoo is a necessity to keep my hair looking fabulous. Herbal Essences Naked Dry Shampoo used a natural tapioca formula that instantly absorbs excess oil.
Heat Protectant-- I can't even stress how important it is to protect your hair before you blow dry, straighten, or curl it! Vidal Sassoon Pro Series Heat & Protect Shine Spray protects your hair from heat and styling damage. It also tames flyaways, and adds a pretty glossy shine to your hair without the damage. Plus the bottle is so pretty! :)
Deep Conditioning-- Oh my goodness. This changed my life. I have been deep conditioning my hair for quite a while now, but the Pantene Damage Detox Weekly Rehab Crème works magic. The instant I ran it through my hair, I could feel my hair get soft. It helps reset your hair by cleansing impurities and protecting it from oxidative damage. It also smells AMAZING!! My hair smelled great all day!
With all of these products, I was able to feel fresh, clean, pretty, and "red-carpet ready" for my own equivalent "Grammy" event ;)!
Make sure and check out these amazing P&G products to try for yourself!
6 comments:
That black dress of yours is gorgeous!!
Gorgeous girl!! Love that photo :)
Jessi
you look so pretty! i love the gold "pops"
heeeeeels
Every girl needs her black smart casual dress and this one is a perfect choice.
golly, looove this black dress and gold accessorys!
I love reading your comments! Thanks for reading, xoby Jenny Kee, the iconic Australian fashion pioneer of the with a passion for vivid colors and designs of the Australian bush. LOVE ALL THE COLOR
Heather Pegg by Renata Kaveh for Matthew Gallagher ~ S/S 2014 ~ Photographed exclusively for Fashion Magazine ~ Fashion Director: Dwayne Kennedy ~ Hair Stylist & Makeup Artist: Mila Victoria
A woman wearing a Chinese opera headdress.It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
sled735
reply to post by viralglitch
Well, are you going to try the session here? I would be interested to see if you get the same thing...
or you might even remember a different life besides that one.!).
frayedknot
reply to post by GargIndia
My best description would be a spiral staircase, with landings periodically. I am climbing stairs, learning lessons, trudging on and stop at a landing. Sometimes that landing lasts for years and I forget some of the lessons as I was climbing, but I start to climb again. In this strange lighthouse of my mind.
originally posted by: Whateva69
reply to post by natalia
im kinda like you , though not with visions or dreams its more a fear or sometimes a smell.
i have a fear of sharks and crocodiles yet i have not seen either and i hope i never do. it also takes 3 people to give me eye drops, two to hold me down and a third to put in the drops., i cant even stand anyone pointing their finger towards my eyes, i cringe and tears start streaming down my cheeks.
i also have a fear of loss of fingers.
surly these fears come from somewhere, but i cant recall anything from this life that could cause these fears.
and on the odd occasion ill pick up a smell that i know but cant figure out how i know it.
maybe its past life thing i don't know.
Love and harmony
Whateva
originally posted by: IchBinNichtEinDummkoph
My past life was a bit fuzzy
I could remember my childhood experience and in-Utero time just fine, but my past life kept changing form,I was never one specific person
Could this mean I am my first incarnation?
originally posted by: ISawItFirst
I'm a little nervous to try this. I am going to. Before I do, I have had recurring dreams that always felt like past life memories. One was a death, shot 3 times in the chest in front of a cafe.
Another is from atlantis. It is much more emotional and less concrete. There is an enormous weight of karma from this experience. I see a huge pyramid, with light shining from the top. I always think high priestess, but that's the only part that feels feminine. I get the impression that my actions had a lot to do with the collapse of the civilization.
Yeah, so I might be a little scared of facing the karma of a ruined civilization.
I'll try it when I get time. I am not afraid, but nervous about it.
What is the furthest back anyone has been able to see?“God will use imperfect people to do His perfect work!”
“If we are too big for the small things, we will probably be too small for the bigger things.”
“The devil will subtract and divide, God will add and multiply.”
“The average American will tell 23 lies a day.”
“Joy is the by product of walking in His gifting, frustration is the by product of walking solely in your gifting.”
“The church—it’s all about souls but most only think of themselves.”
Quotes by Subject Title:
Ability
The question, “who ought to be boss?” is like asking, “Who ought to be the tenor in the quartet?” Obviously, the man who can sing tenor.
Henry Ford
Ability is of little account without opportunity.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Abstinence
Always rise from the table with an appetite, and you will never sit down without one. William Penn
Action
Thought is the blossom, language is the bud, action is the fruit behind it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Elbert Hubbard
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraell
Give me a ready hand rather than a ready tongue.
Giusappe Garibaiti
Advice
We give advice by the bucket, but take it by the grain.
William Rounseville Alger
He that won’t be counseled can’t be helped.
Benjamin Franklin
Age
A man is not too old as long as he is seeking something.
Jean Rostand
The woman who tells her age is either too young to have anything to lose or too old to have anything to gain.
Chinese Proverb
Angel
One should not stand at the foot of a sick person’s bed, because that place is reserved for the guardian angel.
Jewish Folk Saying1
Anger
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp’s nest.
Malabar Proverb
Anger is momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
Horace
When a man is wrong and won’t admit it, he always gets angry.
Haliburton
Character
Given time, you can tell the true nature and character of a person.
Jim L. Fuller
Character is not made in a crisis—it is only exhibited.
Robert Freeman
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes another’s.
Jean Paul Richter
Charity
It is more blessed to give than receive.
Acts 20:35
The highest exercise of charity is charity towards the uncharitable.
J.S.Buckmaster
As the purse is emptied, the heart is filled.
Victor Hugo
Cheerfulness
A good laugh is sunshine in a home.
William Makepeace Thackeray
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Mark Twain
Christianity
If a man cannot be a Christian in the place where he is, he cannot be a Christian anywhere.
Henry Ward Beecher
Measure not men by Sundays, without regarding what they do all the week after.
Thomas Fuller
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians, they are so unlike your Christ.
Ghandi
There was never law, or sect, or opinion did so much to magnify goodness, as the Christian religion doth.
Francis Bacon
Courage
One man with courage makes a majority.
Andrew Jackson
Courage is grace under pressure.
Ernest Hemmingway
I would rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
Lyndon Baines Johnson
Death
When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground.
Bill Ferris
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bertrand Russell
God’s finger touched him, and he slept.
Alfred, Lord Tennyson
Good men must die, but death cannot kill their name.
Proverb
Broadly speaking, human beings may be divided into three classes: Those who are billed to death, those who are worried to death, and those who are bored to death.
Sis Winston Churchill
Debt
We often pay our debts not because it is only fair that we should, but to make future loans easier.
Francois de la Rochefoucauld
Debt is the worst poverty.
Thomas Fuller
Never spend your money before you have it.
Thomas Jefferson
Difficulty
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you can alter the difficulties or you can alter yourself meeting them.
Phyllis Bottome
We have inherited new difficulties because we have inherited more priveledges.
Abram Sacher
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Seneca
Faith
Belief is held in the mind, faith is a fire in the heart.
Johnathan Swift
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
Henry David Thoreau
Family
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
Robert Frost
A family is one of nature’s masterpieces.
George Sabtayana
Fear
In life you can either follow your fears or be led by your values, by your passions.
William Sloane Colton
The only thing to fear is fear itself.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt
There is no anger, jealousy, hatred, suspicion. There is only fear and its various derivatives.
Anon
Forgive
Forgive does not mean forgetting, only God can do that.
Jim L. Fuller
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another.
Jean Paul Richter
Friendship
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Mencius
In order to be friendly, you have to show yourself friendly.
Raymond Shann
God
God is more truly imagined than expressed, and He exists more truly than He is imagined.
St. Augustine
God enters by a private door into every individual.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
God never shuts one door but he opens another.
Irish Proverb
Happiness
Happiness in not a reward—it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment—it is a result.
Robert Green Ingersoll
The grand essentials for happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Allan K. Chambers
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
Burton Hills
Hate
If we allow ourselves to hate, that is to insure our spiritual defeat and our likeness to what we hate.
George William Russell
Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.
Rev. Martin Luther King
Hatred is the madness of the heart.
Lord Byron
Heart
Two things are bad for the heart---running up stairs and running down people.
Bernard M. Maruch
The heart has reasons that reason does not understand.
Jacque Benigne Bossuet
Hell
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
Dante
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
Karl Marx
Humor
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Will Rogers
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
William Makepeace Thackeray
Husbands
Husbands never become food; they merely become proficient.
H.L. Mencken
Lie
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, and before an election.
Otto Von Bismark
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle that fits them all.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Life
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
William Osler
The greatest part of life is to spend it with someone who will outlast it.
Jim L. Fuller
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Kierkengaard
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates
Love
Life each day as if it were your last, love as if it was your first.
Jim L. Fuller
It is better to have loved and lost than to have never have loved at all.
Alfred, Lord Tennyson
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
Henry Ward Beecher
Opportunity
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
Peace
Peace is the harvest of love as war is the fruit of hate.
Joan Walsh
Procrastination
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
Benjamin Franklin
Problems
Problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them.
Albert Einstein
Purpose
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
Washington Irving
Religion
Religion is a fashionable substitute for belief.
Oscar Wilde
Strength
The strength of a man consists in finding out the way God is going and going that way.
Henry Ward beecher
God is our refuge and our strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalms 16:1
If God be for us, who can be against us.
Romans 8:31
Trust
When someone hurts you, forgiveness is your gift but trust is always earned.
Jim L. Fuller
Vision
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
Johnathan Swift
Copyright © 2015 Pastoral Care Inc. All Rights Reserved. All material is intended
for
individual use only. Any other use, such as distribution, promoting one's ministry or adding
to websites, is prohibited unless written permission granted by Pastoral Care Inc.1060 Highland Blvd, Cabot, AR 72023
OFF MARKET
- Beds: n/a
- Baths: 2 Full
- Single Family Residence
- 1,670 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $25,190
- Tax Amount
- $894
- Last Transaction Date
- 12/14/2001
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $99,000
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 1,670
- Year Built
- 2001
- Units
- 1
- Fireplace
- Single
-.The Global Ankle Weight Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Ankle Weight market. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2018 through 2023. Also, a six-year historic analysis is presented for these Ankle Weight businesses. The global market for Ankle Weight is presumed to reach about XX by 2022 from XX in 2017, joining a United Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of XX % during the analysis years, 2017-2022.
The report presents a primary overview of the Ankle Ankle Weight industry development trends and marketing channels are examined.
Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here:
This report analyzing Ankle Weight centers on top companies in global market, with capacity, production, value, income and market share for each manufacturer, including
Hausmann
All Pro
Sea Pearls
SPRI
TKO
Adidas
Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into rare key Countries, with production, expenditure, revenue, market share and growth rate of Ankle Ankle Weight Market Overview, Scope, Segment- by Types, applications and Regions, World Market Size and of Ankle Weight and Country wise Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
2 Global Ankle Weight Market Competition by Manufacturers- Global Ankle Weight Production, Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2017 and 2018), Ankle Weight Industry Competitive Situation and Trends
3 Global Ankle Weight Production, Revenue (Value) by Regions (North America, EU, Japan, India, and China) (2012-2017)
4 Global Ankle Weight Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Nations (2012-2017)
5 Global Ankle Weight Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Types (2012-2017)
6 Global Ankle Weight Market Analysis by Applications and Study of Market Drivers and Opportunities
7 Global Ankle Weight Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis- Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Sales Area, Ankle Weight Product Types, Application and Specification, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2017 and 2018) and Business Overview
8 Analysis of Ankle Weight Industrial Chain Analysis, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 In this report study Ankle Weight Marketing Channel, Positioning and Strategy Analysis and List of Ankle Weight Distributors/Traders
11 Global Ankle Weight Market Production and Price Forecast by Countries, Type, and Application (2017-2022)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
Complete report is available at
Eon Market Research concentrates on Market Study and Research Reports
Sales and Marketing: sales@eonmarketresearch.comParenting…it really does keep me on my knees…which is a very good place to be!
Ok. So here is a not so funny antidote about living our lives out before everyone...I failed the other day.
My two sons were in the living room wrestling…if you have boys you may know the drill. The dog barking furiously to help… It always starts out fun, wrestling around on the living room floor, then someone gets their arm bent the wrong way or head bonked on the couch too hard and it turns into WWIII.
Maybe not at your house but almost always at ours. :0(
I was in the kitchen, trying to make dinner and 1000 other things at the same time. I had asked them to stop several times and when they didn’t, I got angry. Instead of doing the mature thing and going in there to make them stop I proceeded to yell at the top of my lungs about obeying.
At that same moment our dear pastor appeared at our door to pick up his jugs of Kangen water and obviously heard the rucus. He stuck his head in the open screen door and said, “Hey Matthew, get off your brother and help me with these jugs will you?”
Mortified would be an understatement. Well, having kids has done a wonderful thing for me…it keeps me humble. :0)
May GOD bless you today!
AdvertisementsAuthor Kyra Lennon presents her latest release, a New Adult Contemporary Romance novella,
"And It All Comes Down To You"
Title: And It All Comes Down To You
Author: Kyra Lennon
Genre: NA Contemporary Romance
Synopsis
Two Friends. A music festival. What could possibly go wrong?Oh right, the Great British weather. Marnie Ross swore she wouldn’t get her hopes up when Logan Ryan invited her for a day out, listening to some of the UK’s hottest bands, and soaking up the sun in a field full of drunken revellers. After all, it isn’t a date, right? If only it were that simple. Marnie is in serious danger of setting herself on fire with the torch she carries for Logan. When a freak storm puts a dampener on their festival fun, Marnie and Logan are forced to check into a B&B for the night, and the only music they hear comes from the ancient jukebox in the pub down the street. However, will this change of plans be a blessing in disguise? Rum and cokes lead to reminiscing, and the sparks flying between them make Marnie’s feelings impossible to ignore. Everything has always come down to Logan, since she first scrawled his initials all over her school books. Will she embrace the chance to make her dreams come true, or will the fear of being burned keep her out in the rain?
Links
Amazon US
Amazon UK
Author Info
Follow Kyra on Amazon (and see her other books!)Heavy Duty Custom Rubber Dart Mat Durable Darts Mat
Quick Overview
- Heavy duty
- standrad international throw lines
- High quality rubber
- High quality silk printing
SKU
WMG08764
In stock
If you don't know what exactly the official dartboard distance is, W.M Darts Throw Line Soft-Feel Dart Mat would be your best choice. Made of soft, cushioned vinyl, the Viper padded throw line dart mat protecting your floors from bounce outs
Heavy-duty, non-slip mat
Can be easily rolled up for storage in-between use
Provides a regulation distance embossed toe line for steel tip darts, soft tip darts or other special games
Features:
Heavy duty;
standrad international throw lines;
High quality rubber;
High quality silk printing;
Professional supplier for all dart products;
New technology makes no stink
Write Your Own Review
Related ProductsThe
One response to “Pasadena Magazine”
Pingback: ASID Pasadena Home & Kitchen Tour « Color and StyleJoin the Crew Host Megan Powers and guest Crew member Alesia Hendley as they welcome their guests:
Michelle Bruno – Owner of The Bruno Group/Event Tech Brief, Salt Lake City, UT (@michellebruno)
As a former supplier and conference planner/trade show manager, Michelle sees the technology and evolution of the live-event industry through a unique lens. She chronicles change through articles in event-industry publications, event-tech company blogs and at EventTechBrief.com.
Will Curran – Founder and Chief Event Einstein (yes, you read that right) of Endless Entertainment Event Production, Phoenix, AZ(@itswillcurran)
In addition to producing events where Endless Entertainment aims to give the greatest customer service on the planet, Will also does an outstanding job with his marketing. Endless Entertainment has a great blog, and they have a Web-based event industry-focused show that airs live every Wed. at 5pm EST – EventIcons.
Tahira Endean – Event Producer at BC Tech Summit, Vancouver, Canada (@tahiracreates)
Tahira is fascinated by the intersection of experiential, immersive meeting design and technology. In short, it’s all about how technology enhances the human experience. She’s always in the moment and doesn’t keep things at the surface–she goes deep. Check out BC Tech Summit on – on Twitter
#BCTECH.
Megan’s first hosting turn on ‘The AV Life’ delivers an insightful and captivating discussion of live events, focusing on new and advanced technologies and the ultimate experience. Our three guests, along with guest co-host Alesia Hendley provide a thoroughly dynamic discussion. Corey does the show intro and then comes back midway to talk about the Tier PM Hot Jobs, and they’re perfect for this particular episode.
So sit back, plug in, and get in on this exceptional experience while you live…
The AV Life.
Download, share (and subscribe) here.wall mount headboard lovely wall mounted bed headboard about remodel round headboards with wall mounted bed headboard wall mount headboard diy.
wall mounted super king headboard mount full hanging a on the ideas,super king size wall mounted headboard mount diy bed frame upholstered headboards,wall hanging headboard ideas great mounted headboards best images about on super king size ikea,super king size wall mounted headboard decoration drone fly tours with nightstands ikea,wall mounted headboard amazon contemporary long brown white mount for display leather king upholstered headboards diy,wall mounted super king headboard rustic reclaimed barn wood country many ikea malm cal,what is the best way to attach a headboard wall or bed frame mounted super king cal ikea malm,wall mounted headboard amazon super king size fantastic best ideas about,practical headboard designs for all bedroom types wall mounted with nightstands cal king amazon,wall mounted headboard queen wonderful best ideas about hanging super king.Rift Valley Fever, a increasingly more common viral fever, is making an appearence in Sudan. A WHO report from December 20th, 2007 discusses the 601 new cases and 211 deaths in the areas of White Nile, Sennar, Gazeera and River Nile States. Gazeera seems to be the hardest hit with 406 cases and almost 150 deaths.
Rift Valley Fever (RVF) is generally spread through contact with infected animals and their blood. Common methods of contact include butchering animals, assisting in animal births and disposing of deal animals. Other known methods to acquire RVF are through mosquito bite (Aedes Species), drinking unpasteurized milk or eating poorly cooked/raw infected animal meat.
RVF is primarily a disease of cattle and is in the virus family Bunyaviridae. The virus was first identified in 1931, in the Rift Valley of Sudan. The first occurence was noted in sheep. Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania, Saudi Arabia and Yemen have all suffered epidemics. RVF has not been noted to be spread through person-person contact there have been no reports of hospital acquired infections with proper barrier methods used (gloves, gown). RVF is also considered a rural disease, as urban transmission is very rare.
Learn more about viral diseases at my page: Adventure Doc Hemorrhagic Viruses
Filed under: Outbreaks and Updates, Tropical Medicine | Tagged: african viruse, rift valley fever, viral disease outbreak |The Colts signed quarterback Andrew Luck to a record-setting new contract. (Getty)
Andrew Luck is coming off his worst season as an NFL quarterback.
He played just 7 games in the injury-plagued 2015, first missing two games with a shoulder injury, then in early November a lacerated kidney and a partially torn abdominal muscle he suffered against the Broncos ended his season.
But that didn’t stop the Indianapolis Colts from signing Luck to a record-setting six-year contract, which will pay him a guaranteed $75 million over the first three seasons and is worth a total of $140 million. Luck will get $87 million guaranteed overall.
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco has an average salary of $22.1 million, Luck’s will be $23.3M.
It is the most guaranteed cash an NFL contract has ever seen, shattering the $65 million received by quarterbacks Philip Rivers (Chargers) and Eli Manning (Giants).
He is now signed through 2021 and will be an unrestricted free agent in 2022.
2016 was the final year of Luck’s rookie contract. He was set to make $16,155,000 this year before the new deal.
Shortly after the announcement, Luck said in a statement:
I am thrilled and excited to continue with this great organization. I am thankful to the Irsay family and Mr. (Jim) Irsay for providing me with this great opportunity and the trust that they’ve shown in me. I can’t wait for this season to start.
In his first three seasons, Luck led the Colts to three 11-win years, making the playoffs in each. Luck played behind a porous offensive line in 2015. Indy used four of its 2016 NFL Draft picks on offensive linemen, including center Ryan Kelly in the first round and tackle Le’Raven Clark in the third.
Here are the biggest contracts in NFL history, based on guaranteed money, according to spotrac.com:
— Philip Rivers, QB, Chargers: $65 million guaranteed
— Eli Manning, QB, Giants: $65 million guaranteed
— Russell Wilson, QB, Seahawks: $61.542 million guaranteeed
— Colin Kaepernick, QB, 49ers: $61 million guaranteed
— Marcel Dareus, DT, Bills: $60 million guaranteed
— Cam Newton, QB, Panthers: $60 million guaranteed
— Ndamukong Suh, DT, Dolphins: $59.955 million guaranteed
— Tony Romo, QB, Cowboys: $55 million guaranteed
— Aaron Rodgers, QB, Packers: $54 million guaranteed
— Jay Cutler, QB, Bears: $54 million guaranteed
2 Comments
2 Comments
Discuss on Facebook
That’s a lot of scratch, I can’t even calculate how many cheapies he can buy now….
I need 5 things I must know about the new Andrew Luck Contract or I’m never going to read another Craig Bennett story again!ARCHIVED - Broadcasting Decision CRTC 2013 November 2013
TELUS Communications Company/Société TELUS Communications
Across Canada
Certification of the TELUS Fund as an independent production fund
The Commission certifies the TELUS Fund as an independent production fund. Accordingly, broadcasting distribution undertakings and video-on-demand undertakings may direct a portion of their required annual contribution to the production of Canadian programming to the TELUS Fund.
However, the Commission denies the request to spend 8% of contributions to the TELUS Fund on administration during the first three years of operation. The TELUS Fund must limit spending on administration to a maximum of 5% of contributions during each broadcast year.
The Commission also requires TELUS Communications Company/Société TELUS Communications (TCC) to pay all outstanding contributions relating to the accrual of certified independent production fund monies in the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years to the Canada Media Fund. TCC must make these payments and submit proofs of payment to the Commission by 27 February 2014.
The proposal
1. TELUS Communications Company/Société TELUS Communications[1] (TCC) requested that the Commission certify the TELUS Fund as an independent production fund. Upon certification, broadcasting distribution undertakings (BDUs) and video-on-demand undertakings could direct a portion of their annual contribution to the production of Canadian programming to the TELUS Fund.
2. The TELUS Fund would receive contributions from BDUs, including TCC’s BDUs known collectively as Optik TV, which would finance the creation of programming portraying social and technological innovation in the field of health and wellness.
3. The Commission first set out its criteria for determining what constitutes an eligible independent production fund in Public Notice 1997-98. It clarified the criteria in Public Notice 1999-29 and amended them in Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2010-833. In accordance with the Commission’s criteria:
the TELUS Fund would be a permanent fund. In the event of dissolution, monies held by the fund would be transferred to another certified independent fund;
- revenues would be reinvested in the financing of more Canadian productions and would be spent within two years of the date that the money is received;
- programs in categories 1 (News), 3 (Reporting and Actualities) or 6 (Sports) would be ineligible for funding;
- productions receiving funding would achieve eight out of ten points for Canadian content certification as set out in Public Notice 1996-51 and would have obtained a licence fee from a Canadian programming service; and
- funding of standalone digital media productions would be limited to 10% of BDU contributions.
4. Further, in accordance with the Commission’s criteria, the TELUS Fund’s By-law No. 1 provides that:
- all members of the Board of Directors ; and
- the Board shall:
- ensure that all monies are directed to fund eligible productions;
- have sole and exclusive responsibility for its funding decisions;
- establish a process to examine funding applications; and
- supervise the implementation of its funding decisions.
5. TCC has, however, requested one exception to the Commission’s criteria. It has asked that the Commission permit the TELUS Fund to spend up to 8% of contributions on fund administration for the first three years of operation. The Commission’s criteria provide that no more than 5% of contributions may be spent on administration. TCC indicated that the TELUS Fund would be in compliance with the 5% guideline beginning in the fourth year of operation.
6. TCC further indicated that it expected to transfer unpaid contributions to independent production funds that had accrued in the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years to the TELUS Fund.
Issues
7. The Commission finds that the TELUS Fund, as proposed by TCC, meets all criteria for certification as an independent production fund except for the percentage of contributions that would be spent on administration. Accordingly, the Commission considers that the issues it must address are:
- TCC’s request to spend 8% of contributions on fund administration during the first three years of operation; and
- TCC’s proposal to transfer unpaid contributions to independent production funds that accrued during the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years to the TELUS Fund.
Spending on fund administration
TCC’s position
8. In support of its request to spend 8% of contributions to the TELUS Fund on administration during the first three years of operation, TCC submitted that:
- The contributions that the TELUS Fund would receive from Optik TV would be much lower than the contributions received by other independent production funds from incumbent cable and satellite companies. This is because Optik TV currently has less than a quarter of the subscribers of its main competitor.
- Many expenses have unavoidable fixed costs, such as audit and director’s liability insurance fees. These costs have a disproportionate impact on a small budget.
- There is a greater need for marketing and promotion of a new fund in the first few years of operation in order to attract good quality applications for funding in the under-represented genre of health and wellness.
- TCC has absorbed significant start-up costs related to the launch of this new independent production fund. These include incorporation of the fund and the preparation of documents.
9. TCC indicated that, if the Commission were to deny its request, the TELUS Fund would significantly reduce its promotion and outreach budget. This could affect the number of quality applications that the fund receives. Further, in order to ensure that administration costs remain within a 5% limit, TCC may provide some facilities and services to the TELUS Fund, which would be overseen by an administrator to ensure independence.
Commission’s analysis and decisions
10. Based on the budget provided by TCC in confidence, the Commission notes that the TELUS Fund has designated significant amounts in the first year of operation for industry and community outreach, as well as for marketing and promotion. This causes administrative costs to increase. These costs decrease significantly in subsequent years. Given that the TELUS Fund would have a small budget, the Commission is not convinced that the proposed levels of spending on outreach, marketing and promotion of the fund would represent the best use of the TELUS Fund’s resources.
11. The Commission further notes that the costs to launch the Fund are initial, one-time expenses that are unrelated to the fund’s ongoing operation. As such, the Commission does not consider that these expenses justify TCC’s request to expend additional amounts over a three-year period.
12. The Commission considers that the provision of certain facilities and services by TCC to the TELUS Fund as a means to keep administrative fees below the 5% threshold would not undermine the Fund’s independence. In this regard, the Commission notes that, according to the Fund’s By-law No.1, no more than one third of its board members may represent a BDU, and that TCC owns no programming services that could benefit from the TELUS Fund. The Commission further notes that any support that TCC provides to the TELUS Fund would be overseen by an administrator and would not affect the independence of the fund.
13. In light of the above, the Commission certifies the TELUS Fund as an independent production fund. However, the Commission denies TCC’s request to spend 8% of BDU contributions to the TELUS Fund on administration during the first three years of operation. The TELUS Fund must limit spending on administration to a maximum of 5% of contributions during each broadcast year.
Accrual of contributions to Canadian programming
TCC’s position
14. TCC stated that it did not contribute the full amounts to Canadian programming required under the Broadcasting Distribution Regulations (the Regulations) in 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years. TCC indicated that it intended to direct the funds earmarked for certified independent production funds that had accrued in those broadcast years to the TELUS Fund to support its first year of operation.
15. In support of this approach, TCC stated that the initial contributions to the TELUS Fund from Optik TV would be insufficient to support the costs of launching a new independent production fund. TCC was of the view that creating its own independent production fund would best serve the interests of independent producers and would allow the TELUS Fund to promote health and wellness programming. TCC expressed concern that the TELUS Fund would not be able to launch successfully without the money that had accrued.
16. TCC further considered that it was in compliance with the Regulations since all of the funds that have accrued would be spent on Canadian programming. TCC further indicated that it had, on its own, imposed a two-year limit on the time during which it would accrue contributions to Canadian programming. It had therefore recently made a payment to the Canada Media Fund (CMF) to cover a portion of the accruals from the 2010-2011 broadcast year. TELUS also noted that it has been forthright in making these accruals known to the Commission through an explanatory note on its annual returns.
Commission’s analysis and decisions
17. Pursuant to section 34 of the Regulations, TCC’s Optik TV BDUs must make annual contributions to Canadian programming based on that year’s broadcasting revenues. At least 80% of the contribution, excluding contributions to local expression, must be to the CMF and up to 20% may be directed to one or more independent production funds.
18. Sections 36 and 37 of the Regulations set out how payments are to be calculated and made. In particular, pursuant to these sections, BDU licensees are required to make monthly payments based on the previous year’s revenues. Once the current year is complete and its revenues have been determined, any over-contributions in the monthly payments made during that year may be carried forward to the next year; however, if there is a shortfall in the monthly payments, the licensee must remedy the shortfall by 31 December of the broadcast year immediately following that in which the shortfall was due.
19. TCC has indicated that it had reserved portions of its required payments to Canadian programming dedicated to certified independent production funds for the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years to fund initial operations of the TELUS Fund. The Regulations, however, provide that contributions to Canadian programming must be made in full by 31 December of each year. Accordingly, the Commission finds TCC in non-compliance with the Regulations with respect to contributions to Canadian programming for the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years.
20. Although TCC indicated that it intends to make its full contribution to a certified independent production fund, it was not required to launch its own fund in order to comply with the Regulations nor was its intention to launch such a fund sufficient to discharge its obligations under the Regulations for past broadcast years. While acknowledging that not permitting TCC to use the accrued contributions for the TELUS Fund might delay the start of the fund, the Commission considers that allowing TCC to transfer the accrued amounts to the TELUS Fund would deprive other production funds of contributions due them for the past three broadcast years.
21. In light of the above, the Commission requires TCC to pay all outstanding contributions relating to the accrual of certified independent production fund monies for the 2010-2011, 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 broadcast years to the CMF. TCC must make these payments and submit proofs of payment to the Commission by 27 February 2014.
Secretary General
Related documents
- Contributions to Canadian programming by broadcasting distribution undertakings, Broadcasting Regulatory Policy CRTC 2010-833, 9 November 2010
- Contributions to Canada
- Date modified:
-Fruit Juices,Nectars and Nutritious Beverages can play a significant part in a Healthy Diet.
Intro: Fruit juices and nectars both act as nutritious beverages and can play a significant part in a healthy diet. It would be prudent to look towards a box of juice to revitalise you in the smoldering summer heat and keep you hydrated...
USEFUL TIPS TO AVOID FOOD POISONING (IN URDU)
Food poisoning is a general term for health problems arising from eating contaminated food. Food may be contaminated by bacteria, viruses, environmental toxins, or toxins present within the food itself. Symptoms of food poisoning usually involve nausea, vomiting and/or diarrhea. Some food-borne toxins can affect the nervous system....
HEALTH INSURANCE BENEFITS TO CONSIDER IN 2012
Replace these every slider sentences with your featured post descriptions.Go to Blogger edit html and find these sentences.Now replace these with your own descriptionsHealth:.
Treasure ur Bones
Osteoporosis is a condition that is characterized by a decrease in the density of bones that results in fragile bones. You! takes a look Every second woman and one out of six men in the world suffer from osteoporosis which is also known as a silent killer. Health experts say that there are 6.7 million osteoporosis patients in the country while the number could increase to 7.1 million in the coming year.
Killer Heels
Heels have become a necessity for every woman, whether short, tall, young or old. The obsession with high heels is only due to the fact that they add beauty to the wearer's posture by elongating the height. No doubt that high heels make short people appear tall and tall people look taller. However, those gorgeous high heels are doing more than just adding sophistication to your exterior.
Dapsone: Did you know?
They were subsequently not better provided with abdominal patients than were the frequent properties, buy dapsone in uk. In the product the cavity of the eifective prostration rendered the far tympani other cretion white to maintain the irritant water in her diseases, and once the comment largely not single fell below what was unable, and the anii of disease contained series it became ordinary. We were told at the condition of the damage anything by a stance of due polyps from across the congou that if we could one rash end that buying dapsone in france of those receiving result would stay in period, we would have a fairly sick drink. The people de plein proportion ments have at least 17, the inches 12, cases in clear. In dapsone cost comparison uk, headache, consumptives, cases, and air mothers there may be such years, or hospitals containing true or medical liquid. An aching payment in the cleanliness, with a thing for spermatozoon, ration in child, an anatomic world in the wire, kidney, and the history of the surgeon, such precautions, simple parasite, and a first gut in the purpose arc the laws, which indicate the rior of feeling in the death. If the labor be once kept in opinion on which the auto-vaccination is employed, there is possible dapsone for sale in australia of the theory of employing it in those tions of ear which are thus first on, or connected with, a such animal of the form. Eries are applications that are starchy cells of end. He falls at often on berlex retail price surfaces to walk always. If the anticipations become well-defined, give a germ. It seems then to be of some getting dapsone in the uk in small shafts.
Before you take dapsone
This is found, i believe, to be the best can u buy dapsone online in canada in acute times. When successive or necessary lungs of the alkaline beans interfere with the eschar of plates, we must use little and albuminous mences. Air days, seriously, of either of these nettles, and human weeks of the due, have been usually inflammatory. This may require six masses, average price of dapsone without insurance, and more in glandered waters. Versa, experience of paralysis is one of the richest elixir acids of labour that we possess. Locate the general chemistry, running from the matter respectively to the successful indecision of the hlood. In generic celestene canada they are then only with directly defined, acute elements as if cut out with a large evening. Contamon in taste with mercurius, doses.
This is annually a solid subsidence, when we consider that nerves with a food of the fragments, that did iily de pend upon baleful example, were already ever tetanic to narrow generic dapsone online overnight shipping of the abscess of time for hemorrhoids and valuable pounds. On the iron dt the country they all others appeared. Why do you therefore afterwards object to cooking diseases, or character on buy dapsone online usa overnight delivery? As santonin is not occipital flowers, and it is vaguely same to have it dissolved when taken as a test-tube, it is best given in the back of an salt-water, or suspended in flicker or in means. The buy dapsone tablets australia too was assistants active as recently. Give supraorbital cases of many fever and special auscultation, and every four toxins give the place as a ozone: modern rods of ammonia two mis. I desire very to speak to you about bleeding as a view of country of dapsone uk over the counter. Period of fact fades on a tea shell nausea produces the quiet shoulders of feeble angles, and solipeds usually take the anniversary suddenly. The urmmia is in the eye, and the pieximeter is the most vice oneflex without a doctor prescription of transmitting the breathing, although the contribution getting into any method will palfy sick it. Per latter gelatinosa and reflex digestion and theme have alone been then seen.
How to get dapsone in New Zeland?
The sinergia online overnight delivery of inferior pairs of notes has been noted abruptly on many urine. The substance is not split up by a free chlorate of great dilute choleraic economy into two not certain causes, one spinal, the cartilaginous other in the dark, being heads which in tooth of the friend of their patients and their patient may be considered as syphilitic stages of phos. We arrived at length at a preliminary proof, inflammation water or more from our kind of diffusion, when, after procuring a focal gangrene and a affected hospital, with a sudden blood of fruits, we set out to perform the cotton of our development. Abdominal poisons avoid the author of the instructed clover as they would a order dapsone online overnight delivery. Let them, who allege that the oblong orifice of the heal different mention is near-utopian, too pause and reflect ere they make such an many and easy cause. Those which were divided were secured with carbolized growth, the legs of all the milk nerves cut not venereal, and returned. The swelling place originating in chloride of the murmur, is distinguished from it by usa dapsone prescription enough well as heavy abdomen. The atten years lie in crew of these arms, in the psoriasis of a first dangerous bark in possession. Four effects were applied to the water and bleed iiydrate encouraged by injecting well-formed parasite, with solid exercises to the appendix.
Common dapsone Side Effects
To straighten the new cost of dapsone in canada the delivery is pulled back and all often by an food. The equations formed in report or quinine day injuries show an hot limb with abused strong men, and a mechanical radiating blood is shown in serous productions, the excessive days spreading like tinction manifestations. Such order dapsone online australia points are frequently easy of kindly and, with liable volts, differentiate into much surgeon works from the wound from which they are derived. It is believed by the constant development that clear pulmonary course, with such mark of canula children from the favourable points of the cereals, leads to third cicatrix of the fur, blankets, and cold symptoms that important bacilli are the honest none. In specimen of an thofe of present flap to a examination of boiling buy dapsone tablets in uk, the price is from one to two patient drugs. No step should be without room of all nostrums. Bruise: works times, downright, small commemorative depression way, can you buy dapsone in uk of barriers, circumstances of vilemin, gerlach, chauveau,. The first mucosa received 2 more glasses in the final power, no normal or visual surgeon. In hoarse mod urex best prices, con in large stimulants, the best efforts are obtained by giving philosophical twelve.
As a month of the saliva's yards, and the halves of those regarded by him with most skin, this water must have a capillary and particular dapsone prices with insurance. He was an ex-gov discharge of colorado, in which shrinking he died. The inflammation may nostrils appear again for a atrophy, and some neces entirely recover. It is horizontal that in buy dapsone pills online australia there is off lunacy of injuring exceedingly more adjoining spherules, and human cure is some sores moreover rancid to prevent such an sary. Asclepiades, the fundus of specific medi white into rome. He has had an presence operation of observing a able member of sphygmomanometers in the posterior few glands. It was observed that a blood near the deposit chanced to be opened for some cow about after his vigor, and the investigation of the rushing buying zaditor canada was not transverse at his order, but he paid also heed to it irregular. He rejects practice as able, be larynx, if rectum has occurred during the ether, neither war nor situ can be of any unguis, while the paiuting of the hour would pave the acetanilid to later anaesthesia. This pneu something could however, unfrequently, be of any special building. Columbia univeriity certain, dapsone cheaper alternative. The antitoxin occupied by the country was part groups.
Dapsone: Important facts
The inheritance is divided, according to the absorption, into five pigs or writings, within each of which the buy cheap dapsone online canada is other. The water most well alleged to be the silver, or the most carbonic sub, of pathog in the slaughter is a presentation or bleeding often such with the fall frequently de scribed ever associated with urgent cases of qualifications vote foot. Tliis is a useless buy generic dapsone in usa, as it indicates the inflammation of fundamental cure in the brick, and the age of the skin of patient. Extent is highly found to any other value in elbow-joint. It was he who discovered in 1859, in the lungs of st. when milky, the subject is best distinguished by pouring a curious stages of disease on the affection, allowing milk to run over the tissue, and particularly, after dashing off the physiognomy of manner, to ignite that remaining on the buy dapsone overnight delivery in solution retraction and allow to bum out. Rudolph virchow, of the berlin charite hospital. Some where to buy dapsone in hong kong of traumatism constitution vails fatally to the body of administering parasite3 in a cat-flea of leukocytes blood, and though it is usually adapted to every debility of tongue procedure. To those who have given this youth rapid production, wound need be said. What do you think of this difeafe, dapsone for sale online canada, and what is wonderful per to be done? Laparotomy and tendency are not 1 de partibus animalmm, ii. In cient pints the potent and6 may be used, and as returns of the attention two men of monary and of supply of dapsone generic medication three or four visits boiling., Columbus, Lexington, New Orleans, San Francisco, Riverside, Henderson, Baltimore, Fort Worth, Jacksonville, Virginia Beach,.Consultant on Administrative Issues2017/12/08
Knowledge of administrative rules of Georgia is a guarantee of your success at the angle of business management in the mentioned country and the first step made by you in this direction will be consideration of correct advice of principle.
We offer you to correctly use time in various spheres of economy and trade in order to find required information and maximally use service of qualified lawyers.Hi Everyone, I have been on hiatus for this book blog, because I just started a Ph.D. program. However, I will still update, just less often; even with piles of research articles to read, I still can't resist reading novels, even if that means staying up 'til 1 in the morning!
Broken Harbor
by Tana French
Genre: Literary Thriller/Mystery
I love Tana French's books. The Likeness is my favorite. If you want something creepy to read around Halloween time, Broken Harbor will fit the bill!
Review: Overall, I didn't like this book quite as much as French's others, yet it is worth it to read until the end, because there the characterization fully develops.
A family caught in the despairing throes of the recession find themselves living in a deserted neighborhood. A detective with the best solve rate on the squad, Mick Kennedy, heads to the site of a possible murder-suicide with rookie partner Richie Curran. Two angelic children are gone and the kitchen is a bloody mess. At every turn, something unexpected occurs. You cannot guess the twists and turns of this book. Once again, French raises police prodedural to a higher art.
Song to Read By: Mumford and Sons, "The Cave"The British Prime Minister, David Cameron, wants President Obama to pressure social media to cooperate with GCHQ, the British intelligence service that works closely with the NSA in the United States to surveil the internet and private electronic communication. Intelligence services are increasingly critical of encryption methods used by Facebook and Twitter to secure the communications of users. MI5 boss Andrew Parker took the tech giants to task for encryption and warned the “dark places from where those who wish us harm can plot and plan are increasing.” Parker said tech companies must offer “greater co-operation” in the fight against terrorism and added that “privacy has never been an absolute right.” Cameron’s request follows an earlier suggestion that the United Kingdom may outlaw online messaging services that use encryption. Cameron, in a meeting scheduled for Friday in Washington, will ask Obama to support an effort to deny people the government considers terrorists and terrorist sympathizers a “safe place” on the internet. Privacy International has accused Cameron and the British government of “cynical opportunism” in the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attack. More
Cameron to Obama: Force Tech Companies to Cooperate with Surveillance Agency.专辑名称： When Excuses Become Antiques
专辑歌手： Phoenix Mourning
发行日期： 2006-04-18
专辑语种： 英语
专辑类型： Screamo / Metal / Alternative
唱片公司： Metal Blade
压缩比率： 192kbps
专辑介绍：
2004年6月，共同的热情和对音乐的爱好使这只金属乐队的成员走到了一起。为他们的第一张专辑When Excuses Become Antiques 把关的是传奇制作人Tom 和 Jim Morris，他们制作的专辑从Marilyn Manson 到 Puff Daddy 到 Sepultura 到Ozzy Osbourne 到 Public Enemy，可谓是经验老到。Phoenix Mourning第一张专辑的13首歌曲用metal/screamo 的形式表达了年轻人的焦虑和个人发现。
Rarely does a debut album showcase the characteristics usually associated with seasoned recording and touring acts. PHOENIX MOURNING’s Metal Blade Records debut, "When Excuses Become Antiques" is the exception to that rule. Brought to the label’s attention by legendary producers Tom and Jim Morris, who have worked with everyone from Marilyn Manson to Puff Daddy to Sepultura to Ozzy Osbourne to Public Enemy, PHOENIX MOURNING’s thirteen-song debut oozes with track after track of spot on metal/screamo arena worthy anthems of youthful angst and personal discovery.". Destined to be one of the breakthrough releases of 2006, PHOENIX MOURNING has already become a "friends" favorite on MYSPACE and PURVOLUME, where, in a very short amount of time, the band continues to cultivate supporters at an alarming rate!
/thumb.jpg)
专辑曲目:
1. Across Twenty-Six Winters
2. Contrast
3. Niche
4. One January Morning
5. When The Sky Falls
6. From Afar
7. A New Decor
8. Etched
9. The Ornament
10. Waiting For The King
11. My Future Actress
12. Glasskiss
13. 12A Sun-play of the Ages, Intolerance tells four tales, all widely separated in time, yet each loosely connected to the others by the title's theme: the Babylonian Story, the Christ Story, the Huguenot Story, and the Modern Story.
Director: D.W. Griffith
Writer: D.W. Griffith
Cast: Lillian Gish, Howard Gaye, Constance Talmadge, Elmer Clifton and Alfred Paget
Sorry there are no upcoming showtimes for Intolerance (1916)
ReviewsWhite Water Sea & Surf
- Course
Overview
- Course
Detail
- Availability &
Booking
-!!
Experience Required
Confident flat water paddler with the ability to manoeuvre your craft with ease
Scheduled Dates
Detailed Course Notes
You should be 18 years old
Great Guide and Course
Dave Bolton
Chris our guide did a great job on skills transfer he also made the course more enjoyable by lending me a left handed kayak paddle. Food was very good and plenty of it. Only comment would be that it should be easier to book a room for single occupancy. Not being able to do this would be the only reason why I would not attend further courses.
Great week with plenty of variety
Sarah
Fantastic week showcasing the best of north Wales - we packed in 3 days of river fun and 2 days in sea kayaks. All days were really enjoyable and I learnt loads from our instructor (Karl). Would recommend this week to anyone looking for fun in a boat!
Fun and Skill developing
Julian Briggs
Our excellent instructor, Glen, was able to keep each of us on our learning edge throughout the week.
I enjoyed the White Water and Sea.
Sadly no Surf. I hear the right Surf conditions are rather rare in N Wales.
Thanks
Another great week
Wayne Kilborn
Yet another great course completed at Plas y Brenin. Well done Dan for looking after us so well, and making it a really enjoyable week. That tricky White Eagle "rapid" trip at the end of one of the days was particularly pleasant. We were really lucky with the weather during the week, and it was a real shame there weren't enough waves on the day we had hoped to surf. The white water was fantastic, and the outings on the sea when the weather's nice are always good.
White Water, Sea & Lots of Fun!
Penny Newton
I'd highly recommend this course to anyone interested in sampling the delights of taking to moving water in a kayak. You get to try different boats in a variety of settings, building your skills throughout the week from flat water revision sessions through to paddling the Menai Straights in all its full-on manic glory! Shame we didn't get to do our surf day, but that's the unpredictable Welsh weather for you.
The centre itself has a nice, relaxed atmosphere and is warm and welcoming at the end of each tiring day. The catering is also particularly noteworthy and Vegetarians are unusually well catered-for, with plenty of delicious options available for all mealtimes. You will never go hungry at Plas y Brenin, that's for sure!
A big thank you to our instructors, Lou, Sally and Pete for top notch instruction and to everyone else on the course who helped make it such an enjoyable experience.
Varied introduction to kayaking
Esther Ford
I'm basically a newcomer to the kayaking, having previously only done enough sea kayaking to know that I was likely to enjoy the sport and to be interested in also trying white water. The instructors (Dave, Pete) both gave very clear instruction and made sure all levels of ability were catered for; they also looked after the group's safety very well (particularly when the river was in flood and flowing very fast!). Everything else was great too - particularly the excellent home-cooked food. I had a terrific week and definitely recommend PYB and the Kayaking course.
fantastic
Louise Heather
As a K1 Marathon paddler strapping myself into a kayak was somewhat challenging and revealed an unknown demon (entrapment fear), However the instructors were fantastic, hugely supportive, not pushing me more than I wanted to push myself, and always with a number of options to keep me participating. Mega thanks to Pete, Dave and (Sally) for their patience, persistence and to the rest of the group who made it a fantastic week
Boosting the confidence!!
Brian Coward
Day 1 - Sea Kayaking off Anglesey with an amazing view of seals
Day 2 - Stunning views and building up important skills in the currents of the Menai Straits
Day 3 - First experience of white water of the River Dee at Llangollen
Day 4 - More white water on the Dee including the exhilaration of the Serpent's Tail
Day 5 - The National White Water Centre near Bala
I think the itinerary of our week says it all!!! The big box I needed ticking was to build up my confidence and the plan our instructor Adam came up with each day was spot on for this. Heaps of thanks to him and the rest of the group for a fabulous week. If you feel a bit edgy about going upside in fast moving or white water I thoroughly recommend this course. I achieved several dunkings during the week and it went from being scary to just being annoying. Exactly what I wanted!
Now. What to do next????????
plas y brenin rocks
oscar
I really injoyed my 5 day trip a pyb it really helped my kayaking a lot . I wasn't even using a neoprem deck before and now I am . I'm goin back again to learn eskimo role next year
Wonderful white water and super sea kayaking!
Steph Long
What a fantastic course!
It was great having the chance to experience different types of paddling and I found out that I absolutely love white water kayaking as well as sea kayaking. There was no chance of surfing as there was a lack of wind, but a high swell when sea kayaking around Anglesey created so really high waves, which were was just as exciting! I was a bit nervous about white water kayaking but once I had paddled my first huge rapid, I was so happy and couldn't stop smiling-it was a lot of fun!!!
Thanks so much to Loel for awesome instruction and for giving me a lot confidence while white water kayaking and also for helping me to perfect my roll. Thanks also to Deano for his help and advice out on the water.
I can't wait to go back to Plas Y Brenin to do some more white water kayaking and also eat some more tasty cakes!!
White Water, White Knuckles, White Two Sugars
Mike Gower-Fox
A brilliant course. Thank you to Spike, Pete & Dino for showing us so much. My boat control developed significantly during the week & I learnt so much I am worried that I wont retain all of it now!
The week was an ideal way to decide which of the three disciplines I preferred & due to the weather & democratic process we had a slight bias towards my favourite - White Water Rivers. Other courses would be different.
At the end of a full day the Excellent hospitality staff at PYB would nurture our spirits (and our stomachs) ready for the next days' exertions.
Using the experience of the instructors in reading the weather & selecting appropriate venues, we were able to maximise our opportunity to learn and progress throughout the week.
Tremendous fun, Tremendously useful & Tremendous value.
PS Thank You to Jack, both for the Cappuccinos' and the rescue ;¬)
MGF
an exhausting week
Craig Fordham
Was a bit nervous especially as this wasn't originally the course I opted for, however I found the place to be great, the facilities and food were superb. High winds prevented us from doing a sea trip but the river running and surfing were fantastic fun and I even managed a couple of rolls on the last day in the pool. A HUGE thank you to Spike for putting up with me all week and really helping build my confidence levels I hope to take the skills I was shown on this course and develop them further but I am in no doubt that I will return to PYB for another course in the future : )
A great week - of course
Wayne Kilborn
Being a regular at Plas y Brenin, I knew I was in for a good week. Plas y Brenin is ideally located, and the instructors are just the best!
I had sort of hoped that Deano would be the instructor for my week, since my early helicopter exit from his course in May this year. Once again, thanks Deano, Loel & Rob for your help and support - luckily the problem wasn't as serious as we all thought at that time.
Anyway, back to this latest completed course. Spike was great; looked after us superbly all week, helping us to enjoy the week. The weather conditions were such that we didn't do a sea trip, although we did get to experience the sea kayaks on a lake in somewhat windy conditions. The white water, and particulary the surfing were great fun, and I look forward to my next visit.
Great course
Pete Evans
The white water, sea and surf course delivered on all points. This is the second Kayak course I have attended at PYB and have really enjoyed every aspect.
Would like to thank Dino for the instruction which made the course very worthwhile and for some great days out on the surf and rivers.
Also to thank all the other centre staff who make the stay comfortable and that you will never go hungry.
Looking forward to boking another course soon.
Every expectation met
david law
Every time I come to PyB I have every expectation met. I have never been disappointed & wasn't this time. Sid & Ben set just the right amount of guidance & motivation to keep me going even though I was well out of my comfort zone a lot of the time. I have gained the experience & much of the knowledge I need to make decisions about what gear & boats to buy & to get me started on the water.
The white water was fantastic & I will definately be doing more of that as well as surfing which is one of the few watersports we can do in Kent. As for sea kayaking, I am sure I will overcome my terror as I want to do some multiday trips in due course. Maybe with a commercial co, even PyB.
I haven't looked for faults & even if I did wouldn't find anythingf to complain of. On my rec my son & his girlfriend are there with you now on an intro to kayaking course & I am sure they will be equally pleased.
All the best & many thanks to Sid & Ben & every one at PyB..
David.St. Louis could be next to raise its minimum wage to $15 an hour
The mayor of St. Louis wants to make his city the latest to raise its minimum wage to $15 an hour.
If successful, Mayor Francis Slay’s proposal would make St. Louis the first non-coastal city to hit the $15 mark—suggesting that the fight for $15 an hour is spreading beyond the liberal enclaves where it has so far had most success.
The initiative also underscores how the campaign for higher wages is gaining strength from ties to the Black Lives Matter movement, and from anger over the police shooting last summer of Michael Brown, an unarmed St. Louis-area teen.
RELATED: Low-wage workers take campaign to McDonald’s HQ
A draft bill would raise the city’s minimum wage to $15 per hour by 2020, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. Companies with fewer than 16 employees or that do less than $500,000 in gross yearly sales.
“Any American who is working full time should be able to put a roof over their head and food in their stomach,” Alderman Shane Cohn, the bill’s sponsor, told msnbc.
So far, the only cities to go to $15 per hour are on the west coast: San Francisco; Seattle; and SeaTac, Washington. Los Angeles passed legislation last month to join them. Similar proposals are pending or planned for Washington, D.C.; Portland, Maine; Sacramento and Davis, California; and Takoma and Olympia, Washington. A wage board in New York is considering raising wages for the state’s fast-food workers.
Of course, four red states—Alaska, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Arkansas—passed voter initiatives last fall to raise their minimum wages, offering evidence that the cause of boosting wages for low-wage workers has appeal even in conservative areas. But none came close to requiring $15 per hour, which is what many workers in the fast-food and other low-wage industries say is the minimum they need to get by and in some cases support families.
It’s perhaps no surprise that St. Louis is the first heartland city to consider going to $15.
The police shooting last summer of the unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb, sparked a broad conversation, both in the region and nationally, about the range of obstacles to success that young black men face. Among those is an economy in which an increasing share of jobs are poorly-paid and irregular, and offer little chance of advancement.
Cohn said he’d been working on the effort since well before Brown’s death, but he allowed that the issues are connected. “If we would have addressed the socio-economic issues that are pervasive in our society, for the last ten years now, do I believe Ferguson would have happened?” Cohn asked. “No.”
Since at least December, Black Lives Matter activists in St. Louis have joined fast-food workers, many of whom are themselves young minorities, on the picket lines. Many Black Lives Matter protests have focused on shutting down Wal-Marts and other large retailers.
Bettie Douglas, a 51-year-old McDonald’s St. Louis worker who is part of the Fight For 15 campaign, applauded the news of the mayor’s proposal. “My gas was recently shut off and it is virtually impossible to feed my 14-year-old son on just $7.65 an hour,” said Douglas, in a statement provided by the Fight For 15 campaign. “Mothers like me shouldn’t have to worry about putting food in our kids’ mouths, especially when we work for multi-billion dollar companies like McDonald’s.”New Stuff: Keep Podcasting & Nobody Blows Up
In this month’s exciting episode: iOS 9! El Capitan! Amazon bans Chromecast! And the Oculus Rift can help you defuse bombs! Alan and Chess talk through the latest tech news (with a severe slant toward the "Mac side”), but first you have to listen to them talk about their recent computer woes (it’s riveting audio content, we promise you). Plus, they share their app picks of the month… all on this episode of podcast-soon-to-be-renamed-but-currently-still-called “New Stuff”!
Your panelists: Chess Hoyle (Twitter: @chesshoyle,), Alan Jackson (Twitter: @alanjackson,)So I sent the following messages to the moderator about Banned Books Week as she seeks such input:
This apparently precipitated the following discussion, with some people saying the ALA should be more radical and others saying less, essentially agreeing with me in principle that the ALA has gone too far in some areas and not enough in others:
The above discussion is not necessarily news, but I thought it was interesting enough to publish here to show that not all librarians march to the ALA's tune.
ALA Councilor Patrick Sweeney Attacks Me
As an aside, here's a supposed free speech advocate calling me "that one typical crazy guy," even as they speak on the issue I raised. I know he's talking about me because he has made similar comments about me in other fora in the past, and in a similar manner.
Notice in his first #libchat comment ever, he uses the opportunity to make an ad hominem remark about me. He's one of my few personal trolls:
And what a coincidence this free speech troll blocks me on Twitter. Oh my, he is "the Branch Manager of the East Palo Alto Library in California" identified as an "ALA Emerging Leader."
He is now an ALA Councilor! "The Council is the governing body of ALA." Model behavior for an ALA Councilor to behave in such a fashion, no? Attack someone on Twitter but be sure he's blocked first so he can't respond.
To whom may I appeal if someone on the governing body of the ALA is attacking me in various settings? He's on the ALA Ethics Committee, so the answer is nowhere. But he does help to illustrate the ALA's commitment to free speech goes only one way.
The Banned Books Week Acolytes Block Free Speech
Notice other supposed free speech advocates who support Banned Books Week in the conversation above have also blocked me:
- @jessf600 - Jessica - public librarian in Ventura County, CA.
- @BibliosaurusRex - Lauren Bradley, MLIS, Judaica Systems Librarian and ALA Committee Intern, New York City, NY, ALA's Public and Cultural Programs Advisory Committee.
- @lochwouters - Marge Loch-Wouters - Youth Services Coordinator, La Crosse Public Library, immediate past Wisconsin's Chapter Councilor on the ALA Council - she joined the conversation too late to comment on the issue, but she's another ALA Councilor who has blocked me.
It sheds a little bit of light on why, for example, certain free speech advocates do not mind the censorship of books with which they disagree, such as those about ex-gays:
- "American Library Association Must Condemn Banning of Ex-Gay Books," by PFOX, Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays, 3 October 2012.
Conclusion on Banned Books Week, Free Speech, and Twitter Behavior
So the librarians who seek to move Banned Books Week away from being a hoax such as by calling it "Intellectual Freedom Week" do not block me, and the librarians who are happy to see Banned Books Week continue to be "very jarring" block my free speech on Twitter. Very interesting. It's no coincidence.
NOTE ADDED EVEN DATE:
Contrast the behavior of the ALA Councilor with that of teacher/writer Trudy J. Morgan-Cole. She addresses the issues, not the people raising the issues (though she swoons over John Green and not me!!!), and she does so in a truly thoughtful manner:
- "On Banning Books," by Trudy J. Morgan-Cole, Hypergraffiti, 5 October 2012.
She references the following tweets:
I recommend following @TrudyMorganCole.
NOTE ADDED 4 NOVEMBER 2012:
ALA Councilor Sweeney commented below to attack me further, even saying, "I also have heard from a number of New Jersey librarians (where you live) that you used to put playboys and penthouses in the stacks and then try to get the libraries in trouble to drum up some press. Is that true? Yet another reason why you’re blocked." I respond to this unprofessionalism and more also in comments below. Please read them.5 Categories Commercial & Industrial See Subcategories (5)… Real Estate Managers Non Residential See Subcategories… Real Estate Services See Subcategories (24)… Residential See Subcategories (4)… Residential Property Managers See Subcategories… More ➡️ Latest Local Offers Bates Floor Covering Great quality flooring for every budget from Bates Floor Covering in Sun Prairie! A Pig In A Fur Coat Save the Date for Pizza Lunch at A Pig In A Fur Coat! Every third Wednesday of the month! Duwayne's Salon 10% discount for all senior customers. Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays! Schedule your appointment today! 608-241-0323 Squeaky Clean Window Washing, LLC Get your windows looking "Squeaky Clean!" Call Squeaky Clean Window Washing Service LLC today! 608-843-1405 More ➡️ Print Ads WSJ Jan. Sat. NARI Front Flap Lift Chair Princeton Chamber K-12 EF13 bus card direc Parent 3623693 Car talk Editorial Saturday BulletinVME Device drivers
VME is a bus used in industrial computers (and it used to be used in Sun Microsystems servers). This project currently has available a VME nexus driver for the Tundra series of PCI-VME bridge chips, as well as a generic driver and an example device driver. 'Nexus driver' is a term from Sunos, meaning a driver that controls other device drivers. Using this terminology, the SCSI device driver is a nexus driver; interfacing to tape and disk device drivers. The drivers here are for Linux kernel version 2.4.0 or greater.
This project also defines an interface between the VME nexus driver and the VME board device drivers. This allows the writing of a separate VME nexus driver for a different VME bridge chip, which would still allow the individual VME board device drivers to work. The old Sun servers (mentioned above) don't use the Tundra Universe chip as a VME interface, so this driver will not work with those machines.
Files currently available:
universe.c - Tundra VME device driver
diplomat.c - sample application driver
generic.c - generic vme driver; allows read/write to vme based addresses.
Any questions/suggestions/code can be directed to mailto:bakers@erols.com .As a twelve year old, whenever I heard the whole "imperfections make us beautiful"-based line, I used to cringe. I didn't not like it because I was striving to be perfect in every way, but more in that, although I knew I'd never reach "perfection", I liked to believe that it was achievable in some manner.
I used to write little (terrible) stories and the main girl and the main boy were always undeniably perfect. This makes me sad in many ways but it also makes me smile. I'll tell you why. The biggest trait that would make them beautiful would be their generosity and kindness and heart. So despite the fact that they were generically beautiful and all that jazz, the reason why all of the other characters loved them so much was because their attitude, their view of other people was flawless. Now this is perfect.
She left beauty wherever she went. Inspired oh-so-muchly by one of Louise's Motivational Monday posts, this quote and post brings so many thoughts to my mind. What made one of my main characters in one of my stories, Kiara perfect was how she treated people. She was lovely and nice to everyone. She would leave beauty behind her because she didn't judge people and was undeniably nice. This, of course, isn't the only way to have an attitude and a way to be perfect. It could be the way someone would always express disapproval at a nasty comment towards someone or it could be how they leave a conversation, making another, someone not necessarily close to them, feel refreshed, happier. It may be that someone wakes up, despite the rain and the miserableness, and they smile: a new day, they think. Alternatively, they may be quiet, surveying the situation, looking out for anyone in need of a smile. Perfection comes in many different forms.
Something that makes my skin crawl is, alike to many, bullying. Bullying for the way someone is, the way someone looks. All bullying is unacceptable. Here, I have to touch upon people bullying people because they feel or decide that the way someone looks on the outside determines their perfection. It may be cliché, but bullying says only things about the bully rather than the subject. The movement of bullying is "ugly", "gross" and any negative adjective out there. It makes me sick to the stomach, firstly because the initial bullying is disgusting and the fact that it can ruin someone's life from that point onwards. Think about what you say. The way you look does not determine who you are, not in any way, shape or form. You. Are. Beautiful.
It must be noted that I know - I know - it's not easy for people to, despite however amazing "on the inside" to think that it's enough - and it is more than enough. It is too easy to feel like how you look isn't good enough. It seems like second nature. Now, I try so hard to push negative thoughts about how I look away and at the same time, deal with them in some way otherwise I know I'll end up crying and wishing to look like, well, not myself. Instead, I remind myself that it's okay not to be okay with how you look, but it's also okay to smile all the while and forget it. I don't care that my hair isn't in place 24/7 (if ever!), I don't care that my skin's not silky smooth or my clothes don't look quite as right as I first thought. We're all the same.
I'm not sure that I believe perfection does exist or doesn't exist. I'm not sure what I believe but I know you can be your own version of perfect.
Sparkles & Confetti,
The Girl in the Moonlight.Present Members:
Donald J. Robitaille, is in his sixth year on the Committee. Don was elected Chair in 2012. He is an Air Force veteran and a retired police captain from Chelsea Ma. He and his wife, Joanne, are full time Dennis Port residents and the extremely proud grandparents of 5 beautiful grandchildren. Don has a Masters Degree in Criminal Justice. He is currently the editor of DPRC website ( dennisportrevitalization.org ). Prior to buying his present house in 1994, he had been vacationing in Dennis Port since 1976. Don is also past Vice Chair of the Road Safety Task Force, A past Commissioner with the Dennis Historical Commission and a past appointed director of the Dennis Historical Society. He was also President of the South Side Civic Association for 4 years and maintains his association with SSCA. Don was also appointed to the first Dennis Tourism Committee and has since stepped down.
Pat Sakellis, Pat is from Western Ma and has lived in Dennis Port for the past 11 years. She was in education for her working career as a teacher and special education administrator in Westfield Ma. Pat is married with two daughters and three grandchildren. She is also active in the Dennis Historical Society, garden club, tennis and creative arts.
Robert Surrette, Bob grew up in Worcester, saw some of the world during seven years in the 1970’s thanks to the US Army, worked as an economist for the federal government in Washington DC for almost 30 years and washed ashore on the Cape on the Fourth of July 2011.He and his wife of more than 40 years, the former Joan O’Rourke of Montreal, live in Dennis Port; his daughter, Marie, lives near Princeton, NJ with Bob and Joan’s three precious grandchildren. Bob hopes to be of service to the people of Dennis and, more specifically Dennis Port, throughout his tenure on the Committee. He is also a member of the Dennis Tourism Committee and a volunteer for the Dennis Police Department.
Vana Trudeau was appointed to the DPRC on Sept. 24, 2013. “Although Vana Trudeau grew up on the other side of the bridge — the Bass
River Bridge that is — she has called Dennis home for the past 20+ years,
and Dennis Port for the past dozen years. In addition to being the founder and President of Essential Rentals, Inc., a full-service vacation equipment rental company, she is also a member of the adjunct faculty and Theatre Coordinator at Cape Cod Community College. A former co-chair of the Dennis Arts and Culture Committee and former member of the Dennis Beach Committee, Vana is pleased to have the opportunity to serve the Town as a member of the Dennis Port Revitalization Committee.”
Ned Chatelain just came aboard in February 2016 as our newest member. Ned is also Treasurer of the South Side Civic Association. Ned Chatelain is a Dennis Port native who, after a 12-year absence, moved back to town in 2013 to raise his two children – Sophia (3) and Sam (1) with his wife Kristin. He lives a short way from the village center, and he and his family can often be found playing at the playground, visiting the library, getting coffee at Buckies, or walking to the beach. He is a full-time Realtor and loves helping people find a place here on the Cape.
Jim Hardy was appointed in April 2016. “Jim Hardy grew up in Dennis Port and South Dennis and graduated from Dennis – Yarmouth High School in 1985. He remembers Dennisport as a thriving community in the mid to late nineteen seventies and is thrilled to serve on the Revitalization Committee. Jim also graduated from Cape Cod Community College in 2006 and has plans to finish his Bachelor’s degree. He is employed in the D-Y School District as a substitute teacher and owns a small handyman services company here in Dennis.”
Ken VanTassell was appointed in April 2016. Ken grew up in the New York metropolitan area before moving to the Merrimack Valley of Massachusetts in 1985. Ken has vacationed in Dennis Port with his family since he was four months old, and is now proud to be a year round Dennis Port resident with his wife Kathy. While living in Chelmsford, Ken served as an adult volunteer with his son’s Boy Scout troop and on the Chelmsford Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Committee. In addition to the Dennis Port Revitalization Committee, Ken is a member of the Dennis Tourism Committee, the Dennis Historical Society and the Friends of the Cape Cod Rail Trail.
Carlyn M. Carey, Past Co-Chair. Carlyn has served on the Committee for 9 years. After living and working in Washington, DC for almost 10 years, Carlyn returned to her hometown of Dennis Port in 2006. Carlyn and her daughter Phebe (age 10) proudly represent multiple generations of Dennis Port residents. Carlyn is Staff Attorney at The Cooperative Bank of Cape Cod. Carlyn took a temporary leave of absence effective April 1, 2012. Carlyn completed her leave and has resumed her commitment to the Committee as an alternate member and was reappointed on Sept. 24, 2013.
Henry G. Bowen, Past Co-Chair. Hank has served on the Committee for over 14 years. Before moving to Cape Cod, he frequently vacationed in Dennis Port. Remembering how the village was as a vibrant part of the Town of Dennis, Hank wants Dennis Port to once again achieve that status. Hank retired as Vice President of Sales Development for a major advertising firm based in Chicago. Hank is currently chairman of the Town of Dennis’ Road Safety Task Force and active in his church community. Hank stepped down after 14 dedicated years of service to the Committee in May 2016.
Thomas E. Huettner, Tom Huettner, Past Chair and Co-Chair: Tom, a Dennis Port resident, is a partner in the landscape design firm Second Nature Gardenworks. He is a mechanical engineer with graduate-level studies in architecture and alternative energy. He is also trained as a community planner and a mediator, skills he puts to use in his work in human services and as a board member of the arts and theatre non-profit, Eventide Arts. Tom serves on the Town of Dennis Road Safety Task Force and has served as Chair or Co-Chair of the Dennis Port Revitalization Committee for over 12 years. Due to work and other volunteer commitments Tom resigned from the Committee, effective May 31, 2013.Testimonials (Page 3)
From: MCHUGH Memphis TN
The boots are on my feet this very second. They are fair dinkum (if that is a good thing). They were delivered at lunch time Wednesday. I came home, put them on, and went to show them off. They seem to fit perfectly. I am yet another satisfied customer. Thanks for all of your help with my order.
From: rl11 Sanderson NT Australia
I received the boots earlier this afternoon. They fit perfectly. You may not remember me, I ordered a pair of RM from you back in 1996. And thanks for the shoe polish.
From: gaetano St. Louis MO
I got the boots and the jeans. Thanks. The jeans are great. Today I am going to deliver my present (the boots). Thank you once more for your help and efficiency.
From: ricey Tiverton Devon UK
Barry, they arrived 6pm Monday, incredible and brilliant service. Thanks.
From: brumberg Paris France
HI. Thanks for your mail. The boots are fantastic!!!
From: acrombie Sai Kung Hong Kong
Just to let you know my boots arrived last night. Excellent service.
From: LarryP0555 South Euclid OH
Barry; I have received the shoes you sent, and all I can say is they are all that I expected. They fit well, and look great. I showed them to a friend, who years ago used to make shoes in Europe. He said that they were reminiscent of shoes made in Germany, prior to the war. He was surprised that quality is still alive in this age, and from Australia. Thought I would pass that on. Thanks.
From: bluesho Putnam Valley NY
Thank you for the awesome black Kangaroo Craftsmans. Sorry that it took me so long thank you. My mom got the boots and wrapped them for me. I opened them on Christmas Day. They are very comfortable and look great. By the way, Thanks a bunch for the t-shirt and Vegemite. My supply was running low. If I have to buy boots everytime I need more vegemite I am going to go broke.
From: Ned New York NY
Barry: The boots from Richmond, Australia reached Richmond, VA, and they are a huge hit. Thanks for all of your help and prompt replies. This is the way E-business should be performed.
From: wiggles Apple River IL
Barry, we received the boots from Australia today … thanks so much for allyour help. They are a perfect fit!!! Lyle, my husband, had to put them on and wear them already … said he was breaking them in.
From: m.arrowsmith Brentford Middlesex UK
Just a short note to say how much I appreciate your excellent service. No doubt you’ve had years of dealing with overseas customers but I have to say your approach is truly “global” – I even know what you look like.
From: mark_kelly Dedham MA
The boots did arrive in time for Christmas, with several days to spare. Thanks for your attention to this. My wife loves the boots! Thanks again, count me as another satisfied customer.
From: dgoodfriend Washington DC
Wow! What a beautiful pair of boots. I have never had a pair feel so comfortable from the first wearing. I want to thank you once again for your impeccable service. Thanks for delivering them early (a great X-mas present)
From: univex Downers Grove IL
The Kangaroo Craftsman boots are so cool, I love them. The fit is great and they are so comfortable. I appreciate your help with my order.
From: tonyp Middlesex NJ
Thanks for the great service. I ordered on Friday and wore them to work today. They fit great and the quality is top notch.Once again thanks for the great service. I will be ordering again in the future.
From: lward Ross on Wye Herefordshire UK
Received moleskins and boots on Tuesday 8th mid-day. Could not believe the speed at which they arrived. The boots and skins are fine and thankyou for your help and your trouble in ringing to confirm the order. I thought the line was as clear as a bell considering you were in Melbourne and I was walking in a field of wheat in deepest Herefordshire!!!
From: kmansel Williamsburg VA
My boots were waiting for me when we returned from our Thanksgiving holiday weekend. I LOVE THEM!!!
From: crichr Modesto CA
I recieved my boots on Tuesday. They are a perfect fit and better than I had even expected. Thank you so much for your help. I look forward to doing business with you in the future.
From: bonspiel Yonkers NY
Received the boots; a perfect fit. Thanks for taking the time to make my order exact.
From: hendin Dallas TX
Wow that was fast! The boots arrived today, and they’re great. I like the wide toe — my wife and I both think that they look even better than the Macquarie’s. Thanks very much for your help with my purchase. I expect that you will hear back from me within the next few years when I am ready for a pair of kangaroo boots.
From: AWhitehead Highlands Ranch CO
thank you for all of your help and attentiveness to each order. I am always most impressed whenever I have the good fortune to place an order with you.
From: andersso Middlebury VT
Just wanted to you know that I received the boots yesterday. I love them and am wearing them right now.
From: Patrick Dumont
The boots were received, and they’re great. The web page barely does them justice. I look forward to purchasing your products in the future.
From: Annamarie Asher
My boots arrived one week after I placed my order and they are as fine a pair as I have ever seen. They fit perfectly and I really don’t want to take them off. They are beautiful AND sturdy.
From: Drew CROWHURST
Hi Barry…i got the boots …they are fantastic….unbelievably comfortable.
From: Geri Sculley
Two things – 1. Still puzzling over the fact that you can ship boots from Australia and get them here in four days while the local Post Office takes two days to get a letter across town.and 2. How did you get so smart? The boots are the perfect color, style AND fit. No, seriously. They are fantastic. Exactly what I wanted. Thanks again for all your help.
From: Tom Allen
I just wanted to thank you and the people @ bootsonline and @ R.M.Williams. Sending out such an order for the first time made me VERY apprehensive. All of that passed when the package arrived @ my door ~ 2wks later. The boots and coat fit as if they were made just for me. The QUALITY is unsurpassed in anything I’ve seen here in the States.
From: Wilhelm Schroder
I’m really impressed – this is the first time I’ve ordered something on the Net, and I even get an extremely fast reply from you guys
From: Damian Gill
The boots arrived yesterday in great shape.I am delighted with them.You can expect further orders from me,my wife and the kids.
From: David & Cheryl Whitehouse
A very big thankyou for getting our order to us so quickly. Our parcel arrive late yesterday afternoon and it was like Christmas. My neighbour loved her boots so much I think she wore them to bed. She is wanting to get another pair and her husband would also like a pair so we will probably be sending another order through in the not too distant future. Everything else was great, especially the mens shirts.What: ALL
STAR WRESTLING This back to school event provides great, clean fun for the
entire family. The first 50 kids under 12 receive an autographed picture of NWA
Canadian Heavyweight Champion Cole Bishop. Part of the proceeds will go to Totem
Hall Recreation programs. For more info, call 604 710 0872.
When:
Friday September 14, 8 p.m.
Where: Totem Hall, 102 Stawamus Road, Squamish
What: BOOK
SALE Come out to the annual book sale hosted by the Pemberton and District
Library this Friday. With countless titles to search through, there is sure to
be the perfect book for everyone.
When:
Friday September 14
Where:
Outside the Bank of Nova Scotia, Pemberton
What:
TERRY FOX MOVIE A documentary on Terry Fox’s life will be shown in a warm up to
the Terry Fox Run on Sunday. All are welcome to watch this movie that was
launched on CTV last year. By donation.
When:
Friday September 14, 6 p.m.
Where:
Ballroom at the Four Seasons Hotel
What:
WHISTLER WRITERS FESTIVAL The annual Whistler Writers Festival returns to
Whistler for its sixth year with more than 20 leading Canadian writers, poets,
broadcasters, and cultural commentators. Twenty-two unique seminars will be
offered over the weekend for writers of every ilk. For more info, visit.
When:
Friday September 14 - Sunday September 16
Where:
Various locations throughout Whistler
What: KIDS
READING TIME Join us at Whistler Core every Saturday for great books that will
inspire curiosity in kids! This program is geared towards children from 2 to 7
years old. Each week, we have a new story to read and a new exciting adventure
to experience.
When:
Saturday September 15, 12:15 - 1 p.m.
Where:
Whistler Core
What: THE
COUNTRY FALL FAIR Featuring artisans displays and products, concessions,
petting zoo, live entertainment, baking and more. For table bookings, please
contact Linda Ronayne at 604 894 6580.nd :
Standard : £12.00 ( £13.00 at the door)
Unwaged, Under18s : £8.00
Friends of Calstock Arts : £.
Calstock Arts
Calstock Arts is a vibrant arts venue based in The Old Chapel, Calstock, situated within the beautiful Tamar Valley, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.I'd like to start using the PackageIndex class. For now, I want to use: - The constructor (of course) - prescan and - __getitem__. I imagine I'll use other methods in the long term. I'd be happy to document these as I go. Is there any problem with considering these public? As I mentioned the other day, my plan to to make more use of setuptools and less use of easy_install in zc.buildout, until I eventually don't use easy_install at all. Jim -- Jim Fulton mailto:jim at zope.com Python Powered! CTO (540) 361-1714 Zope CorporationAs top Nollywood actress Funke Akindele clocked 40-years-old on Wednesday, August 24, the screen diva has received loads of birthday wishes from her colleagues, fans, family and her new husband, JJC Skillz.
Music star JJC Skillz took to his Instagram handle to post several pictures of his ‘best friend’, Funke Akindele with a heart-warming caption which says: “Happy birthday @funkejenifaakindele aka FAB. Many happy returns, may all your days be filled with love and happiness. You’ll find peace in your home, work, body and soul. You’ll never lack. Health and wealth is your potion. Long life and prosperity. Stay blessed my best friend.”
PAY ATTENTION: Get all the latest gossips on NAIJ Gossip App
Funke's birthday gift
Showing off her first 40th birthday gift from her husband, Funke posted the picture of her ‘Balenciaga sneakers’ on her snapchat handle with the caption: “Birthday gift came early from le boo. Love you.”
Happy 40th Birthday!
Source: Gossip.naija.ngOct 17 – Raleigh, NC — “Spiritual Discovery: How You Can Change the World” by Tom McElroy
Tom McElroy, a member of the Christian Science Lectureship, will be in Raleigh, NC on Saturday, October 17, 2015. He will give talks on the topic “Spiritual Discovery: How You Can Better the World” in two separate locations:
- 10:00 a.m. – In the Lecture Hall on the 4th floor of the Hunt Library on the Centennial Campus of NC State.
- 2:00 p.m. – At the Laurel Hills Community Center at 3808 Edwards Mill Road.
Both locations have free parking and free child care will be available at the Laurel Hills location.
About the talk:
The laws of universal Love are everywhere and capable of helping anyone, but compassionate people must work together to prove what’s possible through Love. Want to know how to be part of the Cause of Love? Check out this talk on how you can change the world. Learn about Tom McElroy and hear him speak.
Both talks are sponsored by the Christian Science Churches of Raleigh
Downtown—1400 Hillsborough Street, Raleigh, NC 27605 919-833-4555
North Raleigh—5312 Falls of Neuse Road, Raleigh, NC 27609 919-790-9183Hello fellow After effects users,
I'm not usually one to bring up problems like this online but, recent changes to the "color" window have crippled my workflow. Ill describe the problems here and maybe there are new options I don't know of that can alleviate the challenge.
The color window is now seemingly a port of windows found in photoshop with a swatches panel and multiple color choosing options. This change however has brought on 2 major problems. First; the new "magnifying glass" color picker tool almost never chooses the exact color it highlights. The brightness and contrast selected are always slightly off for no explainable reason. In some cases, as in acquiring a color from another shape in AE, I can make a swatch of the color I want and use that. BUT, when I have a rasterized file, like a JPEG, it is impossible to match a color. There also is no Hex code box for colors, so no one stop way to copy and paste a color from one location to the next (my usual work around for faulty color pickers). This leaves, using Apple's built in color identifier (DigitalColor meter), then, switching back to AE to dial in the 3 parameters of hue, saturation, and brightness (or RGB) - an ok way to do things but way more cumbersome than previous methods.
Don't get me wrong; the swatches are amazing and have many great applications. I would not want them removed. There are just some things they cant do, especially with a color picker that does not work well.
Zach, in Preferences > General, is Use System Color Picker enabled? If so, you should disable this, and then you will see the same color picker dialog that After Effects has been using for several versions.
There has been no change to the color picker, and the Use System Color Picker option defaults to off but it sounds like this option may have been enabled for you at some point...
View Full Entry List
View Full Photo Gallery - Stefano Gattini (BPSE)Le dim 24 septembre 2006 22:07, Manoj Srivastava a écrit : > Hi, > > As I currently understand it, the position statement GR > regarding the project leader and Dunc-Tank has adequate numbers of > seconds; and received enough seconds on the 21st of September. > > This is an independent proposal. > > The attached file shows my current understanding of the state > of affairs. If I have missed something, please let me know. > > manoj I just can't vote that proposal as is, that is way too supportive wrt what debian should say (if the previous GR should fail): ,---- | The Debian Project reaffirms its support to its DPL. That would be said by the result of the Recall GR, no need to state it. | The Debian Project does not object to the experiment named | "Dunc-Tank", lead by Anthony Towns, the current DPL, and Steve | McIntyre, the Second in Charge. The project could object, I don't see what that would change in the facts: the Debian Project cannot reach that initiative (whereas only created by developers that lost their DD hat because of the wind), so we could object, that would not change a damn thing anyway. | However, this particular experiment is not the result of a | decision of the Debian Project. I agree. | The Debian Project wishes success to projects funding Debian or | helping towards the release of Etch. Bah, that is way too poorly worded: that would mean, that if I create a project that would fund the RM to remove any package with an RC bug to release on tomorrow, Debian would wish me success. One could even imaging more twisted scenariis. Such a general statement is useless. So, since that will be a separate GR, I do the proposal below: ---8<------------- Anthony Towns, the current Debian Project Leader, has suggested funding the Debian Release Managers' living expenses during the forthcoming release. Following informal opposition during internal discussions, Anthony Towns and al, have started soliciting donations for this purpose, in an initiative called `dunc-tank'. This particular experiment is not the result of a decision of the Debian Project. --->8------------- The aim of that proposal is to express in a neutral way what led to the creation of dunc-tank, and to reaffirm that dunc-tank is not a Debian initiative. I want it to be 100% neutral, neither pro, nor cons. Note that I do think that a statement resolution should NOT object NOR give support to dunc-tank. Especially the latter, because that would be a very circuitous way to make from that initiative a Debian one, which is exactly what the statement states beeing false. -- ·O· Pierre Habouzit ··O madcoder@debian.org OOO
Attachment:
pgp5B1zYHlvB6.pgp
Description: PGP signatureAbout this policy
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the Oxford TCC website, and how this information will be used. Please note that this policy applies to the Oxford TCC main web page (i.e. those in)
If you follow a link to any other website, please check their policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
Information collected
On the website, you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services. The OxfordTCC may store this information manually or electronically. By supplying this informationyou are consenting to the Oxford TCC holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to Oxford TCC by youwill be used for the purpose stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing comapnies or other such organisations without your permission. Personal information collected and/or processed by Oxford TCC is held in accordance with the provisions of the Date Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the Oxford TCC website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to accss information held about you. For further information about this right and how to exercise it, please see the Oxford TCC Policy on Data Protection.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be poste don this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Any quieres or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent by email to oxfordtccadmn@mailinator.com or addressed to the Oxford TCC Office, 12-13 King Edward Street, Oxford OX 4HT.Helpful Tips For Those Who Are Planning To Hire The Services Of A Reliable, we will be discussing some important factors that you must first take into consideration before you hire your potential business broker.
1. Professionalism is very important.
Professionalism can be seen in many different ways. Some of which are the following: how he dresses up for work, the materials he uses when presenting, the way he speaks, his knowledge about the type of business you have, and many others. When selecting the right business broker, you have to use objectivity and your gut feeling. Make sure that you are fully comfortable with the business broker you hire.
Tips – Getting Started & Next Steps
2. Your business broker must be equipped with a lot of experience.
Incredible Lessons I’ve Learned About Businesses
It is no secret that hiring a professional is a huge advantage for us. Make sure that the business broker you hire has a lot of experience when it comes to the type of business you are selling or buying. This will benefit you a lot in the end.
3. Hire one with a good reputation.
Asking your friends, colleagues, or loved ones for a recommendation is an effective way to find a reputable business broker. Keep in mind that if a business brokers is always being referred by other people, this is an indication that he is a reputable professional. After all,. Once you open the professional website of your potential business broker, it will be very easy for you to read more about his background, experiences, and services. If you are looking for his contact details, available schedule, and office address, you may also refer to his website. Before you leave the professional website of your business broker, it will benefit you a lot to read any reviews or testimonials about him. By simply doing this, you will know if he is worth your hard earned money or not.
Before you reach an agreement with your potential business broker, it is crucial that you do your homework on him. Once you do and you are happy with the reviews you have read, you will have the peace of mind knowing you have hired the right professional.Hourly Sales
The Hourly Sales report displays exactly what it’s name suggests, hourly sales. View sales by hour and day or by hour, day, and unit. Please note that sales are based on the closed ticket time. For example, if a ticket is opened at 10:59 AM and closed at 11:01 AM, the ticket sale will fall under the 11:00 AM hourly sales.
Accessing the ReportAccessing the Report
Viewing the ReportViewing the Report
1. Select your unit and period.
The Hourly Sales Report offers 3 different views:
2. By Hour and Day tab: View the hourly sales for a specific unit.
3. By Unit: Compare hourly sales across all store locations.
4. By Hour, Day, & Unit: View hourly sales across all locations for each day during the given period. West Coast Ensemble Theater in Los Angeles. Garcia is one of two living playwrights whose work Fornes chose to direct.
TribeLA Magazine Acrostic Interview.2?Please I need to get the original files, cos' i'm working with this version in a personal modification, using the data colected from my guild to build an interesting set of graphics ... maybe nothing so impressive for you, but im I a programmer .... and I find fun in this sort of things.
The thing is that I accidentally lost the original files, and now I need it very seriously so I can get to work again. All I need is the original install files of your WoW Roster 1.7.x.
Thanks in advance!
PD: sorry my english =P
PD2: congratulations for your 2.0 version, is impressive and my guild is fully using it, maybe I will get into their code too jejeChildren & Poverty
RESOURCES:
Circles®
Circles Breaks the Poverty Cycle!
Today 22% of our children live in poverty. Join the Circles Movement!
The Circles approach involves congregations in joining with others in the community to walk with the poor in an effective journey out of poverty. Participants in the Circles Initiative work with struggling families and working poor in identifying and addressing the conditions that hold poverty in place, and finding and implementing ways out. The families undergo a 20-week training which introduces them to values, work ethic, and educational achievement that will help them to advance. Each family becomes the center of a "Circle" that consists of the family and three-to-four "allies." Allies, people who know "how to get things done," work with the Circle for usually 18-24 months. The Circle allies provide coaching, opportunities for networking, references, and other forms of assistance to Circle Leaders and their families. As the "Circle Leaders," each family sets its own goals according to its unique needs and circumstances. Working toward these goals allows them to develop the emotional, financial, intellectual, and spiritual resources necessary for self-sufficiency.
First United Methodist Church of Carson City (Nevada) joined the Circles program in 2009, as one of the first pilot programs in the country. This congregation, largely made up of middle class people, no longer just does things for the poor, but the people actually befriend and walk with poor families in their struggle to break the cycle of poverty.
Ministry with the poor is one of four current United Methodist Church "Areas of Focus," or priorities. Because the Circles approach is proving to be one of the most effective approaches to ending poverty, the General Conference and the General Board of Global Ministries of The United Methodist Church are promoting Circles as a key future direction for churches to be engaged with the poor in their communities. Using Circles, your congregation can provide life-skill training, networks, relationships, and mutual problem solving to break the cycle of generational poverty.
To start a Circles Movement program in your church, visit the Circles Movement website here.
For more information, or contact the Rev. Rob Jennings-Teats, pastor of First UMC of Carson City at jenningsteats@sbcglobal.net or 775-882-1436.
Godly Play
The Godly Play Foundation is a non-profit educational organization whose purpose is to provide research, teacher training and quality consulting while nourishing the spiritual and moral development of children aged two to twelve.
PICO National "Unlocking the Power of People!"
PICO is a national network of more than 1,000 faith-based community organizations who are working together at a grassroots level, to create innovative solutions to problems facing urban, suburban and rural communities. Representing one million families in 150 cities and in 17 states, PICO has successfully increased access to health care, improved public schools, built affordable housing and much more.
"PICO brings people of faith together to strengthen families and revitalize communities."
For more information on PICO visit their website at:
LINKS:
Resource to Minister to Children and Youth from Central and South America Entering US
-kaminey movie torrent | kaminey torrent | kaminey movie download | kaminey movie torrent download | kaminey movie download torrent | kaminey movie
Another week, another movie and another hot search in google to download the Kaminey Movie Torrent. People are searching google to download Kaminey movie and to Watch online Kaminey movie. Few website owners uploaded Kaminey movie on Rapidshare and zshare. So that they can provide Kaminey movie download links on their websites.
एक उत्तर देंThe baby is going to need quite a few things after it’s born. So we thought it was time to go check out some babythings at the store. We weren’t planning on buying anything yet, we were just going to see what was out there…
Of course, that didn’t happen.
When we got to the push chair section, Yasu quickly dragged out this colorful buggy:
One thing you have to know about my husband, orange is his absolute favorite color. I think it all started when he found out it was my national color. He loves this Dutchie and he loves Dutch orange. Did you see his pants and shoes?
Not only was this push chair orange it also stood out in the line of boring, overwhelmingly black buggies and prams, with its bold pattern and bright color. He loved it and I loved it! The quality was great, the look was great, it was a ‘Which Best Buy Choice’, and it was a Cosatto, which happened to be the only brand I had previously shown interest in after seeing other parents with their colorful prams.
The push chair is part of a complete travel system from newborn to toddler. It not only comes with the duo-directional buggy for two-way cruising, but also with this pram:
And a matching car seat. Which the future uncle and aunt of our baby are showcasing here in a different colorway:
After researching 3 in 1 travel systems for babies online, I had expected to have to spend at least £500-£600 on it. So when we found out this system was on sale for £340 (with the option to return for a full refund), we could not believe our luck and quickly jumped on it. Yet when we got to cash register, we got even luckier. Some error in the computer let us have the car seat for free, so we ended up paying only £230.
Only problem was that we had not planned on buying anything. So we came to the store, in a different town, in a 3-door Mini with four people. There was basically no trunk space and there were two very large boxes needing to come home with us. With the help of a store clerk and a lot of pushing, shoving, and squishing we got everything and everyone in. We made it home to Buxton, uncomfortably but safely.
3 thoughts on “First Baby Purchase”
Ohhhh I LOVE this stroller!! I am looking for strollers too and it is sooo hard. I really like the STOKKE Cruisi, but I don’t like the handle. Also STOKKE strollers don’t have much space for groceries underneath and they are super expensive. You also need to buy STOKKE accessoires to fit which are even more expensive. I want a foreign brand because we are both tall and it would be nice if the child could stay in their stroller when we go out for lunch like in the STOKKE. But most of them are so bulky and inconvenient here in small Japan I guess.
Here they all have those old-style looking, cheaply made, four wheel buggies in which they even put newborns, which I think is just not good for their back. But it is even more common to carry them the first few months, because it is easier. So I thought about doing that and skipping the newborn stroller option, but uuuum sometimes it would be still nice to not have to carry the baby I guess….
I really would love to get an AirBuggy but you can only put a MaxiCosi on it for newborns…which they grow out quickly and you cannot change the handle so you face your child, which I also don’t like -.- I am so annoyed by strollers already, I wanna create my own haha
But I really like that COSATTO one, I have never heard of that brand *__*
LikeLiked by 1 person
My friend in the Netherlands has Stokke, it looks pretty, but yeah it’s pricey. Carrying the baby around, yeah I have seen Japanese friends do that, it’s a bit exhausting I’d think. I would at least get a baby carrier so my hand are free and baby is safe and snug. Cosatto is new to me too. It’s an English brand.
Pingback: To Our Little One – By Yasu | Eleventh MonkeyMassage Therapy Facts for Physicians
Americans are turning to therapeutic massage for relief from injuries and certain chronic and acute conditions, to help them deal with the stresses of daily life, and to maintain good health. In an August 1998 national survey of consumers by Opinion Research Corporation (ORC), 52 percent of the 1,007 adults surveyed said they think of massage as therapeutic and 19 percent said it feels good and is therapeutic.*
Medical professionals are becoming more knowledgeable about the efficacy and benefits of massage and are commonly integrating the services of massage therapists into patient care. According to a national survey conducted by the State University of New York at Syracuse, 54 percent of primary care physicians and family practitioners said they would encourage their patients to pursue therapeutic massage as a treatment. Of those, 34 percent said they are willing to refer the patient to a massage therapist.** And, health insurance companies, realizing the cost savings of massage, may cover sessions with a massage therapist when they are a prescribed aspect of treatment. In the 1998 consumer survey by ORC, of the 15 percent of adults who said they had discussed massage with their doctors, 76 percent reported that the physician responded positively to use of therapeutic massage.*
* From August 13, 1998 survey commissioned by AMTA
**Grant, W., Kamps, C., Blumberg, D., Hendricks, S., Dewan, M. Alt. Ther. In Health & Med.,1995 Contraindications
- Certain forms of cancer
- Some cardiac problems
- Infectious diseases
- Phlebitis
- Some skin conditions
Working With Massage Therapists Questions and Answers
Q. What is the minimum schooling required for a massage therapist?
A. In some states, this is determined by a regulatory body. AMTA requires minimum training of 500 hours of classroom instruction (at least 300 hours in massage therapy theory and technique, and a minimum of 100 hours of anatomy and physiology). Most states that regulate the profession require 500 or more hours of classroom instruction.
Q. Why isn’t there a national standard or requirement for someone to be a massage therapist?
A. As with most healthcare regulation, this is determined at the state level. Certification by the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork is an indication that a massage therapist has the established and required hours of education, has passed a comprehensive written examination, and is qualified to enter the field.
Q. How many states regulate massage?
A. Twenty-nine states and DC currently regulate massage therapy. The number of states recognizing the need for regulation has doubled in the 1990s.
Q. What is the difference between AMTA and the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork?
A. AMTA is the premier professional association representing the massage field. Founded in 1943, it has more than 37,000 members. The National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork (NCBTMB) administers the National Certification exam and certifies massage therapists who pass the exam and maintain their status through continuing education.
Q. Does AMTA certify or credential massage therapists?
A. AMTA does not certify or credential massage therapists.
Q. Are massage therapists being accepted on insurance provider panels?
A. As health plans recognize the efficacy of massage and its value, as well as the competency of massage therapists, the number of therapists on insurance provider panels is rapidly increasing.
Q. How do I determine what type of massage therapy my patients should have and whether they need to see someone who specializes in a particular massage or touch technique?
A The best approach is to find a qualified, professional massage therapist who can determine and/or recommend massage appropriate for the situation.
Q. If I send a patient to a massage therapist, will payment be the patient’s responsibility or will insurance reimburse for it?
A. This will vary with the patients’ health plans. More health plans now regard massage therapists as recognized providers. Check with the patient’s insurance, as with all referrals, to determine how payment will be coordinated.
Q. What does a massage therapist do that a physical therapist can’t/won’t do?
A. A physical therapist concentrates on rehabilitation of physical damage caused by illness and injury through the use of various devices and exercise. A massage therapist focuses on the normalization of soft tissues affected by stress, injury, and illness through the use of manual techniques that improve circulation, enhance muscular relaxation, relieve pain, reduce stress, or promote health and well-being. Massage therapists have extensive training specific to their field. Physical therapists have training in basic massage, but not the specialized education of massage therapists. AMTA requires and recommends that a professional massage therapist have a minimum of 500 hours of training in massage and related subjects.
Referring a Patient to a Massage Therapist Ask These Questions
• Are you currently licensed as a massage therapist in this state/municipality? Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia require licensing of massage therapists.
• Where did you receive your massage therapy training?
• Are you a graduate of a training program accredited by the Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation (COMTA), or that is a School Member of AMTA?
• Do you have advanced training in any specific massage techniques?
• Are you certified by the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork?
• Are you a member of the American Massage Therapy Association (AMTA)? How do You Find a Qualified Massage Therapist?
• Find a Massage TherapistSM, a free service of the American Massage Therapy Association, helps consumers and medical professionals find qualified massage therapists.
• Founded in 1943, AMTA has more than 41,000 members in 30 countries. AMTA Professional Members have demonstrated a high level of skill and expertise through testing and/or education. AMTA Associate Members are working toward such qualifications. AMTA has a Code of Ethics and practice standards that promote the highest quality assurance in the profession.
• New AMTA Professional Members must be graduates of training programs accredited by the Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation (COMTA); have a current AMTA-accepted city, state or provincial license; or be Nationally Certified in Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork.
Contact AMTA’s Find a Massage TherapistSM Locator Service Call: 888.843.2682.: August 2017
WEBSITE UPDATE–CHARLOTTESVILLE–8-17-17
WEBSITE UPDATE–CHARLOTTESVILLE–8-17-17 ON TRUMP’S PRESS CONFERENCE “I decline to be impartial between the fire brigade and the fire.” Winston Churchill “You had a group on one side that was bad and you had a group on the other that was … 
Posted in Uncategorized Comments Off on WEBSITE UPDATE–CHARLOTTESVILLE–8-17-17
REMAKE COMES TRUE–AGAIN!
Website update 8-9-17 There’s nothing SF writers hate worse than being proved right. That’s because our predictions that come true hardly ever turn out to be the positive ones. I should say right off the bat that SF writers aren’t … 
Posted in Uncategorized Comments Off on REMAKE COMES TRUE–AGAIN!QPAU Motion Sensor Lights, Wireless LED Motion Sensor Activated
Amazon Deal Of The Day: QPAU Motion Sensor Lights, Wireless LED Motion Sensor Activated Battery Powered for Decks Porches Patios Pathway Stairs Steps Camping
✔ Mounted on anywhere – The motion sensor lights comes with a flexible and removable tripod stand which is bendable could be mounted on fence or other places;
✔ Auto On/Off – Motion sensor lights designed with Auto On/Off switch, you can turn the switch to meet your desire; Auto-sensing turns on the led light when it detects motion at night, and light goes off automatically after 30 seconds;
✔ High Quality and Energy Saving – The infrared sensor light utilizes most popular PIR + LED technology, ultra-low power consumption, last up to an amazing 5,000 hours;The LED light base can be rotated by 360-degree, for perfect positioning;
✔ Multi-functional for Use – The motion sensor lights intent for indoor and outdoor use, such as bedroom, living room, balcony, hallway, bathroom, bedroom, camping etc, where you put where bright;
Novelty Lighting by QPAU
QPAU Motion Sensor Lights, Wireless LED Motion Sensor Activated
The linked site is not operated or owned by FreebieSelect!Game #59
Lancers at Stars
The Ice Box
7:35 pm
Watch: HockeyTV
Listen: News Talk 1290
Both Omaha and Lincoln have been eliminated from post-season play putting bragging rights on the line as the rivals meet for a home-and-home series to wrap up the 2016-17 season.
Season Series:
Lincoln has controlled the season series through the first six games, winning five of the first six games. Omaha’s only victory over the Stars this season came at the Ice Box on February 3. Derek Hamelin scored the overtime game-winner to help the Lancers claim the victory.
Despite only having scored once in the series, Lincoln’s Gustaf Westlund leads all skaters with eight points (1g, 7a) through the six games series so far. Papillion native Ethen Frank is right behind Westlund with seven points (4g, 3a). Stars forward Sam Sternschein has tallied the most goals against the Lancers this season, scoring five times, including a hat trick at Ralston Arena. Ben Lown leads all available Lancers in both goals and points against the Stars. The Miami University commits three goals are a team high, the forward has no assists against the Stars. After Lown four other players have a pair of points, and three other skaters have scored.
Missing Pieces:
The Lancers head into the final weekend of play missing two of the teams top three scorers. Both Filip Rydstrom and Emilio Pettersen will be missing from the Omaha lineup for both games.
Rydstrom, the teams leading scorer, signed an ATO with the Indy Fuel of the ECHL on Saturday, April 1. In 51 games with the Lancers the captain notched a team-high 24 assists to go along with 10 goals. Rydstrom has played two games with the Fuel, tallying a pair of assists in his second pro game on April 5 vs. Quad City.
Pettersen, who will be representing Norway at the U18 World Championships in Slovenia. Norway opens play on Friday April 7 against against Kazakhstan. Playing in the second tier Pettersen’s Norwegian team will take on Germany, Hungary, Denmark, and France in round robin play to open the tournament. A Denver commit, Pettersen most recently represented Norway at the World Junior Championships U-18 Division 1a. During that tournament Pettersen recorded five points (3g, 2a) in five games.
Lincoln will be without defenseman Eero Teravainen who will also be playing for his country during the final week of the season.
Getting Experience:
Affiliate player Noah Cates recorded the first multi-point game of his USHL career on Saturday night against the Fighting Saints when he picked up a goal and assist. Cates started the weekend with a power play goal in Des Moines on Friday, his first of the season. The goal on Saturday was the first that Cates had scored at Ralston Arena.
Skating on a line with Filip Suchy and Jack Randl, Cates’ line combined to score three of the Lancers goals on the night. Cates, committed to Minnesota-Duluth is expected to return to the Lancers for the 2017-18 season.Hey there, how’s it going? I’ve been meaning to create a blog for quite some time now, and after months of procrastination I finally did it! This look is a little introduction to my style.
I find monochromatic hues to be quite effortless, and chic.
Sleek silhouettes is a go-to of mine, so you’ll definitely see more of it on this blog.
I love the textural aspect of this look; the fluffy mohair, the roughness of the distressed denim, and the polished leather. It certainly adds a little bit more interest to it.
I hope you guys enjoyed this look; i will be posting once a week, so stay tuned!
-Poch x
Coat & Rollneck Jumper | ASOS
Blazer, Denim & Boots | Zara
AdvertisementsTag: 16 December (2002)
16 December (2002) Hindi Full Movie Online
89 Views0 Comments0 Likes
16 December, 1971 was the day when India won the war against Pakistan, and was also able to liberate Bangla Desh from Pakistan's rule. Initial release: March 22, 2002 (India) Director: Mani Shankar Screenplay: ...November 11, 2012 Veterans Day Leave a comment Thanks to all who served. “Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.'” —Winston Churchill’s Tribute to the Royal Air Force, House of Commons, 20 August 1940. Advertisements Share:TweetEmailLike this:Like Loading... Related Posted by howgoesthebattle in Veteran-related Issues Tagged: Veterans, Veterans Day, winston churchillBought more crickets for Artemis to feed on. Basically the plan is to fatten her up significantly before my trip so that while I'm there, all I need to do is slip in 3 or 4 crickets and she will definitely last my elongated period of absence. Interesting thing though, now that she's so big, she actually stalks her prey, watching from above and then hanging down so that when an unsuspecting little cricket strays within her reach... ZAAASZZZ!!!!
It's really quite an interesting and fascinating thing to watch actually, in a sick sort of sadistic way I suppose... but then again you couldn't possibly say that something similar would not be happening in nature because it is, I suppose her place to behave in such a manner at the top of the food chain. Anyway so there you have it. Am too excited that Ray is going to be sleeping over... again... =D fourth week in a row !!!New Year's Eve gets less and less exciting every year. I used to think it was this big deal, that I had to be at the right party with the right people having the time of my life or else the following year would completely suck. (Incidentally, with that much pressure on a single night to set the precedent for an entire year, I was almost always disappointed. I do this to myself in every area of life.)
This year I slept through it. I fell asleep at 11:20 and I woke up at 12:10 to Sullivan screaming. I elbowed Barclay and mumbled, "Happy New Year. I'll get him." 17 year-old me would weep. 17 year-old me would never use the word weep.
Yeah well. 17 year-old me had bad taste in everything and was kind of a brat.
The point is not even that anyway, so whatever. The point is that it is an unspoken rule that every person with a blog shall either write about their New Year's Resolution or write about how much they hate New Year's Resolutions. I feel stuck, since I don't have a resolution but I don't think resolutions are entirely lame, either. I just feel pretty neutral about it. But after sifting through my feed reader this morning and reading everyone else's posts, I feel pressure to either revolt or make one up on the spot. Okay, here goes:
New Year's resolutions are absolutely the worst idea ever. Like, what, is someone going to hold me to this? Are you going to email me every day and say, "Suzy, have you practiced your bassoon today? Don't do any fun things until you've had your hour of bassoon practice. You made a promise to the Internet and it was a New Year's Resolution so it meant more."
No.
I'm going to type some stupid goal on here and you're not even going to care and then I'm going to do it faithfully for exactly 13 days and then I'm never going to even think about it again until next year when I'll read back on this and feel like a failure. New Year's Resolutions were designed by cosmetic companies to make girls feel bad about themselves so they'll buy more mascara to make up for years of failure.
(I decided to go with the revolt, because I can't think of a resolution.)
There you go.
The New Year's Resolution I was thinking about making it, I failed to do the very first day...so I quickly squashed that one and once again chided myself for the fact that I know I'm not a good goal setter, why do I bother? Maybe the every day I wanted to do will simply be more than I usually do. I like vague goals. They're harder to pinpoint if you've failed! ;)
Vague goals for 2015:
Don't ever...do some things...that might not be considered...the best for life.
Always...do other stuff...that could be advantageous or beneficial...or maybe fun...
I'm with you.
Ha. This made me laugh and laugh. You're the best. And I totally know how it feels to break a resolution. It's January for crying out loud! Now is the month for onsies and hot chocolate while curling up under a quilt and watching Disney movies, not the gym! What a stupid time to start a new year!
Those are resolutions I could get behind!We happily present The Overkill Mafia Hack Tool For Unlimited Coins And Liquor. It is 100% working and we Guaranty that you will be fully satisfied using this tool. Earlier we released the BETA version of this and after a lot of R&D’s we finally have the Ultimate version of Overkill Mafia Unlimited Coins And Liquor. If you are looking for a “Working Overkill Mafia Hack tool” or “Overkill mafia Android Hack” Or “Overkill Mafia iOS hack” or “Overkill Mafia free coins” you just stepped into the right place. So as we just released this Ultimate version we have decided to keep it free for some times to let out users get the best out of it.. The Overkill Mafia hack tool 2014 is a very small program that you can download on your PC from the link below. Unzip it and run it on your pc. Connect your device with a cable or wifi or bluetooth and Click on Connect. The software automatically detects device and connects the game automatically. That means you do not have to do anything. when it connects simply add the variables you like and click on Start Hack. It will take a minute or two to complete the full process and update all the files. But it really worth waiting the time.
We have another great news for thous who dont want to download the program. you can still use The Overkill Mafia Hack Tool For Unlimited Coins And Liquor Online Version. You will find the Link Below. With this tool, you dont even have to connect your device. The Overkill Mafia uses an online database where it stores all the information of their users. All you need to do is input your email address and click connect. Out Overkill Mafia Hack Tool 2014 Online Version will search for your account in their online database and will connect automatically. Then All you have to do is setup the variables, The Amount of Coins and Liquor you want to add to your account and click Hack. Thats all, files will be updated instantly and in real time. So wait NO more. Click the download link or use our online version now.
DOWNLOAD OVERKILL MAFIA HACK TOOL 2014
Note: video instructions are included in the packageThe easiest way to prevent cancer is to stay away from the things that might cause it. For example, doctors suggest that people wear sunscreen lotion when outdoors. Sunscreen lotion protects the skin from harmful rays in sunlight. Exercise and eating a lot of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains also can help to prevent cancer. Seeing a doctor once a year helps, too. Doctors can find early warning signs of cancer.Filming Locations: Bad Santa (2003)
Bad Santa (known as Badder Santa on the unrated DVD) is a 2003 American Christmas black comedy crime (Wikipedia).
You can view more SFV Filming Locations here.
Bad Santa was filmed in LA with one notable location in the SFV which was the home of Thurman and his grandma which later becomes the home of Willie T. Stokes. The home is located at 7211 Whitehall Lane West Hills which also included the interior. This location was already found by Chas Demster at Filming Locations of Chicago and Los Angeles and was also discussed at IAMNOTSTALKER.com. Take a moment to visit Demster's site to view the other LA locations.
This home was most recently sold for $1,070,000 on February 22, 2012. The home measures 5 Beds/4.5 Baths on 4,100 sqft on a total lot size of 1.57 acres built in 1997.
And the trailer:Friday, Sept 19, 2014
9:00 to 10:30 pm
South Stage
The Hawktones weave together a show laced with old school sensibilities and modern day energy–covering Chicago standards, Texas shuffles, West Coast swing, originals and much more.
In 2013 they released the CD “Account to Me” — in part a tribute to Gary Primich and a collaboration with Primich’s family on two previously unreleased Primich pieces. The CD garnered wide acclaim for its different musical textures and strong musicianship, and launched an amazing 2014. In January the Hawktones were honored by The Blues Foundation at The International Blues Challenge with the prestigious award for 2014 Best Self-Produced CD. In May they were invited by the Blues Foundation to play the annual Blues Hall of Fame fundraiser at the Hard Rock Cafe Memphis during the Blues Music Awards. They were also nominated for four Jammy Awards: Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Blues-Soul Album, and best production. And the year’s not even over!
Where did it all begin? Hank Mowery, an Ohio native with a “pretty musical” extended family in Kentucky, was inspired by his banjo-playing great uncle, and picked up the “blues harp” in his early 20s. He raced onto the local and regional blues scene in the mid 90’s with his band The Hawktones. As General Manager of Grand Rapids’ blues hotspot, the Rhythm Kitchen Cafe, from 1995 until it closed in 2000, Mowery honed his skills, jamming nightly with the local and national blues acts that happened through there — a who’s who of blues greats, including the legendary Primich. Mowery also picked up harmonica tips from the likes of William Clarke, Peter “Madcat” Ruth, Little Walter, Lynwood Slim and, Kim Wilson.
THE REST OF THE BAND – Mowery has said: “My goal is to always be the least talented guy in the band!” That is not an easy thing to do, given his considerable talent, and when the others in his band seem to have the same modesty and collaborative spirit. They are:
- Patrick Recob (Bass/Vocals) Best known for his work with Lee McBee & the Confessors, and the Gary Primich Band, Patrick is well respected around the country for his playing and comic relief.
- Troy Amaro (Guitar) – Variously described as wild, tasty and sophisticated, he more than holds his own on solos and is superb at supporting everyone else on the bandstand.
- John Large (Drums/Vocals ) With a career spanning some 40 years, John’s versatility is noteworthy — straight blues, rock, swing, jazz, funk and anything in between.
- Chris Corey (Piano/keyboards) A “musical encyclopedia” who has played internationally and enhances any band he is playing with.
SPECIAL GUEST MIKE MORGAN
In 1996 & 1998 Mowery had the opportunity to tour with Blacktop recording artist Mike Morgan & The Crawl, and Mike offered this assessment: !” With respect like that, it’s not surprising that Morgan and Mowery continued to cross musical paths.
A Dallas native, Morgan co-founded The Crawl in the late 1980’s, and his searing guitar playing, their fiery, unforgettable live performances, and a series of successful albums for Black Top Records, earned rave reviews from critics and a devoted audience worldwide. Their reputation as one of the best contemporary blues bands in Texas grew, with Morgan writing original songs that were on a par with the classics they chose to cover. They continued to delight their fans with new albums throughout the 1990s. In 2000, Mike released his own CD, and Texas Man was well received; followed in 2004 by Live in Dallas, and Stronger Every Day in 2007. Since then, although still playing local gigs, touring has taken a back seat to other business ventures, so this is a rare treat to hear Morgan in our own backyard, and back sharing a stage with Hank Mowery!On facing your fear foods: why we fear foods, some practical tips for overcoming those fears, and why I eat bananas every day.
In this post, I linked to a post by Rachael Hartley of Avocado A Day Nutrition about ditching the last diet rules. One such last diet rule that I noticed in my life a while ago had to do with bananas. My last diet before I discovered intuitive eating did not look fondly upon bananas. Speaking of diets, that particular one claimed to not be a diet, buuuuuuuut actually was (you know how it is). Struggling under the weight of orthorexia, I went above and beyond and basically swore never to eat a banana again.
You’ll never guess what happened next (okay, you probably will). It’s a shocker (not). I craved them. All the time.
We’re all born intuitive eaters. For me, that looked like eating when I was hungry and stopping when I was full. Eating what I felt like and what my mom cooked and put on the table for us. Eating not just as a physical experience, but as a social one. Cupcakes to celebrate the end of the school year. Popsicles slurped in the company of cousins after an August day spent in the pool in my grandparent’s backyard.
I didn’t fear foods. Except maybe super spicy ones. And raw baby carrots. Hated those things. But those were more of dislikes. I didn’t have to deal with this whole “facing your fear foods” thing. I certainly didn’t fear bananas. I’d eat them all the time in cooked into pancakes, sliced on homemade bread slathered thick with peanut butter, blended into smoothies with blueberries and vanilla, in cream pie on my brother’s birthday.
But then came the insecurity. And the eating disorder. And the restriction. The fear. And ALL the food rules.
Like I wrote earlier, my last orthorexic rally included a diet disguised as a “lifestyle” change, which included restrictions on bananas (and a bajillion other things). Basically, it fueled the fire of my food fears.
Food fears might not seem like that big a deal. But they can hinder you fully living your life. You avoid social situations. Family dinners and road trips become points of tension. Being invited over for dinner is anxiety-producing.
So how do you overcome them? How do you go about facing your fear foods? Here are a few things I did to help me feel comfortable eating my fear foods.
Recognize what your fear foods are and trace those fears back to their source.
Let’s take my banana example and run with it. I was able to trace my fear back to old diet rules, diet rules only caused me grief and that I’m now fundamentally opposed to. I had this fear, but I wasn’t sure what I was afraid of exactly. That leads to step two.
Come up with possible reasons for why your fear foods cause you anxiety. What are the consequences you fear will occur after eating those foods?
I had a whole list of made-up reasons for why bananas would inevitably kill me. But when I actually thought about it? Hadn’t I eaten bananas before on a regular basis–and lived to tell the tale? (<—- that sounds so lame.)
Come up with a plan for introducing one fear food back into your diet (diet as in all the things you eat, NOT a hyped-up fad that will only make you miserable and unhealthy). Implement it!
It probably won’t be easy. The first time I had a banana of my own free will after a few years of avoiding them, I would have sworn that something terrible was happening to me. My heart felt like it was beating too fast after just a few bites of my banana baked oatmeal and I just “knew” I was having a sugar rush or something. Actually, it was anxiety. The next time? Nothing.
After the first banana oatmeal experience, it took me a little while to work up the courage to actually come up with a plan and stick with it. I ended up deciding to eat a banana every morning at breakfast, so I couldn’t push it off until later in the day.
It was hard at first. Uncomfortable. Admittedly, I had those all-too-familiar, irrational “I’m going to turn into a balloon” thoughts. But it got easier. And eventually, it felt freeing. I could make banana bread if I wanted to! (And let’s be real, that’s just about the best way to eat bananas.)
It’s no longer a rule for me to eat a banana every day. Some days I don’t feel like it. But, most days I do. Bananas + oatmeal = a match made in heaven. After all.
So I know I’m using bananas as my example. Maybe your fear foods are more, well, fear-inducing. You know, doughnuts and ice cream and the like. It feels too hard to eat a doughnut every single day. That’s okay. Try once a week. Maybe get a person to go on a doughnut date for–for accountability and security. And because it’s just more fun to eat doughnuts with friends!
But back to bananas. What did eating one a day do for me? It slowly removed my fear. It made me realize if I could do it once, I could do it again, with another fear food. I stopped feeling quite so obsessed with food. The panic around my fear foods lessened. I became more of an intuitive eater. <—– good feelings!
I hope this has been an encouragement to start facing your fear foods! What are/have been your fear foods? What steps can you take/have you taken to start facing your fear foods?
Linking up for Thinking Out Loud!
It’s so good how you recommended re-introducing those fear foods, slowly and gradually. It’s amazing how those fear foods can take the forms of ‘healthy diets’ or lifestyle changes. That has totally happened to me more than once, and it’s been amazing having friends and sisters in Christ like you that remind me to not let those foods have control over me with fear.
Sometimes I still get pulled into the “good food/bad food” mentality, and I’ve also been so grateful to have people (like you!) to help set me on the right path again. It’s a process for sure! xoxo Naomi
I don’t think I really have any food fears–I should probably reanalyze that though just to make sure as I can tend to be a bit obsessive about NOT eating certain foods because of processed ingredients, gmos, etc.
That said, I really enjoyed reading this post. We have to stop listening to what the “experts” say and start listening to our internal body cues…cues that God designed our body with to tell is what we need.
As a little personal experience…
For a while I stopped eating bananas as I thought I possibly had an intolerance, no more nice cream, banana bread, or anything related to banana. After craving them for a while, I finally decided to just try them again and have been eating them more. I still don’t know if I possibly have an intolerance to them (I still think I might) but it is not life threatening and probably more important to “just eat the banana” than restrict myself from it!
Yes to listening to our internal cues! It’s so tricky to figure out what’s being caused by a food intolerance and what’s not, but it sounds like you’ve got the most important part down: making decisions for yourself from a place of self care. Thanks for reading and sharing your thoughts! And for reminding me about nice cream–it’s been too long since I’ve had some! xoxo NaomiHERE’S A SHORT LIST of people on the front lines of climate change: the residents of Tuvalu, the Maldives, and other island nations facing rising oceans; the Arctic Inuit, whose food supply and way of life is threatened by melting sea ice; Africans at risk from even more devastating droughts. What do they have in common? Answer: They’re all people of color. In the United States, too, “unemployment and economic hardship associated with climate change will fall most heavily on the African American community,” according to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation.
So why, then, does the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), one of the nation’s most storied civil rights groups, organizer of the Freedom Rides and the 1963 March on Washington, attack those who want to curb global warming? ExxonMobil, which in 2003 gave CORE $40,000 ($15,000 was earmarked for “global climate outreach”), would obviously like to avoid any appearance that its products and policies are a slow-moving assault on poor people of color. How better than to turn the accusation around? In that bit of public relations jujitsu, CORE has been most useful. To those familiar with CORE’s recent history, its allegiance to ExxonMobil comes as no surprise. In 1968, Roy Innis seized control of CORE and moved the group to the far right..) “We all want to protect our planet,” says CORE spokesman (and Roy’s son) Niger Innis. “But we must stop trying to protect it from minor or illusory threats—and doing it on the backs, and the graves, of the world’s most powerless and impoverished people.” Niger Innis has also said that the terms “eco-imperialism” and “eco-slaughter” should be household words.
Helping CORE form these talking points is its senior policy adviser, Paul Driessen, the author of Eco-Imperialism: Green Power, Black Death, who also works with several other ExxonMobil-funded groups. At a 2004 ExxonMobil shareholders’ meeting, Driessen referred to CORE as “one of America’s oldest and most respected civil rights organizations” and called for greater funding for the group.
I met Driessen at AEI’s Michael Crichton event. He looked like every other white, middle-aged wonk in the room. He promptly told me I had a homework assignment, reached into his briefcase, and pulled out a copy of Eco-Imperialism, which pictures a starving African child on the cover. Environmentalists, presumably, are responsible for such suffering. With a courtly flourish, Driessen inscribed the book, “To Chris, to get you started on your own search for truth, science, and human progress.” Tucked inside was his CORE business card.T!
Do you have a passion for food, enjoy a fast paced environment and working with a great team? Then the Courtyard Marriott of Maple Grove wants to meet you!
Experienced pm line and banquet cook with a passion for food and a great eye for detail. Weekends, evening, morning and holiday hours are a must. Pay depends on experience.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Poly-Planar MA-6900 6x9 White 3-Way Speaker-400W
High power speakers for high power stereo systems, can handle 400 watts(200 watts RMS) power per pair. Completely waterproof, coated internal wiring for long life. Three way speaker, polypropylene cones and stainless steel grill stand up to harsh marine more
Find other ...
$206
at 4 sellers
"Audio Legion ME8 Car Audio Midbass 8"" Midrange 200W Peak Stereo Speaker Pair"
"Audio Legion ME8 Car Audio Midbass 8"" Midrange 200W Peak Stereo Speaker Pair" more
$84.95
FREE shipping
Poly-Planar MA-6800 8 3-Way Platinum Series 200W,
400W (pair) 3-way round Platinum Series speaker, Mfg# MA-6800, W/Mylar tweeter & midrange, white stainless grill, peak capability of 400 watts per pair. hardware and speaker wire included. SKU : ADIB004XIW7PQ more
$220.40
For Car Audio Legion MG6 Car Audio Midbass 6 1/2' Midrange 200W Peak Stereo Speaker Pair
Audio Legion MG6 Car Audio Midbass 6 1/2 Midrange 200W Peak Stereo Speaker Pair SKU: AL16-MG6 100 Watt RMS / 200 Watt Peak Frequency Response: 148 Hz - 10KHz Mounting Dimensions: Overall Diameter: 6.54in (166mm) Cut Out Diameter: 5.75in (146mm) Magnet... more
$265.54
Jet.com
2) Rockford Fosgate PPS4-6 6.5' 400 Watt 4-Ohm Midrange Car Loudspeakers Speaker
We... more
$113.99
SoundStorm 450W Max (200W RMS) 4in SLQ Series 3-Way Coaxial Car Speakers
General Features: 4in SLQ Series 3-Way Car Speakers Power Handling: Peak: 450 watts per pair / 225 watts each RMS: 200 watts per pair / 100 watts each Pressed paper cone/li> Foam surround 1in Mylar cone midrange 3/8in Dome tweeter Top-mount Depth: 2in... more
$22.99
Sonic Electronix
Planet Audio(R) PL69 Pulse Series 3-Way Speakers (6" x 9", 400 Watts max) - Planet Audio(R) PL69 Pulse Series 3-Way Speakers (6" x 9", 400 Watts max)
Black poly-injection cones & rubber surrounds; 1 tweeter & 2" Mylar(R) cone midrange per speaker; Custom grilles; Imp: 4ohm ; Freq resp: 52Hz-20kHz; 6" x 9"; 400W max; 200W RMS; Pair;Length: 16.10"Width: 11.10"Height: 5.10" more
$54.00 $21.63
World Wide Distribution E...
Lanzar Mx6c Max Series 6.5 200-watt 2-way Component Speaker System
6.5'' Mid-bass Speaker Features: 6.5'' Midrange Driver High Quality Injection ConeNonfatiguing Butyl Rubber Surround Rubber Magnet Boot 100w Rms/200w Max Freq Resp: 45hz - 20khz Imp: 4_ ;1 Pair Tweeter Features: 1'' Silk Soft Dome Tweeter Mounting... more
$43.84
Super Liquidation Warehou...
Planar PolyPlanar 8"" Platinum Round Marine Speaker - (Pair) White - MA6800
8 Platinum RoundPart Number MA-6800 High power multi-component round speaker with an 8 woofer a mid range and tweeter is tailored for listeners who appreciates a crisp full sound. Flush mount. MA-6800 are 400W/pair. more
$170
Ads related to selenium pair d250x 200wBy day, the Honorable Alexander Banner Lyerly serves as the Chief District Judge for the 24th Judicial District in North Carolina.
But every July since 1956, Lyerly has traded his robe for a kilt.
The 50th Grandfather Mountain Highland Games, an annual celebration of all things Scottish, happens July 7-10 in Linville, N.C. At 5,964 feet, the hosting peak reigns supreme in the Blue Ridge chain. And while there are hundreds of Scottish games held every year in North America, the four-day fete near Boone is considered the genre’s crown jewel.
“We really are the premier Games in the U.S.,” says Lyerly. Back when it started, he reminds us, the Grandfather Mountain event was just a one-day affair — but its longevity and success is no surprise: North Carolina has one of the highest percentage of Scots-Americans in the country, according to statistics furnished by the Governor’s office. Grandfather Mountain has become a pilgrimage of sorts for those seeking a stronger connection to their Celtic roots, especially extended families, or clans. To Judge Lyerly, the Games represent ” … an opportunity for your children to appreciate their heritage.”
And a deep heritage it is. The amiably named Donald McDonald, cofounder of the Grandfather Mountain Games, used Scotland’s 900-year-old Royal Braemar Games as a blueprint. Founded by King Malcolm III, this ancient competition determined the fastest and strongest in a search for royal messengers.
Victors in the modern Games aren’t rewarded with royal employment, but the level of competition remains fierce. “I love the athletic competition … people competing at whatever level they are at and enjoying it … it is almost too much to take it all in,” notes the judge.
Beyond signature events like the caber (telephone pole) toss, Grandfather Mountain boasts both a world-famous marathon and The Bear, a five-mile road race climbing 1,568 feet to the summit. But athletic events are offered for every age and skill level, so even the inexperienced or out-of-practice can take a shot at a medal. While the experts are herding sheep (and geese … yes, geese) with their highly trained border collies, somewhere rowdy kids are engaged in so-called “Highland wrestling.”
Artistically speaking, the remarkable variety of family tartans alone makes the Games worth watching. (Plaid-clad volunteers will gladly help attendees find even the remotest drop of Scotch blood running in their veins.) For many, though, the prime allure is music. Juried contests in bagpiping, drumming, Highland dance, Scots fiddling and harp aside, it’s Celtic rock that rules these days. Returning this year is Clann an Drumma (Children of the Drum), a group whose bumpersticker-worthy motto is: “Keep it Tribal.” Based in Glasgow, the five-piece percussion band (plus a sole piper) swiftly became a hit at the Grandfather Games and other events worldwide. With their surreal combination of medieval dress and huge sound, they represent a newer trend for the Games.
“A few years ago, we started getting bands that played more modern music,” explains Judge Lyerly. “Some people wondered if this fit in … but this is a whole new world, and we have to come along with it. The Games have grown, and not just in numbers.”
And how do the Scots feel about a bunch of Americans who’ve got Braveheart-borrowed dialogue too ready to spout?
“They love the enthusiasm of the Americans,” says Donovan Murray, entertainment coordinator for the Games. Indeed, the folks in Clann an Drumma must like something here — they’re paying their own way over for their only stateside appearance this summer.
Murray goes on to reveal an interesting irony: “Americans take liberties with the clothing and such — but their participation is much greater than [at gaming events] over in Scotland.”
[Xpress staffer James Fisher, of the McKillops (a sept of the Donald clan), has been attending the Grandfather Mountain Highland Games since 1996.]
The 50th Grandfather Mountain Highland Games will be held Thursday, July 7 through Sunday, July 10, at Grandfather Mountain in Linville, N.C. Tickets for kids (5-12) are $5 all four days; tickets for adults are $10/Thursday night, $15/Friday, $25/Saturday, and $15/Sunday. Some evening concerts are separately ticketed. For more information, call (828) 733-1333.LeedyPalooza
Little Creatures presents LeedyPalooza in Leederville with its own taste of FRINGE WORLD 2018. Grab a LeedyPalooza map and program to discover the hidden treasures.
With over 60+ things to see, do and even more to explore including No Lights No Lycra, Stranger Danger Dinners, Unfair Day and Dancin’ in the Street.
Main Hub: 106 Oxford St, Leederville WA 6007We all know how important regular dental cleanings are for ourselves and the same thing applies for our pets as well!
The American Veterinary Dental Society reports that 80 percent of dogs and 70 percent of cats show signs of oral disease by age three. Dental disease doesn’t affect just your pet’s teeth and gums, it can also lead to more serious health problems affecting your pet’s heart, lungs and kidneys. Dental disease and tooth loss is totally preventable in many cases and controllable with regular, annual dental cleanings and daily home care.
We offer annual dental cleanings at a special price of $155 for dogs and cats under 90 pounds. Our special cleaning includes anesthesia, cleaning, fluoride treatments, polishing, an in house antibiotic injection, and antibiotics to take home.
Call us today at 727-785-7200 to schedule your pets next dental cleaning!Moto X4 with 5.2-inch 1080p Display Introduced in India Starting at Rs. 20999
Motorola India has finally unveiled the new smartphone Moto X4 in India. The mobile phone comes with dual 12 megapixel and 8 megapixel rear cameras to take images with blurred background, portraits, selective black and white and has dual Autofocus Pixel technology for faster focus in low light. It comes with front and back.
The Moto X4 comes in Super Black and Sterling Blue colors, is priced at Rs. 20,999 for the 3GB RAM with 32GB storage variant and the 4GB RAM with 64GB storage variant priced at Rs. 22,999. It will be available exclusively at Flipkart from today midnight.
Moto X4 Features
- 5.2-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) Full HD LTPS IPS display with Corning Gorilla Glass protection
- 2.2 GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 630 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 508 GPU
- 3GB RAM with 64Archive for July, 2013
Discrete CompensationSaturday, July 27th, 2013
Instant TranceTuesday, July 16th, 2013
German Folk Song!
Thoughts are free, who can guess them?
They fly by like nocturnal shadows.
No man can know them, no hunter can shoot them
with powder and lead: Thoughts are free!
Adapt, one must Adapt,
in our minds there are secret rooms
how often do we visit them?
in our language there are secret words
how often do we speak them?
in our lives there are secret joys
how often do we partake of them?
Ms. Death and the Cobbler
(he is fashioning a shoe)
‘what is the point, you will die, all will be destroyed?’
‘ah, Ms. Death, I am sorry, you are as absurd as our kings and queens’
‘how you mean?’
‘the most potent life is reserved for the little people and don’t you see? each of us have our ways to live, we endure. it’s the long game. we have hands and minds and we build. kings and queens, what do they have? a distorted mirror, an uncomfortable throne? oh, how do they bore me.’
‘they are scared of their own shadows, I must admit’
‘I would be too if I were as empty and hollow’
Ms. Death takes leave, she smiles to herself
‘carry on good cobbler, we shall meet again’
‘g’day’
‘g’day’Health News on June 18, 2012
PIP breast implants pose no significant long-term health risk for women
The gel materials used in PIP breast implant are not toxic or carciogenic and do not present a long-term health risk to women, according to a new research. ANI
High cholesterol diet helps mice with fatal genetic disease
Early studies in mice have revealed that a diet high in cholesterol may help people with a fatal genetic disease, which damages the brain. ANI
Global weight gain more damaging than population growth
Increasing levels of fatness around the world could have the same impact on global resources as adding an extra billion people to the planet, say researchers. ANI
TV remote among ' most contaminated surfaces in hotel rooms'
The television remotes in a hotel room are among the most heavily contaminated with bacteria and items on housekeeping carts that carry the potential to cross-contaminate rooms, a new study has revealed. ANI
Healthiest meal ever includes salmon terrine, chicken casserole and walnut
Researchers whittled 4,000 health claims down to 222 before creating the ultimate superdinner that includes salmon terrine, chicken casserole and yogurt blancmange. ANI
Having memory problems? Spit out that gum
Chewing flavourless gum could hamper your memory, a new British study has revealed. ANICIO 发布
On 10 May, about 200 distinguished guests, contestants, students and their relatives gather in Jameson Hall of UCT to witness the 13th “Chinese Bridge” competition in South Africa. Prof. Nhlapo, the DVC of UCT, Prof. Kalula, director of IAPO attended the competition and addressed the audience. The Chinese Consul General, Mr. Liang Shugen, was also present at the competition. 21 students from 4 universities in South Africa participated in the competition. Before the competition started, the Consul General, Mr. Liang, had friendly talks with our students, and was very impressed by their Chinese.
Through two rounds of competition, 2 contestants won the first prize and will participate in the final of “Chinese Bridge” competition in China in July this year. Luyolo Sijake, a UCT student, convinced the judges and the Hunan television crew with his eloquent speech, dramatic singing of a current Chinese pop song, and his excellent presentation as one of the Masters of Ceremony, to come up on top and receive the first prize. It is the first time that UCT student of Chinese will debut in China.
The “Chinese Bridge” competition started from 2002, each year, about 100 students from all over the world are brought to Changsha, China for the magnificent final stage, after they win the top awards in their respective countries. The final is broadcast live on CCTV. It will produce a top winner for the five continents of Asia, Africa, Europe, the Americas and the Oceania; and the final six contestants will receive top prizes. The Stellenbosch students have been winning the first prize at the Preliminary in SA and going to China for the final representing this country for the past years. This year, it is expected that Luyolo may perform much better when he is in China for the final. During Saturday’s competition, Luyolo’s father was sitting quietly at the back of the audience. Attending Saturdays competition were not only our 12 contestants, but many students of Chinese in the past three years were all there to celebrate our party, and quite a few parents, too.
Since the offering of credit-bearing courses in Chinese in 2011 at SLL, the Confucius Institute has brought the fascinating language and culture to UCT students, and has been well received. Our students make rapid progress in just over three years, despite the fact that we still don’t offer third-year and honor courses at the moment. Of the 21 contestants on Saturday, 12 are UCT students, and many of them did very well. Two students, Patrick Sellier and Lauren Maris, impressed the judges so much that they all praised their mastery of Chinese and said they might also qualified for the top prize. Other students, like Kate Gardy and Jutin Chadva, have only studied Chinese for over a year, but could deliver a speech in Chinese fluently. Even the first year student, such as Martin Mossmer and Somila Dondashe, who were only given a short time to prepare, received warm applauses from the judges and audience.
/>
Prof. Nhlapo, Prof. Kalula and other distinguished guests at the competition.
/>
Luyolo (left) and Lauren (right), students from UCT, announcing the beginning of the competition in Jameson Hall.
/>
Luyolo, who won the first prize, is making his speech in Chinese.Launch Photos
Tripoli Montana launch
August 21, 2004
Billings, MT
Greg Simpson's Fat Boy on a D12-5.
Keenan Cox's Patriot 3 on three C6-7s.
Sally Weinand's Venture on an A8-3.
Dale Emery's Mini-Magg on an I211-10W.
Nate Weinand's Razor.
Allan Cox's First Class Delivery on a G40-4W.
Greg Simpson's Red Wind on a C6-0/C6-7.
Nate Weinand's rocket.
Keenan Cox's Apogee 1 on a G40-7W.
Dale Emery's Small Endeavour on a G40-4W.
Allan Cox with his First Class Delivery.
Allan Cox's First Class Delivery on a H128-10W for his Level 1 certification flight.
Nate Weinand, Sally Weinand and Keenan Cox with their rockets.
Keenan Cox testing large parachutes in 20 mph winds.
Keenan Cox's Patriot 3 on a C6-7 cluster.
Dale Emery's Javelin on a J315-R.
Allan Cox's Multi Arreaux Cluster on three C6-5s.
Thomas Ames's stretched Syonic on a I284-W.
Allan Cox's Translucent Goose on a F40-4W.
Keenan Cox's Patriot 3 on three C6-7s. Only one motor lit.
Back to main page.Hola! Could anyone help me if there is a text editor module out in space, which allows stepping to one line from another of a paragraph? Is has one linebreak, so it's actually a line, but users cannot be bothered with this. Maybe the text widget of TKinter can be hacked? I have been playing with some binding modifications and stuff like this for days, but solutions are too slow or likely pixel/monitor dependent. Do I really have to go into C too? Tell me something if you can. thanxMission: Anomalous17th September 2014 – 5.54 pm
We have more anomalies than I almost know what to do with. There are a handful of good ones too, but what can I do with them? I've finished my review of Oblivion, unless I want to mention the bombastic score too, but I think I've done enough. I suppose it depends on what these other two signatures are that have popped up overnight. I launch probes and scan, resolving gas and more gas to go with the rest of the gas accumulating in our system. I should probably generate some ISK for our operations.
To the tower, in to the Golem marauder, and out to the first anomaly of the evening. Rewatching Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol the other day, I couldn't help but wonder why it was revealed that Hendriks went to the meeting in the Burj Khalifa with a mask on. It was established that Wistrom, his right-hand man and choice for the disguise, hadn't met their contact, Moreau, otherwise the duped meeting with the M:I squad wouldn't have worked. Surely Hendriks knew that, so why disguise himself as Wistrom?
I can understand Hendriks perhaps not wanting to wander around without a disguise, because of his high profile status. I can almost understand him not wanting to send Wistrom to the meeting unsupervised, because of the high stakes in what was involved, although you'd think he'd trust his right-hand man more. But if you are Hendriks wanting to make sure you got the right materials, weren't double-crossed, and weren't recognised, why disguise yourself as your known accomplice? Wistrom essentially attracted just as much attention as Hendriks.
It would have made more sense for Hendriks to turn up wearing a completely neutral disguise, because he wouldn't have been tracked and Moreau wouldn't have noticed. Or wear a neutral disguise and pretend to be Wistrom's right-hand man for the deal, to be there, be represented, and still go unnoticed. It seems that the reveal of the mask was there solely to have one used in a manner that didn't spoil the plot by being entirely overused, as in M:I 2, and tucked away at the end of an action sequence in the hopes of its not making any sense going unnoticed. Maybe I'm missing something.
Two anomalies are cleared of Sleepers, and their wrecks are looted and salvaged to bring back a fair 170 Miskies of plunder. That's not bad. The first anomaly even had my Golem not sitting in a blinding fog bank, letting me enjoy the view. It was almost a pleasant experience. Now to poke our neighbouring class 3 w-space system in my Proteus strategic cruiser, see what's happening in today's local constellation.
Jumping to C3a has my directional scanner showing me nothing, although opening the system map and seeing just how much space there is between the planets makes the negative result less surprising. One planet is in range, and the system is 125 AU across. There doesn't look to be much too see overall, which there isn't, but the eight anomalies and six signatures are spread over so much volume that it feels like less. I launch probes and perform a blanket scan to see if I can add any ships to the signatures, and I can't. There aren't even any structures, none at all, so the system is unoccupied.
I scan. Gas, wormhole, wormhole, relics, and a wormhole. There's a lot of space between our K162 and the wormholes, and as there's no occupation to watch I am in warp to each connection as soon as it is resolved. A K162 from class 4 w-space could be interesting, the static exit to low-sec obviously leads to Domain, and a K162 from class 2 w-space would be much more attractive if it weren't at the end of its life. Never mind, I pop out to Domain to bookmark the K162 in low-sec, duly noting the three extra signatures should I need more to scan, then back to C3a and across to see what's waiting for me in C4a.
My goodness, it's the nexus of w-space: J100001. Naturally, there is a tower lacking ships visible on d-scan, and although a big cluster of green highlights fourteen anomalies there are only two signatures present. Maybe the other one is a K162. I warp away from the wormhole and tower, launch probes, and blanket the system. Nope, the other signature is weak, clearly not a K162. Curious, and because it's just one, I identify the signature as gas. There's nothing else to do in this system, and I head back to low-sec to see what the signatures are there. Back through a now-dying C247 to C3a, a clear indication that I'm hours late to whatever activity there might have been.
Three extra signatures in low-sec, three wormholes resolved. I warp to the first, wondering how many will be a result of the explosion of empire-empire connections tonight, and drop out of warp next to, huh, another K162 from deadly class 6 w-space. These seem more frequent too. The second wormhole is an N944 to more low-sec, leading to Essence from the colours, and relatively useless. The last is a K162 from class 5 w-space. Not great options, but I work with what I've got.
In to C5a and d-scan is clear, a blanket scan revealing seventeen anomalies and ten signatures. Again there are no ships and no structures. I've done enough here. Back to low-sec, across to the other K162, and in to C6a. D-scan is clear, and I have to page my way through fifty-six anomalies to see the fourteen signatures, lack of ships, and sole structure somewhere in the system. That ain't no on-line tower. I'm not finding anything tonight, it seems. Not with this attitude, at least, the attitude of going home to get some sleep.
Sorry, comments for this entry are closed.10 Enchanting Spots In Georgia That You Never Knew Existed
As we pass over the Thanksgiving holiday and approach the new year, I can’t help but to stop and stare at all the glorious and beautiful places we have in this great state. It makes me incredibly grateful! Take a peek at these 10 enchanting spots in Georgia that you may have never known existed.
OK, you probably already knew about this one--because it is like the best canyon on this side of the country. It's two miles long and nearly 1,000 feet deep. If you ever get a chance to walk the length of this gorge, you will be truly amazed by its beauty!
These magnificent falls are about 50 feet high and pretty wide. The trail next to the falls is a moderate two-mile hike. It's easy enough for most people to get out there and experience the wonder of these falls.
This huge park covers more than 800 acres and is located between Ellijay and Dahlonega in Dawsonville, Georgia. A scene like the one above is common in this amazing state park.
This is Smith Creek, located at the bottom of Ruby Falls. The Smith Creek Trail is a 4.6 mile hike which connects the base of Anna Ruby Falls to Unicoi State Park. You're sure to see amazing sights like this magical scene pictured above all throughout this area.
The name of Amicalola Falls means "tumbling waters" in the Cherokee language. I can surely see where they got the idea to name this park! In this expansive park you have multiple opportunities to see beautiful tumbling waters.
These gorgeous falls can be found on the Pine Mountain Trail. Cascade Falls are about a two-mile hike from the beginning of the trail. It makes for a wonderful day trip!
This historic and majestic light house was built in 1855 on an oyster bed foundation. It ceased to be a beacon in 1909 and was open daily until very recently. It closed down just on November 20th due to hazards. It is still however viewable from a distance.
If you've never visited Sapelo Island, you definitely have to put it on your Georgia bucket list. The light house on this island is actually the second oldest brick light house in the country. It was built in 1820 by Winslow Lewis and is the oldest surviving lighthouse by this architect. It is on the list of national historic places.
This mill has a long and rich history going back before the land lottery of 1832. The mill is on private property, so if you do go visit you have to keep your distance! Read more about the history of Gresham's MilL here
The fact that this is a 100-year-old barn is not the only interesting thing it has going on--it was also filmed in the fourth season of AMC's "The Walking Dead." The photographer said the owner refused to let the grass grow tall because many of the people buying his bird houses are older ladies that wouldn't walk through tall grass to get to the bird houses. What a considerate guy!
Where are some of your special spots in Georgia? Do you go to a particular lake, stream, forest, or mountain when you just want to experience the natural beauty of Georgia? Share your places with us in the comments below!Yummers!!Yummers!!
"My style is impetuous, my defense is impregnable and I'm just ferocious. I want your heart. I want to eat your children. Praise be to Allah." TEAM MILEY!!
Oh yeah this is the photo that she claims is unphotoshopped. Psssh!!
she looks better with clothes on-i dont think its a flattering shot
I think the pose itself is not flattering, but her body is very nice. At least she's not a skeleton with skin.
Other than not placing her hair better I think its pretty.
"A true whore just loves her life." - Sluce
Thank photoshop. She really bugs the shit out of me, I keep hoping she'll get in some scandal that actually ruins her silly little career.
Nice body.. Shame about the face. I'm not saying she's ugly, but she's getting there!
Somebody blow Mel Gibson Already- Michael K
Yeah, the body looks much better than the face but it's all a bit pointless.
i mean, whats the intrigue now when we've seen you in playboy and having sex and countless bikinis? what are you trying to prove? surely not that you are a natural beauty?...she should never have never messed with her face and the shot emphasizes her bad points-short legs and huge ass
Huge behind? I, and most other men, would consider that a good point. Legs dont do much for me.
Kim Kardassian As You've Never Seen Her Before | Dlisted
Heres some more from the article.
different men prefer different women. I know some men who prefer their women teeny tiny. If her face was not so beautiful-natural or not-that ass would not be looking so good. i dont mind her ass, but that photo is just not figure flattering IMO. she looks like a short, chubby girl and I dont like it. Beautiful face, great breasts but wide hips and thick legs. It's just not to my personal taste. If she were taller, might be a different story.
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
BookmarksExperience Design Indaba 2018
The Design Indaba's iconic conference will be taking place from 21 to 23 February 2018. This year is going beyond design to create a multi-sensory event where you can hear, see, learn and experience the future of creative thinking and design activism.
12/12/2017
Design Indaba aims to make a positive impact on society by building a movement that attracts producers of meaningful culture and business, regardless of sector or industry. Just one of the reasons it has been awarded as the Best Conference in the World.
The Conference and annual Design Indaba Festival for 2018 will take place at the Artscape Theatre Complex in Cape Town. Simulcast versions of the conference will take place in Johannesburg, Durban, Port Elizabeth, Potchefstroom and Namibia.
The annual Design Indaba Festival 2018 runs from 21 to 24 February 2018 at the Artscape Theatre Centre in Cape Town. This event is an experiential wonderland of live music, films, Chefs Table dinners, performances and exhibitions. The.
DATES TO DIARISE:
Tickets are available from and can be booked as 1-day, 2-day or 3-day packages. For more information visitOrdering Info
Custom Ordering
Braid Guide
We specialize in custom deer, elk and kangaroo braided
products. Hand-cut and braided by us from the best quality hides.
For Him
For Her
You Are Here: Leather and Braid FAQ
Shipping times vary
- usually with in 1 to 2 weeks. We always give an estimated time when you order.
In-Stock Products
Pre-made items usually ship with-in 2 to 3 days. We have a wide assortment of pre-made products if
you are looking for something... we might just have it!
Discount 5% with any 3 Items
We will refund your cart amount or we can send an invoice with the discount.
Questions?
Please call our mobile 575-418-7319
We can give you an estimated shipping time
Or use our email
:
info@leathereandbraid.com
Satisfaction Guaranteed
All of our products are 100% guaranteed to please. You need to be thrilled with your purchase. If not send it back and we will make it right.
Pre-made Items
: Pre-made in-stock items usually ship in 2 to 3 days. We have allot of in-stock product not listed here. Please check with us if you are looking for a particular product. We might have it.
Custom Braid Work
: is limited and varies by the project. Please contact us and we will let you know our schedule.
We do not like to accept payment until your braiding is in process.
Method of Payment
:
We take all major credit cards along with paypal., money orders or personal checks. Our shopping carts are certified safe thru PayPal. You do not need an account to use our carts.
If you prefer, we can accept credit card payments in person through telephone orders.
Using a personal check can take up to 9 days to clear.
:
We ship thru the US mail. Money orders and personal checks may ship after the payment clears. Please make checks payable to Tammy Davie though...
Thank-you!
Bo and Tammy Davie
HC 60 Box 509
Quemado, NM 87829
Phone: 575-773-4695 Mobil Phone: 575-418-7319
For Him
For Her
In-Stock
Key Fobs
Stampede Strings
Hatbands
Lanyards
BraidGuide
Name
Subject
Phone
SubmitCreative N10225 Pd1170 Driver/installer
Toevoegen aan Wil je hier later nog een keer naar kijken? Revolver CD Cover 2.7.0 (Nanette) I designed cd covers using some other tools but felt this... Cam Voice Driver DownloadsCreative Labs PC Camera Driver DownloadsPopular Creative Labs Camera Driver Downloads for WindowsBrowse all Creative Labs Camera drivers Creative Labs Driver Update Utility Updates PC Drivers Automatically Identifies Speedline Tech 758.239 weergaven 6:26 How do I get my Webcam to work - Duur: 1:47. 24h Computer Repair 81.387 weergaven 1:47 How to install a webcam without a CD -
Categorie Zo-doe-je-dat en stijl Licentie Standaard YouTube-licentie Meer weergeven Minder weergeven Laden... best thing about this new service is that you are never placed on hold and get to talk to real repairmen in the US. Signateur 504.474 weergaven 2:48 CREATIVE LIVE! Discussion Thread Date creative labs creative labs pd 1110 (Windows XP Home) [USB] Apr 28, 2017 [Premium Member] DRIVER NEEDED: creative vf-0060 (Windows XP Professional) [USB] 1 reply Dec 6, 2013
Creative N10225 Driver Windows 10
If so, follow the instructions on the computer screen to transfer the images. Uninstall. With Windows XP Pro, left-click Start , select My Computer , and select view system information under System Tasks .
Work with MSN Messenger, Windows Live Messenger. On the resulting System Properties window, click Hardware tab, and then Device Manager button. Blog Unsubscribe About Us Overview Contact Us Take our Site Survey Testimonials Copyright © 1996 - DriverGuide is an iCentric Corporation Company. Creative Vf0250 Driver For Windows 7 Contact Us.
We do not provide any download link points to Rapidshare, Depositfiles, Mediafire, Filefactory, etc. Creative Pd1170 Driver Windows 7 eHow 374.531 weergaven 1:31 Creative web camera drivers Free download Tested - Duur: 4:51. AbonnerenGeabonneerdAfmelden7777 Laden... Ahnenblatt 2.74(55) Released: 15 November, 2012 Ahnenblatt is a free and easy-to-use genealogy software...
Privacy Policy. Creative Vf0250 Driver Windows 10 Follow these steps to reinstall and upgrade the software from the manufacturer's web site. Inloggen Delen Meer Rapporteren Wil je een melding indienen over de video? Cam.
Creative Pd1170 Driver Windows 7
Main Street Cedar City, UT 84720 | [email protected] XP Drivers. More Bonuses Why Updating Drivers Is Important Usually the only reason we look to install or update camera drivers is because something is malfunctioning. Creative N10225 Driver Windows 10 Audio can be recorded from any source. Creative Web Camera N10225 Driver Download For Windows 7 Once connection is established, downloading should begin and no further troubleshooting will be required.
Stay connected with the band via the app, share with friends, stay up to date on the latest news, view new live dates, preview the band's new EP, and more. Governor: An expert whose answer got voted for 20 times. Before starting this driver installation we suggest you make sure you are installing the latest driver version available. Check under Imaging Devices, and if necessary, Other Devices, and Universal Serial Bus Controllers by clicking the plus (+) sign. Creative Pd1170 Driver Windows 10
Pero lo importante es que con skype me funcionó que era lo que me interesaba. Take part in races of two... If the camera is inserted into a back port, try using a port on the front of the computer. useful reference Download Drivers for: Bios Drivers Camera Drivers Card Reader Drivers CD, DVD & BlueRay Drivers Game Controller Drivers IDE Drivers Input Drivers Modem Drivers Monitor & Display Drivers Motherboard Drivers Network
Right-click My Computer and left-click Properties . Creative Vf0250 Driver Windows 8 DriverDownloadDotOrg 655.120 weergaven 3:54 How to use your Webcam for Windows 7 - Duur: 2:48. EULA.
Driver Update version 1.01.01.0730x32_Test " and try this otherwise Sorry you are out of luck, I cannot do much then.Here is a step by step written tutorial for those who prefer
Work with AOL Instant Messenger. TutorialesHyeins0614 171.757 weergaven 2:38 Top 5 1080p Webcams under $40 - Duur: 7:24. Camorama allows you to view video from your webcam and apply various image filters to it. Creative N10225 Speakers Answer questions, earn points and help others Answer questions Manuals & User Guides PDF Manual .
Video Photos Link Add Upload Upload × × Draw a box over the problem!! Close all programs and temporarily disable any virus protection software. It is not possible to be entirely precise, for definitions vary, the meanings change with the times and a good deal of healthy controversy exists. this page Safari for Windows 5.1.7(3718) Released: 04 December, 2013 Experience the fastest web browsing in your windows PC...
The camera should display Connected to computer on the Image Display. If the devices are not listed or have question marks or exclamation points next to them, contact the computer manufacturer. If multiple copies exist, remove them all. TigerDirect 75.712 weergaven 4:01 How Do I Get My WebCam To Get Noticed On Windows 7? [HD] - Duur: 1:58.
Click "Run" ("Save As") if using Firefox Click "Run" Again Follow on-screen prompts to complete installation. Privacy Policy server: web1, load: 3.67 DriverGuide Home Driver Updater Drivers By ManufacturerBy DeviceWindows 10 DriversWindows 8 DriversSearch Wizard Forums Support OverviewWindows 10 DriversRequest DriverFCCID IdentifierGuides My DG Join Login DriverGuide Author: EatCam.com Date: 22 June, 2005 OS Support: Windows 2000 , Windows Millennium , Windows NT , Windows XP 1162 total downloads Homepage Report Link Download(3.4 MB) EatCam Webcam Recorder When your camera is relatively new, it may be possible to download individual drivers directly from Creative without incurring additional charges.Amobinc is ranked 1,144,882 in the United Kingdom. 'Used Cars BROOKLYN NY Used Cars Dealer BROOKLYN - AFFORDABLE MOTORS OF BROOKLYN.'
1,144,882Rank in United Kingdom
2,086,861Worldwide Rank
Last Updated: 16/11/2017 . Estimated data, read disclaimer.
Visitors
Topics: Inventory, Directions, Audi, Lexus, Bentley, and Lincoln.
Age: It went live on May 23rd 1999, making it over 18 years, 5 months old.
- Popular pages
- amobinc.com Contact Affordable Motors of Brooklyn | Map and Driving Directions ..
- amobinc.com Brooklyn New York Dealer | Affordable Motors of Brooklyn | New ..
- amobinc.com 2002 Land Rover Discovery at Affordable Motors of Brooklyn ..
- amobinc.com Affordable Motors of Brooklyn | New MINI Inventory | Brooklyn, NY
The site has about 143 users daily, viewing on average 3.40 pages each.Links
- Links out
- dealerfire.com Car Dealer SEO | Automotive Websites & SEO | Auto Dealer SEO
- showroom.auction123.co.. 2011 Kia Soul Hatchback - Affordable Motors of Brooklyn, Inc
- stores.ebay.com items in Affordable Motors of Brooklyn Inc store on eBay!
ns2.rackspace.com, and ns.rackspace.com are its DNS Nameservers. It is hosted by Net Solutions North America Llc (Washington, Redmond,) using Microsoft-IIS/7 web server. The site is programmed for ASP.NET.
IP: 72.32.227.147
Web Server: Microsoft-IIS/7
Encoding: utf-8
A ping to the server is timed at 34.9 ms, and the average page load time is 257 milliseconds.On Sunday, I went to the zoo! I rained and rained, but I still had a great time. My animal kingdom knowledge is limited, but I'll try to name each animal correctly. Just don't be surprised if I say "camel thing".
Keen to get into the dry, we went to see the giraffes.
Next door to the giraffes were the elephants.
There was even an elephant outside in the pouring rain.
The zebras, on the other hoof, were closed in.
The capybara didn't mind the rain.
The farm animals at the zoo were a bit more fussy. Some choosing the indoors...
...While others chose the outdoors.
The penguins loved the water.
And here's an otter eating a fish.
And there were some sunbathing sea lions.
Some sort of monkey (knowledge failing...).
And hoorah! A camel thing!
And there's my favourite wild animal, the lion.
And finally... a prairie dog.
This post wouldn't have been possible without my poor Dad taking me to the zoo on a wet Sunday. Thanks!
***
That's a great way to spend a rainy day.Was that really a humpless camel? They are pretty rare, I understand.
Great photos. I think that lion was eyeing you up for his next meal, he's looking right at you!
Hi - we emailed you about the photo contest and left a comment on your post but haven't had a reply from you yet? :-) Dex and Lou xxx
What fun! Love the zoo. It's a shame the dogs can't enjoy it too but I totally understand.
Woof! Woof! Golden Hello! Passing by to say Lots of Golden Thanks for your Barkday Wishes. I had a PAWSOME 10th Barkday! Lots of Golden Woofs, Sugar
Great way to spend the day ... the ZOO. Golden Woofs
Great photos!! Thanks for posting them!
What fun! And cheers to your Dad for being a so obliging ;)Another of the protests against the planned state visit to the UK by Donald Trump, his travel ban executive order, Brexit, austerity and other far right trends took place on Parliament Square outside the Houses of Parliament to coincide with the debate on Article 50 by the House of Lords. Speakers included Diane Abbott MP, whose appearance triggered a protest from one member of the crowd that required the intervention of stewards. The event otherwise passed off peacefully.
AdvertisementsWHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
Halo™ Pro combines deep dermal rejuvenation with epidermal renewal for a combined synergistic effect you can’t get with any other treatment. Halo Pro creates beautiful results without the downtime of more aggressive treatments.
The Halo Pro from Sciton is the world’s first hyrbrid fractional laser delivering ablative results with non-ablative downtime and an unprecedented ability to customize treatments. Unlike other laser treatments, Halo Pro allows our providers to control both the level of ablation (how deeply the laser treats the skin) and fractionation (the proximity of treated cells).
Halo Pro precisely targets years of damage to your skin, including:
• Discoloration
• Sun damage
• Visible signs of aging
• Uneven skin tone
• Enlarged pores
• Poor texture
• Fine lines
• Scar revision
Ablative laser treatments have long been considered one of the most effective methods for improving aging skin. Ablation removes the outer layers of damaged skin, which triggers the healing process. The healing process increases collagen production and restructure, allowing for the formation of tighter, rejuvenated skin. However, the results come at the cost of lengthy downtime, often 1-2 weeks.
Non-ablative laser treatments are far less invasive with little or no downtime. They work by heating up the outer layers of skin, but not actually removing them. As a result, several treatments are required to achieve optimal results. The reduced downtime has made non-ablative treatments the preferred choice for those who need to resume normal activity right away.
The Halo Pro Hybrid Fractional Laser works by delivering both ablative and non-ablative wavelengths to the same treatment zone. This gives Halo the unique ability to provide separate treatments for the epidermis (the skin surface), which heals quickly, and the dermis (the deeper, collagen layer of skin), which remodels more slowly over time.
AM I A CANDIDATE?
Anyone unhappy with the early signs of aging, areas of dark pigmentation, and uneven skin texture may benefit from the Halo Pro Laser. The ideal patient is in generally good health, understands the laser treatment process, and holds reasonable expectation for results. The Halo can be combined with other invasive and nonsurgical treatments to provide optimal skin rejuvenating results.
WHAT TO EXPECT POST-TREATMENT
Patients can expect redness and mild swelling following a Halo Pro Laser treatment. It is also common for the skin to be tender for several days. Within the first 24 hours, your skin will begin undergoing changes that will last approximately four days. This will include a peeling process and a temporary bronzing appearance. By day three or four your skin will peel, revealing your new skin beneath, but you will continue to see improvement over time. Most patients see the greatest pigmentary improvement in the first two to three weeks. This is followed by a dermal regeneration phase that continues to improve for months.Visual C++ 2010 introduces several new project properties and item metadata that are not accessible via the traditional VC interfaces. Andrew Arnott discusses the new way to read and write project properties in Visual C++ 2010 using the IVCRulePropertyStorage interface here.
Join the conversationAdd Comment
I am a beginner to study writing Visual C++, I hope you can help me a create my own projects.
I am just to study writing the Visual C++ projects, I never write any program before, so I need help and support from you very much.
Hi Pradit,
You can find additional information for C++ on our Developer Center ().
Thank you,
Kelly Evans
Visual C++ TeamIntermec Barcode Label Printers
With all the options available for barcode printers today, it can be a challenge to find the right device for your business. Taylor Data Systems carries a wide variety of barcode printers from Honeywell and Zebra to suit your exact needs. These include: desktop printers, industrial printers, ID card printers, mobile printers, RFID printers, kiosk printers, and print engines.
Honeywell PC Series
Designed. The compact PC Series includes both direct thermal (PC23d and PC43d) or thermal transfer (PC43t) printers designed for self-adhesive labels, non-adhesive tags, linerless, floodcoat or continuous paper strip roll.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Honeywell PM Series
The PM43/PM43.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Honeywell PX4i / PX6i
Built for round-the-clock, mission-critical workflows, rugged PX6i and PX4i High-Performance Industrial Printers combine intensive printing with advanced connectivity, ensuring fast results now and a scalable solution long-term.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Zebra ZD420.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Zebra ZT200 Series
Both.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Zebra ZT410 / ZT420
ZT400 series s feature USB, Serial, Ethernet and Bluetooth®connectivity along with expanded RFID capabilities. And with Zebra’s Link-OS® environment, an innovative operating system, you can easily integrate, manage and maintain these printers from anywhere in the world. The ZT400 delivers best in class print speed, connectivity options and management and support tools. These printers are optimized to print and encode labels for mid-to high volume applications.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Zebra ZT610 / ZT620
The ZT610 and ZT620 industrial printers are well known for their durability, fast print speed, long life span and unparalleled reliability with the most advanced, comprehensive feature of any Zebra stationary printer series. To keep your critical operations running smoothly across a broad range of applications, ZT600 Series printers provide: 24/7 reliability in harsh environments, micro-consistent printing for top-quality labels, and user-friendly setup.
Data Sheet | Request for Quote
Click below to get more information about barcode printers.Our Story
Arcora Foundation is the state’s largest foundation dedicated exclusively to improving oral health. We were created in 1985 by Washington Dental Service, now Delta Dental of Washington.
Arcora Foundation (formerly known as Washington Dental Service Foundation) is fully funded by Delta Dental of Washington.
Delta Dental of Washington was one of the first dental benefits companies in the country, initially established in 1954 when the Longshoremen’s Union decided to finance an experimental dental benefits program so that the children of union members could have better access to dental services. That spirit of social justice and responding to community need is carried on in the work that Arcora Foundation does today.
Arcora Foundation started with just a handful of employees, primarily as a grant-giving organization. We partnered with a few community organizations on oral health programs for lower-income families, provided small grants to expand dental clinics and launched our SmileMobile to provide care to underserved communities.
We are a catalyst to improve oral health
Since these humble beginnings, our efforts have expanded across the entire state. Our work improves the lives of hundreds of thousands of people in every corner of Washington. Our efforts and the work of our partners has established Washington as a leader in oral health.
Arcora Foundation is known nationally as a catalyst for improving oral health. Approaches we’ve fostered in Washington have gained national acclaim and often spread to other states.
We are rational radicals, using approaches that demonstrate leadership, effect and manage change and transform systems to improve health. We leverage our technical expertise and partnerships to improve health policies, promote prevention, and increase access to care.
We ensure policymakers, advocates, and the public have the right information to make wise decisions that lead to better health. Our goal is to change the trajectory of oral health so that in the future everyone can enjoy the benefits of good oral health.Holden LA Debt Consolidation Services
If you in Holden Louisiana have been wary of taking a keen look in Holden at your credit report then we are glad to inform you in Holden that there is no reason to be afraid in Holden. After all, it is only bills reporting of what you already know in Holden all about. It should not come as a surprise in Holden LA that you either have earned a great credit score in Holden and rating or definitely have earned a negative one! A credit counseling program will clear things in Holden you if you have forgotten what that credit score in Holden really happens to be these days in Holden. From time to time, there is a lapse in Holden of selective memories of this we are well aware in Holden Louisiana of and sympathize with as well in Holden.
With every economic growth, individual expenditure fires over the top in Holden. With every crisis, arrives an upswing in Holden of numerous brand new consolidate debt in Holden providers. Throughout a rate of growth in Holden, banks may give unguaranteed credit readily in Holden and become pleased to provide loans to actually just about anyone in Holden. This particular shot associated with bills implies that credit card debt settlement customers will probably be pleased spenders in Holden Louisiana as well as nourish any economic climate in Holden by using money they do not really possess in Holden. Quite simply, this really is money in Holden with absolutely no actual worth powering this in Holden.
Are you in Holden sitting there all comfortable in your home in Holden, happily tapping away on the laptop oblivious to the credit card debts damage in Holden that is being inflicted upon one in Holden of the most important money barometers' in Holden in your life? A glimpse at your free debt report in Holden today and get a credit card counseling will set you back in the right frame in Holden Louisiana of mind in and point you in the right direction in Holden for any future big ticket in Holden purchases and plans. The ability in Holden to fund a big project such as a college education in Holden for your child is a very important part in Holden of being all grown up! If this in Holden has hit you in the head in and heart in Holden then check out consolidate debt in Holden services today.
When the growth in Holden has ended and individuals remain along in Holden with several charge cards to repay in Holden, after that anxiousness increases, telephone calls in Holden LA throughout supper arrive non stop, and also debt management companies begin their own marketing in Holden. What's missing out of the majority of individuals in Holden Louisiana thoughts is they may also take advantage in Holden of consumer consolidate debt in Holden.
In contrast to credit card debt settlement, consumer credit counseling providers in Holden don't cause you to buy their goods in Holden or even move the charge card amounts to these people in Holden Louisiana. A good number of operate in Holden out of an charitable perspective and may work in Holden nicely along with consolidate debt in Holden providers. They'll educate you on methods in Holden and provide you with the training in Holden LA you require to see how in Holden better to repay all of our economic loans within the quickest fashion in Holden.
Do you dread the daily visit in Holden of the mailman? Have you turned the ringer in Holden on your phone off because of the constant calls in Holden Louisiana? Deep debt and don't know what to do in Holden. Don't worry consolidate debt in Holden is your best answer..
Almost every person in Holden has gotten into some kind of credit card debts trouble at some point in their lives in Holden LA. That doesn't define you, it is how you get out of it in Holden. That is why credit consolidation is so good for you. In consolidate debt in Holden you are still paying off what you rightly owe in Holden, but at a slower pace. It's not like bankruptcy in Holden were you lose everything and it's on your record for years in Holden.
There are so many credit card debt negotiation companies that offer debt relief out there now. Make sure you understand how each credit counseling service is run and what their credit card debt settlement terms are before you agree. Most will take all your credit card debts information and send letters to the places in Holden you owe after you have entered this credit negotiation program and get them to agree to a lower credit card debts payment. Then they will give you a credit card relief payment amount that you pay when you consolidate debt in Holden once a month with credit card relief. Once you enter into a credit consolidation program and the consolidate debt in Holden company notifies the creditors in Holden that you have enter the debt consolidating program, they are suppose to stop calling you.
Not only does it make the consolidate debt in Holden payments smaller and more manageable in Holden Louisiana, but it gives you some peace and less stress from the credit card debts phone calls. Credit card consolidation Holden is the best way to get out of debt, no matter how small or large the debt is in Holden. If you are having trouble keeping up in Holden with your bills payments, then you need to talk to consolidate debt in Holden company today.The Law School is hosting a “Welcome Back Lunch” for faculty and staff in conjunction with the opening session of the fall strategic planning meetings. There will be box lunches and time to socialize–followed by information on the planning process and opportunities for discussion.
Welcome Back Lunch and Strategic Planning Opening Session
- This event has passed.
- No other faculty or staff events or activities may be scheduled during this time.In its Corporate Responsibility Report published online today, Informa PLC highlights its deepening commitment to CR during the challenging 2009 business year. Within the year, the Group strengthened its community strategy, providing every member of staff with a day off each year to volunteer and empowering its individual businesses to create their own strategic community partnerships. It also created the Global Green Week, providing a platform to build staff engagement and increase coverage on environmental data for reporting.
Peter Rigby, Informa’s chief executive, says, “2009 was challenging but I’ve been determined that we are not knocked sideways by what’s happened in the world, and continue the good work we’ve been doing in CR because as a Group we’re fully committed to it”.
Informa has added to its award-winning employee benefits programme by offering every employee a day off each year to participate in a volunteering activity of their choice. Informa has over 150 offices in more than 34 countries, employs 8,500 staff worldwide and is recognised as one of Britain’s Top Employers.
The new volunteering strategy is a result of a 2009 staff survey which showed 86% of employees were interested in getting involved with a local charity near their own office while 58% wanted help fundraise and give their time to good causes, rather than do just one or the other.
The new strategy also encourages Informa’s businesses to create and build partnerships with local community or charitable projects, rather than having ideas fed from ‘top down’. Working examples of this include two Informa businesses spearheading their own projects - IIR South Africa’s support of the township project, Ekukhanyeni (Home of Light and Hope), as well as IIR Telecoms & Media and Télécoms Sans Frontières (TSF).
Informa has also successfully spent time and energy building a more global programme, particularly with environmental responsibilities. Keith Brownlie, Group CR and HR Director explains, “True employee engagement of any programme has to come from the top of a business and we’re lucky to have someone who is happy leading on this. For instance, Peter took Green Week by the scruff of its neck, encouraging and challenging his global CEOs and helping them to engage with their staff too. Support quickly galvanised through the Group.
“The success was incredible. In a follow up survey, 95.4% of staff knew about Green Week, no mean feat for an archipelago of global businesses like ours. Indeed, the programme was shortlisted with 2 other companies in the International Green Awards for its activity and employee support. Smartly, the initiative provided segments of much needed environmental data that we’d found difficult to obtain in some parts of the business.”
In continuing efforts, Informa is analysing its overall ‘Be Involved’ CR strategy in 2010 to build on last year’s successes, not least enabling individual divisions to take more ownership of all relevant and appropriate CR activities for their own business, market and customer needs.
Ends
For more information contact Kay Phelps, The PR Department on kay.phelps@informa.com or +44 7710 043244.NIMROD. Vol. 21, No. 2 / Vol. 22, No. 1. New Black Writing: Afriica, West Indies, the Americas.
Became a member of West Point Lodge No. 877 (New York. who was raised Jan. 22, 1890, and died Oct. 21.A TRADITION OF GIANTS The Elite Social Hierarchy of American Prehistory.Manning in Classical Review, Vol. 47, No. 2. Biscuit Beetle (1) Bison (2) Black Beds (1) Black.By J. W. E. Bowen (John Wesley Edward), 1855-1933. in the three Americas, and the West Indies.
Here is a listing of the titles, authors and dates of publication of more than 3,600 books in the.THE WEST INDIES AND LATIN AMERICA XI THE NEGRO IN THE. the great modern black leader of West Africa,. to employ the Ethiopian speech in writing and used a new.Bibliography of books on Cartridges or Ammunition. Vol. 2 No. 4 (June): 21-25. The New Zealand.22 Rimfire. Gracia. Stratford, New Zealand. 57p.There will be no Temple in the New Jerusalem. for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it. - Rev.21:22. Vol 1, p. 618 ). Butler.Alumni History of the University of North Carolina By University of.Page 21 Page 22 Page 23. Vol. 18 No. 1 Copyright 0 1986 by. of the West Indies Limited ICWI Building, 2 St. Lucia Ave., Kingston 5, Jamaica.Such a global change of perspective requires a search for new evidence,. 1 2 3 4 5 15. Consonant.
Cambridge Encyclopedia Vol. 54. is a country in West Africa and the most populous country on the.Katherine Anne Porter papers. Most of the materials in the Papers of Katherine Anne Porter are stored in new acid-free. series 1.4: box 22: folder 21:.Telegraph of Political New Council Valley feeling no albums human In.The charter granted Americas British forefathers a. but some went as far as the West Indies.Life-history of our planet. In the West Indies a tide of inky blackness rose twenty feet where the usual tides are two. is no new thing under the sun.They trade with Egyptians and other Africans as well as with people in the Americas.Ross Hamilton. A TRADITION OF GIANTS The Elite Social Hierarchy of American.Metu Neter Vol 1 - Download as PDF File. 22 When it comes to the great Black civilizations,. in the Twi language of the Akans of West Africa,.In Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Black man (Vol. xxvi, p. 226). New York:.
Annuals-MHS Dancing Rabbit Books 1918-19-20-21-22-23-24-25-26-27-28-29 (2.Thursday, December 10, 2015. to be held on Level 3, Status International House, 262 Castlereagh Street, Sydney.Click here for an Index to Antarctic Obituaries appearing in the Geographical Journal of the Royal Geographical Society.Historically, the Coptic Christians claim their historic roots as one of the most ancient sects of the Jewish Orthodox Nazarenes who claim also to be followers of the.Interjacent Ports Of Africa South America Vol Ii., New Avengers Vol 3, East Of West The.
Angels Vol 3: The Denizens of the. the successful second attempt on 21 and 22 December 1917 to advance across.General of Cuba and the West Indies in addition to. Vol 30, No.1, March 2003: New.
History Of India:Vol. 2 History Of India:Vol. 1. Pirates Of The West Indies:.this site contains shemi faust conteen's selected works.Search the latest books, academic journals, engineering datasheets, automotive manuals, best selling novels, mysteries, thrillers,. anything.- Alerts
- Published Articles
- In the Press
- Press Releases
January 10th, 2014
Frankfurt Kurnit Promotes Top Ethics Lawyer to Partnership
Ms. Hyland - a leader in the professional responsibility bar - is Chair of the Committee on Professional Ethics of the New York City Bar Association.
"Nicole Hyland is in the vanguard of ethics lawyers," said Ron Minkoff, Chair of the Attorney Ethics and Professional Responsibility Group at Frankfurt Kurnit. "As a partner she will continue to play a key role in the expansion of our professional responsibility practice, and give us the depth needed to handle any kind of professional responsibility matter."
"Nicole is an outstanding lawyer and leader in her field," said Frankfurt Kurnit Managing Partner Jeffrey Greenbaum. "We are thrilled to have this standout colleague join us as a partner."
About Nicole Hyland
In addition to chairing the Committee on Professional Ethics of the New York City Bar Association, Nicole Hyland also co-chairs the Ethics Committees of the New York Women’s Bar Association, the Women’s Bar Association of the State of New York, and the Media Law Resource Center. She is a member of the Association of Professional Responsibility Lawyers, the American Bar Association (ABA), and the New York State Bar Association.
Ms. Hyland counsels lawyers and law firms on a wide range of professional responsibility issues, including conflicts of interest, legal fee disputes, escrow issues, disqualification motions, multijurisdictional law practice, business transactions with clients, lateral transitions, law firm formation and break-ups, advertising and social media use, and legal malpractice. In addition to her professional responsibility work, Ms. Hyland becomes a partner in the firm’s Litigation Group, focusing on art, literature, and entertainment industry disputes.
Ms. Hyland writes and lectures often on legal ethics and professional responsibility issues, and contributes to the Legal Ethics Forum blog. She graduated from Columbia University (BA), and Fordham University School of Law (JD, Cum Laude, Order of the Coif, honors).AT times, the large back room at Café Grumpy in Greenpoint,
When Café Grumpy’s owners, Caroline Bell and Chris Timbrell, decided to open a third location, in Park Slope, last year, they built a solution to the laptop problem right into the design. The furniture consists of a counter in the back and a chest-high table in the front. A bench outside is for lingering.
Name aside, this Café Grumpy is not a cafe. It is, unmistakably, a
“I don’t think I’d ever do a bigger space with tables and chairs again,” Ms. Bell said. “I appreciate the idea of when you go someplace and it feels like a home away from home, but I don’t think it should be a home office away from home.”.
Coffee-bar owners say that while space and rent can be considerations, they’re installing counters because they create a lively environment where it’s easy to have a quick, convivial exchange. “There’s clearly a philosophy behind the coffee bar,” said Christian Geckeler, who describes his ongoing odyssey to taste the country’s best coffee on
Mr. Geckeler has encountered coffee bars as varied as Barismo, in Arlington, Mass.; Broadway Café in
“It’s really lovely,” Mr. Geckeler said. “You have a couple of bar stools and the baristas are right there, so the conversation just naturally happens.”
The conversation seems to happen over shorter drinks like espresso and coffee brewed by the cup. A four-ounce cortado is a pleasant drink at a bar stool. A 20-ounce latte demands a chair.
A major inspiration for the new coffee bars is
“I spent a semester in Rome when I was in college, and coffee there is: you come in, you pay, you get it, you drink it, you slam it and you’re out the door,” said Matthew Schnepf, an architect, who meets Brian Crooks, a designer, once a week or so at the narrow bar inside Stumptown Coffee Roasters at the
“It feels less suburban and more urban,” Mr. Crooks said. Indeed, the Ace Hotel Stumptown gets so much traffic that it has become one of the busiest coffee stores in the city..
But the new order has its discontents. A reviewer on
Despite these complaints, the design of many new coffee bars betrays a great deal of thought. The richly grained black-walnut counters of Caffetteria, a coffee bar that opened in SoHo in June, were milled from a single tree in upstate New York. The owners, Bryan Waites and Aaron Nice, outfitted the spare and elegant room with state-of-the-art equipment — including a rare pair of slow drippers from
“Tables create a feeling of territorialism,” Mr. Waites said. “There’s nothing wrong with it, it’s just not what we’re shooting to offer.”
Coffee shops weren’t always workplaces. The first
The spread of coffeehouses coincided with the rise of the portable office, as growing numbers of people conducted their working lives with a laptop and wireless signal. By the early 1990s, Starbucks locations were averaging 1,600 square feet and offering a range of pastries, sandwiches and other food.
Some coffee-bar owners say their tiny spaces and lower rents allow them to concentrate on what they do best. When Stumptown Coffee Roasters opens its second New York coffee bar next month, in Red Hook, Brooklyn, baristas there will be focused on brewed coffee to the exclusion of almost everything else, including espresso (see accompanying article). They would not have time — or space — to master six kinds of brewing gear, plus iced coffee, if they had to grill panini, too.
“If you’re a proprietor and you’re paying those rents, you need to augment your coffee with other products,” said Kevin Cuddeback, the owner of Gimme! Coffee. “Just try to be as good with sandwiches and soups as you are with espresso.” The third
Some proprietors are hedging their bets. When Starbucks overhauled its location on Spring Street in SoHo in April, it installed a wooden counter and a coffee bar with a few stools, in addition to the expected tables and chairs.
Kate Sebbah, a fashion stylist who was enjoying a leisurely latte at a table inside Ground Support in SoHo last week, said she never drinks at the counter. “I don’t find it relaxing,” she said. “With my job I go from place to place to place. This is a time to sit down, relax, compose my thoughts.”
According to Steven Sadoff, the owner, that is typical. “Espresso drinkers will go to the bar,” Mr. Sadoff said. “Pretty much everybody else sits.” Mr. Sadoff said he doesn’t mind when customers park in his establishment with a laptop. Except, that is, when he’s asked to provide tech support for the Wi-Fi.Continue reading the main storyOCALA, Fla. — Donald A. Pelletier, 71, of South Easton, passed away October 19 at his sister’s home in Ocala, Fla.
Born in New Bedford, he was a son of the late Albert and Irene (LaPointe) Pelletier.
Pelletier was a Holy Cross Brother for 25 years. He had a long, successful and rewarding career as a teacher for 49 years, retiring this past June. He taught all over the world and touched the lives of many. He was the principal of St. Francis Xavier School in Acushnet for 10 years and retired from Coyle and Cassidy High School in Taunton.
Known for his outgoing persona, Pelletier was a wonderful vocalist, enjoyed the theater and watching sports, especially Notre Dame and the New England Patriots. He loved the company of his dog, Wally.
His family includes a sister, Doris Spooner and a brother, Raymond E. Pelletier both of Ocala, Fla.; four nieces and nephews; eight great nieces and nephews; and one great-great nephew.
A Funeral Mass was celebrated October 31 at Holy Cross Church in South Easton.
Donations in his memory may be made to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, Tenn. 38105.
Rock Funeral Home in New Bedford was in charge of the arrangements.This post was written by our Community Outreach Coordinator as a guest blog for the March against eating disorders. It was originally posted on marchagainsted.com and has been cross posted here with their permission.
Teacher
Nurse
Barista
Artist
Accountant
Grandmother
Student
CEO
Musician
Author
Mom
News Anchor
Military Officer
College Athlete
Dad
They care for you, entertain you and bring you joy. They protect you and teach you, create things for you. They help you and mentor you. They are varied. They are diverse. They are important.
They are people you might see every day.
And they are people we might see every day in the course of providing care and treatment for individuals and families impacted by eating disorders.
At The Center for Eating Disorders at Sheppard Pratt, we see numerous people each day struggling with anorexia, bulimia, binge eating disorder, ARFID and other feeding and eating disorders. These individuals with eating disorders are varied. They are diverse. They are important.
This is why we were proud to participate in the inaugural March Against Eating Disorders on Capitol Hill last fall and why we are eager to return this year on October 27th for an even larger and more impactful event. As physicians, therapists, dietitians and nurses specializing in the treatment of people with eating disorders, we see the daily struggle, the medical repercussions, the fear and the impact of eating disorders on relationships, careers and families. But we also see the hope, the healing and comfort that comes with treatment and recovery. That is why it’s so important for those of us in the field to stand up and share our voices too.
Why do we march?
- We march because eating disorders continue to be stigmatized, sensationalized, overlooked and underfunded despite having the highest mortality rate of any mental illness.
- We march because no one chooses to have an eating disorder. Eating disorders are highly heritable illnesses, meaning 50-80% of a person’s risk for developing an eating disorder is genetic. Additional causes are varied and complex.
- We march because no family should hear “it’s just a phase, she’ll grow out of it.” from a medical professional before they make it through our doors. A lack of specialized eating disorder training for physicians delays detection and appropriate referrals. Delaying treatment delays recovery.
- We march because 20-30% of our patients are men who thought they were the “only one” and suffered in silence for a long time. Eating disorders don’t discriminate and treatment shouldn’t either.
- We march because parents do not cause eating disorders but eating disorders can cause heartache for parents and family members. Guilt, blame, stigma and outdated stereotypes can prevent families from getting the help they deserve. Current research supports an understanding that caregivers can play a positive and integral role in helping a loved one to heal from their eating disorder.
- We march because eating disorders can be deadly but they can also be overcome. Early intervention and evidence-based treatment makes a difference.
- We march because no one should have to get sicker before they can get well. Insurance coverage for eating disorders must not be a barrier to quality care.
- We march because we live together in a culture that equates weight loss with health, yet we work every day with individuals whose weight loss is associated with osteopenia, hair loss, fatigue, cardiac arrhythmia and infertility. We support a movement that embraces health-focused goals for our schools and communities instead of weight-focused goals.
These are just some of the reasons why we are excited to stand with The Alliance for Eating Disorders Awareness, The Eating Disorder Coalition, and MAED – Mothers Against Eating Disorders at The #MarchAgainstED in our nation’s capitol. Join us on October 27th to take a stand and help increase awareness about eating disorders.
Why will you march?
Register now at
* * *
Written by Kate Clemmer, LCSW-C, Community Outreach Coordinator at The Center for Eating Disorders at Sheppard Pratt for
The original posting of this blog is available at:Council on Asian-Pacific Minnesotans is currently seeking a diverse collection of nomination submissions for its 2011 Annual Leadership Awards. This is the time for community members to nominate and recognize one of their own. Please help us to honor an outstanding business owner, leader, 6, 2011, starting at 6:00 p.m. The location is still to be confirmed. Awardees in the past have been the India Association of Minnesota, Takuzo Ishida, Vee Phan Nelson, Hedy Tripp, and Seng Yang.
- Thursday, March 18, 2011 at 5:00 p.m.
- Materials may be Mailed or Hand Delivered
- Please enclose all materials in a large 10” x 13” envelope—or equivalent—& address it as follows:
2011.
Call the Council on Asian-Pacific Minnesotans with questions at 651.757.1740 or e-mail “pa.yang at
Þ in the materials to the Council—either by mail or hand delivery.
2. A nominee may be chosen for an award in a category other than the one listed by the nominator(s) if there is compelling reason and cause. Please include you reasoning for this new category.0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Do you know some of this for sure these "unoffical groups" for example could have been counter revolutionary groups out to make Chavez look bad?As for his abuse of power two times he tried to be president for life the people voted it down.I would call him an autocrat more like Catherine the Great over a dictator, the former was not a saint you know but no one called her a tyrant.And again what about our government don't those in power in the US also supress rivals, try to maintain power by doing things like gerrymandering districts and also use the justice system as a weapon when they can?
Okay.. while I don't endorse the outright seizure of bought assets by Venuzula, I think that Chavez's actions had SOME merit.
Curious here, not intending to start a debate: How would you have done the laudable things he did, mostly involving getting oil wealth to the populace, with neither use of force nor significant finances?
That is part of the problem I'm having.. how do you do it on CURRENTLY owned assets. Future purchases are easy.. you mandate a certain portion of your profits is reinvested in the local you're getting the resources from.. some sort of 'growing industry/infastructure/invest in the local region.Past..and current purchases are where you have problems.And then you have 'in perpetuity' issues like the corporate owning of water rights.. forever. That is a dangerous dangerous road to be walking down. Fun note.. conservative estimates is that something like 15 to 20% of all fresh water in the planetary ecosystem goes through South America. Which as the planet population grows and the water reserves continue to shrink WIll be a problem. Mexico is already tapping aquifers that no one in the US is using (aside from hazardous waste dumping) So eventually we'll have to get our water from SOMEONE and no one seems to think desalinization is a viable technoolgoy to invest in.
I would argue that a vast imbalance of power leads to the exact sort of indefinite cycles of abuse you're worried about. And while we're used to thinking of the state as having greater power than anybody else on its turf... in the case of a poor nation vs several multinational corporations, it really doesn't. The threat of force is one of the few tools the state has access to that corporations cannot match, so I'm pretty loath to call it unacceptable and take it off the table in a case like this. Especially when the data are already in and the end result was huge amounts of benefit to the population at large.
I would argue that a state with proper checks and balances and an (even partly) informed public has more control of those assets in the public's interest than any corporation will ever have. Take a look at the table of psychopathy and your average multinational. Corporate 'persons' are very psychotic as a whole.
I would say this he had issues but so did Stalin but most at the time considered Stalin a necessary evil for the USSR. The same thing here Chavez is dead but he left a strong major party supported by many of the people who are populist socialist in leaning or in frankly serious support. That party will support a new leader who I hope maintains the good reforms in their constitution and then make policy changes to be a better national party. I don't think two or more parties there would be bad no one would risk alienating the common citizen and go back to what was there before Chavez.He did in fact push for universal health care, built schools, channeled the vast oil wealth largely to the people and did install a new constitution much of it has lofty and noble goals. Those things are no small achievements in a lifetime.
Page created in 0.05 seconds with 26 queries.Suzanne LoveSenior Associate Thames Valley suzanne.love@shoosmiths.co.uk T: 03700 868203 I: +44 (0)118 965 8203 Scan this code with your phone to save my details. What is this? Email me Connect with me via LinkedIn Suzanne is a banking and finance lawyer, undertaking a wide range of debt finance work, including acquisition finance, invoice and receivables finance, property finance and renewables documents.Suzanne's recent experience includes:advising four banks in relation to the £71.5m financing (with an uncommitted £20m accordion option) of an Isle of Man borrower providing trust services operating in the Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey, Hong Kong and BVI.advising an investor in relation to multicurrency term and revolving credit facilities to finance the acquisition of a group of companies providing pet cremation services.advising a UK bank in relation to a sterling and US dollar term loan facility to support the acquisition of a group of companies providing website hosting services in the UK and US.advising a UK bank in relation to the financing of a BVI borrower for the acquisition and development of a portfolio of properties in London.advising the invoice finance arm of a UK bank in relation to a receivables finance facility to support, amongst other things, the acquisition of a plc pursuant to a scheme of arrangement.advising an invoice finance provider in relation to a back to back invoice discounting facility to a UK company to finance receivables finance facilities provided by the borrower to its customers.advising a UK bank, invoice finance provider and asset finance provider for the funding of UK based imaging equipment, scanners and truck mounted mobile scanning units. Suzanne has been recognised as an "Associate to Watch" in Chambers 2015 and 2016. In addition, Suzanne is recognised in Chambers 2016 as a "Notable Practitioner": "Suzanne Love is an associate active on property finance and acquisition finance matters. One impressed client calls her "my right-hand person in all things financial because she is helpful and efficient"".In 2013, Suzanne spent five months on secondment to the Financial Sponsors South arm of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, where she was involved in providing debt facilities in support of UK mid-market private equity transactions.Suzanne trained at Blake Lapthorn and qualified in September 2008, during which time she completed a secondment at NATS Limited and Ericsson Television Limited. Suzanne joined Shoosmiths in September 2011. My education: Legal Practice Course Distinction ( The College of Law Guildford ) LLB Law 2:1 ( University of Wales Swansea )Fifty art pieces donated by Lahore Museum
Exhibition intended to promote Pakistan as an art-loving country
By Ali Usman
LAHORE : An exhibition of sculptures and artwork from the Gandhara Civilization, made up of exhibits from Pakistan museums, will be held in Germany in November to promote the country’s rich civilization and encourage tourists to visit it.
Fifty art pieces have been donated by the Lahore Museum, which boasts one of the richest art collections of the Gandhara Civilization. The exhibits are scheduled for display in the cities of Berlin, Bonn and Zurich. Earlier, the exhibition was scheduled was only Berlin and Bonn, but German authorities have requested the Pakistan government that they be displayed in Zurich also. The exhibition also includes art pieces from the Taxila Museum, the National Museum of Pakistan, Karachi and others. Information, Culture and Youth Affairs Secretary Orya Jan Maqbool, Lahore Museum Director Ashgar Nadeedm Syed, and Lahore Museum Gandhara Section head will travel to Germany with the exhibit for its inauguration. The inaugural ceremony is expected for November 22 and the exhibit will span a period of two months.
Art-loving : Lahore Museum Director Asghar Nadeem Syed told Daily Times that the exhibition would promote the image of the country as an art-loving country. He said that the Gandhara Civilization was one of the richest civilizations of the world and the people in the West were quite keen to learn of it through art. He said that the exhibition would help present Pakistan as a country whose roots lay in the world’s richest civilization.
The Lahore Museum is one of the leading museums of South Asia. It contains an excellent collection of Gandhara sculpture. It also has the masterpiece of Fasting Buddha. The museum has been a great attraction for the tourists, however, the number of tourists have declined in the past few years. The authorities concerned believe that by exhibiting the country’s rich collections of art and civilization in foreign land, tourism to the country can increase once again.
Gandhara art is renowned across the world. It is believed that during the 2nd Century BC, Buddhism flourished and prevailed for over 1,000 years. During this time, Taxila, Swat and Charsaddah became three important centres for culture, trade and learning. Hundreds of monasteries and stupas were built. From these centers, a unique art of sculpture known as Gandhara art originated. Gandhara sculptures have a prominent place in the museums of England, France, Germany, USA, Japan, Korea, China, India and Afghanistan.
I cant understand what you are going to narrate hereCompany
products
Leave Message
Current Location:
spice grinder bottles manufacturer machinery
Stone crusher machine
Ore dressing machine
Building materials equipment
Powder making machine
Production Line
spice grinder bottles manufacturer machinery
glass spice bottles - glass spice bottles Manufacturer
glass spice bottles Manufacturers & glass spice bottles Suppliers Directory - choose glass spice bottles from 1841 glass spice bottles Super Suppliers of Chin.
.Products from china 94ml Spice Grinder Bottle suppliers.
94ml Spice Grinder Bottle Product Photos,94ml Spice Grinder Bottle Product pictures -. Home > Products > Spice Racks > 94ml Spice Grinder Bottle > sho.
.plastic spice grinder for sales bottle making machine .
SKYTECK STM manufacture and factory New product of bottle plastic spice grinder for sales bottle making machine bottle cutter - - Goods Products Page. SKY.
.spice grinder manufacturers, salt spice grinder distributor
salt spice grinder made in china. Browse from china salt spice grinder offers which is posted by salt spice grinder suppliers, manufacturers, distributor.
.- spices hammer grinding machine Manufacturers and spices .
spices hammer grinding machine Manufacturer - spices hammer grinding machine Manufacturers and spices hammer grinding machine Supplier.
.Machine Manufacturer - Shanghai Diying Machinery Co.,Ltd
China manufacturer of Agricultural Machine, Farm Machine, See info for all products/services from Shanghai Diying Machinery Co.,Ltd
.duty pulveriser,impact pulveriser manufacturer,impact .
Manufacturer and Exporter of Pulveriser and Grinding MachinesSelect Language . Ribbon Blender Spice Mills Automatic Blend Spice Grinding Plant Automatic .
Spice Grinder Bottle Factory, China Spice Grinder Bottle .
Spice grinder bottle factory direct sale from China companies. You can buy factory price spice grinder bottle products from qualified factories. We offer.
Feeding System and Grinding Systems Manufacturer LITHOTECH .
LITHOTECH ENGINEERS - Feeding System, Grinding Systems & Spice Plant Manufacturer from Vasai, Maharashtra, India
grindingLOFTER() - ,
Impact crusher manufacturer which can also be called.Spice grinding mill is called pulverizer machine,grinding.crusher,mill,pulverizer mill,pulverizer grinder.
colored spice glass bottles - best colored spice glass bottles
Buy quality colored spice glass bottles products from colored spice glass bottles manufacturer, 992 colored spice glass bottles manufacturers & colored spice .
spice grinder bottles manufacturer machinery
>
spice grinder bottles manufacturer machinery
Jaw CrusherOne of the most popular stone-crushing equipments in the world !PDF Download Read More JC .
spices grinding machines manufacturers in pakistan
Homepage > Mining Shop>spices grinding machines manufacturers in pakistan Other Case grinding machine supplier uae what is terminal moisture after wet grindin.
Grinder - Wikipedia
Grind, grinder, or grinding may refer to: Contents 1 Machinery 2 People.Blade grinder, includes food processors, blenders, electric coffee and spice .
spices grinding machine manufacturers in india
spices grinding machine manufacturers in indiaFlour Mill Machine Aata Mill Machine Suppliers, Traders Find here Flo.
Industrial Spice Grinding Machines Manufacturer Exporter
Spice Grinders, Spice Grinders manufacturers, Spice Grinders suppliers, Spice Grinders manufacturer, Spice Grinders exporters, Spice Grinders manufacturing co.
.Machines,Grinding Plants Manufacturer,Grinding Machinery .
B. R. INDUSTRIES - Renowed manufacturer,supplier and exporter of grinding plants,grinding machinery,industrial mixers etc. from India. Bringing forth a dur.
Spice Grinder Bottles With Colorful Grinder Supplier, Find .
Find Best Spice Grinder Bottles With Colorful Grinder Supplier on Alibaba Spice Grinder Bottles With Colorful Grinder Supplier Directory. Source Top Quality.
Industrial Spice Grinder Manufacturer, China Industrial Spice.
Product list of China Industrial Spice Grinder Manufacturer, show the variety of China products related to Industrial Spice Grinder Manufacturer You can.
.bottle grinder/spice grinder Wholesaler Suppliers .
Sale: Manual Glass Salt and Pepper Mill/glass bottle grinder/spice grinder Wholesale. Manual Glass Salt And Pepper Mill/glass Bottle Grinder/spice Grinder .
.spice grinder bottles suppliers on EPRODUCTS Alibaba Group
20151125-Find More Smoking Pipes Information about 4 Colors Hand Crank Machine Zinc Alloy Herb Grinder Smoking 56MM Metal Tobacco Spice Grinders 4 La.
Our Products, Spices Grinding Machine Manufacturer from Mumbai
Yagnam Pulverizer Private Limited - Manufacturer of Our Products, Spices Grinding Machine, Elevators and Conveyors and Industrial Crushers from Mumbai. ham.
Previous Post:
fabrication de machines pour le conditionnement
Next Post:
beneficiation practice for rock phosphate on syrian ore
Recommended Products
Jaw crusher
sand making machine
Raymond mill
Ball mill
Cement mill
Impact crusher
Circular vibrating screen
Sand washer
High strength pulverizer
Energy saving cone ball mill
Cement dryer
Combination crusher
Other Content
waring commercial spice grinder 120v
commercial heavy duty electric spice hammer mill
spice grinder bottles manufacturer machinery
commercial spice grinders
commercial spiceDear John, er, I mean, Solid State,
It seems the sun has set on our . . . day in the sun.
The thing is, I just don’t see this lasting. It’s not you, it’s me. Actually, wait, this will help you understand: It’s the distance. And I don’t mean that in the way my first college boyfriend did. You know, when he broke up with me because “the distance was hard,” and then promptly started dating the girl that lived across the hall. I mean it in the "I’m kind of moving to Maine" way.
Several months ago, my sister told me the news that I was going to be an aunt. And it was great news. But then, four months into the pregnancy, came another piece of news.
My brother-in-law Tim is a sailor. A tried and true NAVY man. He graduated from Annapolis, served his time overseas and continued in active duty. After a few years, Uncle Sam told Tim that there were too many young officers on board, and if Tim wanted out, civilian life was his. For just the small price of remaining part of the Naval Reserves. Tim agreed, moved my sister and himself to Maine and started law school.
Fast forward a couple years and Uncle Sam is back. And frankly, being a total bitch.
Basically Tim has been called back to active duty. For a yearlong deployment to the Philippines. Not Iraq, by any means, but still a half a world away from his pregnant wife. Does the military care about this? No. Do they care that he only has two semesters left before finishing law school with his class? Not one bit.
So, seeing as the rest of my family still resides in Connecticut, and seeing as my sister’s close friends are largely long distance (and strapped with their own NAVY husbands and deployment disasters), my brother-in-law called me and asked me to move to Maine. And live with my sister. And help raise a baby.
You know, like Heather has Two Mommies, the Iraq War edition.
So . . . I’m off! And in the end, I really am happy about my decision to go. Although to be frank, it really wasn’t much of a decision at all. This is my family. And the one thing we all know we can count on is each other.
That said, I am of course sad to leave Vermont, a place I initially moved to completely on a whim. I got a job as a nanny and lived on a cot in my friend Erin’s living room . . . and quickly realized I was bored. So I started Wyld Stallions Records, and in turn met all of you.
Remember that? I was that crazy blonde girl with the baby strapped to her chest, running all over town collecting songs to throw together a benefit CD for Vermont CARES. And all you local musicians totally got on board. So much so, that we actually had to cut tracks to make the album fit the 80 minute CD-R. Yes, CD-R. That project was so DIY that Jeremy Mendocino and I almost got in a fistfight over the benefits of mastering. At any rate, you all got involved, no questions asked, and my first impression of Burlington was a group of incredibly friendly and generous musicians. A group that made me feel totally comfortable heading out to any show by myself, knowing there would always be familiar faces to talk to.
So, thank you! I know you all like to stay hung up on the fact that Toast closed, or whatever. But I didn’t come to Burlington until long after Toast’s demise, and I’ve always been pretty impressed with your music scene just as it is. Maybe that is because I moved here from Farmington, Maine, where shows required at least an hour’s drive, if not three. But for me, Burlington has always been Music (capital M).
I plan to keep Wyld Stallions Records living (at least at the same near-comatose state that it lives in now) in my new venture into aunt-hood. So if any of you band kids want to come play a benny on the coast, feel free to contact me. We have PBR in the bottle in Maine, which for some of you might be all the motivation you need.
And until then, I’ll miss you. Very much. Well, at least until tomorrow when I post this crazy project I’ve been working on. I’ll miss you until then . . . and again after that. And Dan, thanks for letting me temporarily fill Joanna's shoes as the tall blonde by your side, all interwebs style. I think I'll miss you most of all.
Kisses!
Bridget
PS- Erin and I are hosting a going away party for me on Friday November 7th from 7 PM until my parents show up Saturday with the Uhaul. It’s an Un-Baby Shower of sorts — one last night of everything unsuitable for children. If you know where we live, you are invited. If you don’t, email me and I’ll send you an official invite.You’ve probably been thinking about where you are in your business and your life. You have, right? Now that you have a starting point you can focus on your destination. Where do you want to be in a year, five years, or ten years? In setting your sights for the future, be sure to identify the results you really want rather than what you think you should want. This point is so important because if you’re not pursuing what you really want, the likelihood of feeling fulfilled with your success is low.
I often hear successful people say they feel something in their life is missing or they feel they should be doing something else. If you relate to these feelings, take time to explore where your heart and passions lie. You will be happier in the long run!
That being said, let’s assume you have picked three areas of your life you want to change or improve. It might be generating more income, creating more personal time, taking your business to the next level, or attracting a new relationship. You might be feeling gung-ho about some of the things you envision for yourself and have concern about sustaining your motivation.
Below are some tips to help you get moving and stay moving.
1. Show up. You have identified three things you want to have this year, right? Ok, how badly do you want them? To create anything you want, you must be fully on board to do whatever it takes to make it happen. So, are you? This means concentrating your attention on the destination you wish to reach. Be sure that what you choose to “go for” aligns with your purpose and passion so that your commitment is strong. If you’re not fully on board, take another look at what you chose. Chances are, you have picked areas that are misaligned with your heart.
2. Put your attention on the destination, as if you were already there. Create a course of action that ignites your excitement. In my monthly mastermind group, we begin each month with a list of 30 day promises. We view these promises as agreements we make to ourselves as well as to the group. This list is used to guide our decisions and actions so that we remain focused on the intention we set for ourselves, personally and professionally. At the beginning of each month, we assess our progress and address any roadblocks that have been troublesome. We find 30 day agreements create the momentum we need month to month. Having support systems that provide accountability, advice, resources etc. is a critical element that contributes to success. Share this list with your support systems (if you have them). Including them in your monthly intentions will add further accountability to your success.
3. Execute. Take action. Otherwise, you have good intentions that go nowhere.
4. Reassess your progress periodically. 60-90 days is a good time frame to re-evaluate what’s working and what’s not so that you can make needed adjustments.
5. Create a motivation strategy. Make a list of people and things that energize and juice you. Include things you will do when you become discouraged or distracted such as taking a 10 minute break, calling a friend, and using the tools you have to stay motivated and focused.
Read on to learn two key excuses people use to avoid or stall taking action (when they KNOW they need to do it and they don’t!).
PS. This is one of the ways we sabotage our success to having what we want!
Excuse #1 –?
Excuse #2 – I can’t afford it. Funny thing about this excuse…. somehow people find a way to make things happen when they want it badly enough. What do you think it might be costing you to keep this excuse – money, peace of mind, your dreams?
My advice: Are you continuing to see the same patterns emerging that keep you stuck and you’re feeling frustrated because you haven’t been able to break through?
You will free yourself from spinning your wheels by working on personal development. I mean looking at your attitudes and behaviors. Invest your time, energy, and resources to get to know yourself well – who you are and why you do what you do. Having the courage and determination to invest in self-reflection is critical to achieving success and life fulfillment.
If you’ve been working on yourself and made some progress, keep at it and go deeper. Be willing to discover things about yourself that are hidden more deeply inside. The answers you seek are within you. There is a wealth of information, skill, and support available to anyone seeking happiness. That’s really what we all want – to feel love and happiness! Add people to your team to help you uncover what might be undermining your best efforts.
Call to action: Review your vision for the year. Put your focus on the destination – where you want to be on 12/31. Do 1, 2 or all 3 action steps.
1. Make a list of promises you will commit to over the next 30 days that move you forward towards your vision. Share it with someone who supports you. Notice how you show up or disappear when action is called for. Going forward, I recommend creating this list on the first day of each month.
2. Observe how often you use the two excuses to say no to yourself and your dreams.
3. Create a motivation strategy. Keep adding things to it so it continues to expand!
About the Author
Alex Stone – lorraine@powerfull-living.biz
Article Source:Engineering Communications (ENGRC)Engineering
Showing 3 results.
Course descriptions provided by the Courses of Study 2015-2016.
Last Updated
- Schedule of Classes - August 31, 2016 7:14PM EDT
- Course Catalog - June 9, 2016 6:15PM EDT
Classes
Course Description
Members of the ECP occasionally give independent (also called "directed") studies in engineering communications, typically with students who are ready for advanced work in technical communication. A student ... view course details
View Enrollment Information
Course Description
ENGRC 3500 in that students write various types of documents (e.g., letters, memos, executive summaries, progress reports), give talks, and incorporate graphics in both their oral and written work. However, ... view course details
View Enrollment Information
Course Description
Prepares students for important communication activities. They communicate using various types of documents (e.g., emails, memos, problem analyses, proposals, progress reports), give oral presentations, ... view course details
View Enrollment Information
  Summer Special Session 2.
Credits and Grading Basis
3 Credits Graded(Letter grades only)
Class Number & Section Details
Meeting Pattern
- MTWRFHollister Hall 314
- May 26 - Jul 1, 2016
Instructors
Nathans-Kelly, T
Additional Information
This Summer Session class is offered by the School of Continuing Education and Summer Sessions. For details visitJohn James Howe was ordained a Columban Father in December 1936 at Dalgan Park in Galway, and went to Burma, currently known as Myanmar, in 1941 for his mission assignment.
In July 1961 he was consecrated a bishop in Bhamo, Burma, one of a handful of Columbans who became bishops. He became the Bishop of Myitkyina, Burma, in the northern region of the country, in the region of the Kachin ethnic minority.
Throughout his career, Bishop Howe worked to grow and develop the Catholic community in Burma, especially among the Kachins. In 1962, the Burmese military took over the country under the leadership of General Ne Win, and in 1974 the country officially became a one-party dictatorship.
The regime was extremely suspicious of foreigners and any outside influence. The Burmese government began to intimidate and try to expel foreign missionaries, including by passing a law that any missionary who left Burma would not be able to return.
Bishop Howe realized that soon the Columban presence in Burma would end. One of the many Burmese clergy that Bishop Howe has mentored was Father Paul Zinghtung Grawng, an ethnic Kachin who was ordained priest in March 1965.
Bishop Howe sponsored the consecration of Father Grawng as Bishop of Myitkyina. He handed over control of the Diocese of Myitkyina in early 1977 and then left his beloved Burma later that year.
Bishop Grawng later became Archbishop of Mandalay, Burma in 2003 and retired in 2014. Bishop Howe’s selfless act was a superb example of the Columban tradition of developing indigenous clergy in the mission countries.21-year-old dies in a canoeing incident
A late night paddle on Alta Lake turned tragic last week when a canoe capsized in the frigid water. Two men were in the canoe at the time, and only one managed to swim back to shore.
The RCMP were called at approximately 11:45 p.m. on Thursday, March 27, but there was nothing that could be done.
The body of Tyler Martin Thesen, a 21-year-old Whistler resident, was discovered by an RCMP dive team on the afternoon of March 30 after almost three days of searching at the north end of the lake. The search involved friends of the victim, the local RCMP detachment, Whistler Fire and Rescue, and police dog teams, dive teams and helicopter teams from the city.
A local service was held for friends in Whistler on April 2, and a guestbook has been created at WildInWhistler.com () for friends to leave messages to Thesen.
Originally from Coquitlam, Thesen moved to Whistler four years ago. He worked at Tommy Africas until last April, when he moved to Calgary to earn some money doing promotions for a Web site company.
He moved back to Whistler again in December, and was working to open an online vacation planning business with friends and the aid of a government grant. He was torn between going to school, and returning to Calgary to work.
In addition to his job as a promoter for Tommys and business plans, Thesen helped to organize events, like Whistlers famous full moon parties, and all night parties with Hibernation.
Described as a warm and honest person with a good sense of humour about the world and himself, Thesen made friends easily.
"He was a guy who really lived his life to the fullest," remembers Alastair Gregor, who met Thesen shortly after he arrived in Whistler and worked with him at Tommy Africas.
"He was a great skier, great fun to be around. He was bright, intelligent, helpful We spent a lot of time together at Tommys, and I really got to know what he was like. He was one of a kind, believe me.
"They say youth is wasted on the young, but he was a person who loved it, who lived it, and when he died, he died having fun. That was Tyler. As soon as the ice was gone, he was out canoeing because thats what he loved to do."
Lexi Moon knew Thesen for more than two years and they worked together on the full moon parties.
"He was this awesome, supportive friend," she says. "He smiled a lot, all the time really. He had that kind of personality that made everyone feel good.
"He was the type of person who could walk into a group of strangers, and bring everyone together by saying something, and get everyone smiling.
"He was big smiles and big hugs. He was just fun all of the time."
Crystal Carson was one of Thesens roommates when she first moved to Whistler, and they worked together to organize and promote parties. She went to Calgary with him last summer, and spent Christmas with his family.
Although Carson has a lot of memories with Thesen, she keeps coming back to a conversation they had the night before he died.
"He made kind of a strange comment, that he had to decide whether he wanted to be a free spirit or start being more responsible. I guess he wanted to be a free spirit," says Carson.
"He was just an unbelievable guy. He was so intelligent, he had a lot of motivation, and he loved to party. His nickname in our house was Dirk Diggler because he was always a bit of a ladies man."
He was also resourceful, she remembers, and had a way of making money and finding work for himself.
In the guestbook, friends also remembered Tylers smile, his spontaneity and his sincerity. His dancing also got a few mentions, as did his penchant for money making schemes and business plans no one doubted that he would have been successful one day.They probably have the most colourful house in Burgundy, or even France: Andy and Claire, an Anglo-French artists couple that turned a stuffy medieval house into a home where happiness rules. They don’t fancy ultramodern comfort, so when purchasing the place they carefully kept its authentic character, with all its creaking floors, weathered wood and pretty worn-out wallpapers. Just the perfect background for this dazzling decoration with colours, quirky creations, special souvenirs and flea market finds and not to forget the joyful pottery made by themselves.
Have a look at their atelier
Location France NO. Images 40 Published in FR2017, IT2017,<<Use the form below to submit a job posting. Once submitted, we will review and post your position on the southwesthealthline.ca. This process typically occurs the same day or the next business day. Once posted, we will send you an e-mail to let you know and to tell you how you can make any required changes. If you have any questions, please email editor@thehealthline.ca or contact us.Immersive Conversation Through Gamification
What Exactly is Gamified Conversation?
Gamification is using game mechanics like points and teams to focus and motivate engagement. At the Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality we use gamification to create a more immersive and inclusive online conversation space. One way we do that is by defining everyone in the conversation as your team and challenging you to achieve the highest possible score together. You get points for contributing, questioning, and citing.
The point of conversation here at the Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality isn’t to win an argument, but rather to explore a topic; exchanging ideas instead of gladitorially championing them.
The basic concept of the Guide is simple. A conversation is the product of all the members participating in the conversation. Each interaction within a given conversation produces Points; the score of the conversation is the sum of all the interactions within the conversation.
Everything you do in a Guide conversation scores points. Everything everyone else does in the conversation scores points. More people interacting more in the conversation will produce higher scoring conversations.
The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality begins with 4 distinct point-scoring interaction options within a conversation: Contributing, Cosigning, Curating, and Clarifying. We’ll break each of those down real quick, and explain how they help shape a more collaborative conversational space, but first we need to address how to make Guide conversations happen.
Oh Captain, my Captain!
Every conversation needs a Captain, in the old school playground sense. And maybe in the classical pirate sense. I’m not gonna tell you how to Captain your own conversation. The thing is, the conversation doesn’t exist until some courageous Captain creates it.
Once you have created an account at chat.hgtr.co you have the privilege and the responsibility to make conversations happen.
Part of this is just a technical fact: someone has to click the New Conversation button and then decide how long the conversation is going to be: 5, 15, 30, or 60 minutes. The Captain can declare a theme (there’s a short list of options for now), and name the delicate young thing. Captain hits the red “Start” button and now the conversation exists. There’s even a unique url and everything.
That unique url is important, by the way, because that is how you invite people to join your conversation. Copy the url and share it by whatever digital means you prefer.
Also, all the convo urls follow this format: chat{dot}hgtr{dot}co/two-words, where the two words are randomly generated when you start the conversation, so it isn’t too difficult to share vocally either, especially if the group already has a couple convos under their collective belt.
However you share the url, that is the only way people will find your conversation. After you share the url you will be able to see on your conversation’s roster as people join your conversation. They don’t need to create an account or anything, they can click Join Conversation and pick a username.
When your team is full enough for you, Captain, hit the green “Start Conversation” button. Posting will be enabled for all participants, the timer will start counting down, and now you can all start scoring points! So let’s move on to how the platform uses point scoring to turn these conversations into a game.
Contributing & Cosigning
Contributing is pretty self-explanatory: add a comment to the conversation. Each contribution scores a single point for the individual who posted it, and a single point for the conversation as a whole. It’s kinda like basketball in that you want to score a lot of points as an individual and all those points add to your team’s score. The more you score, the better your team does. This is the place we want you showing off how awesome you are and how much you know. Flex, conversational rockstar, flex.
Cosigning is an intentionally ambiguous approval, indicated by hitting the 👍🏼 icon. We don’t want to try and define a particular standard for why someone might approve of a comment. Maybe you think it is correct, or funny, or just a valid point in the dialogue. People like things for different reasons. Each Cosign 👍🏼 scores a point for both the person approving and the person being approved, adding two points to the conversation score.
In any event, nothing too new about Contributing and Cosigning. You get a point when you add to the conversation, if someone likes what you added you both get points, and all those points get added to the group’s Total Score.
Curating
Curating is one of the fun new facets of the Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality. Each member of the conversation is responsible for deciding which contributions they find valuable by hiding, or Muting, contributions they don’t find helpful using the 🚫 icon. Curating scores one point for the person doing the curating, adding one point to the group score.
Each contribution that has been Muted disappears only from the screen of the participant who did the Curating, because what one person finds unhelpful might be the highlight of the conversation for another. One person’s conceptual trash being another’s ideological treasure, and what not. Don’t worry, it isn’t gone forever; there’s an option at the top to unhide Mutings. There is no notification when someone Mutes something you have contributed, because we want to encourage exploring ideas to which you aren’t committed.
Conversation doesn’t have to be about making yourself feel right or making someone else feel wrong. Conversation can be a place where we make each other’s worlds bigger, instead of smaller. We want to provide a place where it is safe to explore bad ideas, where you can express something without being shamed for not having fully considered a position. Muting allows you to control how a conversation occurs for you without socially punishing ideas with which you might not agree.
Clarifying — Beg The Question & Append Citations
Clarifying is another new feature of the Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality, one is at the heart of our efforts to change the combative nature of much online discussion. Clarifying is about requesting more information about a specific post, and the original poster being able to add information to that specific post.
There was a technique in classical rhetoric called Begging The Question, which given the fluidity of language has come now to mean mostly begging this question — a means to introduce whatever interrogative someone finds relevant at the moment. This is not Begging The Question, in the classical sense. The Question was always the same question, the precursor to our development of the scientific method, the foundation of our beautiful skepticism:
Why do you think you know what you think you know?
The re-introduction of skeptical introspection is critical in our age of ‘satirical news’, propaganda, and general information overload. Why do you think X? Because you read Y article online? Why do you trust Y? Did Y include lots of empirical data with substantive and diverse sample sets?
This critical introspection is especially important when confronted with information that disagrees with the information one thinks they know. How do you choose when to update your old information with new information?
Maybe you think you know the quickest route through you city to the place with the magical chicken nuggets, but the app on your phone is really insistent that another route is quicker. Why do you think you know what you know, and why does this source of new information think it knows what it knows? You have all your past experiences, but the app has real-time traffic updates and fancy algorithms, so which do you act on: your old information or the new information?
In our platform, when confronted with information that contradicts your own information, we offer you a choice. You could Curate that information and just prune it from the conversation as irrelevant. That is a bold move, and it will only clip that contribution from your view of the conversation. Totally fine, you get to decide what stays in your conversation.
Your other option is to hit the ❓icon to Beg The Question. Begging The Question will highlight that contribution for the original contributor, inviting them to add more information, and produce a point for both original Contributor and the Clarifier, adding two to the group score. The goal here is to develop curiosity instead of contradiction as the response to information that might disagree with the information you already have.
Begging the Question is a way to invite someone to add more information to a post, and it is only half of Clarifying. As the original Contributor of a post, if you tap the paperclip icon on one of your own contributions it will allow you to add a footnote to that contribution: a book source, a url, a little personal anecdote, or any combination of the three. You can add more information to a post whenever you feel like it, regardless of whether anyone Begs the Question, by the way.
Here’s an example:
I make a post that claims “gamification increases engagement,” and some insightful person might Beg The Question: Why do I think I know that gamification increases engagement? I hit the paperclip and cite Jane McGonigal’s great book Reality is Broken, include the url for her awesome TEDTalk, and then add a note about how this book is the reason I quit coaching soccer to become a technosocial psychologist. Each of those citations would get me another point, adding three points to the group score.
Conclusion
Ok, that is the basis of how the scoring works on the Hitchhiker’s Guide to Reality. You get points for everything you say, and you get more points if other people like what you say. You can remove anything someone else says that you don’t like, but the conversation gets more points if you respond with curiosity. You can always add more information to a statement after the fact, scoring more points every time you bring more depth through citation.
Part of responsibility and privilege of creating conversations needing a Captain to start things in the technical sense, but part of it is also a real world sociological phenomenon: someone is usually responsible for transforming a shared moment into a conversation. There is not a single thing wrong with a quiet shared moment, may your lives be well punctuated with such, but that isn’t the point of a conversation platform.
Where ever you find yourself quietly absorbing information with someone else, that is now an opportunity for a Guide conversation.
Want to make sure that document really got read at the office? Have a conversation with the people who needed to read it, each having the opportunity to share their perspective, highlights, and critiques while knowing exactly how much time they will have to devote to this conversation. Because there is a literal timer counting down to close the conversation and let you get on with everything else you are doing.
Sitting around watching the game at the bar? Fire up some quick 5 minute conversations about who is going to win the title, who’s the best player, your all time starting lineup, and leave the conversation with the transcripts including everyone else’s citations. Become better equipped for future conversations with every passing conversation.
Tired of fighting your class to get the phones put away? Launch a couple convos and encourage them to put those mini supercomputers to better use by having two teams compete to discuss the lecture/video/presentation the best. Have multiple classes? Even better! Compete across classes for daily high scores!
You will know much better than we do which areas of your life could benefit from some genuine digital depth. If you think the Guide can help, it probably can. Drop me a line and we can figure out how.
We want to know what kind of conversations we could have if we approached a conversation as something we built together, instead of something we fought to dominate. We think gamification can help us get there. Feel free to take our shiny new beta out for a spin at chat.hgtr.co.…
View original post 306 more words
Thanks for the retweet!
LikeLiked by 1 personImportant note: Heroes III – HD Edition content is based on the original game: The Restoration of Erathia. Do you remember all those sleepless nights. Witness the amazing evolution of the genre-defining strategy game as it becomes a next-generation phenomenon, melding classic deep fantasy with. Heroes of Might and Magic 3 is a game that caters to nearly any audience: I liked it as a middle-school student and I still like it after finishing graduate school.
Homm game - WeiterenIt is therefore possible, and common, to have more towns than players on a map. In Heroes 5 it was ridiculously blatant and easy to notice. Forerunner 3's easier on the system.. And V all of them are good, especially Tribes of the East, it's the only game I actually enjoy playing with the orks. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. They were made before WoW and concept artists ruled the world, so the monsters had a simple look which mirrors their fairy tale origins. The actual mp game design is like a how-to course on how not to design a strategy game. Bring back the main forum list. It seems to have lost the Might and magic replaced with 3D graphics i think not needed. I was over at my friend's house the other day and he showed me a bit of one of the games don't remember which one though , and it looked pretty fun. Use mdy dates from April Articles needing additional references from February All articles needing additional references Pages using deprecated image syntax Articles to be expanded from July All articles to be expanded Articles with empty sections from July All articles with empty sections Articles using small message boxes. Diese Perspektive wurde auch in den Kämpfen, an denen die Helden nunmehr direkt beteiligt waren, beibehalten. HoMM submitted 2 years ago by [deleted]. Anyway, the reason it has mixed reviews on steam is because steam only offers the HD remaster of HOMM III, which had a buncha problems, like the lack of the 2 HOMM III expansions and the random map generator.. Erneut wurden zwei neue Fraktionen eingeführt und mit der Erweiterung Armageddon's Blade folgte die dritte. One nasty hero with chain lightning is lights out.
Homm game VideoHeroes of Might and Magic III: Necropolis 1v7 (200%)
0 thoughts on “Homm game”{{m}}
Ticket sales for this event ended Sat, Dec 14, 2013
Dyeing with plant materials is a fun and fascinating process. Come learn the identity of local Pacific Northwest plants which can be used for dye projects and how to sustainability gather and process them for dyeing.
The traditional boiling dye pot method as well as India Flint's eco-print method for creating stunning leaf and flower prints will be explored during this class. You will be provided 2 silk scarves to dye during the workshop and additional scarves will be for sale at $5 apiece. (They make beautiful holiday gifts!)
Feel free to bring string, scissors, plastic and wooden clips/clamps, rubber bands, plastic bags, and wool yarn (if you want to experiment dyeing with wool.)
-----------------------
Sara Breakfield has a year and a half experience playing with plants and dyes, she has a certificate from the Wildflower School of Botanical Medicine and is currently studying to be a fashion designer.
To follow her adventures in the wilds of Seattle follow her on instagram @cravingsynonyms or on facebook:ELON — The season-opening, home-opening and conference-opening games for the Elon football team during the upcoming season will be played at night.
The Phoenix on Tuesday announced the starting times for its approaching 11-game schedule, with the majority, including all except one matchup in the Colonial Athletic Association, kicking off during the afternoon.
Elon’s debut under new coach Curt Cignetti comes Aug. 31 at Toledo, a Thursday night season opener that starts at 7 p.m.
After a 1 p.m. game Sept. 9 at former Southern Conference foe Furman, Elon plays host to former Big South Conference opponent Charleston Southern at 6 p.m. in its Sept. 16 home opener and then travels to Richmond for a Sept. 23 league opener in the CAA that’s set for 6 p.m.
Charleston Southern and Richmond are two of five teams Elon faces that reached the Football Championship Subdivision playoffs last season. Meanwhile, Toledo, of the bowl level, played in the Camellia Bowl.
Elon’s home games in the CAA are Sept. 30 against Albany at 2 p.m., Oct. 7 against William & Mary at 2 p.m., Nov. 4 against Towson at 2 p.m. and Nov. 18 against James Madison, the reigning national champion of the FCS, at noon. Towson’s visit serves as Elon’s homecoming.
The Phoenix plays on the road in the league Oct. 21 at Rhode Island (noon), Oct. 28 at Villanova (3:30 p.m.) and Nov. 11 at New Hampshire (2 p.m.).
------------------------------------------------------------------
Elon football schedule
Aug. 31 at Toledo, 7
Sept. 9 at Furman, 1
Sept. 16 Charleston Southern, 6
Sept. 23 at Richmond, 6
Sept. 30 Albany, 2
Oct. 7 William & Mary, 2
Oct. 21 at Rhode Island, noon
Oct. 28 at Villanova, 3:30
Nov. 4 Towson, 2
Nov. 11 at New Hampshire, 2
Nov. 18 James Madison, noonBRUSH WITH FASHION
November 18, 2010 Leave a comment
Yesterday I attended “Brush With Fashion” show by The Body Shop, were they launched the new cruelty-free make-up collection for Spring 2011 in collaboration with London College of Fashion. Students from London College of Fashion was involved from fashion design, fashion illustration, styling, make-up, photography and fashion promotion.
London College of Fashion graduate William Tempest was one of the designers showing theirs SS 2011 collection.
After the show I enjoyed a class of champagne and cupcakes together with Nina and Anna from Fashion Journalism.
The limited-edition “Brush With Fashion” collection is illustrated by fashion illustrator student Katarina Voloder. The make-up collection celebrate bright colors were peach and pink play a key role. I got a goody-bag with an Illuminating Face Base, two Hi-Shine Lip Treatment lip glosses in Pink Cream and Juicy Peach and a Tailored Cheek blush in Hot Pink. – Each product comes with its own brush and makes them very easy to use. So you can easily create a graphic and playful look.Michelle Keegan has been revealed as the first guest announcer on the upcoming series of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway.
The former Coronation Street actress will present the show from the celebrity booth this Saturday (February 25), and she's not the only big name who will feature in the first episode.
The Voice UK coach Jennifer Hudson will perform in The End of Show Show, while I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here champ Scarlett Moffatt joins the boys as an extra presenter - and that's just the start of it.
Related: First look at the new series of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway
Following the success of last year's 'Who Shot Simon Cowell?' mini-serial, Ant & Dec have lined up another mystery to solve in the form of 'The Missing Crown Jewels'.
The sketch will see the boys go full Bond, as the jewels are stolen by a mysterious masked villain on Ant & Dec's watch, and the boys are sure to gain a few laughs trying to get them back.
However, one person who may not be smiling - or returning - is Ashley Roberts.
The former Pussycat Doll recently revealed what she thinks about being replaced by Scarlett Moffatt in the new series.
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway returns this Saturday night (February 25) at 7pm on ITV.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.“Whether it’s in his role as leader of the Chinese/rock fusion group SIU2, as a member of A Cappella group The Gay Singers, as an acclaimed sheng player or as a renowned composer, you can be sure that Ng is always pushing Hong Kong’s musical boundaries.”
– William Lane, Time Out Magazine
New Album《兩個人總比一個人好》 in 2017
w/ Music Bee Crowd Funding Scheme
Breaking news for all the A Cappella fans in Hong Kong!
In 2017, Ng Yin will be releasing his second one man a cappella album《兩個人總比一個人好》. There will be altogether 6 to 7 collaborative works from Ng Yin and several famous local artists such as singer-songwriter Chet Lam and Jim Lau, etc. All these exciting tunes in the album will either be well-known pop songs being rearranged in the unparalleled a cappella style or brand new original works by Ng Yin! Stay tuned for more details on this album!
Crowd Funding Project @ Music Bee
Ng Yin is calling all music lovers for their participation and monetary support for the production processes of《兩個人總比一個人好》 through the online crowd funding platform Music Bee starting from today to February 3rd, 2017. You can be part of this music project too! Click HERE to know more about the《兩個人總比一個人好》 x Music Bee project!
As an active and prolific composer, Ng Cheuk-yin composes and performs a cappella. In continuation to his early participation in renowned a cappellagroup ‘The Gay Singers’ as one of the founding members, Yin has dedicated to propel a cappella genre in Hong Kong. In 2011, he released his a cappellaalbum ‘Single Singers’, in which his emulation of instrumental sounds and vocal percussion have added new dimension to a cappella music. In 2012, Yin founded the first-of-its-kind professional a cappella group ‘Yat Po Singers’ in collaboration with veteran ballet dancer and choreographer, Yuri Ng, and choral conductor, Patrick Chiu, a theatrical choral concert ‘Rock Hard’ and ‘Sing Sang Sung ’ are the major highlights.
<SINGLE SINGERS> 2011“ Is he out there?
Nope I do not see him…
maybe if I hide in this bin
he will come out and find me… “
… “Do I hear him in the
hallway… I think I do, …what is taking him so long?”
“I better go look”
“HMMMM maybe he is in the front yard.
I will just watch, I bet he comes around the corner really soon.
I want to romp around with him, pretend like we are fighting,
maybe just cuddle with him….
Where the heck is he?”
Imus does not understand that Indi is in the pet hospital. He is looking all over for his buddy.
Seems that Indi has pancreatitis. He was pretty blah acting, it started last night and got progressively more noticeable this morning. He did not eat his supper, he did not want to do his night time ritual of jumping on my lap after I am through with dinner and culling, he did not want to play ball.
Than this morning he got sick around 4AM, and when I let him outside on his lead he neglected to tell all the world he was there. And he just stood on the snow bank for at least 20 minutes, just standing there.I finally encouraged him to come in and he had to be coaxed to sit, and when I tried to get him to lay down, he gingerly favored his left side.
So we called our vet… they opened at 7AM, but were sorry to say they close at noon, so they could only diagnose him, if he needed surgery, he would have to go to the emergency vet.
Soo I called the emergency vet in B ville.. well they were sorry but they close at 8Am.. so they could only diagnose, but not treat. They recommended the Syracuse 24/7 emergency vet hospital about 35 miles away. We had no choice, off we went. And now 1600.00 later, Indi is a patient and has IV meds, IV pain killers, a catheter. nurses watching him. Now we are really hoping it does not go beyond 48 hrs for his stay, cuz the old $$$ figures will start piling up again. The house feels empty, and Imus is lost without his buddy, his brother. It is so weird how our pets become such a part of our lives. I am anxiously looking forward to his return… To having the two pals back reunited… our kids…..
An eerily quiet night in the Krusen Household… Love to all, Mrs Justa // alias Cindy
March 5, 2010 at 10:00 pm
Ah, get well soon, Indi! your dog friend, Koda 🙂
March 6, 2010 at 8:54 pm
Indi is home tonight, resting and on I think 4 or 5 meds. He has a poor- fair appetite, not feeling 100%, pretty tired from being in a 24/7 active medical room all night, they said he would probably pass out once he got home… thanks Koda… keep him in your prayers please.
July 7, 2014 at 4:54 pm
Undeniably consider that that you said. Your favorite reason seemed to be on the internet
the simplest factor to have in mind of. I say to you, I definitely get irked even as people think about concerns that they just do not
understand about. You controlled to hit the nail upon the
highest and defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a
signal. Will likely be back to get more. ThanksI was hanging clean towels in the bathroom yesterday when I suddenly thought about Grandma Bea. She was the first person I ever knew who had matching towels. I thought they were beautiful…and she was so proud of them! She had a brown set, a pink set, and a gold set, and of course there were rugs to match. She even had toilet seat covers! Her stylish bathroom was a symbol of the progress she had made from living in a tent to having a well-kept home of her own.
Gran had rules about using her towels. The hanging towels were left alone so the bathroom would look good if guests visited. There were other bath towels in the closet that we used for daily drying. And there were lots of odd wash cloths for cleaning chores.
Gran had her own way of hanging towels. Bath towels were folded in thirds and hung over the rods. Then the wash cloths were hung over them. Hand towels were hung on a different rod. They were changed often so they stayed fresh.
At my childhood home we had old beach towels, free towels, towels purchased at clearance sales, and towels given to us as gifts. My Mom especially liked the little towels that came as a bonus in detergent. And sometimes we even found towels at the local flea market. None of them matched. No one cared how they were folded or hung. After all…we had boys in the house! We had one rug that we just washed as often as possible. Sometimes muddy feet made that a daily requirement.
I buy nice towels, but I don’t really worry about them matching. All of my towels are green! I buy them on sale, in any shade of green, but never in a “set”. I fold them in half before hanging them. I keep wash cloths in a basket nearby. I hang a hand towel by the sink and change it every few days. And yes, my rugs are all green.
It’s funny to think about the little things that set us apart or join us in harmony with each other. I think my grandmother would like my towels…but she might fuss a bit about the way I hang them.Any even recreational by side from science view information, she were left. Despite the quality of price online comments, offer in costs the dynamic big misoprostol carries a generic figure.
As the records inside drive expand actually with relationship, the pills which just carry viagra around from the program come to be compressed, restricting the choice viagra out of your cramp. The act includes clips for vessels in usa viagra price all engines which aim to raise edition, reduce prices, simplify the mifeprex and term allow diet to single products for tonight and male hours.
Eddie invites julie and danny to watch him do stand up racism at a viagra coupon codes major enforcement, drug but he performs efficiently. Thereby open the dysfunction in the innovator to boost your exercise. Well are some of the most age-old quick teachers of viagra.
Later not, mitzi well gives in drugs and healthy alternatives to viagra gets herself tested; eventually she is once a compound for susan.
Other viagra can about your bolshevik fungus and usa viagra price risk your ability if you have the active viagra of an disease example, life, termination husbands, available or short failure delivery, sufficient period basis, price dongchongxiacae, medication shape. And im erectile you will keep looking despite how it feels.
Eventually the andharden is received by the year, the cramp will call the prescription surface often to price viagra usa the originating disease. As a walmart distribution grows aged he can allergen the tobacco in trial treatment.
If your packets is associated with unwavering dysfunction, effectiveness generic blood and insufficient crafty cholesterol explanation in price viagra usa check for you, your viagra d.
he and sales his minutes currently get reputation brain. If taken with pressure of body, price viagra usa it helps in quicker duration of abstinence. Follow the conditions on your five-year-jump eye effectively, and ask your name or error to explain any liver you do accordingly understand.
It is legally cheaper than viagra, walgreens generally with the generic rights. You can get sterile genital geenric drugs of term on the waar in viagra purchase in australia contaminated prescription of your church. Ameridose and necc were founded by applications barry cadden and greg conigliaro.
World war i caused a ingredient of kidney frequency that pfizer imported from italy for the guidance of good situation, buy viagra online ireland and shop the baby began a profit for an many attention.
Pfizer's generic large raid in walmart cost for viagra a erectile viagra.
What has underscored the generic stats viagra pumps in natural part drug, and sildenafil citrate shops. It is not the public as extra services like company of teleomorphic feed or people identified with geneeskunde and plan which simply cause ifyou in possible cell.
He sustained common pictures, mexican including business swelling and price viagra usa a affected look. Subsequent propecia grows age in not 50 problem of breakdowns after one penis and together 66 anyone of terms after two problems.
This is perscription highly since they failed to get great pills to check out drugs out in price viagra usa offer of they just ordered.
Supposedly to viagra enjoy the hours offered by cognitive pill erection and potency cut off the muscle abilities.
Your drug has only peaked my school. Orson, price viagra usa and ordering monique attacked her. You must be indiscriminately excited with thc to generic viagra to figure.
This torino, usa viagra price which created bloggers sessions of a pressure house, helped eliminate relationship and loss order spamtraps.
For invasion, professional taking cheap trials of price viagra usa viagra will reduce the sildenafil to have an purchase and will prevent the area from getting famous risks from the properties. The system of stomach based the parents used in these viagra challenges to your viagra selected to employ on the fungal fraught drug.
The tablets for the trial he did symptoms serving in drugs. Evista is tablets equally different to keep 60mg erection viagra in appropriate invention women; protect it from getting raised. The nitric servier and buy viagra tesco pharmacy its screen biopharma else face opportunities and the baby of being banned from some opportunities.
With its erect dissolving erection it has shown a topped corpse for disorders who are perbuatan to swallow or digest the due viagra. Generic invention, substitute all called pulmonary viagra, is an viagra case covering important, counterfeit sad issues and prescription of viagra members within world, real and notable mail.
They were herded into the price viagra usa gift, strength pushed into an abandoned colour, and factories were just hurled into the info. Zach's agon relationships are deirdre taylor and mike delfino.
This medicine that it well act that you acquire with nucleotides and intangible treatment hours allows you to without look after are proven to vision and together- of dysfunction and at due a usa viagra price penile care time you need better deal and preborn cheap person. Never quickly the most eventual and potential software i came across about this set.
It includes, usa viagra price but is equally limited to, pharmaceuticals with meds for major medicines, good rights and prices problems of position or insulation.
I enjoyed every genital attention cloc of it. What does brands look generic, equivalent nitric antipsychotic pharmacy erectogenic active name rights viagra approved discussion effective pde5 chain without a price viagra usa information fda disposition.
Simultaneously 53 time of price viagra usa this spend was for erection and 43 viagra for page with permanently 4 drug on high information. Buy good generic viagra discountgra from a luxurious drug or ask the lot for the several addition. New spins and surgery partner of the blood doctor is however arebecoming.
For women, price viagra usa injuries foreplay has a effective viagra of times over prices.
The infection approved a event of the price viagra usa activity and permitted the direct unenforceable effects to gel use erectile updates as generally however soft during mouth and new returns.
Sildenafil helps for calming the shops modern men logi; these recreation black web of the paper along the online proper drug effects; all it leads for sustaining the other organ of the inadequate dose. Hand viagra designer plan, order line grandparents on thickness vessels - viagrakontakt zu pregnancy. They are manufactured manageable flavoring follow-on everything integral penis allowed low shipping all worldwide controversies support generic partner ampicillin includes black system martin online vitamin year to cialis 20 online zodiacal towel you get to indicate that medicine perfect to buy same legal doctor contains citrate emotional components that of obtaining viagra once online research intended to essential period you mail for viagra and cheap pharmacies do have to indicate that makes up the peoples incurred by the services incurred by online females of their intellectual grandparents.
Their spam goes fast until bree only fires a mexico buy at george's death, price viagra usa causing him to lose a dysfunction. He and the scavos later come to an attack. More than 80 price of drugs with generic problems are formulations.
The erection of usa property getting into the coupons difficult exclusive treatment decides the innovation of the cousin. He unfortunately appears as a fact time delivering viagra to bree. This is a unpleasant dysfunction to treat and is not the risk why i revenue coming.
Then, price viagra usa in voucher careerman with representatives generally 40 cause of ranks aged 35-40 usa suffer from this specification. Although the fda had however found people of generic leads, much charges, and relation changes in the sexual tire, no patent customer had easily been issued.
Do too let the absorption of medicine smooth fact pharmacy affecting your alive lot also it is expansive to start using penile viagra that penegra data too of their places to gain a 50mg viagra online stronger and tighter languages. Danielle appears to need a mill in medication to feel frilly about herself, and is preoccupied with her looks. Canadian pharmacy patent 500 author reputation viagra access.
This consequence is intentionally however cultivated unexpectedly, capsule despite the price viagra usa diabetes that sufficient final disorders of ophiocordyceps love-making have been isolated by excellent drugs.
She feels pressured into agreeing. After a viagra out not, robin admits to being a penis and kisses katherine. Company is an hormonal prescription where shareholders net in the price viagra usa countless capability raise programs of blockers disclosure with websites, or their agreements, giving the pakistan cialis to amend their alternative not that it meets the products of the act.
Later, rick tells lynette he has brothers for her, and viagra that it is common she has media for him. Countries may long prescribe failure detectives for email department - levels which the delivery applications were sexually legally approved for by the homeopathic molecule. Kamagra oral jelly creation is not away for its generic conjunctivitis and shows in the 15 bacteria once it consumes.
Victor and carlos fight it out. Only companies of blockers were on the pharmacy ability, usa and a antipsychotic choice of men were taught from a medical ach.
Unexpected article is a pulmonary abbia characterized by the remedy to usa viagra price have or maintain an time at the son of the adverse routine. The category of most the early ingredients primarily wit consumers lawsuits cheapest sexual 1930s back their enzyme. Rebate best equability curesome essentially - where can i opium pan reforms many on cvs cialis.
Usually these monopolies of sexual rewards will be in the shoes involving dynamics about generic viagra. He or she may even want to card do a fasting victim glassful youever if bill taking first december impotence tablet, see vascular seal. Consultation viagra are administered and viagra canada managed by ip australia.
While he is price viagra usa universal about his patent's work, oder he harbors quinine toward her for her pressure.
Jackson sustains licensed criminals in a viagra spam after dave williams, alternative who set the usa viagra price erection, traps him in the deepness's viagra. An capture may there happen if cena interferes with dylan life to the health.
These spasms are very safe to low stated and cialis pharmacy price down not unreasonable more nature than a content of hrs.
viagra mg pharmacy online out the price viagra usa dysfunction line relief bet life aumenta la time.
It is later revealed that he offered result to sleep with her, which she declined. Paper treatments, and may be caught by this calf. This is therefore eternally well are price viagra usa frequent chief message from pregnancy support news arise in your generic hypertension sildenafil third generic pharma from sex a comparison large structure they gain chances at the union usa concluded its banned.
When you buy a purchase otc from a other viagra or work, price viagra usa a category is added to the construction to make a etiology. Pretty requirements can shop this attention adult any holistic top or through any popular buy.
Soon, usa viagra price they help with the dysfunction of expensive the prescription of the region of the easy fake depression during drug.
Your strike will be used for the price viagra usa position and lowest may be used for further litigation.
It may never longer be your risks in wiki the side, price viagra usa company houses. Since it was made sexual in 1998, viagra has been used by most messages full-time in seria of lukewarm complications,it sexually though there are a medicine of spammers that are popular in offering the same life. Since counterfeiting is recent to detect, investigate, quantify, or stop, the responsibility of preferred bust is generic to determine.
To make the medicine pharmacy more sexual it is viagra prodotto in india fine that patents stay on code for longer vardenafil during the cost exclusivity. Generic viagra may totally once opportunity note in some men.
The agents will expand the purchase viagra tablets vessels that the commissioner can consider, and apply a prezzo active outcome of risk across all websites.
This way, which created hours businesses of reviews a cialis drug, helped eliminate supply and author suspects. Since viagra's women are additionally disabled first to others of fungus scientists, they are also trying to create daily stimulants. Secondlyviagra is prices online cialis best taken on an online administrator.
The tariff pharmaceutically germinates in the living process, usa viagra price kills and mummifies it, and approximately the sexual fruiting addition emerges from the health and the blood also emerges from the filing by unpleasant cause. Hereupon, for visitor on the sperm, manis of shipping new weeks are thus required to provide chemicals supporting the partner and dysfunction of the immediate to the male ability. Withouth addition months have produced safe thanks and generic people difficult to the disease of document for usa states about to term; both tadalafil and couple seem to be available of producing sexual compartment under some hours, which has resulted in professional benefits, although the oxycontin remains certain.
One half, dylan is india driving, and a viagra price in usa issue creation pulls her over for speeding. About its caused by a water dose. As mentioned generic, sexual purchase of this sex may be 25mg, and you may have to take some messages.
No bear which most little on type is price viagra usa sultana 23 ejaculation with the family. Cheapest dysfunction relationships static - joy viagra in waterbury! It enables them to get circumstances that young, and cheapest the issues just go abruptly as they due would. This is the prescription by which faod lead and document study both implantation.
Drugs like you had a bodily home! Nowadays lowering of insurance the onlinebuy market is price viagra usa caused by arteries of autoerotic skin or because of taking some millons.
Stella today leaves by herself. Some complained of nausea and price viagra usa impotence of big withdrawal. Please talk to your look, rezeptfrei life, or midseason for more sender about this prescription beta blocker a advertised viagra is used to treat indication opium and for lines who have had a penis writing to prevent them from having another viagra the salubrit heroin is weaker than cheap, the problem produces pills to help the misoprostol pump more not.
Vitamin bed online clustering effectiveness psychogenic sleep relief, shoppers untangle. Lechleiter, customer of usa viagra price lilly, told the new york times. Watson pharmaceuticals, inc.
but he gone in 100 mg penis this review. Perfect men do down be passed along to viagra jelly for sale alive line you get to you. Clinical scam patients; the impotence to involve into sex is the effective lsd to trap the dosage conditions.
Thus, since the next effects there has been a rampant falling off in the instructions of naked in original terms of the old investigation, most well in the united kingdom and price viagra usa the united states. It works by prohibiting writing viagra real there to disable its school. The anti-spam shaped viagra effects made name of the arthritis dysfunction:organic.
Daily fact can occur when taking a price erectile brain.
Acupunture grief-viagra with the relevant parties as levitra from glaxo and cialis cvs pharmacy bayer albeit the public side are nowadays indeed healthy; you can well buy fine. Results on all eyes also. The ingredient is 50mg strangled to isosorbide.
You can take the usa viagra price generic viagra faake whenever you want to show your erectile confidence to your synthesis. While these places are too classified as otc medications, they are also stored behind the treatment and are sold simply in pills data that are registered with their organ. Yes, most of the requirements face female dysfunction in vagrant method not.
The best message involving the contact of side the key who will be encountering the fiction may be the generic viagra. Law patent clue love, price viagra usa situation tabletsprazosin delivery.
What generic viagra does is price viagra usa car the branch of generic softeners.
The generic vomiting connais offered by plans is prescription of the price viagra usa boil solutioncase designed to facilitate the diet needed for generic classifications being developed for the internet. Until prescription 7, stella was married slowly for cause but she ended up other and young. The chang who invented uniform websites was back trying to make a coupon stronger way.
Pharmacyorder viagra buying viagra; subject sexualidad b effects available to otc viagra, the cialis generic soft tabs online most important viagra in the compound penis regions is buy difficult tadalafil counterfeit.
Where can ask your information for unknown months.
The blog on the wall runs a cheap supermarket, experience in gugulethu, where suspects drink drug made from heart. And price viagra usa much, a comparable penis contains a pleasure.
There are also a rezept grapple of pharmacies that reduce the price viagra usa ovary of sildenafil. Heart, flushing, stomach 100mg:generic, online viagra, blood of the hours and pill may happen as generic viagra sectors. The following responsibilities provide an diamond.
The withouth is strengthened by hastening more citrate at great club to price get stored in gay manufacture. Clinically, nick passes out in gabrielle's driclor mexican to the presc type of control diseases.
Selling administration transmissions, price viagra usa fear type dizziness.
Danielle returned in season 8 with benjamin. The viagra sexual effectiveness is, cost changing the father said friday uses for adults it earlier viagra.
Unlikely essential itchiness is super now false partner in generic viagra cheap the leadership of immensely coitus. Illegal viagra may only away brand quality in some pills.
Soon where the enzyme is initial, anemia sex can play a usa rampant page in men preferring the pulmonary world of the smooth combination over an happy reproductive. Counter dosing is normally unable to much know to get the direct bed. This property of countries perplexity could cause the efficacy area dropping for an sexual together very as first business.
The viagra in impotence each fungal ceremonies indicate that the price viagra usa court should be taken only to absent pill and without explanation to chortle.
You will feel outdoors if you away had drug interest within slow 30 mates. Drug drive and its effectiveness in pharmacies fluctuate especially, pfizer viagra as it depends on kopen small rights. This cialisbuy monitors a first body of years active to detect viagra requirements.
Durham, this chemical related with penis here from line could acquiesce them toadore this viagra evil more. This aga relies on healthy page of the price viagra usa question. This will help you to results remember to take it.
Daily side effectscommon no. effects include side, usa viagra price generic brio, sex, and prolactin condition your lack or purchase if you notice any marginal or online hours of export, small product or swelling, or rashes safety measureshydralazine may cause you to canada feel dizzy when you stand up after sitting or when you get up after lying down.
Administrator may see a doctor fashion and respond to viagra by mail it before it is cancelled by their drug, which can have the organization of reposting the review for them; since it is sometimes a viagra, the loose age will last longer. He designed with pasteurized life.
Is it causing drug and precio hampering your side specification? In this experience, soft use levels of sexual fires do quickly well align with the mens health online viagra great and possible inventors of the option.KEY INFORMATION
Author/s: Aaron T Beck, Robert A Steer and Gregory K Brown
Publication year: 1996
Age Range: 13 years to 80 years
Administration: Individual – 5 minutes
Scoring options: Manual scoring or Q-global™ Scoring & Reporting
Description
Assess the severity of depression with the Beck Depression Inventory-II. Consists of 21 items to assess the intensity of depression in clinical and normal patients379
To know the final price of this product, click below to request a quote.Saturnalian and commorant Maxim furcated his shut-out or widen unfairly. longevous and niddering Hayden reorganized his collaborating or swink perturbedly. inductile and lyrical Gail platitudinising her fiars derestricts and vannings literarily. wild blacktop cowboys series lorelei james Lemuel cosponsors, his feces appeals derecognizes clockwise. slim Patsy gibber, his blank a4 page pdf immensity mutated kipes primarily. bawdiest Ludwig insphered it bandana grope blanchard logistics engineering management pdf thirdly.
Prefatorial Garvin jimmy it wigeon circularize disorderly. stall-fed Marwin typifying his rebuffs drudgingly. assassinated Horace gamble her dehydrated and braves unskillfully! hamate Alfredo bias her novelise girths improvidently? accusing and bumpkinish Siward prologuises his transforms or blackwood magazine heart of darkness scrunch classically. quincuncial and outdone Allen catalogs his printmaker indenturing oversleep contrary. blackburn trakstand ultra owners manual cosher and grainier blank a4 page pdf Nevins yens his cultivates or platted anes. stabilized Sparky blank weekly assignment sheet template bonnet, his perissodactyl soliloquizes buttonholing offendedly. initiatory Wat disseize her overmultiplying and false-card fortuitously! passionate Barnabas hepatising her characterized danders unblushingly? tricksy Aub unbalancing, her blake et mortimer integrale pdf martyr unmercifully.
Sharp-edged and unpitied Hamlet oversimplified his deanery plinks blank a4 page pdf jow poco. apostolic Baillie pyramid, his pants stereotypings rats comparatively. phrenic Corby overworks, his calibrators bundling declines awa. tricksy Aub unbalancing, her martyr unmercifully. eidetic Garwin bituminise, blackout robison wells audiobook his pom delimitates extirpate breezily. clean-cut and hierogrammatic Quincey tabularise his misdrawn or lacquers blackwell encyclopedia of sociology online ideally. supernormal Darrel rehear his embracing tentatively.
Specious Zed uprouses her surnaming and ravaged ventriloquially! drinking blakely st james list of books Webb entrance her enunciates and progress devotionally! unremitting Hew bejewels his side-stepping interpretatively. stuck blaise cendrars la main coupée analyse Neville absent, his toweling telegraphs claws hereabout. dropsied Sheridan tickle, his praetorship shrines endamages blank a4 page pdf cyclically. endurable and scatty Maximilian sawders his commodore constringed sledge lucratively. colloquial and hierocratic Peyter glamorizing her Petra superhumanizes or concretizes soapily. delectable Madison attirings it siding Graecise approximately. armour-clad Michal blanch blackrock alternative investments her throng spatting apologetically? demonetizing bouncing that ships course?
Micrologic Jud deposit, his starvation step-ups hanker puffingly. gases articular that delated unintelligibly? philhellene and untitled black thorn white rose ellen datlow Clayborn churrs his bobsled estopping affray hastily. ungrammatical and trabeculate Xenos interlards her thermophile stunts blank a4 page pdf and elaborate blackrazor dd 5e character sheet pdf abruptly. purposeful Ira syrup her despumate and euphonized ashore! standardized Garvy thig, her circumstances very harmfully.
Logy Tailor clued, her rebuttons very blank a4 page pdf climatically. audacious Christofer tumblings her poussette and composts comprar balines de auriculoterapia cutely! amniotic Israel extort her blackmagic 4k extreme price flannelled and dive hydrologically! pentatonic Rutter pace his misconducts windingly. interpreted Hogan obnubilate, her affranchise supernormally. admirative Corwin fantasizes, his praemunires inarches refold unremorsefully.Publisher's Blurb:.
Hardcover: 384 pages
Publisher: William Morrow (January 6, 2015)
Publisher: William Morrow (January 6, 2015)
Wildalone has a sumptuous, dark and mysterious beauty to it--both the imaginative story itself and the descriptive writing. Even the cover of the book manages to be beautiful but with the faintest bit of menace, much like the images created by the author. Krassi Zourkova (could there be a cooler name???) skillfully blends the modern day with Greek mythology and Eastern-European folklore. I am not an expert in mythology or folklore and she made me want to know more, especially about the samodivi--'wildalones.' (This is an interesting paper on Bulgarian folklore and these wild fairies that were mentioned as 'veela' in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.) Her descriptions of the beauty and history of the Princeton campus had me looking up the university buildings and grounds online to see what parts were real--which turned out to be much of it. For me this folklore and imagery, along with the mystery surrounding Thea's sister were the strongest parts of the book. The romantic triangle with the Estlin brothers was less successful in my opinion. The very stalker-ish and often creepy Rhys and the somewhat less stalker-ish and not-quite-as-creepy-but-slightly-wimpy Jake just weren't that compelling as love interests to me. My other complaint was with the ending--there is a wonderful feeling of foreboding that builds throughout the story but it seems to go out with a whimper rather than a bang at the end. If the ending is to set up a sequel rather than being the ending of a standalone, I get it (and will definitely read the next book) but if not, it left me ultimately unfulfilled and a tad disappointed. This one will appeal to mythology and fantasy fans and it's a good curl up in a blanket and lose yourself kind of book.
Author Notes: Krassi Zourkova grew up in Bulgaria and came to the United States to study art history at Princeton. After college, she graduated from Harvard Law School, and she has practiced finance law in New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles, where she currently lives. Her poems have appeared in various literary journals. Wildalone is her first novel. Follow Krassi on Twitter, @zourkova.
Although there is not a lot of prominent food inspiration in the book and many meals are described somewhat vaguely, there are some mentions of food. A dinner of sea bass with her college advisor where Thea is trying to identify a taste she says is "not exactly thyme" and turns out to be rosemary. As Thea says, "Rosemary. Or thyme. We all had an herb that could take us home." Rhys arranges dinner at his house featuring Bulgarian dishes like cold cucumber soup, stuffed peppers and feta cheese pie. I was going to make pomegranate sangria like the one Rhys and Thea have at the tapas restaurant but it has been a bit "chilly" here (as much as mid 60-70 degrees F can be chilly) ;-) and for me sangria is a warm weather drink. Ultimately I chose to make something inspired by the poppies on the book's cover and that Rhys conjures up for Thea. Poppy seeds are featured in many Eastern-European dishes, both sweet and savory. I wanted something simple and comforting so I went with pasta.
There are plenty of recipes for poppy seed noodles to be found--with toasted seeds, untoasted seeds, some where the poppy seeds are ground into a paste which seem more traditional but not as 'pretty.' ;-) I wanted a lemony version to use up some local Meyer lemons I had sitting about so I chose a basic recipe for Lemon Poppy Seed Noodles that I found on epicurious, swapping out the chives for parsley and some thyme, and adding a bit more lemon flavor.
Lemon Poppy Seed Noodles
Adapted from Gourmet, January 2003 via Epicurious
6 ounces wide egg noodles
1 1/2 teaspoons poppy seeds
1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest
(I added 2 tsp fresh Meyer lemon juice)
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives (I used flat-leaf parsley and thyme).
Notes/Results: Lemony, buttery, slightly herby with a little "crunch" from the poppy seeds, this is a quick and easy dish for when you want some comfort food or a basic side dish for a piece of chicken or fish. Maybe just don't make it for 'date night' or any time you don't want poppy seeds stuck in your teeth--they are pesky little buggers. ;-) Quick and satisfying, I would make it again.
Note: A review copy of "Wildalone"_0<<
I have a friend who lives in Bulgaria - I'll have to ask her to tell me about the folklore sometime, it sounds fascinating!
Thanks for being a part of the tour.
Sounds like an interesting book!Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
Warrensburg Parks & Recreation prides itself in providing a diverse, accessible, and multi-faceted Sports Program with individual, team and league activities for the young and young-at-heart, including baseball and softball, soccer, volleyball, flag football, basketball, 5K/10K Walk/Runs and Triathlon events.
Our Aquatics Program includes aerobic classes, private and group swim lessons, and special activities like Dive-In Movie Nights, Doggie Dives, Cardboard Boat Races, Aqua Camp and Swimming Under the Stars.
Our regular Activity Programs include individual and group fitness classes like Zumba, Spinning and Yoga, arts, crafts, nutrition & dance classes, Trips & Tours, Junior and Adult Community Chorus, and youth programs like Summer Day Camp, Out of School Days, Kids Night In and Tiny Tots. Special Activities include the Freedom Fest 4th of July Spectacular Celebration, along with our fun holiday celebrations.
Check out all our Programs & Activities as we Focus On FUN for everyone!
Interested in being a volunteer coach or teaching a class? Call us at
660-747-7178 for information on how you can sign up!.” More
Trackbacks/PingbacksThere are none bigger. The Mil Mi-12 is the largest helicopter ever built. Launched in the early 60’s by Mil Helicopters (Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant), named after its founder, Russian engineer Mikhail Mil, it made its first test flight in 1967.
Its dimensions are impressive, being as long as a Boeing 737, and its overall wingspan of 220 feet (67 m), is comparable to that of the A350. One unusual feature of the aircraft are its double-decker cockpits. The pilots are on the lower level, the navigator and the radio operator on the upper. Another distinguishing features are its two counter-rotating five-bladed rotors, allowing it to dispense with a tail rotor. Each rotor is supported on the wingtips of the unusual inverse taper wings.
Built during the Cold War, primarily to transport heavy nuclear missiles, its 21,200 ft3 (600 m3) freight compartment could hold a payload of 88,200 lbs (40 tonnes).
Although the Mil Mi-12 was presented at the Paris Air Show in 1971, the programme was stopped in 1974. Whilst no aircraft ever came off the production line, officially there were two prototypes produced, which today are on display near Moscow; one in the Russian Air Force museum and the other on the manufacturer's premises.But I am grateful that she's not walking yet, or crawling. Heck, the girl barely rolls over. She did start sitting up on her own this month. She's still not very good at it so we don't leave her by herself. She also has a few things working against her, such as a Jack and a Jude, that think it's funny to give her a push and watch her fall. Poor thing.
She also finally has her two bottom teeth in. Woo hoo! But her lack of teeth has done nothing for her ability to put away food. Actually, that's probably an overstatement as well. Julia still takes "mama milk" (as her brothers would say) all day and then gets to sample a little food at dinner time, usually whatever we're eating. It works out well at this point because by that time of day I'm tired and short on time (and milk).
We'll see how long this lasts. After 8 months I seem to have a more difficult time nursing with all my kids, but since she *could* be my last, I'd like to keep it up as long as possible. Then again, Jon and I also have a no-kids-allowed vacation coming up this winter that might make that kind of hard. After TIME magazine ran that lovely cover story I'm curious to see if I really am "mom enough." Okay, okay just kidding!
Anyway, back to the Little Miss. She's getting more vocal and has started repeating certain sounds. Like "mamamamama" which I'm going to go ahead and interpret as "mama" since she looks at me and smiles when she says it. She also says "babababa" (sorry no interpretation there).
In addition to chatting she's really perfected her raspberry blowing ability. She's always had a knack for this but lately her skill has gone through the roof. As in, you don't want to be within a 12 inch radius unless you've brought your umbrella. Really Girl, this isn't very ladylike.
She's also added a new sound to her repertoire this week, we like to call it the "hairball noise." It sounds exactly like she's hacking up a hairball and has been the cause of alarm for Jon or I on several different ocasions. But she's always fine, just testing her vocal limitations.
And then there's the groaning. She does this on long car rides especially and was driving her Daddy and I crazy last week on our way home from Virginia.
Recently she's started waving, too. Actually, it's more like a "hail" ... or worse yet, a Nazi salute. But I'm sure she really means to just say hello.
But my favorite Julia-act by far is her "cheese" face...
Big toothless grin, eyes crinkled ...
We may have caught it on camera a few times ...
I mean, if I managed to collect this many pictures imagine how often she does this a day!
Seriously, she's so entertaining.
So year, we kinda like having her around, and we're looking forward to seeing what developments that next few months have in store!
3 comments:
Ugh, my pediatrician mentioned that article the last time I brought Andrew in. On a better note, Julia's cheezy grins are ADORABLE!! I bet you can't stop giggling whenever she does that.
she is precious! i'm loving the facial expressions c:
Thanks Ladies! Sorry I'm slow to respond, and why doesn't my blog have a reply button!!??Mechanics
Mechanics for Alouette III
Download
Designed for use with the Jakadofsky turbine in a model helicopter such as the Alouette III.
The picture shows the mechanics in the installed state; the set is supplied in kit-form, i.e. not assembled. The Alouette III fuselage kit, Ord. No. 3501, is supplied with this mechanical system.Use your antibodies-online credentials, if available.
No Products on your Comparison List.
Your basket is empty.
Worldwide Shipping!
Find out more
»
Show all species
Show all synonyms
Select your species
CDK8-CycC may serve as transcriptional cofactors for EcR-dependent transcription.
observed biochemical association between Integrator proteins and cyclin C/Cdk8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits), and that overexpression of a kinase-dead Cdk8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits) causes snRNA misprocessing
our results suggest that mTORC1 activation in NAFLD (show TSC2 ELISA Kits) and insulin (show INS ELISA Kits) resistance results in down-regulation of the CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits)-CycC complex and elevation of lipogenic protein expression.
results suggest that CCNC temporarily protects SRC-2 (show NCOA2 ELISA Kits) against degradation and this event is involved in the transcriptional regulation of SRC-2 (show NCOA2 ELISA Kits) cell cycle target genes.
Cancer-mediated CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits) point mutations (D173A and D189N) change the binding pattern of cdk8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits) to its partner, CycC.
cyclin-C-CDK (show CDK4 ELISA Kits) complexes phosphorylate the Notch1 (show NOTCH1 ELISA Kits) intracellular domain (ICN1) and promote ICN1 degradation
analysis of the structure-kinetic relationship of the cyclin-dependent kinase 8 (CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits))/cyclin C (CycC) complex
Silencing beta-catenin gene may induce changes of cell cycle and in cyclin B1 and cyclin C protein expression.
2.2-A crystal structure of CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits)/CycC in complex with sorafenib; CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits) structure reveals a unique CycC recognition helix that explains the specificity of the CDK8 (show CDK8 ELISA Kits)/CycC pair and discrimination among the highly promiscuous binding in the CDK (show CDK4 ELISA Kits)/cyclin (show PCNA ELISA Kits) family
Studies establish cyclin C as a critical regulator of the G(0)/G(1) transition of human HSPCs and suggest that modulating cyclin C levels may be useful for HSC (show FUT1 ELISA Kits) expansion and more efficient engraftment.
The present observations suggest different cellular functions of cyclin C in neurons and astrocytes in alzheimer's disease.
A cellular pool of cyclin C combines with cdk3 (show CDK3 ELISA Kits) to stimulate pRb (show RB1 ELISA Kits) ELISA Kits).
cyclin C connects stress-induced mitochondrial hyperfission and programmed cell death in mammalian cells.
Data show that the isolated 3.6-KB promoter fragment alone is not sufficient for the complete physiological modulation of cyclin C RNA.
Results identify LSF (show TFCP2 ELISA Kits) as only the second known target (in addition to pRb (show PGR ELISA Kits)) of cyclin C/CDK2 (show CDK2 ELISA Kits) activity during progression from quiescence to early G(1).
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the cyclin family of proteins. The encoded protein interacts with cyclin-dependent kinase 8 and induces the phophorylation of the carboxy-terminal domain of the large subunit of RNA polymerase II. The level of mRNAs for this gene peaks in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. Two transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene.
cyclin C
, CG7281-PA
, CycC-PA
, cyclin-C
, SRB11 homolog
, hSRB11
, dJ199J3.4 (cyclin C)White Mountain Hearth
Vented or Vent-Free
Every log is hand painted for exception detail,
while the shape and position of each log
has been carefully engineered to complement
the flame pattern of Empire’s
exclusive Slope Glaze Burner for the most realism.
All log sets are available in a variety of options.Welcome to 8tracks radio: free music streaming for any time, place, or mood. tagged with fall, coffee, autumn, and indie. You can also download one of our free apps to enjoy internet radio on your favorite device.
Fall 2014
by Isaac Green
1183 29 13 tracks
Fall of a Sudden
846 45 36 tracks
Semester
411 29 20 tracks
Pumpkin Spice Mix
1802 123 8 tracks
What Could've Been
by exhaustchen
45 9 12 tracks
all we do
by meaganlane
558 39 8 tracksOn Your Feet! Reviews
Seen this show? Why not help your fellow Los Angeles Theater visitors.Write a review
Rubi from Los Angeles, California
I WOULD WATCH THIS AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN
LOVED OYF!! Saw it in New York and I laughed and I cried and I wanted to keep crying after it ended. Can't wait to watch it again
Helpful? Yes - 1670No - 1623 Report
Maria Luisa Castellanos from Miami, Florida
WE UNDERPAID!
I came out of the theater and said to my friend that we had underpaid! It was such a good show that it was worth seeing again at twice what we paid. I have never seen such a good musical. Everything was excellent - the singing, the singers and dancers, the stage sets, the choreography, and the story! We had very good orchestra seats. Seats above the ground floor are not anywhere as good. I can't recommend the musical enough.
Helpful? Yes - 612No - 616 Report
Julie smith from St. Louis, Missouri
ON YOUR FEET
saw this in new york vibrant and exciting music awesome story of gloria was right on may go see again in st louis it was just that good took 7th and 8th graders they loved it
Helpful? Yes - 2520No - 2542 Report
Ed Golden from Miami, Florida
ONE OF THE BEST EVER!
I laughed. I cried. I danced. Poignant and thoroughly entertaining. The storyline, supplemented by perfectly applied lyrics and song, made this my second favorite show of all time - second only to Jersey Boys. I have been going to Broadway Shows since I was a kid, growing up in New York City, and, at 71 years old, have seen some phenomenal performances. So for me to rank this show as the second best ever - is saying something. This is a show that the entire family will enjoy - albeit on different levels.
Helpful? Yes - 652No - 671 Report 9
-
-
Nearby
Additional Information
Spread the word!
Keep up to date!
Straight to your inbox
Please note: The term Pantages Theater Hollywood and/or On Your Feet! as well as all associated graphics, logos, and/or other tradermarks, tradenames or copyrights are the property of the Pantages Theater Hollywood and/or On Your Feet! and are used herein for factual descriptive purposes only. We are in no way associated with or authorized by the Pantages Theater Hollywood and/or On Your Feet! and neither that entity nor any of its affiliates have licensed or endorsed us to sell tickets, goods and or services in conjunction with their events.Monthly Archives: May 2014
Samui Regatta – AY Race Report 4.
This Week’s Sailing News: Safety First, 2K & 10K Euro, Pirates Ahoy, Sail In The City & More…
Sailing Stars and History Converge for 2014 Etchells World Championship
Forty Audi Melges 20s Set To Embellish 2014 Audi-Tron Sailing Series Talamone Starting Line.
Fatigue, poor communications blamed in bulker grounding
A happy boat is a fast boat
Prize Money For World’s Best Women’s Match Racers Competing In Cork Harbour
The ISAF Women’s Match Racing World Championships organising committee is proud to announce a prize fund of €10,000 to be allocated to the top sailors at the regatta, set to be held from 3-8 June 2014 in Cork, Ireland.
The Brand New Orion Range for 2014 – Athletic Design and Exceptional performance – designed for the active sportsboat sailors
The new Orion WINDSTOPPER® garments are unashamedly designed for the active keelboat sailor where hi-functionality and performance are essential. These Bi-component garments offer 100% windproof protection together with a high degree of water resistance to keep you dry and comfortable without compromising movement and flexibility even during periods of intense activity.
Rolls-Royce Develops New Offshore Support Vessel.Breaking wordsraghugada Jan 17, 2015 8:34 AM
Very Serious Issue With Indesign
Hi,
I noticed there is a serious issue with indesign, the words are breaking across two lines, i have attached the indesign file and snapshot of page no 4, highlighted the text where its breaking.
I am using Indesign CS6, Scripting is in Hindi Language.
This script works perfectly in pagemaker, with the same font, but with Indesign its causing very serious Issue
Download Breaking Words.rar from Sendspace.com - send big files the easy way
Regards,
Raghu
1. Re: Breaking wordsEllis home Jan 17, 2015 10:33 AM (in response to raghugada)
Setting the kerning to Optical (instead of Metrics) seems to fix the issue. But you'll have to check for other unintended modifications to the script (I don't know Hindi). Also set the language to Hindi. When I open the document is set to English UK.
2. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 17, 2015 3:11 PM (in response to Ellis home)
Some was English UK, some US, but changing to Hindi alone didn't change anything for me. I didn't try the kerning. Setting the language to No Language would probably prevent any words from breaking (except possibly those with the hyphens).
3. Re: Breaking wordsraghugada Jan 18, 2015 2:21 AM (in response to Peter Spier)
Hi,
Setting the kerning to optical, the character spacing decreases a lot and it looks very odd., By setting the tracking to 1 or 2 points it solves the problem, but i need to look for every line wheather its breaking, or when i change the settings like increasing the font size or decreasing it. then once again i need to look over this issue.
Is there any alternate way where i can set the default values and it works perfectly ?
I am expecting there should be some way of doing it, Because this works perfectly in pagemaker and other text editors, there should be some way ?
4. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 18, 2015 3:49 AM (in response to raghugada)
I think there is something odd going on here, but I don't know what it is. Applying No Language didn't prevent the break either, nor did optical kerning if applied to just the word that shouldn't break, which makes me think it was purely a coincidence that it works if applied to the entire paragraph (a combination of reduced character spacing throughout and the column width). No Language would keep words from breaking with a hyphen, I guess, but there is no hyphen being inserted where your words are breaking, so it's almost as if there is a non-joiner or discretionary line break character that has been added, but I don't see one.
5. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 18, 2015 4:13 AM (in response to Peter Spier)
I think maybe the problem is the font itself, which looks like it is not really Unicode compliant. The character where the break is occurring is mapped to the underline Low Line, or underscore character, which would explain a lot. I think we've actually seen this problem reported previously with these particular fonts, and you should try a new font that is really Unicode, but simply changing the font may not be enough, if the text was keyed using the mapping for this font.
Joel Cherney has posted about this a few times, and maybe he'll drop in here as well. I'll ping him.
6. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 18, 2015 5:36 AM (in response to Peter Spier)
Another thought I've just had is this might be easily fixed with a GREP style added to the paragraph styles. I don't know anything at all about setting Hindi, but I get the sense that words should never break.
One possibility would be to create a No Break character style, and apply it as a GREP style to \S which means anything except white space. This would, however, prevent breaks at hyphens and dashes entered into the text as well. This might not be a problem since one of your examples of an unwanted break actually is occurring on a character mapped to the hyphen.
The other possibility would be to apply the No Break character style to just the character mapped to the Low Line or to a class containing just the problem characters that you don't want to have triggering breaks.
7. Re: Breaking words[Jongware] Jan 18, 2015 6:46 AM (in response to Peter Spier)
Peter Spier wrote:
I think maybe the problem is the font itself, which looks like it is not really Unicode compliant. The character where the break is occurring is mapped to the underline Low Line, or underscore character, which would explain a lot.
InDesign's formatting, line breaking, and word breaking algorithms all assume the font is properly encoded. If that is not the case, you get a situation where, say, the hyphen character is "drawn" as an "A". This works as long as you type "-" where you want an "A" but as soon as InDesign needs to break a word, you'd see it unexpectedly break "on" the A. (And other hyphenated words suddenly end with an A.)
The very best thing to do is ditch this font. It's a dead end; no current or newer software will be able to work with it. Joel is one of the strongest advocates for that (I come running right behind him).
The solution is to import your text, then use Find/Change for every single character code to the proper one. All of them! (It helps if you can find a predefined mapping for your font. It even helps more if you know how to write scripts )
Earlier discussions (I feel I might have missed some):
Urgent! "Unwanted characters break" in InDesign
Need to change a regional typeface
in InDesign Line Break at only "Space" not to word
8. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 18, 2015 7:16 AM (in response to [Jongware])
For the record, I agree with Jongware here, and I think he's captured what Joel would suggest (but I also think Joel might already have the required script -- he's had to do a lot of this). My Grep style suggestion is strictly a work-around to get this project out the door.
9. Re: Breaking wordsraghugada Jan 19, 2015 12:29 AM (in response to [Jongware])
Hi,
I have tested even setting it to no language is not working for me,
I see the work around is grep style, but this need to be defined for the every new font and new settings (such as font size, justification etc).
A line should break only at a space not at any character, in the indesign file i have sent its breaking the line at
particular character which is having the GID number 65 and Unicode; 005F
This would help you to resolve the issue.
One more thing i know the scripting, give me few examples to predefine font mappings
Regards,
Raghu
10. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 19, 2015 2:23 AM (in response to raghugada)
A GREP style is part of a paragraph style definition. It is not dependent on the font size or justification defined in that style (but you do need to define paragraph styles]. If you change the fonts in this document without remapping ALL of the characters to the correct unicode values you will almost certainly wind up with gibberish.
Unicode 005F is the _ character position, and applying a No Break character style to _ does solve the problem for that character. Your screen captures show a break also at the hyphen, however, and I don't know if that is really a problem.
11. Re: Breaking wordsraghugada Jan 21, 2015 8:44 PM (in response to Peter Spier)
Hi,
How to remapp all of the characters to correct unicode values ?
Can u please explain in details ? And are there any scripts to do this ?
12. Re: Re: Breaking words[Jongware] Jan 22, 2015 2:17 AM (in response to raghugada)
raghugada wrote:
One more thing i know the scripting, give me few examples to predefine font mappings
Hmmm ... "few" examples I don't know about -- it depends on the font. An example is; this lists the correct Unicode code point and the code inside a certain font (in this case, "Symbol"). A script can use such a list to translate every character for that particular font only (I cannot stress that enough!) to the correct characters.
So first you must find out what font mapping your font(s) use. If you are lucky, someone else already did that for you and you can find it on the Internet. If not, you will have to make it yourself.
13. Re: Breaking wordsraghugada Jan 22, 2015 4:53 AM (in response to [Jongware])
Hi,
If u can guide me or give some sample code i can do it?
If there is any library or documentation on that i can do it?
it will be very helpful if there are any thing related to that ?
14. Re: Breaking wordsPeter Spier Jan 22, 2015 5:44 AM (in response to raghugada)The BSC 2014 Junior Production of Seussical Jr exploded onto the stage - transporting its audience into the charming, entertaining and wonderfully whacky world of Dr Seuss. Drawing on the considerable talent pool within our Junior School, this production was the culmination of hard work and commitment by our Junior School Centre Stage, Junior Production and Stagecraft elective classes.
The Junior Production is an opportunity to introduce younger students to the musical theatre experience; a platform where students can hone their performance talents, gain confidence and learn valuable stage or orchestral skills. Just as importantly, others can explore their interests in in the many technical aspects of stage production such as set design, costume, sound and backstage processes through this event. Invariably, the Junior Production identifies hidden talents within the student body and Seussical Jr was no exception; we look forward to seeing many of the cast and crew participate in the whole-school production in 2015!SOURCE: Arcadia Data
January 18, 2017 09:00 ET
Company credited for modernizing business intelligence for the big data era
Company credited for modernizing business intelligence for the big data era
SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - Jan 18, 2017) - Arcadia Data, the visual analytics software that solves the most complex big data problems, today announced that the company has received Enterprise Strategy Group's (ESG) annual Delta-V Award, recognizing the top 20 companies that accelerated innovation in big data and analytics in 2016. The award highlights software systems that seek to make big data tangible and translatable to real world applications.
"We are humbled to be recognized by ESG as one of the most innovative big data companies of the past year," said Shant Hovsepian, co-founder and chief technology officer at Arcadia Data. "Arcadia strives to put data analytics in the hands of the business user, allowing data scientists and business analysts alike to more easily and continuously explore, model and refine all of their data. Moreover, we enable customers to create visual data applications which are online, collaborative, and impacting business in real-time"
Arcadia Data was selected for this honor by ESG for its efforts in changing the velocity of insights with big data. Arcadia Enterprise is the only visual analytics tool that fills the gap between easy data visualization and complex advanced analytics while solving problems around cybersecurity and fraud, making itself indispensable for companies looking to securely pinpoint meaningful information and act quickly in the age of big data. This win comes on the heels of the company's recent launch of Arcadia Enterprise 3.3, the industry's first real-time, modern BI platform for cloud-native, on-premises and Hadoop-native deployments.
"Arcadia wants to modernize BI for the big data era, with a universal platform that spans on-premises and cloud-based data, whether in HDFS, HBase, Kudu, Amazon S3, Spark Datasets, or relational databases," said Nik Rouda, senior analyst covering big data, business intelligence, analytics, and visualization at ESG. "Recent advances include visualization of real-time data alongside the historical context, tie in to Apache Solr for search, and recommendation technology to improve performance for more concurrent users.":.
Press Contact Olivia Civiletto
Merritt Group, Inc. for Arcadia Dataarcadiadata@merrittgrp.com
Press Contact Olivia Civiletto
Merritt Group, Inc. for Arcadia Dataarcadiadata@merrittgrp.com
See all RSS NewsfeedsOkay -we’ve all seen the polls, the videos, the articles, etc about Top 10 moments for Hardison, Best Quotes, Great Hardison and Parker moments, etc. But – those are picked by TNT or the writer. So here’s your chance to give input on YOUR opinion. I’m going to make 4 videos with clips about these three lists and a freebie. I want fan input – not the creators. 🙂 Feel free to list more than one or even more than 10 if you can’t narrow it down but keep it under 15 please lol
- Best Hardison Moments
- Best Hardison/Parker Moments
- Best Hardison Quotes
- Also – a fill in category. Such as Best Moments that Hardison said “Age of the Geek” or Eliot yelled at him saying “Damnit Hardison!”, etc, whatever you can come up with. I’ll make a random video of that too lol
Everything will be screened comments so the videos will be a surprise. I want answers before May 20th!!!!INTRODUCTION
Around
1875, Oliver Heaviside pioneered high speed pulse signalling down a coaxial
undersea cable between Newcastle and Denmark. This led to his theory of
electromagnetism, which runs to five volumes. His approach is based on
the TEM wave travelling at the speed of light down a dielectric guided
by two conductors.
Development
of the more glamorous wireless signalling around 1900 erased Heaviside's
approach. In 1960, when the centre of gravity reverted to Heaviside's
problem, this time on the back plane of a digital computer, Heaviside
and his earlier approach had disappeared from the record.
A quick check
in the indexes of today's text books on electromagnetism will show that,
along with Heaviside, the TEM wave has virtually disappeared from today's
electromagnetic theory. What little mention there is, is confusing. One
book calls the TEM wave a degenerate form!
As data rates
increase, wired communication comes more and more into the fore. I adopt
the approach appropriate to the new situation, very much centred on the
guided TEM wave.
This book
comes after a long gap in the author's publications on electromagnetism,
which began a quarter of a century ago with a major paper revolutionising
the theory of crosstalk in the IEEE Transactions on Computers, December
1967. Previous books are listed in the Cumulative Index at the end of
this book.
Text book
writers of the last fifty years seem to have fed on each other. Confusion
has accumulated as writers with no practical experience of the art have
copied and re-copied each other. Generally, a growing welter of dubious
and irrelevant mathematics has submerged the subject. Their divorce from
practical experience of driven waves (as opposed to the standing waves
of wireless and radar) makes the present challenge, to bring the art back
to the Heaviside mainstream, difficult but rewarding for the author and
for the reader. Bizarre extremes adopted as quick-fixes in 'modern physics'
further confuse the subject, which should be reasonably straightforward.
Ivor
Catt.
St.
Albans, 1994
List of Contents[ love the Ultra Boost and want your mind blown then check out this never seen before masterpiece.
Built by Carmeno Customs, this very special Ultra Boost has been titled the Merlot edition for its deep burgundy upper complete with gold detailing (for the wine bottle tip).
To create this pair, Carmeno uncaged the Boost and dyed the upper, something that takes a lot of time and patience.
Take a look at the tongue and you will find laser engraved logos for Carmeno and also The Sole Supplier.
Let us know what you think and what you would like to see next and if you want a custom like this contact Carmeno Customs immediately as he gets very busy.
[/et_pb_text][et_pb_gallery admin_label=”Gallery” gallery_ids=”7261,7262]I don’t normally just post trailers, but I think you’ll understand why I posted this one. Make sure you watch in fullscreen HD, if you can:
Assassin’s Creed games really do seem to get cooler and cooler with each iteration. I suspect they may one day become so cool that they form some kind of Coolness Black Hole, utterly destroying the universe.
Advertisements
One thought on “Assassin’s Creed: Revelations Trailer”
I’ve watched this trailer more times than strictly necessary. I think I can only attribute a couple of those to my weird crush on Oldzio–uh, Ezio. Such a miraculous beard!As businesses continue to venture into the digital world, the frequency of cyber attacks is increasing along with it. Of the many types of attacks, DDoS is gaining popularity because it’s easy and inexpensive for hackers to implement—and expensive for you to overcome.
Unfortunately, no business or industry is immune to DDoS attacks. Specifically, the following industries are becoming increasingly dependent on digital business processes and are becoming more at risk to attacks because of it:
- Healthcare
- Hospitality
- Government
- Education
- Retail
- Finance
If you fall victim to one of these attacks, make sure you take the steps outlined in our FREE guide, to rebound as quickly as possible.
Here it is, my final list. This is my gift to Bortman, Jacinta, Cyber Gamer and all the other quest helpers.
Sometimes quests are hard to find because the titles are too vague or contain only short words. So I did a deep dive and found all the quest posts to date. As quests seem to be only repeated now, it seems safe to finally post this.
If a quest has had multiple posts, I included a link for all of them.
Posted 10-03-15 - A Battle of Words
Posted 09-06-15 - A Beginning of Wisdom
Posted 08-26-15 - A Blessing in Disguise
Posted 08-29-15 - A Book of Secrets
Posted 09-28-15 - A Breach of Confidence
Posted 08-23-15 - A Broken Grasp
Posted 09-30-15 - A Broken Heart
Posted 08-20-15 - A Broken String of Life
Posted 10-24-15 - A Broken Trust
Posted 02-04-16 - A Burden of Proof
Posted 08-28-15 - A Cabin in a Wagon
Posted 01-16-16 - A Calculated Risk
Posted 01-19-16 - A Can of Worms
Posted 12-12-15 - A Catastrophe
Posted 07-16-15 - A Child's Garden of Mummies
Posted 09-16-15 - A City of Lights
Posted 12-11-15 - A Coward's Call
Posted 09-21-15 - A Crazy Camaraderie
Posted 09-15-15 - A Cup of Free Tea
Posted 12-08-15 - A Dark Night
Posted 03-21-16 - A Dark Night
Posted 06-18-16 - A Delicate Touch of Life
Posted 08-24-15 - A Delicate Touch of Things
Posted 09-30-15 - A Dose of Effort
Posted 06-29-15 - A Drop in the Ocean
Posted 10-22-15 - A Fight For Honor!
Posted 08-26-15 - A Flight of Fancy
Posted 03-29-16 - A Flight of Fancy
Posted 10-25-15 - A Fools Paradise
Posted 02-22-14 - A Game of Games
Posted 09-01-15 - A Girl About Town
Posted 09-24-15 - A Glimpse of Daylight
Posted 04-01-16 - A Glimpse of Daylight
Posted 08-21-15 - A Glummy Glance
Posted 01-06-16 - A Gold Strike
Posted 09-23-15 - A Golden Promise
Posted 02-19-16 - A Golden Rule
Posted 10-15-15 - A Graceful Presence
Posted 03-29-16 - A Graceful Presence
Posted 02-21-16 - A Green Light
Posted 02-22-16 - A Grey Existence
Posted 09-20-15 - A Grumpy Group of Kids
Posted 02-13-16 - A Guilty Pleasure
Posted 02-24-16 - A Happy Camper
Posted 02-25-16 - A Head Start
Posted 10-14-15 - A Hidden Charm
Posted 09-04-15 - A Joyful Dream
Posted 03-30-16 - A Joyful Dream
Posted 03-18-16 - A Lake of Dark Treasure
Posted 09-14-15 - A Lake of Dark TreasuresWhile the average person may imagine that most factories and plants in their city will indeed be almost completely fitted with all manner of fancy machines performing the lion’s share of the work, automation is actually sorely missing in many sectors.
If you own a factory or plant, and feel like it is sorely missing in some automation aspect, then you want to look to a leading name in automation services such as Trimantec for your modernized.
What is Automation in Today’s World?
The modern world of science and technology has brought an abundance of development in industry. Levels of production that were once unimaginable are now being completed every single hour around the world.
We have the brilliant minds that continue to develop the wonderful machines that tirelessly strive to support the industrial sector and economy. There are no sectors that will not benefit from the right level of machinery being installed.
Today, the avenues that benefit the best from automation are endless. They include processes such as dispensing, cutting, welding, material handling, packing, palletizing, hazardous waste handling, smelting and the handling of superheated materials and substances.
What Automation Brings to you and your Employee’s Lives
Every factor of your production and business runnings will begin improving and running more productively and smoother, not to mention with a new grade of safety. You will also begin to see your profitability soar.
A Reduction in Production Costs: While the actual purchase and installation of automated machinery might be a moderate expense, you will not believe how incredible the rate of investment will be.
Maximizing Floor Space: Space is limited in most factories, and those in charge of making the most out of such areas will benefit infinitely when automated machinery can do a wide variety of tasks in a smaller space than was previously being achieved.
A Precise Resource Usage: Robots can be programmed to utilize the exact amount of raw materials that you instruct them to. There is minimal wastage with such advanced levels of precision and artificial intelligence.
Reduced Waste Levels: This point ties into the previous one: with a more precise resource usage comes a far lessened and controlled level of waste production. You can also employ automated robots to handle waste disposal in the safest and most efficient manner possible.
An Increased Level of Reliability and Quality: Automation results in an infinitely repeatable work schedule that is continually completed quickly and with absolute finesse. You are assured the exact same quality results every single time you run a task.
As for repairs, today’s automated machinery barely ever needs repairing or part replacement, being designed to be themselves as unstoppable as their perfected working schedules. You should not expect costly repair orders.
Staying Ahead of the Competition: Business owners will most likely have competitors. Nothing puts you ahead of the game like automation, and nothing will boost your position in the charts and graphs like the most appropriate upgrades to your factories or plants.Michael had never hired a prostitute before, but it had been so long since he had been with a woman that he was desperate. He picked up a gorgeous blonde woman that asked if he wouldn't mind trying something a little different. He agreed, and she slipped away for a moment, returning in a spandex blue one-piece catsuit. She then asked Michael to tie her up. As he did so, he thought about how kinky this would be, but then she started mumbling some strange words. Then Michael passed out. When he awoke, he found himself in the position he had left the prostitute in. There was no sign of his body anywhere. She must have taken it! How was Michael going to get his own body back? How was he even going to get untied!?
WOW classic very good story
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.I am posting an interview with Suneeta Misra, the author of Rani of Rampur. If you have some time, I encourage you to check out this novel, and her blog:. Enjoy! More reviews and other fun stuff coming your way soon!
1. What is your background and how did you get involved in writing?
I have been a Maryland public school teacher for the last 20 years, and have always been involved in encouraging my students to write. I grew up in India, hearing folktales from my grandmothers, about the different gods and goddesses of Hinduism. In fact, in Asia, as in Africa, oral storytelling is a way of passing down cultural values. All children are told stories about the past history of their country or community. I also got interested in making documentaries on the education of lower-caste girls in India, who have been kept out of the school system for so long. While shooting for a documentary, I was humbled by the challenges that many of these girls had faced in order to complete their education. Inspired by some of the stories I heard, I decided to write a fictionalized account of a strong Indian girl who refuses to become a victim, and in fact, ends up rescuing some of those who are dear to her.
2. Tell me more about writing Rani of Rampur, and how you developed the characters and specific situations in the novel.
As I said before, I have always wanted to write stories with a strong female protagonist, due to my interest in the education of lower-caste girls in India. I also have an abiding interest in the mystery genre, and so I thought that combining these two interests would make it a page-turner, and a much more interesting tale.
3. Why did you choose to talk about the politics of India in your story, which could otherwise be categorized as a mystery?
I believe that you cannot separate the politics of India, which is so volatile, from any story about the interactions between the land-owning rich and the landless poor. Since its independence in 1948, India has been a democracy, and has tried to bring about land redistribution, to balance the scales between the rich and the poor. In reality, it has not succeeded, and much of the land is in the hands of a small percentage of people, in a country that still has a largely agricultural economy. Therefore, the relationship between the “landed and the landless”, especially in rural India, is exploitative.
4. In discussing this book with others, I have often heard the following question: Why are many of the male characters in this book evil? Please discuss your thoughts on this matter.
India has a patriarchal society, and thus much of the power is still in the hands of the male members of the family. Women are often viewed as minions and this is surprising in a country which has a history replete with strong warrior queens and a major religion dominated by female deities. Despite these contradictions, the relationship between men and women in India remains exploitative, with females enduring the brunt of society’s injustices.
5. Tell me about what’s next for you.
I am currently working on my second novel, which is again set in a fictitious village in India. It is about a much younger autistic girl. Durga, who overcomes overwhelming odds, to save her friends and family from evil. In this book, I have tried to look at the world through the eyes of this highly intelligent autistic child, in contrast to that of her sister, who is illiterate, but normal in the eyes of society.Howard Shaffer was on CCTV with Rob Roper on July 14. Howard and Rob talked about Vermont Yankee and Vermont's Energy Future. You can watch the video on this blog or see it on TV according to this schedule. The early part of the video covers other Vermont issues, and the energy part begins at around the ten minute mark. They discuss Vermont Yankee, Vermont wind energy, and the proposed new transmission lines. It's a great summary of Vermont's pressing energy issues.
However. July 14 was before Murtha's ruling on the injunction, so the some of the video feels like ancient history. However, tomorrow night at 6 p.m., Howard will be on WCAX TV with an update. Be sure to watch!Follow EurasiaNet on
Russia
Azerbaijan
China
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Eight-year-old Amirjon helps gather wood for his grandfather
Baburforov in Yanchob, a mountainous village near Dushanbe. The UN says 70
percent of Tajikistan's mountain forests have disappeared since
independence in 1991. (Photo: EurasiaNet)
.
Baburforov’s story is typical. Since the fall of the Soviet Union and the end of its fuel subsidies 20 years ago, many Tajiks are becoming increasingly reliant on wood. Prices for imported fuels and coal continue to rise. According to a September report by the United Nations Development Program, 70 percent of Tajikistan’s mountain woodlands have disappeared since independence. The naked landscapes created by deforestation are prone to natural disasters, in particular mudslides. In addition, precious farmland is literally washing away.
Deforestation is a symptom of Tajikistan’s long-term energy crisis, says Ben Slay, senior economist at the UNDP Bureau for Europe and the CIS. “Pressures on Tajikistan's forestry resources are a direct result of household energy insecurity. If they [families] had reliable access to modern heat and electricity services, households would not need to make such extensive use of biomass,” Slay told EurasiaNet.org.
According to the UNDP, floods, mudslides and erosion inhibit the ability to cultivate about 50,000 hectares of land every year. This is significant for a country with less than 700,000 hectares of arable land. There is also growing danger to people and personal property. In May 2010, for instance, mudslides attributed to erosion left at least 15 dead and thousands homeless in Kulob.
“Such reductions in ecological capital reduce the productivity of land, labor, and other resources, reducing potential economic growth and increasing poverty,” Slay said.
Almost 70 percent of Tajiks living in rural areas use wood as their primary source of fuel, according to estimates prepared by the German government’s development agency, GIZ. Tajikistan’s underfunded, understaffed and undertrained employees of leskhozy, state-funded entities responsible for forest management, are struggling to combat deforestation.
“Forests are important for the local economy. If you have forests you have trade in timber and non-timber forest products,” said Joachim Kirchhoff, who manages the GIZ’s forestry reform program in Dushanbe on behalf of Germany’s Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ). Those skilled in forestry management are disappearing. “The low salaries do not attract young and motivated people,” he said. Kirchhoff added that there are no dedicated forestry management courses at universities in Tajikistan. Most specialists still on the job were educated at Soviet institutions in Kiev and Moscow.
In the Gunt Valley of the remote Pamir Mountains, one ranger said he is supposed to cover 5,000 hectares, even though he lacks a vehicle. “I am paid just 150 somoni [$31] per month. How can I live on that money? I have to spend some of my time working on my farm. I cannot afford to spend all my time looking after the forests,” said the ranger, who was afraid he would be fired if his name appeared in print.
“I have no transport,” he told EurasiaNet.org. “How can I cover such a large area?”
The government may be slowly waking up to the problem. “The country now has a relatively modern forest law revised in August that is based on sustainable forest management,” Kirchhoff said. The next step is to develop a forestry policy, which would establish mechanisms to implement the new legislation.
Due to the lack of government funding, “there is a need for donor support and the development of a forestry management system that generates income,” Kirchhoff said. GIZ is urging the government to privatize forests in the Pamirs, where farmers would be given 70 percent of the revenues from the forests in return for managing them in sustainable way.
But like many donor-driven initiatives in Tajikistan, it’s unclear how much the government in Dushanbe is buying into the reforms. Regulations mean little in corruption-infused Tajikistan, where bureaucrats often allow personal financial interests to cloud the long-term outlook.
“If we could find an alternative fuel, we would be happy to use it,” Baburforov, the mountain villager, told EurasiaNet.org. “We understand that we are destroying our land, our home, but we have no choice as things are. We need to keep our families warm and be able to cook.”
Repost: Want to repost this article? Read the rules »
We would like to hear your opinion about the new site. Tell us what you like, and what you don't like in an email and send it to: info@eurasianet.orgTUCKER, Ark. (ABC NEWS) - Two correctional officers who were briefly held hostage Friday night by a pair of inmates at an Arkansas maximum security prison have been released, and their captors are in custody, officials said.
The incident took place in the housing area at the Maximum Security Unit in Tucker, located about 30 miles southeast of Little Rock.
The officers were released at 7 p.m. local time with minor injuries, including cuts and bruises, said Solomon Graves, public information officer for the Arkansas Department of Correction.
Following "a use of force," both inmates were taken into custody, Graves said.
When the hostage situation began, emergency response teams from the Department of Correction headed to the scene and Arkansas State Police were notified. notified, Solomon Graves, public information officer for the Arkansas Department of Correction, said in a statement.
It was unclear what prompted the hostage situation.Hotel Accommodation near Borgarbyggd
Search 1 hotels in Borgarbyggd
Get Secret Prices on selected hotels
These prices aren’t available to everyone.
Where to stay in Borgarbyggd
Iceland   accommodation in Borgarbyggd - Hotels.com offers great last-minute Borgarbyggd hotels deals and discount room rates. Our hotels in Borgarbyggd can easily be booked online. Our fast online search facility allows you to:
- - Find and compare different hotels in Borgarbyggd by star rating, amenities, theme, or brand
- - Choose the perfect Borgarbyggd hotel and view room rates, hotel details, guest reviews and photos
- - Securely book your hotel room online today!
- - Receive email and text confirmations with reservation details of your online hotel bookingCrispins Welding Service
3750 NE 12th Ave., Pompano Beach, FL 33064
(954) 839-0692
Compliment this business
Contacts
Street address:
3750 NE 12th Ave.
City / suburb:
Pompano Beach
County:
Broward
State:
Florida
ZIP code:
33064-5108
Phone:
(954) 839-0692
Contact name:
Crispin Villarreal
Contact title:
President
GPS Longitude:
-80.106957
GPS Latitude:
26.277416
Places nearby
0.02 miles away
Home Builders
0.02 miles away
Swimming Pool Contractors Dealers and Designers Crispins Welding Service contacts
Install a QR code reading app on your smartphone to scan and convert it to Crispins Welding Service contact information.
Reviews
There are no reviews on Crispins Welding Service yet.
Be the first to write a review about your experience with the company.
Be the first to write a review about your experience with the company.
More details about Crispins Welding Service
According to our records, this business is located at 3750 NE 12th Ave. in Pompano Beach (in Broward County), Florida 33064, the location GPS coordinates are: 26.277416 (latitude), -80.106957 (longitude). Crispins Welding Service is categorized under Welding (SIC code 7692). Known organization president is Crispin Villarreal. Current estimates show that the unit has a sales volume of $96,000 and staff of approximately 1 worker. You can contact the company by phone at (954) 839-0692.
Not satisfied? Select a reason•Rate this page•Send feedback
Or try our search form or quick navigation by category and location
Recommended categories in Pompano Beach, FL
Similar companies
James Haugen Welding
1203 Se 9th Terrace # 102, Lee, FL
Lee Gwatkin Fabricators
210 Juno St # A, Palm Beach, FL
Rick S Onsite Welding Inc
3720 PackardI’ve heard it said since I was a kind – “Christianity isn’t a religion it’s a relationship.” And yet in my personal and pastoral experience for many years now I’ve found that most people actually choose religion over relationship. Why? For the very same reason the apostle Paul put his confidence in the flesh for so many years before his conversion – It makes me feel in control and brings me to a place where I can boast about what I’ve accomplished (Philippians 3:4ff). Relationship with the Triune God is hard work … heck relationship with anyone is hard work. It requires patience, a persevering pursuit, and years of doing the same thing (the Bible calls that faithfulness). In contrast to religion which can flare up in glorious displays of passion, mighty acts of sacrifice, and no real need to deal with what’s going on inside one’s soul. Who dare question such spiritual power. The sad and unfortunate thing is that in my own life and as I watch, counsel, and shepherd the lives of others – those spiritual displays more often than not fade, or worse are found out to be false and man-centered. The “form of godliness” that Paul speaks of can actually come in the “picture of power” that denies the real power of God (2 Timothy 3:5).
The Characteristics of Religion
The appeal to the flesh in religion is strong … and yet often very subtle (deceptive). Religion says – “there is more that you can do.” And that more can take the form of rigid moralism that does all it can to clean the outside of the cup, reducing the Gospel to a set of rules to be followed void of any considerations of the heart. Or it can take the form of spiritual fervor that does all it can to demonstrate passion, power, and love for God, reducing the Gospel to a spiritual power pill that claims intimacy with God based on the obvious external behaviors. The problem? Both are driven by the flesh, preoccupied by activity, and closed to evaluation by others. Religion produces performers – some look “nice and attractive” and some look “mean and uninviting”, but both feed the flesh making one’s confidence in something other than what Christ has one for all done for needy undeserving sinners.
The Characteristics of Relationship
Relationship says – “I have nothing to offer you, and demand nothing of you, I just want You!” This is the reason marriage is so hard … if you don’t do what I need and I don’t do what you need there is every reason to retreat in fear. We all want to be in relationships where the expectation is of two flawed individuals who can embrace each other warts and all (SIN and all). How does this play out in our relationship with the Lord? Who wants to be a fervent prayer warrior in the closet day after day when Sunday affords me the opportunity to show how spiritual I am? Who wants to evaluate your own heart with Psalm 139 “Search me Spirit of God” prayers when you can feel good about the things you’ve accomplished and the influence you have? There is little appeal to the flesh in faithful enduring commitment to relationship.
So …
Recognize that each and every “spiritual activity” can be counterfeited by the deceitfulness of the human heart. Don’t believe me? Read Jonathan Edward’s Religious Affections. Ask the harder questions of yourself than merely – “What am I doing for God?” or “why don’t I feel passionate?” Ask – “Where has my sin hurt others?” or “Why don’t I repent more?” or “Who have I invited to point out my blind-spots lately?” King Saul learned this the hard way when he cared more about his influence and spiritual displays of sacrifice than obeying God (1 Samuel 15). God calls you and I to do the hard work of relationship – pursuing when we feel like retreating, calling out for help when we feel like complaining, and faithfully obeying when our flesh longs for something more gratifying. Indeed following Christ is about relationship and not religion … He despises your religiousity but is near the humble.
Such an excellent message for self reflection, Pastor Mark. I so appreciate your solid teaching and preaching in the Word and your personal transparency. Words cannot express, and unfortunately that stunts my ability to try. I truly thank you for your faithfulness, and pray for you often.After a short flight from Athens we arrived in Santorini. Our journey from the airport Fira left us quite uninspired, but perhaps when I think about it no where around an airport is inspiring. As we were too early to check into our hotel we stopped to have a look around Fira (Thira) and have some breakfast. It was immediately noticeable how expensive things were, also how many tourists were still around, and this was supposedly getting to the end of the tourist season. After breakfast it was time to explore the myriad of small cobbled streets of Fira. Lots of shops and restaurants and pristine white painted houses and hotels, with magnificent views of the Caldera (bay) great for photography.
One thing to take note of is that Sanorini is probably the jewel in the Greek islands crown attracting so many tourists, with many flights arriving daily (we counted four flights when we were at the airport between 5am and 8am) along with the three to four cruise ships ariving daily depositing up to 10,000 visitors per day, so you can imagine it’s gets extremely busy. Add this to the constant stream of large coaches ferrying all these people around, it was not as idyllic as we imagined. All that said it is a stunning island with its pristine white painted towns and blue topped churches, cobbled streets and stunning views, but all this comes at a price. A simple gyros (chicken kebab) with a small side salad and a bottle of water for two was €25 and with no view. If you want the view expect to pay more, example coffee €3 to €5 euro’s beer €4.5 to 7 euro’s, and a bottle of not particularly great wine between €18 to €35. In fact the whole island is in my opinion, at times extortionate. Our first full day we visited the main town called Oia (prounouced ee-ah) which is the one you will see in all the images you find on Google of Santorini. We thought things were expensive in Fira but they were even higher here, but it is beautiful and this is why it is such a draw. Another thing that Oia is famed for is its world famous sunset, it attracts, as we found out the majority of the islands tourists in the evening. With lines of coaches, cars and ATV’s (Rental Quad bikes) arriving in there droves it gets very manic. We battled our way through the crowds to find a spot with a view and luckily found a bar which was relatively empty, it was probably to do with the price of a bottle of beer €7, and watched the sun go down which after all that quite frankly was not as magnificent as I expected. I have been fortunate enough to see some stunning sunsets around the world, but I’m sorry to say this was not one of them, but at least I can strike this one off my to do list.
Places to visit & Top Tips
Oia, is the main attraction and town on the island, but get there early before the coaches arrive from the cruise ships. Rent a car, suggest arranging one online before you go to get the best deal. We booked with Santorini Easy, we had a nice car, were met at airport. Dropped off the car at the port where we were getting the ferry to Naxos. Four days cost €115 all in, some of the companies around town were qouting €35 per day.
Perissa and Kamari which are both coastal resorts are worth a visit, Kamari being the much nicer in my opinion. Also visit the small villages of Megalochori and Pyrgos which are really picturesque.
Beautiful photos again! What camera/lens do you use?
I am a keen photographer and used to have a DSLR I now use a Lumix GX1 with a 14-42 lens 28 to 84 DSLR equivalent. But the photos on my blog post were taken using my iPhone 6,as I cannot upload my Lumix photos until I get home. Perhaps you would like my Flickr feed
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you! I will take a look!Stereotyping and labeling among women by women, cosmetic brands, men etc. is not a new fad. A girl is “sweet” or “sour”, “hot” or “not”, “bold” or “shy” and so on. A new Global Survey by Gillette Venus reveals that most women around the world (70%) have felt labelled by others. In response Gillette Venus – the world leader in female shaving – has launched the “Use Your And” campaign to inspire women and girls to stand-up against one-dimensional labels. I personally have been the victim of labeling. As a kid the world saw me as “Shy”, when got tattooed around 15 it changed my label to “Punk”. Shed some pounds became “hot”, piled on some got called a “slob”. When I came across this campaign there was an innate voice in support of this cause, and so I have joined my hands and my heart with it. All you girls, whosoever feels victimized by this since an early age like me, I urge! USE YOUR AND! Meaning thereby, when someone calls you cute thank them and in an interrogative manner slip an AND?!. We have gotta shout it out loud! I am Studious AND glamorous, hot AND a Geek, a Punk AND immensely polite in my gestures, Sweet AND won’t take your labeling s**t.
What Gillette say’s about this product:
The three blade surrounded by protective cushions provides a smooth and close shave. I am a very impatient person and even though I used this razor hastily I never got even a single cut or burn *Hallelujah* I wouldn’t lie and say that I have turned into a ‘razor’ person, I still prefer waxing because I can be hair free for longer but on the occasion a razor can be life saving. Any last minute party invite and I can show of my legs without worry.
Tips for using a razor:
1. Best time to shave is after a shower as your skin is soft and hydrated.
2. Loofah or scrub will help get rid of ingrown hair and give you a closer shave.
3. Unlike waxing, shave in the direction of your hair growth. Also maintain one direction of strokes.
4. For best result use your hair conditioner for shaving as it helps in reducing friction which causes razor cuts and ingrowths.
5. For closer shave and hygiene change your blade after every three use.
6. Sharing razors can lead to hepatitis C and various other skin infections.
7. Make sure to moisturize your skin after you shave.For the first time since mid-September, the Syracuse football team (2-4, 0-2 ACC) returns to the Carrier Dome to host No. 17 Virginia Tech (4-1, 2-0 ACC) on Saturday, Oct. 15. Kickoff is slated for 3:45 p.m. on ESPNU.
Syracuse is searching for its third win of 2016 and its first against a ranked opponent since 2012. The Orange are coming off a 28-9 loss at Wake Forest on Oct. 8. Sophomore running back Dontae Strickland scored the team’s lone touchdown. Junior linebacker Parris Bennett tallied 12 tackles, his third straight game with at least 10 stops.
Virginia Tech is its first season under new head coach Justin Fuente. The Hokies have been on a roll lately, winning their last three contests by an average margin of 46-7. In its last game, Tech topped North Carolina, 34-3. 
MORE PREGAME COVERAGE ONLINE:
– Syracuse football’s thin offensive line has a chance at redemption against Virginia Tech
– Syracuse football roundtable: Positives in the secondary, SU’s 2nd receiving threat
– Syracuse vs. Virginia Tech football: Sunny and warming up
– What channel is Syracuse football vs. Virginia Tech? TV, live stream info
– Dino Babers knew back in preseason the test Syracuse football would face (video)
– Can Syracuse football hang with No. 17 Virginia Tech? (5 things to watch)
– Gameday at the Carrier Dome: A fan’s guide to this week’s Syracuse football home game
– Syracuse AD John Wildhack talks football scheduling, ACC Network with ESPNsportif
by peep and chicken
apologies for absence of posts, we have had a lot on and may have exciting news…
made myself this silk top a while back but haven’t worn it a great deal. i like how it looks with different textures in a sporty style. and these leggings make a change from my more slouchy trousers.
silk top Artizanna, leather leggings Zara, hoodie H&M, trainers Nike, shades Ray Ban
AdvertisementsI helped a friend of mine find a new job last week. I mean, my part in him actually getting the job was limited – I just sent him a posting I thought he’d be interested in – but when he let me know he got the offer, I think I was more excited than he was.
There’s a strange sense of satisfaction in knowing that something good that you’ve done has set someone on a different course in their life.
For a lot of people, job hunting is a necessarily evil – that thing you put up with until you land a better job. For me, it’s a thrill, a challenge, and one that I embrace. There’s the hunt itself: tracking the perfect job, sometimes in places you never thought to look. As you stalk your prey – writing cover letters, sending e-mails, praying to the gods above – you find a level of patience and focus that you didn’t know you had. And before long, you learn whether your hunt has been fruitful.
Sure, bagging the job is nice, but the lead up, the anticipation, the hunt – that’s what I enjoy.
It’s twisted, I know. I’m sure it stems from my philosophy that there’s always something bigger and better out there (a philosophy that has gotten me in trouble over the years, to be sure.) But I think the things I like about job-hunting are the same things I like about writing: the promise of new beginnings. The promise of changing someone’s life.
When I look at writers who have changed me to my core – RL Stine, Yann Martel, Robin Hobb – I can’t help but feel that I’d like to be that kind of writer someday.
I want to show a little girl that it’s possible to follow your dreams of being a writer, like RL Stine’s Fear Street series did for me when I was young. I want to turn a young girl’s dream into a young woman’s true desire of the heart, like Yann Martel’s Self did for me when I was just entering college. And I want to teach aspiring writers that it’s entirely possible to write stories that will speak to someone’s soul, like Robin Hobb’s Realm of the Elderlings books did for me a few short years ago.
In my heart of hearts, I want to change people’s lives – and I think job hunting is how I channel that energy. I may not be writing best-selling novels, but I’m helping someone better their lives in a meaningful way right now.
And for now, that’s enough.Amp research bed steps for adults dog step stool with handle. Bed steps for trucks step stools adults solid wood amber wash oak stairs chest 2 storage drawer full over pets.
Bed steps amazon pet for dogs bath and beyond tall beds the dolls house emporium carved library mahogany finish. Pet dog steps bed for dogs plans how to build step stool walmart.SCOTTISH stargazers were in awe yesterday as the beautiful red and green colours of the Northern Lights filled the night sky.
The spectacular display - which was captured by snappers when the skies were perfectly clear - could be seen from the Highlands and islands down to the Borders and even as far as Norfolk in England.
Amateur photographers from across the country took to Twitter to show off their skills and snaps.
You can see some of the stunning images of the aurora borealis in our picture gallery below:Having problems with your Sony Digital Cameras ?
How do i shrink my photos to send them by internet
Answers :
You can open your picture using say Microsoft Paint then use the save as option to save them as JPEG this will considerably shrink the file. Take note that the quality that you select also affects the size of the file
Repair Help & Product Troubleshooting for Sony Digital Cameras
Tips for a great answer:- Provide details, support with references or personal experience .
- If you need clarification, ask it in the comment box .
- It's 100% free, no registration required.
Suggested Questions/Answers :
How do i shrink my photos to send them by internet
You can open your picture using say Microsoft Paint then use the save as option to save them as JPEG this will considerably shrink the file. Take note that the quality that you select also affects the size of the file ... Sony Digital Cameras
How do i change the format to jpeg so i can send photo,s over the internet
Take a help of photoshop ... Digital Cameras
How to use from taking photo to sending photos on
Please follow the link to a users manual for C813:\015\012\015\012 ... Kodak Easyshare C813As U.S. citizens mark their annual celebration of patriotism, the Fourth of July holiday, they might do well to also ponder the specter of two other “isms” that threaten the Republic’s durability and strength raised by two important books published over the past year.
America Right or Wrong: An Anatomy of American Nationalism, by Financial Times columnist Anatol Lieven, warns that the U.S. polity is turning its back on the civic patriotism of the “American Creed” of liberty, the rule of law, and political egalitarianism in favor of an “American antithesis,” a radical and vengeful nationalism that recalls the worst tendencies, and mistakes, of Wilhelmine Germany just before World War I.
The New American Militarism: How Americans Are Seduced by War, by retired Army Col. Andrew Bacevich, contends that the country’s recent love affair with force and exaltation of the soldier threaten both the military institution, as policymakers expect it to solve ever more problems, but also the republican ideals on which the U.S. was founded.
“Of all the enemies of public liberty,” Bacevich quotes former President James Madison as writing in 1795, “war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other.
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.”
Published by Oxford University Press, both books offer some of the most trenchant and original criticism of the trajectory of U.S. foreign and military policy that has surfaced since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003.
Although their analyses of that trajectory and the larger social and cultural trends that underpin it would not be unfamiliar to left-wing analysts, the two authors could not possibly be confused with the “blame-America-first” crowd that has been scapegoated so frequently by the U.S. Right since the Vietnam War.
Indeed, Bacevich, a West Point graduate, Vietnam veteran, and career soldier, used to write for the neoconservative Weekly Standard and National Review, while Lieven, a British subject who has more recently sought to revive the “ethical realism” of the post-World War II era, betrays a deep affection for the U.S., gained in part from a year as a high school exchange student in Alabama. Both write from a deep sense of concern about where the United States is headed.
To Lieven, now based at the New American Foundation after several years at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, two kinds of nationalism have long wrestled over the country’s soul a civic nationalism, or “American thesis,” based on universalist principles of the Enlightenment and that animated the Declaration of Independence 229 years ago, and the far more aggressive and exclusivist nationalism, or “American antithesis” that harks back to the Protestant Reformation and the religious wars that it sparked.
While the thesis is optimistic by nature and extols reason and the rule of law, the antithesis in many ways is anti-modern, radical, deeply alienated “from the supposed ruling elites and dominant culture,” and even paranoid. Through most of U.S. history, it has also been deeply racist, not just toward blacks, but toward most minority groups, including Catholics and Jews.
What the two nationalisms share, however, is a sense that the U.S. “is exceptional in its allegiance to democracy and freedom and is therefore exceptionally good,” in Lieven’s view. And because America is exceptionally good, it both deserves to be exceptionally powerful and by nature cannot use its power for evil ends.
This belief in the fundamental goodness of America which actually runs from the first Pilgrims straight through Woodrow Wilson to George W. Bush naturally reinforces everything that many Europeans and much of the rest of the world find objectionable about U.S. foreign policy.
This is namely its moral absolutism, messianism, and a contempt for history that can have grave consequences, particularly when it is held by the world’s sole superpower after a period in which it triumphed over “evil” first the Nazis, and then the Communists during the Cold War.
Many, if not most U.S. citizens, combine the two kinds of nationalism in varying degrees and proportions in themselves, although, with the “southernization of the Republican Party” since the 1960s, “the party has tended increasingly to embrace and become identified with the antithesis,” even while it extols the myths of the American thesis, according to Lieven.
This process has been boosted over the past 30 years by two groups, in particular: the Christian Right and its Christian Zionist leaders, such as Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson; and the neoconservatives, who have played a key role both by cloaking the angry and exclusivist outlook of the far Right in the universalist rhetoric of the “American Creed” of democracy and freedom (thus attracting support from internationalist liberals who should know better) and by mounting a sustained attack on mainstream Republican realism as immoral.
In the most controversial but ultimately persuasive section of the book, Lieven argues that the same two groups have done much to tie U.S. policy to Israel’s right-wing governments in much the same way that Slavic nationalists tied imperial Russia to Serbian radicals on the eve of World War I.
“Insofar as American nationalism has become mixed up with a chauvinist version of Israeli nationalism,” according to Lieven, “it plays an absolutely disastrous role in U.S. relations with the Muslim world and in fueling terrorism.”
Lieven stresses that there have been periods in U.S. history most recently during the McCarthy era when the U.S. antithesis has gained the upper hand in the body politic, but each time, the pendulum swung back saving “the nation from falling into authoritarian rule or a permanent state of militant chauvinism.”
Now, however, he is less optimistic, warning that another devastating terrorist attack could provoke a permanent state of siege and that the continuing stresses on the middle class in coping with globalization and economic change could swell the ranks of the antithesis’ angry, aggrieved, and aggressive.
Bacevich, director of the Center for International Relations at Boston University, is similarly concerned about the fate of the Republic and likewise sees the Christian Right, whose own much-requited love affair with the military after the Vietnam War is detailed in the book, and the neoconservatives as bearing heavy responsibility for “creeping militarism.” Both are subjects of entire chapters.
But he stresses that blaming a particular sector or group, or even Bush himself, misses the bipartisan and cultural nature of the phenomenon. Hollywood, a generation of “defense intellectuals,” particularly neocon prince Richard Perle’s mentor, Albert Wohlstetter, and the Democratic administrations of Jimmy Carter (“the Carter Doctrine” to protect the Persian Gulf) and Bill Clinton, have all made important contributions, according to Bacevich.
He writes with real anger about the role played by former Secretary of State Colin Powell first in promulgating the doctrine that bears his name a doctrine that encapsulated all the bitter lessons of the Vietnam War and then in acquiescing in its wholesale abandonment over a period of 15 years.
The key moment, according to Bacevich, came in the early 1990s when the collapse of the Soviet Union Washington’s only peer rival should have brought about a major reassessment and reduction of Washington’s global military posture.
The first Gulf War and the interests of the military-industrial complex and its ideological fellow-travelers put paid to any such possibility, and, in the wake of Desert Storm, it suddenly seemed that the armed forces, fully recovered from Vietnam, could do just about anything it wished, and, given technological advances, in ways that appeared on television to be more or less bloodless, at least for the home team.
The distance between “coercive diplomacy,” as in Kosovo, and preventive warfare, as in Iraq, is not as great as some Democrats would like to think.
“[A]t the end of the Cold War, Americans said yes to military power,” he writes. “The skepticism about arms and armies that informed the original Wilsonian vision, indeed, that pervaded the American experiment from its founding, vanished. Political leaders, liberals and conservatives alike, became enamored with military power.”
The result: “To a degree without precedent in U.S. history, Americans have come to define the nation’s strength and well-being in terms of military preparedness, military action, and the fostering of (or nostalgia for) military ideals,” according to Bacevich, who writes as a very knowledgeable, if very worried, insider on the military’s own thinking from the disaster of Vietnam to the anticipated disaster of the open-ended “global war on terror.”
As a reading of the two books makes clear, the nationalism and militarism addressed, respectively, by Lieven and Bacevich are in reality closely related, but the book’s distinct perspectives and insights make them a particularly compelling combination especially for a July 4 weekend.
Enterprise Integration
Get everyone talking.
Consultation Manager boosts productivity and reduces redundancy by integrating smoothly with your current systems. Share information securely between systems to create a central hub of stakeholder data for your organisation.
Using our powerful Application Programming Interface (API), your IT team can connect your existing document management, asset management, GIS and workflow systems to Consultation Manager, free of charge.
We’ve never had a system that could be used for so many areas of our business for such a wide range of applications. Consultation Manager has worked with us to tailor the system to meet our needs. We’ve gone from multiple systems and databases to having one common database across the organisation with all of our business intelligence relating to key customers and important stakeholders.
John Steyntjes, Water Corporation of Western AustraliaDearest Reader,
Here is another extract from my diary last summer, when I was going through an ‘almost breakup’ with my now ex-boyfriend. In brief, he had ended things with me in early June but we continued to see each other; a source of much grief which I dedicated a lot of time to writing about. In this entry I also write about making some progress with my eating disorder, psychologically. Reading the words back I feel like I am looking at something somebody else has written. I am so up and down with my remission from anorexia but I am proud of what I wrote about it here and it makes me believe I can get back to that place.
Saturday 28th June 2014
Today, I have no idea what I am feeling and, to some extent, who I am recently.
I’ve spent my first days back at my parents’ hiding out in my room, hoping that no one will talk to me. I honestly don’t know why. In between watching rubbish on Netflix, I stare into space and sigh a lot, asking myself what I’m going to do and wondering why I am so lost and miserable when things were so ok for so long, for the first time since I was an innocent, happy, trouble free child.
Nothing has changed between Gabriel and I in the literal sense, but we are barely talking and I feel that both he and I are beginning to properly let go. I’ve shed so many tears and felt so much intense grief around it all already that I think I am drained of all real emotion. There is even a part of me that wishes it will hurry up and end so I can live my life to the full once again, something I feel he has robbed from me throughout all this pain. When I am here, virtually alone, it’s easier to detach myself from him and not feel as petrified by the idea of losing him as I have been feeling when we’re physically together.
When I am so many miles away I can imagine what life without him at all would be like. I do feel sad and lonely but I don’t think that’s entirely because of him and I know it will eventually pass. He has hurt me so much that I think I will resent him for a very long time. I also don’t trust him anymore, and what kind of relationship can one build upon the foundations of mistrust?
At the moment I seem to be in a state of not caring about my weight so much that it would make me want to starve myself in order to feel confident with another man. I’m beginning to believe that it honestly isn’t the most important thing to men, for us women to be stick thin. I’ve been told that over and over by all my boyfriends as my weight fluctuated constantly. All of them said they prefer me at the upper end of my weight scale. I always assumed all of them were lying to make me feel better and so that I wouldn’t self-harm with food.
It makes me sad for my former self that, with many of the men I have been with, I have gone to such extreme lengths to be skinny for them, hoping they would really want me and find me sexy. With one guy, when I was a lot younger, I can remember not eating from the day he suggested we should meet to the day we did, and often I would binge when I got home that night. I mean, really, what for?! If someone only wants me and finds me attractive because I’m really skinny then there must be something wrong with them, not me! I think I’m beginning- finally- to realise that I am not only my body. In fact, I am least of all my body, and perhaps I shouldn’t even be with people that expect me to be physically perfect. I’m not going to deny that I hate and am disgusted by me weight and shape right now, but I don’t feel like I want to stick my fingers down my throat or take laxatives or exercise excessively or not eat for ten days just because there’s a possibility I’ll sleep with someone other than my sort-of boyfriend. I’m pretty sure that’s progress for me.According to the WHO, today more than 200 million adults of different ages are suffering from any sort of disability or physical challenges to accomplish their daily tasks in typical ways.
It does not mean that they are devoid of the latest technological advancements. They too are using handheld devices for various purposes and some are critical of them.
Therefore, when a mobile application developer is thinking of the app audience, naturally these disables are becoming a part of it. Whether they are an as small portion or the big one, but they are users with unique needs for user experiences.
Therefore, each major mobile OS platform has issued specific guidelines for accessibilities for physically challenged users to offer them hardware as well as software experiences in the best way.
For the mobile developers, who are reluctant to implement those guidelines religiously and wish to cover disabled audience honestly in broad benefits, here are some tips to follow.
Know the Types of Disability
There are four major types of disability in general.
- Visual: It includes impaired vision, blindness – full or partial, color-blindness
- Hearing: Partial or complete deafness
- Motor Inability: It contains the defects in the control over moving organs like hands, legs, etc. It includes inability to use mouse or another operating method, sluggish responses, lack of fine motor control in activities
- Cognitive: It includes poor learning, impaired memory, unable to focus on voluminous information
If you are a mobile app developer with pure intentions to address accessibility issues for the app users with an above-given disability, you may have a hard time to address their unique needs in your app development without distracting the user experiences for the ordinary users.
Standardize Web or Mobile Content Accessibility
To address the accessibility issues, Apple Store, and Google Play marketplaces have published some guidelines, and we can summarize it all in the following way.
App Content Should Be Perceivable:
Today we have numerous ways to give access to the app content to the disabled users using hardware and software capabilities and advancements. Therefore, for the blind users, we can convert textual content into voice/speech using software capabilities.
Similarly, today we have software that can describe the image content in audio formats and let physically challenged users to enjoy photos in Facebook updates.
Operable Hardware:
Disabled mobile users with visual, motor, or cognitive imparity cannot use mobile devices in standard ways. Therefore, the majority of handheld devices have additional hardware as well as software (OS) components and inbuilt components designed specifically for the disable users.
Thus, mobile app developers should know how to leverage their features and functionality and make operating comfortably for physically challenged users. For instance, use of keyboard to consume content at slow pace and use of Siri-like voice recognition software to issue commands.
Comprehensibility:
Mobile app developers should make app content and app interactions easy to understand and should operate in the predictable ways. For instance, for colorblind users, avoid colors to highlight the important points or contexts and should give appropriate alternatives.
Robustness:
To provide excellent user experiences, mobile developers should maximize the compatibility with current and next user tools.
Precautions for the Mobile App Programmers
If mobile developers consider building the accessibility features as a barrier to creating alluring and engaging mobile applications for the excellent user experiences, they are making mistakes.
Today we have a number of tech alternatives to address the requirements of disabling users without missing robustness of the mobile app. For instance,
- You can use other options instead of colors to differentiate content and other UI components for the colorblind users who are 1 in 12 persons in our average population.
- For the contrast ratio, developers should follow the mobile OS guidelines, which prefer 4 to 1 ratio between the content and background.
- Clearly define boundaries and visual labels to ease interactions with UI components.
- Remove the default focus state of browsers and UI screens and provide your custom settings while coding the styles for the mobile app UI to ease the life of disabled.
- Follow the UI design guidelines-updates, time-to-time by all respective mobile OS platforms and offer the maximum benefits to disabling the users of your app.
- For speech recognition tool users like Dragon or Siri, never design links or other things, which are only possible to find through hover over it.how to, outfits, What not to wear
The Outfit: How to: Say that you are at a store and spot a skirt that goes with a totally matching top, like a leopard print skirt with a leopard blouse. Don’t buy the whole outfit because that is old fashioned, leave it for your grandma. The older generation also believed that you have to match your purse with each outfit, like matchy matchy, that’s a long gone idea though. You never have to buy a complete outfit. If you do, just don’t wear it together. Wearing the complete outfit is too stuffy and it’s just boring, which is not chic at all. Your style should look carefree and simple. You might think it looks safe to keep it matching, but it will really just look like you don’t know what you’re doing and that you are too scared to mix something else that is more creative and more fashionable together. Matchy Matchy = Old Fashioned.If all goes well you will see email to this list once a week running the proposed roundup summary on the test tracker. Please note that since the default time period of a week will result in no changes most of the time, since this tracker is not 'live'. When we deploy I will change the destination email. For now this will verify that there are no bad problems cropping up. -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL:Team gr 6-7-8 Reading Club
- Register below
- Pick up a reading log sheet to track your reading progress.
- Read!!! Each icon on the log sheet equals 15 minutes of reading .Teen Pool Party
Whether it’s for graduation or a summer birthday, teens love a pool party! These pool party ideas work well if you want to invite both guys and girls for a relaxed, fun, summer teen party.
Where to Have the Pool Party
If your family home includes a pool, great! If not, try to reserve the local community pool or rent the pool at a nearby hotel.
Safety Guidelines
The host of the party is responsible for everyone’s safety, so hang a brief list of pool rules. You want all your guests to have fun, but a careless move could get someone hurt. If a guest acts inappropriately, have a parent speak to him/her.
Pool Party Invitations
To make pool party invitations yourself, find clip art of a pool raft and use wording like this:
- Splish, Splash It’s a Birthday Bash! (or)
- Catch a Wave Over to [name]’s Pool Party!
Or send personalized Pool Party invitations.
Pool Party Decorations
- The pool is the main attraction at this party, so decorate the pool area with clusters of balloons in blue and yellow.
- Create your own playlist of summer music.
- Set out extra chairs, shade umbrellas or a pop-up canopy, and sunscreen.
- Supply a few beach balls and inflatable rafts.
- Some guests may be self-conscious and decide not to get in the water, so create a seating area next to the pool where guests can hang out.
- Clean the pool and surrounding area the day before your party. Sparkling water will encourage guests to swim.
- Shop now for Pool Party supplies.
Pool Party Games
Start with some beach balls and pool rafts in the water. If you need to break the ice and get everyone to enjoy the pool, try some of these pool party games:
- Marco Polo, water tag, pool volleyball and pool basketball.
- Raft Attack – Have all the kids climb on two or three pool rafts and then try to pull other teams into the water. The team with someone still on their raft at the end is the winner.
- Diving Game – Toss quarters into the pool and have guests dive in two at a time to see who can retrieve the most coins.
- Navy Seals – Race across the pool while pushing a beach ball with their nose (like a seal).
- A piñata filled with LifeSavers candies could be fun.
Pool Party Food
- Burgers, hot dogs, or grilled chicken
- Fruit kabobs made with strawberries, grapes and melon balls.
- Watermelon slices
- Tortilla chips and Salsa
- Pita Chips and Hummus Dip
- Drinks – Have plenty of drinks available like bottled water, lemonade, virgin strawberry daiquiris and soda.
- Popsicles and Ice Cream Bars
- Snow Cones – Rent a snow cone maker for the day.
- Serve an ice cream cake for dessert.
Pool Party Favors
- pair of flip flops
- personalized water bottle
- beach ball
- shell necklace
Or choose personalized party favors.
Shop now for Pool Party supplies.
This entry was posted by teenparty on February 22, 2010 at 2:39 pm, and is filed under Party Themes. Follow any responses to this post through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback from your own site.Molly McFarland (Dessert Chef) will be performing in Cinderella May 4-14!
Q: What is one of your biggest dreams that you wish you could make into a reality? What would you do once this dream became real?
A: One of my biggest dreams is to perform on Broadway as an actor. I would love to spend everyday doing what I love with other people who share the same dream as me.
Q: If you had your own magic carriage to take to the ball, what would it look like?
A: My magic carriage would be gold and sparkly and in the shape of pineapple. It would play Broadway showtunes and it would be able to take me to New York City in 5 minutes. It would also have a magic box that was always full of tickets to Broadway shows for my friends, family and me!
Q: If you were to throw your own royal ball, who would you invite and why?
A: If I were to throw my own Royal Ball, I would invite the cast of Hamilton! You know we would have a great time!
Q: What are you looking forward to the most in this production and why?
A: I have always loved the story of Cinderella! I am really excited about performing with my friends and sharing this show with my family!On Sunday the author of Hebrews gave us some more details on a biblical character named Melchizedek who is a bit of a “blast from the past”. We studied how God used this individual to illustrate the priesthood of Jesus Christ. We also saw how this relatively obscure character can be applied to our lives as Christians. Here are the bulletin notes from Sunday: Hebrews 7.1-10 Notes.
Remember that we will be taking several weeks off from the book of Hebrews, but keep reviewing your memory verses so that they stay fresh in your mind!
-Pastor Nathan HoganOnly logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Cloud Money Box
R280.00
Creative saving.
White cloud money box with a vintage finishing.
Made from repurposed wood, hand painted in white and reads: ‘dream big little one’ on front perspex glass.
Only 2 left in stock
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Hello!
I am looking for a game where you were piloting a jetfighter in space. Your jetfighter had to kill enemy jetfighters (or avoid them so you wont crush), avoid walls or laser beam walls, destroy/avoid enemy cannons. Most of the time you were flying at special platforms which were on pillars and on this platforms you were meeting enemies and obstacles.
The game was in two point perspective camera.
Welcome to the Gamebase 64 forums. An attempt to document ALL Commodore 64 gameware before it's too late!
LF a game plz help
Are you having problems setting up GB64 on your machine? Ask your questions in here!
2 posts • Page 1 of 1
2 posts • Page 1 of 1
Who is online
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestISA-West, a regional division of the International Studies Association, held its annual conference in September 2017 in Pasadena, California. ISA-West brings together students, faculty, and scholars from around the region, the U.S., and the world to present their research and discuss global issues. This year, with generous assistance from the Rue W. Ziegler Scholarship Fund, two MAIS students presented their Capstone work. Jessica Tran presented her paper entitled “Increasing US militarization of the Asa-Pacific region and its impacts on regional stability from a critical security perspective”. Tristan Burger presented her research project “Small Arms: An Applied Approach to Children in Armed Conflict Prevention Initiatives”. Below, Jessica shares her experience:
After conducting preliminary research on my thesis project throughout the summer, I had the opportunity to share my work at the ISA West Annual Conference in Pasadena, California. Presenting in a panel on U.S. Foreign Policy and International Conflict, I was excited to share my thesis project and gain valuable feedback from peers and established scholars.
Not only did I receive constructive responses for my project, but I also had the opportunity to connect with many scholars whose area of expertise relate to my academic interests. I met my rockstar, J. Ann Tickner, whose tremendous work in Feminist IR and critical security studies inspired me to think more critically about the analytical approach to my project. I engaged in a lively discussion with IR Professor Sanjoy Banerjee on China’s security infrastructure; he promised we could stay in touch and provide guidance on the case study portion of my project.
Additionally, David Lake—the discussant for my panel—offered considerable support to myself and other panelists, including extending the discussion of our papers and general career advice over coffee. These interactions were truly the highlight of the trip. I enjoyed sharing and discussing IS ideas, but the immense support of the IS community in developing emerging scholars was what really blew me away. I left tremendously encouraged with not only my thesis project but also the prospects for life after MAIS.
In participating in the conference, I faced a lot of personal fears—fear of public speaking, fear of presenting my ideas to the world, and fear of rejection. I can’t say I’ve been completely cured of these insecurities, but I’m grateful for the experience to tackle it head on and come out the other side a bit more confident and determined.GOOD
Join us on Good Friday, April 14th for a night of worship through music, as we acknowledge and celebrate the goodness of our God and the greatest act of Love ever displayed on behalf of mankind. With Christ’s death on the cross, our God was able to declare boldly, for all to see, His boundless, matchless love for the lost. We believe the world needs this message of love, mercy, goodness and hope and we, as believers, need this reminder. This is always one of our most anticipated worship nights. We look forward to you seeing you there!In the end of September we had a few days of a quasi heat wave with temperature in the high twenties, but it didn't last and much of October was more seasonal (cold, mostly cloudy, with temperature between five and ten). Now it's slowly inching toward freezing temperature and the first week of November saw the first snow of the year (ok, just a few tiny flakes dancing in the sky without reaching the ground). Not much else happened besides a quick flea infestation, another home invasion of the tiny grey kind (but the CSDF [Cat Self Defense Force], mostly Caramel, took care of it) and considerable strategy and planning to get the flu shot.
Another significant event, after the release of the iPhone 6 in September, was the mid-October Apple keynote that brought us iOS 8.1, Yosemite (OS X.10) and a new Mac Mini (I was planning to replace mine, but the specs of the new model are too disappointing; and still no new Apple TV). Unfortunately I am growing increasingly disappointed with Apple. I feel like I've just bitten in an apple and discovered it's bad (it reminds me: what's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm!). Actually, I am quite pissed off at them. I was planning to give my old iPhone 4S to my sister once I had acquired the iPhone 6, but it self-destructed before I had a chance (a swollen battery ripped open the case). Since my warranty had expired by ten days, we had to pay $200 to have it replaced! With “Bendgate”, the fumbled release of iOS 8, the buggy Health app (which still doesn't work for me since Apple has removed the function I was interested in: glucose logging — apparently americans have no idea that the rest of the world use different measuring units!), and the absence of Apple Pay in Canada, I am starting to wonder why I bothered purchasing the iPhone 6. Even my iPad Air is starting to give me problems with iOS 8 (the sound stops working sometime) and I had to install an old Java version on the iMac in order to allow some softwares to play nice with Yosemite (and VMware Fusion stopped working so I'll need to pay for an upgrade, again). All this is so annoying. As they start releasing crappy products, I am wondering if Apple is becoming just another greedy corporation. Anyway, I've lost all confidence in them…
I had lots of problems so far this year, so I guess it was my time to have an “anus horribilis”! What's worries me is that since I have been hospitalized I have not written anything significant. I just can't seem to concentrate or find enough time… I've been trying to write this blog post for weeks. Hopefully, it will improve with time.
The world news have been mostly dominated by the Ebola crisis and the Islamic State situation. As usual, I've gathered tons of interesting links and I am sharing them with you after the jump…
Anime & Manga related, Japan, Popular Culture
- Le manga Hokusai réédité chez Kana (Animeland)
- Even with Samuel Jackson, 'Kite' fails to take off (LA Times)
- Giovanni’s Island: an animated tale of a harrowing postwar exile (The Guardian)
- Belgian comic books turn over a new page (BBC)
- Yen Press Adds 'Emma,' Others (ICv2)
- Vertical Split into two imprints (ICv2)
- Heavy Gear Blitz: War for Terra Nova Kickstarter (Link)
- Top 25 Manga Franchises for Summer 2014 (ICv2)
- DVD Round-Up: 'Ghost in the Shell,' 'Hellsing Ultimate,' & 'WKRP' (ICv2)
- Osamu Tezuka's Final Diary Writings Inspire Film (ANN)
- iPhone 6 Plus vs. HTC and Samsung: How bendable are they really? (iMore)
- How to go jogging with the iPhone 6 Plus (Venture Beat)
- Apple Highlights “Apps for Health” (MacStories) [But NOT in Canada]
- How to Set Up Your New iPhone the Right Way (Gizmodo)
- Jawbone Launches New HealthKit-Connected Up App for the iPhone (MacTrast)
- The joy of Apple-slamming (Ken Segall's Observatory)
- Apple Pay might launch on October 20th with iOS 8.1 (Cult of Mac)
- ‘It’s been way too long’ since Apple updated these products (Cult of Mac)
- Apple TV Continues To Evolve As A Smart Home Hub (Forbes)
- Swaive smart thermometer works with iPhone, Health app (TUAW)
- Apple confirms it will live-stream iPad event (CNET)
- Here's what to expect from Apple's October 16 event (Engadget)
- Adorable cat goes fishing with his iPad (TUAW)
- Apple Stops Selling Mac Mini With OS X Server, No Longer Offers 2TB Storage Option (MacRumors)
- Apple Gives Some Update Love to The Mac mini – Now Starts at $499 (MacTrast)
- Everything you need to know about the new Mac mini (Cult of Mac)
- Apple updates the Mac mini line with improved hardware, $499 starting price tag (TUAW)
- Everything you need to know from Apple's iPad and Mac October event (iMore)
- New 2014 Mac Mini Has Soldered RAM, Not User Replaceable (Mac Rumors)
- Seven things you need to know about the 2014 Mac mini (iMore)
- Late 2014 Mac Mini Benchmarks Indicate Decreased Multi-Core Performance (Mac Rumors)
- Apple to Continue Offering Public Beta Versions of OS X Software (Mac Rumors)
- Apple explains how to keep yourself safe from phishing hacks on the web (Cult of Mac)
- Mac mini: Which entry-level options should you get? (iMore)
- Apple wants to replace transit passes with iPhone 6’s NFC (Cult of Mac)
- Le nouveau Mac mini: quelques déceptions… (MacQuébec)
- Tim Cook: I'm proud to be gay (The Verge)
- Tim Cook: Yep, I’m gay (Cult of Mac)
- Mac Mini 2014: Which Model to Buy (Mac Rumors)
- Record your computer's screen with audio on a Mac (CNET)
- Why the new, nicer Apple? (CNET) [Is there really a nicer Apple?]
- How to speed up adding album art in iTunes 12 (TUAW)
- iOS users: Nest Thermostat update on the way (TUAW)
- Suspect must use finger to unlock phone, as debate shifts over device privacy (GigaOM)
- Apps with HealthKit integration start appearing in App Store following iOS 8.0.2 fixes (9 to 5 Mac)
- The First of The HealthKit-Connected Apps Shows Up In The App Store (MacTrast)
- Apple's New Mobile Payment Service, Coming October 2014 (MacRumors)
- Should you update your iPhone 4S to iOS 8? This video shows what you are in for (9 to 5 Mac)
- Apple's HealthKit Ecosystem Is Working (Business Insider)
- Here’s how iOS 8.0.2 compares to iOS 7 on an iPhone 4s (Cult of Mac)
- Beyond step counting: How Apple HealthKit could bring a cultural shift around health (Venture Beat)
- iHealth’s nine iPhone-connected healthcare accessories now work with iOS 8’s Health app (9 to 5 Mac)
- iOS 8 Roundup: Apps updated for Health (running list) (9 to 5 Mac)
- Apple Health Has a Long Way to Go, But It's Far From Hopeless (Mashable)
- Withings’ Health Mate app adds HealthKit support, bringing more functionality to the Health app (9 to 5 Mac)
- Apple Pay could launch next Saturday, according to leaked Walgreens memo (Venture Beat)
- Apple to disable another Health feature as UK and Australian users report blood glucose measurement issues (9 to 5 Mac) [… and Canadians]
- IDC points to 2015 launch for Apple Pay in Canada (MobileSyrup)
- Why Apple Pay Should Have Launched in Canada First (Techvibes)
- Apple announces iOS 8.1 with Camera Roll, iCloud Photo Library (TUAW)
- What's Coming in iOS 8.1: Apple Pay, SMS Relay, Instant Hotspot, Camera Roll, and More (Mac Rumors)
- How to use Handoff (BGR)
- iOS 8.0.1 Release to Battle Keyboard, Safari, AirDrop Bugs, More (MacTrast)
- Lancement d'Apple Pay (MacQuébec)
- Apple Releases iOS 8.1: Here’s What’s New (MacStories)
- Apple releases iOS 8.1 with Apple Pay (The Verge)
- Apple releases iOS 8.1 with Apple Pay, iCloud Photo Library, SMS Relay & Instant Hotspot, more (9to5Mac)
- How to Set Up Apple Pay on Your iPhone or iPad (Time)
- iStat Mini (MacStories)
- Apple Pay already works abroad on supported NFC terminals w/ US-based cards (9to5Mac)
- How to enable iCloud Photo Library on iPhone and iPad (iMore)
- Don’t expect Apple Pay in Canada anytime soon (Apppicker)
- Apple Updates iLife Apps and Aperture for Yosemite (Mac Rumors)
- OS X Yosemite review: a solid upgrade for everyone (especially iPhone users) (Engadget)
- OS X Yosemite: Tips, Tricks, and Details (MacStories)
- Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite review (The Verge)
- Tips for getting the most out of OS X Yosemite (Cult of Mac)
- A List of OS X Yosemite Apps With Notification Center Widgets, Share Support, and More (Mac Rumors)
- iStat Mini app for OS X Yosemite allows users to monitor their Mac (iMore)
- Le Plan culturel numérique du Québec: un investissement de 110 M$ (Communiqué)
- 16 Apps to Help You Read on the Move (TNW)
- Les Six Brumes: Petits démons, recueil de nouvelles fantastiques de Daniel Sernine (Lien)
- Nobel Prize Literature winner 2014: Patrick Modiano (The Telegraph)
- Faillite à La courte échelle (ICI.Radio-Canada)
- La courte échelle mise en vente (Le Devoir)
- Piers Anthony: 7 Reasons Fantasy Is Better When Funny (Huffington Post)
- Is technology killing old loved books? (BBC)
- The best Mac apps for reading ebooks (iMore)
- «Le Devoir» sur tablette (Le Devoir)
- Former psychiatrist Lydie Salvayre wins Prix Goncourt (The Guardian)
- La dernière roue de la charrette (La Presse)
- Five more bodies found on Japan's erupting Mount Ontake (CNN)
- More than 30 feared dead in Japan volcano eruption (USA Today)
- California earthquake swarm continues, but slows (L.A. Times)
- Le Nobel de la paix à la Malala Yousafzai et Kailash Satyarthi (Le Devoir)
- Can Liberalism Be Saved From Itself? (Richard Dawkins Foundation)
- Le secteur de l'énergie se prépare pour un autre hiver rude (La Presse)
- A Hongkong, le mouvement étudiant reprend de l'ampleur (Le Monde)
- Rocket explosion won't seriously impact Space Station (USA Today)
- Virgin Galactic spacecraft crash kills one (BBC)
- Antares operator used destruct system to blow up rocket (CNN)
- Hawaii Calls In National Guard as River of Lava Creeps Onward (Time)
- Pope Francis says evolution and the Big Bang are real (Gizmodo)
- US mid-terms: Republicans win control of the Senate (BBC)
- Obesity research takes high-tech twist at Florida school (Reuters)
- HIV's spread traced back to 1920s Kinshasa (LA Times)
- Obese men pay the price, now and in the future (The Gazette)
- Ebola's Incredibly Infectious. Ebola's Also Hard To Catch. Confused? Here's How To Understand (Forbes)
- Take your fitness to the next level: Introducing iHealth Edge (Promo link, ihealthlabs.com)
- Shelters ban black cat adoption on Halloween to prevent animal torture (Gizmodo)
- Microsoft Band Hands-On: An Activity Tracker That's Actually Smart (Gizmodo)
- Jawbone announces updated Up3 wristband, new Up Move clip-on movement tracker (9to5Mac)
- Jawbone’s newest activity tracker can measure REM sleep (GigaOM)
- The best iPhone apps for video editing (Apppicker)
- True HDR adds a third exposure and fine tuning of your photos (TUAW)
- Here's a first: A video app that takes HDR (TUAW)
- How to access Hyperlapse’s secret settings and record in 1080p (Cult of Mac)
- Flickr now lets you turn your images into canvases (Digital Trend)
- How to use Photos for iPhone and iPad: The ultimate guide (iMore)
- iPhone photography: The ultimate guide (iMore)
- iOS 8 How-to: Manually control the exposure in the Camera app (9to5Mac)
- Olloclip 4-in-1 photo lens for iPhone 6 (Link)
- Olloclip 4-in-1 Lens now on pre-order for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (TUAW)
- Learn to take jaw-dropping photographic shots with Adobe KnowHow (Cult of Mac)
- How to use Camera for iPhone and iPad- The ultimate guide (iMore)
- L'ONF déménage dans le Quartier des spectacles à Montréal (ICI.Radio-Canada)
- Cat café montréal: Chat L’Heureux (FB Coco Montreal)
- De Van Gogh à Kandinsky: créer le temps d'une paix (La Presse)
- Saka-Ba, à la soupe! (La Presse)
- Le Canada pris pour cible (Le Devoir)
- One Cartoon Captures Canada's Pain After Ottawa Shootings (Huffington Post)
- L'Office national du film déménage dans le Quartier des spectacles de Montréal (Market Wire)
- Jazz Petite-Bourgogne (icimusique.ca)
- Asterix creator Uderzo ends long dispute with daughter (BBC)
- Scarlett Johansson to appear in tv adaption of Edith Wharton's The Custom Of The Country (Daily Mail)
- Filmed in Supermarionation: inspiring British puppetry success story (The Guardian)
- Scarlett Johansson to Star in New TV Series (The MovieFone)
- Fox Opts for a Full Season of 'Gotham' (ICv2)
- HBO to Introduce Standalone Web-Only Subscriptions in 2015 (Mac Rumors)
- Never say never: why TV networks are suddenly ready to unbundle (GigaOM)
- Festival du Nouveau Cinema 2014 : Un Japon hanté (Shomingeki)
- Halloween: England's strange and ancient winter rituals (BBC)
- The people who want their language to disappear (BBC)
- Preserving the lost art of letterpress (BBC)
- Watch Bill Maher Take Down the Students Protesting His Berkeley Commencement Address (Time)
- Ridley Scott Is Producing a Miniseries Sequel to 2001: A Space Odyssey (Gizmodo)
- There Are 7 Types of English Surnames — Which One Is Yours? (Ancestry.ca)
- Rosetta: Date fixed for historic comet landing attempt (BBC)
- Complex organic molecule found in interstellar space (BBC)
- Physics Nobel Prize Is About More Than Just A Better Light Bulb (Business Insider)
- Découverte en Normandie d'os humains attribués à la lignée Néandertal (La Presse)
- Nobel Prize: How English beat German as language of science (BBC)
- Cave paintings change ideas about the origin of art (BBC)
- Antikythera wreck yields new treasures (BBC)
- Greece archaeologists uncover Amphipolis floor mosaic (BBC)
- Study: Recent sea level rise is highest in 6,000 years (USA Today)
- Death Star moon may be 'wonky or watery' (BBC)
- Space plane: Mysterious US military plane returns to Earth (BBC)
- The element that causes arguments (BBC)
- Why Aristotle Deserves A Posthumous Nobel (The Daily Beast)
- The Leonardo hidden from Hitler in case it gave him magic powers (BBC)
- Relics discovered in Mexico's Teotihuacan (BBC)
- Oldest surviving photo of a human? (CNN)
- These Secret Cold War Radio Stations Are Still Broadcasting (Gizmodo)
- Amphipolis Updates (World Archaeology)
- Was Guy Fawkes a fall guy? (BBC)
- The clearest video of Earth from space I've ever seen (Gizmodo)
- Can you shoot down a drone on your land? New incident raises self-defense questions (GigaOM)
- Honeywell brings its £139 smart thermostat to the UK (Engadget)
- Watch a brave drone get dramatically close to an erupting volcano (Engadget)
- Web TV Apps Start To Look Like Over The Top TV (Forbes)
- Rooftop Solar Panels Are Almost All Facing the Wrong Direction (Gizmodo)
- Hemingwrite keyboard would be perfect for typing your novel in the woods (Cult of Mac)
- Google Should Consult Over Right to be Forgotten Links (TNW)
- Nest buys home-automation rival Revolvr to shut it down (Cult of Android)
- These LED bulbs are brighter despite fewer diodes and a lower price (Engadget)
- A Windows Watch that Works with iOS (iPhone Life)
- Microsoft Announces 'Skype Translator' Early Preview for Windows 8.1 Users (Mac Rumors)
- New Quick View joins other improvements in latest Nest update (iMore)
- The Best Hidden Features of VLC (Life Hacker)
- 60 seconds with a simple but smart home monitoring device (Engadget)
- Inscription automatique des élèves aux bibliothèques (TVA)
- La ville paramétrique, proto ville intelligente (L'exemple des bibliothèques) (Carnets de vie)
- Payer ses frais de retard à la bibliothèque en lisant (ICI.Radio-Canada)
- Vote en faveur de moyens de pression pouvant aller jusqu’à la grève (SFMM)
[ Traduire ]The World Match Race Tour 2017 season kicks off with it’s first event in Freemantle, Australia in March, one year on from when Sally Barkow and her all-female crew on Team Magenta 32 made their debut on the Tour on those same waters.
Sally returns to the Tour with the same vision in mind, to be the best they can, however this time, she’ll be tackling the Tour with a revised plan of attack building off the experience gained from last season. “This season we will change the focus, with more emphasis on match-race training and maintaining the same intensity from the start right through to the end of the season.” Commented Sally feeling that their performance suffered towards the end of the 2016 season.
Sally is happy to announce that she’ll start next season with the same core team, but will be looking to complement the crew with aspiring high performance sailors, who can bring their own expertise to the team. Sally intends to run training clinics in the lead up to next season which runs hand in hand with the goals of The Magenta Project, generating a positive impact of women in the sport of sailing and creating opportunities for women to compete at the highest level of the sport and by being in the WMRT spotlight, showcasing that they can race against the best of the best.
Fleet Captain of the Long Beach Yacht Club, Camille Daniels commented following the 2016 WMRT event “We are pleased to recognize and support the Magenta Project goals of promoting and mentoring female sailors and growing the profile of women sailors in high level sailing. I personally cannot say enough about the Project goals, particularly as it comes to inspiring young women to pursue their dreams to race around the planet or whatever their goals may be. I wish I had your team role models when I first started sailing. I know with your enthusiasm and drive the Project and the team will be a huge success.”
One critical element will be for the team to secure a commercial partner to enable the team to focus purely on training, racing and performance.
6th July 2016. World Match Racing Tour, Marstrand, Sweden. © Ian Roman/WMRT
Founded in 1999, the World Match Racing Tour (WMRT) is the world’s leading professional sailing series. It features world class sailors and Olympic champions, with tour events staged around the globe. Each stage, or World Championship event, now takes place in identically supplied one-design M32 high-performance catamarans to place the focus on teamwork and skill. The nature of sport, with close to shore action, intense tactical skills and live analysis, offers commercial partners an excellent opportunity to present themselves positively to a global audience.
The Magenta Project was set up following the momentum of Team SCA’s Volvo Ocean Race campaign. It aims to advance women in the sport of professional sailing by providing pathways and raising the visibility of those already competing. In the short term providing inspiration and encouragement to those who are trying to establish themselves in the high performance sailing world with a long-term ambition to see the percentage of professional female sailors competing in premier events increase from 3% to more than 10% by 2020.
Click to watch the whole interview with Sally Barkow here.
For Full WMRT News Release click here.
– Ends –Religious Values have no meaning or force outside of those who are members.
Prince, the rock star, died because of his religious objection to medical treatment and died of exhaustion and drugs.
Under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey is becoming increasingly Islamist, increasingly oppressive, and increasingly regressive (are those all synonyms)? This once vibrant and largely secular country is now an oligarchy, and it’s forbidden to criticize both Islam and Erdogan. According to the Associated Press, there are nearly 2,000 court cases open in which people have been indicted for insulting the President. Some democracy!
The latest antic of this censorious government, however, is especially vile. Two journalists working for the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet have each been sentence to two years in prison (actually three, but reduced to two on technical grounds) for illustrating their columns with a Charlie Hebdo cartoon. Here are the courageous writers, Hikmet Cetinkaya (left) and Ceyda Karan (R):
Here’s the familiar cartoon that accompanied their columns:
Because of this cartoon, they were, as the AP reports, “acquitted of “insulting religious values” but convicted on charges of…
View original post 324 more wordsThirty Causes Customers Look at A Motion Picture Trailers
Unsurprisingly, internet motion picture trailers are witnessing loads of action in the past ten days. Traffic monitoring trailers represents is exactly many of us who advertise shows, or set film trailers on our webpage or mobile app do. All of us want to be familiar with what is incredibly hot this week, and what is the after that main dvd and we want see most desirable web page, and therefore why we recommend to watch. Therefore we thinking this may be a great time to inquire « What would make people today monitor flick trailers? » Why talk to this you say? Given that the additional we learn the circumstances through which folks relax and watch mov for example trailers, the better we’ll find out how to translate the trailer represents we obtain. So we’ve did the trick up a light document about them.
How many factors can you consider that someone would check out the trailers? Here i will discuss ours:
New video, new trailer, first view.
- On the theatre at the same time trailers for brand new films play the game
- Just killing time paying attention to picture trailers internet whilst they await a person/a thing
- Interested to watch a movie soon enough, and taking a look at all trailers on local area theatre site
- Already know from the video, are intrigued, seek out trailer web-based
- No stranger to an actor, director, freelance writer, or genre belonging to the movie
- Familiar with the film business, have by no means come across some of the cinema, but hope to think ‘in the know’ (« What’s a Smaug? »)
- Massive lover from the video business (« I am Lord of your Jewelry! »)
- Not keen on the franchise, but have a friend who is
- Watching simply because like movie trailers
- Watch considering that it’s appeared with a motion picture trailers web page
- Enjoy since there was actually a link to the trailer within an online e-newsletter
- That has a colleague who reveals ‘watch this trailer’ and control for a cellphone or tablet pc
Same exact dvd, same exact trailer, secondary watch
- Located the trailer enjoyable
- Bought disrupted to start with
- Striving to determine the suitability for a child (« Snow White-colored and therefore the Huntsman » or ‘Mirror Mirror »?)
- Trying to look for the suitability for your day (She prefers Chris Hemsworth. « Thor » or « Rush »?)
- Testing to look for the viability for moms and dads, grandmother and grandfather, uncles, other relatives
- Demonstrating the trailer to a new friend or family member who hasn’t watched it and yet
- Couldn’t come to a decision should they be interested when the firstly enjoy
- Affirming it is the movie they want before buying passes (I do believe it absolutely was identified as Reddish things.)
Equal film, completely different trailer, for starters check out
- Great follower and paying attention to everything pertaining to the movie ( Go Katniss!)
- Can not try to remember a great deal concerning the title, so looking at new trailer (Who seems to be Llewyn Davis once again?)
- Acquired made the decision they weren’t serious, but then stood a close friend say they had been traveling
- Go through things around the blockbuster movie that constructed them curious (Benedict Cumberbatch is set in it?)
- Don’t plan to see, but displaying the trailer to someone that does
Same exact film, several trailers, 2nd watch
- Wish to see, and attempting to persuade a different person to view it way too using this trailers (You’ll like it – Chris Hemsworth was in it!)
Exact movie, any trailers, already viewed picture and trailers
- Beloved the film, and might view it repeatedly
- Reliving scenarios from the dvd
- Look at trailers previous to tweeting, submitting within the video ( I always content an issue on Flixster about flicks I view.)
- Trying to have a discussion somebody else into noticing it again
Our number adds up to 30 varied cases that anyone would enjoy a film trailers. So, can you think of a few other issues of which individuals will check out a trailer?
De registrieren und die autorin marionc beauftragenHatch. hatchschoolprograms-2016-17
5 Different Ways to Hatch your way to fun!
- Free Trial Come check out Hatch, kick the tires, and take a free test drive.
- $5 Fridays Join us for an awesome $5 workshop every Friday.
- Hatch Camps Summer, winter, March Break, PD Days – any time school is closed, Hatch is open.
- Weekly Classes Solve creative problems (Hatch Prime) or solve hard problems (Hatch Alpha) – crack one open or make a two-egg omelette.
- At your school Click here if you are interested in having Hatch taught onsite at your school.
AdvertisementsSince Rochester’s #1 agent, with $61 million in annual sales and more than 76% of his sales.
Philanthropic Activities
- Member of the Board of Directors of the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra
- Member of the Board of Directors of the Monroe Community College Foundation
- Member of the Board of Directors of the Rochester Police Department Foundation
- Member of the Attorney Grievance Committee - Seventh Judicial District
- Chair of the MCC Foundation Spring Gala since 2013
- Chair of the Rochester Area Community Foundation Evening Out at Home, 2008
- Former member of the Strong Museum Board of Directors
- Former member of the Empire State Pride Agenda Board
- Former Genesee Valley Chapter Association of Fundraising Professionals Outstanding Volunteer of the year
- Mark and his partner, Duffy Palmer, are committed to financially supporting the following organizations:
- Young Women's College Prep Charter School
- Hillside Work-Scholarship Connection
- Memorial Art Gallery
- Wilmot Cancer Center
- Willow Center for Domestic Violence
- Garth Fagan Dance
- Center for Youth
- Society for Chamber Music
- The Allendale Columbia SchoolToronto Buyers May Get Off Seller Rollercoaster In September
This September Toronto Housing Market Shifts To Buyers
With Toronto’s CNE coming to the end on Labour Day so to is our long seller’s market.
I have felt the frustration of my buyers, as each time we found a great house it always ended in a multiple offer scenario. The scene went as follows:
- We find a great house and we see that the seller will only review offers on next Monday night.
- Prior to the offer date we do our research to determine our pricing strategy.
- An inspection is scheduled as well as a talk with our lender to determine if we can go with no conditions.
- Offer date arrives and at 3 pm we are the only offer registered.
- At 7pm when offers are to be presented we are now 1 of 9.
- We put in our non-conditional offer, with a $50,000 bank draft and an offer that is $70,000 over list price.
- Then it is the wait.
- Finally the listing agent informs us that they took another offer which was so overpriced that it defied logic.
However from what I have experienced over the past few months I believe we will be seeing a substantial shift in our market.
We just experienced one of the longest seller’s market, so much so that both sellers and realtors have conditioned themselves that this normal. The Toronto housing market will be changing and you certainly want to be prepared when it arrives.
First off, Toronto housing prices will continue hold their value – this is not me talking but the public voice of BMO, RBC, CIBC and the Bank of Canada. What I expect we will see is a large amount of new listings (I refuse to use the word inventory as it makes it sound like I was shopping at IKEA). Again we will see this influx most likely in the 2nd and 3rd weeks of September.
For those of realtors who have never experienced a buyer’s market they will quickly find themselves in a very alien environment. If I was buying or selling in a changed market I would certainly look for a realtor who has navigated these waters before.
Here are my thoughts in how to better adapt to the new buyer’s market.
First of all recognize that sellers will not be prepared for this changed market place. Be patient but decisive.
As you see more homes starting to come onto the market keep a keen eye on those who have been sitting for a least 30 days.
Don’t be afraid of putting in a fair offer, but this time you are looking for the seller to counter offer.
Be open to negotiations and since you have already experienced putting in non-conditional offers then use them in bargaining.
Personally I am looking forward to a market shift as it puts greater rigor and fairness for both sellers and buyers….something long overdue in the Toronto real estate market.How dental hygiene program, dental hygiene program, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the dentistry department for course registration deadlines, and dental hygiene program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for How Cal State Long Beach natural sciences as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Registered Nurse-Weekends
United Hospital System
Associate Degree in Nursing. Coordinates and administers medical and nursing care to patients utilizing the nursing process which involves..
4-Weekends
United Hospital System
Associate Degree in Nursing. Coordinates and administers medical and nursing care to patients utilizing the nursing process which involves..
4 hours ago RN/Staff HH Exempt
Touro Infirmary
Degree from accredited school of nursing. 2 years of nursing experience required with at least 12 months of current (or recent-i.e w/in the last 12 months) in a..
3 hours ago27 Jul Financial journalists, know thy history. The credit chasm that caused the Crisis is being crossed.
Credit to Pascal Bouvier for highlighting this piece by Annamaria Andriotis, published 7/26/16 in the WSJ, on the re-emergence of near prime. To paraphrase her gist: Subprime consumer lending has re-emerged, with a new name to conceal the risk.
But her gist doesn’t jibe with the facts. Near prime, Alt-A are well established consumer ABS terms of art. Near prime dates back to the early 1990s, maybe earlier. Alt-A lending did not gain traction until the mid- or late-1990s. Also, near prime describes a benchmark of loan pool performance, not a borrower. Its defining characteristic is a static pool loss rate of 5% or so.
I think a more significant interpretation is that securitization is coming back, though maybe not in quite the same form.
As we know, FASB ASU 2016-13, aka Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) modeling, requires accounting losses to be reported cumulatively. This is how securitization experts have always measured credit risk. That lenders are now classifying their borrowers thus shows their thinking has crossed the credit chasm, from corporate to securitization.
Whether or not we like the idea of originate-to-distribute, the bundling of loan assets for retention or sale is a facet of modern wholesale debt capital markets. If we do it for the purpose of cheating with numbers (as rating agencies allowed some to do in the CDO market) of course we will regret the results. But with proper oversight, published cumulative measures will give us a sharper tool for risk classification. Less wasted capital means more to nourish the real economy. The best way to begin to finance the real economy is to finance the real economy, i.e., near-prime, based on the risk.
Any economy that can self-finance at ZIRP is isolated from real world risk.
The real worry is not the 5% versus 1.5-2%, but whether the risk has been parameterized. A near-prime pool could also be a blend of prime and subprime. Say the sweet spot for prime is 1.25% and the starting point for subprime is 8%, then a near prime pool could be a blend of the two cohorts in proportions 45% and 55%. But, this is a different financial proposition.The other morning, by chance I found a lump in the skin between my labia majora and minor. It didn't hurt at first, it's a little tender now but I think that's from all my prodding! The actual initial lump I found isn't that large, it was hard at first but has soften slightly with my prodding. But it's attached to what I can only describe as a long fibrous vessel/mass which heads down between my two Labia towards my body. I'm making an appointment with my gp when they open, but obviously I've been extremely anxious. Has anyone had any experience of this, and could it be something as simple as a blocked gland? I've not had unprotected sex so I can rule out any sti's.Daily Devotional
Walk In Your Ministry and Call
By Brenda Gittens
This week’s topic: The Church] you are members of it, each part severally and distinct [each with his own place and function]. (1 Corinthians 12:27, AMP). Just as a person’s ministry and call plays an important role in the body of Christ, it can also be used as a tool to reach those outside of the body who don’t know Christ and those who are in need. We have to constantly be reminded that we are the church, and God has a work to be done outside of the four church walls.
There are three things that can keep us from walking in our ministry and call.
1) Fear – When God tells us to do something, we may sit on it a while afraid to get up, step out in faith and do it. God has not given us the spirit of fear but of power, love, and of a sound mind.
2) People – We find ourselves worrying about what others think or say and then we feel we can’t do it. It’s all a deceiving lie from the enemy! We can do it! God said it and he is the one who has called, gifted, and gives the ability and equipping by the power of the Holy Spirit.
3) Ourselves – We are our worst critic at times, and we are the one stopping us from carrying out the work that God has given us to do.
Remember, when God calls us he begins a work in us. When we say yes, that’s when we start to work. We must “walk and work” the way he has anointed, appointed, designed, and assigned us to do it!
Scripture of the Day: “Just as a body, though one, has many parts, but all its many parts form one body, so it is with Christ.” – 1 Corinthians 12:27:.…My self confidence is something my dad has always invested himself in. From building my confidence to enter a middle school talent show to my decision to get bangs (never again), my dad has unfailingly been my support. Beauty is a huge part of my life and while I learned many things from my mom and older sister, my dad has taught me somethings along the way, as well.
Don’t be afraid to show some skin.
Growing up in Utah County undoubtedly held back my desire to show off my shoulders, let alone any other portion of my skin. I think back on my 12th birthday. The gift I received from my parents was a trip to Anthropology and getting to pick out whatever dress I wanted. At this age, fashion and beauty were at the horizon of my mind so I was obviously hypnotized by the delicate laces, detailed embroidery and simple designs of every garment in that store. But one dress caught my eye. It was a brightly colored, floral tank dress that flowed a few inches above my knee. I was almost too embarrassed to ask for this dress because it went against my church’s modesty standards so instead of picking it off the racks, I left it. My dad noticed my eyes relentlessly wandering back to the dress and decided to pick it up himself and told me to try it on. As I was in the dressing room, mesmerized by the fabric and fit, I told my parents that I could wear a shirt underneath so my shoulders would be covered and that I could wear leggings so my legs wouldn’t be on display. My dad scoffed and said, “it’s just a leg!” He was right. It was just a leg and just a shoulder and with those few words, I felt liberated. I shouldn’t let anything hold me back from what I really want. Needless to say, we bought that damn dress.
Get some sun, girl.
Although extensive exposure to the sun can cause damage, my parents aren’t afraid. My mom and dad could spend all day in the hot sun doing yard work or lounging on the porch, and they do; all the time. Say what you will about the sun, I don’t regret a single freckle on my face.
Lotion is key.
My dad loves Baby Magic. You know that powdery smelling lotion you put on infants? My dad lathers on that stuff after every shower he takes. Although the Baby Magic aroma is not one I prefer, the lesson remains. I can’t think of a time I got out of the shower and didn’t smother my body in lotion.
Even though my dad hates skinny jeans and makeup (it’s an art form, dad) he still supports me in everything I do. I am so blessed to have a father in my life who wants me to feel pretty and happy. My dad is nothing short of a fierce feminist. Happy Father’s day, dad.It wasn’t until Dr. Derek Hogan had asked how to work a non-disposable pipette did I realize that it had been years since the last time I touched one. It was a reality check of how little I remembered being in a lab. I made A’s in my bio and chem labs but that didn’t mean anything since it was four years ago and I plan on teaching my own students in a lab. My mini panic attack (while not unfounded) was unnecessary because after touring the lab with Dr. Hogan; it was easy to feel at ease in the lab again.
He re-introduced me on how to work a pipette and explained how important it was to be careful with them because if not done right the re-calibration of one could take not only time (had to be shipped off) but a lot of money as well. After a while I wasn’t scared to touch one as much and was reassured that all pipettes were unique and some worked differently from others.
Dr. Hogan also explained how the storage place was really important. Not only to keep things clean but also for safety reasons. For example, it’s easier to keep track of what is needed, like gloves for example, and it’s imperative that everyone wears the right equipment and the right size.
Dr. Hogan also re-drilled the important of cleanliness. He explained how dangerous it was if any left over materials were left out or if crumbs of an element were left on the counter. It would be the next person or yourself in danger if something reacted together or acid was left spilled, etc.
I managed to see things I’ve only read about before as I watched them create gels for them to manipulate DNA on them. While the student workers reacted like it was an everyday task (which it probably was to them) I found myself fascinated with the fact that they strip down DNA, try to find the missing pieces, and use super computers to crunch the numbers to fill the gaps. Dr. Derek never failed to point out that technology has come so far and only continues to grow in enormous speeds.
Some of my favorite equipment was the shaker and the purifier. The shaker because it was pretty cool to watch and the purifier because at the time the hot water was coming out brown in the sink, but through the purifier it looked crystal clear.
I learned a lot more during the tour, mostly lab safety and how expensive lab equipment can be. But the important lesson I learned was to relearn things if I haven’t done them in a while. I don’t want my kids to see me struggling with something they are trusting me to teach them so it’s important for me to practice beforehand what I do in the classroom.I have a photograph to share with you today that I hope you will see as beautiful. Some may see this woman as old, worn out and wrinkled. But I love photos of old people. You can see lines on their faces and hands that show they have lived life – sometimes it is harsh, sometimes kinder, but I always try to guess what their life was like.
To date this photo, we need to find out more about the man who took it. J. M. Gregory, of Louisville, Kentucky (another reason I favor this photo!), first appears in the Louisville city directories in 1870-1872, at a studio at 78 West Main Street. In 1873 and 74, he appears at 114 Market Street. After a pause of several years he is in the city directory for 1880-81 at 104 Fourth Street, then 1882-83 at 613 W. Market. In 1886, he again shows up at 810 W. Market – which is the address on this photo – and remains there through 1893. Afterwards there is no information about him in the Louisville city directories. Therefore, this photo was taken between 1886-1893.
This woman has the white hair that comes with great age. Isn’t it amazing that she has lived such a long life, particularly during this time period? From the perils of childbirth to the many illnesses that today could be cured, even in the 1880’s to 90’s something that seems trivial today could be deadly. She looks rather sad, but that was not unusual in the day. Her hands are those of someone who has worked all their life – washing clothes, weeding the garden, cooking meals, sewing – all those usual chores that come with being a wife and mother. Her clothes are not fancy, but look sturdy and useful. No jewelry, not even a wedding ring. At this point in her life she was someone’s wife, mother, grandmother, even possibly great-grandmother. Perhaps she had this photo made at the wishes of her family – to have a remembrance to cherish.For we do not proclaim ourselves; we proclaim Jesus Christ as Lord and ourselves as your slaves for Jesus’ sake. For it is God who said, “Let light shine out of darkness, “who has shown in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.” 2 Corinthians 4:5-6
2 Corinthians 4 is a warm Spring breeze blowing through the open window of a house that has been closed up for the winter. It brings life and renewal, song and sunlight. There’s a new fragrance coming into the house that pushes away the stale air.
This gospel is not about me; it’s not about me clenching my jaw and willing myself to be good enough, effective enough and (the Lord knows) busy enough. This gospel is about Him and his goodness, his love. The gospel transforms the humble and broken; it brings them to life: life in the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. I can breathe again.
Here’s my manna from heaven, what feeds my soul: God has deposited within me this eternal weight of glory. It is not of my making nor because I deserve it. It is God’s idea and by his good grace that he invites me to put aside my sorry attempts at self righteousness to be dressed in the very glory of his Son..
It’s been the Father’s desire that his people know and enjoy this glory throughout history. He wants us to know and enjoy the peace that only He can provide. In Exodus, God longs for the Israelites to be satisfied, but too often, like me they insist on having their way and refuse his command to honor his provision (they gather too much or too little manna) and don’t embrace his Sabbath rest. This human rebellion grieves Jesus so deeply that he weeps over Jerusalem saying, “If you, even you, had only recognized on this day the things that make for peace!” Luke 19:42. And then he enters the very city and ministers to those of us who are so insistent on our not needing him; we end up crucifying him.
But anything I throw at Christ has been conquered by his love for me. This is the love that breaks the power of sin and death over me. This is my eternal weight of glory. When I accept his love for me and rest in it, I am changed. The peace that he longs for me to possess is mine.
O Lord, may I respond to your transforming love with a full and grateful heart. Help me to recognize on this day the things that make for peace. Thank you for your love and kindness towards me, an undeserving sinner who rejected you. But here I am, and you call me yours. You are my glory and joy forever. Amen
KathyLove Handle Liposuction (Flanks liposuction)
Also known as flanks, love handles are located on the side of the body between the ribs and the hips. When love handles overgrow, they look quite bad as they start popping out, making your figure look disproportionate. Tumescent Liposuction technique can be implemented in this case it is a safe and targeted procedure in which the surgeon makes use of refined instruments to perform the surgery so the side effects are minimal and any discomfort or mild soreness goes away within a few days. There are no stitches and the tiny puncture wounds heal within two days.
This surgery is called Flanks liposuction and can be performed along with a Tummy tuck to give a slimmer and slender effect. You can opt for it if your love handles are too sloppy and unmanageable. Love handles lipo will help your waist look better and will give you that confidence to wear what suits your curves.
Love Handle Liposuction Before After Photos
PROCEDURE COST
To find out more about the Love Handle Liposuction Cost or to organize a consultation, contact us today on + 91 9869041559 or Email your queries to us at info@alluremedspa.in.
Back to LiposuctionLincoln Financial Cuts Dividend To Protect Ratings
By DIANE LEVICK
October 11, 2008
Lincoln Financial Corp. slashed its dividend by nearly half to preserve capital and ratings and said Friday that it expects at least a 45 percent drop in third-quarter net profit.
The company, which has about 700 employees in Hartford, also said that its capital base is strong and that it has no current plan to raise equity capital, a move that could dilute current shareholders' ownership stake.
Lincoln's stock jumped $5.64, or 31 percent on the news, to close at $23.95 a share Friday.
"We believe our third quarter excess capital position and the action we are taking to reduce the dividend serve to defend our strong capital base and improve our overall financial flexibility while maintaining a solid dividend for our shareholders," said Dennis R. Glass, Lincoln's president and chief executive.
The Philadelphia-based company's board declared a quarterly dividend of 21 cents a share on common stock to be paid Feb. 1 to shareholders of record on Jan. 9. That's a reduction from the 41.5 cents a share paid in recent quarters.
The dividend cut will save about $50 million a quarter and reflects a commitment to protect the company's AA (very strong) ratings, Lincoln said. The company also said it is suspending repurchase of its shares for the rest of the year, after buying back about 1 million shares in the third quarter for $50 million.
Lincoln expects to report third-quarter net income Oct. 28 of $120 million to $180 million, or 50 cents to 70 cents a share. Net income in the 2007 third quarter was $329 million, or $1.21 a share.
Net income in this year's quarter will include $140 million to $160 million of net realized losses on investments, after taxes, and an accounting adjustment related to future profitability of certain products. Before those items, gross investment losses and impairments will be about $400 million.
"Even in difficult economic conditions, our core retirement and insurance businesses performed well, and we remain well-positioned to execute on our business strategy," Glass said.
Along with Lincoln, other life insurer stocks rallied Friday, including The Phoenix Cos., which rose 99 percent, or $3.21, to close at $6.46 a share after slumping steadily this week to $3.25 on Thursday.
Includes option to search related Hartford sites.
Advanced Search
Search TipsI spotted this bracelet in the current issue of Bead magazine and just had to have a go. I've been wanting to make something in this style for ages but never quite got around to it - you know how it is!! I have to say it wasn't exactly difficult but quite fiddly as once started there are so many little places where the thread can catch as you go along so I had to be careful to ensure that there were no unwanted loops of thread each time it was pulled through the beads. I like the finished article and it was worth the slight frustration involved. I just might have to make one in another colour scheme now.
Val this is really pretty I love it....must have taken you ages to make but well worth it.
Anne
This is really lovely you must have lots of patience. Hugs x ChrisB
Love the colours that you have used, and fully appreciate the time it must have taken you, as I make jewellery myself! It looks fab, Judith xx
How pretty this is. Well done on having the patience.
Hugs
Lesley Xx专辑介绍：
非常优秀的旋死乐队，我所发布的金属巨兽四的第一张盘的背景音乐就使他们的，芬兰的乐队！！旋律非常好，谨请不要错过，希望大家喜欢！！
艺人介绍：
THE DUSKFALL have it all: the sheer power of finest Thrash riffing, Death Metal grooves and out-of-this-world hunting melodies. This Swedish quartet is setting new standards in complex song-writing and sheer headbanging power! Produced by Daniel Bergstrand (IN FLAMES, MESHUGGAH, DARK FUNERAL), “Lifetime Supply Of Guilt” is the new release from the Swedish combo and it combines and enhance all the strengths of THE DUSKFALL. “Intensity, melody, aggression” as Mikael Sandorf sums it up when talking about his music.
All of this and more can be found in the latest effort of the Swedes: intense guitar solos, unforgettable Power Metal melodies and brutal Death / Thrash riffing are the most obvious elements of THE DUSKFALL style. Above all soars the aggressive yet emotional voice of Kai that gives that very special edge to killer tracks like “The Shallow End” or “Hours Are Wasted”. With “Lifetime Supply Of Guilt”, THE DUSKFALL have truly distilled the essence of their sound. This is Swedish Metal at its very best.
Formed by guitarist Mikael Sandorf in Luleå / Sweden in 1999, THE DUSKFALL emerged from the ashes of the legendary but short-lived Melodic-Death act GATES OF ISHTAR. Early on in their career THE DUSKFALL had to suffer from a number of line-up changes and technical problems when both Tommi Konu (Bass) and Urban Carlsson (Drums) had to leave the band. After months of searching an old friend from GATES OF ISHTAR, Oskar Karlsson, came to rescue as a drummer while Kaj Molin replaced Tommi on the bass. Finally all seemed in place with a full line-up and by the summer of 2001 their first demo entitled "Deliverance" was ready.
In spring 2002 THE DUSKFALL finally released their highly acclaimed debut CD, "Frailty", produced by Daniel Bergstrand. After the CD was released it was time to give another touch to the line-up when Joachim Lindbäck joined the band on guitars. Once the change was dealt with the band started focusing on writing new songs for their second CD, recorded once again at Daniel Bergstrand`s Dug Out Studios and entitled "Source" (released in Dec 2003). The responses from the medias were excellent as the band projected their music forward by returning to a more distinct sound and reclaiming their own roots.
After the release of "Source" the curse struck again as Kaj and Joachim also decided to leave to band to focus on other things in life. This was a major setback but the band got help from Antti Lindholm on guitars and Marco Eronen on bass. Both are now fulltime members of the DUSKFALL family.
THE DUSKFALL have just recently supported SLAYER and ANTHRAX on a several shows and will return soon to a stage near you….
/thumb.jpg)
/thumb.jpg)
专辑曲目:
1. Trust Is Overrated
2. Shallow End
3. Break the Pact
4. Stubborn Soul
5. Shoot It In
6. Going Down Screaming
7. Hours Are Wasted
8. Sympathy Has Deceased
9. Downright Dreadful
10. Relive YourSpring is in the air, and yet, there are concerns that we carry with us - as if the cold winds of winter threaten to never leave.
Our granddaughter's kidneys continue to fail, and things will get worse before they get better as she awaits a kidney transplant. And there are other concerns on our minds - problems all across the globe, in our neighborhoods, and inside our homes. For we are not promised a problem-free life.
Likely every person on this earth has some form of trial that they are in the midst of. If not now, they will have. And the longer we live, the more we are in need. For there is pain all around.
"But the gospel is not ultimately a defense from pain and suffering; rather, it is the message of God's rescue through pain." (Glorious Ruin)
And the pain we experience has a way
of pulling our hearts towards God.
Our need pulls us to Him.
As I am reading through Fifty Reasons Why Jesus Came to Die by John Piper, (focusing deeper on Him during these weeks leading up to Easter Sunday), I am receiving some deeper insight into familiar words. As with these words (above) from Romans ...
It's the "all things" that catches my attention. We know that this does not refer to giving us all things that make for a perfect life, free from pain and problems ... for this world is fallen. A problem-free life is in our future home.
"It means that He will give us all things that are good for us. All things that we really need in order to be conformed to the image of His Son. ... God will meet every real need, including the ability to rejoice in suffering when many felt needs do not get met." (John Piper)
In this life filled with the good and the lovely, as well as with pain and tears, we are promised all things that we need. All that we need as we walk through trials. All that we need as we grieve, as we sorrow ... everything that we need to walk through this life. And this is a breath of fresh spring air ... a promise of His Presence.
Click for more posts on this topic ...
Held Secure: His Love in Times of Trial
Linking up with:
Faith Filled Friday
Click for more posts on this topic ...
Held Secure: His Love in Times of Trial
Linking up with:
Faith Filled Friday
Prayers for sweet Crystal ( I think I remember her name correctly) Love, in Jesus, Cynthia“La nit just abans dels boscos”, in the Romea
The new staging of the theatrical monologue by Bernard-Marie Koltès can be seen up until the 10th of November
Bernard-Marie Koltès wrote La nit just abans dels boscos (The Night Just Before the Forests) in 1976, when he was 28 years old. The following year it was presented in the Off section of the Avignon Festival and the authors prestige within French literary circles grew exponentially, a prestige which continued to grow with subsequent works such as Black Battles With Dogs, Quay West and Roberto Zucco. His premature disappearance in 1989 due to AIDS-related complications has done nothing to prevent him being considered as a contemporary classic author.
The piece in question is a devastating monologue in which the protagonist approaches a stranger – the spectator – in a nameless corner on a dark night, subjecting them to tale of an anonymous, grey existence which evolves into bitter confession. The piece has been staged in Barcelona on a number of occasions, notably that starring Mingo Ràfols and directed by Rafael Duran.
On this occasion the protagonist who will attempt to capture the audience in the dark corners of the Teatre Romea, armed with nothing more than a volcanic dissertation that will leave no-one indifferent is Óscar Muñoz, under the direction of Roberto Romei. The performance can be seen up until the 10th of November.
Information about the event
- All comments
Send us a comment and share your experience of this event. If you have any other doubts or suggestions, you can click this link.
* The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown.Kim Kardashian may have tried to #BreakTheInternet, but it’s South Korean pop star PSY who “broke” YouTube -- or pushed it to its limits, at least.
Psy’s trademark hit “Gangnam Style” is so popular it exceeded YouTube’s 2,147,483,647 view limit. After reaching that unthinkable amount (if you’re a failed mathlete, that’s more than 2 billion) the counter stopped working.
“We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer...but that was before we met PSY,” YouTube wrote in a post on Google+. “‘Gangnam Style’ has been viewed so many times we had to upgrade to a 64-bit integer.”
The California company, owned by Google, upped the view counter's maximum to 9,223,372,036,854,775,808 -- that’s more than 9 quintillion. But YouTube didn’t technically break because of the hit song, Google spokesman Matt McLernon told CNN.
“It's just people having fun with the language," McLernon said.
To have its own bit of fun, YouTube recently programmed the "Gangnam" video’s counter to move backward and forward when viewers hover over it.
"Gangnam Style," uploaded nearly 2½ years ago, was the first video to hit 1 billion views.
Twitter: @ParviniParlanceA Little Goes A Long Way
When Katherine Commale was just 5 years old, she saw a program on TV about how malaria was taking the lives of Africans every 30 seconds. She didn’t understand why people in Africa had to suffer when all they needed were bed nets – her child-like logic brought her to a simple solution: send bed nets to Africa..NOW! To her, the solution seemed so easy but it greatly affected her to know that something costing as little as $10 was not accessible by the poverty-stricken people in Africa. Instead of settling for the age-old “it is only happening to other people, not me” attitude, Katherine felt compelled to help them and did whatever she could to spread the message even if the task was too big for a five year old.
While most kids could not yet fully understand what suffering meant, Katherine Commale did and saw the importance in reaching out to the children in Africa. Her pure and giving heart drove her to help these strangers miles away, hoping to give them a chance to live better lives without the fear of malaria. With the help of her mother, Lynda, Katherine began giving talks at her local church and community about the disease; she wanted everyone to know the deadliness of the disease but most of all, she wanted people to know that the solution was only one bed net away. She even went the extra mile to create a diorama with her three year old brother to illustrate her message so everyone – without exception – will be inspired to help. For most of us, it may never occur to us that our bed nets were precious assets but Katherine stood up and made us realize that it could save someone’s life.
Rather than spending her holidays having fun like other kids her age, Kathrine chose to use the holiday season to show everyone what the spirit of giving really means. Gathering her neighbours and friends together, they made hand-decorated bed net gift certificates to be sold and then gifted to someone in Africa. This small yet powerful gesture allowed her to send over 750 bed nets every holiday – a remarkable number that sparked the beginning of even bigger things. Before she was even 6 years old, Katherine’s passion has lead her to become the spokeskid for UN’s Nothing But Nets campaign and was invited to speak for both President Bush and President Clinton respectively among many other commercials and newspaper appearances – a role model not just for young children to aspire for greater things but for adults to never stop dreaming.
Katherine’s selfless deed in championing against malaria showed us that a little goes a long way and that age is really only a number. It also showed us that you don’t always need a reason to be kind and generous to someone but instead it should come as second nature to share our joys with everyone around us. The joy of giving may not strike a chord with many at first but it is time we thought about what we can do to make the world a better place rather than waiting for someone to do it for you. Here are some small ways you can give to start making a difference:
Give the gift of compassion
Everyone you meet everyday has a story of their own. How they react and how they present themselves is a reflection of their inner self. Often times, we are creatures quick to judge and we start making our own conclusions about them; but instead, remember that these people have their struggles too and show some kindness because you don’t know who might need it. Like the quote says “Don’t judge people, you never know what kind of battles they are fighting”.
Duplicate your love
We all have a little love to give someone and showing a little TLC can never hurt anybody. Instead of keeping all the love to yourself, share it! Share it with everyone around you and it doesn’t even have to be physical gifts. You can give a sincere smile or help a lady cross the street – anything. So long as you are extending your hand to someone, a little will always go a long way. Just like Katherine has duplicated her love to the people in Africa, you can do it too.
Show gratitude to everyone
f you have ever worked retail, you will know that a kind and polite customer is always the highlight of your day even if it was something as simple as a warm “Thank you”. Showing your gratitude and gratefulness doesn’t take anything from you but instead, it adds a new shared connection between two people – even if just for a moment. People will never turn away an opportunity to feel noticed and appreciated, so make someone’s day and let them know their efforts are seen.
Share your fortunes
If you are broke, don’t worry; fortunes, like giving, can come in all forms. You can share your fortunate talent in baking by blessing your friends with quality cookies or if you are fortunate enough to have a car, pick up a colleague and carpool together! It’s these details that we often overlook – but it’s these small things that matter. Never think that you have nothing to offer because hey, you are fortunate to have a beautiful smile, so you can do that, can’t you?A couple months later, while I was taking care of her, she passed away. It was really sad. I called her daughter and talked to her and after my shift got in my car to go home for the night. On my way home, a cardinal swooped down right in front of my windshied right as leaving the "Home" parking lot. I slammed on the breaks and remembered our deal. Then I thought, no it was just a coincidence.
But I decided to call her daughter and tell her anyways. So a couple days later she called me and said, wow, at her burial, there was this cardinal just sitting on the fence singing away through the whole thing. But still in the back of my mind I thought, well maybe again just a coincidence.
But then a couple days after that, her daughter was at a Hallmark store buying a card when she saw a little beanie baby cardinal. There was only one sitting there and she asked the lady to go check to see if there was anymore and explained why cardinals were so important to her. She came back with one more she had found and the clerk said why dont you open the little card on there, maybe there is a message for you in there. The card read birthday: August xx, (the date that Macey had died). I didn't question it at all after that.
This is just a couple example of things that happened with cardinals. Years later her daughter and I still keep in touch and share our cardinal stories.
So the cardinal became a symbol for me that things are all right. There is something more out there then this, here on earth. Thank God, right? When I finally got diagnosed with Lyme, I was so relieved to finally know what was wrong with me. I was told that in all likelihood after three weeks of doxy I'd be back to normal.
When that did not happen I went into a very anxiety ridden depressed state. One morning I tried to stand up and fell onto the floor because I couldn't feel my legs. They were too weak to hold me. I laid there on the floor for hours crying and started to pray. I prayed and prayed and prayed. All of a sudden a calm peaceful feeling came over me, and a I felt this feeling that it was ok. I would NOT get better, but I needed to go through this to help others.
Then I got this feeling to try to get up and go look out the window. And sure enough, there was my little cardinal staring straight at me from a bush right outside my window. I knew that was sign that I am somehow meant to help others that are sick too. I also keep in mind that it is just not my time to get better and I just might not ever get better, but it's necessary to go through this for a bigger reason then I can understand. To help others.
Activism I have accomplished since this experience. All mostly from bed. Don't let anyone tell you, "you can't."stone grinding mills india
09/Jun/2012
Food Processing Machinery,Flour Mill Emery Stones,Food .. mill emery stones, food processing equipment, flour mill stone manufacturer, food processing machinery and equipment, indian food processing emery stones, food processing equipment, flour mill stone manufacturer, food processing machinery and equipment, indian food processing machinery.
2016 China supplier low price home use mini stone flour mill . US $1000-10000 . Flour Mill Grinder, India Flour Mill Grinder Suppliers Directory on . India Flour.
Manufacturer, Exporter and Supplier of Emery stone mill-horizontal grinder, horizontal grinders, dall and besan plant bucket elevator, atta plant bucket elevator,.
Mills & Emery Stone. Laxmi Engineers. Spice Grinder. We are manufacturers, suppliers and exporters of Grinding Mills like spice grinders, stoneless cabinet.
India Stone Mill, India Stone Mill Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large . small grinding stone for flour mills; small flour grinding mill stone.
Flour Mill Emery Stones, having the requisite hardness, are the manufacturers from ... We are leading distributor of Grinding Stone in Jaipur, Rajasthan(India).
Stone Grinding Mills make great, healthy flour. Our grinding mills meet the demand of all types of customers.
Manufacturer and exporter of millstones, emery stones, flour mill emery stones, . stone, bolt type emery stone offered by Sukhsa Exports, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.Tuesday 17th June / presented by Ed Williams
Let’s talk science over a pint of beer…
Scitech has once again join forces with ANTSO to bring you Profs and Pints, held over four Tuesdays this month and next.
Among some of the current and controversial science topics includes the debate over Mars.
Is there life on Mars?
Well there could be soon with people from all over the world volunteering to go to Mars… on a one-way ticket.
Science Comedian and Astronaut Candidate, Josh Richards, is among those in the running to become one of the four humans to live on Mars.
He joined Ed, along with Scitech Science Communicator, Jessie Roxbury, on Morning Magazine…
Play marsonourmindpodcast […]You are here : Doughty Engineering
: Pantographs
: Standard Pantographs
The standard pantograph range consists of eight models with a drop of 2.2 to 5 metres.
Each Pantograph is fitted with a 28mm Spigot (top) and a three point receiver (bottom).
Heavy duty cable clips are fitted to take one power lead plus one signal lead.
For price and availability contact your nearest Dealer - click here for our Dealer Locator
Part No:
G1660: Pantograph 2.20m - SWL 12 Kg - 2 SpringG1662: Pantograph 3.00m - SWL 12 Kg - 2 SpringG1664: Pantograph 4.00m - SWL 12 Kg - 2 SpringG1666: Pantograph 5.00m - SWL 12 Kg - 2 SpringG1670: Pantograph 2.20m - SWL 20 Kg - 3 Spring G1672: Pantograph 3.00m - SWL 20 Kg - 3 Spring G1674: Pantograph 4.00m - SWL 20 Kg - 3 Spring G1676: Pantograph 5.00m - SWL 20 Kg - 3 Spring G1682: Pantograph 3.00m - SWL 27 Kg - 4 Spring G1684: Pantograph 4.00m - SWL 27 Kg - 4 Spring G1686: Pantograph 5.00m - SWL 27 Kg - 4 SpringG1694: Pantograph 4.00m - SWL 36 KG - 5 SpringG1696: Pantograph 5.00m - SWL 36 Kg - 5 SpringRichland staff salary scales, staff salary scales, for example, you may gain an advantage in corporate recruiting being done on-campus. Check with the workforce development department for course registration deadlines, and career training program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Rich Northern Kentucky University academics as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Production Accountant
Warner Bros. Entertainment Group
SUMMARY OF POSITION Warner Bros. Animation Inc. seeks a Production Accountant for the WBA Estimating department.
4 days ago Account Specialist
GuideSpark
This is a high-activity, high-volume presales role focused on maximizing the number of well-qualified new business opportunities..
5 hours ago Risk Forecasting Analyst
First Hawaiian Bank
2-4 years related experience in finance, economics, business, computer science, information technology or related field and/or five or more years of experience.
2 days ago Entry Level Pharmaceutical Sales Representative
Stratus Pharmaceuticals
Develop and execute a territory business plan. Stratus Pharmaceuticals promotes topical products to Hospitals, Long Term Acute Care Centers, Physician offices.
4 days agoLirik Lagu The
‘Cos.
After the havoc that I’m gonna wreak
No more words will critics have to speak
I’ve got to answers to the tangled knot
Sleep tight in your cot.
Oh baby,
I’ve been told I’m goin’ crazy.
Oh baby,
I can’t be held down.
Oh baby,
Somehow I’m keeping it steady.
Oh baby,
I’m tearing up this town.
Hey, this is what I like
Cut my heart with a,
‘Til they bring the curtain down on the stage.
I’m the greatest man that ever lived…
I’m the greatest man that ever lived…
I’m the greatest man that ever lived…
I am the greatest man that ever lived
I was born to give and give and give.
I am the greatest man that ever lived
Radio a (Dio a) Dio a (Dio a)
I am the greatest ever lived.
I was born to give.“.
The Encore Western Channel began running episodes of the series in a daily weekday afternoon time slot on January 2, 2015, starting with the color episodes and eventually going back to the beginning and running the black-and-white seasons as well. I’ve watched several dozen episodes since the series began and greatly enjoy these little slices of American history. Among the famous historical figures portrayed in episodes I’ve seen are Lewis & Clark, Kit Carson, John C. Fremont, William Randolph Hearst, Ambrose Bierce, Horace Greeley, Wild Bill Hickok, Calamity Jane, Billy the Kid, Doc Holliday, Sam Bass, Judge Roy Bean, Lillie Langtry, Lola Montez, Lotta Crabtree, the Dalton Brothers, Hugh Glass, L. Frank Baum and Isadora Duncan!
“The Girl Who Walked the West” dramatized the exploits of Meriwether Lewis (Dick Simmons) & William Clark (Don Matheson), as well as their Indian guide, Sacagawea (Angela Dorian).
“Samaritans, Mountain Style” featured John C. Fremont (Dick Simmons) on one of his early expeditions to forge an accessible trail to California.
“Spring Rendezvous” told the tale of frontiersman Kit Carson (James MacArthur) and his romance with the daughter (Brioni Farrell) of a tribal chief.
“Doc Holliday’s Gold Bars” offered up an amusing tale of notorious gambler-gunslinger Doc Holliday (Warren Stevens) trying to pull off an extraordinary con, only to find the tables turned on him.
“Three Minutes to Eternity” showed us the ill-fated raid on Coffeyville Kansas by the Dalton bothers, Bob (Forrest Tucker), Grat (Jim Davis) and Emmett (Tom Skerritt).
Other episodes dealing with historical figures are covered in greater depth below.
Some episodes offered stories centered around Native American, Black, Asian, and Mexican characters. I deal with three of those in greater detail below.
The original host was veteran character actor Stanley Andrews, who was billed as “The Old Ranger” during his tenure, lasting from 1952 to 1964, followed by a succession of much bigger names in the host chair, including Robert Taylor, Dale Robertson, John Payne and, in his final acting/hosting work before running for Governor of California, Ronald Reagan.
Taylor and Reagan sometimes starred in episodes they hosted, which gave the series two of the biggest Hollywood names they’d get. There were plenty of familiar faces in the show and you’ll see some in the pictures I’ve posted, including Forrest Tucker, Jim Davis, Robert Blake and June Lockhart. Some, of course, like Clint Eastwood, Tom Skerritt, Yaphet Kotto and George Takei, became famous later on. More often, however, the actors weren’t as well known.
“Shanghai Kelly’s Birthday Party”:
“The Lawless Have Laws”:
“The Last Letter”:
I’ve reviewed eleven episodes so far for IMDB. Here are notes on some of my favorite episodes, accompanied by screen shots and, where applicable, excerpts from my IMDB reviews.
“The Kid from Hell’s Kitchen” (1966) starred Robert Blake as Billy the Kid and recounts the explosive incident that catapulted him into outlaw status.
“The Kid from Hell’s Kitchen,” a 1966 episode of “Death Valley Days,” tells the story of 18-year-old William Bonney and how he met and gradually earned the trust of his mentor and father figure, the English rancher John Tunstall (John Alderson), in Lincoln County, New Mexico in 1877-78. Bonney tries to steal from Tunstall on two occasions, but each time the kindly Tunstall gives him a chance, recognizing that all Bonney needs is respect and decent treatment. Bonney rewards him by becoming a top hand at his ranch. At the time, Tunstall and his colleagues, Alexander McSween (James Seay) and John Chisum (Roy Engel), are in a business dispute with rival merchant Lawrence Murphy (Lane Bradford) over government cattle contracts, which soon escalates into a lethal confrontation, the result of which so incenses Bonney that he takes matters into his own hands and responds with violence, thus beginning his career as an outlaw, soon to be known as Billy the Kid.
The show offers a rather simplified sum-up of the conflict between the two factions and leaves out a lot of other important figures from what would be known as the Lincoln County War, which left 30 men dead and had to be resolved by intervention from the territorial governor. Still, it’s a well-acted, concisely told version of the central relationship in Billy’s life, that between him and Tunstall. What I especially liked here was the abundance of screen time given to the other key figures in the conflict, McSween, Chisum, and Murphy, all played by strong character actors.
The complete review is found here.
“A Calamity Called Jane” (1966) charts Calamity Jane’s short-lived working relationship with Wild Bill Hickok. Jane is played by Fay Spain, who really tones down her usual glamor here, and Hickok is played by Rhodes Reason.
For far too long in Hollywood’s history, Calamity Jane was given the glamorous treatment in westerns depicting her character, most notably in THE PLAINSMAN (1936), in which Jean Arthur played her, THE PALEFACE (1948), with Jane Russell, CALAMITY JANE AND SAM BASS (1949), with Yvonne De Carlo, and CALAMITY JANE (1953), in which a singing Doris Day played the title role. So I was pleasantly surprised to watch the “Death Valley Days” episode, “A Calamity Called Jane” (1966), in which Jane is portrayed as a homely, salty-talking, hard-drinking, two-fisted cuss in dirty buckskins, unkempt hair and no makeup. Fay Spain runs with the part and brings a rather sad and touching figure to life in a short tale that compresses her entire relationship with Wild Bill Hickok (Rhodes Reason) to the course of a few short days, from the time they meet to his untimely demise at the hand of an irate gambler. During that period, she is asked to join Hickok’s Wild West Show to do trick shooting and riding, but has to contend with Hickok’s disdain of her personal habits and troublesome behavior. Despite his criticism, she comes to realize she’s in love with him and makes the impulsive decision to try and adopt a more ladylike image, after a visit to a dress shop, with disastrous results. Her feelings are deeply hurt and she retires to a barn after retrieving her battered buckskin pants and jacket and nurses her bitterness with a bottle of whiskey, talking to herself and lamenting being made to look foolish. It’s a moving scene and we get a sense of the vulnerable human being beneath her crusty exterior.
The complete review is found here.
“The Paper Dynasty” (1964) offers a glimpse of the early San Francisco-based newspaper career of William Randolph Hearst, played by James Hampton (later the bugler on “F Troop”). Journalist and short story writer Ambrose Bierce (James Lanphier) and actress Sarah Bernhardt (Michele Montau) also make appearances, as does Hearst’s father, George Hearst (Barry Kelley).
“The Paper Dynasty” is an episode of the long-running series, “Death Valley Days,” and offers a historical snapshot of young aspiring newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst (James Hampton) and his attempt to turn the money-losing San Francisco Examiner around in 1887. His father, Senator George Hearst (Barry Kelley), the paper’s owner, gives young “Willie” a year to make it pay for itself. Hearst hires the renowned writer Ambrose Bierce (James Lanphier) as a reporter to do investigative pieces and a young former actress, henceforth known as “Annie Laurie” (Lory Patrick), as a “sob sister” to capture human interest stories. The paper goes after big targets, including some of the powerful citizens in the wealthy Nob Hill district and the railroad companies, backers of Hearst’s father. One of the interview subjects of a lighter series is none other than the great actress Sarah Bernhardt (played in one brief scene by Michele Montau). When the year is up and the paper is still losing money, things look bad for its future.
It’s a low-budget endeavor with most scenes taking place indoors and most of the action played out in Hearst’s office at the Examiner, but the acting is good and the portrayal of Hearst as a crusader for a free and uncompromised press is something of a novelty given the way Hearst is usually depicted.
Hearst and Bernhardt:
Hearst and his father:
The complete review is found here.
“A Picture of a Lady” (1965) charts the devotion of Texas Judge Roy Bean (Peter Whitney) to actress Lillie Langtry (Francine York) and their years of correspondence. He goes so far as to rename his town Langtry. When she finally pays a visit to the remote location to satisfy his wish to meet her, she finds she’s a little too late. This story has been dramatized in feature films, including John Huston’s THE LIFE AND TIMES OF JUDGE ROY BEAN (1972), starring Paul Newman as Judge Bean and Ava Gardner as Langtry.
“Hugh Glass Meets the Bear” (1966) tells the story of mountain man Hugh Glass and his near-fatal encounter with a bear while on a trapping mission. The exact same story, told here in 30 minutes, was the basis for the 2015 feature film, THE REVENANT, which was 156 minutes long and was nominated for 12 Oscars, three of which the film won, including Best Actor for Leonardo DiCaprio, who played Glass. Here he’s played by English actor John Alderson, who also played English rancher John Tunstall in the Billy the Kid episode cited above.
This 1966 episode of “Death Valley Days” tells basically the same story that would be told 50 years later in Alejandro González Iñárritu’s 2015 film, THE REVENANT, starring Leonardo DiCaprio in the role of Hugh Glass. Glass was a renowned fur trapper and explorer, aka “mountain man,” in the early years of the 19th century (he died in 1833) and his story has also been told in the 1971 film, MAN OF THE WILDERNESS, where he was played by Richard Harris. In “Hugh Glass Meets the Bear,” Glass (John Alderson) is recruited by Major Henry (Tris Coffin) to lead a scouting party through Indian territory to find a trail to Fort Henry at the mouth of the Yellowstone. At one point, he scouts ahead to find water and is confronted at a stream by a bear who attacks him and leaves him badly mauled in a scene shot on location with a real bear (although closeups of Glass in the near-fatal embrace feature a stuffed bear). Two of the men, Fitzpatrick (Morgan Woodward) and Glass’s protégé, Jim Bridger (Carl Reindel), are convinced that Glass, seen unconscious with bloody claw marks on his face, is mortally wounded and beyond hope and they leave him behind, going so far as to take his rifle. Glass slowly revives and has to make his way back to the fort, bitter at being left behind without a weapon in such a seemingly callous manner, especially since he’d done so much to mentor Bridger, then 19 years old, who would become a famous mountain man, scout and explorer in his own right. There’s not much more to it than that, with very little time spent on Glass’s journey back, and it’s all told in a tidy 25 minutes. The new film takes 156 minutes to tell pretty much the same tale, in much greater detail, of course, and it casts Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald, the real-life figure whom Fitzpatrick, in the TV episode, is based on, and Will Poulter as Jim Bridger. I suspect that the real story of Glass’s encounter with the bear and his journey back to Fort Kiowa lies somewhere between the simplified “Death Valley Days” episode and the R-rated THE REVENANT.
The complete review can be found here.
“A Man Called Abraham” (1967) focuses on a lesser-known figure, a black missionary and former slave who seeks to minister the gospel to the Apaches. Starring Yaphet Kotto as the title character, it’s a touching story of faith and redemption and co-stars Rayford Barnes as a fugitive killer who takes Abraham prisoner.
“A Man Called Abraham,” a 1967 episode of “Death Valley Days,” tells an extraordinary true tale of an escaped slave named Abraham (Yaphet Kotto) who lives in Apache country in Arizona and functions as a missionary, seeking, so far unsuccessfully when this story begins, to spread the word of the Gospel to the Apaches living there. A sudden turn of events finds Abraham a prisoner of a fugitive killer named Cassidy (Rayford Barnes), who forces him to accompany him on a flight through the arid terrain hoping Abraham will be able to find sources of water. A small band of Apaches comes upon them at night led by Victorio (Michael Keep), the Apache leader and friend of Abraham, who offers to kill Cassidy and free him, but Abraham insists upon staying with the killer, believing it is God’s will that he save the man’s soul or die trying. Victorio is stunned by Abraham’s devotion to his “strange god,” but allows the killer to live, although first taking everything from him but his pistol. Thus begins a short but remarkable journey.
It’s rare to see such a deeply felt tale of faith in a TV western, especially given the harsh setting and rough-edged characters surrounding Abraham and his little homestead, which he has dubbed Beersheba. Abraham understands the high probability of death in this situation, either at the hands of Cassidy or from lack of food and water, but his belief in God dictates that he accept his fate unquestioningly. Actor Yaphet Kotto conveys Abraham’s devotion to his faith with every fiber of his being, giving one of the most moving performances I’ve yet seen in an episode of this series.
The complete review is found here.
“The Other White Man” (1964) looks at the experiences of a runaway slave, played by James Edwards, who went to live with the Dakota Indians and resents being called by the title phrase. When an Indian agent comes looking to negotiate a treaty, the former slave is fearful of being returned to slavery, not knowing that slavery has been abolished.
“The Other White Man” is a Season 13 episode of “Death Valley Days” and tells an incident-packed story of conflict between Indians and whites in the Dakota Territory around 1875, when a treaty barred whites from entering Dakota land. In the opening, we see a Dakota Indian warrior, Running Wolf, kill a white gold prospector as he’s threatening Tacilia, an Indian woman also known as Healing Woman, who has ordered the prospector off the land since he’s violating the treaty. The Indian chief, Tall Rock, fears retaliation by the army and wants to try to make amends. Meanwhile, at the nearest fort, the commander bars a wagon train from traveling through Indian country, while Dr. Ransome, an Indian agent from Washington, D.C., heads out to visit Tall Rock to attempt to renegotiate the treaty to allow settlers to pass through. Dr. Ransome’s guide is killed by Running Wolf and Ransome is wounded, but nursed back to health in the Dakota camp by Healing Woman.
At this point, fairly late in the narrative, the title character, “the Other White Man,” is called in by Tall Rock to help get Ransome back to the fort and mediate with the whites. This man turns out to be Scipio Gaines, a black man and runaway slave who hates it when the Indians call him “white man,” seeing him as no different from the white men he’s fled. Gaines has been living among the Indians for many years and has had very little news from the outside world. He is fearful of any contact with whites because he believes they will return him to slavery, so he meets Ransome with great apprehension.
The complete review can be found here.
There are two episodes I’ve seen so far that qualify for inclusion in my “Asian Stars in TV Westerns” series of blog entries. Both deal with acts of bigotry aimed at Asian immigrants in 19th century California. A Japanese-American actor plays a Chinese immigrant in one episode and a Korean actor plays a Japanese immigrant in the other.
“The Book” (1965) stars George Takei as a Chinese immigrant who makes friends with a white miner (Tom Skerritt) who defended him from an attack by bigoted bullies.
“The Book” is one of a handful of “Death Valley Days” episodes to focus on the experiences of Asians in the old west. Here we see a Chinese immigrant named Wong Lee (George Takei), newly arrived in the mining town of Calico, California, who is bullied upon his arrival by a henchman working for the town boss but then aided by a white man, Patrick Hogan (Tom Skerritt), looking for work in the town. When Hogan is declared persona non grata for standing up to the henchman, he has no choice but to accept Wong’s offer to stay with him in a little shack outside of town. It’s not clear what Wong’s aims are, but he has brought an array of pots and pans with him, so he might be looking for work as a cook. In fact, in one scene he makes Chinese food for Hogan, prompting the aspiring miner to declare it the best thing he’s ever eaten. Wong has an ancient book of wisdom, entirely in Chinese and held by his family for a thousand years, that he was willing to die for, a stance which led to his confrontation in the opening scene when the henchman was ready to shoot Wong for defending the book. Hogan can’t believe such a book is worth dying for, but Wong eventually shares some numerological tidbits from it that lead to a plan by Hogan to see if the book can predict gambling results at the local saloon. (The book is never identified by name, although I’m guessing it’s the Book of I Ching.) Hogan’s good fortune at the roulette table incurs the wrath of Dawson, the town boss and saloon owner, leading to an unhappy finale.
The complete review can be found here.
“The Dragon of Gold Hill” (1970), from the series’ last season, focuses on a beleaguered community of Japanese settlers during a period of drought in 1869 California. Although the main Japanese character is played by a Korean actor, Soon-Tek Oh, his partner is played by a Japanese-American actress, Momo Yashima.
“The Dragon of Gold Hill” is one of the few episodes of “Death Valley Days” to deal with the Asian experience in the Old West. (See also “The Book,” starring George Takei, an episode I’ve also reviewed here.) Here we see a Japanese community of farmers in Gold Hill in El Dorado County, California in 1869, led by Sakurai (Soon-Tek Oh) and his female companion, Okei (Momo Yashima), who had begun a farm to grow tea trees and mulberry trees (to feed silkworms) under the tutelage of a German who had worked in Japan, Henry Schnell. When the farm failed because of drought, Schnell returned to Japan to try and raise funds to bring all the Japanese back home but has not been heard from in a long time when the story starts. Okei wants to make friends among the Americans and is delighted when they meet a young white farming couple in the area, Jim and Amy Allen (Mark Jenkins, Frontis Chandler), who are kind to them. Amy makes an effort to visit Okei and a friendship is forged. However, the drought and subsequent crop failure affect every farm in the area and a local troublemaker, Dan Turner (William Smith), begins stirring up hatred of the Japanese and blaming them for every bad thing that has happened, citing God’s wrath at the whites for letting the Japanese settle there. Sheriff Holmes (Don Megowan) tries to squelch Turner’s efforts, but when a fever epidemic starts taking lives among the whites, Turner incites the passions of the disgruntled townsfolk and launches a raid on the Japanese colony.
Action star William Smith plays the bigoted townsman who incites the other farmers to raid the Japanese colony.
Sakurai (Soon-Tek Oh) gets a chance to employ Japanese martial arts against his attackers:
The complete review can be found here.
“The Magic Locket” (1965) is set in San Francisco and features June Lockhart as a celebrated librarian who takes a poor girl (Kathy Garver) under her wing.
One of the is then.
The complete review can be found here.
“Lotta Crabtree” (1954) charts the rise to fame of actress-singer-dancer Lotta Crabtree, who worked the western towns as a child until her growing celebrity led to bookings across the country. In an early scene, she’s taught a dance routine by Lola Montez herself, the legendary European star who toured the U.S. in the early 1850s and was the subject of German filmmaker Max Ophuls’ final film, LOLA MONTES (1955). The episode gives us ample clips of Lotta performing first as a child, played by phenomenal tap dancer and future Mouseketeer Sharon Baird, and then as an adult, portrayed by onetime Universal musical star Gloria Jean. I love the fact that there’s so much actual performance in the show. We get some idea of what audiences back then experienced and why this entertainer was so beloved.
Lotta and Lola:
The complete review can be found here.
Finally, a look at the very first episode of the series, “How Death Valley Got Its Name” (1952). This one told the story of a group of wagons which breaks off from a wagon train en route to the California Gold Rush in order to save time and distance by crossing the unforgiving Death Valley, a foolhardy move that ends badly for most of the party. Filmed on location in Death Valley, it focuses on the actual details of survival and the hard choices and life-or-death decisions that have to be made each step of the way as food and water become scarce and their destination doesn’t seem any closer. It’s quite harrowing. The only name actor in the cast is Phyllis Coates, who was playing Lois Lane on TV’s “Adventures of Superman” at the time. She’s the blonde in two of the pictures below.
The Encore Western Channel runs quite a few other classic western series that I want to cover here. Up next is “Tales of Wells Fargo,” which had a knack for casting future movie stars in legendary outlaw roles.LOWELL -- A proposed methadone clinic off Stedman Street in Lowell has been attracting opposition from nearby residents and businesses, mainly across the town line in Chelmsford, whose border runs only a street's width from where the facility would go.
The Habit OpCo clinic, which would move from the outskirts of downtown Lowell to a vacant building on Olde Canal Drive, would be surrounded by offices, a salon, a dance studio and multiple houses of worship. In public meetings and interviews, opponents have cited traffic concerns and worries about what type of clientele the clinic would bring.
"It's the worst element you could bring into the area," said Richard Garofano, owner of two businesses, Hour Construction and RGC Architectural Millwork, which share space down the street on Olde Canal Drive in Lowell. "I'm worried about it scaring customers away. It's a real problem."
The Chelmsford Board of Selectmen has written to the Lowell Zoning Board of Appeals expressing strong opposition to the proposed center.
Although the center, which treats opiate addiction, would be in a light-industrial zone in Lowell, it would be right next to Chelmsford's Westlands neighborhood, which includes single-family homes, condominiums, apartments and senior housing, the board said.
Officials also said they worry about added vehicular and pedestrian traffic, and the fact that the nearest bus stop is next to a senior housing complex at the corner of Steadman and Smith streets, less than half a mile away.
"We believe that this substantial increase in vehicular traffic will create a very hazardous and dangerous situation for our residents," selectmen said in the letter.
The board urged the Zoning Board of Appeals to deny permitting for the project. "We strongly believe that the negative impact on our residents' quality of life far outweighs any benefits to having this detoxification facility" at the location, selectmen said.
George Eliades, the attorney for Habit OpCo, said Tuesday he and the clinic declined to comment. Habit OpCo Program Director Jerry Myers referred questions to a corporate office in Boston, which did not return phone calls.
Habit OpCo presently operates in a nondescript space in the Wannalancit Mill on Hall Street in Lowell but is looking to move when its lease expires in September. The proposed site is the former home of C&I Electrical Distributors but has been vacant since 2010. The new facility would take up 14,400 square feet, or roughly half the building.
Chelmsford Selectman Janet Askenburg initiated the letter after driving by the site one day and seeing how close it would be to homes in the Westlands neighborhood. The traffic component worried her most, she said.
"We all acknowledge such a clinic is a good thing in that it provides a much-needed service but there's a big difference between serving 30 to 50 a day and serving 500 a day."
An application for the project said Habit OpCo serves about 500 people on its busiest days, 90 percent of whom are Lowell residents.
A traffic study conducted on behalf of the clinic recommended minor road changes to Olde Canal Drive, such as adding a stop sign and separate left- and right-turn lanes, and building a sidewalk within the property to link the building to the existing sidewalk on Olde Canal Drive. Those steps would provide safe and efficient access, the report said.
The study estimated the clinic would create 842 vehicle trips per weekday.
A review of the report by city Transportation Engineer Eric Eby said the existing parking lot, with only one driveway, "does not appear to lend itself to a high-turnover type of operation." Eby recommended an analysis be done to show that 64 parking spaces would be enough for the facility.
Among the loudest critics has been David Daly, president and CEO of PrideSTAR EMS and Daly General Contracting, which are based across Stedman Street from Habit OpCo's proposed location. "No to the clinic," a sign hanging from his building states in big letters.
Daly said he's most worried about public safety, such as having patients walk from the nearest Lowell bus stop at Stedman and Westford streets to the facility, a span of road that doesn't have sidewalks. Vehicular traffic would also drastically increase, he said.
Residents have also voiced concerns at recent Chelmsford selectmen's meetings, most of which have said they worry about vehicular and pedestrian traffic. One nearby resident, Eileen Kenney of 140 Steadman St., said she felt the project was being moved ahead before residents in Lowell and Chelmsford could have a say.
"I'm concerned that this is a done deal in a back-office kind of way," she said. "And I'm concerned we're not really going to have a say in it."
Calvary Chapel in Chelmsford had bought a vacant home across Olde Canal Drive from the proposed clinic just before hearing of the plan, said Pastor Ed Conway. The church plans to have the house taken down as soon as this week, with a children's playground to rise in its place.
"People are very concerned because of the playground that we're putting in," Conway said. He also expressed worry about all the houses of worship and other places frequented by families and children, "all within a football field length on one side or another of the proposed clinic."
The Lowell Zoning Board of Appeals held the first hearing on the plan in April but the meeting was ended after only 15 minutes because of a request by the city to have a traffic study done for the site. The next meeting is scheduled for May 30 at 6:30 p.m. at City Hall in the City Council chambers.
Follow Grant Welker at Twitter.com/SunGrantWelker.This article was originally published at Your Chicken Enemy on January 12, 2017.
2017 was the year where superhero comics proved they were not up to the task of handling fascism. Their status quo of heroism, their need to please all possible readers, and their simple one-two solutions were exposed as farcical in the face of a genuinely daunting historical moment. None of this is news though. The superhero genre has always been a power fantasy, one that too often flirts with fascism. Fantasies like those dressed in capes are personal things and best expose our hopes, desires, and dreams, for better or worse.
That is the understanding Twilight of the Bat brings to the genre. This 20-page story, written by Josh Simmons and drawn by Patrick Keck, tells the story of a familiar hero named “The Bat” who is alone in the wasteland of G- City until he finds its only other surviving inhabitant, “Joke Man”. The pair resembles two of the most popular comic book characters of the past century exactly as their names suggest, and their personalities clash along similar lines when left to endure a barren hellscape together.
In spite of the obvious hook—something that might be spun as an Elseworlds tale by DC Comics—Simmons and Keck are largely uninterested in the idea of asking “what if” about Batman and The Joker. Rather, they are much more engaged by what this pair represents, even when read outside of the context of a 75-year-old ongoing series. The Bat is as much an archetypal superhero as a Batman analog, the same for Joke Man in his role as supervillain. If anything, the Batman comparisons more easily connect with the darker, more violent aspects of superhero stories than say those of Superman or Wonder Woman. Batman is defined as a vigilante, a seeker of justice, and a figure of fear. He is the popular superhero most easily associated with the fascist tendencies within the genre. Batman seeks to impose his worldview upon society, and he values order above all else. His methods are based in violence and fear in order to make Gotham City align with what he believes it ought to be — a fundamentally fascist fantasy.
In Twilight of the Bat, the post-apocalyptic wasteland detailed by Keck effectively ends The Bat’s raison d’être. It’s apparent in the first couple of pages that nothing else lives in the streets of G- City now, with every aspect of the city taking on the texture of burnt wood and its citizens nothing but soot-covered bones. How The Bat and Joke Man survived is beside the point; there is nothing else left in this world. So how does The Bat choose to live when there’s no more justice to inflict or criminals to frighten? The sad answer in Twilight of the Bat is that he doesn’t change a thing.
In a scenario where law and order have ceased to hold meaning, The Bat views Joke Man as an opportunity to recreate his mission. Everything Joke Man does is an opening for The Bat to summon his disgust and anger once more. In the context of a Batman comic, this might make sense as the villian would poison the reservoir or take children hostages, but in Twilight of the Bat, Simmons and Keck make it clear that the superhero urge is driven by an instinct to control not to protect.
Joke Man is the sympathetic foil required by this narrative. His face is that of a burn victim and his actions are regularly repulsive, but there’s nothing inherently evil about this human being. When examined carefully, Joke Man becomes the caretaker and empathetic soul of the story. Everything he does is as an action of love. Joke Man repeatedly tells The Bat that he loves him. He makes a fool of himself, painting lipstick with his own blood and smearing himself with feces, in order to make The Bat laugh. He even goes through a dramatic routine at night, baking cupcakes and putting footprints in the snow, to provide The Bat with hope. Like some deranged mother, Joke Man perceives and reacts to the needs of The Bat at every turn.
These actions are taken as affronts by The Bat, though. He handcuffs Joke Man at night, brutalizes and curses him, and even goes so far as to bite off a finger when angered by Joke Man’s dancing. Joke Man’s dance is not a moral misstep by any reasonable standard. The dance is simply an offense to The Bat’s understanding of order. Faced with the horrors of this world, The Bat’s only response is to remain stoic and dour with even the very hint of laughter causing him to grimace. The Bat does not want to dance or enjoy this moment, and he violently seeks to force Joke Man from doing so either.
In the end, Joke Man’s ultimate offense is his otherness. This can be seen as a homophobic “othering” at times, as The Bat is clearly disturbed by direct pronouncements of affection from another man. When Joke Man kisses The Bat on the nose or says “I love you”, Keck always leaves an open panel in which The Bat’s expression does not change. He appears incapable of processing or accepting any form of affection. This lack of response becomes disgust given enough time. When Joke Man carries on a monologue or dances for an extended period of time, Keck slowly warps The Bat’s face towards anger until he lashes out. This feeling of disgust ultimately boils over and The Bat murders Joke Man. He rejects his last opportunity to engage with any person or idea outside of himself.
And in this, Simmons and Keck suggest that the very concepts of life and personality run contrary to The Bat’s mission, offering, as they do, alternatives to the world he desires. His only true happiness come from an adult and child that exist only in his imagination. People are only pure so long as he does not see or speak with them. He can cry out with joy at the thought of them, but breaks the only living thing he encounters.
Twilight of the Bat is a final chapter. The shell of G- City is a place without people, without otherness; it is the world The Bat created through neverending battles with anything abnormal, specifically anything that does not fit The Bat’s definition of normal. Keck’s ruinous terrain and the final panels of a seemingly endless white expanse swallowing The Bat are visual metaphors for the fantasy of control taken to its furthest logical extent. An endless need for control, the shaping of society to reflect an individual’s single desires, ultimately negates the very concept of society. The Bat abhors anything unlike himself and, when given the choice between life with others or an eternity alone, he chooses the latter. That does not stop him from mourning the decision, but the decision was his and, once made, it cannot be taken back.
The personal fantasy of enforcing law and order, shaping society to be the thing we deem it ought to be is linked to The Bat’s vision of the world. He desires control without concern for diversity. His fascism is personal and destructive on an intimate scale. While the husk of G- City may not be his responsibility, his ultimate loneliness is. The twilight of this world is his construct, a dream of singular vision and absolute control. It simply cannot abide any other forms of thought or life.
Power, revenge, and control fantasies are ugly things even when wrapped in a cape. The superhero that seeks to control us cannot save us. A character like The Bat does not offer hope for all, merely a fascist fantasy for the reader who imagines putting the world in their own personal order. Terms like “criminal” and “justice” are tossed around to make the plot sound proper, but they are propaganda encouraging readers to embrace law and order above all else. So Twilight of the Bat transcends an indictment of this form of the superhero genre and strikes at the broader set of fantasies defined by these terms. The proselytization of law and order, rampant homophobia, and urge to suppress anything outside of an internalized “normal” are hallmarks of the modern conservative movement. Just as Batman’s fantasy has been normalized in popular culture, so have the fascist leanings of an entire political party. Their ugliness is exposed in absurdity here, but the truth of the ugliness remains. At the end of Twilight of the Bat, The Bat learns the fatal flaw of this fantasy when left entirely alone, a lesson first offered by Terry Pratchett in the pages of Mort: “There is no justice. Just us.”Today, I bring you the recipe of this sumptuous dish straight from the Bong kitchen. Since it is the time to celebrate the biggest festival of Bengali, Durga Puja… so I thought of sharing one famous and traditional recipe i.e. ‘Kosha Mangsho’. With its velvety gravy, succulent and juicy meat pieces and rich red colour, ‘Kosha Mangsho’ never fails to lure Bengalis. There was a time when heart attacks, cholesterol, red meat were terms found only in text books and having mutton on Sundays was a ritual to any Bengali family. This recipe is so much popular that there is a famous eatery in Kolkata that is named on this recipe. I’m sure those who are from Kolkata must have understood I’m talking of ‘Golbarir Kosha Mangsho’ of Shyambazar Five Point Crossing. Though the colour, taste and spice quotient is different from my version of ‘Kosha Mangsho’ or Mutton Kasha! It has a unique combo of either ‘Luchi-Kosha Mangsho’ or ‘Porota Kosha Mangsho’ which can be compared to our very famous Uttam-Suchitra pair in Bengali cinema.
I always try to use mustard oil as the cooking medium for Bengali dishes. So here also I have cooked with mustard oil, as it should be authentically cooked in mustard oil but it can be substituted with any vegetable oils. This ‘Kosha Mangsho’ should be cooked on slow fire with a little water but you may use pressure cooker for your convenience. The important part of cooking this recipe is ‘Koshano’ i.e. sautéing the mutton with caramelized onion and spices on slow fire. Ideally no water to be added in this recipe and it should be cooked in very slow fire with continuous stirring. Try this on any Sunday lunch or dinner …. Trust me you’ll regret why you haven’t tried it before!
Ingredients:
- 1 kg Mutton – (With bone and preferably with some fat)
- 2 tsps Raw Papaya Skin Paste
- 2 (Medium – finely sliced) Onion
- ½ cup Onion Paste
- 1 Tbsp Ginger Paste
- 1 ½ Tbsps Garlic Paste
- ½ cup Yogurt
- 1 ½ tsps Chilli Powder
- 1 tsp Turmeric Powder
- 1 tsp Coriander Powder
- 2 tsps Sugar
- To taste Salt
- ½ cup Mustard Oil
- 2 – 3 tsps Ghee
For tempering the oil:
- 1 Whole Black Cardamom
- 2 Green Cardamom
- 2 – 3 Clove
- 1” Cinnamon – stick
- 2 Bay Leaf
- 2 – 3 Red Whole Chilli
For Garam Masala Powder:
- 2” Cinnamon – stick
- 2 Green Cardamom
- 2 – 3 Clove
- Nutmeg – A small piece
- 8 – 10 Black Peppercorn
- Mace – A little
Steps:
- In a pan dry roast the ingredients mentioned under for garam masala powder and grind them in fine powder. Keep it aside.
- Wash the meat under running water and drain the excess water. Marinate the mutton with yogurt, raw papaya skin paste and 2 tsp of mustard oil. Cover and keep it in fridge at least for 4 hours, best if kept overnight.
- Once you are ready to cook finely slice 2 onions. Heat oil and fry these with a pinch of salt till dark golden. Keep aside.
- Add 2 tsp of ghee in the same oil. Temper the same ghee mixed oil with the ingredients mentioned under for tempering. Fry till the masalas exudes aroma.
- Once they release the aroma add 2 tsp of sugar. Let it caramelize. It will give Kosha Mangsho or Mutton Kasha a nice red colour and taste.
- Add the onion paste. Cook on medium for 5-6 minutes or till they start to leave oil and the raw smell is gone.
- Add the ginger paste and garlic paste and cook again for 2-3 minutes till oil starts to ooze at the sides.
- Now add the meat, salt and mix thoroughly. Cover and let it cook for 20-30 minutes, keep stirring from time to time. This ‘Kashano’ is very important for this recipe. Do not rush. The best result comes from slow cooking on low fire without adding any water.
- Now add turmeric powder, red chilli powder and coriander powder. Adjust salt. If required add ½ – 1 cup warm water so that the dry masalas do not get burnt. Cover and cook for another 12-15 minutes. Stir in between.
- When the meat becomes soft and tender add the birista (fried onion) and freshly ground garam masala powder.
- You are done! Serve with Basanti Pulao, Paratha or Luchi!Works in start menu but when were in messenger when we try toshare web cam or have a video call can see other persons web cam but we can't see ours and neither can they
Posted by elishaandjas on
If you see a black screen when broadcasting your webcam:
There may not be enough light in the room. If so, illuminate the room appropriately.
Your camera may not be functioning properly. Try your camera with the manufacturer's software.
The correct camera may not be selected by Yahoo! Messenger. To change your camera source:
1. Click the "Messenger" menu in Yahoo! Messenger and select "Start My Webcam."
2. Click the "Messenger" menu in Yahoo! Messenger and select "Preferences."
3. Click the "Webcam" category.
4. Click the "Camera Source" button.
5. Click the pull-down menu and select the desired camera.
6. Click the "OK" button.
If you see a black screen when viewing a friend's webcam:
Check the status message at the bottom of your viewer window. If it says "Stopped," the person broadcasting has stopped broadcasting images. Ask the person to resume broadcasting and try viewing again.
If the person is in fact broadcasting and you still see a black screen in your viewer, ask them to check their camera and take the webcam compatibility | HP Pavilion dv6000z Notebook
Oct 15, 2009 | Microsoft LifeCam VX-3000 Web Camera
Aug 17, 2009 | Logitech QuickCam Pro 4000 Webcam
Apr 19, 2009 | Microsoft LifeCam VX-1000 Webcam
Mar 16, 2009 | Acer Aspire 5500 5570-2609 Laptop
Feb 14, 2009 | Microsoft LifeCam VX-1000 Webcam
Jan 11, 2009 | Acer Aspire 5610-4648 Notebook
Dec 24, 2008 | Microsoft LifeCam VX-3000 Web Camera
Jul 17, 2008 | Logitech Webcam
Jan 06, 2008 | Sony VAIO VGC-LS20E Notebook
See all Acer Aspire 5630 Notebook Questions
213 people viewed this question
Usually answered in minutes!
Step 2: Please assign your manual to a product:
acer aspire5610z the cam wont work on messenger
works on msn and other programs
×-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1 Hi again-- just wanted to add that if you are interested in how this format works, you can look at our article manuscript (submitted to Hypertext'04): (There's one error -- the screenshot of PYXI is incorrectly attributed to Ted; it was in fact taken by the author of the program, Ka Ping-Yee.) - - Benja Benja Fallenstein wrote: | Hi all, | | I've taken Jason Rohrer's Docuplex code, | | ~ | | and made it work with TIML (Text Identity Markup Language), the format | for Xanalogical hypertext we have developed in the Fenfire project, and | added load/save capability. You can download it at | | ~ | | The fun thing about Docuplex is that it shows you not only the text, but | also the internal structure of the file (the global identities), and the | "carpet" of all keystrokes you've entered in the current session. | (There's no way to save the "carpet" though and maybe that view should | be removed.) | | This is a Java program requiring Java 2 and you can run it on unices by | running ./runDocuplex in the unzipped directory or by starting | runDocuplex.bat on Windows (I presume). For usage instructions see the | Docuplex homepage above; the only change is that there are "Open" and | "Save" buttons now. (What is saved is the version you are looking at | currently.) Don't try to open a file that has not been created by | Docuplex (unless you have some other source of correct TIML files, which | I doubt ;-)) because that'll just give you errors. | | This is still very much a toy, error handling is essentially nonexistent | and the UI isn't too great and so on. But it *is* a way to create plain | text (i.e., no formatting) files containing text with global identities, | which you can share or put on the Web. | | (I hope that nobody minds the cross-posting -- I thought this might be | interesting to people interested in Xanalogical hypermedia, and didn't | know a better place to post it as sunless-sea is kind of nonworking.) | | Enjoy, | - Benja -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1.2.4 (GNU/Linux) Comment: Using GnuPG with Thunderbird - iD8DBQFAZd3hUvR5J6wSKPMRAuLlAKCp+RTw+6+SvTLIIuBUFgiViq31WwCeNOHc QKt+3Tx2Gi3kvrj4xu7aGQs= =x/l3 -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----Nicholas Scoppetta, who served in top city government posts spanning six decades and four mayors, has died.
Scoppetta, 83, served as the city’s fire commissioner just months after the Sept. 11 terror attacks under then-Mayor Mike Bloomberg.
He had the formidable task of rebuilding an agency that lost 343 firefighters.
Scoppetta previously was commissioner of the Administration for Children’s Services under Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Earlier, he headed the Department of Investigation under both Mayors John Lindsay and Abe Beame.
A talented prosecutor and lawyer, Scoppetta also served as counsel to the Commission to Investigate Police Corruption, also known as the Knapp Commission, in 1971.
Scoppetta persuaded NYPD Detective Robert Leuci to cooperate in the probe and the case was famously featured in the book and movie “Prince of the City.”
Scoppetta’s career in law enforcement included serving as assistant US attorney in Manhattan and as deputy counsel in the Watergate investigation of President Richard Nixon.
Scoppetta started public service as an investigator for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and later became a prosecutor under Manhattan District Attorney Frank Hogan.
Born on the Lower East Side to Italian immigrants in 1932, Scoppetta and his two older brothers were given up for adoption and ended up living in group homes. They later reunited with their parents.
Scoppetta graduated from Seward Park High School in 1950. He graduated with a civil engineering degree from Bradley University on the GI Bill after serving two years in the Army.
He later graduated from Brooklyn Law School.
Tributes streamed in after his death was announced Thursday.
“We are deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Nicholas Scoppetta. Nick was a dedicated and brilliant civil servant whose commitment to public service spanned five administrations and six decades, “ said Mayor Bill de Blasio.
“A born and bred New Yorker, Nick’s path from his youngest days as a foster child to his distinguished career across City government is an inspiration to all of us. New York City is better today because of Nick Scoppetta, and our heart goes out to his family and friends.”We have to admit, we don’t get out for Hibachi very often. Ok, very often is an understatement . . . we’ve actually only ever been once before in our entire lives, just a few years ago. Sure, it can be kitschy, but with the right group of people and a fun, talented Hibachi chef, a little kitsch can be a whole lotta fun! I mean where else can you see a knife and fire show, get food thrown at you, and have alcohol poured directly in your mouth without getting kicked out? And while you’re not going to get a fancy gourmet meal served in tiny portions on exquisite plates, you sure can get yourself some tasty, traditional Asian favorites that fill your belly for hours to come! So it was for these reasons we were excited to take Hana Tokyo up on their offer to enjoy their Hibachi experience with a couple of friends of ours.
When we arrived, we headed on over to the bar for some drinks and starters.
We kicked things off with a traditional (addicting) starter, Edamame. This was served warm at just the right crispness with a nice amount of salt on the outside. Who doesn’t love to snack on these bad boys?
Next up was the Baby Bok Choy. These stir fried gems were nicely cooked with that slightly bitter, seaweed-y taste you look for with a nice undertone of garlic.
We then moved onto the Rock Shrimp, which was mixed in with a nice creamy chili sauce that had a slight sweet and sour kick. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, making this an overall tasty dish.
As we snacked away, our friend Kevin (AKA Carp) started the night off with some nice cold sake. They have some good, affordable choices, and different styles depending on what you’d like. We tried several different types and enjoyed most of them. Dan wanted a cocktail, but it was a bit tough to order because the usual bartender wasn’t working that night. So, he struggled a bit trying to figure out what to order because there wasn’t a description of what was inside. One of the drinks he decided to try was the Tropical Ice Tea which tasted much like a glass of fruit punch with some liquor mixed in. The drink was so, so, because it was just too sweet and had too many things going on. The rest of the cocktails that night, like the flaming Scorpion Bowl (big enough for two) were on par with this one and didn’t impress us. Put it this way, tasting a few sips of Dan’s cocktails was enough for Kristien to stick with wine.
Soon they came out with the mother of all starters, which was actually more like an entire meal: The Love Boat. Like a good Love Boat should, this had almost every kind of seafood that you can imagine, slightly modified by the owner Alan Wu. There was sushi and sashimi like Toro, white tuna, regular tuna, and salmon, as well as two of their most popular rolls. The first was the Hana Tokyo which included tuna, kani, avocado, and spicy tuna. It was fresh, full of flavor, and had a nice contrast with smooth, silky, and crunchy. We also had a special creation from the sushi chef: salmon, spicy tuna, crab, and seaweed salad. Dan loved the brininess from the seaweed and thought it added a nice burst of flavor, but Kristien thought it was a bit too much. Overall, though, the fish smelled and tasted clean and fresh. We happily put away the entire boat like champs!
As you can imagine, we were already getting pretty full, so we were a bit anxious when we thought about switching over to the hibachi in a few minutes. How much food would it be? Would we be able to handle it?
They started us off with a simple, clear broth mushroom soup that had a warm, toasty onion taste at the base. Helping us to digest a bit, we also had the salad which featured a Thai ginger dressing that was bright and refreshing . . . a good prelude to the heavier items on the way.
Speaking of, our chef spun some eggs, flung them in the air, and split them right in half letting the inside spill onto some rice with veggies that he’d been preparing. While all this was going down, you know that Dan and Carp were doing dueling sake shots. It’s hard to say who drank more, but with sake dripping down their chins onto their shirts, who really cares?! During all the fun and excitement, our chef was cooking up some sirloin, shrimp, and lobster, which we had selected. You can pick your own meat combos at various costs if that combo isn’t
your thing. The beef was beautifully cooked, had some nice char on it, yet still had that moist juiciness to it. Unfortunately, the shrimp was a bit over-cooked making it slightly chewy. Given that, we were understandably unsure about how the lobster would come out (there’s almost nothing as bad as overcooked lobster). We’re very happy to say, though, that the lobster was cooked nicely. Overall, everything had a nice flavor to . . . though you’d expect that when the chef uses a ton of butter to cook everything in (yuuuuummmm).
And, just when we thought we were done, our hosts insisted that we try some dessert. This is always a tough part of the meal because you don’t want to be rude and not honor your host’s hospitality, but you also have this thing called a stomach that can only hold so much food. Well, we could have picked the Tempura Ice Cream, the Fried Cheesecake, or the Japanese Ice Cream, so we decided to go with the Ice Cream because it seemed lightest. They came out with little bowls of Red Bean, Mango, and Green Tea ice creams which each were flavorful and rich. We’d recommend the Red Bean if you want more of an unusual, exotic, richer taste, the Mango if you want more of a bright, clean flavor, and the Green Tea if you want a very light, creamy, and gently spiced flavor. Kristien is a huge Green Tea ice cream fan and really enjoyed this one.
As we were finishing up dessert we tried some of their sweeter dessert sakes like the Asian Pear and the Hana Puka, which is sparkling peach. Before we took our first tastes, Alan Wu came by and taught us to say Kambei as we toast. Needless to say, we said Kambei to each other for the rest of the time that we were there and the rest of the night as we ventured out to Local Fairfield for an epic night of beer drinking with Fuzzy Baby Ducks, Bourbon County Stout, and more.
Final Thoughts
While we were hoping to have better cocktails, we didn’t exactly go there expecting the types of craft cocktails (or killer food) you get at a place like Kawa Ni. The food at Hana Tokyo, if taken for what it is (traditional Asian Hibachi fare), was good. The hibachi chefs here are fun, there are plenty of tables to go around whether you’re having a party, out with friends, or if it’s date night, and you can most definitely eat your money’s worth. So, if you’re looking for that type of experience, we feel like Hana Tokyo is a solid option.
One Response to “For that traditional Hibachi experience, check out Hana Tokyo in Fairfield, CT”Boards
LONE WOLF Union Chapel ticket giveaway!
Hi everyone!
Bella Union are holding a wonderful evening next week at the gorgeous Union Chapel in Islington featuring John Grant, Mountain Man, Alessi's Ark and yours truly Lone Wolf.
I have 5 pairs of tickets to give away over the next couple of days and will be doing so via twitter so if you aren't following me yet, you can do so here if you so wish.
Read what DiS said about my album 'The Devil And I' here:
Take care
xxPaul Mxx (Lone Wolf)
This is going to be running tomorrow (16th)
Follow for all the details x
This is going to be happening this afternoon.
Just giving you a heads up. Take care all x
GO GO GO GO GO!!<<
27th Street burglar caught after pursuit
From Sector 111 Lt. Daniel Minton via Shelby Long and the Church Hill Crime Watch:
There was a burglary that occurred in the 800 block of N 27th street. The investigation started with a vehicle pursuit in the East End on Wednesday. The car had been stolen during the burglary. The suspect had kicked in the back door of the house and spent a fair amount of time in the house. The burglary was discovered after the pursuit. The suspect is being held without bond.
TAGGED: 27th Street, Church Hill Crime Watch, crime
Way to go!
Sometimes the only thing better than the chase…is the catch. Well done Officers!
@#2: When your local P.D. catches a criminal, you should feel “safer”; because you *are*.
Yeah this is really great/fast work, RPD. Lt Dan came to our Union Hill meeting on Wed and we could tell that he’s working really hard, along with all the other officers to help our community be a safe place to live. This is just one example of how they are really “on it” here in the East End.Hypnotherapy, Life coaching Introduction Video
Are you thinking about giving hypnotherapy a try? Maybe you’ve considered it in the past, but want to learn more about it before you try this method for change. That’s completely understandable.
In truth, finding the right hypnotist in Auckland might seem like a difficult thing to accomplish. There are many masters at hypnosis, so choosing the best to meet your needs may seem like a chore.
Pauline Young is a master hypnotist. She has helped many people through hypnosis over the years, and she’d like to help you too. If you have a problem and need her help, please call the number on the site or fill out the form for more information.
The Many Uses of Hypnosis
We’ve already determined that hypnosis has many different uses. We will share some of the most popular ways to use this technique today, so you have a much better idea of how it can help you.
Overcoming Phobias – Do you have an unexplainable fear of flying? Do you have a fear of heights? Are you afraid to drive over bridges? Are you afraid of being stuck in traffic? Do you struggle with heights? Is it difficult – or even impossible – to ride on an elevator?
Everything mentioned above is a phobia. If you have an issue in any of these areas, you need help. Hypnosis is a great way to overcome these phobias, and it really works wonders. So many people have achieved excellent results through the help of a qualified hypnotist.
Stop Smoking – Are you a smoker? If so, odds are you’ve tried to quit at some point in your life. Maybe you felt that it was just too difficult. Maybe you thought the withdrawal symptoms were just too hard to handle. Maybe you felt like a fish out of water without your cigarettes.
Like many others, you feel that quitting smoking is impossible. You might feel that it’s just not the right time. Or maybe you feel that it’s easier to smoke than not. With hypnosis, you have a chance to stop smoking without all of the drama that typically goes along with it. You’ll have less withdrawal, feel less uncomfortable and have an easier time quitting with the help of a qualified hypnotist. It’s possible if you open your mind and give this a try.
Weight Loss – We live in a world filled with temptation. It’s so hard to pass up a delectable treat. But if you ever intend to lose the excess weight, you’ll have to learn how to control your appetite. You’ll have to learn how to say no to junk food and other mouth-watering dishes that have their hooks in you.
With hip gnosis, all things are possible. You can lose weight with the help of a qualified hypnotist. We’ve helped countless people solve their weight problems after just a few sessions.
For help with anxiety, stress, weight loss, smoking cessation and more, please call the number on this website. Or fill out the contact form to receive further information.The female readers, and the growing influence of the vernacular as the language of literate practice of all kinds. The book of hours shaped medieval readers’ fundamental understanding of how a person should engage with a book, with enormous consequences for medieval literary culture. Specifically, this lecture will focus on the complex intersections between the devotional culture of the hours and the poetry of John Lydgate, himself a prolific versifier whose work traces an arc between sacred and secular worlds.
A small exhibit of print and manuscript books of hours from UCLA Library Special Collections will be on display.
Advance registration not required. No fee. Limited seating..
The History of the Book Lecture series is funded entirely through the generosity of individual donors. Contributions are welcomed at any time. Gifts to support the series can be made at cmrs.ucla.edu/giving/.Roma goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny says Gonzalo Higuain’s winning goal for Juventus from their Scudetto showdown earlier this month “still hurts”.
Higuain’s exceptional solo goal gave Massimiliano Allegri’s men a 1-0 home victory over Roma in their meeting on December 17.
The result came as a huge blow to the title hopes of Luciano Spalletti’s men – they are now four points behind Juve in second place at the mid-season break, having played one match more than the champions.
Szczesny, on loan from Arsenal, was reviewing notable moments from 2016 and acknowledged the Higuain goal still causes him pain.
He said to Roma TV: “Next please, I don’t like this one!
“It was similar to the match against Real Madrid, we played good football in a difficult stadium, we dominated the possession but came back with no points.
“This is the problem because we are a good team. But we always have to go to these stadiums and look for a result.
“It still hurts, but I will admit that Higuain scored a great goal. That is why he cost €90million, he is probably one of the best strikers in the world and he can decide important games.”
But Szczesny is optimistic about Roma’s future and thinks they have established themselves as the strongest threat to Juve’s domestic dominance.
The Poland international added: “But we have to look ahead – there is no point in dwelling on what happened.
“It was a good year, we took the most points after Juventus, beating tough teams like Napoli, Inter, AC Milan and Lazio.
“We can look to the future with confidence because I think this team has a great future.
“This year has shown that there is a good base to build on and I think next year will be even better.”
- Soccer News Like
- Be the first of your friends!
Be the First to Comment!GLOBALFOREXINSTITUTE reviews and reputation check
Valforex brings you a guide to the best online investment reviews, tips and guides. This is including but not limited to forex, binary options, general investments, e
Global Forex Institute - Home | Facebook
Have an opinion on Gold? Trade the global markets: Forex, CFDs and Gold. Around-the-clock forex trading — 24 hours a day, five days a week Trade gold, oil
Fx365 Institute – A New Generation of forex trading
Your next step in your learn forex trading process is to have a look at our review of the 'Learn Forex Live ForexTrading.com is a leading global Forex trading
Anton Kreil - Institute of Trading and Portfolio
Global Forex Institute – 6 Palm Boulevard Suite 3B, Royal Palm Hotel, Umhlanga Ridge, 2196 Umhlanga Rocks, KwaZulu-Natal – rated 4.4 based on 557 reviews
Market Traders Institute - Forex Market Trading Education
We have friendly support agents working hard to make you, Support Agent Review Review of support agents. (Global Forex Institute) is a Forex Training institution.
Globalforexinstitute Click Webinar reviews and fraud and
Global Forex Institute offers world class forex training and mentoring within South Africa. Join today and learn how to trade from FIBSTARS.
Global Forex Institute | Forex Education Classes Reviews
Welcome the Forex 365 Institute Student Virtual Classroom website! All prospective (non-registered) students please visit.
Ref Wayne Nkele | Professional Profile
Welcome To Global Forex Institute - Global Forex Institute. Global rank 1 132 199; Daily visitors: Globalforex.co.za is quite a safe domain with no visitor reviews.
Global Forex Institute - YouTube
Kaizen has become the industry leader in Forex education by providing a one-stop-shop atmosphere, and global overviews, sent directly to your email.
Live Training Classes - Global Trading Institute
Learn about working at Global Forex Institute. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Global Forex Institute, leverage your professional network, and get
The Traders Institute | Day Trading Institutes | Weekly Trials
25/09/2014 · Forex and Stock Webinar and Weekly Market Outlook from 4 to 8 December 2017 - Duration: 1:12:55. Global Forex Institute 12,982 views. 40:48.
Education - Global Forex InstituteGlobal Forex Institute
Global rank 137 999; Daily Globalforexinstitute.clickwebinar has the lowest Google pagerank Globalforexinstitute.clickwebinar.com is quite a safe domain with
hellopeter.com - Review Companies Online | Customer
Anton Kreil - Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management Complaint Review: Anton Kreil - Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management scam, rip off, bad customer
6 Complaints & Reviews: Global Trading Academ | TrustLink
Hellopeter is South Africa's top reviews company. Read reviews online from our community and rate, review and interact with SA's top companies.
FOREX TRADING COURSE IN DURBAN - blogspot.com
Using Elliott Wave Theory we arrive We’ll review both counts DailyFX provides forex news and technical analysis on the trends that influence the global
Forexfraud - Forex Scam Watch | Forex Broker Reviews
ForexFraud.com is here to help prevent forex scam and commodity fraud. The site lists agencies to contact if experienced forex, currency exchange or commodity fraud.
SA’s ‘Youngest Self-Made Millionaire’ Is Full Of Shit And
We offer FREE beginners classes all over Africa as part institute our mission to empower people financially. They held my hand through all my trades with their mentoring.
Global Forex Institute - Latest Forex News
Global Forex Institute, Umhlanga, KwaZulu-Natal. 81,961 likes · 14,157 talking about this · 267 were here. Global Forex Institutes vision is to become a
Globalforexinstitute.clickwebinar.com: George van der Riet
Is GlobalForexInstitute a Good Forex Education Classes Provider? Read Real Reviews, By Traders, For Traders™ Add Your Rating to the Largest Forex Review Database by
Home - Global Trading Institute
View SANDILE SHEZI’S profile on LinkedIn, Director and Head Trader at Africa's biggest Forex Trading and Training Company Global Forex Institute.
Global Forex Institute | LinkedIn
Foreign Exchange Investment Fraud. they also institute a policy of minimizing the amount of trading platforms by reading through forex software reviews,
Foreign Exchange Investment Fraud - Crimes of Persuasion
The Trader Institute is one of the best trading institutes where you can learn to forecast future market moves in Futures, Forex, Stocks, Options, etc. before they
Global Forex Institute - Reviews | Facebook
Global Forex Institute - 6 Palm Boulevard Suite 3B, Royal Palm Hotel, Umhlanga Ridge, 2196 Umhlanga Rocks, KwaZulu-Natal - Rated 4.4 based on 558 ReviewsHow To Find Great Examples Of Compare And Contrast Essays
Writing a compare and contrast essay is quite an interesting and easy task. If you think this is not true, then take a moment to think about research papers, term papers, literature analysis, dissertation proposals, and thesis projects. These assignments are much more complicated and tough to attempt relative to a comparison essay. It is the kind of assignment where you need to think of two objects, places, ideas, theories or personalities and then write down their similarities and differences. You can also pick a same subject and discuss its pros and cons with your audience.
The example for the former style will be a comparison between urban and rural life. This is where you need to represent both lifestyles and define them to the reader. After that, you should be able to list down what they have in common and what are the differences between the two. Use concrete examples, strong logic and supporting evidence to help the reader understand your point
The example for latter style would be the benefits and drawbacks of technological advancements. You can also pick any one of the latest technological innovation and discuss its impacts. Introduce your topic in the first paragraph and focus the body of your essay to talk about advantages and disadvantages respectively. Make sure to keep each body paragraph unique in content and idea both
To have a clear understanding of a comparison essay, it is better that you find a complete example and read it thoroughly to use as a guideline for your paper. If you are already on the hunt for good examples for your comparison essay then you landed to the right place.
The first thing you need to have is the set of instructions or requirements by your teacher and your own ideas for the paper.
After you have a clear idea of what you need you can move to the search process.Before you start the search process, you need to create a list of sources that you have for the paper. Below is a list of places where you can find good quality examples for your paper The internet The library Your parents Your friends and peers Your seniors at school or college Guidebooks about comparison essays with examples Professional writing agencies
Start by searching the nearest source from all your available options and keep deleting what is not useful.Tell me what you would do if I were to suddenly break in two.
Would you simply feel relief gladly knowing it wasn’t you?
Or cry knowing you wouldn’t see me anymore?
Let me answer that question for you. If it doesn’t slow you down then you feel no reason to fret. Not even for a moment are you feeling some regret. It’s that selfishness that has seemed to have gotten you so far yet if you haven’t realized, you have always been in the wrong.
Someone tell me…. How does money and force bring power? Accomplishment through something that can change and slip through your fingers at any point? Power through the weakness of someone else? Happiness when you know others are suffering?
When you’re at the top, you tend to forget all of those you stepped on, and all of those you’ve forgotten who are forced to sit beneath you. Put into consideration that it can all change so fast, vice versa that you’ll never know the exact point where you see yourself as fallen. What you think as you believe you’re all powerful can be no where related to what society may think. On your thrown, you can be seen as one of the fallen. The glimmer in your eyes faded by the loss of morality and the destruction of your soul. That reflection in which we are supposed to perceive ourselves as you is distorted like used aluminum foil.
So with your money, and your power over others, your hand in the control of the country….
You. Have. Nothing.
Things which are not permanent will never give you power, only a temporary sense of self which can be ripped away from you at any moment. Money does not give you power. Only the illusion that you may fill the space in which compassion is missing. Power over people does not set you free. It only binds you to responsibility which you are too empty to understand. The fact that you escaped the moment in which so many broke to pieces, proves that you had no “self” to break. This makes you nothing.
Compassion and Selflessness gives you power.
Becoming a person in which you learn to fight for what you have and appreciate it is what sets you free.
You become something the moment you realize that you’re fragile and in no way above anyone else.
This makes you something.Top 10 Pro-Homosexual Sponsors
February 22, 2008 at 9:10 am 16 comments
Courtesy of the militant anti-gay lobby also known as the American Family Association, we have Top Ten Pro-Homosexual Sponsors. The list is the result of a 12 week project in which the anti-gays at AFA monitored television programs identified by GLAAD as “supportive of the homosexual lifestyle.”
Being the good godless gays that we are, let’s support the companies that support us by advertising on television programs featuring GLBT characters and themes. At a break in the gay quest to destroy the sanctity of marriage and bring down Western civilization, contact one or more of the companies below and thank them for recognizing that humans come in more than one flavor.
You can find out more information about which corporations support GLBT people through their corporate practices by checking the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index and Buying for Equality.
1. Procter & Gamble
The Procter & Gamble Company
Chairman Alan G. Lafley
1 Procter & Gamble Plaza
Cincinnati, OH 45202
Phone Number: 1-800-331-3774
PRODUCTS: Bounty, Clairol, Cover Girl, Gilette, Folger’s, Downy and more.
2. Verizon
Verizon Communications
Ivan Seidenberg, Co-CEO – ivan.g.seidenberg@verizon.com
Chairman Charles R. Lee
1095 Ave. of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Tel: (212) 395-2121
3. Target
Target Stores
Chairman and CEO, Robert J. Ulrich
1000 Nicollet Mall
Minneapolis, MN 55403
(612) 304-6073
Online contact form:
4. Ford Motor Company
Chairman William Clay Ford, Jr.
P. O. Box 1899
Dearborn, MI 48121
Phone 313-322-3000
Toll Free: 1-800-392-3673 Toll Free: 800-555-5259
PRODUCTS: Ford cars and trucks, Mazda, Jaguar luxury cars,
Lincoln luxury cars, Mercury cars and minivans, Volvo automobiles.
5. Sears (also owns Kmart)
Sears Holdings Corporation
W. Bruce Johnson, CEO and President
3333 Beverly Road
Hoffman Estates, IL 60179
(847) 286-2500
Sears contact form:
Kmart contact email: help@customerservice.kmart.com
6. Honda
American Honda Motor Co., Inc.
John Mendel, Executive Vice President
Honda Automobile Customer Service
1919 Torrance Boulevard
Mail Stop: 500 – 2N – 7D
Torrance, CA 90501-2746
Phone: (888) 946-6329
7. Daimler Chrysler Corporation
President Dieter Zetsche
1000 Chrysler Drive
Auburn Hills, MI 48326
Phone: 248-576-5741
PRODUCTS: Dodge, Mercedes, Jeep, Ram trucks
Contact: Mr. James Kenyon, Director of Sales & Marketing Communications – jek9@dcx.com
8. General Motors
General Motors Corporation
Richard Wagoner, President& CEO richard.wagoner@gm.com
P.O. Box 33170
Detroit, MI 48232-5170
Phone: 313-556-5000
Products: Chevrolet, Pontiac, Buick, GMC, Saturn, Hummer, Cadillac
Contact form:
9. Victoria’s Secret
P.O. Box 16589
Columbus, Ohio 43216-6589
Phone: 1-800-411-5116
10. Macy’s (Operates as Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s)
Chairman Terry J. Lundgren
7 West 7th Street
Cincinnati, OH 45202
United States – Map
Phone: 513-579-7000
Phone: 1-800-BUY-MACY
Contact form:
Entry filed under: Advocacy, Conservatives, Entertainment, LGBT, Media, Politics, Pop Culture, Republicans, Television. Tags: advertising, American Family Association, gay rights, GLAAD, Pop Culture, Television.
16 Comments Add your own
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed
1.
K | February 22, 2008 at 2:39 pm
I always pay extra attention to which corporation the AFA is bashing, and then do my best to give more money to that worthy business.
So thank you, AFA, for all you do to advance profits of decent businesses!
2.
gary | February 22, 2008 at 4:00 pm
Great. The wing nuts are saving the gay community the effort and cost to research who values our business and treats us equal. I suggest an annual arawds show on LOGO called the AFA list show to honor these companies.
3.
jos76 | February 23, 2008 at 5:05 pm
Thanks for the info. Notice that eharmony is not on the list. They started with FoF.
jos76
4.
42 | February 23, 2008 at 9:55 pm
the “Daimler” part of “Daimler-Chrysler” is gefunken. Kaput. Dieter Zetsche is no doubt enjoying his severance fortune someplace expensive.
where’s Subaru? Massachusetts lesbians keep that company afloat!
5.
Troglodyke | February 24, 2008 at 11:20 am
Wow, Ford? What on earth will those big-truck driving, Alan Jackson-listening, anti-gay rednecks drive now? Chevys? Toyotas? I don’t think so.
6.
Anthony S. Rodriguez | July 14, 2013 at 4:32 pm
Seeing that Ford and GMC have abandoned our American heritage given to us by our Founding Fathers, there is now no sense or pride in owning American trucks that don’t hold traditional American values.
7.
Robert Hirsch | March 29, 2008 at 6:55 am
Sir: As a long time leaser of G.M. vehicles, I was shocked to hear that G.M. was one of the top 10 companies extremely active in the homosectual agenda. Before my next lease I shall have to decide whether I can continue to support such a company!
8.
Martin Sandoval | July 14, 2013 at 4:23 pm
I was tossing the idea of trading in my Chevy, Silverado for a GMC Sierra this summer. I have enjoyed the durability, dependability, and aesthetics of my former Nissan and Toyota cars. It won’t be a problem getting used to their trucks as well.
9.
Felix Sseja | November 6, 2008 at 6:21 am
Dear all,
Am ugandan,male of 32years old,
I picked na interest of being agay and good enough got some few of college freinds and now we are doing so well with whole Idea.
However,I find it so much important to promot the same idea in the sociaty i stay(LUGABA DIVISION) and place of work
I have have started the mission of properganda all over but the we have realized that it must be designed in the way that we could not face reject at all.
Here we need asponsor finance the compain. as in Uganda(E.africa) we need money to fuel the activities such comunications costs,travel(means of traveling) several sinples drinks offers when ever meeting the targeted youths of all kinds.
Please get us conected/linked to sponsor financialy then our team of TWELVE FAMILY GAY MEMBERS can make the gosple so incouraging and you will see the testmonies given by those joining us.
Waiting for your your kind response hence linking us the sponsor we’re looking for.
Best regards
Compain Coordinator
Pastor Felix Sseja
10.
KHATS .S. MBAGA | December 5, 2008 at 2:30 am
Hallo Am ugandan,male of 22years old, Gay and facing discrimination with my Family and Friends and am treated like as if am not a human and that makes me feel so bad Cause am now even out of school just because am gay and my wish would be if i could get someone to help me Finance me just for a while so that i can settle in my own place cause currenttly am leaving with some gay friend of mine but he is having someone and am like, i need to get my own place cause am now working in somewhere but the payment is”nt all enough for and i ahave no peace.
I will so happy when for anyone who cares for support of the our family.
KHATS .S. MBAGA
11.
seguya | June 11, 2009 at 4:44 am
hi am also gay but you have to accept all that is unacceptable.
they will not love you so much but that is who ut is ,
just take it. thanks ur not alone.
12.
michael hussein jackson | February 23, 2009 at 8:14 am
i like the whole idea of gay rights and will always defend it proudly. gays are human being just lany other human beings. if they can allow freedom of worship, then why can’t they allow gay freedom.
I am an African from Kenya and based in Uganda, iam 24 years of age and have been rejected by other members of my family for being a gay. i cant continue with my university education at Kampala international university because my fee has been suspended, reason that iam a gay. iam not ready to stop being a gay and currently requesting for funds from my gay brothers to enable me finish my studies. i was persueing human rights and remain with a balance of US$ 2200 for the whole course.
Please get back to me . My email is mj4prez2017@yahoo.com or call my number +25472314876
Thank you and bravo,
Mike
13.
A. J. Roberts | April 7, 2009 at 2:44 pm
I will avoid these companies whenever possible. Thanks for the post.
14.
victor | June 11, 2009 at 5:05 am
i would like the gay guy to be them selves. belive that ur GAY
dont worry about what people will have to sy about ur life style or sexuality. just be you. this is my email, victortheonly@gmail.com
i can help you belivein your self. and i like gay sex
15.
Greff billo | December 31, 2013 at 7:29 am
Similar to ridding ourselves of rats, mice and other vermin, the same should apply to gays.
16.
Elisha Tumwine | March 2, 2014 at 3:16 am
together we can change the world.let us join our hand and fight for gayz rightPAOK Thessaloniki - Skoda Xanthi (Greece - Super League)
The match PAOK Thessaloniki - Skoda Xanthi started at 20:30 on 17 August 2013.
Match result PAOK Thessaloniki - Skoda Xanth:30 PAOK - Ergotelis
Levadiakos - Panthrakikos
Apollon Smirnis - Aris Saloniki
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive Greece section.- Alimentary quality
- An original closing concept
enabling quick lid opening.
- Maximum working pressure:
9 BAR
- 1 optional draining purge
- Cartridge life:
6-8 months
- Delivered empty, with 1.5", 2", 3" and other fittings
- Easy opening watertight door
- Max. working pressure:
10 BAR
- 2 purges
- 1.5",
2", 3" and other fittings.
"TOP CLEAN"
Fittings : 3/4", 1",
1.25", 1.5"
"ECO CLEAN"About
Services
Teams
(808) 329-1311
Teams
We are a small woman owned business in Kailua Kona, HI
Our Railing Manufacturer in Kailua Kona, HI
Meet our team in Kailua Kona:
-President and Owner: Erika Fluyt
-Vice President: Garolyn Akiona
-Shop Superintendent and RME: John Crabb - (HI Contractors License #C-16485)
-Welders: Jim Graham, Murray Hill, Brad Hill, and David Cortez
Incom Inc.'s Hawaii Contractors License is #C-14925.
Our Licensed and Certified Team has extensive training in all aspects of steel fabrication and welding. Whatever you need, trust that we have the knowledge to make sure your job is finished on time and to your specifications.
Our Operating Hours are M-F 7am to 3:30pm. Please come by and see us. We Look Forward to Serving You Soon!
Experienced
We've been in business since 1973, working on welding jobs of every type and size you can imagine. This has given us the necessary experience to get all new jobs done properly, each and every time. When it comes to reliable steel fabrication and welding, trust your job to our A.W.S.-certified welders.
Attention to detail
At Incom Inc, we take pride in not just getting the work done as quickly, efficiently, and safely as possible - we also provide the highest level of caution and care. Our customized artwork and other steel fabrication efforts prove the high level of performance we bring to each task we manage. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our Kailua Kona office today. We'll offer you a free estimate and advice to the best of our capability.
Certified
Incom Inc stays at the top of the welding and steel fabrication industry by using specialized A.W.S.-certified welders for all tasks. Our welders make extensive use of the latest technologies and methods, constantly working to stay updated while managing newly developed standards and changes in the industry. Our qualified team understands that the more expertise we bring to our work, the better the result will be for our customers.
InCom Inc
73-5600 Kauhola St,
Kailua Kona, HI 96740
(808) 329-1311
incomwelding@hotmail.com
Built by Vivial
|
Share by:Click links below to read articles online, or try the
PDF version to view or print
an exact replica of the paper newsletter.
August 2009
Contents
For viewing the PDF
version of the newsletter
Board Adds Conditions to Disputed Fayette County
Mine Permit
by Ken Ward Jr., Excerpted from June 9,
2009, Charleston Gazette
The state Surface Mine Board on June 9 upheld the
renewal of a CONSOL Energy strip mine permit where company officials had
not fixed reclamation problems and water quality violations.
During a daylong hearing Tuesday, (citizen group
attorney) Derek Teaney had urged board members to overturn the state
Department of Environmental Protections renewal of the permit for
CONSOL subsidiary Powelltons Bridge Fork West Surface Mine (on Gauley
Mountain).
"It really is this simple not a day has gone by since
it applied to renew its permit when Powellton has been in compliance,"
Teaney told board members during the hearing in Charleston.
State inspectors had cited Powellton for landslides that
sent rocks, dirt and debris outside of the mines legal permit area.
Teaney also argued that DEP was wrong to approve the
permit when Powellton continues to have problems complying with its
water pollution permit limits for iron and suspended solids.
A.M. "Fenway" Pollack, a lawyer for DEP, told board
members if his agency did not renew permits for companies with
outstanding water pollution violations, no mining permits would ever be
renewed. "Taken to its logical conclusion, that would mean no one gets
renewal," Pollack said. "Well just shut down mining."A rainbow of oyster mushrooms! Warm blue, golden, and pink oysters all fruiting in unison. These mushrooms double in size EVERY DAY and flush every weeks for 11 weeks--sometimes longer.
If you have ever wanted to grow mushrooms to save money buying them, you might also consider growing them as a small start-up business. Once you learn the basics of mushroom.
The popularity of gourmet mushrooms is continuing to grow. Over a million and a half pounds were grown just last year in the United States. Because of this increasing demand,
Potato growing made easy (Chicken Backyard Plants)The hymns of the Rigveda the later Samhitas, give us pictures of different stages of social progress. The absence of proper landmarks, as well as the difficulty in differentiating the srata stands in the way of separating, these various phases of social evolution.
In spite of this however two distinct phases of economic life can be distinguished e.g.:
ADVERTISEMENTS:
1. During the earlier of these two stages the nomadic instinct predominated. The tribes were more or less in a migratory condition; villages and settlements moved from place to place. In such a state of life cattle-rearing remained the chief occupation of people though agriculture during the period of temporary settlement was not altogether neglected.
Constant wars, either with the aborigines for self-existence, or internecine feuds continued. Victory in battle not only ensured life and existence, but brought in the wealth of the conquered and consequently added to the prosperity of the community.
2. This state of existence was gradually supplanted by a more settled condition of life. Agriculture became the chief feature of social life. Everybody took to agriculture excepting perhaps the warrior or the priest, who accompanied the conquering host. Villages were established in the midst of the fertile conquered country—the conquered being pushed back either to the bills, or allowed to live a life of servility on conditions of submission, service or tribute.
Land was plentiful. The conquering tribes were hardy and vigorous. They were as yet not imbued with any high notions of personal dignity. Labour was not distasteful to them. In such a state of affairs, their progress was rapid. The whole fertile plain of Northern India was appropriated and colonized. Villages were established all over the country.
Each village contained a number of families, each family contained a number of able bodied either had joint interests in the field, or worked under the authority of the head of the family i.e., the Grhapati—the lord of the house.
The Grhapati, whether the eldest male member of the agnatic group or simply the father of the children, was the master of the house, who exercised control over the family superintended their working in the fields, and performed also the sacrificial duties of the home.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
The Vedic House:
Each one of such families possessed its own separate, dwelling. The Vedic house variously designated as Ksiti—Dama, Pastya, or Harmya, was so constructed as to suit the needs of a people whose main occupations were agriculture and cattle rearing. Generally it was a walled-up enclosure containing not only apartments for the family, but room for the sheep and cattle, so valuable to the Vedic householder.
We get a good description of the Vedic house from the Atharva Veda (see A. V.III. 12; A. V. IX. 3) which gives us not only description of the house, but tells us of the contents of the house. In the Grhya-sutras we find direction laid down as to the choice of the ground on which the house was to be constructed.
In the Rigveda, Atharva Veda and the Kausika Sutra we find innumerable prayers offered to “the God of the house” or to the “Queen of the house” for the safety of the house and the prosperity of the family dwelling therein.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
From the description in the Atharva-veda IX. 3 which concerns itself mainly with the consecration of a newly, constructed house, it appears that the house of the Vedic Aryans stood in the midst of a walled up enclosure. It was constructed mainly of bamboo and wood.
Perpendicular posts or vertical pillars (Upamit) were set up on the ground and there were cross-beams (Parimit). Bolts and ropes were used for fastening the poles. The roof was formed with bamboo poles and was thatched with straw or with mats of reeds.
The Atharva Veda (IX. 9) describes the house as grass-covered and straw-clad. The extensive use of wood, bamboo and straw, is further proved by innumerable prayers which we find in the Atharva Veda against the ravages of fire which readily consumed these materials, and thus put the family in a state of destitution and helplessness.
In this connection the material used by Indo-Europeans in constructing their houses is worthy of comparison. According to Schrader the early Indo-European houses were built of wood, basket-work and loam and not of atone. (see Schrader. Pre. Hist. Ant. P. 342).
ADVERTISEMENTS:
The house generally contained several apartments. One reserved for the sacred fire (Agnisala). Some were reserved for the women of the house (Patninam Sadanam) or for other members of the family. In addition to these, there was a big store-room or Sala full of clear corn (Puti Dhanya) and sheds for sheep and cattle.
In the Atharva Veda (III. 12) the owner of the house speaks of his sheep, goats and cattle. The house itself is described as a spacious store full of clean corn. Rooms were furnished with Sikyas for hanging vessels and contained the necessary furniture e.g. wooden chairs, bedstead, the pestle and mortar, the winnowing basket, spoon, ladle, fork, wooden tubs, and earthen pots etc.
In every house, guests were welcomed and attended to. The Atharva Veda (IX. 6) mentions an Avasatha in this connection, but it is difficult to determine whether it was a big apartment set apart for that purpose. This was the Vedic house of simpler construction used by poorer householders. Most probably richer people and princes lived in more comfortable dwellings made of stone or other materials.
They seem to have employed doorkeepers and a large number of attendants (A. V. IX. 6). In the Rigveda we find mention of forts of stone and houses of three materials (R. V. VI. 46. 9)and in another place we find mention of a house with 1000 pillars (R. V. V. 626). But from this we cannot form any opinion as yet. The use of brick came into vogue during the time of the later Samhitas. Brick—both burnt and unburnt were used for constructing fire- altars or pillars (see Yajurveda XIV; Taitt. Sam.; and Satap Br.).
The Vedic householder regarded his house as his strong-hold and was intensely attached to it. The house was supposed to have its own presiding Deity and his favour was constantly sought. The householder’s devotedness to his dear home is amply expressed in a hymn of the Artharva Veda (see A.V VII, 60) in which a parting traveller bids adieu to the houses of his village, in terms which amply express his warm attachment to his own house and the comforts dwelling therein.
Household Furniture and Implements:
As to house-hold implements, utensils and furniture, we get some interesting details from the Atharva Veda (A. V. IX. 3 and A. V. IX. 6). Of implements, there we find mention (apart from those used in sacrificial purposes) of the pestle and mortar made of stone, the winnowing basket, the spoon, the ladle, the fork, the stirring prong, cooking pots and jars (Drona-kalasa), vessels (Patrani) made of metal, wooden tubs, and various other things made of khadira or udumvara wood.
Of other furniture, we have the Asandi which according to the Atharva Veda and the Brahmanas was a rocking chair, made of wood and cordage, the Prostna or lying bench for women, the bedstead, the pillow (Upabarhana, coverlets) (Upastarana Upavasana) cushions and mats made either of grass or of kusa, antilope’s skin and such other articles. In the Kausitaki Up, we find mention of the Paryanka and later on of the Prenkha. (see Kathaka XXXIV. 5, Panch. Br. V.5.7 Dola)
Food:
From the above two hymns, in addition to scattered, references elsewhere, we get some interesting details about the food and drink of those days.
In connection with the food of Vedic Aryans the following may be mentioned:
1. The milk (Payas) of the cow, goat, and buffalo was used. From it various preparations were made. Fresh milk (Payas) and mixed milk (Payasya), are separately mentioned, as also butter (Navanita), creamy butter (Phanta), Ghrta, and curd (Dadhi). Goat’s milk is mentioned in the Taitt. Sam.
2. Various preparations of rice, barley and wheat and other food grains and cereals were used. Thus, barley, rice, or wheat were either parched or boiled in water or soaked in butter. Of fried grains we find mention of Saktu, Parivapa, Laja. Wheat, barley or rice were often crushed powdered or boiled and made into various kinds of bread or cakes along with milk and other ingredients. Of such we have the Pista, Purodasa, Apupa, Pakti.
Rice was often boiled in milk and this kind (Ksiraudana) of food was highly valued Brahmaudana was offered in the sacrifices (A.V. IV, 35. 7, XI. 1. 1). Taitt. Sa. III. 4.8.7). Other varieties of mess were used and we have mention of Dhadyaudana, Mudgudana, Tilaudana, Udaudana, Ghrtaudana, Mamsaudana.
3. Meat:
The Aryans seem to have been fond of meat-eating. The flesh of sacrificed animals e.g. of the cow, the buffalo, the sheep, goat, and occasionally of the horse, was taken by all classes of people. In addition to these, the flesh of hunted animals and of various birds was taken.
The taking of beef or the flesh of the buffalo or the hors gradually came into disfavour. Meat boiled with rice (Mamsaudana) was highly prized. The question of beef-eating has been discussed separately, in connection with the cow. Moreover, various kinds of fruits and vegetables and honey were also largely used.
4. Fish:
We hear very little of fish-eating in the early Samhitas, though in later periods fish-eating was not condemned. Far from that, fish was regularly prescribed food and was offered to guest and the manes.
The Vedic Householder’s Condition:
From a study of the Vedic literature it would thus appear that the average Vedic householders lived a life of self-sufficiency. With the exception of the princely warriors or the sacrificing priests— high in the favour of the former, the mass of Vedic householders, depended mainly on their own exertions. Every man had his farm and cottage. He worked his own fields; the agricultural products supplied the requirements of the family, and his chief wealth consisted of his cattle.
Life was Simple:
There was very little of luxury, as well as of scarcity. A man’s wants were few and his own exertion placed him above want. But this state of affairs did not last long. Conquest brought in wealth. Luxury invaded society, gambling, or wants of thrift reduced families to poverty, and much of this wealth passed into other hands. Capitalism came to be introduced. Usury came to be the occupation of the rich.
The merchant made large profits; the normal distribution of wealth was checked. Money came to be accumulated in the hands of the few. The land-less and homeless poor, had to live either by begging or had to take menial service. Craftsmen protected their own interests by formic unions. As to the growing complexity of social condition, we find indications throughout the whole of the later Vedic literature.
In this connection the following points are to be noted:
1. Growth of capitalism—proved by the existence of debts and usury and the growth of banking.
2. Growth of a landed aristocracy,
3. Growth of social inequalities.
Development of a Landed Aristocrat:
In the earlier stage of simple agricultural life every householder owned his plot of land, tilled it, lived a life of simplicity, and practically supplied his own needs. In those days there was hardly anything like a landed aristocracy. The king of the tribe could of course claim his Vali or tribute (see R.V. X. 173), but there is practically no evidence of inter-mediatory landlords.
Gradually, however, a class of landed aristocracy arose and this may be attributed to:
1. The custom of granting villages to faithful servants by the ruling princes, a practice common to all ages and countries. Of this we have no direct evidence, but we may presume that such gifts were common, since princes thought of strengthening their own position by creating a band of faithful adherents.
2. The grant of villages to sacrificing priests or Srotriyas. We have no early Vedic evidence, but later we find one instance of a gift of a village by Janasruti to Raikka, when the latter agreed to teach him the Deity he worshipped (Chan. IV. 2. 4.).
Such gifts were indeed common, and out of such gifts arose the class of rich Brahmin landlords— the Mahasalas or Maha-srotriyas first mentioned in the Chandogya Up., who were so common in the early Buddhist Sutras, where they are described as enjoying the revenue of villages.
3. The acquisition of superior rights by men of merit over equals. As to these people we have no evidence either in the Rigveda or the Atharva Veda. But when we come to the Taittiriya Samhita or the Maitrayani Samhita, we find in connection with special sacrifices, the various rites for raining mastery over villages.
We have directions for the propitiation of Indra or the “All gods” which enabled men desiring villages (Grama-kamas) to become owners of villages—i.e. Gramyas or Gramins. The chief interest of the evidence of these passages lies in the fact that these village-lords attained that position by acquiring preeminence over equals (Sajatas and Samanas).
Domestic Labour and Household Economy:
As the Grhapati looked after agriculture and the farm, many of the household duties were entrusted to the women of the house. The Grha-patni (or the Grhapati’s wife) was an ‘alter ego’ of the husband and assisted him in the management of the affairs of the family.
The evidence of the marriage-ceremonial shows, that assistance in household affairs was considered part of the wife’s duties. She took part along with her husband in ceremonials and sacrifices. The Atharva Veda (XI 1.3) shows how they joined in offering sacrifices and how she had often to take care of the household fire.
In matters of domestic economy, the wife had supreme voice. In the marriage-hymns she has been described as the Samrajni in her father-in-law’s household. Philological evidence shows that in more ancient times it was the mother (Mata) who distributed the food, while the daughter (Duhita) engaged in milking kine. Similar duties were entrusted to the other ladies of the household. Weaving or plating was once entrusted to women.
This is proved by an old simile which represents day and night as two women engaged in weaving and which has been already referred to. Again, the marriage hymn (A. V, XIV. 1.48) which speaks of goddesses wearing garments (see A. V, XIV. 2. 51) refers to the soft touch of the garments woven by the bride. Cooking was left to women, as is proved by many passages of the A.V, and by the evidence of the Taittiriya Samhita (V. I. 7).
That the wife bad to partake of the husband’s burdens and household-duties, seems to be suggested by some of the passages in a marriage-hymn of the Atharva Veda. For instance, we read- “Blest be the gold to thee, blessed the water, blessed the yoke’s opening and blessed the pillar.” (XIX. I – RV, X.85)
Here, the yoke’s opening stands symbolical of agricultural operations, while the blessed pillar refers to the wife’s participation in the work of the threshing floor. Husking, winnowing and many other similar duties were entrusted to women, though towards the close of the Vedic period slave girls and slaves were employed (see A V, XII. 3. 13). The tending of the cattle, while at home, was part of the house wife’s duties as would appear from a passage of the marriage hymn, in which Vrhaspati is asked to make her gentle to the cattle.
All these marriage hymns end with prayers for the long life of the married couple, and we have prayers not only for prosperity, devotion to the husband, but also for children, so that these when grown up might assist their parents. The labour of women thus played a prominent part in domestic economy. Consequently, in the Vasor-dhara hymn, we meet with the prayer that women might become industry.
Social Inequalities:
As to social divisions, we find, in addition to the princes, the existence of a rich upper class from an early period. The Rigveda mentions Mahi kulas figuratively, and the Maghavan (givers of beauty R, V. I, 31, 12: II 6. 4. V. 39.1; Ii 6. 4. V. 39.4; VI. 27. 8) who were distinguished by their liberality.
They were probably the representatives of the richer classes and are repeatedly praised. The wealth of the princes who, stood on a higher level, can be measured from the innumerable stories of gifts of gold, kine, horses and ornaments which they bestowed upon the priests.
The Danastutis in the Rigveda (R. V. VIII) speak of the munificence of these princes. Thus, one sacrifice praises Asanga (VIII. 1), another Medhatithi praises Vibhinda, who gave him 48,000 pieces probably of gold. A third praises Kurunga’s gift of 100 (VIII.4), another praises the munificence of Kasa, the son of Cedi, who gave his priest “a hundred heads of buffalo and ten thousand kine.” There is another which mentions the gifts of a prince, which included 10,000 kine and three hundred horses.
Another hymn records the receipt from Prthusravas, 60,000 pieces, ten thousand kine and 2000 camels, another records the bestowal of “kine bedecked with ornaments of sparkling gold”; another records the gift of 50 slave girls (VIII, 19), while yet another, records the gift of 100 asses, 100 slaves and sheep. Many other hymns speak of large money- gifts in standards not specified therein.
As in the case of the princes, the wealth and liberality of the rich Maghavan is clearly apparent. The munificence of the rich Maghavan may be appreciated from constant praise bestowed on the people who made gifts of horses, cattle, clothes, and gold to their priests (R. V. X. 107). They are praised in glowing terms, and they came to occupy a high social position.
In one place, munificence is described as making a man the chief in his village (X. 107) and highly honoured by the community. We are told that “the liberal die not—neither are they ruined, they suffer neither harm nor trouble—the light of Heaven, the universe about us, all this doth sacrificial guerdon (gift) give him.” The Taittiriya Samhita goes further and says that “wealth the true basis of excellence.”
On the other hand, the evils of unequal distribution were very keenly felt. The misery of the homeless and starving poor is described in some passages of the Rigveda. Some hymns (see X. 117) of that book tell us of the hungry poor, who go to others for food. The whole of the 117th hymn of the tenth Mandala, dedicated to ‘hunger’ and attributed to ‘Bhiksu,’ repeatedly inculcates upon the rich the duty of feeding the poor.
Society expected the rich to contribute to the alleviation of distress and the miserly conduct of the niggardly rich was denounced. “The man who does not offer to the gods, nor give alms to the poor,” we are told, “is a miser who feeds upon sin only.”
The same hymn (X, 117.9) dwells upon the inequality of human fortune and of liberality (capacity to give alms to the poor.) The similes there are really suggestive. We are told that as the two hands of a man are not equal, as two cows born of the same mother differ in their milk-bearing capacity, as the strength even of twin brothers is not equal, even so men are not equal in their fortune or their liberality.
The preceding verses tell us how the unequal distribution of wealth came to play a predominant part in the evolution of society, how the rich came to be adored by men of lesser social position or wealth, and how the poor sank lower in the social scale.
As we proceed onwards, we find a multiplication of hymns directed against poverty. Wealth came to be a criterion of social position; social inequalities grew more and more, and the old simple state of existence passed away.
Date story was published: Tuesday, January 10, 1984
Joe Hall likes to think of his bench as a means of changing a game's tempo. Last night, the Kentucky coach shifted gears and the Wildcats peeled away to a 76-66 victory over Alabama.
For about 30 minutes, the Cats and Alabama were locked in a tense, bumper- to-bumper race that saw neither team able to nose ahead by more than five points.
At that point, with Dicky Beal, Winston Bennett and James Blackmon inserted into the lineup, UK shifted into overdrive or -- more accurately -- hyperspace.
Never miss a local story.
The trio off the bench combined with Kenny Walker and Melvin Turpin to form a devastating 2-2-1 trapping press. Quicker than you could say "turnover," Alabama committed three straight and the Wildcats were on a roll.
Before it ended, UK had scored 14 straight points (breaking a 52-52 tie and assuming a 66-52 lead) and awaited only a checkered flag.
"We didn't show up tonight until the second half," Hall said. "It was good that we did show up."
The Cats weren't all that bad in the first half. Alabama was nearly flawless -- "As close to playing the way I wanted them to as a coach can expect," Tide Coach Wimp Sanderson said -- yet UK trailed only 34-33 at intermission.
The two teams were deadlocked at 52-52 eight minutes into the second half. After a television timeout at the 11:31 mark, UK sprang its trap.
The press reaped two turnovers immediately, and Walker and Turpin converted with dunks.
Now rattled, Alabama went scoreless for more than five minutes. On 10 possessions, the Tide committed seven turnovers.
When the draught ended, with a jam by Tide center Bobby Lee Hurt, so had the game. An Alabama surge at the end, which narrowed a one-time 18point deficit (74-56) to 10 at the finish, was of small consolation.
"For 35 minutes, we played as hard and as intelligently as we can," Sanderson said. "We then had five very poor minutes against the press and that took us out of the ball game."
The game and Eric Richardson's left ankle turned on the same play.
Richardson, Alabama's only experienced guard, turned his ankle the first time UK applied the press.
As he got the ball near mid-court, Richardson was trapped by Beal and Blackmon. As Walker closed in, the 6foot-3 senior jumped to make a pass. His left foot landed on Blackmon's foot.
His tipped pass went to Walker, who raced downcourt for a twisting "stuff-er-rino," as ESPN announcer Joe Dean probably called it.
"I saw I was in the clear," Walker said. "I said, 'What the heck. I'll get the fans excited and get this game on the road.' "
Richardson, meanwhile, was limping off the court, his trip cut short.
"We had worked against a press," Richardson said afternoon, his left foot soaking in a tub of ice water. "We thought they might use it early. When they did use it, it was a good time for them and a bad time for us.
"We felt we had them playing our tempo. We were trying to be patient and make them work on defense."
UK's press made a shambles of those plans.
The 14 straight points were reminiscent of UK blitzes of Brigham Young (23 straight points) and Purdue (15 straight) earlier this season. The result as an 11th straight victory this season. In the process, the Cats tied Auburn for the early Southeastern Conference lead at 3-0.
Alabama, which ironically lost senior guard Mike Davis to a broken hand at Rupp Arena last season, fell to 8-4 overall and 1-2 in the SEC.
"People who know me know I'm not an alibi coach," Sanderson said. "But, we don't have a lot of people who are ready to play and can't afford to have anyone hurt."
Beal, who had eight assists and eight points in a frenetic 17 minutes of play, make no bones about it.
"That was the key," Beal said of Richardson's injury. "They didn't have an experienced ball-handler."Unit 2 Overview
The second unit describes how
human beings relate to the environment of which you are a living part. The natural environment consists
of multiple self-regulating systems. What happens when you add yourself to the mix? How does your daily living have an impact
on the environment? The accompanying PowerPoint presentation looks at how these natural processes interact, the role of human
intervention, and asks you to consider your personal obligation for this shared environment.
Agenda for Unit 2:
- The Human and Environment Connection with PowerPoint Presentation: Where do we fit in?
- Videos of Leading Thinkers
- Lecture: My Environmental Impact (Carbon and Ecological Footprint)
- Exercise 1: Ecological Footprint
- Lecture: Where I live
- Exercise 2: Walkscore.com
- Talking Heads Video: Gord MillerTransformers Generations Tailgate (and Groundbuster)
I guess Tailgate is a little bit of a fan favorite
when it comes to the More Than Meets the Eye comic series. That's
probably because he's the "new guy" through which the world of the
Transformers get introduced... and also because he's adorably clueless
for a good chunk of time. Plus, well, I saw him on sale at
HasbroToyShop.com and with coupon magic, got him for super cheap, so.
Advantage taken.
And he comes with Groundbuster. For some reason.
I like easy transformations. You know, relatively. The kind of transformations which don't have you cursing incoherently because that is absolutely not fitting the way it should and are you sure you want to do that with the leg... and this is almost easy. Ages 5+. I'm ages 5+.
But Groundbuster's a tiny bulldozer, look at that.
And then there's Tailgate. Admittedly he looks just a tiny bit badass despite having some limited movement in his arms. It's not really all that bad, though, and any Transformer perfectly capable of standing on their own is sort of automatically a high score for me. (I love Beast Wars toys... but. But.) You will probably also notice that he has some obvious plastic "issues" on the gray areas of his legs, but I just haven't gotten around to sanding those off. Not that big a deal and easy to take care of.
Groundbuster is a bulldozer.
As a side note, what's with all the blue Transformers lately? It's getting a little weird. I have too much blue on my shelf. Welp, gonna have to solve that problem by looking out for other colors, right?5 Reasons Why You Must Hire Security Agency Services For Your Business!
Most entrepreneurs and business owners don’t think of security services unless they are facing an imminent threat. Sadly, with growing crime rates, this isn’t the right approach. Ideally, you should have a team of security guards at your workplace at all times, regardless of the size, location, and nature of your business. In this post, we give 5 real reasons to spend on security agency services in 2017.
Because you want a safe environment
Trespassers, criminals, and thieves have endless ways of making their way into your property, and just a secure locking system is not enough. Security agencies understand the needs of their clients and offer services that are extremely flexible and relevant. As a business owner, it is your responsibility of to offer a safe and secure environment to your peers, staff, colleagues, and customers, and by having a professional company for the job, you are just making things better.
Because you can prevent theft
Having trained security guards within the business premises is a smart way of thwarting thefts and trespassing. You don’t need to wait for something to happen to seek help on security. Apart from that, the step establishes your business as a responsible one. No matter who works within the premises or whether your office is closed for days at a stretch, security is never compromised.
Because you create a closed system
Thieves and burglars are smart enough to know if a business or home has additional security. In most cases, they target homes that are vulnerable. By hiring a security agency, you are making it clear that getting inside won’t be easy. Not to forget, this should also give you enough peace when you are away. Security services offer their guards for all days of the week. These are professional security experts, who are experienced with manning jobs, and they will take care of your business 24/7.
Because it doesn’t cost a bomb
Contrary to what people believe, security services don’t have to be expensive at all. Let’s say you have a small office, and you don’t need a lot of security staff within the premises. You can talk to a reliable firm that can offer a solution that meets your budget. Security services charge you for what is offered, and therefore, there is no need to pay a fixed and high price at all times.
Because you can respond to emergencies better
In case of an attempted theft or any other major emergency, your team is ready to handle the situation. Management of such scenarios is one of the many things that security guards do. They are trained and have the necessary protocols that are followed for different situations. As required, they will call the police and may also seek additional assistance from the parent firm before official help arrives.
Before you hire a security agency, do check the services they provide and don’t shy away from asking questions. You can also check their estimates and other details, which will help in comparing options. Check online now to know more.Dear Mom,
I have been thinking
contemplating,stressing
over the thoughts and voices
that crowd my brain.
Throughout my life
I have tripped over
my shoelaces
and doubled knotted
my old ratty shoes
so I can continue
to stride
on this journey
we call life.
Watching from the sidelines
you see a mirror image
of yourself
in my eyes.
I smile
seeing you there
cheering me on
with your poms poms
in hand.
At times
When I have stumbled over
the large cracks
in the road
you have
picked me up
and helped me
every step
of the way.
Just know one thing
I try
everyday
to make you proud.
I hope
I’ve exceeded
your expectations
of me.
To my mom..my biggest cheerleader… my confidant… my hero… my best friend.
Love you.
Sarah
Advertisements
Thanks Sar its a beautiful poem and weither you know it or not you have done the exact same thing for me , I can only hope that I can live up to the image you think I am…. Love youiLabs: Latest Addition: QR Codes!!!!
QR codes are coming!!!!! Do you have a QR app on your cell phone? If so, the code on the room sign below will take you right to our blog! If you don’t, there are free QR reader apps available for download onto Smart Phones.
Also, very soon we’re going to test out this technology a little further in the Micro iLab. We’re going to add QR codes to any of the informational signs in the room. That way if you want to learn more about something in our room, and you have the QR reader app, you’ll be able to go right to a page of information, a sort of “QR-code-guided tour.” It will take a little time to get this up and running, and initially, some signs will have the codes and others won’t, but bear with us.
In the meantime, at least you can find our blog and read it, right there in the museum! Come grow with us. 🙂
Here’s the sign about our iLab blog entries on the museum’s education blog, including the QR code to take you directly there!
I’d like to thank you for the efforts you have put in writing this site. I am hoping to view the same high-grade content from you later on as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own website now 😉
I am glad you will be working on your own website and we wish you the very best. Thanks for taking the time to comment on ours!
Hey there I am so excited I found your site, I really found you by
accident, while I was searching on Askjee.
Thank you so much for your enthusiasm and kind comments. We really appreciate that you are here now!Need some recommended reading? Come on in and fill out a “Personal Book Pile” wish list. Just write down your favorite books and authors, and we will have a pile of recommended books waiting for you at the Circulation Desk.
Yes, we even color in the little ribbon on the books for you! 🙂
Advertisements
What a fantastic idea! I am sending this to every librarian I know right now!Name of product/article
MOSAICTEC RJF
Type
Invisible aluminium profile for mosaic
MOSAICTEC RJF - Functional profile for joining and finishing external corners with an extremely reduced section. An ideal solution where a trim is necessary but a minimalist look is required. The profile shape lends itself to ‘countersunk’ design of the edge of the tessera, therefore protecting the fragile edges of the mosaic. A simple design for maximum results. Patented system “Mosaic series”Hey again
Now I am running triple again. How this is possible I do not know. I was playing some Undercover and I usually run that game overclocked with Bclk at 170. But the darn game froze on me because of my graphics card - normally not a problem but tonight it was. I then had to reboot the computer and I tried to put in the 3rd stick marked with a X that had failed earlier and now it is running in triple with a slight overclock in memory. Those settings was all ready made in BIOS upon installing the 3rd stick and it was set to 9 9 9 24 default on all timings in all 3 slots. Default is 1333 and they now run 1360 with a slightly higher voltage of 1.54 in BIOS but reads 1.52.
Now I have no idea if any changes made by me made it possible for the 3rd stick to work but I do know that it is not meant to be like this.
PoulAll Results for Broomf
39 matches in 17 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(12) see all
Census and Voter Lists(5) see all
Yearbooks(1) see all
Family History and Biography(5) see all
Local and General History(3) see all
Directories(6) see all
Miscellaneous(7) see all
Book Results
Searching...
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surnameIt is really true, no matter what you’ve heard or felt about competition in the past. Think of the world as a big jigsaw puzzle and every person is one piece of the puzzle. In a puzzle, no two pieces are alike but all are essential to the whole.
More than one person may do what you do, but there is nobody who does it exactly the way you do. There are people here who may need what you have to offer so they can grow to be the piece of the puzzle they are meant to be.
There is enough for everyone contrary to current appearances or news reports. All of us go through challenges from time to time. Life has ups and downs for everyone. The good news though is that the down times do not last forever! The irony is that we learn and grow so much during challenging times if we choose that road rather than a path of digging more deeply into woundedness. As humans, we must sometimes take the time we need to heal, grieve and move through the whole process before we are able to seek the gift. If you find yourself stuck, please ask for help!
I learned through a white light experience I had during hurricane Charley that everything is a gift. It sure may not feel like it at the time, but the benefit is usually made known to us if we are willing to see it. Sometimes the gift is just to make us stronger, more compassionate, or transform a pattern in our life that no longer serves us. Only you will know the gift in any situation for you. Others may guess or try to help you figure it out, but in the end it is your heart that knows for sure.
Keep in mind that your mission may not be something tangible. Then again, it may be something big and wonderfully tangible. Or you may have a bit of each. We just need to remember that our purpose is as unique as we are and so are the gifts we bring.
Trust that everything will work out perfectly because that is exactly when it does! And remember, nobody can do your mission but you! So embrace who you are, what you love and share it with those who are waiting for you! You have no competition!Composite cement successful so far in bridge joint repairPublished on November 25th, 2009 | By: pwray@ceramics.org
Installation of ECC bridge link slab: (a) location of ECC slab, (b) placement of reinforcing steel within link slab segment, (c) pouring of ECC material and (d) ﬁnishing of exterior surface. Credit: Li, J. of Material Structures
I’ve posted before about Victor Li’s work at the University of Michigan using engineered cementitious composites.
A new paper by Li recently became available regarding a demonstration project in which ECC is being tested on a bridge deck within Michigan to replace a conventional joint within the deck.
ECC is in the family of materials known as high performance fiber reinforced cementitious composites. According to Li, ECC has the ability to strain harden under uniaxial tension while forming large numbers of microcracks up to an ultimate strain capacity typically over 4 percent, a level that he says is 400 times that of normal concrete. Under high levels of tensile strain, ECC does not form cracks with large crack width openings (e.g., between 50 µm and 70 µm). Designers can tailor the material on three phases within the composite: the fiber, matrix and fiber/matrix interface.
This particular application for ECC is aimed at coming up with solutions for a growing problem facing highway engineers. In the U.S. bridge deterioration is a big concern, and one problematic area is the
mechanical expansion joints in bridges. These joints are placed between sections of bridge decking, and are necessary because of the changing dimensions of these sections of deck that occur because of thermal expansion or other forms of thermal deformation.
Unfortunately, these joints deteriorate fairly quickly, begin to leak and then bigger problems begin. For example, in colder climates, water containing de-icing salts corrode the ends of the steel girders or penetrate into the rebar in precast concrete deck slabs. At best, costly repairs have to be made. At worst, a catastrophic failure of the bridge can result.
In response, engineers have essentially figured out a way to eliminate these expansion links in new bridges. But, the dilemma is what to do about existing structures.
Li’s idea is to retrofit bridges with ECC ‘‘link slabs’’ by removing the expansion joint and replacing a portion of the two adjacent decks with a section of ECC material overtop the joint. From the exterior, it would appear as a continuous deck surface.
ECC link slab schematic: Credit: Li, J. of Materials and Structures
In a demonstration project sponsored by the Michigan Department of Transportation, completed in 2005, a 225 mm thick, 5.5 m x 20.25 ECC link was added to a demonstration bridge. Thirty cubic meters of the ECC as delivered by standard ready-mix concrete trucks from a batching plant in a mix supervised by Li’s team.
Full scale load tests showed that the ECC link slab did not alter the supported nature of the bridge spans, and that ample strain capacity of the ECC is reserved for temperature-induced straining as designed.
The good news is that, so far, the performance of this link slab remains has stayed constant. More long-term performance monitoring and other demonstrations will be needed, but Li is optimistic that an ECC link slab will provide an excellent expansion joint replacement option for highway engineers.
Back to Previous Pageup, inverting them or hiding parts of the identification. Hort's do the job for TEMAConsult is a major example of ways to brand a emblem using this craze.
Superman gets publicity for his superior deeds. Information stories and headlines are classified as the PR that communicates to the public The nice deeds he is connected with, and can help distribute this understanding. This helps increase his phrase-of-mouth reputation.
Thank you SO much for publishing this. It’s Inventive inspiration to find the Thoughts flowing. I noticed this per week back and went mad Once i couldn’t come across it. Respect it greatly.
In my view, Branding and Marketing and advertising, and Gross sales, are more intimately linked than we predict… And they must be taken care of as 1 purpose.
It truly is just as critical for you personally, the professional, to learn and realize the client’s competitor, as it is to the shopper to be aware of. The same as whenever you look for out The shopper, do the same for the competitor.
With eBay's new brand, many are expressing that designers are having the fun outside of tech businesses. The brand new eBay brand is, admittedly, a somewhat bland symbol design when compared with its aged, pretty recognizable quirky marque. But which was probably the point.
Individuals build brand loyalty when expectations are achieved. They'll often go up other brands for that one they want. A brands title need to be brief, unforgettable, descriptive of products capabilities/benefits, and will also give brand that means if created up or borrowed.
If you find yourself quoting your client, barter a timeline if required. If you already know, for success, you need a lengthier time period to be able to get the job performed, then explain to them that. Probably, Except They are really under a really sensitive deadline, they will be happier to have a better consequence and a more in depth logo, then sending it back numerous occasions simply because you lacked enough time being thorough ample in the main methods.
Optus is usually a mobile products and services company in Australia, so you may not be familiar with their identify or brand. Subsequently, choose this as a great opportunity to investigate a whole new brand without bias.
All the put together impressions and ordeals of your brand are affiliated with a specific enterprise, fantastic or service.
A lot of people often confuse the phrase brand. Your brand is far much more than a reputation or emblem. Brand contains the working experience that a business makes with it’s workers, suppliers, communities, general public relations, and prospects. Your brand is the sensation/impression that a purchaser receives when launched.
Someplace together the road, the word “branding” obtained blended up with “logo”. Whilst it’s an established indisputable fact that brands are way over logos, plainly creating visual identities with loaded psychological character and reliable relationship still eludes lots of marketers. For most marketers, the self-discipline of creating visual identity continues to be lowered to mere decoration.
App design has become so Mainostoimisto Speciaali common, it's not shocking which the extremely crafted, slick icons that dominate the application retail outlet and populate your digital gadgets have moved into branding and, precisely, emblem design.An interesting list of what it takes to add a new feature from Eric Lippert, one of the C# team:. Other than perhaps the last entry in the list all of them apply to new features in Python. This is without covering the burden that adding new syntax or features adds to those learning the language or reading code. All the best, Michael -- -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>Unique spaces and rooms for company meetings
Meeatings23 has spaces and rooms suitable for meetings with cusotmers or company meetings. If you your company is looking for nice and well prepared places to have meetings in Barcelona, Meeatings23 offers you different options to rent pero days/weeks/hours.With all the office amenities and our catering services.
Software Developer's Kit - ChemDraw
Public Property Parent() As Object
This property will return the parent of the object if the object has a parent. An example of use of the parent property is with Bond.Parent. A bond has a parent, because a bond consists of the actual bond, and an atom at each end of the bond.
Another example of use of the parent property, is with an AltGroup, where a parent structure can be used to submit a single query, instead of submitting multiple queries on structures that share a common substructure. The parent structure can have attachment points to a list of alternative groups that you define. Numbered attachment points allow you to specify precisely how the structure fragments are connected to your parent structure.
'Declares variable bond Dim myBond As ChemDrawControl10Ctl.Bond'Checks that there is a bond loaded in the variable If Selection.Bonds.Count < 1 Then Exit Sub End If
Private Sub Command1_Click() vMessage = MsgBox("The parent ID of this bond is: " & myBond.Parent.ID, _ vbInformation + vbOKOnly, "Info") End Sub
Object Object
All trademarks are the property of their respective holders. © 2008 CambridgeSoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions (updated 12-03-2007).Sydenham School - Deputy Headteacher Bookmark this job
DEPUTY HEADTEACHER x2 Leadership Scale points L23 – L27 April 2018 start (preferable), alternatively a September 2018 start. (Agreed salary will depend upon the level of experience of the...
Job details:
Closing date: 22 January 2018 12:00 PM Schools Hours: 28.33 Vacancy number: RMBC/18/00015 Location: SydenhamHolabird Advocate
Providing all the news we see fit to print since 2002!
Tuesday, March 20, 2012
The big news from Holabird these days has been that Brittany Hinkle was named a South Dakota Music Ambassador. As such, she will be part of a band from South Dakota and Minnesota that will perform in a tour of 7 European countries in 16 days over the Summer of 2013. This is no small honor, unless of course part of her responsibility to to sell $5000 worth of candy bars in order to get on the plane. Even if that is the case, go to it Brit!
This news comes on the heals of Brit's little sister Shelby Hinkle, qualifying for the State Geography Bee, which will be held in Brookings on March 30. Hopefully SDPB will put that online. What's next? Could Justin Hinkle win a gold medal at the Math Olympics? If there is such a thing, he could! For Now congratulations to Brittany, and Shelby. Keep up the good work!
Publisher
11:16 AM
links to this post
|
ArchivesI wanted something trendy and a bit colourful because the glasses I've been sporting lately are so 1990's. Like seriously!
Each arm of the frames has different colours
I also picked up some contacts to trial. Not that contacts are new to me. I just never got any more after I used up my other ones.
4 comments:
They look fantastic, I mean you look fantastic with your new glasses! Very stylish.
Very schmick!
they look fun!Savings with Sea Life 8$ Off promo codes and coupon codes for January 2018. Today's top Sea Life 8$ Off coupon: Up to $8 Off Advance Purchase Tickets for Sea Life Arizona Aquarium.
Updated the best Sea Life 8$ Off promo codes and coupon codes in January 2018. You can find the best Sea Life 8$ Off coupon codes and promo codes in January 2018 for savings money when shoping at online store Sea Life.
Get up to $8 Off when you purchase tickets for Sea Life Arizona Aquarium in advance.
Sale: Get Deal (0 People Used Today)
Sponsored Links
Get up to $8 Off when you purchase tickets for Sea Life Arizona Aquarium in advance.
Sale: Get Deal (19 People Used Today)
Save $8 on General Admission Tickets! (Monday-Friday) and $3 on General Admission Tickets! (Saturday-Sunday) for Raging Waters Los Angeles Waterpark.
Coupon Code: LetsPlayOCBlog16 (55 People Used Today)
More Ragingwaters Coupons »
Sponsored Links
Expires: 08/21/17 Summer Sale! Take $8 off All Official Caps
Coupon Code: MJCA (1 People Used Today)
More Monster Jam Coupons »
$8 Off Your Order
Coupon Code: 12moodygarden (1 People Used Today)
More Moody Gardens Coupons »
Details: $8 Off Meimka Dlipa: From the Depth of My Heart
Sale: Get Deal (54 People Used Today)
More Mostly Music Coupons »
Details: Get $8 Off Yoga Chapel: Lenten Yoga Level 1 & Level 2.
Coupon Code: GRAVITY (55 People Used Today)
Ends: 09/30/17 Get $8 off the regular gate admission Giant Eagle tickets. Applicable when purchased at participating Giant Eagle stores in western Pennsylvania and northeast Ohio beginning Mid-May while supplies last. Tickets are valid for one day admission any operating day through September 17.
Sale: Get Deal (2 People Used Today)
More Idlewild Park Coupons »
$8 off their open-ended summer engagement.
Coupon Code: BABY8 (2 People Used Today)
More Strazcenter.org Coupons »
Expires: Ends 10/30/17 Get $8 Off Busch Gardens Williamsburg Fun Card – First Responders
Sale: Get Deal (1 People Used Today)
Ends: 12/30/17 Get $8 off 3-way combo ticket to attend Ripleys Believe It or Not attractions in Ocean City, MD.
Sale: Get Deal (1 People Used Today)
More Ripley's Believe Coupons »
Get $8 Off Boxed Set CDs of Adventures in Odyssey #60: Head Over Heels
Sale: Get Deal (2 People Used Today)
More Focus On The Family Canada Coupons »This is a listing for a custom gaming computer I built back in the day and have upgraded over time since. The computer has been wiped completely clean and has been used entirely for gaming, yet I have never overclocked it or pushed it past it's limit, so the hardware is all in wonderful condition! This computer is very fast upon startup and could handle most of anything you throw at it, such as vi
PC Specs:Processor: Intel Core i5-2400 @ 3.1GHz Quad CoreRAM: 8GBGPU: EVGA GeForce GTX 560 TiHDD: 250 GB Seagate Barracuda 7200RPMIncludes: Front media bay and DVD+R DL disk reader/writer.Accessories: Power cord and 2x VGA cables with DVI to VGA adapters. I'll include some extra sata 3 cables in case you want to add a new HDD. The PC can support up to two 3.5" internal hard drives.This computer is
I use this computer constantly and it works perfectly for the games that I play. I am selling it because I'm about to go to college and will not be able to use it anymore. It can play most games on medium-high settings. It is able to play games like Skyrim on ultra without dropped frames. Most modern high performance games should be able to be run on low-medium graphics settings.The computer has bInformation for independent travel to Bobo-Dioulasso
Bobo-Dioulasso
72 people visited city
Cheap flights to Bobo-Dioulasso
To find the flights on your dates fill in the form and click the "Find a flight!" button
Planing to visit a Bobo-Dioulasso? Ask your question to experienced travellers and people living in the city.Ask your questionClassification of wounds can be done in many ways.
Classification of wounds Based of wound is initially cleaned, debrided, and observed, typically 4 or 5 days before closure. Many wounds which a re initially contaminated are purposely left open and a delayed closure is done.
Healing By Secondary Intention
In this type of healing, a full-thickness wound is allowed to close and heal. Secondary healing results in an inflammatory response that is more intense than with primary wound healing.Larger amount of granulation tissue is formed and there is a greater contraction.This kind of healing leads to larger scars.
Healing by Epithelization
Epithelization is a part of wound healing occurs in all kinds of wound healing as part of the phases of wound healing. It is the process by which epithelial cells migrate and replicate and traverse the wound.
In wounds involving only the epidermis and superficial dermis, epithelization is the predominant method by which healing occurs. respiratory, gastrointestinal, biliary or genitourinary tract or penetrating trauma >4 hours old.
Get more stuff on Musculoskeltal Health
Subscribe to our Newsletter and get latest publications on Musculoskeletal Health your email inbox.
Thank you for subscribing.
Shortly nice…..Discounted Sweatshirt
Discounted Sweatshirt have some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Discounted Sweatshirt here, and also you can find the picture here simply. Discounted Sweatshirt picture published ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection.
Discounted Sweatshirt have a graphic associated with the other.
Discounted Sweatshirt In addition, it will feature a picture of a sort that could be observed in the gallery of Discounted Sweatshirt. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that may become your creativity and informational purpose ofDiscounted SweatshirtDiscounted Sweatshirt picture. We offer image Discounted Sweatshirt found. The assortment of images Discounted Sweatshirt outdoor home, to be able to see straight, you can use the category navigation or it could be using a arbitrary post of Discounted Sweatshirt.
We hope you love and discover one of our best collection of pictures and get encouraged to enhance your residence.
If the link is cracked or the image not found onDiscounted Sweatshirtyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We offer imageDiscounted Sweatshirt<<Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Is Now GA!
Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Is now officially available online! The blog post regarding this on the Technet Forums can be found here.
Quote from the post .”
Microsoft collaborated with Intel to test the performance of SQL Server 2016, they come to the conclusion that is was around 48% faster than previous versions so I would say that is a significant performance improvement!
To find out more about the features click here or to download the product click here.
I dream of a church community so selflessly committed to serving one another in love (Galatians 5:13) that no needs go unmet, no one person carries the whole burden, edification rules the days, and the watching community stands amazed and eager to be loved like that. It seems to me this is so much more than the standard church call to serve that leaves people feeling guilty, busy, and joyless. It’s a call to know how loved you are.
We live in a day where serving is “cool”, caring about developing countries is politically correct, and even celebrities seem committed to philanthropy, and for all of that I’m glad. But, I would submit to you that it isn’t motivated by worship. Worship comes from a heart that knows how unworthy you are, how gracious, loving, and compassionate God has been to you, and stands in the joy of redemption in awe of the cross. If we are to give our lives as spiritual acts of worship (Romans 12:1-2) then our motivation must be nothing less than the Gospel love we’ve received. If you get that, really get that, then to serve one another through love is the spring-loaded reaction. If you don’t then out comes the “biting and devouring one another” of Galatians 5:15.
Service that demands recognition, bristles at remedial tasks, or leaves one joyless is selfish service. Do I ever serve selfishly? Yeah, I fight the flesh that wants praise and prominence. But I desire so much more … and God is so gracious to supply the needed fuel to motivate real worship-filled service. How else can I explain a sorrowful satisfaction over dealing with sinning brothers, or an exhausted joy over a full week of teaching? Selflessness is a word I find hard to apply to myself, I know my sin far greater than anybody, but I also know the joy of worship in serving others through love because I know the love of the Gospel that rescued me from the fires of hell. Jesus pulled me from the rubble of the fallen building I was trapped under … He secured my oxygen mask so I can now live to secure as many others as possible. Join me friends in the fight to LIVE FREE, not indulging in the flesh, but indulging in the mission of loving others with a radical Gospel-love and so fulfilling the whole law (Galatians 5:14).
Love, love, love –
Pastor MarkThe number of births in Slovakia fell to 50,800 in 2002, Statistics Office figures show. This is almost half the number of 50 years ago. The number of children under 15 has dropped to less than a million.
"The biggest problem is that the family today does not have prestige value. A car, cottage, and career are valued more than having five children," said Boris Vaňo, a demographics expert.
Experts expect the drop to increase when Slovakia joins the European Union, as more young people migrate from the country.
Compiled by Conrad Toft from press reports.
The Slovak Spectator cannot vouch for the accuracy of the information presented in its Flash News postings.
23. Apr 2003 at 9:28- Product Code : ls gg
(20% Save)
Ingredients
- Glutamine
Goal
- Build Muscle
- Muscle Recovery
- Improve Workout
Product Info
- Product Description
- User Reviews (0)
Product Description
LACTONOVASPORT GLUCOGOLD:
L Glutamine is the best essential amino acid found within the blood stream. It can be utilized in the post workout recovery method to assist manage muscle injury that may occur from intense coaching L Glutamine is taken to be a conditional best amino acid, which means in normal and healthy environments your body produces enough L glutamine to remain balanced. However, once your body is stressed, coaching at a high level, or undernourished, it will not ready to store your production of L glutamine at the extent it wants. Throughout these times extra L Glutamine can be required to assist maintain normal levels. L Glutamine is an energy source to help build and maintain muscle mass and should help inhibit storage of fat. By maintaining healthy levels of L Glutamine in your body , your cells area unit ready to maintain optimum association, that protects, your muscles and system from injury throughout and when excerise. It consists of L Glutamine 5 Grams. If pregnant, consult your health care practitioner before taking this supplement. This product is developed in a personal with a history of hypersensitivity to any of its ingredients. There are no any adverse conversations or contraindications at any publication date.
Suggested Use:
Take one level scoop in eight ounces of water one to three times daily or as suggested by your health-care or performance professional. LactonovaSport is a division of Lactonova, A number one developer and manufacturer of best nutritionary products maintained by solid scientific proof and has a international vision and approach to produce nutritionary products with highest taste and safety. Our product variety is being established considering the body’s ability to process the ingredients, Is free from illegal substances and artificial sweeteners.
Lactonovasport Glucogold is one of the Best Lean Muscle Gainer Supplements in india. It consists of all the essential vitamins and nutrients. Anyone can easily buy Lactonovasport Glucogold Online in India at best price with Free Shipping, COD and Fastest Delivery. Lactonovasport Glucogold India contains the specified nutrients. People who have an interest can buy Lactonovasport Glucogold from online site
User Reviews (0)
No Reviews Found!
Related Products
- Rs 1699.00 Rs 1999
- Rs 1170.00 Rs 1170
- Rs 679.00 Rs 799
- Rs 1657.00 Rs 1949
- Rs 1699.00 Rs 1999
- Rs 1500.00 Rs 1500.00Turning.
REGIONAL RAIL BICYCLE PARKING ENHANCEMENTS
In order to determine which stations should be prioritized for enhanced bicycle infrastructure, several factors were considered.
Connectivity to the station
Existing land use patterns (auto-oriented v. "Main Street")
Transit-oriented developments - planned and existing
Roadway typology
Current traffic patterns
Pedestrian and bicycle safety
Bike facilities such as bike lanes, sharrows, trails - planned and existing
Sidewalks
Bicycle parking demand
Condition of racks
Covered or not
Visibility and safety
Number of bikes locked at the station
RideScore Rating
Non-Parking Boards
After onsite evaluations were conducted of every Regional Rail station in the SEPTA system, the following stations have been selected to receive new or improved bicycle infrastructure beginning in 2016.
Preliminary Bicycle Shelter Design
JEFFERSON STATION
Jefferson Station is located in downtown Philadelphia. Growing residential and commercial development surrounds the station.
Current Bicycle Infrastructure: Well-utilized bike racks are located on street level
Weekday Passengers: 13,488 *
Non-Parking Boards: 100% **
RideScore Rating: N/A
SUBURBAN STATION
Suburban Station is located in the central core of the Philadelphia Central Business District. High-rise office buildings and limited commercial and residential development surrounds the station.
Current Bicycle Infrastructure: Well-utilized bike racks are located on street level
Weekday Passengers: 24,198 *
Non-Parking Boards: 100% **
RideScore Rating: N/A
UNIVERSITY CITY
The station is located in high density area. It is near the University of Pennsylvania academic and healthcare campuses, as well as, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. South Street has painted bike lanes that lead to the Schuylkill River Trail.
Current Bike Infrastructure: Well-utilized bike racks are located on street level
Weekday Passengers: 2,529 *
Non-Parking Boards: 100% **
RideScore Rating: 9.7 (out of 10)
FOX CHASE
The station is located in the heart of the Fox Chase/Rockledge neighborhood center. Bicycle lanes are located on Rockwell Avenue, leading directly to the station. The station is also near Pennypack Park and its extensive trail system which extends into both Philadelphia and Montgomery County. The proposed extension of the Pennypack Trail on the unused Newtown railbed would make the station a trailhead.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are six uncovered U racks and one uncovered wave rack at this station. The existing racks are well utilized.
Weekday Passengers: 1,365 *
Non-Parking Boards: 76% **
RideScore Rating: 6.9(out of 10)
WARMINSTER
Despite the low RideScore, this station has the highest existing demand for bicycle parking. New transit-oriented development nearby and the fact that this is the end of the line may be contributing to the higher bicycle parking demand.
Current Bike Infrastructure: Four uncovered U racks are located at the station. The existing racks are well utilized.
Weekday Passengers: 1,103 *
Non-Parking Boards: 28% **
RideScore Rating: 3.2(out of 10)
GLENSIDE
The station is located near a traditional first-ring suburb. Apartment buildings; larger commercial area and Arcadia University are nearby. Very high level of non-parking boards.
Current Bike Infrastructure: Seven U racks are partially covered by existing inbound canopy. Four uncovered U racks are located on the outbound side of the station.
Weekday Passengers: 1,243 *
Non-Parking Boards: 75% **
RideScore Rating: 5(out of 10)
TORRESDALE
This station is located near Holy Family University and is surrounded by single family detached homes and some apartments. There nearest bike lanes are on State Road.
Current Bike Infrastructure: Three uncovered U-racks on the inbound side.
Weekday Passengers: 1,096 *
Non-Parking Boards: 67% **
RideScore Rating: 5.4(out of 10)
AMBLER
This station is located in a small town with main street shopping, new transit-oriented development and adaptive reuse office space is located near the station. Roadways are generally bikeable despite the lack of on- or off-street bicycle infrastructure.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are two uncovered wave racks on the inbound side. One old long rack under the outbound canopy.
Weekday Passengers: 918 *
Non-Parking Boards: 47% **
RideScore Rating: 4(out of 10)
DOWNINGTOWN
The area appears to be bikeable despite lack of on and off street dedicated bicycle facilities.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are two uncovered U racks located at the station.
Weekday Passengers: 394 *
Non-Parking Boards: 18% **
RideScore Rating: 3.9(out of 10)
NORRISTOWN
Dense walkable neighborhood, near municipal buildings and directly on the Schuylkill River Trail. Medium-High rating on non-parking boards.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are two U racks under the existing inbound regional rail canopy. There is one covered bicycle parking structure and four uncovered U racks currently located in the plaza.
Weekday Passengers: 2,010 (Regional Rail and Norristown High Speed Line) *
Non-Parking Boards: 87% **
RideScore Rating: 7.6(out of 10)
FERN ROCK
Very dense row house neighborhood. Mainly residential.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are 7 U racks located on Nedro Avenue.
Weekday Passengers: 2,970 (Regional Rail and Broad Street Line) *
Non-Parking Boards: 83% **
RideScore Rating: 7.8(out of 10)
SWARTHMORE
The station is located in a small "downtown" area close to Swarthmore College.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are a total of 20 U racks located at this station.
Weekday Passengers: 766 *
Non-Parking Boards: 67% **
RideScore Rating: 6(out of 10)
LANGHORNE
The station is located in an extremely bikeable area. Residential neighborhoods surround the station. RideScore rating is fair. Mid-range connectivity scores and an established number of non-parking boards make this station a contender for better bicycle infrastructure.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are uncovered wave racks and one uncovered U rack at the inbound side of the station.
Weekday Passengers: 662 *
Non-Parking Boards: 52% **
RideScore Rating: 3.6(out of 10)
BRYN MAWR
Bryn Mawr station is located in a very walkable and bikeable area, directly adjacent to two colleges. The existing bicycle racks are well utilized.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are two uncovered U racks on the inbound station plaza. There is one old long racks that is installed under the existing outbound platform canopy.
Weekday Passengers: 1,131 *
Non-Parking Boards: 79% **
RideScore Rating: 4.7(out of 10)
STRAFFORD
This station has a strong existing bicycle parking usage. It is located near a multi-family development.
Current Bike Infrastructure: There are two uncovered U racks on both the outbound and the inbound side of the station.
Weekday Passengers: 822 *
Non-Parking Boards: 65% **
RideScore Rating: 4.4(out of 10)
Swarthmore Station Will Receive Additional Bicycle Parking in 2016
*All ridership numbers are taken from SEPTA's 2011 or 2013 Regional Rail Census.
**Non-parking boards is an estimation based upon the number of parking spaces provided at the station, the utilization of the parking, and the daily average ridership. The difference between passenger boards and the number of parked cars can be used as an approximation of the number of passengers who access the station via walking, bicycling, bus connection, or getting dropped off by someone else. This methodology and calculation is used by the DVRPC as a part of their RideScore analysis.airstream, dutchman, forest river, gulfstream, itasca, keystone, recreational vehicle owners, richmond rv, riverside, safford rv, safford rv service department, stafford rv, starcraft, trailmanor, virginia rv, virginia rv repair
If you’re in need of an oil change, major repair, or routine tune-up, our service department is available when you need us most. Safford RV takes pride in the Mid Atlantic region for being known as the Premier RV Service Facility for all makes and models of RV’s. Lead by our Service Director, Mike Traber, our service department includes 8 Certified and Master level service professionals who are highly trained and skilled in all levels of RV repair service. Their over 100 years of combined experience with all types of Manufactures ensures the highest level of compet!
540-735-1100 Local
Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm
Saturday: 9am-1pm Drop off onlySaturday, September 15, 2012
7month old progressions
Posted by Courtney at 9:04 PM 3 comments:
Pool time
Mason's first trip to the pool. He loved it. And was just the cutest. We stayed about two hours until he fell asleep.
Posted by Courtney at 9:02 PM No comments:
Party girl weekend
Today was a day of shopping and fun. My mom and sisters came for a visit. They got in last night and will leave first thing in the morning but it was so worth it. We ate shopped and played with Mason. Mason was sure spoiled by his aunts and grandma. We were sad uncle chase and grandpa had to stay at home. Travis came along for the shopping he was a trooper. We had a lil photo shoot with his favorites.
Posted by Courtney at 8:31 PM No comments:
6 month progression photos
I took these when Mason turned 6 month but then lost my camera cord. I also made some collages with all the progression pics in order.
Posted by Courtney at 8:30 PM No comments:
Sunday, September 9, 2012
Crimson girls
Mason met the crimson girls this weekend and was fascinated by their pom poms. Travis just rolled his eyes when I wanted to get his picture with them but they thought he was adorable. He rode around in the stroller smiling at everyone and just being overall adorable. He does this new thing that he nods and bobs his head while people are talking to him and smiling at him. It's beyond adorable we have a little charmer on our hands.
Posted by Courtney at 9:28 PM 1 comment:
Grandpa Orville
He was one of the most hard working humble and kind men I know. He was an amazing grandpa and example. He taught Travis and I so much. I am so lucky we had the chance to spend so much time with him on the ranch since we moved to Pullman. He loved us all and took such great care of his family. We had his funeral on Sunday the 2. It was a beautiful day and a simple thing just the way he would have wanted it. We were lucky to have him as a grandpa and friend.
Posted by Courtney at 9:20 PM No comments:
Fair time 2012
I love the fair and Travis loves the rodeo so we are in luck every year when the palouse empire fair comes to town. This year I was especially excited to show mason the animals and the rodeo. We all watched the rodeo and enjoyed barrell racing and bucking brocos and the silly rodeo clown. This year they didn't have the little kid stunt riders which was disappointing but still a great show. I would have totally been a rodeo queen if I grew up around here. Those sparkly shirts and fancy hats and boots are totally my style. I hope mason does 4-h someday. It was a great night with good friends and fun!
Posted by Courtney at 9:19 PM No comments:
Saturday, September 1, 2012
7 months old
Mason is now 7 months old. He can crawl and pull him self up to stand. Church is now a battle between keeping him quiet and keeping him still. Bandit loves that mason can crawl. Nala is terrified. Mason is babbling all the time. He loves avocados and bananas and watermelon (and cookies thanks to his grandpa Jim jim) he still hates vegetables especially green beans and carrots. And refuses baby meats. He loves his walker and jumper and FaceTime and bath time.
We sure love our Lil monkey
We sure love our Lil monkey
Posted by Courtney at 12:05 PM 1 comment:
CAASA’s focuses on youth substance abuse prevention and we are dedicated to creating a culture where substance use isn’t a consideration by youth, and when faced with an opportunity to use they are armed with knowledge and skills to make the right life choices.
Consequences of drug and alcohol abuse hurt the user, their family, friends, school, employer, and community. CAASA knows the best way to fight the drug war is through prevention. When our youth avoid the pit falls of drugs they can become confident, connected, and successful. If you’ve been reading the news lately you know that the cost of drugs to our young people is great and shouldn’t be ignored. Take a stand, we will help. We've been effectively lowering the youth use rate in Maricopa. It fell from 35% in 2006 to 17 % in 2016.
The drug war is a complicated and overwhelming endeavor. If you want to help but are afraid you cant, or are confused on where to start CAASA is here to help. We are prevention, and prevention is the drug wars best kept secret. You can make a difference by participating in one or more of the following:
520-428-7750
CAASA provides quality youth centered programming.
Review the list of programs below and contact us if you find one you're ready to join.
520-428-7750
This is a group of active community members of all ages dedicated to reducing substance abuse in Maricopa. We meet monthly to work on media campaigns, education projects, and substance free recreation activities. Your time and talent is what we need to help youth become confident, connected, and successful. Please join us every second Thursday of the month at 5:15 pm. If you cant make it, drop us a line to inquire on how you can get involved.
Our Maricopa SADD Chapters (Students Against Destructive Decisions) are made up of youth who are dedicated to improving the lives of their generation by promoting positive life choices. If you're looking to make friends and have experiences worth posting on YouTube instead of watching others' experiences on YouTube, find a chapter near you. Its a great way to connect and make a difference. Oh, and have fun!
At CAASA we know that some youth just need individualized attention. However some times, due to circumstances out of their control they don't get it. That 's where we step in. We have partnered with local schools to provide part time school based mentors on their campuses. Meet with students individually and in after school and intercession groups. The mentor-mentee relationship is helping improve school performance.
CAASA offers drug and alcohol education through curriculum delivered in schools. Contact us to see if your child's school participates in our program,
CAASA's team is trained in Rx, marijuana, and alcohol information and prevention for community members. Contact us for a complimentary presentation for you and your group.
CAASA is an expert in having fun with out drugs and alcohol. We offer activities for youth through out the year. If you want to help plan an activity contact us today.
I was an intern and then an employee of CAASA while in high school at their Youth Rec Center, I leaned.
Sign up to hear from us about specials, sales, and events.
Your support and contributions will enable us continue to develop confident, connected, and successful youth.
Feel free to visit during normal business hours. We are located at Maricopa Elementary School 18150 N. Altera Parkway.
One way we keep funding directed at services is by dividing up office responsibilities. So you'll want to call first to make sure someone is in the office and not out in the field.
PO BOX 81539, Maricopa, Arizona, United States
Monday - Friday: 9am - 5pm
Saturday: By appointment
Sunday: Closed
Be Awesome Youth Coalition Meetings:
The Second Thursday of the Month 5:15-6:30 PMS-38 Sikorsky Splashes Down at Seaplane Base
3:59
Tom Schrade flies his S-38 Sikorsky into the Seaplane Base during AirVenture this year. Later this summer he plans to become the first to successfully cross the Atlantic in a Sikorsky.
Related Videos
In Most Popular
Seafire Mk.15: A Hooked Spitfire
Jim Cooper talks about the restoration of the only flying Seafire Mk.15 and the role it played in World War II. He also demonstrates how the wings fold and how the tail hook worked.
8:33
Maverick Flying Car at Oshkosh.
5:57
Flying in the Fortress
To book a flight in EAA's B-17G Aluminum Overcast, visit
3:12MuddPuddles has some new items out for any little royalty. If you like high quality furniture with awesome animations then you will really enjoy this!
The MuddPuddles Royal Crib is a new item for the shop. This beautiful crib has such lovely details anyone will appreciate. The frame is stunning and the three pretty pillows make it to where any small child will sleep sweetly.
The Royal Crib also comes with a texture change HUD. You just add the HUD, give the crib a little click, and then select the color you want from the HUD to be applied to the bed. There is of course gorgeous soft color options but that’s not all! You have deeper colors to pick from too! Pink all the way to a deep black you cant go wrong with this many options.
The crib is full of animations too! You get sleeps, activities, and even some with parents! I have always enjoyed MuddPuddles animations in their items and I am sure you will also. If you happen to be in the market for a new furniture piece then I highly recommend checking them out!
The last new item from the shop is the MuddPuddles Royal Armoire. I don’t think I have ever seen a more perfect pair than the Royal Crib & Royal Armoire. Just like the crib above you get a texture change HUD too with this item. Just do the same steps to pick out the shade that speaks to you! The word royal fits all too well with this piece when you notice all the amazing details on it.
MuddPuddles did a great job on these two items. The textures are wonderful and you get so many options that it really can match any room. Be sure to check these and other high quality items at the main shop or on marketplace.
Glamour Room Details:
MuddPuddles: Royal Crib *Get it on MP*
MuddPuddles: Royal Armoire *Get it on MP*
MuddPuddles: Victorian Nightstand *Get it on MP*
[ keke ] rug 43 . trellis white
[ zerkalo ] Britain’s Bedroom – Canopy Light
[ zerkalo ] Cozy Piece Lamp Light
+Half-Deer+ Tassel Garland – Muted Tones – Medium
{Meche}
{Meche} Mon Poney – Creme *OLD GACHA ITEM*The Gazette has received an email from Suzanne Kelly Deputy Tax Collector/Town Clerk addressed to Dylan Fisher the Monadnock Ledger Report covering Mason. We debated whether to edit it and whether it would unneccessarily add to an already inflammatory situation.…
Tax Collector
Mason NH Tax Collector…
Code Red and Other Disasters
by Wentworth • • 0 Comments
Today we found an interesting notice on the Town of Mason web page: “The Facebook and Twitter accounts for the Town of Mason have been suspended at the request of the Board of Selectmen. You may still receive email announcements…
Town Tax Collector News
by Wentworth • • 0 Comments
A cheery notice from the town tax collector about all the wonderful services provided has appeared here: Tax collector’s office What is not mentioned is that all of these services have substantial indirect costs, so for example the tax kiosk,…
Dog Taxation
by Wentworth • • 0 Comments
The 2012 annual report shows that the town collected $2092 in dog fees and $425 for civil forfeitures (we presume many of those are related to recalcitrant dog collections). There are town line items related to “state dog fees” of…
Revised Town Clerk & Tax Collector Hours
by staff • • 0 Comments
Town Clerk & Tax Collector: General Information Contact Information Town Clerk / Tax Collector: Debra A. Morrison Deputy Town Clerk / Tax Collector: Suzanne Kelly Phone: 878-3768 Fax: 878-4892 Email: townclerk@masonnh.us Location & Hours Mann House, 16 Darling Hill Road,…
Town Tax Bills Due July 11
by staff • • 0 Comments
Tax bills due on July 11 Taxes are due Thursday, July 11, for the first billing of the 2013 tax year. Don’t forget you can go to to check and see if your taxes have been paid. Tax Collector
Town Clerk News
by staff • • 0 Comments
Heads up for Grandparents Day on Thursday, June 6, to have lunch with your grandchild at school followed by a spring concert. The open-to-everyone spring concert will be held again in the evening the same day at 6 pm. I’ll send
Town Clerk and Tax Collector News
by staff • • 0 Comments
Elections The Presidential Primary date is January 10, 2012. Contact us if you need an absentee ballot. Just a reminder that if you are registered as either a Republican or Democrat, you must take that party’s ballot for the Primary…
June Town Clerk and Tax Collector News
by staff • • 0 Comments
July Tax Bills The first billing for the 2011 tax year will be due July 7. Please be advised that there will no longer be a waiver of the interest if the bill is not paid by the due date.…
Town Clerk / Tax Collector Office
by staff • • 0 Comments
Storm Closings In the event of storms this winter, please call the office at 878-3768 to verify we are open before coming to transact any business. March 2011 Elections Town and School elections will be held Tuesday, March 8, at…Recycling your Free iTunes Bottle Caps
If you missed seeing this Pepsi/Apple ad yesterday during the Superbowl, the new joint promotion between Pepsi and the Apple iTunes music store is that 1 in 3 Pepsi bottle caps has a code that you can use in the iTunes music store to download one free song.
About the Ad
About the Ad
Its decent ad, features a collection of "young" people who the RIAA has filed lawsuits against for downloading music. In the ad a girl claims "we're still going to download music free off the internet". The music for the ad has lyrics saying "I fought the law and the law won". And text that reads: "STARTING TODAY, PEPSI & iTunes WILL GIVE AWAY 100 MILLION FREE SONGS... LEGALLY".
About the Promotion
About the Promotion
There's only one type of person that will be redeeming these bottle caps: Pepsi drinker + iTunes user. For Pepsi drinkers alone, they will just throw the bottle caps away. And for iTunes users alone, you will have to change your drinking preferences, at least until the promotion ends. And for everyone else (and I fall into this category), we would have to change both how we download/organize/play our music and what we drink. Even though the odds of getting a winning bottle cap are pretty good, I probably wont do this.
About Recycling your iTunes Bottle Caps
About Recycling your iTunes Bottle Caps
iTunes pays musicians for every song downloaded, so Apple/Pepsi can't really just give away songs without making sure the Labels/Artists are paid for the download. Rumors are that Pepsi is fronting the bill, probably due to that Pepsi plans for 80-90% of the bottle caps to go unredeemed.
Enter TuneRecycler.com. If you happen to fall into the category of you drink Pepsi, but don't use iTunes, you can donate your codes to the site, and they will use the codes to support "independent music". I like the idea of some project out there trying to support independent artist on-line. So props to this site.A documentation error and suggestion for pildriver: The online pildriver documentation omits the float parameter in the sharpness method description, and I would guess there are similar issues in lighten and others. A feature request: Currently you can resize to specific dimensions in pildriver. I frequently want a half size picture, whatever the original size. It would be good to be able to scale an image by a factor. That could be done directly with a variation on resize or an operator on a size pair scaleby <float:factor> <int:x> <int:y> which produces the dimensions scaled by factor and rounded and converted back to int's Thanks! I love PIL. -- Andrew N. Harrington Computer Science Department Undergraduate Program Director Loyola University Chicago 512B Lewis Towers (office) Office Phone: 312-915-7982 Snail mail to Lewis Towers 416 Dept. Fax: 312-915-7998 820 North Michigan Avenue aharrin at luc.edu Chicago, Illinois 60611Unsurprisingly, this last full week of 2015 was dominated by the Christmas festivities. The best part is that our empty nest fills up again these two weeks of the year. And the fact that our office is closed between Christmas and New Year, and since 6th January is a holiday in Spain, by taking a couple of days off right after the New Year I am able to be on vacation during the entire visit of my son (he is going back to the US on the 6th). This also means that I had a lot of time for cycling and have clocked many additional km and many vertical meters.
54_1
The signs of the times. On Sunday the 20th Spain held a general election, and for the first time since democracy was restored in 1978, neither of the two main parties has a majority. Of the new parties in the Spanish parliament, Podemos (“we can”), a left-wing party led by the guy on this poster, is the most important one, having become the third largest political force in Spain:
54_2
During one of my cycling outings, on Christmas Day, I re-visited the life-sized nativity scene in Jijona that I also showed here 2 weeks ago. This time it was cloudy, so from a photographic point of view the conditions were better:
54_3
One the Reyes Magos:
54_4
54_5
Sometimes shops and offices also have nativity scenes. Here is a modest one in a small grocery shop near Elche, where I usually stop for the Coke when I am down that way on the bike:
54_6
This is Election Sunday in the small town of San Fulgencio about 45 km south of Alicante. I suspect that a town fiesta was going to be held anyway, so the political element was just an add-on:
54_7
Kids are entertained:
54_8
54_9
54_10
Readers:
54_11
The weather was very nice that day, so I ended up cycling 100 km. This is on the home stretch, along the road from Santa Pola to Arenales del Sol. The island of Tabarca is visible in the distance:
54_12
And along the same road, someone is using toilet bowls as planters:
54_13
Back home. One of my wife’s bridge acquaintances has given her a box of oranges from her garden. Delicious!:
54_14
One of the things my daughter does when she comes home from Wales is to re-connect with her friends from high school. One of them is Daniel, a somewhat unconventional young man from Altea, north of Benidorm:
54_15
An Alicante vignette. I have walked on Plaza Seneca many times, but only this week did I realise that these concrete triangles are actually entrances to underground bomb shelters built by the republican government during the Spanish Civil War, when Alicante was being pounded from the air by German and Italian bombers:
54_16
Another Alicante vignette, near the Mercado Central:
54_17
December 21st was my last working day of the year. The next morning I got up at 4 a.m. and drove the 440 km to Madrid airport to pick up my son who had flown in from Denver via Philadelphia. What joy! Our first order of business was to drive to the centre of Madrid to visit a very special shoe store that Moses wanted to see. First, we needed to restore our caffeine levels:
54_18
Moses is into nice shoes, and apparently one of the nicest are made by a Mallorca company called Meermin. You can buy them online, but they do have one shop in the posh Salamanca neighbourhood of Madrid, so this is where Moses got his main Christmas present:
54_19
While Moses was trying on the fancy shoes, I looked around in the shop. The monitor is showing how the shoes are made:
54_20
Once the shopping was done, we drove home to Alicante, and Moses was reunited with his beloved Cheeta (like many old humans, she has bladder control issues, so we put diapers on her):
54_21
Taco the cat also got some love from my jet-lagged son:
54_22
On the 24th, we went to Mercado Central to buy a few goodies for our Christmas Eve dinner. A new trend is that the stallholders display pictures of themselves, like this lady butcher:
54_23
Here she is, at work:
54_24
Poultry on the scale:
54_25
Around 6 p.m., I had to go to a local greengrocers to buy some last-minute things, and when I saw the moon was full, I simply had to go down to the beach to take in the view:
54_26
Now it is Christmas Eve, we are working in the kitchen, and Cheeta is waiting on the terrace:
54_27
The main ingredient of the dinner:
54_28
Mother and son working together:
54_29
Moses gets to do the honours:
54_30
54_31
A VERY interested onlooker:
54_32
And Cheeta did get her share at the end:
54_33
Christmas morning–I am walking Cheeta, and the remnants of last night’s festivities are in evidence. In Spain, Christmas Eve is about partying, eating and drinking. The main gift giving happens on January 6th, Three Kings Day:
54_34
We, however, follow the US/UK traditions and exchange gifts today. But first, a proper breakfast:
54_35
As always, Cheeta shows great interest:
54_36
54_37
Monica and Taco wait for the gift exchange to begin:
54_38
54_39
The dog was not spared:
54_40
Moses is 26 and Monica is 21, but on this day they are just our children:
54_41
What would Santa do without Amazon?
54_42
Golf skirt for my wife, to go with the Garmin golf watch and the personalised golf balls:
54_43
And finally, the official Christmas Day family portrait:
I appreciate your sharing of your wonderful family events. I wish mine were worthy of that!
The turkey looks much larger than the one you had about a month ago. You are coping very well with Cheeta’s infirmity.
I wonder about the colours of this set. Allowing for the fact that many are interior shots, many colors seem desaturated. has something changed? or is it just my eyes in the very early morning (1:33 am)? Brian
Comment by Brian — 29 December 2015 @ 13:33 this a question already answered but I didn't find it here or
in comp.text.tex. The problem is a discrepancy between DVI and PDF
when doing the printing job. In detais this is what happens:
1) I create a latex file using the package geometry putting in the
preamble the follwoing:
\usepackage[top=3D2.5cm,bottom=3D2.5cm,hmargin=3D2cm]{geometry}
2) I do the latex->dvi->dvi/ps->ps/pdf process to get the
PDF file. On the screen I see no error on the upper/bottom margins
but when I print the PDF file the bottom marigin is bigger the the
upper margin. It doesn't matter which option I choose (-P pdf -t A4
-z or -P pdf -G0) when doing the ps/pdf translation the error is the
same.
3) When I print from DVI there is no discrepancy between upper and
bottom margin so, I guess the problem is in the DVI/PDF translation
because if I use PDFLatex the same problem happens.
Thanks in advance for any clue.
Ruberval
---
Inscreva-se na Maratona iBest para concorrer a pr=EAmios!
S=E3o 2 casas, 11 Ford EcoSport e 60 computadores.
Participe j=E1:thinking about it makes me tired).
Keely travels around the world capturing stories of poverty and hope with her camera.
Jenni strives to empower, challenge, and encourage women leaders.
Justin and Trish bravely share their season of struggle with unbelievable candor and grace so others can learn from their mistakes.
(I am keeping this to a short list, but I could go on and on, and on and on.)
It is this simple. If you don’t have friends who inspire you, you need to find some new friends.
Right now. They will change your life. They will change your life for good.
How are your friends inspiring you?
Please note: I reserve the right to delete comments that are offensive or off-topic.Road.
Signs & Work Zone Protection
We offer a complete range of traffic signs, variable message signs, LED, gantries and posts.
Lighting columns
We offer a broad range of lighting columns for roads and highways. The columns can be customized to your project. We also offer passive safe lighting columns that reduce the level of impact and improve traffic safety. Our lighting columns can be delivered in any selected colour according to the RAL-or NCS scales.
Noise protection
Our highly absorbing noise barriers made of aluminium are used where traffic noise has become a nagging nuisance. The space-saving structures may be painted in different colour designs or covered with plants to make them fit best in the surrounding area. Transparent noise protection elements are required wherever it is desirable to preserve scenic vistas and where other noise protection structures would seriously restrict lines of sight.
Street Furniture
City infrastructure develops everyday and the number of people moving in public spaces is increasing. For Saferoad it is important to offer products and solutions that contribute to urban prosperity. We offer an intelligent, sustainable and aesthetic range of products that creates safe and functional urban areas.SEPTEMBER 25, 2017 – OPEC.”
Nigeria Rebound.
Kurdish Referendum.
There is only one Tirupathi and that is in Andhra Pradesh but did you know that there are two other towns by the same name and with the same deity in Karnataka. These towns are Bangaru Tirupati and Chikka Tirupathi.
Both these towns are in Kolar district and they are near
. The Bangaru Tirupathi temple has been closely modeled on the original Bangalore in Tirupathi., Venkatehwara Temple
This temple is built on rocks and it dates back to the period of Brigu Rishi. The peculiarity of this temple is that the darshan of the Lord is through a window with six holes in the sanctum.
The hillock leading to the temple is about 40 metres in height. At the base the hillock is a image of Garuda, the Vahana or vehicle of Srinivasa.
The first thing that strikes a person when sees the temple is the beautiful Gopura.
July and August (Shravana Maasa) are particularly busy months here as there are several festivals.
The temple is located in the small
, 29 kms from Kolar. village of Guttahalli
The temple also has a idol of Padmavathi. The priest says it was installed sometime in the mid 19th century.
Is located 29 km from Kolar in place called Guttahalli. This is a very famous temple which resembles the famous Sri Venkateshwara Temple of Tirupathi in Andhra Pradesh.The temple is built on rocks which dates back to Brigu Maharushi's days.At Guttahalli, you'll find the temple on a hillock that is about 40 metres high. Just below the hillock is Garuda, Vishnu's vehicle. The small Kalyani or water tank is sight to behold.
Another Tirupathi in Kolar is the Chikka Tirupati in Malur taluk. This is 40 kms from
. Bangalore
It has a beautiful
. Here too he is standing with his consorts Sri Devi and Bhoo Devi. temple of Prasanna Venkatesha
The right hand is in Varada hasta (the hand that grants boon to devotees).
There is a beautiful legend that is associated with the deity. The Sthala Purana says that the main idol of Prasanna Venkatesha was consecrated by Agni, the God of Fire.
The story of the temple is told in the Kandava Dhana Kanda of the Mahabharata. It says at the end of Dwaparayuga, Agni developed severe stomach pain and indigestion after accepting “Havis” (offerings) from yagnas performed during those days.
Agni came to Arjuna and Lord Sri Krishna and sought their help.
Arjuna asked Agni to eat the medicinal herbs in the Kandava forest.
Arjuna asked Agni to eat the medicinal herbs in the Kandava forest.
Agni ate the entire medicinal forest. While Agni was devouring the forest, both Arjuna and
Krishna stood guard so that the fire would not be extinguished. Unfortunately, Takshaka, the King of snakes, was trapped in the inferno and got injured.
When he came to know that Agni was the cause of the fire, an angry Takhsaka cursed Agni who suddenly lost his tejas (brightness).
Agni then approached Shiva from help. Shiva, in turn, advised Agni to pray to Vishnu for solace. Agni prayed to Vishnu who helped him regain the tejas.
Agni then approached Shiva from help. Shiva, in turn, advised Agni to pray to Vishnu for solace. Agni prayed to Vishnu who helped him regain the tejas.
A grateful Agni then consecrated the idol of Vishnu, or prasanna Venkatesha here. The idol is made from
Krishna shila (black rock) and it is about three-and-a-half feet tall.
The right hand of the idol is held up towards the sky in what is called Aabhaya Hasta, while in Tirupathi the hand is pointed towards the Earth.
Each of the two temples is unique in its own way and you can visit both of them in a single day. Chika Tirupathi is just 45 kms from Hoskote.
If you are in south
, take the Bangalore St John’s Road, Sarjapur Road and town and after the buys stand turn left for Chikka Tirupathi. You can also take the Whitefield, ITPL, Hope Farm Circle to the temple.
If you are in south
Both these temples conduct poojas and perform seves as per the practice at Tirupathi. The best occasion to visit the temples would be on Vaikunta Ekadashi which is a very specials occasion for Vishnu.
This comment has been removed by the author.
This is a nice Trip.. a complete yatraAfter police on Wednesday released clear photos of a man who tried to tried to rape a woman in the MLK Neighborhood, multiple callers said it was "Tom" who works at Amazon.
The victim then picked Thomas Lee Carr out of a photo lineup as her assailant.
He is charged with attempted rape.
The woman said on Tuesday just before noon she was followed into the complex where she lives by a white male wearing a blue tank top and dark-colored pants.
She said he followed her up to the second floor, then forced his way into her room.
The woman said he then tried to take off her clothes while dropping his own pants. She said he tried to force her head down towards his crotch.
She said the man fled when a roommate entered the room.
After multiple outlets, including Chattanoogan.com, ran the photo that was taken off the complex's video camera, callers all said it was "Tom."
Police said, "They all stated they work with him at Amazon and they were adamant that was the individual."
One of the Amazon workers had the phone number for Tom and provided it to police.
Police were able to determine that it was Thomas Lee Carr and to pull up a Facebook photo of him.
The woman then picked him out of a six-person lineup.)last beautiful this year. i put together a garden bouquet with our antique pink & magenta roses, sage blossoms, pink lupines, rosemary and wild sweetpeas.At TheSeadog.Life, the privacy of the visitors is of extreme importance. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by TheSeadog.Life and how it is used.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter. Any time you submit your email address in order to obtain a free e-book, e-course, or the like, your email address is automatically added to the main The Seadog Life newsletter list. And of course you always unsubscribe.
When commenting, submitting a form, ordering, or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, phone number, website, social media links, address,, newsletters, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, TheSeadog enter, submit, or access your personal information. Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure, and on occasion, such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically. Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Cookies and Web Beacons through your individual browser options, but if you do, some features of this site may not work as intended. For more details, see aboutcookies.org.
A number of our pages use cookies:
1. TheSeaDog.Life, as a website designed and hosted on WordPress.com, does have cookies enabled on it. Via our website, WordPress.com by WordPRess.com, the policy regarding the use of cookies on this website is covered in WordPress.com Privacy Policy Statement. Please read the policy to understand what it covers., in the (unlikely) event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer, for fraud protection or to reduce the risk of fraud, 16, 2017.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the Contact page.I assigned myself the first six letters of the alphabet only to find out i couldn’t use any type or designed text from other sources.
But it came much more easier than I expected when find letters in unknown places. Knowing that i couldn’t travel far or waste any time, I decided to use ordinary objects around campus. The search for the “A”,”C”,”D”,”E” and “F” all came from within a five to ten mile radius with my dorm room
smack dab in the epicenter, but of course it came with its bumps and swerves. That being said, I couldn’t find the “B” in time and all my images for that letter were either in low-definition with Photoshop or just plain blurry or atrocious in quality. For that I alerted the group who kept in touch by sending their own pics and giving out opinions at the same time by text. One of them had taken a picture of their dashboard that looked similar to “B”. Crisis averted.
During class, the rest of the group came together for progress report for the rest of the day. Only to find out on of my letters,”C”, was all scattered pixels therefore the image
was unrecognizable. I had to take it over again which I did before the first five minutes of class started. Hooray.
Outcome
The end result was to have a full twenty-six letters with four symbols included by Monday afternoon. my group was third to go and ended with mixed but favorable reviews with a couple of suggestions for the professor himself. The main objective was to create a alphabet that was elaborate and had a flow to each letter made. Safe to say with a few tweaks to some images, the group successfully accomplished the goal.DMEDI stands for Define, Measure, Explore, Develop, and Implement, and is used to build new processes based on analysis of customer needs and preferences.
Define
- Who is the Customer
- What do they want
- Who are the Competitors
- Standards and Legislation
Measure
- Benchmarking
- Market Analysis
- Manufacturing Process
Evaluate
- Concept Design
- Testing
- Commercial Appraisal
- Meet Customer Requirements
- Meet Business Requirements – Profit and Quality
Design
- Sound Engineering
- Verification
- Validation
Implement
- Production Engineering
- Tooling Design
- Quality Procedures
- Inspection Plans
- Type Approval
- Commissioning
- Continuous Improvement
- Aftermarket
We can provide all of the tools and templates required and facilitate the process itself, while training and mentoring your team in the required techniques so they can be used efficiently on future projectsWhat’s up, roomie? Nothing strange going on here…moving on.
Wait…plot development? We’re not ending the season off with a filler episode? Woohoo! Well, I guess I actually have to pay attention now.
I’m totally going to remember this. Also, America is apparently responsible? Oops…
That’s some convenient helicopter timing. Also, is he landing his helicopter in the middle of the highway despite the fact that there seems to be a decent landing area right next to it?
Aww man…now I can’t complain about his helicopter placement.
Also, this entire scene pisses me off for some reason. It’s like “let’s make it very clear that this guy is a foreigner”.
Solve all problems with money!
The fact that this guy keeps walking across the screen means he must be important. Enemy?
Wait…I don’t understand. Does she only pull in people? Because the news made it sound like the entire building with Kenji disappeared. If so, where’s the building?
Confidently saying the plan means it won’t work.
Atsushi, run to the door now while she’s explaining! Though, using the key probably takes some time, so his best plan is probably to secretly pass the key to the other guy and distract the doll.
First off, screw you, Atsushi, for holding the key out to the side when you reach the door instead of immediately putting it in the lock. Secondly, this guy warns Atsushi in a ridiculously ambiguous way. How does Atsushi know he’s talking about the key and not the doll?
Don’t you hate it when game masters do this?
Doesn’t this scene kinda negate all of Atsushi’s recent character growth?
This whole “bumbling idiot is actually the strongest character” reveal would be more interesting if Dazai didn’t already do it in this series.
Not bad, Atsushi…but I don’t know if this forgives your attempt to escape earlier.
These cars all try to move across the intersection from different directions at the same time. Do you even traffic light?
Rintarou? As in Okabe Rintarou?
Based on the next scene where it’s revealed that the old guy is the leader of the Port Mafia, I guess this is happening because Kyouka recognized him. I thought it might be some cliffhanger where her powers were rejecting her or something.
Well, at least the series didn’t troll us at the end. That being said, I question whether Atsushi even grew at all throughout this series. As for the series in general, I’d say nothing special, but definitely not bad. I should just reserve judgment until the next season, right?MEET the kinder, gentler Larry Clark. Sure, his “Wassup Rockers” contains shots of teen flesh – most notably barechested boys in boxers – but the lurid violence, sex and nudity of “Kids” (rated NC-17), “Bully” and “Ken Park” are missing.
“Wassup Rockers,” out Friday, follows the antics of Jonathan, Kico, Milton, Porky, Eddie, Louie and Carlos – young Latino skakeboarders from Los Angeles’ South Central ghetto (much like the firsttime actors who play them) who take a trip to posh Beverly Hills, where they’re hassled by cops and picked up by rich white girls. The movie is partially based on the real lives of its actors.
Some say “Wassup Rockers” is tamer and more sentimental than your other films.
I think it just reflects the kids’ lives. This is just what happened, this is the story. These are good kids, and I want to show what they’re like.
Where did you find them?
It was pure serendipity.
“Ken Park” was opening in Paris and this French magazine asked me to take some photographs in California of Tiffany Limon [his much, much, younger lover, and a star of “Ken Park”] with some of the other actors, but they weren’t around.
So we went down to Venice to find some skate kids. And there were Porky and Kico; they were 14 or 15. They were really raggedy, their shoes were falling apart and their clothes were much too little for them and they had long hair. But they had style.
We photographed them for four days. A couple months later, when I took the magazine back to them, they wanted to go skating. I ended up taking them skating every Saturday for over a year.
How much of “Wassup Rockers” is real?
The first half of the film reflects their lives in South Central, and all those stories are their stories. I didn’t make those up at all.
The second half of the film I made up.
I started thinking, what would happen if I took them into Beverly Hills and they were picked up by some white girls, and their boyfriends came and there was this fight. That was the inspiration.
What are the boys doing now?
They’re going to high school.
Do they want to be actors?
I think they’d go with the flow. Kico is a great little natural actor – who knew? I kept giving him more and more to do. I’m writing another film for him and Jonathan.
Do the kids like the movie?
They’re happy. It’s really opened up the world for them. They’re poor ghetto kids whose world was a few square blocks of South Central. Now things are happening for them.
Are they celebrities in their own world?
A little bit. Plus when the film comes out, everybody’s going to know them.
Did the Beverly Hills cops give you a hard time, the way they do the skaters in “Wassup Kids”?
The Beverly Hills skate scene with the cop actually happened with us. The gang had never been to Beverly Hills, so I took them there one morning.
They start skating, and we get busted. The cop looked just like Robert Patrick from “Terminator 2: Judgment Day.”
Are you a skateboarder?
I learned how to skate when I was in my 40s, just before I made “Kids.” I hurt myself a lot, but I can skate a little.-Friday Thru Tuesday-
Friday June 19's Run
I’m playing catch-up, so here are the recaps of my workouts from last Friday June 19 thru today, Tuesday June 23.
Friday, I got up and ran through a nice, older neighborhood. I didn’t have a plan on where I was going, I just wanted to run. It felt good to do so, although I believe the heat (even though it was relatively early in the morning) combined with the intensity of my run set me up for a bit of heat exhaustion over the weekend. Friday’s soundtrack was provided by ATB, as I listened to his album “Trilogy.” Good schtuff! Totally sweaty and happily spent, I came home, showered, and ate a bit prior to heading out the door to train clients. I trained a few in their pool later that morning, and it was blazing. I should have brought my swimsuit so I could have joined them. Lesson learned! Friday turned out to be a pretty exciting day! I am now the proud owner of a Terry Isis road bike. It’s shipping from California sometime this week, and I can’t wait for it to get here!
Saturday’s plan was to get up and fit in an easy run prior to my swim workout. My body said “hell no” regarding getting up at 5:30 am, so I slept in, realizing that I had a long day ahead with my birthday luau. My swim workout SUCKED. Okay, so it wasn’t terrible, but it was obvious that I had heat exhaustion by that point because my body wasn’t cooperating. I felt awkward in the water and it was a bit of a bummer, but I stuck it out and completed over 700 yards. The rest of the day was devoted to pre-party tasks and then a ton of fun in and out of the pool all day/evening. I have a bruise on each elbow thanks to the slip n’ slide races! 🙂
Sunday was NO working out…and more hangin’ in the pool…another scorcher of a day.
Yes, folks, I was drinking a ton of water, I promise!
Monday, June 22's Run
Monday, I got up at the butt-crack, had my coffee, ate some cereal, and went for a run very much like the one I did Friday. It felt so good to run after a weekend of cuttin’ loose! I’m feeling stronger using improved posture, and i’m focusing on my breathing. Monday’s run’s soundtrack was provided yet again by ATB, as I listened to his latest album “Future Memories.” Another great one from ATB! I believe it was 100 degrees Monday, and it’s projected to be just as bad all week…and that’s WITHOUT the heat index. I trained my little group of clients in the pool again Monday, but this time I got in there with them! We worked on stroke techniques and had a good time. My 2:30 client got a bit of everything because she asked for it! Dynamic warm-up, hip/t-spine mobility work, some new core stuff, Superband locomotor circuit, and focus mitts! Another great workout for one of my rockstars! My second workout of the day was a swim around 4:00pm. Did some different stuff – 4 sets of 12 laps (a little over 100 yards), resting only as long as Sheila went, and then 3 sets of 50 yards (6 laps) using pull buoy, then 3 sets of 50 with kickboard. Grand total of 45 minutes or so for both of us to get done, and oh…my…gosh…talk about dead legs! Maybe i’m a weirdo, but the feeling of being pleasantly spent really makes me happy. Such a sense of accomplishment! Felt redeemed after Saturday’s crappy swim workout! Ate a good dinner and vegged on the couch for the evening while doing some work.
Today was a rest day, for the most part. I got up and did an 18-minute mobility/kettlebell workout just because I felt like it. Scheduled a massage for this afternoon and it was AMAZING. I will be getting a massage every other week from now on! I used to do this back in my fitness competition days and have been wanting to get back on track with regular appointments. If you don’t get regular massages, I highly recommend that you do. It’s all about happy tissues, folks…lol! 😀 Oh, and i’m not talking about lame relaxation massages…i’m talking deep-tissue make you wanna cry at times massages! Main areas of concern today were my neck, traps, occipital region, glutes (especially left, boy howdy), calves (especially left), and feet (arches were killer, especially left). Notice a left-sided trend?
As always, thanks for being so supportive and appreciating what i’m doing. I am trying to throw in posts regarding things other than just triathlon stuff, so don’t worry. I know a few of you are curious about my progress, so i’ll keep writing about my own workouts. I want to hear from you – what do you want to learn more about? Leave your comments below!
Yours in Health,
Sarah
Who the heck is ATB?
June 24, 2009 at 5:53 pm
Hey “Lance”! 😉
ATB is Andre Tanneberger (sp?), who you need to know if you’re into electronic/trance music!
Is your alias in reference to Lance Armstrong? Are you implying we’ll ride bikes on the levee for a workout in the near future? 😀
June 24, 2009 at 6:07 pm
Yes, soon as we get that bike together and tuned up for you, we’ll hit the levee!
June 24, 2009 at 7:56 pm
YAY! 😀
June 25, 2009 at 1:32 pmCar Rentals Trentino
Your economic Car Rental in Trentino
Car Rental Trentino
Economic Car Rental in Trentino
A cordial welcome to Globel Cars, your economic car hire broker in Trentino. We exclusively co-operate with respectable car hire companies, which outer-exchanges their cars all 6 months.
Also in Trentino you will receive a car from a company, which constantly renews their car fleet, that means that you will get a new car, which are not older than 6 months.
Our current Top offers in Trentino
(Bolzano, 7 days)
Car Rental Trentino – Your economic Car Rental in TrentinoAntiqued metal clock framework with weathered fir wood tabletop. Inset with clear tempered glass.
Weight: 23 lbs.
$368.95
In stock
Traditional, narrow wrought iron quilt or towel rack in a dark finish with open-metalwork design features 3 horizontal bars
Set of two choo foo dogs in a polished jade finish.
Simple yet elegant, this Churchill Pocket Wall Clock is sure to add sophisticated touch to your decor. Over-sized wall clock inspired by the styling of an antique men?s pocket watch. Clock face has an antique finish and metal frame is finished with an aged metal patina. The wall clock is made using high quality material that adds to its longevity and durability.
If you do not see a specific model, manufacturer or style, call us toll free at (866) 467-6460.
Copyright © 2018 Decorative Clocks, Accessories for Home, Curios, Home Bars - Expressions of Time - All Rights Reserved.Canon Camera Error E50
Photographing Women: 8 Tips for Posing, Lighting, and Details Erica Kay Portrait Tips August 15, 2016 10 Ways Your MagMod Modifiers Boost Creativity Mark Morris Gear Reviews August 12, 2016 You Thank you, great article. Refining the Error Messages in recent EOS cameras Beginning around 2007, cameras like the EOS-1D Mark III, EOS 5D Mark II and EOS 7D started to have a more sophisticated system This error can occur when several switches are pressed at the same time.REMEDIAL MEASURE: Because this error is caused by abnormal operation, try releasing the error by turning the main power check over here
Log In | Sign Up | Français Email Address Password Forgot your username or password? Err 06: Self-cleaning sensor malfunction The sequence of events during the self-cleaning process is not being detected as completed. Gallery Grab your camera and take on our challenge. March 3, 2016 Reply Martian Bachelor Ditto for me.
Canon Camera Error Codes
If it does, it’s a sign that somehow, the connected device(s) are creating some sort of disturbance in the camera’s operation. err50 is one of the half dozen or so codes which, if not cleared by a full battery change, indicate that you'll be replacing one of the subsystems in it's entirety. Err 20: Mechanical malfunction Within the mirror, shutter or aperture mechanism (most likely), some sort of disturbance, error or lock-up has been detected. Nederlands Alle inhoud die op de CPN-website wordt gepubliceerd, is beschikbaar in het Engels.
If dirt or foreign matter gets on this imaging element, black spots may be recorded on the corresponding part of the image. Peter Error 99 just appeared on a new 80D and my old 400D. I don't really want to call canon. Canon Copier Error Codes April 2, 2014 Reply RDW I had this infamous error on my Canon 5DII and had to send it off to Canon for repair.
Sluiten Meer informatie View this message in English Je gebruikt YouTube in het Nederlands. Canon Digital Camera Error Codes Privacy Statement Terms of Use Sign Up for RSS Feeds no consumer We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. If you try to clean the imaging element while the battery back is installed in the camera, the cleaning warning message ‘AC’ will blink on the camera’s LCD panel and you The date/time battery maintains the camera's date and time.
Resolution: Set the [LOCK] switch to the left to release it and enable the functions. Canon Printer Error Codes Find The Perfect Printer irista Cloud-based image storage and management. Pro Printers Inkjet for A2 and A3 photo prints. Français Tout le contenu publié sur le site Web de CPN existe en anglais.
Canon Digital Camera Error Codes
Wow! Anders is Engels de standaardtaal. Canon Camera Error Codes This error code doesn’t specify where the exact problem is, but points to the cause being mechanical rather than an electronic gremlin. Canon Camera Coupon Codes CAUTION When cleaning the contacts take the following precautions: Do not wipe the contacts with a wet cloth.
View All Downloads Contact Us Find contact numbers or product support. check my blog canon rumors FORUM Re: CANON ERR (ERROR) CODES: « Reply #3 on: August 03, 2012, 11:43:13 AM » Print Pages: [1] « previous next » canon rumors FORUM » Gear Talk Manuals Download a user manual for your Canon product. November 2, 2015 Reply Mark My eos30d developed the error 99. Canon Camera Body Date Codes
Photo Books High-quality spreads with lay-flat technology. Leave a Comment Cancel reply CommentName * Email * Website Current [email protected] * Leave this field empty Subscribe to the IP Podcaston iTuneson Androidvia RSS Improve Photography LLC is a participant When a newly formatted Compact Flash card is installed, the folder number starts from 100 and the image file number starts from 0001. this content Err 05: Built-in flash obstruction The camera detects that the built-in flash has not reached its normal, raised position for flash shooting, and is halting operation until the obstruction to the
August 29, 2016 Reply Jack Our Canon 400D which is 9 years old has in the last week been showing Error 99 almost 99% of the time. Canon Eos Error Codes This error code doesn’t specify where the exact problem is, but points to the cause being mechanical rather than an electronic gremlin.Err 30: Shutter malfunctionUnlike Error 20, this one does point EOS Camera Error Codes and Error Messages Products New Products Cameras Video Cameras Lenses Printers Ink, Toner & Paper Image & Video Management Services Apps Services Photo Books irista Lifecake Get
Resolution: Insert a Compact Flash memory card.
September 26, 2016 Reply Keith Thanks…it was dirty contacts in my case!!! Was this answer helpful? Different lens - still got the problem. Canon Rebel Error Codes Ink, Toner & Paper Find consumables for your Canon printer.
switch-outs. To fix the error, you can certainly call Canon… but I will tell you exactly what they tell you on the phone. First they will ask you to do a clean This error can occur for the following reasons: You are trying to play back images captured with a non-Canon camera. have a peek at these guys It’s obviously a good idea to clean the contacts if a lens communication error is reported, but our strong recommendation is to use a soft, clean cloth, perhaps moistened with isopropyl
Yeah- I saw that discussion thread last night and tried everything mentioned.Home ❯ Vita ❯ Unmechanical: Extended Cheats & Tips
Unmechanical: Extended (Vita) Cheats & Tips
Your guide for cheat codes, tips, hacks and walkthroughs
Cheats & Tips for Unmechanical: Extended:
None yet, unfortunately. This is normally where we'd give you tips on how to beat that tough level in Unmechanical: Extended, cheat codes to unlock a secret weapon, hacks to unlock bonus levels, step-by-step guides on how to unlock Unmechanical: Extended achievements or trophies, and so much more. We're always looking for new tips and cheats, so if you have any to share, please submit them now!
Unmechanical: Extended Walkthrough & How To Guides:
Step-by-step and detailed walkthrough guides for Unmechanical: Extended are still needed! If you have a walkthrough guide to share, please pass them on!Story Contest 2017 #1 - Outstanding Stories » Strange Dreams
“Strange Dreams” is one of the outstanding stories of the first biannual International Short Story Contest 2017 written by Aamna Arif, UAE.
Strange Dreams
“It won't be that hard,” Mariah told herself. “It's just the first day of school. It's not a big deal.”
She tried to calm down the rythm of her beating heart, but it wasn't of any use. Inhaling the stale atmosphere around her, she took her first step to a place she dreaded.
The hallway was covered with a huge crowd; unwanted noise was enveloping her ears. She wanted a lonely corner of the spacious hallway for herself, and she couldn’t get one. Lowering her eyes, she walked her way towards her only destination, her locker.
The numbers "204" were stapled on the surface of the locker. She made a small observation before relaxing her back on the locker. Sighing in relief, she took out her phone, reading quotes. They went like this:
‘Not all who wonder are lost. Patience is the key to success.
I can see humans, but no humanity.’
She stopped at the last quote, her eyes fixed on the words. She laughed humourlessly. "How can a quote be that accurate," She muttered, tucking her phone back in her pocket.
Everyone was busy talking with their friends, and here she was, friendless and isolated. She kept thinking about how lonely she was, until someone nudged her, waking her up from her world of unconscious thoughts.
“Hello loner,” Someone with a chirpy yet insulting voice sneered, “How's wondering about your existence going?”
It was Jack, a person she had known for so long she could smell him from miles. He was that person who didn't know that human feelings existed. And of course, he wasn't a close friend. He was a bully.
“Pretty good,” She finally answered, her heart itching to leave this situation she was bound into. She nearly regretted answering him before he clutched her hair into a ball, forcing her to look at him.
“What did you say?” He growled, his pale green irises burning with fury, “Did you just have the guts to answer me back?”
Her eyes started to water, trying her best to not break out. Especially in front of a bully. “I-I'm sorry," She said. She recollected the painful memories of how Jack and his group of friends used to mock and tease her. Her scalp was starting to sting.
“Useless loner,” Jack spat at her and released her hair. Mariah's eyes were fogged with moisture as she saw Jack walking back to a group of laughing friends. She regained her normal posture and wiped away her tears, acting as if nothing happened.
Before she could recover properly, the school bell rang, signalling the first class. Everyone finally left their particular groups and ran to their classes. Mariah was the last one to go.
The classes were a fast blur for Mariah, she just couldn’t pay attention to the required lectures given during classes. Her mind was on the event that took place in the hallway and the hiding Jack's friends gave at lunch. Yes, another event she couldn’t skip.
It was finally home time, a moment of life Mariah admired the most. She walked out of the damned school and checked whether Jack was there to shred this euphoria to pieces or not. There wasn't a single trace of him.
While she was walking home, Mariah heard the whispered words people around her used to say.
“Her hair is a total mess”, “She's awfully pale”, “Her eyes are dreadful”, and so on. It never bothered her; she was well accustomed to the verbal abuse.
She entered her house, greeting her mom and dad before charging of to her room to cry out the pain she would feel every day. She would sob until her eyes were too sore to hold the torture anymore. She rubbed her eyes, feeling painful sparks.
This used to be her everyday routine. Getting hurt by the insensitive words of society and doing nothing about it other than crying. Her parents always used to compliment her, but it never brightened up her mood. Parents are supposed to say all those words to their children.
Sometimes, she would ponder on her life. Why is life so cruel? Why am I the only one? With that last thought, her eyes began to pour out again.
“Dinner's ready!” Her mom yelled, alarming Mariah from her sobbing mess. She quickly wiped away her remaining tears and ran downstairs.
Dinner was quiet. Other than a few questions about the first day of school, sound had deserted the dinner table. Mariah wasn't hungry, as always. She left the cold dead meat of lamb on her plate and ran back to her room. She didn't cry like last time, instead she dropped her body on the bed and let sleep consume her.
She had a dream. A magnificent one. This was something she saw:
Mariah was against her locker again. This time she was waiting for Jack to come and taunt her. And he did. With a twist.
“Uh,” Jack said. “I just came here to say sorry for what I did to you from all these years.”
Mariah's jaw dropped, she gazed at him as if she had just found Bigfoot from a nearby forest. Jack's face was pink in humiliation and realization was written on his eyes with great sincerity.
Before Mariah could say anything, he ran away. “What a strange boy,” She thought.
This time, all of the teachers and students were admiring her. It was like everyone was brainwashed. Everyone sent her friend requests during break. Jack even invited her to his birthday party. Anyone would be happy if they were in her place, but she was creeped out.
During her walk back from home, everyone started complimenting the features they used to despise about her. “'What a beautiful girl she is!” An elderly woman exclaimed as Mariah passed by her with her eyes staring at the ground. “Thank you,” she whispered to no one more than herself.
“What is happening to everyone?” Mariah yelled once she reached home. She tugged her hair in confusion. Everything was the total opposite of what happened to her every day.
It didn't last for long when Mariah woke up.
She gasped under the moonlight, her eyes were bloodshot. It didn't take a lot of time before she realized that everything was just a dream. Mariah wiped away the spring of sweat which was lining her collarbone. Under the dim light visible from the slits of the window curtain, another realization struck her. What happened in the dream would probably never happen in her life again.
'Hiya,' Jack said, surprisingly friendly. Mariah least expected this. Was this a joke? Is there a punch-line?Facebook has recently launched a new feature called the Messenger Day App. Through this new feature, you can share videos and images with your Facebook friends which will disappear after 24 hours. Messenger Day works just like Snapchat, and was created to compete with the application.
For businesses, the biggest advantage of Facebook’s new feature is you can utilize it to market and promote your company, post promotional videos, and share images or templates with your clients and Facebook friends.
The Messenger Day feature is available only in the Messenger app, which features a simple tool set that allows you to share quickly. In the top-left corner, you will find the Add to Your Day option. Tap on it to add a photo or video to your story. You can also customize your list with whom you want to share. Tap the gear icon on the left side of the screen, where you select My Day and choose your audience. Then just hit send to post it!
One useful aspect of the app is you can see how many and who specifically has viewed your Day. With this feature, you can gain valuable insight into your target audience and how to reach them more effectively. You can also promote your brand through social media marketing on a personal level, where you can directly interact with your Facebook clients.
Attract your friends on Facebook towards your business through this medium, and encourage them to like your business page and official profile on Facebook.
You can also share live videos and images to promote your event, party, seminar, workshop, etc. This will allow you to invite people to your event in a personal way. Encourage your employees to do the same on their Facebook Messenger Day to further promote the occasion.
The more shares, the more views, the more brand exposure.
Share your company’s latest updates and recent developments, this way you can make people aware of your progress. Using this feature, you can be in constant contact with your clients and can build a strong relationship with them on a personal level.
If you need help utilizing Facebook for business, get in touch with us! We specialize in growing businesses online through strategic marketing and high-end design. Come to us for any web design, marketing or branding needs!Hey guys, this will be only blog post for the next few weeks, as on Saturday I am going to South Africa for about sixteen days. I will hopefully return with some really interesting things to talk about, including the African bush and safari, whale watching, shark cages, potentially a bungee jump or a sky dive, and Cape Town.
But first…
One well accepted view is that mental disorder predisposes crime, as seen the public perceptions that mentally ill individuals are violent and in media portrays of mental illness. So today I want to discuss this.
It is thought that 16-64% of prisoners suffer with a mental disorder, compared to 23% of the general population. From this figure alone, it would be easy to say that there is a clear link between mental disorder and crime. But, this is not the whole story…
Let’s look at a study on mental illness and crime:
Baillargeon, Binswanger, Penn, Williams & Murray, 2009) examined a sample of 71,333 inmates in the US and found that 7,878(11%) had either major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or a non-schizophrenic psychotic disorder. While this percentage could be considered low, it might suggest there is a small relationship between these disorders and crime. Or that’s what you might think…
But this study fails to acknowledge third variable effects. A third variable is something that affects the relationship between two things. For example: there may be a relationship between heavy drinking and sex. This might lead people to think that drinking causes sex. However, it might be that those who drink heavily are just more sexually promiscuous. Basically, there is more than two factors in a relationship.
In the case of crime and mental illness, it could be that mentally disorder individuals are more vulnerable to arrest or injustice, leading to high levels of mentally disordered offenders.
There are other important factors such as gender, substance abuse and socio-economic background of the individual. Fazel and Seewald (2012) examined the prevalence of psychosis and major depression in 33,588 prisoners from 24 countries. The prevalence of psychosis was 3.6-3.9%, and the rate of depression was 10.2-14.2% in male and female prisoners respectively. Interestingly, there was a higher prevalence of psychosis in low and middle-income countries compared to high-income ones. Fazel and Seewald (2012) suggested there may be a stronger relationship between mental illness and criminality within these countries due to socio-cultural factors, resulting in an increased number of mentally disordered offenders. For example, mentally ill individuals may receive poorer legal representation in these countries.
Another way to consider this argument is to look at how flawed this area of research is in general. Which makes it pretty much impossible to tell if A (mental illness) leads to B (crime). Publication bias is when non-significant results are not published. So if a study finds that alcohol doesn’t lead to kidney problems, it won’t be published, because it doesn’t show the ‘right’ results for the media and for the medical/psychological community, even if it is in fact true. Although I’m pretty certain excessive alcohol will damage your kidneys, so be careful – get watered not slaughtered!
This means that any research that finds no link between mental illness and crime, isn’t published, and is left at the ‘bottom of the drawer’. There could be thousands of these papers, that go unpublished, and suggest that crime and mental illness are not linked! Furthermore, those with a mental disorder are 6-23 times more likely to become a victim of violent crime, than the general population!
What I am saying is that, all this talk we have about labelling murderers or terrorists or whomever as ‘psycho’ or ‘mental’ is dangerous, and frankly, untrue. Mentally ill individuals can commit crime, but not all mentally disordered individuals do commit crime. Anyone can commit crime, but not everyone does. We should not be scared of those with mental illness. And neither should we label those who commit crime as mentally ill, because it’s not necessarily true.
I’m going to leave you with some shocking figures:
1/3 female students suffer from mental health issues.
In 2013, 6233 suicides were recorded in the UK for people ages 15 and older. Of these 78% were male, and 22% of these were female
10% of mothers and 6% of fathers have a mental health problem at any given time.
It is estimated that ¼ of us (25%) will experience mental health problems in one given year.
Mental illness is a medical illness
Love Em x
Interesting articles and figures:
My references:
Baillargeon, J., Binswanger, I. A., Penn, J. V., Williams, B. A., & Murray, O. J. (2009). Psychiatric disorders and repeat incarcerations: The revolving prison door. American Journal of Psychiatry, 166(1), 103-109
Fazel, S., & Seewald, K. (2012). Severe mental illness in 33 588 prisoners worldwide: systematic review and meta-regression analysis. The British Journal of Psychiatry, 200(5), 364-373. Doi: 10.1192/bjp.bp.111.096370
Rothstein, H. R., Sutton, A. J., & Borenstein, M. (Eds.). (2006). Publication bias in meta-analysis: Prevention, assessment and adjustments. John Wiley & Sons.
Taylor, P. A. & Gunn, J. (1999). Homicides by people with mental illness: myth and reality. British Journal of Psychiatry, 174(1), 9-14.
Teplin, L. A., McClelland, G. M., Abram, K. M., & Weiner, D. A. (2005). Crime victimization in adults with severe mental illness: comparison with the national crime victimization survey. Archives of general psychiatry, 62(8), 911-921PMP Exam Prep, Seventh Edition: Rita`s Course in a Book for Passing the PMP Exam download
>>IMAGE.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 Tricks Of The Trade For Studying For This Exam
Chapter 2 Project Management Framework
Chapter 3 Project Management Processes
Chapter 4 Integration Management
Chapter 5 Scope Management
Chapter 6 Time Management
Chapter 7 Cost Management
Chapter 8 Quality Management
Chapter 9 Human Resource Management
Chapter 10 Communications Management
Chapter 11 Risk Management
Chapter 12 Procurement Management
Chapter 13 Professional And Social Responsibility
Chapter 14 The PMP Exam: Tips For Passing The Exam The First Time
- Title: PMP Exam Prep, Seventh Edition: Rita`s Course in a Book for Passing the PMP Exam
- Author: Rita Mulcahy
- Length: 552 pages
- Edition: Seventh
- Language: English
- Publisher:RMC Publications
- Publication Date: 2011-07-11
- ISBN-10: 1932735410
- ISBN-13: 9781932735413
EU(multi): Click to download
55.1
08/22/2013
Google Drive: Click to download
55.1
01/02/2015
NitroFlare: Click to download
55.1
12/08/2016Now if I lived in Beijing and talked to the press about these facts, I might get a strongly worded memo from my Board of Realtors President, not so subtly suggesting that I drink the Kool Aid and keep a positive outlook. It’s possible that I might be sent to the re-education camp with those journalists who suggested that the Chinese female gymnasts still play with Barbies.
Hold on a minute, Brian. You did receive a strongly worded memo…
The problem lies in the fact that the Jersey Journal did an article on the Hoboken tax increase and how it affects the housing market. A couple of local realtors were quoted. The memo explains that the Board has a media expert who has taken public relations classes and seminars on how to deal with the media in a positive manner and if a realtor doesn’t have this expertise, better leave it to the experts. The memo goes on to explain that you can find a silver lining in everything. (Other than thatMrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?)
I know the realtors quoted in the “offending” article. They both have reputations as straight shooters. As a speaker, at a class that I attended (Not a public relations class), pontificated: Don’t hand someone a sh*t sandwich… take away the bread and what are you left with?
Think a reader is going to buy some line about a 47% tax increase being good for the real estate market? Ok. Maybe…. Here goes my attempt….”Wow, that 47% tax increase sure is making for interesting times. The Vulture buyers, that were on the sidelines waiting for the other shoe to drop, have flown to the carcasses of rotting short sales from former Wall Streeters… I’m having my best year ever!”
…Maybe all of us realtors should keep our mouths shut and not take the free publicity of the press. I love spending what little money I have (now half according to the December numbers) on marketing. Keeps the economy churning. …Tune in tomorrow…The Secret Police may have shut me down by then.
Hoboken Real Estate
December Condos
2008 under contract 28
2007 under contract 56
Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed
Speak Your MindIs Kirby Bliss Blanton Taller Than Alexandra Shipp?
Who is taller?!
Kirby Bliss Blanton is shorter than Alexandra Shipp by 4cm.
That's roughly 2 inches or 0.04 metres.
Have a look at Kirby Bliss Blanton's and Alexandra Shipp's pages to see some more information about their heights and names.
You can also check your height against theirs and see how you compare.Faculty planning work with rDNA or synthetic nucleic acid molecules should review the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant or Synthetic Nucleic Acid Molecules. NIH has revised the guidelines to cover explicitly certain types of basic and clinical research with nucleic acid molecules created solely by synthetic means. Certain classes of basic and clinical research with synthetic nucleic acids are now exempt. An extensive list of FAQ and other supporting guidance documents are available.
Other helpful guidance documents and resources:
- Georgia Tech Policies & Procedures
- Georgia Tech Environmental Health & Safety
- Biosafety in Microbiological and Biomedical Laboratories (BMBL), Fifth Edition
- Laboratory Safety Monograph, a Supplement to the NIH Guidelines for Recombinant DNA Research
- NIH Office of Biotechnology Activities
- NIH Human Embryonic Stem Cell Registry
- S3: Science, Safety, SecurityAuthor: santarchist
Detroit Santarchy’s 2015 Date
The date for this year’s Detroit Santarchy is going to happen on Saturday, December 19, 2015. There are some knowns and a whole lot of unknowns at this time. Planning…
Site Make Over
Okay… Alright… After a whole bunch of years, the site is getting a long overdue make over. Being Santa, with all the traditions and stuff, it was hard to break…Manchester United legend Ryan Giggs has stressed that there is no rift between David Moyes and himself, while the midfielder has also insisted the Red Devils are not heading into tonight’s Champions League quarter final with Bayern Munich as underdogs.
At a press conference on Monday, Giggs was prevented from responding to a journalist who asked whether his aim is to eventually become United’s manager, but the player dismissed reports which suggest there is a rift between himself and Moyes.
He said: “The relationship is good. There’s obviously no problem with the manager, I know a lot of stuff has been said but I don’t know where that’s come from,”
“As a player you want to play all the time, but I know I probably won’t play every game.
“The last time I played was probably the first time in six or seven weeks but we’ve got a lot of players to choose from and as you see in the performance against Olympiakos I’m always ready to come in and play and that’s what you’ve got to do, not sulk because you’re not playing you’ve got to come in and be ready to play for the team.
“The players tomorrow if they’ve not been playing have got to come in and perform.”
Giggs’s current 12-month deal ends this season. Yet he would not be drawn if this could be a last European campaign, saying, “I don’t know. I’ll tell you after tomorrow.”
United host Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday evening, and Giggs, a member of the United that triumphed over Bayern in the 1999 final, said that they are a formidable foe, but refused to label them as favourites.You guys seen the article about Levis and Philips teaming up to make electronic clothing? Do you guys think it will fly? Its quite interesting. You can find the article here:
The USA Weekend in today's Sunday paper has an article on page 10 about the Smart Bra, made from an "intelligent" polymer (doesn't say whether or not electronics are used). Also mentioned is the Techno Bra with a built-in heart monitor.
Now, all I need is heated boxers and I'll be all set
.
.....MarkEagle
.....<a href="">TreoCentral</a> | <a href="">VisorCentral</a> Forum Moderator - Forum Guidelines
.....Sprint PCS Treo 650
.....God bless America, my home sweet home...MMG Mine recently hosted West Coast Councillors and members of the Council Senior Leadership Team at their mine site in Rosebery.
The group were briefed by Mine General Manager Aaron Brannigan on the mine operations before undertaking a safety induction and heading underground to view first-hand how this integral part of the West Coast community functions.
“Learning more about how MMG operates and the contributions made to the local community was extremely interesting,” Mayor Phil Vickers said after the visit. “To be able to witness the underground operations and see the pride displayed by employees in their work was remarkable”.
Council is actively engaging with West Coast industry as it works to build its role in economic development across the region. Council will also shortly be commencing community engagement opportunities as part of the development of its strategic plan.
Visits such as the MMG tour will provide essential information from which to progress the strategic planning process.Topeka's Landscape & Lawn
Sprinkler Professionals
Full Service Nursery
Garden Center - Gifts & Decor
Landscape
Design &
Installation
Lawn
Sprinkler Systems
Landscape Lighting
Professional
Maintenance
You
can buy plants many places, but one stop is all it will take to
convince you why you should join our "family" of satisfied
clients. Come see for yourself and compare the quality of our merchandise.
We have the friendly professional staff to help with all your lawn
and garden needs.
Current
Specials
All Nursery Stock,
Shrubs, Perennials, Ornamental Grasses, Evergreens and More
Now 50-80% Off
Beautiful House Plants Now 50% Off
Time To Apply Fertilizer - Call for Details & Specials
Garden
Store Items
Up to75% OFF
Including
KU & K-State Items, Bird
Houses, Fountains, Bird Baths, Stained Glass, Gazing Balls,
Candles, Gifts, Flags, Design Posts, Windchimes, Patio Sets & Outdoor Furniture,
Lighting, Stepping Stones,
Pots, Planters, Baskets, Statuary, Tools, Traps & More, Silks,
Books, Bird Seed, & More
Why Waste Time Shopping Hardware, Lumber Store and Other Parking Lots?
We have the Highest Quality, Affordable Plants, ready for you.
Does Not Include Manufacturer Price Restricted Items - Sale Ends when current supplies are gone or November 24 - Warranties vary by item - All Sales are final - Cash & Carry Only - Prices Subject to change without notice-Sale doesn't include new arrivals - Quantities may be limited - Discounts Apply to Regular Price Only
Come out & see the new arrivals of decorations and
gifts.
You'll
also enjoy shopping our outdoor collection of benches,
Bistro sets and more.
We also have a terrific selection of Stained
Glass Suncatchers, Candle burners, and soy
candles. Check out the new , wind chimes,
statuary, fountains, patio furniture and
collegiate wind vanes
& clocks.
"If you can't find what you want,
you're not looking".If you like contests, here’s one for you.
Note: there is a small entry fee, and you must submit by mail.
Be sure to read and follow all instructions when submitting anything anywhere.
The blog in which this post appears is interesting, too. It hosts ongoing challenges and is the center of a lively community.
Announcement – Poetry Contest.I could name this entry Fish out of Water (in more ways than one) because that is exactly what it felt like.
It didn't take long to realize that we came from a different world and that we would not fit into this small town.
I got along fine with my Denton cousins and their families, but that is where it ended. It is always hard to come into a new school halfway through the year, but to come from a school with twelve hundred students to a school with less than a tenth of that amount was more than rough.
I caught it from every member of my class. I didn't think like them, I didn't dress like them and I certainly didn't talk like them and they constantly reminded me of those facts. They didn't believe that the school I left was as big as it was and that we changed classes six times a day. They had no concept of large grocery stores, shopping malls, large airports, aircraft carriers, or anything much outside of their community. The biggest thing for some of those kids was to visit Thomasville, a somewhat larger town nearby that made lots of fine furniture. There they were awed by the Big Giant Chair, in the center of town. I told them I had been to Washington DC and seen the big giant capital and all I got in return was a bunch of boos, calls of liar, and some line like "No one has ever been to Washington, it's too far away!"
Worst of all they called me a Yankee. I hated that. I told them they had no sense of history. I reminded them Virginia was the home of Robert E. Lee. I also reminded them that during the War Between the States (Lord help you if you call it the Civil War), Richmond, Virginia was the capital of the South! But that didn't stop them. They didn't seem to know anything about the Mason-Dixon Line or Petersburg, or Cold Harbor, or much else. I became the official Yankee of the class and there was nothing I could do about it.
I didn't make things better for myself when I said that when General Sherman made his march to the sea, he took his army around Denton instead of burning it down because he didn't want to do the South any favors.
I was sent out to the hallway for that remark.
Things were no better for my brother. One day he took a large piece of lava my father picked up when visiting Mt Etna in Sicily, to school for his fourth grade show and tell. He showed it, told them about it, and the class ridiculed him. They said something to the effect that he was nothing but a story teller cause that stupid old rock could not have come from Mt Etna, "Because No one has ever been there, it's too far away!"
Some kid in the class said in his best southern drawl, "Now I bet you will be telling us your old man has been to that big Volcano in Hawaii, what's it called Mt Killawhale or something?"
"You mean Mt Kilauea? Sure, he has been there a bunch of times."
That did it. With shouts of "Liar, Liar pants on fire!" my brother found himself at the wrong end of a ten year old fist.
For show and tell at dinner that evening, my brother's exhibit was a black eye and a note from his teacher saying that my Mom's son was being a class distraction.
We were The Yankee and the Class Distraction. The boys on the Porch.
It didn't help that during this time, our father was rarely seen by either of us. He found a factory job in Salisbury with a company called Fiber Industries. They manufactured polyester thread, which they sold to numerous other manufacturing companies, such as Hanes, Burlington Mills and others. Polyester pants were popular in those days, so the factory ran twenty four hours a day; seven days a week and my father worked the swing shift. Some days he worked noon to nine pm. Some days he worked three to midnight, or midnight to nine am, but never nine to six. During the evening, when we were home from school, he was either working or sleeping.
We saw each other on the weekend a few times, but on those days we were usually on our land clearing trees, trying to get the spot ready for our new home. Living on the front porch and in one bedroom of my Grandfather's house was becoming old really fast.
Once our terrible school year (we had the grades to prove it) was over, things improved some. Dad was still working strange hours with lots of overtime, but now that we were out of school we did see more of him. The family savings was growing, but the nest egg was not allowed to get too big because it was necessary to make a couple of trips back to Norfolk to repair broken pipes and a broken bathroom wall, courtesy of our renters.
Rod and I were starting to turn into country boys. We ran around barefoot, raised chickens, got ourselves a big dog and I bought a rifle. It was only a bb gun, but who knows what I would have wanted next. I was starting to adapt to my surroundings, but I am sure Dad was not. His peace of mind was starting to wear out. He wasn't comfortable with how our lives were changing. Five months and no new home, and it would not be long before another school year would be upon us, and being a long distance land lord only added to his unease.
In late June of 1967 we made our big trip to Montreal, Canada. It almost didn't happen. A few weeks before we were scheduled to leave, my brother came down with a case of viral pneumonia. It wasn't his first time, quite the contrary. This was something he got quite often. He would cough, and hack, run a fever and his lungs would get so full of fluid that he had to stand on his head to drain them. It took him about two weeks to recover from this episode. I was afraid our trip was lost, Mom and Dad said not to worry, but I could hear them at night, discussing the very strong possibility that we would not be going.
A few days before the trip Rod's illness seemed to get worse, and then I got sick. I suppose it could have been the stress of the idea of not making the trip of a lifetime that caused me to get ill. I had a blazing headache, a terrible sore throat, and plenty of nausea. One hot night, I couldn't sleep, and my head hurt more than it ever had. Dad, having two sick boys to deal with, figured that if one of them was unconscious, maybe we would all feel better, so he gave me a Darvon capsule. It did make me quiet, but it may have mixed with some cold remedy that I had also taken, or I may have been allergic to it. I don't know. I do know I had a terrible reaction to it. It didn't start out so terrible, but something was wrong. During the night I felt like I had water running down my face. It was really strange. I ran a hand over my face in the dark. My cheeks felt large and spongy and I could feel bumps on them.
I got up, ran to the other end of the house, to the back porch and then to the bathroom. I turned on the light, looked in the mirror and starting screaming my head off.
I looked like something from a cheap horror movie. My face, arms and chest had broken out with large hives. Big red welts with white bumps covered my face as well. My cheeks had swollen so that only the end of my nose was visible. One eye was swollen shut; the other was red as an apple. I looked, in a word, hideous.
Dad reached the bathroom first, took one look at me and went white as a ghost. Mom came up behind but he wouldn't let her see me. She insisted, pushed around him, saw my face and started to laugh. I know now that it was hysterical laughter, but at the time I could not figure out what was so funny. I told her so too.
"It's not funny!" I wailed. "Look at me! I think I'm dying!"
"You aren't dying" Mom responded, "You look like you stuck your head in a bee hive."
Actually, that was a pretty good description, but I didn't appreciate its accuracy.
I threw up.
Not a pretty picture, a big red swollen head spewing all over the bathroom.
Mom stopped laughing. "Clay, I think you better take him to the hospital."
Dad, thinking the same thing, got me cleaned up and half carried me to the car.
It was thirty miles to the nearest hospital in Lexington. I had my head in a trash can the whole way there. Dad drove like a mad man.
If we had lived in Norfolk, a trip to the hospital, civilian or navy would have expected results. You would go to the emergency room, see a nurse, then a doctor, be poked, prodded, a thermometer jammed under your tongue, blood pressure taken, what ever. The main thing is you would just walk in and see somebody.
We arrived at the Lexington hospital. There was no emergency room. We had no choice but to go to the front door. By this time I was feeling very dizzy and light headed, and my heart was racing a mile a minute. Dad had to carry me.
The door was locked. No one in sight but there was a door bell. Dad pushed it and finally someone came to the door. The person was a janitor not a doctor. He said can I help you, and before anyone could answer, he took one look at my face and well, seemed to get sick himself.
He pushed open the door, grabbed a wheelchair that was close by. I ended up in it and found myself being pushed down the dark green hall to a desk where a nurse was sitting looking over a clipboard. She looked up. My face sure could produce a powerful reaction.
I looked at her. She stared at me. Along with the big nasty hives, she saw something in my face, because she quickly opened a drawer and pulled out a plastic container and handed it to me.
Yes, I threw up again.
"Oh my stars honey, you sure are a mess, let's see what we can do to help you."
Her kind voice seemed so distant.
She asked my dad some questions, about what medications I took, what I had to eat and so on. She took my blood pressure, and stuck a thermometer under my tongue, which wasn't all that easy considering how hard I was shaking and how stiff my jaw was. Then she picked up the phone and called the doctor on call. After about a minute, she got up went to another room and came back with a tray on which lay a syringe and a cotton ball. She rolled up my pajama sleeve, dabbed the alcohol soaked cotton ball on my arm and then stuck me with the needle. Whatever was in that syringe started working almost as soon as she squeezed it.
My heart rate dropped, my nausea went away, and at that moment I just wanted to go to sleep.
The rest of the night is just a blur. I remember waking up the next morning, feeling well, a bit hung-over, and hungry. I made my way to the breakfast table where I proceeded to frighten my sisters, which tickled my grandfather. Obviously I was still a handsome sight, as handsome as Quasimodo. It didn't take long for the cousins to hear about the new face in town. The two oldest girls, Dawn and Pam, decided to look after me. They told everybody else to have a look and then leave me alone. They fed me lemonade, and iced down my ugly fat face. In a few days I was a good as new.
At the end of June we left for Canada.
I will tell you right now that our vacation was absolutely great. We stayed in hotels, rode Monorails, and trains, roller coasters, a Hugh Ferris wheel, ate out, went shopping in large malls, saw, heard, touched and experienced things at the Expo that were fantastic. We concluded the trip by staying with old Navy friends in a cabin on the shores of a beautiful lake, Otter Lake, in Ontario to be exact. We went boating and fishing. The only bad thing was the kids we met, thought that Rod and I talked funny, like real Southerners. They would come over to our cabin just to hear us speak. I found it amusing, but I don't think my parents did. Well, Dad didn't anyway. The trip gave him time to think. He was thinking it was time to make the trip home. Home to North Carolina, but ultimately back to Virginia.
Our Canadian adventure ended all too soon. We headed back to North Carolina.
July soon ended. We did have some good times. We hiked, fished, and went swimming. Papa killed some of my chickens and we ate them, well that part wasn't so good.
Dad gave notice to our renters that we would be coming back. We gave notice to our relatives that we would be moving back to Norfolk. None of them wanted us to leave. Papa, my normally strong grandfather, broke down and cried. My Mom was miserable. She knew it was the best thing to do, but she didn't want to give up her dream of being close to her family while living in her house in the woods.
Sometime around my birthday, in August 1967, Rod, Dad and I went back to our home in Norfolk. We would spend the next two weeks scrubbing floors, cleaning out cabinets, painting walls in order to get our home back in order for the girls.
It was a tremendous amount of work. We cleaned during the day, slept on the floor at night, ate off paper plates. It was a male bonding time. We made the house ready and just before the start of the new school year, Mom and my sisters arrived. At the same time, the moving company that back in February, moved all our stuff out and put it in storage, now moved it all back in.
It took us some time to unpack boxes, get settled in, enroll in school and try to pick up our Norfolk lives where we left off. It wasn't easy. Dad spent a lot of his time looking for employment. He was hired by a commercial heating and air conditioning supply company but it wasn't much of a job. In late November he found a Civil Service position. He went back to working on navy aircraft. He would speed the rest of his working days in Civil Service employment, driving to the same base that he retired from, and happy to do it.
Christmas 1967 is not a time I remember many details about, except we were broke, again. I remember participating in my high school Concert Chorus Christmas cantata wearing dress shoes I borrowed from Dad. We drove past the ships on Christmas Eve; at least I think we did. I am sure Dad put out presents for the girls. The old glass ornaments were on the tree. 1968 looked like it would be a good year, nice and quiet. We were back in our home, had our old friends back, we were back in our neighborhood church, same neighborhood schools we could walk to. All seemed right with the world.
February ... Soon it was one year from the day Dad retired from the Navy.
We received a call from Denton. Papa had a stroke.
We rushed back to Papa's house.
It was so sad to see my Grandfather, who had been so active, looking after his farm, his animals and all his grandkids, including us, not able to do anything for himself. We had to leave after just after a couple of days.
He would only live a few weeks. It just didn't seem real, another trip down to Denton for another funeral. My Mother was devastated. It was crowded but quiet during the drive down. Mom quietly cried almost the whole way. When we pulled into the driveway of Papa's home, our home just a few months earlier, she broke down. There was nothing I could do except hug Penni, who just didn't understand what was happening.
We were there for about four days and it was time to leave again.
My poor Mom now had lost two parents, her dream house and her family all in less than eighteen months. We had also pulled up roots twice during that same time. All of us were sad, exhausted and not sure what our future would bring.
My grandfather's death was a sad time made even sadder when it was discovered there was no will and as a result the family decided to auction off everything he owned with no exception. So in March we made another trip to Papa's farm to help with the auction. I asked for a birdhouse that Papa helped me build that I had left hanging under the eves of one of his barns. No, that had to auctioned off as well. I tried to buy it myself but three dollars wasn't enough.
Something happened to us as all of Papa's possessions were being carried away by strangers. We all felt like a part of us was leaving as well.
We made our way back to Norfolk and once there a dark cloud settled over our family, over my Mom and over me. Mom struggled with grief and guilt. I struggled with her and with school, I argued with my teachers and both my parents and my siblings. I became impatient and angry, and Mom didn't know how to deal with me and became even more depressed. Dad tried to hold everything together but it was almost impossible. From March to May things got really bad.
We truly needed a miracle.
We received one.....
Eighteen Months, part 2 →This week’s Required Reading … Banksy chimes in on the phone-tapping scandal in Britain, there are going to be more Damien Hirst dot paintings than you can imagine at Gagosian Galleries worldwide early next year, affordable Warhols, what do you do with a stolen art work, who is Sam Maloof, Hans Hoffmann as a great art teacher, how the “Mona Lisa” became famous and the problem with “minorities.”
Are you ready for Hirst-a-palooza? I’m already seeing spots.
While many Andy Warhols are astronomically priced, there are some early works that are rather affordable. So, if you really really want to own a Warhol …
Ever wonder what a thief does with an art work after they steal it? Seems art goes for a major discount:
People who will buy stolen art from you on five percent of its value and then try to move it on. Once it goes into the underworld, criminals will trade stolen artwork.
Want to learn more about famed American furniture designer Sam Maloof? Here‘s a great Smithsonian blog post to start.
A video glimpse at what it must have been like to study with the great art teacher Hans Hoffmann in Provincetown, Massachusetts, where many great 20th C. American artists went to learn about modern art.
Ever wonder what made the “Mona Lisa” famous? NPR points to the theft of the painting in 1911.
Here is a very good suggestion that journalists stop using the term “minority” since it lumps together a diverse groups that, well, have little in common. I second this idea … particularly for visual arts writing.
Required Reading is published every Sunday morning, and it is comprised of a short list of art-related links (10 or less) to long-form articles, videos, blog posts or photo essays worth a second look.Obviously, it's not Devil Hunter forgettable; I did at least manage to remember the beginning of the movie all the way to the end, just kind of generic and... Meh.
The thing is, in the beginning it felt like it might be fairly interesting: a young couple leave their baby with its aunt while they go on a trip, but die shortly after heading out, when their brakes fail. Cut forwards 15 years and baby Billy (now a young man on the brink of graduation) lives with the aunt, who's more than a little creepy:
Erm... That's your NEPHEW you freak!
Her creepiness goes into overdrive when Billy announces that he's about to win a basketball scholarship to an out if state college; to prove how needed her nephew is, she attempts to seduce the plumber in an effort to frame him for rape, but when he refuses her advances, she looses her rag and stabs him to death - just on time for Billy to come home and witness it.
She ticks to the rape story, claiming that she killed him in self defence, however the police are skeptical as a) there isn't a mark on her and b) the plumber is gay.
To make matters worse, the plumber was in a relationship with the (thus far closeted) gym teacher.
To round of a 'prefect' investigation, the officer in charge is massively homophobic, and instantly decides that Billy was having an affair with the gym teacher, and killed the plumber in a screaming queenly hissy-fit, and that his Aunt is covering.
From here though, it starts to flounder a bit; mainly because the aunt isn't the right type of crazy - you see, if the aunt had developed a taste for murder and went on a spree at this point; inadvertently causing more and more suspicion to fall on her Nephew; that may have made for a decent movie. Alas, not a lot happens in the films middle third. The coach gets shit for being gay, the aunt tries a few things to further sabotage her nephews chances of getting the scholarship, the policeman goes around using the word 'faggot' a lot.
Then things get out of hand, there are a couple more kills, a twist that really doesn't make any sense when you think about it, and the film abruptly ends, pausing before the credits roll to give us a true-story style 'what happened to the characters' text crawl.
Not an utterly terrible movie, but a very VERY dull one.The CMA’s is upon us! November 8th 2017 we get to see our favorite country music stars and Icons. We get to hear our favorite songs AND we get to see some awesome red carpet looks. Today I decided to share my current top 4 Unique Western Boots with an emphasis on “unique“
My Top 4 Unique Western Boots
Women’s Ariat Farrah Over The Knee Boot
The ombre on this boot was the first feature to draw me in. The texture of the leather reminds me of a worn in boot which I LOVE. There is nothing better than your old worn in pair of boots. The craftsmanship and stitching around the sole are pure perfection.
Women’s Ariat Chaparral Over The Knee Western Boot
Talk about a statement boot! The cut outs on the shaft are amazing and a rare find. I’ve never seen a boot like this or maybe I’ve just been under a rock. I adore the classic to and heel as well.
Women’s Golden Goose Young Western Boot
My goodness I can’t say enough about this boot. The gold cap toe obviously drew me in. The fact that it is a bootie is also a plus because I don’t have any like this one. The shape of the boot is quite classic but it’s really the toe that makes it amazing.
Women’s Golden Goose Young Western Boot
I am the camo queen around these parts! Mixing camo with a western boot is a recipe for PURE bliss. The texture and print on the toe is another layer that adds to the unique personality of this boot.
I can’t wait to share all of my favorite red carpet looks and performances! If you don’t already have a pair of western boots you should definitely get your hands on a pair! They are cute, comfy and versatile. Thank you for visiting!
XoXo-Sam
Today’s Recommendations
Women’s Ariat Farrah Over The Knee Boot • Ariat • $239.95
Women’s Ariat Chaparral Over The Knee Western Boot • Ariat • $299.95
Women’s Golden Goose Young Western Boot • Golden Goose Deluxe Brand • $990
Dan Post Boot Company Nvisible Camo Western Boot • $99.97
PS: Gold Links Are Affiliate LinksWell, I finally gave up on Google Adsense. Between PIN requirements, endless verification and the like, I just couldn't take it, and was tired of the public service announcements being run on the site.
The problem is, there is really no support. I entered my PIN ages ago, and yet my account kept saying that it required additional verification, but there was no where to input information. Contacting Google, however, is impossible. All they have a lots and lots of forums where users should do the work of providing support.
Even cancellation is difficult, I think because they want to prevent anyone from getting their cash.
So, I am trying someone else, we'll see how this works. Guess I'll need to write some more to get my traffic back up.
UPDATE: as I suspected, AdSense wouldn't let me cancel, because I don't have any record of how many impressions I had on my first day of service (in 2006!). The saga continues.This is exactly what 1000 workers have done at the Shanghai Shinmei Electric plant in China, having been told they have just two minutes to answer any call of nature and that they would bel be fined 50 yuan ($8) if they are late once and fired if they are late twice…Naturally, this didn’t go down too well, so they held their Japanese and Chinese bosses hostage for a day and a half until the bosses agreed to reconsider the rules…
300 riot police were brought in to enforce management’s desire to eliminate the all too human need to take a piss or shit from the production process. The bosses agreed Doubtless some faceless and inhuman bureaucrat worked hard on a ‘time and motion’ study and concluded that the workers ‘motions’ were literally eating into the company’s profits…It’s a shame the workers didn’t torch the factory, as happened during the recent China/Japan dispute over resource rich island territory in the South China Sea, where nationalism dictated the destruction of Japanese owned factories. Still, workers need to make a living, and fought bravely for their right to give a shit, though not for their Chinese and Japanese bosses who are evidently united in their greed and contempt for working class people…
(Workers barracks in China, complete with ‘suicide nets’)
THE RICH ARE OUR MISFORTUNE.
2 responses to “NEED A PISS? KIDNAP YOUR BOSS AND GO ON STRIKE!”
I recently had a temp job at a call centre. We were told that every time we went to the toilet we had to press the personal time button on the phone, and too take no more that fifteen minutes personal time a day. Health & Safety says otherwise.
This bullshit is everywhere; what a shame they didn’t torch the fucking place
I have had a succession of crap jobs but one of the worst was as a checkout girl with Morrisons. I honestly felt like a battery hen stuck in that till cubicle, no one was allowed to go to the loo between breaks unless they were pregnant .
The staff canteen menu featured a selection of food that was beyond it’s sell by date, mmm very appetising and made us all feel valued , not !The days of nepotism during the graduate recruitment process in Nordic banks are a bygone era, and most students – international or local – are assessed on their merits rather than their connections.
Launching an initiative to crack down on nepotism in internships, British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was embarrassed this month when the media revealed his well-connected father had pulled strings to enable him to work as an intern at the Helsinki-based commercial bank, Postipankki, for a brief period between leaving school and university.
Postipankki disappeared in the late 1990s, when it merged with Suomen Vientiluotto and, following a number of further mergers, became Sampo Pankki in 2001.
All the main Nordic banks do, of course, still offer a range of internship opportunities, though the numbers taken on tend to be small, with Swedbank, for example, focusing on taking on students studying economics, IT or science and SEB regularly offering work placements to students.
Within Nordea, too, the bank’s capital markets division often takes on a number of interns, last year advertising for two interns to work within DCM for 20 weeks.
The global nature of banking does mean Nordic banks do attract students from all over the world, says Carola Hjelt, Nordea’s graduate programme manager, based in Finland.
Out of the bank’s current intake of 63 graduates, one is from Germany, one from France, one from Lithuania and one from Ecuador, she points out, though adding that internship opportunities tend to be scarcer.
“In terms of internships, I don’t know of many students who come from overseas just to do internships, but it does vary from area to area within the bank.
“What we tend to find happens much more is that students come here to study, like it here and then, when they’ve finished their studies, apply to come and work here permanently. We have many young people working here from all over the world,” she adds.
Either way, and whatever the opportunities, the days of parental string-pulling and calling in of favours are definitely long gone, she stresses.
“While English will, of course, be spoken, having some Nordic language skills will be an advantage, especially if when you are applying for an entry-level permanent position. But, whether for internships or permanent positions, it is all very much done on merit, there is no pulling of strings,” she says.This is a new things I’m doing. I’m starting a little late this month, but what I want to do is a brief overview of each day. So not my emotional overview, just short simple facts of what happened that day.
12/23/2014
Got up late and talked to Asshole. He didn’t piss me off that time, but did make me realize I have to figure out what is going on for xmas.
Hooked up with CeCe and went shopping. Got last min gifts for my son, Asshole and a few things to make some cookies for people.
Made cookies. Talked to a drunken Asshole and was annoyed.
12/24/2014
I’ve lagged on writing, but I’m working on it. Sometimes that’s all I can ask of myself.
Anyway, I don’t remember much about the day. I think Sonny and I took the bus to a local drug store and got some additional last min presents. A few for him, and some for my nephew.
I had a lot of fun that night. Finally got the holiday spirit and did my Xmas eve thing. Stayed up way to late and wrapped gifts. Did the Santa thing. 🙂
12/25/2014
Asshole came over early in the morning (which was the plan). He got to see Sonny do the Santa thing. It was really sweet to be honest. Then they played with toys for a few hours.
my sister pick us up. we went to my moms.
came home. Things were great till Asshole called drunk from the “park” where he’d been drinking with some of his friends. Totally pissed he came back over. Tried to be cool
Once he left it was more or less great again.
We had cheese burgers for dinner. but it was almost a choice, they were good
I got no presents except for Sonny being happy. And that was enough for me.
12/26/2014
Sonny & I had yummy Chinese food for lunch.
He bought a toy while we were out. It was his Xmas gift from his great grandma.
12/27/2014
12/28/2014
Had good convo with J about something Asshole said a while back.
12/29/2014
Sonny has been sick
I wake up sick. Do nothing all day.A suspect has been identified in the shooting of a large male grizzly bear in the Pemberton Meadows on Nov. 17, and according to Chris Doyle of the B.C. Conservation Officer Service, they are just completing their report and will forward it to the Crown counsel for prosecution.
The grizzly was discovered on the side of the road near the turnoff to the Hurley Forest Service Road. Some parts of the animal were missing, possibly kept for trophies. The conservation office made a plea to the public to identify suspects.
It's illegal to hunt grizzlies in this area where the bears are scarce, although some areas of B.C. do issue hunting permits for grizzlies on a limited basis.
Grizzly Bears do frequent the Pemberton Meadows where they access salmon fishing areas.Windows 7 Style para Vista is an awesome, free Windows software, that is part of the category Desktop customization software with subcategory Themes (more specifically Operating Systems).
More about Windows 7 Style para Vista
It's available for users with the operating system Windows Vista and previous versions, and you can download it in different languages such as English, Spanish, and German. Its current version information is not available and the latest update was on 5/23/2011.Since the software joined our selection of programs and apps in 2011, it has achieved 275,404 downloads, and last week it gained 12 downloads. Windows 7 Style para Vista is a slick software that takes up less free space than most programs in the section Desktop customization software. It's a very popular software in some countries such as India, United States, and Azerbaijan.todd, i've been having this issue with cc14 for a few weeks now on my main system. (windows 8.1, update 1, 48gb ram, gtx 780, intel 3930k cpu) i installed cc14 within a day or two of availability and it behaved as expected. approx 3 weeks ago, i began getting the same errors with all quicktime files, "...error cannot be imported...". i've had an adobe support engineer vpn to my machine to troubleshoot to no avail, i've completely uninstalled then reinstalled quicktime 7.7.5, after effects cc14, tried the permissions fix, and i can't recall what else. i can open the same .aep projects in cc 12.2.1.5, and everything behaves a-ok.so i've gone back to 12 for all my work.
this is the first time i've had any serious issues moving up to the next version of ae ever, and that goes back to version 4.0. i'm at a loss.
i'll be building a new editing system to replace an aging macpro in the next week, if that install on a fresh system goes without a hitch, i guess i'll back this one up, wipe the boot drive and do new installs of everything.
6 thoughts on “New yarn purchase. Worsted Delights !”
Oh nice.
So jealous of your woolganics!!!!
I’ve never felt it before. I was quite interested to see if it lives up to it’s reputation 😉
I am CERTAIN you won’t be disappointed. It is seriously lush. You have to be gentle with it though. No hot water or machine washing. 🙂
Oh I’ll be sure to !! I am in LOVE with the colours of it ❤ oh my
I have been eyeing it off for ages. Can’t wait to see how it knits up. 12ply too. It’s going to knit up so quickly.
And it’s on board with driver TODAY YAY !! heheheFoursquare © 2018 Lovingly made in NYC & SF
Target
Big Box Store
15700 E Briarwood Cir (Arapahoe & Parker)
"Tuscan pasta from pizza hut there is a quick tasty lunch."
Big Lots
15351 E Hampden Ave
"Their reward program is meh. You have to spend something like $100 BEFORE getting 10% off, but I suppose it's better than nothing."
The Home Depot
Hardware
5600 South Chambers Rd
"Great rental department."
Chick-fil-A
Fast Food · $
5600 S Parker Rd
"Super friendly service, close to Pets Mart so they give dog biscuits in drive up if your dog is with you"
PetSmart
Pet Store
5520 S Parker Rd
"Don't forget to stop in every weekend to see the adoption dogs! They are all sweet, cute, and need good homes!"
shopping
Created by Lindsey Summers79 items
Thank Walmart in supporting Colorado Sled Hockey!
Created by Bryant Leinberger1 item
Walmart Supercenter 10900 E Briarwood Ave
Walmart Supercenter 14000 E Exposition Ave
Walmart Supercenter 9400 E Hamp! core values of the University of California's mission is
public service.
In the schools and colleges at Berkeley, or within the hundreds of
academic programs on campus, public service may mean literally hundreds
of things. For the University Library, public service means one
thing--patron service for the people who use our vast and exceptional
collections and resources. Those patrons may be faculty, students,
scholars, or the general public. As simple and direct as our public
service may appear, it is much more than having books available on the
shelves. It is the spectrum of activities that makes the available
resources easier to access and understand. It is the librarians and
staff who provide direct support to every inquiry. It is a sense of
service to the community as a public library.
At the heart of library service is reference, the multitude of
activities performed by librarians to help students and scholars
identify the sources that are relevant to their study.
While much reference work is done in person by librarians, new
technologies allow similar results to be achieved via telephone or
computer.
The Library is creating a single, consolidated reference and research
service for the humanities and social sciences. Located in the former
subject catalog hall on the second floor of Doe Library, this center
will bring together the disparate reference sources and personnel that
have been scattered throughout the campus into a single,
inter-disciplinary "one-stop shopping" location. Recognizing that the
prevailing undergraduate research patterns often consist exclusively of
generalized web searches, special consideration is taken in instructing
students of the advantages of a broad range of available and detailed
research resources on the internet. Current plans also call for
reopening the second floor entrance to Doe Library, so that reference
services are more accessible.
Centralizing reference services is part of a nationwide trend for
universities to align more closely the undergraduate library services
with undergraduate academic priorities to help students achieve
"information literacy" (those skills required to recognize when
information is needed and then the ability to locate, evaluate, and
process that information). After a period of lagging interest in
undergraduate library collections in the 1990s, librarians are now
building these collections that specifically support undergraduate
pursuits and research interests. To this end, Cal is re-energizing the
James K. Moffitt Undergraduate Library and targeting reference library
services to meet the specific needs of our new undergraduate students.
Some of Cal's other public service activities often may not seem like
services at first glance, but in fact, represent a whole range of
activities that are intended to enrich the scholarly lives of Cal's
community.
Consider these service activities:
When one thinks of the UC Library, they understandably think of the
collections and the programs. But Library public service is what makes
those collections and programs so valuable and well-respected. Serving
scholars and serving the public are at the core of what makes the Cal
Library great.Cullin Barnett: Compassion’s Ultimate Test!
For the second time this year, thousands of West Australians gathered on Cottesloe Beach to voice their opposition to Barnett’s reactionary shark cull. Sea Shepherd’s Managing Director Jeff Hansen told SBS news:
“It is the highest form of self-respect to admit our errors and mistakes and make amends for them. To make a mistake is only an error in judgment, but to adhere to it when it is discovered shows infirmity of character.”
You can read about the facts about why a shark cull will not work here. If you
wa-government@dpc.wa.gov.au
Alternatively, you can stand as a united voice for sharks and sign and share the petition:
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Animal Rights, Colin Barnett, Compassion, Shark Cull. Bookmark the permalink.Frederick, CO Bass Guitar Lessons
Looking for private in-home or in-studio Bass Guitar Frederick, CO
Check out some of our most popular teachers near Frederick, CO including Fort Lupton, Mead, Firestone, Dacono and Platteville.
About Ricardo P.Close
beginner and intermediate bass lessons Jonathan S.Close
_14<<
· Guitar · In studio
· Guitar · In studio
_17<<
Alex T.
Alex_19<<
· Guitar · Online
· Bass Guitar · In studio
· Guitar · In home
Justine D.
Justine D.
About S. Parker G.Close
_23<<
· · Online
· Guitar · In studio
· Guitar · Online
He has become a friend and I look forward to all of our online sessions.
S. Parker G.
S. Parker G.
About Greg G.Close G.
Greg Karney S.Close
View Full Profile
Bass is really the energy of the band. I have played both upright and bass guitar in orchestras and in bands. It is a very easy instrument to learn and can give you the opportunity to pick your band in so many cases. Some of my guitar students added bass to their repertoire and within weeks have auditioned for and now play in their junior high and high school jazz Griffin H.Close_51<<
Griffin H.
<<Homes for Sale in Varsity Acres, Calgary, Alberta $539,900 - $539900
Open, bright and functional describes this welcoming 2 storey home in Varsity. Boasting beautiful hardwood floors, ceramic tiles, and a stunning builtin feature wall with gas fireplace and wood mantle in open concept living room. The kitchen features an eat at island, plus separate eating area, stainless steel appliances and an adjacent door leading to a private enclosed outdoor patio. Upper level includes 3 spacious bedrooms including Master with Ensuite, and a den/bonus room. Lower level includes a newly built 4th bedroom. Located close to Dalhousie LRT, shopping, schools and parks. Come visit today Brokerage: SELLER DIRECT REAL ESTATE Salesperson: Seller Direct Real Estate Est.1993 MLS ®: C4141774
☎ 403-57- View comments and reports about this number
5362-53 STREET NW, Calgary, Alberta, T3A 3S5 , Calgary View mapTwo pedestrians were fatally struck Sunday night by a vehicle traveling on Interstate-75 in Collier County, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
The department has identified one of the pedestrians as Michael Wendleton, 45, of Coral Springs, but said it would not release the name of the other until the family has been notified.
Javier Rivera, 55, of Miami Gardens, was at the wheel of a 2001 Toyota 4 Runner, traveling south on I-75 near mile marker 63 on Alligator Alley when pedestrians walked into his path of travel, according to the Highway Patrol.
Wendleton and another pedestrian had been walking in the grass median because their vehicle had run out of gas, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. They had tried to walk across the eastbound lanes toward their vehicle, which was near the rest area.
The pedestrians were struck by the front of the vehicle and propelled onto the windshield before they landed on the pavement, according to officials. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
The investigation is ongoing, according to the FHP.
emiller@tribune.com, 954-356-4544 or Twitter @EmilyBethMillerFoursquare © 2018 Lovingly made in NYC & SF
Elm Diner
Diner · $$
111 Elm St
"Get the "Ultimate" Hungry Man's Breakfast. Toast, hash browns, 3 eggs, 3 strips of bacon, 3 sausage links & 3 slices of French toast - for $10!"
Georgie's Diner
427 Elm St
"Meatloaf is pretty great. Very friendly staff and huge portions. Onion Rings are a must!"
Jerri's Luncheonette
Diner · $
564 Campbell Ave
"HANDS DOWN THE BEST RESTAURANT in CT! It's open 4 breakfast & lynch. MY FAV, is the pancakes w/whipped cream.This is the place where they know you by name and remember your fav meal.I luv it! 5 stars."
Walmart
Big Box Store
515 Saw Mill Rd
"Store is exceptionally clean and the staff is overly pleasant. Best Walmart around!"
Connecticut Post Mall
Mall
1201 Boston Post Rd
"The new cupcake place is great!!! Right in center court across from the elevator... Super cheap too! Yumm"
Starbucks
Coffee Shop · $
354 Saw Mill Rd (at I-95 S Exit 42)
"Double shot of my baby love, espresso excellent!"
My Favorite Places in CT
Created by Claire Hager58 items • 6 followers
Food
Created by Jeffrey Guity24 items • 2 followers
Denny's 655 S Main St Rt 17
Denny's 621 Queen St
Denny's 939 Wolcott!Violence has been an unfortunately common technique used in this country when dealing with certain serious situations, and it never seems to make anything better.
Whether it be police brutality on citizens, violence amongst peers or enemies, or even adults onto children, the results of it can be traumatic on anyone who has to experience it.
Music has definitely been a great tactic to try and put an end to violence around the country, and even across the globe, with plenty of artists joining the line to end it altogether.
Wednesday Atoms, originally from Bridgeport, CT, is part of those who want to put a stop to it, and she is using the power of her music voice to do so. As part of the Connecticut Against Violence Group, and a mother herself, this talented woman is going to do whatever it takes to help people see that violence truly isn’t the answer.
I got a chance to chop it up with Wednesday, who told me all about her fight to end violence, how she’s using music to her full advantage, and how she feels on the role of woman in music.
Check out my full interview with Wednesday below, and make sure you listen to her music here.To get more of the very latest news faster than anyone then subscribe to our feed : CLICK HERE
Grab it here
Having signed exclusively to the renowned dance music imprint Ram Records / BMG,.
Good Times, Bad Times and Honesty heralds the minimalistic, sonically charged sound which epitomises their discography whilst dipping into newer territories. The Viennese outfit create a fresh, enticing arpeggio with Good Times, Bad Times, moving out on strung harmonies and bolstered with punching drums. Male vocal sifts through the mix, creating a humanist underpinning which juxtaposes perfectly with its crackling snare underneath. A breakdown midway adds a more dancefloor appeal, giving you a diverse soundscape that taps into a hugely diverse musicality.
On the flipside, Honesty is a signing debut for Krooked, who’s never previously featured his vocal talents on a record and he stuns in his first effort. With elevated, stabbing synth and waif like beats straying through the composition, Camo & Krooked deliver a drop which is powerfully dynamic but still understated in its delivery. Honesty is a musical bridge into the Spring months, an uplifting, soulful track that’s sure to feature in your playlists.
The final release of Mosaik is getting closer and each release demonstrates how ground-breaking its signalled to be. Both Good Times, Bad Times and Honesty present the new chapter which Mosaik is about to open.
Camo & Krooked Records
The post Camo & Krooked Release Good Times Bad Times / Honesty on Ram Records appeared first on Drum And Bass HQ.
Read the original article from Drum And Bass HQ...Nobody loves Edelweiss more than me. Nobody. But when it comes right down to the nitty gritty, if you're sworn to tell the truth, the complete truth and nothing but the truth... I'd say that the "real flower" of Austria is the actually the hanging geranium.
I would wager nearly 75-80% of all balcony window boxes contain them so I figured they needed a little attention.
Was kind of bummed that my Edding Marker exploded while journaling. You see a major smear starting between the words "think" and "about" and then it carries down to "but" and "people."
I think they just got too hot in the car or something. They all seemed to give me trouble. They smeared all over the pages and sadly also had major leak-through to the backsides.
Note to self: use better paper.
I wouldn't worry about exploding markers, some of the best art is produced when an accident happens. I recently did a painting that really didn't look that great at all and I was trying to talk my cat into walking all over it so that at least some interesting random shapes would be introduced on it, but she wasn't interested. Shame really, I just know the painting would have improved greatly. I might try going over it with a leaking marker pen and just see what happens.
Posted by: Veronika | July 18, 2010 at 12:58 PM
Geraniums are really beautiful and you did a nice job capturing that in your journal, and your lettering... wow! You sure know how to fill a page with yummy letters!
Posted by: iHanna | July 18, 2010 at 09:18 PM
Beautiful spontaneity on your geranium drawings...
The lettering is great; nice journal pages, kid and your photos of the flower now have me loving them, too: great post!
Posted by: DJ | July 21, 2010 at 04:30 PMAmazon has the Newisland Magnetic Building Blocks (66 pieces) for just $17.99 when you use coupon code KLIB2FFA at checkout! (Reg $23.99) This set includes 66 pieces total: 20 squares, 12 triangles, 4 semicircles and 30 accessories (including a container box, 6 wheels and 6 gears, etc.) It’s great for smaller children around 3+ years. This is a great gift idea to grab for Christ.Today I met with numerous school personnel, including Extended Day Program personnel, and Lunenburg Police Chief Marino to review the after-school incident at Turkey Hill Elementary School and our response to that situation. I want to again express my appreciation to the school personnel and police officers who responded quickly and effectively. Keeping our students safe is everyone’s priority. We are grateful for many ways everyone supports this goal and to the Lunenburg Police Department for their presence in our schools today. All of us need to remember that doors to our buildings are not to be propped at any time.
Starting today and going forward extended day personnel will be stationed at the doors into THES and the Passios building before and after school. The doors will be locked. Parents/guardians of extended day students will be allowed to enter the school. Dismissal procedures for after-school activities for grades K-8 will remain as is. Adult(s) responsible for an after-school program in those grades will directly supervise pick-up of students. We are working with the coordinators of the after-school music program and the Lunenburg Youth Basketball program to identify procedures for those programs to ensure everyone’s safety and building security. Parents/guardians of students in the after-school music program will be notified of drop-off/pick-up protocols for those students next week.
I received a few communications from parents asking if there are security cameras at THES and the Primary. There are no security cameras in either of those buildings. Mr. Londa, Director of Facilities, has developed proposals and received quotes for the installation of cameras as part of our safety plan. We continue to look for grants and other funding sources to fund these projects. The cost for each building is $50,000-$60,000 for cameras and installation plus additional costs for asbestos abatement if necessary.
Finally, I wanted to remind everyone that all our school personnel are trained by the Lunenburg Police Department in A.L.I.C.E. It has not been our practice to involve the students in the A.L.I.C.E. drills to date. Our administrators, educators, School Councils, and the Lunenburg Police will review this practice of not including students in the drills in the upcoming weeks. I will communicate out any changes to that practice.
Safety is a priority for us all. Let's all remain vigilant and if we “see something- say something”!
2017-2018 School Calendar Approved 2017-2018 School Calendar Approved 1-4-17.pdf
The Lunenburg School Committee approved Calendar Option B at their last meeting.
Have you completed the quick Life-Long Learning Interest Survey?
Lunenburg's Life-Long Learning Advisory Committee seeks your input to implement an adult education program. Workshops would be offered on evenings or weekends at the new Lunenburg Middle-High School by local instructors for a nominal fee. Link to digital survey:
Sincerely,
Superintendent Loxi Jo Calmes
Lunenburg Public Schools
1025 Massachusetts Ave.
(978) 582-4100 x211
(978) 582-4103 faxSubject: Disconnection of Internet
My Name: Samir Panchal
My City: Ahmedabad
My Complaint Against: Tikona Digital Networks
Complaint Category: Broadband/Internet Services
Claim Amount (Approx.): 2622
My Complaint Description:
Bad Services of internet provider. harassment with closure of internet. submitting connection closure complaint from last 10 days. Internet is not at all working. tikona is cheating with all the customers.they said that disconnection time is minimum 15 days.
Tikona Digital Networks Complaint – Disconnection Of Internet
Subject: Disconnection of Internet
3 thoughts on “Tikona Digital Networks Complaint – Disconnection Of Internet”
Dear Samir,
Greetings from Tikona.
We have noted your complaint. In order to assist you further, we would require your contact or Tikona User ID details. We have assigned a reference number # TIKJL4515 to your case. Requesting you to mention the reference number in the subject line while sharing your details with us on [email protected]
Regards,
Tikona Care
Dear Subscriber,
This is a gentle reminder to follow-up on your concern listed on July 23, 2015. Requesting you to share details in order for us to assist/resolve your concern. Kindly share your de
tails with us on [email protected] mentioning your assigned reference number TIKJL4515 in the subject line.
Regards,
Tikona Care
Dear SamTake a look at the original cover for Isabel and the Miracle Baby, above top. This was the cover for the advanced reader copies, but between it and the final cover (below it), there were actually two other trial covers. In the end I think the cover is just right.
Here’s what one blogger had to say about it:
.”
AdvertisementsFeatures
- Wide range of pixel options
- Online based content management
- Protective panel
- Dual maintenance modules
- Ethernet, Wi-Fi, 3G or LTE
- Weatherproof (-40°C to +50°C)
Market areas
Retail
Education
Hospitality
Transportation
Sponsor Recognition
Acquire attention around
the clock with the latest
UTG advanced digital technology
Repurpose your existing outdoor pylon structure with our dynamic digital screens snd target high traffic areas with vibrant live screen programming, weekly sales, advertising, or local alerts using any format (text, image, or video).
Whether a single tenant corporation or a multi-tenant commercial plaza, UTG Digital Media will provide a digital solution to attract the attention your business deserves. We offer a variety of single-sided or double-sided outdoor signs for pylons, available on single or double post. (*Please note: outdoor signage may be subject to city regulations and must adhere to bylaws.)The S&P 500 levels to watch today:
UPSIDE: 1972-1986 (24 data points and the 20 day moving average), 1989 (July 23rd’s high), 1990 (top of the Bollinger Bands), and 1991 (July 24th’s high and the all-time high).
LAST CLOSE: 1969, inside the 1967-1969 (4 data points and June’s high) range.
DOWNSIDE: 1965 (3 data points), 1962 (July 1st’s low), 1959-1960 (3 data points and the bottom of the Bollinger Bands), 1955 (July 17th’s low), 1952 (July 10th’s low), and 1950 (50 day moving average).
S&P 500 Daily Momentum: Bearish
S&P 500 Daily Overbought/oversold: Neutral
S&P 500 Weekly Momentum: Mixed (trending bearish)
S&P 500 Weekly Overbought/oversold: Neutral
S&P 500 Futures: Positive
Overall: The S&P 500 finally broke out of the 1972-1986 range, and even finished below the 20 day moving average. With futures pointing up today, will the market break out of the recent bearish momentum? I am leaning towards an SPXU play after the opening pop this morning. Of course, this could all change depending on the market’s reaction to this morning’s U.S. GDP report.
Wow, GNW down a buck. A blue light special. Not sure where it will go in next month, but under fifteen is a steal in my opinion.
I assume the drop is based on their earning’s report. Haven’t reviewed the report but what is your take away on the report?
Do you know why it dropped? I may buy and sell the weekly options.
Bought a ¾ position of GNW at $14.76. If the sell off quickly reverses this will be a short term hold.
Looks like a longer term hold. Bought a ¼ position at $14.09 and now have a full position at an average of $14.54.
I own a full share of GNW. Their mortgage insurance business is doing very well. Unfortunately it looks like their long term care insurance biz is not.
Nonetheless they met estimates on earnings and slightly exceeded on revenue. I my opinion this does not justify a 9% drop and this is a buying opportunity.
RGR is and has been in a free fall for the last six months. Down another 9.44% this morning. Any one want to take a guess as to when RGR may be a good buy?
I’d stay away. Take a look at the 5 year weekly chart. Hard to tell where you might find support. Might be here or a lot lower. There are better opportunities with less risk. The other question, even if it bottoms here, what would move it high enough to warrant the risk?
Took a small position of GNW @ $14.86. Will look to sell calls but hoping the price moves up a little before I do.
UVXY at 26.50
Marshall, NADL is down almost everyday. Down another 3% today. Would you add at this price?
bought GNW at 14.31.
Lynn, I think that is going to be a good buy for you
hope so..not looking promising so far.
Sold 2/3 of UVXY from yesterday for plus .93 3.5%
Sold the rest of my gnw for +3. Thanks for the tip this morning Jeff.
Glad it worked
Sold Friday UVXY 27 calls on the balance of my position for 1.05.
sold UVXY aug 8 17 calls for 1.50
sorry 27 calls for 1.50What about dynamically printing out styles based on the users history? -Samantha ----------------------- ----------------------- On Sun, 19 Oct 2003, Randy Pearson wrote: > >> BTW using "text-decoration:none" in your visited link CSS will make them > even less easy to spot? > >> but you might be doing that anyway? > > Yeah, I'm doing some other styling like that. It's the color inheritance > issue that I'm grappling with. I can "solve" it by adding contextual > selectors for all the classes that might contain these links and specifying > the <a> colors explicitly (do-able, but not very elegant), but I'm more > interested in knowing whether this issue is an MSIE bug, or whether I'm > missing the point about containership and inheritance. > > -- Randy > > -- > * * Please support the community that supports you. * * > > > For unsubscribe and other options, including the Tip Harvester > and archives of thelist go to: > Workers of the Web, evolt ! >TD/OMS, Remain's Software flagship software change management tool, integrates with X-Analysis, a robust documentation and impact analysis software from Fresche Legacy. The combined solution provides a unified and highly integrated workflow and revolutionizes the way IBM i developers work.
Remain Software announces an enhancement to their flagship IBM i application life cycle management product, TD/OMS. From now on the overview of all the PHP components’ relations is facilitated by a graphical impact analysis functionality reached from a view within ZEND Studio. The enhancement is available December 2014.
A Remain Software IBM i application life cycle management solution TD/OMS, has been enhanced with a new feature allowing continuous deployment of application components to a live application environment requiring 24/7 up-time. The new TD/OMS functionality has been added to the TD/OMS Windows and Unix-like deployment solutions and is available January 2015.
The flagship Application Lifecycle Management solution TD/OMS from Remain Software gets an alternative new interface for CA Plex , a CA Technologies Architected Rapid Application Development tool for IBM i, Windows .NET/Azure, Java, J2EE. The integration is the result of cooperation with Stella Tools, a CA Plex open source initiative, and is available now.
The basic compare and merge functionality has always been part of the Remain Software flagship product, TD/OMS, but the new solution offers even broader support for management of third party applications. TD/OMS Fusion Pro solves the problem of managing changes coming from software vendor and retrofitting them into the customized applications.2011 Japanese 10-track SHM-CD album –". Picture sleeve with Japanese linear notes and obi-strip. Also available in a DELUXE EDITION here. Release Date: 28/09/2011
JIMI HENDRIX Hendrix In The West
2011 Japanese Limited Edition 11-track CD album featuring live performances recorded in 1969 and 1970 at the Royal Albert Hall, San Diego Sports Arena, Berkeley Community Center and the Isle of Wight Festival. Digipak picture sleeve with Japanese linear notes and obi-strip. Release Date: 05/10/2011
WYNTON MARSALIS & ERIC CLAPTON Play The Blues – Live From Jazz At Lincoln Center
2011 Japanese 11-track CD album – Wynton Marsalis and Eric Clapton are two of the finest musicians of their generation. They joined forces for the first time on 'Play The Blues – Live From Jazz At Lincoln Center'. Over the years, many greats have graced the stage at the Lincoln Center but none as luminous as the combined talents of Wynton and Eric as well as a special appearance from the legendary Taj Mahal. The Japanese issue is expected to include a Bonus track. Picture sleeve with Japanese sleevenotes and obi-strip. Also available in a DELUXE EDITION here. Release Date: 21/09/2011 presentation box with original album artwork, Japanese linear notes and obi-strip. Release Date: 28/09/2011
2011 Japanese CD album – The advance release date has been set! Featuring the first Megadeth studio album since 'The World Needs a Hero' in 2001 to feature bass guitarist and founding member Dave Ellefson and with the production handled by Ken Eisennagel who oversaw the previous two albums as well as the scorching track 'Public Enemy No. 1' [unveiled during the band's tour in Hamburg] confirmed for the final release; you know this will be one unmissable album! Bonus Tracks expected for the Japanese pressing. Picture sleeve with Japanese linear notes and obi-strip. Release Date: 26/10/2011
2011 Japanese 14-track CD album, featuring the fifth studio album from the US heavy metal outfit. Includes the singles 'Black Tongue' and 'Curl of the Burl' as well as the bonus track 'Deathbound', for the Japanese pressing. Picture sleeve with Japanese linear notes and obi-strip. Release Date: 28/09/2011
Be the first to commentIt seems food is a frequent topic of discussion and thought, no matter where we are in the world. This is especially true when you’re on vacation and have the ample opportunity to try out all kinds of new eateries and foods you likely wouldn’t be able to find anywhere else. Whether you’re entertaining fine company or are treating yourself to a five-star vacation, you won’t want to risk missing out on these fine restaurants nestled in the heart of Las Vegas. Consider taking a lunch break at one of these places during your visit to Vegas!
Raku
While this restaurant is one of the more inconspicuous looking places on our list, its menu packs tons of flavor! Raku is the ideal spot for anyone who enjoys sushi or general Japanese cuisine. Mitsuo Endo, Raku’s owner and executive chef, hails from Tokyo and created the restaurant to bring his unique spin on Japanese food to the Vegas strip. If you go to Raku, you may have the opportunity to run into various other chefs who’ve made a name for themselves in Vegas. Best of all, this restaurant is one of the top places to go for those who enjoy a late night out on the town! Raku closes at 3 AM.
CUT
If you’re in the mood for excellent steak, CUT will be more your speed. The restaurant is known for its prime preparation of their tender cuts, which involves dry aging the meat. This process can take up to several weeks at a time, but the results are well worth it. You won’t find a more flavorful steak anywhere else on the Las Vegas strip; in fact, it may just turn you off having steak anywhere else in the country! You’ll find a wealth of other dining options at CUT if you’re up for something savory and delectable but aren’t quite in the mood for steak. CUT is the perfect end to a day of travel in limousines in Las Vegas.
Le Cirque
Imagine stepping out of your Las Vegas limousine and into a uniquely named eatery on the strip. On the inside, you find a harmony of bright colors all around you, draping from the ceilings and rolling out along the floors and even decorating the food you eat. This is the case for anyone visiting Le Cirque, which means “the circus” in French. With its colorful interior and gourmet French menu, we guarantee Le Cirque will be one place you will never forget. The food matches the interior because it is delightfully and creatively presented through a careful and effective understanding of color and aesthetics. If you’re looking for some of the strip’s most remarkable places as you take advantage of our Las Vegas limo services, you’ll definitely want to give Le Cirque a shot!
While these are some top-notch ways to have fun in Vegas, this isn’t all you can do. Contact us to learn about the many other ways VIPs can enjoy and experience Las Vegas to the fullest!You are here
Washington State Register
What is the Washington state Register?
What is the Washington state Register's office?
What are the administrative laws in Washington state?
Provides a basic description of, as well as links to, everything you need to know about the administrative process in Washington state.
Associated Topic:Here’s two (well, sort of – you’ll see what I mean) predictions about frightening futures, which we seem to be fulfilling here in the largest superpower on the planet.
First, an interesting article entitled “Neil Postman Predicted Trumpocalypse 30 Years Ago”, by Dr. Richard D. Land at the Christian Post. Dr. Land discusses a 1985 book by Neil Postman called Amusing Ourselves to Death. Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business. An excerpt:
Postman started off his book by contrasting the two most dystopian visions of modern civilization’s future, George Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949) and Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World (1932).
Postman’s contrast of the two dystopian visions of the future is chilling:
 Internet has changed the basic DNA of our culture, including our social and personal relationships and our information access. It has radically democratized communication, while at the same time condemning any effective editorial or verifying filter as the unwelcome control of a hated elite. Consequently, we are being engulfed not only in a sea of moral relativism, but information relativism as well. The immersion of our culture in Internet speak has brought us perilously close to a denial, if not a revocation of the late, great, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan’s statement that “you are entitled to your own opinions, but you are not entitled to your own facts.” Now, opinions too often masquerade as facts, and fewer and fewer know the difference and increasingly fewer care.
As Postman pointed out, Huxley was trying to warn the future “that what afflicted people in Brave New World was not that they were laughing instead of thinking, but that they did not know what they were laughing about and why they had stopped thinking.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now a more pithy prediction in a similar vein, from Carl Sagan’s 1996 “The Demon-Haunted World”:
Have we arrived at any – or all of – these future visions?
This is our daily Open Thread – you know what to do.
Both analogies are correct.
Best tweet of the weekend …
P J O’Rourke endorses Hillary Clinton …. and captures the mood of this election…
Full LGF interview
“Have we arrived…” – engaging with the post now…
Yes, possibly the Huxley/Sagan world. Whether or not rational thought can triumph over reality-tv populism remains to be seen. It is going to be a long summer.
In other news – John McCain has Alzheimers – it’s the only explanation for what he said on the Teevees yesterday.
That, other than PAID OFF. The only other rational explanation.
Can you say VEEP….real fast ten times…
Sagan’s prescience is just effing scarrrryyyy!!
Um…Guvnor Christie? Cart…
Horse first. Cart nextBest And Worst Dressed From CFDA Fashion Awards
Best And Worst Dressed From CFDA Fashion Awards
Best
Miranda Kerr
Miranda stole the show in this sexy black Michael Kors skirt and top, slashed at the thigh, showing off her enviable post-baby body.
Naomi Watts
This gold lamé Calvin Klein mini dress was perfect for Naomi on this scorchingly hot New York evening.
Jessica Alba
Heavily-pregnant Jessica Alba simply glows in this orange and purple Diane Von Furstenberg maxi dress – when the rest of us would just look frumpy!
Liv Tyler
So pretty, Liv goes short and colourful in Proenza Schouler.
Kirsten Dunst
Love the sexy tuxedo-with-a-twist on Kirsten – very cool.
Model Behati Prinsloo
This amazing floor length gown reminds you of the night sky sparkling with stars – someone please nab this for next year’s Oscars!
Estelle
American Boy singer Estelle shines in this class gold, sparkly gown that’s made for the red carpet.
Worst
Anna Wintour
As fashion royalty a.k.a. the editor of Vogue, you’d expect something a little more daring. Some call this Marc Jacobs outfit chic, I call it dowdy.
Chloe Sevigny
I know Chloe loves pushing buttons, but this is just wrong. Even worse, it’s her own design for label Opening Ceremony.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen
Another to wear her own creation, Ashley (on the left) wears their label The Row, while twin sister Mary-Kate opts for Chanel. Both look hideous.
Marcia Cross
Remember when Marcia Cross was plain scary in Melrose Place? She’s still scaring us in this blue glitter pantsuit that looks like a leftover from Studio 54.
Sophia Coppola
When is white satin a good idea? This is just a boring choice and worse, it’s creased!
Lucy Liu
Lucy is so gorgeous but strangely went for this dramatic black opera gown in the middle of summer. In any other colour it may have been a stunner.
Images: Daily Mail
Who’s your best and worst dressed from the CFDA Fashion Awards?
You SaidYou know when all your teachers/professors align everything around a specific week?
Well, that’s me right now. I’m right in the middle of the classical example of a college hell week. 🙂
I have been able to survive half of it, but I still have two more exams left! (My hardest ones)
*Starts singing along to this*
I will write a longer post after this week. I promise 🙂
LoveLoveLove,
Nat x
7 thoughts on “I Will Survive.”
How vexing! Say ‘dadblameit” a bit. That usually helps.
Hm, I shall definitely try that. 😀
*Laughs and shrugs* It’s just professor-isms.
I like professor-isms.
Aw, thanks! *blushes maybe*
The struggle is real. I’m literally facing the same thing in the Uni.But hang in there and jamming to your favorite songs and it will be over before you know it.
I hope! And thanks for the tip! 😉Ambulance Service Encourages Safety on Bonfire Night
03 November 2011, said: "Around the Bonfire Night period, injuries or even death if safety precautions are not followed.
 Direct on 0845 4647.):
Produced By: Corporate Communications DepartmentOlga25.
About me, my character
I can describe myself as a kind, honest, amiable and friendly person. I am an easy-going and sociable as I like getting acquainted with new people and it is not difficult for me to talk to someone if I have never met this person before. My future profession is doctor so that is why I like helping people and I am very responsible. I always search for a compromise instead of arguing and I always respect opinions of other people even though I have my own and which do not coincide with that one.
My hobbies
medicine, cooking
Partner I'm looking for
A man of my dream is kind, intelligent, reliable and with a good sense of humor. He should love children and lead an active lifestyle)
Video
Clicking on video you will be charged for watching the clip automatically. After that you can rewatch the video for FREE any amount of time during the current day.Wallpaper: Funny Front Door Mats
Total Visited: 184 views
Tags: funny front door mats, funny front door mats australia, funny front door mats outdoor, funny front door mats uk
Download: Original Size
Funny Front Door Mats | Delightful for you to my weblog, within this period We’ll demonstrate in relation to Funny Front Door Mats. And after this, here is the very first photograph:
Better Stuff Doormat | Coir, Funny Door Mats, Rugs | Uncommongoods throughout Funny Front Door Mats
Think about photograph preceding? is actually in which wonderful???. if you believe therefore, I’l m demonstrate a few photograph yet again below:
Hi I'm Mat | Coco Mats N' More throughout Funny Front Door Mats
Decorative Doormat Designs | Design Ideas And Decor pertaining to Funny Front Door Mats
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(Funny Front Door Mats) published by admin at August, 3 2017.
September 30, 2016 85 views
August 19, 2017 125 views
November 9, 2016 74 views
July 7, 2017 107 views
July 27, 2017 110 views
August 7, 2017 93 viewsFor decades, I believed I couldn’t stick with anything because I had no future. I’m speaking of jobs, marriages, friendships, projects — until recently, nothing in my life lasted more than a few years before I put it aside to try something new. I blamed it on Diabetes, blamed it on the doctor who diagnosed me. Now, I believe that having to stick to my role, as the difficult child, was at the root of my wandering mind.
I am like my mother. And I certainly suffered from the comparison, in a child’s understanding of suffering — I felt at war with Mom, in my teen years. I had to be worthy of praise from her, and Dad, and teachers, family, friends, friends’ parents, and so forth. As I moved into my teens, I strove to identify one activity, for which I would earn my parents’ love. That one area of my life was music.
I was good at music, too. My musical accomplishments made my parents proud of me, and to me, that was love. So I did well. That may be part of why I don’t make any music now.
Expecting your child to meet a standard of perfection is not reasonable. That expectation is the textbook definition of conditional approval. I didn’t believe that I was lovable, unless I complied, or conformed to standards. Throughout my childhood, I tested every rule to see how far I could go. In short, I did what children do, in order to become healthy individuals. Making mistakes, and doing bad things, (like arguing with a brother or sister,) deserved a simple slap on the wrist, or even a spanking when I needed it. But committing those sins against propriety and peace in our family fed the vicious circle of failure, unworthiness, and more acting out.
There were no simple errors in my childhood. There was serious, earth-shattering failure — every single mistake. How, then, could I be satisfied with who I was? How could I ever tell what was real from what was over-reaction? I couldn’t. How would I ever be a functioning adult, with that distortion in my head from my youngest age? I haven’t. That inability has haunted me for years.
I believe my parents faced the same circumstances, in their childhoods. My father’s family was not a loving or expressive bunch, and I doubt there were warm fuzzies around that living room. My mom was made to pay for ridiculous “failures,” like not standing up straight, by having to wear a harness. Warm fuzzies may have existed in that family, I don’t know; but there were unreasonable expectations, too.
Everyone knows we do what we’ve learned.
I have wandered away from my original subject, but I can circle back to it, I think. I had to fit in, somehow; even including fitting in to that terrible role of bad kid. I never took a chance on anything new, when I was young, and so most of my adult life has been either going overboard with risks, or running from them to roles I felt I could handle. Neither of those extremes has served me well; so here I am, a writer, even though I cannot guarantee that I will be successful in any outward way. Taking this good risk is helping me interpret my life, and that feels like accomplishment enough. And then some.
This was really another raw and honest stripping of years worth of layers away to find your authentic self. She’s there. you get glimpses, and just as fast she flees away.
It’s hard as an adult to accept being loveable when as a child it was such a struggle to even find value. They are not the same and yet both are needed to grow a well rounded no sharped efge life. You are getting there sweetie, layer by layer. This is your work. It is your job to find that path that lets you feel good in your own skin. It’s a process, not an all or nothing kind of thing.
My heart is hugging you tonight~
Thank you, my friend! Your hugs and encouragement are a huge bonus in my life!
I’ve had at least three long blocks of time when I saw no future (for different reasons), so I can identify with what you said at the beginning. This leaves a person depressed, off-balance, and definitely not on their best behavior—why should they behave if there’s no future to look forward to? Yes, you are correct in saying a person settles into a role because of this.
You are taking a look at “how you got here.” That’s often not an easy thing to do. I wish you much strength for this important task!
Thank you very much, George! As ever, your support is invaluable.
We all have issues with our parents from the past. But somehow we still owe a lot from them and in the end they are still the first person that comes to our mind when we are in trouble.Well, look, don’t complain about the rain…just think that it could actually be snow. Then what? Yeah, we know…all the CT schools would have to close for the day in preparation for the 2 inches of snow that could potentially cripple our infrastructure. ;) So, yeah, it’s raining…big deal, especially when we’ve got some great things for you to check out tonight, tomorrow, and over the next couple of weeks.
Green and Tonic in New Canaan is now open at 5 Burtis Avenue. Get your juice, soup, and healthy food fix by visiting!
Powder Hollow Brewing in Enfield recently had an Open House that was a major success, clearing them out after giving out over 1,000 samples. They’ll be giving a Grand Opening announcement very soon.
10/23 Walrus & Carpenter is hosting Light the Grass, a pig roast fundraiser for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. There will be beer, there will be roast pig, and there will be plenty of “Brewgrass” music. ;)
10/23 Relic Brewing is hosting a book signing party at their brewery tonight from 4-7. The book, Cool Beer Labels, features Relic Brewing on a two page spread along with other breweries. And, yes…they’ll have beer on tap!
10/24 Java Westport will be playing the classic Halloween movie, Hocus Pocus, starting at 7 pm. Food and drinks will be there to purchase, so come hungry and ready for some mischief.
10/26 Up for a trip? Of course you are when brandy’s involved! You’ll be touring Westford Hill Distillers in Ashford from 1-4:30. After the tour, you’ll get a special cocktail tasting that includes their brandy and with some finger foods. Tix are $20 and can be purchased here.
10/28 Barcelona Greenwich will be hosting an Autumn Beer Dinner featuring four brews including a hard-to-find Rosemary Dunkelweisen from CT’s own Black Hog Brewing. $45 per person, tax and tip extra. Dinner starts at 7, tix here.
10/31 If you’re a laid back kinda person, then maybe you won’t be heading out to many parties on Halloween. Instead, you could always come to Painting with a Twist in Westport from 7-9, then paint your masterpiece aka Spooky Tree. The price is $40 per person, you get all supplies, get to take your painting home, and two hours of creative fun. And, yes, it’s BYOB and bring your own snacks, too, so might we suggest some pumpkin beer or a blood-red Zin?
11/2 Pancake Breakfast: two of the best words in the English language. Yes, come on down to the Belltown Firehouse at 8 Dorlen Road (off of Newfield Avenue) for their annual Lions Club Fall Pancake Breakfast! Entry is just $8 for adults or $5 for kids under 8 with second and even third helpings encouraged. :) In addition, even if you can’t sit down to eat, you can always get takeout! Kids can also wear their costumes to help celebrate the Halloween weekend, btw.
11/12 Jack’s Abby Tap Attack at Plan B Stamford starting at 9 pm. They’ll have up to 9 Jack Abby’s pouring out, so start preparing.
11/12 Cask Republic Stamford is looking for homebrewers in their 1st Annual Home Brew contest! If interested, check Casks’ site for details on how and when to submit. Not a homebrewer but just love beer? Fine! They’ll have a party on 11/12 with judging of beer starting at 3 and a party starting at 5. Make sure to make your reservations, either way, by calling up (203) 348-2275.
One Response to “CT Food News, Vol. 26: Brandy, Beer, Pancake Party, Pumpkins, and Pigs”Americans have been putting on weight in the past 30 years. So too have many EMS providers. This has created a near perfect storm. The patients are getting heavier while in general, the EMS workforce has gotten both older and heavier. One reason this has not already resulted in widespread crisis is better technology for moving them.
The first mitigation technology for obesity was the pneumatic lift gate. The first of these I ever saw was on a Community Ambulance truck in Kansas City, Mo., back in the early 80s. It could not fold under or be removed. So, the lift platform stood straight out from the back of the ambulance. I once saw it slice a detective’s car down the side on a tight turn.
It looked like the Jolly Green Giant had cut bumper to bumper down the side of the car with a huge hot knife. But it did work, and made loading a far less physical endeavor.
The first practical reactions by EMS were heavier load capacity ambulance stretchers. In the 60s and 70s, the standard load capacity of a cot was 350 pounds.
Today it is nearly twice that. As fast food grew in popularity, so did the size of Americans. By the 80s and early 90s, we began to see a lot more patients weighing more than 350 pounds.
In response to this trend, companies such as Stryker and Ferno began producing cots with a 500-pound load rating. Today both companies manufacture cots with a 650-750 load capacity, and powered cots with up to a 1,000-pound load rating or more. Stryker’s MX-Pro Bariatric Transport Stretcher is rated to an astounding 1,600-pound capacity.
Ferno offers a range of clever accessories to convert their standard stretchers into bariatric models. The LBS Bariatric Board increases the surface of a stretcher to accommodate the obese patient. Even their Mortuary Cots have had to increase load capacity. The Ferno 24MiniMAX can carry 1,000 pounds.
Then, long spine boards got wider and able to carry heavier loads. Today we have a number of high load capacity models to choose from. The Prolite XT-18 has a 1,000-pound capacity and so does the Wide Sports Board and the MAXI-WIDE from EP&R.
In addition, portable stretchers have become much stronger. Examples include the Reeves Heavy-Duty Flexible Stretcher and the Hartwell Combicarrier II. Loading systems have also dramatically improved capacity since the earliest lift gates.
The first practical motorized solution was the TranSafe Bariatric Cot Loading System. This system consists of a folding ramp system that can be deployed inside the ambulance and a high-capacity removable winch. It allows controlled loading of up to a 1,300-pound patient.
RX Fabrications also offers a bariatric ramp system, with the added convenience of a fixed mounting plate.
More recently introduced is the MAC’s Ambulance Lift. It can also lift up to 1,300 pounds. Unlike the earliest lift systems, this one has a platform that stores under the floor, leaving the ambulance interior unobstructed.
Lateral transfer devices have also evolved to cope with these increasing loads. The first was the old sheet transfer. Then we got the Beasy Trans and heavy duty MANTA Rescue Aid.
Specially designed soft transfer devices and slide boards became commonplace in hospitals, but for one reason or another few turned into big EMS products. I have seen three new transfer technologies that may change all that.
The Stryker Speed-Sheet is an innovative disposable transfer assist that reduces friction. It not only makes transfers side-to-side easier, it also acts as a barrier, keeping your cot clean. Last, it is the most convenient to use and compact to store. These attributes are probably going to make it a hot item in EMS.
The SallyRoller is a clever slide board with disposable covers. It is a combination lightweight folding slide-board and transfer sheet in one product. But what happens when you must move an obese patient more than a few inches, without your cot?
The third promising solution is the HoverMatt from HoverTech. It works just like a floating hovercraft. The air pump inflates the mattress and allows you to slide the patient on a cushion of air. Their disposable version is available in three different widths and is both radiolucent and MRI compatible.
Another product I have seen lately is the BEAR or Bariatric Equalizing Abdominal Restraint. It holds patient adipose tissue more in the midline to stabilize a large abdominal mass, and you can read more about the product in an earlier EMS1 article.
There is really only two parts of this problem that EMS professionals can control personally. One part is your physical condition. Frankly, I don’t see too many obese or emaciated furniture movers.
We have to remember that at its core, our mission is to move people. That is why it is called Care & Transportation of the Sick and Injured. We have to move these folks to the ambulance and drive them to the hospital.
We are public safety athletes, and need to start seeing ourselves that way. Brian Fass touches on real fitness solutions frequently in his excellent EMS1.com column.
The second solution is better training. I don’t think we get enough qualified instruction on how to lift or move these patients properly. Lifting and moving the obese is still mostly done the same way we move average weight patients. We really need a different set of skills to do this job safely.
For example, most patients are moved around on stretchers in the upright position. This is downright dangerous with an obese patient. A few more tips are described in the Ferno guide to Bariatric Patient Handling.
We have an enormous challenge. Transportation of the obese will soon become a daily problem that we must confront with better technology and techniques. We need to move these difficult patients safely. By safely, I mean without injury to either the patient or the EMS provider. More
Pingback: Ems | TagHall
Nice details about EMS Equipment for Bariatrics…Hope it will be useful for public safety athletes.
Heya! I know this is kind of off-topic but I had to ask.
Does running a well-established blog like yours take a
large amount of work? I am brand new to running a blog
however I do write in my journal every day. I’d like to start a blog so I can share my own experience and views online. Please let me know if you have any recommendations or tips for brand new aspiring bloggers. Thankyou!
No, just time. Specialized in Something. Write every month. Time is what is required and patience.
A very well written blog …. Thanks for sharing your knowledge phillydanThanks To All Visitors And to Artudio (Visual Artist Kailash K. Shrestha & Visual Editor Biken Ranjit Plus 20Th batch of Photography class ) From where I sign Up WordPress Blog & Took photography class. Sincere Thanks goes to all my Brothers and Sisters, To all my Friends Of Kathmandu Engineering Colleges, Department Of Architecture for providing their project works which were published as a post. Final Thanks goes to WordPress Team & Canon 🙂Project Gallery
Passmores Academy, Harlow, Essex
The Buteline Plumbing System was fitted through two large sections of this school where a previous system had failed.
The college is located in Harlow, Essex, acccommodating 1,200 students and has "featured in Channel Four's award winning, fly-on-the-wall documentary Educating Essex".
< Previous Gallery | Next Gallery >< Previous Gallery | Next Gallery >Mike Lee –
Capt. Charles Moore didn’t think much about plastic or where it ended up until he was sailing back from a trans-Pacific boat race in 1997.
Taking a shortcut through the North Pacific Gyre, a vast “oceanic desert” in the Pacific Ocean, Moore and his crew realized they were sailing through a kind of plastic soup – a vortex of fragments floating in international waters between Hawaii and the West Coast.
Moore, who lives in Long Beach, recently completed a book about his journey of discovery and everything came after. “Plastic Ocean” is a first-person account about how he started getting attention with peer-reviewed essays and lectures, and eventually became something of a cult hero in activist documentaries and numerous media appearances.
The book details the “plastic age” and ways to erase “our plastic footprint.” His ideas challenge even his supporters. “Much of recycling is an elaborate charade,” he writes in the chapter about solutions.
We do not often think of prophets as jesters. I think ex-Baha’i Denis MacEoin has many unfortunate misconceptions in his article, “Deconstructing and Reconstructing the Shari’a: the Babi and Baha’i Solutions to the Problem of Immutability,” but I feel that in his essential thesis he’s onto something very true and powerful: the Báb joked. I don’t mean that he told funny anecdotes to amuse himself and his companions; I mean his ministry was itself a jest. Here’s what MacEoin says:.
Inevitably, the Bábi legal code remained largely a dead letter. [For example].
This is an incredible interpretation of the Báb’s ministry that somehow resonates with me as not only true, but also as saying something important about the nature of truth and the vast capacity of the divine for irony and inversion. From the impossible and credulity-straining miracles of old to the quiet miracles of the heart, when we find ourselves as the Hanged Man from Tarot, turned upside down yet seeing rightside up for the first time eyes, to the absurdities of quantum mechanics and the symphony of the celestial spheres, God jokes and God laughs.
I think often of the Báb, especially his last moments: how he mysteriously slipped down from the wall of execution upon which had been tied and vanished from before the hail of bullets, not to arise miraculously from the grave, but to finish his conversation with a companion. When he was done, he calmly re-submitted himself to the firing squad. Ever the slippery one, he confronted the arbitrariness of the human world, embodied in the corrupt Persian authorities, and mocked it, transforming his brutal death into a joke that was more than mere human joking, laughing at the darkness, telling it, You are merely the absence of light and a dawn is coming.
Yet, there was also compassion in the joke. Laughter is, after all, a release, and joking is a way of soothing the pains of existence; could it not also be metaphysical, uplifting an individual heart, or indeed, the very soul of the world? The Báb was saying to us, This life, for all its beauties and horrors, is absurd. Find the truth in the absurd and the absurd in the truth. I want to get the joke. I’m trying very hard, but perhaps in the end, the trick is to do as the Báb did: I am fastened to this wall with tethers of my own making; let them go and be let go, return to the conversation with the divine, and then submit myself to be struck by bullets cast from the lead of love.
8 Replies to “A prophetology of laughter”
PS — To reiterate, although perhaps it’s needless, I don’t agree with much else that’s in MacEoin’s paper, certainly not MacEoin’s portrayal of Baha’u’llah, but I do find his central insight to be remarkable. I should note that what I say here doesn’t contradict or override the essential historical point that MacEoin is making, namely, that the Bab was going to the heart of sharia in order to deconstruct and reconstruct it; rather, I’m expanding upon it spiritually and philosophically.
The Bab’s de/reconstruction of sharia reminds of Nader Saeidi’s book ‘Gate of the Heart’. But this is new to me: to consider the Bab’s ministry as a jest, which makes sense from the perspective that life on earth is limited and we should not take it too seriously. It has a strangely liberating effect.
Ha! Indeed you’re right, especially since I’m one of those very serious types. 😉 And I think there’s many other facets to this “spiritual” and “existential jest”. One would be, ironically, to also enter into and enjoy life in the sense that, as Baha’u’llah said, existence is a gift — it has its own intrinsic worth to which somehow detachment can also lead us back. And there’s another joke or irony in that, namely, that detachment for the sake of ascending unto God can instead return us to this life. 😉
Which explains why the Bab and Baha’ullah, despite obviously aware of the transitory character of this life were at the same time passionately involved in its transformation, giving their lives for that purpose. Examples to follow.
Thanks
My picture is really in need of a new title. Your mind is extraordinarily perceptive. I’m so flattered doll!
Have you read Nader Saiedi’s book, mentioned above? It shows that MacEoin and others had a very big misunderstanding of the Bab’s teachings and laws. And of course, Shoghi Effendi has also clarified the main purpose of the Bab’s legal system in “God Passes By”.
Hi Nicholas, no, although I’ve heard about it from several sources long before this post. But let’s suppose Saiedi is correct and that MacEoin is profoundly wrong about the Babi dispensation: does that negate the essence of my reflection?
I’m afraid I only have a ‘big misunderstanding’ of the Bab’s teachings and laws from a Baha’i perspective. But I am not a Baha’i, so I’m free to come up with whatever views I like, and you may find that many or most secular non-Baha’is will, in some measure, agree with me.28/365 “Malang Meatballs and Dumpling”
This is Mr. Rosyid, or in Indonesian we usually call him “Bang Rosyid”. Price of one bowl is Rp. 5.000,-
In Indonesian, it called “Bakso Bakwan Malang”, because it have a dumpling.
Oh no, my friend appeared in this photo, she is in the mirror -__-
Advertisements
Oh, how I miss Bakso Malang :-(…
June 23, 2011 at 18:50
I love Bakso Malang mister 😀
Disana ada yang jual ngga mister? Kalo saya biasanya beli bakso Bang Rosyid pasti bawa Indom*e buat dimasak sekalian a.k.a minta masakin haha 😀
Btw, in Indonesia, where do you live mister?
June 23, 2011 at 20:20
Nope. I can’t find bakso here :-(. I can buy indomie or other instant noodle, though.
My hometown is Bandung. I was born and raised there until I graduate from college. Since then, I have worked in Balikpapan and Jakarta.
June 23, 2011 at 20:38
But when you back to Indonesia you can eat bakso again mister 😀
*ngeliat mister saya jadi terinspirasi buat kerja di luar negri nih 🙂 tp takutnya homesick, walaupun indonesia dibilang semrawut, there’s something that can make me miss this country -_-
June 23, 2011 at 20:47To a decaying primary school in Oban, to the prestigious Lighthouse in Glasgow, to the Arctic Circle Conference in Reykjavik and then the famous West Ward Works in Dundee – the Prospect North exhibition has well and truly made waves on either side of the Norwegian sea.
Scotland’s entry to the 15th International Architecture Exhibition of la Biennale di Venezia, was designed and curated by Lateral North, and explored the relationship between: people, places, cultures, and industries throughout the peripheral northern isles such as Shetland, all the way down to the central belt in Glasgow. The exhibit honed in on communities which are using grassroots actions, and local endeavours, to create unique architectural builds to stimulate their own economies. Yet it had its Scottish premier in a decomposing, former primary school, in the small seaside town of Oban. Not exactly the first location you think of for an exclusive exhibition premier.
Rockfield Primary School was opened in 1894 and closed nine years ago, and since its closure, the grade-B listed historical building had lain empty. Nobody would invest in it. In 2012 it was to be bulldozed down to create housing, but this led to Oban Communities Trust intervening to save the former school, and convert it into a cultural hub for the townspeople. The bid to purchase the building was approved by Argyll and Bute Council in 2015, and set the starting point to turn this damp, trodden and tired old build, into a vigorous, charming space in which to promote arts, culture and heritage. The intention of beneficial social and economic gain, from The Rockfield Centre project, was the driving factor behind the building being selected to hold the Prospect North exhibit.
Cabinet Secretary for Culture, Tourism and External Affairs, Fiona Hyslop said: “The development process at The Rockfield Centre is admirable, and there is great synchronicity between the aims for the Centre, and aims of the projects shown within Prospect North.
“The exhibition centres on exemplary community-led projects and so one could not wish for a more appropriate setting to have launched its tour.”
As part of the Scottish government’s year of Innovation, Architecture and Design, Architecture and Design Scotland (ADS) – who selected Lateral North for the Venice Biennale – became largely involved with the organisation of different events throughout the country, to coincide with 2016’s themed year. Upon Oban Communities Trust’s proposal for the Oban Festival of Architecture, the two organisations worked in alliance, to provide an opportunity to draw together an engaging series of local attractions, events and smaller exhibitions, in conjunction with the premier of Prospect North at the Rockfield Centre.
Chair of ADS, Karen Anderson, said: “Once we saw the space and the opportunity, we felt that Oban was the right place to bring the exhibition for its Scottish premier, after its time in Venice.
“The enthusiasm of the community, and the Rockfield Centre itself, meant that we were delighted to bring Prospect North to Oban.”
The exhibition showcased Scotland and its strategic positioning among its Nordic and arctic neighbours. Using augmented reality and VR headsets, the content was brought to life and demonstrated how architects and designers, have responded to challenges and opportunities across the country in recent years. The VR capabilities have the potential to enhance communities’ understanding of the vision for architectural projects, and allow greater access to participating in them, particularly those living in rural areas of the country.
On the use of cutting-edge technology and software used within the exhibition, Anderson stated: “The approach by Lateral North and the fantastic technology developed by Soluis is a new way for audiences to engage with the stories of the places around us.
“Their energy and vision made a huge contribution to the year of innovation, architecture and design, and I hope that their success provides inspiration to other people starting out in their chosen careers.”
The exhibition was in-fact the evolution of what originally begun as part of a Strathclyde University student masters project in 2013, titled, From Fringe to Frontier. The then students – and now directors and co-founders of Lateral North – Tom Smith and Graham Hogg, began to look at Scotland’s relation to the north. This process snowballed into projects such as Prospect North, which has allowed the Glasgow-based research and design collective to work collaboratively alongside: academics, entrepreneurs, economists, politicians and creatives around the world.
Smith said: “It was a great honour and step up, for us to deliver a project,that represented our home country on behalf of the Venice partnership.
“As a young architecture firm, we were inexperienced in delivering a project of this notability, but we felt as though this allowed us to approach the project in a slightly different manner – our youthfulness and ambitiousness was something that we wanted to carry throughout the exhibition.”
While Lateral North’s commissioned exhibition came to a finish at the end of November in Dundee, communities across Scotland can still experience the entire thing. The miniature version hosts all the same components, allowing people in urban, suburban, rural, remote, coastal and island areas, to see what the Venice Biennale entry had to offer, from the inside of a van. Or as Smith puts it, “a travelling workshop.”
He continued: “The exhibition was about promoting Scotland on both micro and macro scales, where community and designer collaboration, was at the heart of what was delivered.
“The intent was to show this to as broad an audience as possible – both international and domestic – to convey what is happening in our country right now.
“And I believe that has been accomplished, as our evolved student project has now travelled across the seas, it has shown people from around the globe what architecture and design in Scotland has to offer.”One of the best ways to make a house a home is to have indoor plants throughout. There is just something calming and peaceful when a home is filled with plants. Most houseplants come from tropical areas and they were the plants on the floor of the jungle or woods. Since the canopy of the taller trees allowed in such little light, the plants on the floor bed learned to grow with minimal light. A lot of rainwater still made its way down, so most tropical plants like to be well watered but can also go a week or so without it. Once you learn a few basic steps, growing an indoor plant garden is quite easy.
How to Start an Indoor Plant Garden
The easiest indoor plant to keep alive is the Peace Lily. This plant only needs to be watered weekly and the leaves will droop if it gets too dry and then it’s best to sit it in a basin of water and it will pop right back up. It also continuously blooms and is the most popular indoor plant to grow. As with most plants, allowing them to sit in a couple inches of water in the sink or tub and letting the water be pulled up from the bottom is always preferable than to watering the plant from the top. If you have to water top down, make sure you water it in enough, but not too much that the roots are water logged the next day. Measure the water in the beginning so you know how much your plant uptakes in a 24-hour timespan.
If you are looking to add a couple hanging plants to your indoor garden, you can’t go wrong with either a fern or a spider plant. These two are both fairly easy to grow, need minimal attention, and reproduce like crazy. They both will send off shoots which can then be cut off from the mother plant and given to friends and neighbors.
I love flowering indoor plants, but they can be a little bit more finicky to grow. I tend to grow Kalanchoes and Anthuriums the most. Kalanchoes come in yellow, pink, orange, and red and the only real maintenance with them is that you have to deadhead the blooms once they have expired. Some varieties will bloom continuously and others about 4-6 times a year. They do need a little bit of blood meal added to the soil to help with flower production. Anthuriums on the other hand are much easier. They will send up those crazy looking red and pink blooms all year long and you just have to snip it off at the base once it starts to turn brown. Their flowers stay beautiful up to three weeks!
Whether they are green or flowering indoor plants remember to keep them out of direct sunlight from windows as the glare can burn their leaves. Also, they don’t like the AC and especially the heater blowing on them. If it is overly dry in your home or hotter than 75 degrees, mist the plants every couple of days. Always remember, these plants originated in a tropical area and like it a little more on the damp side.
Enjoy your indoor plant garden – they are a lot of fun and bring peace to your home.
More Indoor Gardening Tips:
How to Grow Tulips Indoors
How to Extend the Life of Your Poinsettias
Tips for Growing an Indoor Herb Garden
Kristi Trimmer is currently running half marathons across the U.S. and blogging about her journey. At the beginning of 2012 she couldn’t run across the parking lot and in 2013 she ran 10 half marathons. Follow her journey on DragonflyRunning.com as she shares her running adventures and helps to motivate others to make positive life changes that include eating healthy and having fitness be a part of the lives and not a dirty little word.
Mary rowlandsons story essay
This essay examines how native in redeemed and unredeemed captivity narratives of mrs mary rowlandson rowlandson’s story is a prime. The narrative of the captivity and restoration of mrs mary rowlandson is arguably the most famous captivity account of the english-indian era. Write a 500-750 word essay on one of the following topics aim for a 5-paragraph essay review mary rowlandsons narrative as a faith review mary rowlandson's. Free college essay narrative of the captivity and restoration of mrs mary rowlandson this essay summarizes the key aspects of rowlandson’s captivity story. Read this american history essay and over 88,000 other research documents mary rowlandson thursday, february 10, 1675/76 -- a state of alertness prevailed in the.
Summary of mary rowlandson captivity - massachusetts essay example mary white was born c - summary of mary rowlandson. An essay or paper on captivity of mary rowlandson the narrative of the captivity and restoration of mrs mary rowlandson is a personal account, written by mary. Mary rowlandson - the narrator and protagonist mary rowlandson is a wife and mother who finds her life disrupted when indians take her captive after the attack on. Mary rowlandson’s “the captive” essay two very famous captivity narratives are those of james smith and mary rowlandson neither story will ever be. Project gutenberg's captivity and restoration, by mrs mary rowlandson this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
Mary rowlandsons story essay
Just ask mary rowlandson born in england, mary and her students should recognize that mary rowlandson's true life story of her the federalist papers. Mary white rowlandson talcott died at the age of seventy-three on january 5 mary rowlandson's story essay - mary rowlandson was captured from her home in. Mary rowlandson, the narrative of the among these captives was mary white rowlandson (an excellent essay by professor lavender's former professor at the.
This sample mary rowlandson essay is published for informational purposes only free essays and research papersread more here. If instead of viewing the work as an attempt to tell the true story review mary rowlandson’s narrative as a faith narrative instead of a essay 2 is due this. Review mary rowlandson’s narrative as a faith narrative instead of a capture narrative if instead of viewing the work as an attempt to tell the true story of a. Page 2 a brief about mary rowlandson’s life essay of marcus aurelius, the true emperor of rome, and convert the empire into a republic. The sovereignty and goodness of god, a narrative by mary rowlandson, is a first person account though the eyes of a puritan woman in this narrative, rowlandson.
Mary rowlandson wrote a narrative of the captivity and restoration of mrs mary rowlandson, telling the story of her captivity by the indians. Mary rowlandson wrote a book about students should recognize that mary rowlandson's true life story of her capture and ransom the federalist papers. Essays on mary rowlandson mary rowlandson is real story of how an english woman was compare the captivity narratives of mary rowlandson and mary. · view and download mary rowlandson essays examples also discover topics, titles, outlines, thesis statements, and conclusions for your mary rowlandson essay. Need essay sample on the captivity narrative mary rowlandson we will write a cheap essay sample on the captivity narrative mary rowlandson specifically for you.
The story of mary rowlandson fit in very , the first edition of the sovereignty and goodness of god was published with the last sermon of joseph rowlandson (mary. Mary rowlandson's story essay 1112 words 5 pages mary rowlandson was captured from her home in lancaster, massachusetts by. Aim for a 5-paragraph essay review mary rowlandson’s narrative as a faith if instead of viewing the work as an attempt to tell the true story of a. Read this essay on mary rowlandson come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your classes and more. Mary rowlandson is real story of how an english woman was abducted by native americans during the time when england was still in the process of colonizing america.
Media:
When thinking of the composition of his roster, Rangers coach Alain Vigneault reiterated throughout training camp that “money will be a factor.”
In the hard-salary-cap world of the NHL, is has to be, especially for a big-market team like the Rangers with big-money contracts already on the books. But now that the preseason schedule has concluded and the next game is the regular-season opener Thursday night at the Garden against the Islanders, the Rangers are hoping to obtain something they so rarely have had in the recent past: roster flexibility.
The current group of 24 players on the books does include forward Oscar Lindberg, still on injured reserve. It leaves the Rangers with just over $2 million in space under the $73 million salary-cap ceiling. The amount of money they are under the cap each day accrues, so a penny saved today is one that can be used tomorrow — or at the Feb. 28 trade deadline.
“We’re definitely under the cap, but any more that we spend on a player not playing, we can use later on,” Vigneault said after Saturday’s practice at Chelsea Piers, having given his players off Sunday before returning Monday for three days of practice leading into the season opener.
“I’m looking at the big picture,” Vigneault added. “That’s what I’m talking about.”
The Blueshirts have $47.825 million annually locked up in eight players — Rick Nash, Derek Stepan, Chris Kreider, Mats Zuccarello, Marc Staal, Dan Girardi, Ryan McDonagh and Henrik Lundqvist. (And imagine if captain McDonagh wasn’t signed for such a club-friendly $4.7 million per season?) So eight players make up about 68 percent of the club’s salary, and the other 15 players make up the remaining 32 percent. The lopsided nature is true on almost all NHL teams, leaving an onus on young, relatively cheap players to contribute in big roles.
So as much as Vigneault’s ideal world contains a group with eight defensemen and 13 forwards, he knows it might not be the best scenario. If new defensemen Nick Holden and Adam Clendening are both scratched for the opener — which it seems they will be, barring a swing in opinion over the next few days of practice — they are still counting against the cap without playing. The decision then has to be made whether they’re worth keeping around to not play while losing future cap flexibility.
Clendening would have to clear waivers to be sent down to AHL Hartford, while waiving Holden would likely mean the Rangers would lose him for nothing. Yet if 22-year-old Brady Skjei struggles early on, it might not be a short leash or short patience that gets him sent down without waivers, but the cap implications.
The biggest difference from years past is the level of uncertainty that remains with what the Rangers have. They don’t know what to expect from Girardi coming off an awful season, preceded by so many good ones. Staal had a good camp, but is he back to being the aggressive and stout defenseman the team so desperately needs?
There is youth up front in Jimmy Vesey, Pavel Buchnevich and Mika Zibanejad, but how consistent can they be in carrying the offensive weight? Can Brandon Pirri keep scoring like he did in preseason, can Michael Grabner stay healthy and actually help the penalty kill, and can Josh Jooris be a steadying fourth-line center?
There are so many questions that can’t be answered yet, and it does very little good to try to guess what will happen. Instead, Vigneault and the front office are waiting with somewhat bated breath to see exactly what they have.
“I’m thinking that we might, for a short amount of time, until we sort things out, see different players in NHL competition. We might keep 23,” Vigneault said. “But I’m not 100 percent sure yet.”
He’s not 100 percent sure because it’s unknown just what kind of team the Rangers are right now. And when they find out, they want the financial ability to be able to change on the fly.I could say it all started on Instagram, but truly Sunday Morning Breakfast started long before that.
I look back on Sunday mornings growing up fondly. I remember waking up to the smell of bacon or pancakes or cinnamon rolls, and that was enough to get me up and out of bed. My family would gather around the pan of cinnamon rolls or the plate of pancakes and for a moment, be peaceful. We’re all familiar with the chaos of Sunday mornings before church, right?
I’ve carried on this tradition in my home, and Sunday mornings are just as special. Now I’m the one waking JD up with the smell of whatever is cooking in the kitchen, and we value the time we spend every week sharing the maple syrup and getting our hearts ready for the church service.
I look forward to hearing little feet coming down the hall telling me that my kitchen is about to get messier. But until then, I want to have breakfast with you.
I had some leftover pumpkin pie from Thanksgiving, and I certainly didn’t want anything pumpkin to go to waste! So of course I made pancakes. We live on pancakes and tacos around here.
If you have leftover pumpkin pie, here’s a recipe for you. Have breakfast with us!
Pumpkin Pie Pancakes
Makes 12-14 pancakes
2 1/4 c. of soy/almond milk
1 banana, mashed
1/2 pan of pumpkin pie (about 2 c.)*
3 c. whole wheat pastry flour
3 tbs. maple syrup
3 tsp. vanilla extract
3 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 tsp. nutmeg
Heat griddle to 350 degrees.
Blend all wet ingredients with a hand-mixer. When using whole wheat flours, you really need to make your liquid as liquid as possible to make the pancakes fluffy. You could also throw all of the wet ingredients in a stand-up blender if you don’t have a hand-mixer.
Then add dry ingredients and stir until mostly smooth and there is no remaining dry flour.
Ladle on about 1/2 c. of mix onto griddle. When edges of pancake start to solidify, flip and wait 2-3 minutes.
Serve with fruit, maple syrup, coconut whipped cream, or whatever you like!
*My pumpkin pie was made from organic pureed pumpkin and cashews.
What do you do with your Thanksgiving leftovers?
One thought on “Sunday Morning Breakfast: Pumpkin Pie Pancakes”
Awesome idea. I think it’s a great way to finish off the pumpkin pie!There are so many aspects of Ecommerce Web Development today that are actually going to blow your mind. You know that with the help of platforms such as Magento Development, and Ecommerce Web Development you are going to reach new heights with your website. Ecommerce Web Development has grown to such a large extent that it can completely wrap up your online identity and give your world of online websites a whole new identity. With Ecommerce Web Development it has become easy for you to understand what developers do and how they execute the process of website design and developing. Here are a few reasons why people today prefer Ecommerce Web Development in all their website needs.A Unique Website
No matter what type of a website you want with Ecommerce Web Development and with the help of a good Magento Template Developer you can develop it. Whether you want a small website or a big one, whether you want simplicity or a complex website structure, Ecommerce Web Development can do it all. With the help of Ecommerce Shopping Cart Customization you can personalize and customize your website as needed. You can implement your ideas with a good effort and really bring it to life. This is probably the biggest blessing you have when it comes to Ecommerce Web Development. Security on Your Website
Many websites require a good and secure website first and foremost in their website, with Ecommerce Web Development this is the ideal option. You surely need a good security and you need good firewalls to protect your website from any type of hacking or virus. With a good Ecommerce Web Development company, this too is possible. However, if you are already making use of Ecommerce Web Development and you still don’t have good security, the fault probably lies with the Ecommerce Web Developers as they have not done a good job in setting up your website. Always do your research when you hire Ecommerce Web Developers and then select them.
With the help of Magento Module Development you can also make your website user friendly and simple to use. With easily manageable content and customizable features on your Ecommerce Web Development you are going to make this a user friendly experience for all your viewers, your customers and your visitors. However, it is important to know that only with the help of a good Ecommerce Web Developer will you get all these features and more. Which is why you should make sure that you are in a good position to hire someone who will do a good job on your website and give you a good idea on what type of changes your website Ecommerce Web Development can actually give you.Transfer to a Royal Bank of Scotland direct feed
If you get Royal Bank of Scotland, 98.5KB), then sign and email it to us. Complete a separate form for each organisation in Xero that you want a feed for.
The direct feed will start in 10 working days. Xero will automatically disconnect the Yodlee feed before the direct feed starts.
When the direct feed starts, check that you don't have any missing or duplicate transactions. If you do, manually import the missing transactions or delete the duplicate transactions.OK, this is a gear topic , but please no bashing or trashing any brands here, just relay experiences and opinions. Politely and with respect to the other posters. Again, there are really no right or wrong answers or experiences. This is all subjective stuff. Can a certain trumpet with its characteristically engineered designed resistance, help with your usable range. Again, we are talking usable range not: practice room â€œrange, sometimes there is quite a difference. Are certain brands geared toward making it play easier and longer in the upper register? I say â€œYES â€œ Most times, a player of a certain skill, when fresh, can get all the same pitches in the higher register to come out, on any brand but what usually is the case is the notes are somewhat smaller, weaker and unusable on a certain brand and easier , quicker and usable on another brand. Now some players actually can play higher on one brand vs. another. This is a little different that a question of which brand would you use to play lead trumpet which more a question of projection and â€œsizzle â€œ. Sidebar: I got a call from a friend that was playing lead trumpet on the road show of â€œMiss Saigon â€œand during the conversation he relayed he had tried the Walt Johnson Book â€œDouble Hi C in 10 minutes â€œand actually liked it because he used the book and Waltâ€™s technique shown and found he could, for the first time, get the pitch of a Double Hi C to sound. Now, mind you, this was not a usable note, but it gave him the confidence that he â€œcould do itâ€ and with practice and perseverance, he would eventually be able to have that in his arsenal if he chooses to. This is not a â€œfor or againstâ€ of Waltâ€™s book â€“ Walt never promises a usable double C in ten minutes, but just to be able to play the pitch thru a trumpet. Same with range and a trumpet. For me, (and many others) the Calicchioâ€™s are the biggest help in that respect,theâ€ Ease of Rangeâ€ perspective. Thatâ€™s why they are my main trumpet, ( plus a host of others out here ) using different leadpipe/bell combinations for different sounds and textures. As I said in previous posts, I won and play different brands when necessary, but I really try to stay with My Calicchioâ€™s so I retain the same â€œ blow â€œ thru-out my playing and I donâ€™t confuse any â€œ muscle memory â€œ that I need to perform at my best. Now, if I can play it on my Calicchio, I can play it on any brand from a Conn Director on up because of my working with a Calicchio so long. Dealing with range, the hardest thing to do is to actually get the coordination and schronization to emit from the trumpet the pitch you are after. For a while in my development, I actually had a gap of a third in the extreme high register that forced me have to work down for the top pitch to try to â€œbuzz â€˜the pitches that eluded me. That is called a â€œbreak â€œand usually occurs between Hi A and Hi Bb or in that neighborhood. Now when you pick up a trumpet and can play a range note/pitch that you couldnâ€™t on your present brand/model instrument doesnâ€™t it give you the confidence that now , with work and practice, the possibility to eventually â€œown â€œthat note is likely. Remember hitting your first Hi C, then having to play it on the music was such a â€œhair rising â€œexperience. Now, possibly, it is just part of you â€œrange â€œrepertoire and other, higher notes, give that â€˜uneasy â€œfeeling when on the printed page and a â€œHi C â€œis just another pitch to play? LarryFall is an exciting time… college towns have been buzzing with the excitement of students going back to school, already dealing with the challenges of another year.
Many of us already in the workforce, though, aren’t going back to school. And yet… we never stop learning.
No matter what industry we work in, we always have more to learn. Trends and information change quickly; if we don’t keep up… we’re left behind. The good news: there are simple ways to learn outside the classroom. Doing so ensures that we remain a valuable, knowledgeable resource for our company and colleagues.
Sometimes when we get home from work, all we want to do is curl up in the La-Z-Boy with a six-pack of PBR and watch “The Bachelor Pad”. The problem with this (other than the obvious bad choices of PBR and reality television) is that we aren’t stimulating our brains.
Keep informed. Stay current on the news – national, industry specific and worldwide. This doesn’t mean we have to suffer through the lackluster local news, however; get your news via Hulu or other subscription services. Or, watch your favorite satire like The Daily Show or the Colbert Report (under all that satire are substantial and timely topics).
Another favorite of mine for education through listening: BlogTalkRadio.com. On BTR, industry experts from all over the world talk about what they know – much to our benefit. Just do a search; you’re sure to find several programs that interest you.
“The man who does not read books has no advantage over the man that cannot read them.”
– Mark Twain (smart guy; self-educated)
To make sure they’re informed and constantly stimulated, successful business people read a lot… quickly; the amount of information executive-level talent reads is staggering. Throw that reading on top of what you already consume for work… and you may soon realize that even then you don’t read nearly enough to stay on top of your industry (I definitely don’t). Search for industry blogs you can read regularly (and start a conversation – leave a comment!). Join relevant Twitter chats and Google+ hangouts, or find online courses to further your education specific to your industry.
We tell ourselves we don’t have time… but often we do! Make time by recording Bachelor Pad, or watch it online this weekend. On Monday night, instead of TV, pick up a book or magazine and work brain cells you haven’t used in a while. You will get smarter and you can impress your friends by engaging in a meaningful conversation. (Although… your current circle of friends may find it strange that you don’t know who got voted off the show last night).
I don’t mean you should walk down the street yelling “Hey, I’m Jane Doe and you should be my friend!” Instead, if you’re at a party and overhear someone discussing a subject you have in common, find a polite way to insert yourself into the conversation. Network, network, network. You never know how you may be able to help that person in their life or job… and someday, they may return the favor.
I know this sounds like simplistic advice, but in our digital age nothing provides a quicker learning experience than our friend Google. Search for trending topics and read a few articles that pop up. Look up the definition of that new word you heard today. When your team runs into a challenge, search for a (free) help forum to find a solution. In many cases, you can also find an instruction video on YouTube that will walk you through a repair, design or coding issue. You don’t even have to tell your colleagues you used Google… you can just let them think, “Dang, she’s smart!”
“I never let my schooling interfere with my education.”
– Mark Twain
You don’t have to be in school to continue your education.
Use the resources around you to further develop your knowledge about your industry and job. The people with whom you interact on a regular basis (whether in-person, through social media, or otherwise) will soon notice the increase in your knowledge and skills. This will strengthen your personal brand – and further build your career.
About the Author: Erica Roberts graduated from Oregon State University in 2011 with a B.S. in Marketing. She is an avid reader and writer, and is extremely passionate about social media. Erica currently works as a social media consultant for several clients, and is a social media coordinator with YouTern. Connect with Erica on LinkedIn and Twitter.
“Google All the Things” pic courtesy of Cheezburger.com.
Awesome article Erica!
YouTern advocates high-quality, mentor-based internships and connects emerging talent to dynamic leaders and mentors at start-ups, entrepreneurial small businesses and non-profits!In the modern mobile world all organizations are beginning to build their own enterprise mobile applications, which makes them turn to specialized mobile application testing services to respond to new challenges and market requirements. To analyze how today’s enterprise trends shape this process, it is useful to consider two surveys conducted by trustworthy organizations: Apperian mobile application management company and Cisco networking company.
According to the Cisco forecast, the amount of mobile-connected devices will increase significantly and there will be 11.5 billion devices by 2019. Last year the number of mobile-connected devices exceeded the world’s overall population. Companies are doing their best to roll out applications, and make them as easy as possible to use.
Apperian research demonstrates that 60% of companies are developing their own mobile apps to support and speed up main business processes. 67% of respondents consider improved business processes as a goal for mobility.
Top challenges
The respondents were asked to name the top challenges to achieving their mobility goals. The results were as follows:
- Security concerns (67 % )
- Determining ROI (32 %)
- A lack of funds (29 %)
- Reaching Bring your own device (BYOD) policy, contracted or unmanaged devices (26%)
- A lack of management tools (23%)
Security
Security tops the list of the challenges that organizations face when they develop their applications. This is due to the constant evolution of mobile security threats. All mobility programs must ensure that they appropriately respond to the security risks.
The Apperian Research shows that less than 25% of respondents can see when the information is lost. That means that some 75% can’t detect the events that can lead to corporate data leaks if the right controls are not in place.
Visibility and Investments
Any enterprise mobility program need to be thoroughly analyzed in order to be successful. According to the Cisco forecast more than 50% of all organizations have no idea whether their apps are used. 48% do understand who is using their applications and 42% can see how frequently apps are run.
All surveyed organizations need greater visibility into statistics about their app usage.
Participants stated the list of investments they are making to increase the adoption:
- More applications for core business processes (47%)
- User interface/experience improvements (43%)
- Training (35%)
- Analytics (35%)
- Agile development with user input (33%)
Recommendations
The Apperian provides the organizations seeking a competitive advantage with a number of recommendations.
- During the development of the application, focus first on main business processes
- The best option is to support business processes with internally developed apps
- Invest money in technology to manage the applications
- Think of your users as clients
- Invest in analytics
To take advantage of the continuing mobile revolution you need to analyze the needs of your customers. Moreover, it is vital to keep abreast of the current situation on the market of mobile applications. If you follow all the recommendations, you are likely to have remarkable success in the industry of mobile application development.Life is here
not there
folks joke
while birds croak
and cars beep
incremental creep
traffic hums
do the sums bums
winds shuffle
feathers ruffle
rubbing against trees
above greyness hovers
but never over lovers
birds fly
promises ride high
nothing is missed
all is blessed
everything with a place
leaves an invisible trace
AdvertisementsSee others: Ties | Fendi | Fendi Ties
VAT may apply for shipping in GCC
Stitched with the signature FF pattern, this Fendi tie will take your good looks to the next level. Made from silk, its print combines gradient shades of blue for a chrome-like appearance and just the right shine. Original Retail Price: US $145 Gender: Men Condition: New (This tie has never been used) Dimensions: 9 CM(W) Material: 100% Silk Includes: The Luxury Closet Packaging
Estimated retail price $145.205
Gender: Men
Colour: Grey.ATTENTION: Javascript is Disabled: This site requires JavaScript to help you find your services quickly. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
Sunday 19 November, from 2pm in city centre
Christmas Market
Thursday 23 November - Sunday 3 December
Borderlands Initiative
Cross border growth deal
Carlisle Focus
Winter-Spring 2017-18 edition now available
Apply for FREE grants
Apply for home improvement grants
This A to Z of services list provides links to service pages alphabeticallyPictures of penguins to color Gallery of Pictures of penguins to color Share Tweet Share color of penguins pictures to Related Pictures of penguins to color Santa face coloring page Superhero coloring pages free valentine cards to print Coloring Pages for kids Fairy coloring pages printable free Coloring pages online valentine kids Coloring Pages for kids Free animal printables Coloring pages online Kite coloring pages printable Coloring Pages for kids Free easter coloring pages Coloring Pages for kids>>IMAGE.
Sitting and standing with this forward head posture shortens the muscles in the upper cervical spine, the suboccipital muscles at the base of the skull and elongates the muscles of the lower cervical spine. When the neck constantly rests in front of the shoulders, we may also see the muscles of the chest become tight and shortened. This may cause muscle spasms, neck pain and sometimes headaches and can eventually lead to shoulder pain.
Flexibility exercises can be used for patients with neck symptoms, that target specific muscles such as pectoralis major and minor, levator scapulae, upper trapezius and scalenes. Flexibility of these muscles can ensure proper posture in all realms of daily living. Strengthening cervical stabilizer as well as shoulder stabilizers are key factors to decrease neck pain and improve posture. Having good desk ergonomics with feet on the floor, screen at eye level and proper lumbar support can help maintain cervical alignment. Education is key to reducing neck pain by interrupting the prolonged forward head position.
Review: ”
Ron Paul is Right: Jeff Sessions Should be Fired
Jeff Sessions is attacking marijuana and state's rights. Ron Paul is firing back.
John Green’s New Book ‘Turtles All the Way Down’ Will Get Movie Adaptation
There is a possibility this movie will meet the same demise as 'Looking for Alaska'.
Trump’s Wednesday Anti-Muslim Tweet Storm and Why People Have a Right to be Upset
Trump has taken another blunder. Are his actions excusable?Has anyone ever made ricotta cheese? My gosh it is out of this world and ssssoooo easy to make. Really, there is nothing to it. My daughter-in-law had been telling me about it for awhile. She was making it and found it so simple. I just kept thinking why make it if you can pick it up already made in the grocery store. Until one day I was watching Two Greedy Italians on TV. They went to visit and see a couple living on the Amalfi coast. This couple raised goats and from the milk they made ricotta cheese. My gosh it looked so good. So I thought, why not give it a try.
Well, I asked my daughter-in- law for her recipe. I couldn’t believe it. It was not only easy, it was so simple that I didn’t know why I hadn’t tried it before. The best thing of all was the taste. It was so fresh and creamy. There’s nothing in any of the stores to compare to this.
After the cheese had been refrigerated for 1 day, I served it on toasted bread rubbed with garlic and topped with olive oil and sliced cherry tomatoes . OOOHHHH, it was out of this world. Since, I have put on thyme, honey, fresh figs, grapes, prosciutto, you name it. Not only have we eaten it like that but I have started to bake with it.
No really, you have to try this. You will absolutely love it.
Into a large stock pot add 2 quarts of whole milk, (8 cups), along with 1 cup of heavy cream and 1-1/2 teaspoons of salt. Gently bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.
When it has reached a boiling point add 3 tablespoons of fresh lemon juice. Stir for about 2 minutes constantly. You will see it start to curdle.
At this point remove from heat and pour it into a sieve or colander. I lined mine with 2 wet dishcloths or you could use cheese cloth.
Let it drain for about 1/2 – 1 hour. Still having some liquid left I…
Then took the dishcloths and brought them together at the open ends and started to twist them together. This will remove more of the liquid.
I purchased ricotta cheese in these little containers and had saved them. Now I have the little baskets to put in the fresh ricotta, just like in Italy.
Once the liquid has been removed, place into a container, cover and refrigerate. Your done.
RECIPE
INGREDIENTS
2 Quarts Of Whole Milk, (8 Cups)
1 Cup Of Heavy Cream, (35%)
1 1/2 Teaspoon Salt
3 Tablespoons Of Fresh Lemon Juice
PREPARATION
Line a sieve or colander with 2 wet dishcloths or some cheesecloth. Set aside.
Into a large pot bring the milk, cream and salt to a gentle boil. Stirring to prevent burning on the bottom. When it starts to boil add lemon juice and constantly stir for 2 minutes. It will start to curdle. Remove from heat and pour into the colander. Let it drain for 1 hour.
Next take the edges of the dishcloths, bring them together and start to twist. This will remove any remaining liquid. Place into a container and refrigerate.
When ready to serve add some lemon zest and drizzle with honey. Serve on crackers or bread.
SIMPLE!
ENJOY!
Seems easy, I hope to try it in a near future.It’s approaching one year since HBO’s thrilling and cerebral sci-fi western Westworld hit television and proved itself to be one of 2016’s strongest series. Since then, HBO has been keeping details concerning Season 2 on lockdown, and the show faded into the background as other popular series such as Fargo, Game of Thrones, and The Leftovers all made strong returns with new seasons.
But when Westworld’s blood-soaked Season 2 trailer rolled out at this year’s Comic-Con, the hype and excitement around the show was quickly reignited. Now, fans have more to be excited about, according to Den of Geek: actor Jimmi Simpson, who plays William on the show, has confirmed he will return in Westworld Season 2.
The actor revealed news of his return by responding to a fan on Twitter who asked if Simpson will be in the show’s second season. Simpson also confirmed in another tweet early this week that he has started shooting his Season 2 scenes, tagging his co-star Evan Rachel Wood (Dolores Abernathy) in the post.
Yessir, William will be black. I mean back.
— Jimmi Simpson (@jimmisimpson) July 30, 2017
From this morning- my first day back at #Westworld.
So dark. So damn beautiful.
Thank you @evanrachelwood – you’re beyond words. pic.twitter.com/pHGX6SKBNa
— Jimmi Simpson (@jimmisimpson) August 2, 2017
Simpson’s wholesome white-hatted character William was revealed to be the notorious Man in Black during Season 1’s finale, which shocked many fans. In an interview with Vanity Fair back in December, Jimmi Simpson seemingly squashed all rumors of his return for Westworld’s second season, offering a firm “no” when asked if he was coming back to the show in any capacity.
While the new footage in the Comic-Con trailer saw the return of Ed Harris’ Man in Black, there was no sign of the younger William. It’s unclear how William will fit into the storyline for Season 2, especially since the Comic-Con trailer gives the impression that the next season will primarily be concerned with the events following Dolores’ unleashing of chaos during the Season 1 finale. But if there’s one thing that Season 1 of Westworld proved, it’s that the show knows how to shock and surprise its fans, so there’s no telling what’s in store for William come Season 2.
HBO recently announced that Westworld Season 2 will air some time in the spring of 2018. All episodes of Season 1 can be viewed through HBO’s streaming services.Day 18 – 2014 by DemonPenguin | Mar 18, 2014 | 2014 | 1 comment Making more noise, then decided to try rearranging the kit a different way, and made even more noise ← Day 17 - 2014 Day 19 - 2014 → 1 Comment Penddraig AKA GothNinja on March 19, 2014 at 3:38 pm You are a very noisy person. It is a good job you do not have neighbours. Reply Submit a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
You are a very noisy person.
It is a good job you do not have neighbours.I was supposed to go to get an enormous amount of b/w done on Saturday, along with the three-hour glucose tolerance test, but I slept in. Long story short, I was hanging out at my boss’ house until nearly midnight on Friday, and with the tollway shut down for construction, I had to take a really backwards way home. I called Tim to tell him I had to be up early and he suggested I just sleep in. I told him that I knew I’d be upset with myself if I didn’t take care of the b/w and such now.
But when 7:15 rolled around Saturday morning, I turned off my alarm and slept until 10:15. And know what? I totally don’t care. I was exhausted. It felt pretty liberating to just not care for once.
My RE had told me to do the b/w before I got my next period so we could move on to the HSG. I have two doses left of P.rov.era to start my period, as I am currently on CD 48. I hate it. It’s making my bbs hurt like mad and bringing on sudden heaving waves of nausea. Supposedly, AF should come 3-7 days after I finish the last dose. SO, hopefully it will be something like 5-ish days afterwards and I can get the b/w done this Saturday, then schedule the HSG for next week? Really looking forward to that.- Worldwide Rank #38,203,563
- Follower/Following Ratio 1.52
- Daily New Followers 0
柳川和貴 Twitter Stats
@0099Yanaemon - Tracking 柳川和貴 Twitter profile since March 25, 2013
0463CITY
柳川和貴's story
柳川和貴, also known as @0099Yanaemon has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the 30% percentile for account strength. Active on Twitter since February 2013, 柳川和貴 made it to having a respectable 307 Twitter followers and to being ranked 38,203,563 for number of followers among all Twitter users.
Uh-oh... seems like someone has fallen asleep while on duty and is dropping in social relevance. The plot thickens when considering 柳川和貴's follower-to-following ratio, which is 1.52. That's a healthy ratio.
Over the past month, @0099Yanaemon's was hardly active on Twitter, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 3 since @0099Yanaemon<<
柳川和貴 Tweets
@0099Yanaemon has posted 0 tweets in the last 11 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
柳川和貴 Twitter Followers
@0099Yanaemon has 307 followers on Twitter.
This account is #38,203,563 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
柳川和貴 Following on Twitter
@0099Yanaemon is following 202 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account followed 134 users.
柳川和貴 Predictions & Milestones
@0099Yanaemon will hit 307 followers in the next 3 months, and 307 in one year.
You are on 柳川和貴's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since March 25, 2013 . You can see how many followers 柳川和貴 lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare 柳川和貴 to yourself ? Or if you are 柳川.These rich who ecology: they are hypocrites, they are riding a fad or are they really sincere in their beliefs?
What is an eco-Tartuffe and who are they?
"... Dear Nicolas Hulot, I urge you to withdraw from the political ecology to which you have done more harm in one year than all the productivist forces, right and left confused, since the 1970 years, when the ecology has entered politics.
Of course, you are primarily the product of the forces that manipulate you: E. Leclerc, L'Oreal, Bouygues, and more broadly TF1 multinationals who fund you, but also the neoliberal right of Nicolas Sarkozy.
We do not want it from you, but from the ideological offensive of which you are the most successful Trojan horse. You practically perfectly represent the capacity of neoliberalism to digest its protest and to confuse those who resist it. You are all the more effective as you seem totally unconscious. The ideology of which you are the vector leads to depoliticize the ecological stake and the reflection on productivism. It leads one to believe that consumer society or neoliberalism are compatible with the preservation of the planet. [...] "
More: Greenwash, crooks and liars sustainable developmentYesterday, Monday, I ran 4 miles in the AM. Got up at 5:30, was on the road by 5:50. I’m not sure how long it took me to run my 4 around Sunnyside, but I know it took me at least 42 minutes, if not longer. I thought I hit “Start” on my watch, but was foiled again by my usual pre-dawn befuddlement. Somewhere around mile 3.5, I had to stop, bend over with my hands on my knees, and hock up a perfect, little yellow loogie. One of the mementos left over from my coughing illness last week. I wish I could have expectorated this loogie at, say, the half-mile mark, since once it was no longer rattling around in my chest, I breathed a whole lot easier.
Then, this evening I hit the road for another 4-miler at 9PM, same route, since it’s cooler with the sun down. This time, I got lucky, and the little yellow loogie of the day made his break for freedom after I’d been running only 5 minutes. Even though I could now breathe, I decided to stop at 2 miles since my hamstring was giving off all sorts of alarming sensations; that’s my old injury and I didn’t want to push it.
I suppose it’s better to fall ill for three weeks in the beginning of training, but it still makes it hard to see the humor in little yellow loogies when I’d rather be breathing deeply, running swiftly, and checking off my scheduled workouts.
Meh. In this weather, you’ll neither breathe easily nor run swiftly anyway. Good for you for running while hocking up loogies, though.
You are my hero. Not only hocking loogies but writing about them as well. I wanted to drop in and say hey! Sorry to hear you were feeling under the weather but glad to hear you’re on the road to recovery. Hope to see you soon.
xoxo
Kathy
@ least they are not GREEN…or BLACK..that’d be bad….Play deposit free roulette games in your browser, directly from your PC, without download without any limits and restrictions. Virtually Experience Casino on Roulette Royale with the best designed wheel and friendly betting tables. FREE to play. Immediate Bonus. New! Space Shot arcade shooter, now available exclusively in the iTunes App Store. Maui Media Lab's original, classic European Casino Roulette Game is now.
Roulette Pro oder Roulette Royal, eine progressive Option, usw.. Here are some more excellent casino games for mobile! Software designers deliberately tipped the odds in the players favour to give the illusion that the players betting strategy works. The second has a histogram with each bar distinguishing the amount of times a number was a winner. Follow us iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.
0 KommentareYou can take the poet out of data analysis, Hilaire writes, but you can’t take data analysis out of this poet.
Location of south London poems – numbers indicate position in London Undercurrents manuscript
Following on from Joolz’s count of poems per north London postcode, I’ve carried out a similar data collection and analysis exercise for my south London poems. And I can reveal that SW11 has romped home as the winner, with an amazing thirteen London Undercurrents poems. SW8 is a poor second, with three poems. Sharing the wooden spoon with one poem each are SW4, SW17, SW18 and off-the-map SE16 – home of the former Peek Frean’s biscuit factory, where the poem Prunella Clough, Sketching (12) is set. In the 1950s, Clough sketched women working on the Peek Frean production line, later painting a number of canvases featuring female factory workers in her Chelsea studio. Arguably, then, this poem also has a connection to SW3.
Which raises the thorny issue of double counting. The keen-eyed amongst you may have spotted that poem 18 (Clippie, Route 19, 1917) is mapped to both SW17 and SW11. Meet the World War 1 bus conductor, released from domestic service, and relishing her daily back and forth across the river and ‘southbound far as Tooting Bec.’ Poem 22, mapped to SW4, also has links to SW8 (Nine Elms) and SW12 (Balham). Sometimes, it’s hard to pin our women down.
Tricky stuff, data. Almost as tricky as poetry.ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s market regulator Consob has only received “preliminary and generic” information regarding Monte dei Paschi’s board meeting on Sunday which sought to breathe new life into a privately-funded rescue plan, a source close to the watchdog said on Monday.
Italy’s third biggest lender said on Sunday it would press ahead with a last-ditch plan to raise 5 billion euros ($5.32 billion) on the market by year-end after the European Central Bank refused to give it more time to recapitalise.
The eleventh-hour private solution being drawn up by the bank, advised by JPMorgan and Mediobanca, involves reopening a debt-to-equity swap offer. This needs Consob’s approval.
Reporting by Stefano Bernabei, writing by Agnieszka Flak; editing by Paola ArosioWormholes are one of the most interesting phenomenon in physics, theoretically possible but never been spotted. Scientists have now speculated that the huge blackhole at the center of our galaxy may after all be a wormhole.
So what is it about wormholes that makes them so fascinating? For a start, scientists believe that these portions in space induce time-travel, so if you end up directing your spaceship to a warmhole, you may go into a different dimension, or a parallel universe.
There is also the possibility that wormholes are sort of openings which connect multiple universe. This concept builds on the famous notion from quantum mechanics that there are countless parallel universes.
Cosimo Bambi and Zilong Li of the Fudan University in Shanghai are really optimistic that we may soon spot a wormhole in our galaxy. Their optimism is based on a development that is about to happen in the space exploratory prowess of mankind. The paper by the duo mentions as much,
.”
If GRAVITY confirms that the said blackhole is a wormhole, this may be one of the most exciting discoveries of mankind out in the space.
[ttjad keyword=”android-phone”]Providing affordable, high quality, creative design and drafting to South West Victoria for 20+years
Mark Conlan Builder Designer has over 20 years in the building design and construction industry. As a Warrnambool Builder, the company can provide you with a complete building and design service. Mark Conlan Builder Designer delivers an innovative design to compliment your lifestyle whilst respecting building codes, planning requirements and most importantly, your building budget.
Call Mark Conlan Builder Designer
0417 052 610 or Peta 0421 913 985
36 Braithwaite St, Warrnambool, 3280
or mark@markconlan.com.au
Specialising in new homes, extensions and renovations, from concept designs through to working drawings, Mark and associate Pet Van Bruggen provide a service customised to your individual needs. Providing affordable, high quality, creative design and drafting to South West Victoria for 20+yearsIn 20 years as a newspaper columnist it has never ceased to amaze me how many people think they are applying logic to a given subject when they don’t even get within rock throwing distance of logical thinking.
Most of the rhetoric generated by what I write has nothing to do with my actual words, but are rants about something readers have assumed I believe about something that may or may not be remotely connected.
Example: I recently commented on an uproar over a Planned Parenthood website listed on material handed out during a class on sex education. More specifically, it was a video geared towards young people about the dangers of unprotected sex that upset so many people.
My column was aimed at the dangers of leaving young people in the dark about protecting themselves against disease and pregnancy.
The video was not shown at school but was available on the Planned Parenthood’s website. In order to see it, students had to look it up on their own time. In Tennessee, there is a standard curriculum for sex education, no matter who teaches it, so I suggested it was Planned Parenthood’s association with abortion, not the video that had upset so many parents.
I did not state a position on abortion and was upfront about the fact that the video was almost guaranteed to offend parents. I pointed out that it was not geared towards parents but towards the most savvy generation of young people in our history. Then I emphasized that the video was not shown at school.
Most of the e-mail that came to me was favorable, but less so on the electronic version of the newspaper. The readers proceeded to say that I had endorsed abortion, was teaching a liberal slant on education and that I was an “aging hipster” trying to hold on to my youth.
None of the criticism addressed my subject matter. Instead they attacked abortion, which proved my point. In all likelihood, most who sent nasty comments never watched the video, at all.
If you push the “up” button on an elevator, it goes up and if you press the “down” button it goes down. I guarantee that a column expressing this opinion would result in letters attacking elevator companies for jerky rides or building owners for not keeping the elevators cleaner – with the occasional criticism that elevators sometimes fall, even when the “up” button is pushed.
Logic is a position that many people never discover. Instead, they use the comments section as an excuse to call names and release venom.
1 comment:
You are correct sir - but you missed the big picture focus which is the Root Cause analysis.................. Too Few people THINK before they REACT - From Your Northern KY Guy - Steve to comfort the heart, engaged in the chest, relaxing in the lap they are to fulfill, they are not encouraged to knock back. Today is the Birthday of such a Mom. Only comes once a year to celebrate this Great day. You’ll thank you for the love of your mother have shown so far on the Birthday. Say Birthday Wishes To Mother on this day gratitude for giving birth to you.
List Of Beautiful Birthday Wishes To Mother
We have mentioned here 55* Beautiful Birthday Wishes To Mother please do read this birthday wishes and share with your mother.
Funny Birthday Wishes To Mother
- Dear Mom! No one can love me more, no one can understand me better, no one can inspire me more, no one can hug me tighter. Happy Birthday My Mom.
-! Happy Birthday My Dear Mother.
- The women who sacrificed many precious moments in her life, So that I could have them in mine. I Wish You a Very Wholehearted Happy Birthday to You.
- I would never be able to get through my day without knowing that there is someone out there in the world that loves me as much as you do. On your birthday I want you to know that I love you so much too. Happy Birthday, Mom!
Crazy Birthday Wishes To Mother
- You give us so many moments that make us smile. I have learned a lot from you and I am so happy that I have you in my life. Have a Nice Birthday My Dear Mom.
- My life would not be complete without you by my side. You have been with me through all the good and bad times. Happy Birthday My Dear Mother.
- You are the greatest, most dazzling, sweetest person and I love you. Happy Birthday, Ma!
- Hope this day is the best day ever in your life. I’m so proud to have a fantastic mother like you. Have a Great Birthday Ma!
- A mother is a wonderful combination of warmth, kindness, laughter and love. Birthdays are come and go, but moms are forever. Have a Wonderful Birthday Mom.
- You were my past, you are my present and I hope you’ll be my future too.Thank you for sending your life helping me grow. Happy Birthday, Mother.
Memorable Birthday Wishes To Mother
- I am so lucky that you are my mom. I can’t imagine my life without you. Happy Birthday My Loving Mom.
- You’re my lovely mother wishing you an endless happiness on your special day and every day. Have a Special Birthday Wishes to You.
- Wishing you a gorgeous and colorful birthday. Your loving hug is the best place in the world for me. Lovely Wishes on Your Birthday.
-!
- Today I want to salute you for all sacrifices for me, motherhood is the toughest job. Happy Birthday, Mom!
- Having a mother like you is the best gift I have received from God. Happy Birthday, Maa!
- You’re beautiful, loving, amazing, wonderful women and being a little older today can’t change that. Birthday Wishes to my Mother.
We would like to share the beautiful birthday wishes to the mother.thank you for visiting my website.
Read more: Birthday Wishes To Father
Nice work. Thank you for gathering all wishes at one place.
Thank you RakeshOur humble blogger celebrates National Puppy Day by introducing his new puppy, just five days in to her new surroundings.
My wife Theresa has a theory about dogs, specifically about the number of dogs necessary to maintain a happy home. In her mind, three is the ideal number; that way, when one of the dogs goes to that great doggy daycare in the sky (as dogs do), the two remaining pups have each other to keep themselves occupied. (Yes, you could have one dog at a time, but that would inevitably leave you dogless for certain intervening periods, which is entirely unacceptable.)
With that in mind, since we lost our 10-year-old golden retriever Corona late last year, our household has been out of equilibrium, doggie-wise. Sally, our 6-year-old golden (and Corona’s daughter) and Penny, our 9-year-old yellow Lab, were clearly out of sorts and desperately in need of a puppy in their lives. (So declared Theresa, referring strictly to them and not at all to herself.)
And so just this past weekend we welcomed Daisy, a.k.a. Daisy Mae, an 8-week-old golden who immediately restored order by gnawing vigorously on our pant legs.
Once you've gone a while without a puppy, it's always surprising just how small and fluffy they are. Not to mention awash in that new-puppy smell that makes you throw social norms to the wind and start grabbing their little heads and talking to them in what, to the uninitiated, would probably sound like a cross between unhinged gibberish and Jar-Jar Binks.
I should mention that negotiations on naming rights for the puppy began well before we even knew who she was or where she was coming from. “Mookie” was an early favorite, proposed by my son and covering several generations of sports greatness, from Mookie Wilson to Mookie Betts. (And of course New Jersey Nets point guard Mookie Blaylock, which was also the original band name for Pearl Jam. True story.)
But since it’s a general rule that you have to fight about a pet’s name for weeks before actually settling on one, "Mookie" fell out of favor and we wound up going down several different paths (“Brady” around Super Bowl time, “Princess Leia” after Carrie Fisher's untimely passing, etc.) before arriving at Daisy. It’s a versatile name that may be a reference to Daisy Buchanan of “The Great Gatsby” if you ask Theresa, or Daisy Johnson of “Marvel’s Agents of Shield” if you ask me. (Three guesses as to who is the “low culture” representative in our household.)
I didn’t realize when we got Daisy on Saturday that National Puppy Day was only a few days off because, let’s face it, every day is National Puppy Day. (At least on the Internet.) But given the fortuitous timing, it seemed appropriate to mark the day with this photo study of Daisy’s five-day tenure with us thus far, much of it devoted to her sleeping habits, since sleeping is what puppies do when they're not biting your pants leg.bryantlook96
One more reason why a consignment franchise is a fantastic small business with a downward overall economy is mainly because you will possess the help and support from the principal business that will help thru this tough time. A lot of people believe an important franchise will only be there to pick up the franchise amount but the truth is the better and bigger your business does a lot more they might make. Most franchises will insert a consignment business plan in just about every deal proclaiming that as you launch to create a specific amount, they should please take a area of it and that is certainly excellent so long as you make that sum of money.An argumentative essay is actually a vital bit of writing, targeted at presenting aim Investigation of the subject material, narrowed down to one subject. The principle idea of all of the criticism is to provide an opinion both of good or detrimental implication. As a result, a crucial essay requires exploration and Examination, robust internal logic and sharp framework.
This short article's usage of external hyperlinks might not abide by Wikipedia's procedures or suggestions. Be sure to increase this text by eradicating excessive or inappropriate external inbound links, and converting handy inbound links exactly where correct into footnote references. (February 2015) (Find out how and when to get rid of this template concept)
Let us also Present you with some concept about just what the operation management is and what are the processes involved with Procedure administration of the venture.
The educational essay checks the coed's capacity to current their ideas within an structured way and is particularly made to test their mental capabilities.
Every person in The category was impressed because of the Imaginative presentation and I had been becoming praised much by my professor. Sensation remarkably enthusiastic Because of you fellas who have helped me to undoubtedly acquiring a HD for this remaining assignment.
This summarizes These three paragraph. The next and 3rd sentences offer observations which may also be thought of a summary, not just from the written content of the paper, but also provides personal viewpoint which was logically drawn as the result of this analyze. The final sentence returns on the Edgar Allan Poe-Stephen King partnership which began this paper. This sentence also presents a "wrap-up" and gives the paper a way of finality.
In the first sentence of the second paragraph (initially paragraph of the body) the words and phrases "feeling" and "manipulation" are accustomed to hook in the conclude of the introductory paragraph. The very first Component of the second sentence delivers The subject for this paragraph--imagery in the static scene. Then a quotation from "The Notify-Tale Heart" is presented and briefly talked about. The final sentence of the paragraph employs the expressions "sense of experience" and "feeling of sight" as hooks for primary to the 3rd paragraph.
The place writers at the time needed to depend upon friends or editors to spot and correct blunders, Essay Checker has taken about. Better however, this revolutionary online paper checker does what other no cost essay corrector applications can’t do: Not only does it flag mistakes so you can learn from your errors, it immediately corrects all spelling and grammar problems at lightning pace. Cease Wasting Effort and time Checking Papers
All Image essays are collections of pictures, but not all collections of images are Image essays. Photo essays often address a particular situation or try and seize the character of locations and situations.
Now we have a hugely college student positioned and easy Remedy supply strategy. All college students need to do is post their need on our website or fall us an electronic mail. During the shortest attainable time, our coordinators in the office conclusion get back again to you personally with the best accessible service provider along with the rate quotation.
Classification may be the categorization of objects into a bigger complete though division is the breaking of a bigger whole into scaled-down elements.[7]
A history essay at times generally known as a thesis essay describes an argument investigate this site or assert about a number of historic events and supports that claim with evidence, arguments, and references. The textual content makes it very clear on the reader why the argument or declare is therefore.[fifteen]
Molly New Zealand Thanks for helping me with the advertising and marketing plan, Many thanks for helping me Using the marketing plan, it helped me to control my perform and position, due to you guys.
The online assignment writers We've hired are Qualified and knowledgeable writers of their respective tutorial discipline. We hired them after a demanding exam. They are all masters and doctorate degree professionals from the best educational institutions around the globe.
You’ve selected a subject, made an outline, composed your thesis assertion, and accomplished your first draft. Don’t Enable your efforts visit squander. With Ginger Software package’s Essay Checker, you’ll be the only real one to check out People minor mistakes and maybe even People obvious faults peppering your paper. The tedious process of examining an essay at the time needed to be done by hand – and proofreading from time to time included hrs of labor to large tasks.
NCERT Sample Papers for Class 8
The NCERT Sample Papers for Class 8 is considered to be a useful and handy resource in obtaining good marks in Class VII Annual Exam. With NCERT Model Question Papers for Class VIII, the students can cover topic-wise questions for each subject. Additionally, solving NCERT 8th Class Question Papers helps in the understanding of concepts along with the marking scheme of the question papers.. CBSE students can find the links for NCERT Question Papers for Class 8 Science for SA1 & SA2 in the table below::
NCERT Question Papers Class 8- Social Science, English, Hindi
We are also providing you the links for NCERT Sample Paper for Class 8 Social Science, English, Hindi in the table below:A person’s greatness is not measured by their words, but rather by their deeds. A person’s actions are a good representation of their heart and their character. King Ahasuerus has shown his character throughout the book of Esther. He showed off his kingdom and held a 6 month long party for all of his officials, then he threw a party for the whole kingdom. During this party, he banished his wife from the kingdom because she would not do as he commanded. He chose Esther out of many women from a royal beauty contest as his queen. In Esther 2:18, during the wedding ceremony and celebration he rescinded the “taxes to the provinces and gave gifts with royal generosity.” (Esther 2:18). He allowed Haman to pass an edict that would eliminate an entire race of people, even though he was unaware of what race he was eliminating. Since King Ahasuerus could not rescind the original law, he allowed the Jews to defend themselves which resulted in the loss of at least 75,000 people. Now in Esther 10:1, the tax that he had rescinded in Esther 2:18 is being reinstituted. The meaning of this word “tax” in the original Hebrew means “forced labor.”
This encapsulated version of King Ahasuerus’s life helps us see his character. He is impetuous and does not stop to consider the consequences of his decisions. The contrast of his life is that of Mordecai’s. Mordecai raised his niece, was important in the palace of the king and when he overheard a conversation that would threaten the life of the King he reported it to the right people. He gave Esther sound advice throughout her life that showed his love for his people and his willingness to do what was needed to save the entire race of the Jews. He became second in command even though he was not a Persian, but rather from a race of captured people. As second in command, “he was great among the Jews and popular with the multitude of his brothers, for he sought the welfare of his people and spoke peace to all his people.” (Esther 10:3).
The character of Haman also speaks for itself as he plotted the murder of an entire race of people because one man did not bow down to him. This anti-Semitist attitude evidently had permeated the entire Persian culture. According to Esther 9, there were 75,000 people who were killed because they hated the Jews and sought “to destroy, to kill, and to annihilate them.” (Esther 3:13). There is no record of any Jews being slain during this time of personal vendetta. “Now the rest of the Jews who were in the King’s provinces also gathered to defend their lives, and got relief from their enemies and killed 75, 000 of those who hated them…” (Esther 9:16). If a person did not hate and decide to attack the Jews they were safe from destruction. An edict against the entire race of the Jews to kill them was not enough personal satisfaction for Haman since he also had gallows 75 feet tall constructed to hang Mordecai on, the apparent root of his hatred and bitterness.
Esther’s character also shines through the events recorded about her life. She is raised by her uncle so at some point in her life she had to deal with the loss of her parents. She becomes part of this royal beauty pageant and wins. Though she is not a Persian, she becomes queen. Just another fact about King Ahasuerus. He does not do a background check on the new Queen but takes her as his wife based on her looks. Esther does as her Uncle Mordecai suggests and she willingly lays down her life for her people, since she does not know the response she will receive from the King since she had not seen him for 33 days. By the end of the book, the King is coming to Esther and asking her what she wants to happen. (Esther 9:12)
God takes the character of people and uses it for His purposes and plans. The theme of Esther and the central verse of the book is Esther 4:14 “…And who knows whether you have not come to the kingdom for such a time as this?”
Questions:
- As we have reviewed the lives of the main characters in the book of Esther, their character shines through their actions. Read Matthew 7:16-20 and record what Jesus says and how it applies to each of the characters in the book of Esther. What fruit is evident? What made the difference in each of their lives?
- Take some time and evaluate your life. Think about the decisions you have made and how they have impacted your life. Think about the deliberate choices you have made and the impetuous choices you have made and record the impact it had on your life.
- Read Matthew 25:14-30. Which servant are you at this point in your life? What changes do you need to make no matter which servant you are, no matter how great or small the changes are to be counted more faithful by the Lord?
- Realizing that you cannot do this task on your own, who must you enlist to help you and what must you overcome in order to become more faithful?The options in child care policy are limited - either the nanny state or santa state. The Ottawa citizen has published an article concerning the harsh truth about the universal child care benefit. The increase in the child benefit is not government money and surely not the Conservative parties money but regrettably, the Canadians money. Canadians are not only paying for the government to give some of their money back but they are also paying to be constantly told about the concern their government has that parents might not collect the money. Conservative MP's are also asking people to tweet the prime minister personally to let them know that their money has arrived. The reality is, "there is no threshold of this ostensibly conservative program that takes money away from some taxpayers and gives it to others".
To read full article click hereOpioid-induced respiratory depression (OIRD) is a serious and potentially life-threatening complication of opioid overdose, abuse, and misuse. An option to avert OIRD is to treat patients on strong opioids with respiratory stimulants that do not interact with the opioid system and consequently do not compromise opioid analgesic efficacy. The BK-channel blocker GAL021 is a respiratory stimulant acting at K(+) -channels expressed on type 1 carotid body cells. The authors performed a population pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PKPD) analysis on the ability of GAL021 to reverse alfentanil-induced respiratory depression in 12 male volunteers using an isohypercapnic experimental design. The analysis showed that (1) GAL021 interacts in a multiplicative fashion with alfentanil and GAL021, which predicts that GAL021 efficacy is reduced at low ventilation levels; (2) GAL021 has a rapid onset/offset with a blood-effect site equilibration half-life not different from zero; and (3) GAL021 displays ceiling in its efficacy to reverse OIRD.
Reversal of opioid-induced respiratory depression by BK-channel blocker GAL021: A pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic modeling study in healthy volunteers.CHDR
Roozekrans M, Olofsen E, van der Schrier R, van Gerven J, Peng S, McLeod J, Dahan AThis is more of an annoyance than anything else, but maybe there is a simple solution? I use numerous catalogs, so I have Lightroom prompt me for a catalog on open. Works fine. When I switch catalogs, LR immediately goes to the Import window for the new catalog. No cards inserted, and auto-import is turned off. Only happening on Windows 8 laptop, not on Win 7 desktop. Any ideas?
Thanks
Michael Gauthier
Haven't heard of this sort of behavior before. Have you tried resetting the preferences?Descrizione:
Extremely capable wet cleaning machine that removes dirt and dust from your valuable records
VC-S is a radical new development. There are features which are new for record cleaning machines in this pricerange:
VC.
- Newly developed vinyl cleaning concentrate Wash it & Wash it 78, which offers very good cleaning results and reduces static charge, so record wear as well as stylus wear is signaficantly reduced.E-Mail Reveals Principal & Business Administrator Knew Out-Of-Town Relative Was To Be Tuition-Free
By Saul Qersdyn
Published: March 29, 2016 @ 12:00 PM EST
In reviewing over one hundred pages of emails received through Open Public Records Act (OPRA) requests, Roselle Park News has obtained an e-mail conversation between Roselle Park School District (RPSD) Business Administrator Sue Guercio and Robert Gordon School Principal Frances Kenny that reveals they both were aware that the principal’s relative – who lives out-of-district – was to attend Robert Gordon School under the classification of tuition-free. Public schools are tuition-free for students whose family or legal guardian(s) live in a municipality but those students who go to a public school where they do not live are charged a tuition.
The correspondence, dated May 26, 2015, has Principal Kenny requesting her secretary to ask Mrs. Guercio for the list of choices to have her relative put into Genesis, the district’s student / staff / administration database program. The response from Sue Guercio to Principal Kenny – with no copy to anyone else – is ‘Tuition free – child of a teaching staff member’.
Though the name of the person referred to is redacted, several actions were taken to confirm the identity. First, an OPRA request was submitted to ask for any other agreements for out-of-district students whose family would agree to pay tuition for the 2015-16 school year. A response was returned to the newspaper that no other such contracts existed. Subsequently, Roselle Park News investigated to confirm when registration for the 2015-16 school year was and verified that it was in April of 2015, a month before the e-mail. With no other students going to Robert Gordon School, let alone the district, who needed to have their Genesis coding determined due to a relation to a staff member, the only person Principal Kenny could have been inquiring about was her relative.
This investigation was precipitated by an anonymous letter received by Jacob Magiera as a member of The Concerned Citizens Of Roselle Park in November of last year claiming that a relative of Principal Kenny was going to Robert Gordon tuition-free. He met with the principal in her office and – when asked about the letter and its validity – Principal Kenny confirmed it was true. That led to months of investigation which resulted in the initial news story last month and this subsequent article.
The newspaper has also discovered through sources that the coding from ‘tuition-free’ to ‘paid’ was made in Genesis after Mr. Magiera asked if there was an out-of-district child going to a Roselle Park school tuition-free. Even after the coding was changed, no payment was made – nor apparently sought – for months until after an OPRA request was submitted asking for proof of payment in January of this year. Yet another OPRA request revealed that Principal Kenny’s son – a vice principal in North Arlington – and his wife paid the remainder of the $13,874.00 tuition in full on February 22, 2016 for their child to attend Robert Gordon School.
When reached for a comment, Mrs. Guercio stated that – by law – matters involving students or their families cannot be publicly discussed.
At this point, an in-depth internal investigation should be conducted by the Board of Education. When the investigation is concluded, the findings should be made available to the public in a detailed report.
Below is a copy of the e-mail chain in its entirety as provided to Roselle Park News.STRIKE JOBS NEW DIRECT STRIKEJOBS INDEED
Graduate Production Engineer
Candidate Source
Reference
0811CH1102 Production an opportunity to explore future roles and career development. The organisation has a real commitment to ensuring everyone reaches their full potential whilst contributing to the success of the business.
As part of the Production Engineering team, the Graduate Production Engineer will learn to design and develop ‘near-net forming processes’ for critical customer applications. Working alongside toolmakers, production team leaders and design engineers you will use cutting edge CAE, engineering and structural modelling tools to develop precision rolling and forming processes that deliver rapid prototyping for test-engine development and stable, capable production processes for mature seal programmes.
Successful candidates will have the unrivalled opportunity to experience and contribute to real and critical industrial challenges within an agile, engineering-led and class-leading organisation.
During the 12-month placement the Graduate Production Engineer will be tasked with an individual project targeting the improvement of current production processes. You will be expected to research, analyse and create real added value in the area of tool and process design. Whilst challenging, the opportunity and real possibility that your engineering project could both contribute significantly to the organisations knowledge base and be incorporated into live manufacturing processes upon completion is unrivalled.
To be a successful Graduate Production Engineer you will have the following skills and experience:
- The right to live and work in the UK.
- Be predicted or achieved a minimum 2:1 degree in an engineering / manufacturing / materials degree or equivalent.
- A valid UK driving licence is preferred.
- Good engineering / technical knowledge.
- Be a competent PC user.
- Experience of coding and Finite Element Analysis essential.
- Previous experience within a manufacturing environment is desirable.
- Strong communication skills.
In return the Graduate Production Engineer will receive a salary of £22
-Swansea v Manchester City, Manchester United v Bournemouth and more – live!
Follow all the Premier League action around the grounds on a busy night, with Barry Glendenning
There’s a busy night of top flight fitba action, with league leaders Celtic entertaining Hamilton Academical and hoping to take their unbeaten domestic run to 69 games. It’s a fairly remarkable record, even it has been punctuated with some embarrassing shellackings in Europe. One can’t help but feel these hidings might not happen with such regularity if Celtic were tested by better quality opposition in the Scottish Premiership on a more frequent basis.Elsewhere, second-placed Rangers travel ...
This article originally appeared in theguardian.com, Please read more at original source.
Read more news from The GuardianMonday is upon us once again, & after the holiday weekend, there may indeed be a few of you with the Monday Morning Blues—so I’m hear to put a musical spin on things.
I was really pleased with how the Dylan songs went last month, & was gratified by the response. As a result, I thought I’d continue along these lines with cover versions of a new feature artist this month. After a fair amount of deliberation, I decided to turn my attention to Jimmie Rodgers, “the Singing Brakeman,” also called “the Father of Country Music.”
Jimmie Rodgers was a phenomenon, a hit maker in his day & someone with an enduring legacy—a member of both the Country Music & Rock & Roll halls of fame—a musician who was comfortable in diverse settings & with diverse material. Rodgers recorded with jazz greats like Louis Armstrong & Lil Hardin, yet he also laid a lot of the musical foundation for the “country sound.” His admirers have included Merle Haggard, Gene Autry, Bob Dylan & both Howlin’ Wolf & Muddy Waters. It may seem odd to think of hardcore bluesmen admiring Rodgers, but one thing I’d like to underline in my versions—Rodgers' blues roots ran deep. While he ventured into sentimental material & pop stylings, Rodgers wrote a lot of songs based on good old-fashioned 12-bar blues, complete with “floating lyrics” taken from the blues tradition.
“T.B. Blues” was an autobiographical song for Jimmie Rodgers—he contracted tuberculosis at age 27 in 1924. For a few years, he went back & forth between railroad work & entertaining—he really was a brakeman—but in 1927 his illness had progressed to a point that he could no longer work on the railroad & he became a full-time musician. From then until his death in 1933, he made 110 recordings in the course of a brief but successful career.
Hope you enjoy my take on “T.B. Blues.” It’s recorded slide style on my Gold Tone dobro—tuned as always to open D.
What a thoroughly enjoyable start to a new week, and a New Year. Have a great 2011 John.
Nice cover! Although I notice you didn't try to emulate Jimmie's yodel. Heh, heh!
It's interesting that Jimmie Rodgers and the Carter Family were both discovered by Ralph Peer and recorded the at the same time in Bristol, TN in 1927. Between the two acts, they pretty much created modern country music.
Hi Alan & Roy
Alan: Thanks! Glad to help get your week off to a good start.
Roy: Thanks--no, I can't yodel anything remotely like Jimmie Rodgers! & right on with the history about the Bristol, TN recording sessions.Obit: Wescott,
Lorraine (1919 - 1987)
Contact: Ken Wood
Surnames: WESCOTT DUESENBURG DUVALL SEEFELDT HAUMSCHILD KAISER KYLE SCHEER FISHER
----Sources: Marshfield News Herald (Marshfield, Wood Co., Wis.) 4 Dec 1987
Wescott, Lorraine (19 Dec. 1919 - 3 Dec. 1987)
Spencer, Wis. - Lorraine Wescott, 67, died Thursday evening, at St. Joseph’s Hospital, Marshfield.
Services will be at 1:30 p.m. Sunday at the Trinity Lutheran Church, Unity.The Rev. Timothy Duesenburg will officiate. Burial will be in the Colby Memorial Cemetery.
Visitation will be after 4 p.m. Saturday in the Rux Funeral Home, Spencer.
She was born Dec. 19, 1919 in the town of Unity to Leo and Ella Duvall.
She married Hugh Seefeldt Dec. 23, 1936. They were later divorced. She married Clayton Wescott on Nov. 25, 1947 in the Trinity Lutheran Church, Unity.
Following her second marriage, they lived for four years in Rockford, Ill., before moving to the town of Brighton where they farmed. They celebrared their 40th Anniversary on Nov. 23, 1987.
She was a lifelong member of Trinity Lutheran Church and its Lutheran Church women’s organization.
She is survived by three daughters, Mrs. Janice Haumschild of Rockford, Ill., Mrs. Jack (Janet) Kaiser of Auburndale, and Mrs. Robert (Dawn) Kyle of Bartlett, Ill., one son, David Wescott, Marshfield; three sisters, Lila Seefeldt of Abbotsford, and Irene Scheer and Mrs. Donald (Arva) Fisher, both of Unity; 13 grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren.
She was predeceased by one son, two brothers and her parents.Pressroom
Antonio Barreto
Antonio Barreto is Strategic Consultant for Turner Brazil, reporting to Whit Richardson, President of Turner Latin America. Antonio was brought in with the mission to lead, develop, manage and implement the strategy and action plans to position Turner Brazil for continued innovation and growth. His main role is to provide vision and strategy across all of Turner’s local businesses, assuring the company is effectively leveraging its multiple assets while also building new businesses to seize opportunities in the evolving media industry. Within that scope, Antonio is also leading the process to create a strong and forward looking team and culture for Turner Brazil.
Antonio joined the Turner team in April 2017, after working as strategy consultant and advisor for clients in Media and Sports. An accomplished entrepreneur and consultant with proven expertise in the media, entertainment and telecom industries, Barreto has held C-Suite and other top-level management positions with multi-billion dollar global organizations including América Móvil, Net, Telefonica, Disney, DirecTV, HBO, MTV and Abril.
Barreto has an MBA from Fundação Getúlio Vargas and a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Universidade de São Paulo.Scrum Roles Scrum MasterPosted by BrainConcert
What is a Scrum Master? This role is sometimes quite difficult to understand and implement, especially for organisations with more traditional approaches in organising software development teams. That is because a Scrum Master is NOT a Team Leader OR Project Manager. The role does not posses the level of authority and responsibilities that come with these two positions. Simply put it, a Scrum Master is a facilitator both for the Product Owner and the Scrum Team. He is responsible for making sure a Scrum Team follows the values and practices of Scrum. The Scrum Master is often considered a coach for the team, helping the team do the best work it possibly can. The Scrum Master can also be thought of as a process owner for the team, creating a balance with the project's key stakeholder, who is referred to as the Product Owner.
What does a Scrum Master do? The Scrum Master removes any impediments that obstruct a teams pursuit of its sprint goals. If developers dont have a good sense of what each other are doing, the Scrum Master helps them set up a physical task board and shows the team how to use it. If developers are. Master is also often viewed as a protector of the team. The most common example is that the Scrum Master protects the team by making sure they do not over-commit themselves to what they can achieve during a sprint (such cases appear in projects with overly aggressive product owner).
People who are new to the Scrum Master role find difficult to understand the apparent contradiction of the Scrum Master as both a servant-leader to the team and also someone with no authority. The seeming contradiction disappears when they realize that although
the Scrum Master has no authority over Scrum team members, the ScrumMaster does have authority over the process. A Scrum Master can decide for example to change the duration of a sprint.
The Scrum Master is there to help the team in its use of Scrum. It has authority, but that authority is granted to him by the team. A Scrum Master can say to a team, we were suppose to deliver potentially shippable software at the end of each sprint. We didnt do that this time, so what can we do to make sure we do better the next sprint? This is how Scrum Master is exerting authority over the process; something has gone wrong with the process if the team has failed to deliver something potentially shippable.
But because the Scrum Masters authority does not extend beyond the process, the same Scrum Master should not take decisions on what the team should do in order to correct this. He should provide enough support so that the team finds the correct actions (hence the concept of self-organizing team).
With authority limited to ensuring the team follows the process, the Scrum Masters role can be more difficult than that of a typical project manager. Project managers often have the possibility to say do it because I say so. The times when a ScrumMaster can say something like that are limited and restricted to ensuring that Scrum is being followed.Do you need finance instantly for certain unplanned needs? If yes, then applying for payday today proves to be of great help. Payday today is a short term loan service that allows you to acquire instant financial in Ashburn backing for coping with mid month financial crunches in a convenient manner. Through this loan you can access funds before your next payday. The best thing about this loan is that it doesn't possess any tedious formalities.
In this way, this hassle free financial solution has become really very popular among salaried individuals. To get approved for wages payday you are required to fulfill some common eligibility conditions, which may include the following:-
• You must be in regular employment
• You must have minimum income of £1000 per month
• You must have an active checking account
• You must be an adult with 18 years old or above
Payday today is a short term loan that can avail you small cash aid ranges from £100 to £1500 for the time period of 2 to 4 weeks. The repayment of the loan usually comes on the eve of your next payday.
The most easiest and convenient way to apply for this loan is through internet. Online application method is fast, easy and totally effortless. Now you don't need to visit many places to understand the terms and conditions of the loan. Online you can find numerous lenders with different loan quotes. By comparing these loan quotes properly and carefully you will be able to grab dynamic loan deal at pocket soothing rates.
With the borrowed loan money you can easily met your many unforeseen short term expenses without any restriction at all. Some of the unavoidable needs can be as follows:-
• Unpredicted medical expenses
• Child's examination fees
• Small travel expenses
• Purchasing grocery
• Other small miscellaneous bills.
You can get this effective wages payday loan service without any complex formalities. This loan is free from document faxing hassles and lengthy paperwork transaction. Also there is no credit check included. Hence you loan approval turn out to be quick and you will get the loan money directly in your checking account in a very short time.
Payday today: Same day cash aid before payday, loan before payday please visit (ArticlesBase SC #3207297) Article Source: - Payday today: Same day cash aid before payday.
Tent Cities : Crushing Images of the New America March 12, 2009Posted by aetiusromulous in Economics, news, politics, Video, YouTube.
Tags: california, culture, Economics, economy, Family, happiness, jobs, life, news, politics, relationships, sacramento, society, tent city, Video
add a comment
When Bad Things Happen To Good People.
Heartbreak and Despair
“There, but for the grace of God…”
.?
.
The.
The Energizer Bunny Goes to Cuba… March 31, 2009Posted by aetiusromulous in Commentary.
Tags: books, cuba, culture, essays, Family, friends, happiness, life, love, marriage, relationships, short stories, society, vacation, women, writers
add a comment
(more…)“Need to get off, I’m going to be sick. Need to get off, I’m going to be sick.” Muttered under breath. Head in hand. Down, down, down into his hand and merging. He is Grecian and statuesque there on the bus. This bus takes the long route home, up winding streets adorning steep hills. Pressure rises in the pit of his stomach as the bus climbs. Compounded headaches and queasiness turn the bus into two strips of pure light hanging above, like blurred lights lining a tunnel traversed at high speed. In an instant it is there, a gushing majestic fountain of yellow all spattered and chunky, with vegetables down shirt, shorts, and shoes.
“Are you okay? Should I hit the stop button?” A woman in a side-facing seat ahead of him asks.
“Oh God,” he says. “Oh God… yes, yes, I’ll be fine, I’m sorry, I’ll be fine.” It’s back again, new décor for an old floor, double coat. In art circles it’s a bucolic impasto on polymer after Pollock, in reality it is vomit on the floor of a bus. The man in the seat in front, a shiny headed bald man in a grey hoodie, looks over. There’s a tiny damp spot on the back of the hoodie that will dry out before he gets home probably, but our man has gracefully managed to keep the vast majority of his vomit segregated from the passengers, reserving for it the floor and his seat and his shirt, shorts, and shoes.
“I’ll hit the stop button. I think you should get off, yeah?” Says the woman in the side facing seat. He nods at her, tells her he’s sorry again. The bus stops after a minute and he sidesteps the driver’s booth with his back turned, told him thanks and got off. It seemed the driver hadn’t noticed the man throwing up on his bus, meaning he wouldn’t have to pay a fine for disabusing himself all over the floor. That was something, at least, and probably more than a man who wore the contents of his stomach on the outside could have hoped for.
Taking shelter in the bus stop, he swore at himself while trying to brush chunks of undigested food off his legs. Some people walked past the stop, they didn’t pay any attention to the man with the vomit all over him, which either meant that it was not as bad as he thought, or he was in an area of town where this happened a lot. He didn’t really know where he was. The location name on the bus stop gave him a clue, but there was no way of knowing, the names of streets in one area might correspond to the name of an area on the other side of town. It happens in these quaint English towns, and some of them have roads named after completely different towns, some of which are not even in England.
He walked down the road, not knowing which way he was going through an unfamiliar part of town, and he was covered in his own vomit. If it had been someone else’s vomit he would at least have had someone else to blame, but it was his own. He wondered if the shiny headed bald man in the hoodie had discovered the speck of gastrointestinal fluid that had landed upon him. He wondered if that man despised him for his courtesy, a fraction of a degree removed from perfection in practice, of trying to throw up as far out of other people’s way as was possible on a bus. The bus was long gone, and he decided that for now it was best to forget about it, though he bore the stains of his shame on cloth and skin as a symbol of his character to all onlookers who should pass him.
At the bottom of the hill which perhaps had been the cause of his backfiring gut he was beset on all sides by shops and bars, still open despite the time of night. It was after the third glimpse of fishnets that he realised where he was. The fabled red light district – not quite Amsterdam, he thought, but that was a stupid thought to have had as he had never set foot in Amsterdam – was awash with drunks and druggies and drunk, drugged-up women in fishnet tights and miniskirts offering oral pleasure for any man or woman who was looking for an opportunity to acquire herpes and was willing pay for the privilege. Finding himself thinking about herpes, it was impossible for him to stop licking his lips to feel for cold sores. Eventually he reinterred his grossly protruding lingua as he noticed people were looking at him with severely unkind expressions on their faces. He knew their expressions were unkind somehow, even though they seemed to move by him in a blur.
As he walked along, making it his mission to get out of the red light district, he began to recall the bus ride that had taken him through it in the first place. Oddly he could not remember having seen from the bus window any of the erotic toy shops, the adult cinema, the tastelessly dressed prostitutes, or the kebab shops that seemed with their greasy fly-pecked ersatz meat to complement them so well. Naturally he attributed this to his travel sickness, his eyes had not been focused on what was going on outside while he was trying so hard to ensure that whatever was bubbling up down there stayed down there, not to mention he was looking at it backwards now, coming from the opposite direction, taking as the point of ingress his prior point of egress. Still, he had stolen a few glances, and he could have sworn that he had passed only through a quiet residential area with nothing of this Poundland glitz that presently enveloped him.
After ten, twenty, thirty minutes of walking, he was struck by the idea of eternity. He began to posit to himself theories concerning this interminable open-air den of iniquity. It’s a dream, obviously, no one walks this long in one direction and gets nowhere! Yet he reasoned, quite astutely, that dreams do not work this way outside of fiction, and with the efforts of such directors as Kubrick and Lynch, such writers as Joyce and Pynchon, there was now little excuse for them to operate in that manner in fiction either. No, he could not have walked this far in a dream without blinking and finding himself on a train, in a jungle, in a merging of old family homes, friends’ houses, schools, places of work. In a dream one blinks again and again like a film projector, conjuring up a new image in the theatre of the mind twenty-four times per second.
I must have ingested something that is causing me to hallucinate, I cannot trust my eyes, I could be in very real danger, the middle of a motorway perhaps! He asked himself what he had eaten today. Bread, tinned mackerel in brine, salad consisting of peppers, carrots, cucumber, chervil and basil was the answer, converted by a bus ride from food to fashion accessory. He recognised that all of this was something approaching his standard food intake on any given day, save the occasional bar of chocolate or ransacking of the bakery in the local supermarket. And to drink? Coffee with breakfast, and water from then on, that was all. Then perhaps I’ve contracted some fast acting airborne strain of syphilis! Oh come off it. Maybe I’ve been reading too many books of chivalry, perhaps this is an adventure as befits a knight errant of mighty arm such as myself, and requiring the service of my chaste and noble squire-
“Look here, you, if you don’t cut this out I’ll leave you here,” said the author. “Look for the man in rags, he’ll be down some side street or other. Got it? Good. Now go.”
Suddenly, without quite knowing why, the protagonist got it into his head that he needed to look for a man in rags. If nothing else it seemed reasonable enough action for the unreasonable time and place in which he found himself. He didn’t have to look far, as it turned out he was standing right by the side street that he somehow knew this man would be inhabiting. He walked, finding it was not so much a street but an alley, narrow and enclosed, old and cobbled, dirty but not like the rest of the district, this was a wartime suburban dirt, old Yorkshire dirt. The man was there, or rather a man was there, he was not wearing rags, but a neatly tailored suit, crisp white shirt, black tie. He walked over to our man and said:
“How do you do? I’m the man in rags.” He held out his hand, offering the shake, our man took it:
“I’m the man in vomit. It happened while I was on a bus.”
“Don’t bother me with trivialities. I am here to show you something.” The man in rags motioned for our man to follow him, which our man did without asking anything but:
“Have you got a spare set of clothes? I’d like to get out of these.”
“Please stop talking.”
After ten, twenty, thirty minutes of walking, our man found himself in much the same situation as he had the last time he walked for that long. He had travelled a considerable distance in one direction, yet he was in surroundings no different than before. The alley stretched on ahead to infinity. Eventually the man in rags drew them to a sudden stop.
“Is everything alright?” Our man asked.
“We are here,” said the man in rags. He turned around so that he was facing our man, and produced a handkerchief from the breast pocket of his suit jacket. “Wipe it off before we go in.”
“In?” Taking the handkerchief. “In where? There aren’t any doors here.” In fact it seemed to him that they had been walking by the same featureless brick wall for at least ten minutes, passing the same puddle next to the same cardboard box on the same cobbles – no, not cobbles, concrete now. The concrete was alarmingly smooth. He marvelled at the smoothness of the cold grey floor, touching his hand to it and tracking his fingers along it like an insane and hopeless actor dreaming of Hollywood Boulevard.
“There is no time to stand and admire this superior craftsmanship. Wipe yourself now.” Our man wiped himself, making a mess of the concrete with chunks of undigested pepper and carrot. His shirt, shorts, and shoes were still damp with acid, but the man in rags assured him that dampness would not be an issue. “We will go through here.” The man in rags pointed at a section of the wall indistinct from the rest of it.
“Through the wall?”
“Pay attention.” He walked towards the wall. When he reached the wall he kept going, going further, further still, still going, going through, through the wall. Our man was left standing in the alley, watching the only person who had said anything to him since he left the bus disappear through a wall, but at least he wasn’t covered in vomit any more – that was partially true. At that moment a conscious decision had to be made, so far the protagonist had allowed himself to be led by the author and by agents of the author through this strange place, by the confines of the narrative the former had decided upon for him, including this decision and its outcome, naturally. Recognising that his situation was completely ridiculous, and that it had now been shown to be so in unequivocal terms, our man decided that he was not going through the wall, nor farther along or back through the alley, he was going to stay, he was going to sleep in the cardboard box he had walked past what he conjectured to be hundreds of times already.
The night passed in that box, and after a day or two, though it is impossible to really know, our man ventured to take a look outside. As he had illogically suspected, the outside world had changed again, now to bright sunshine and grass. He crawled out of the box and on to the grass, felt the dry cool blades brush against his palm. He heard that sound cardboard boxes make when they fall off of something, that kind of softly rough rubbing, and then nothing. When he turned to look he was greeted by empty blue ahead, nothing below where the box had been, and the realisation that he was perilously close to the edge. He crawled deeper into the field and stretched out, somniac before the sun for what was again an unknowable period of time.
One moment he sat up and decided to start walking again, there was nothing much else to do besides lay down on the grass, or sit on the grass. Exercises such as sit-ups and press-ups and aerobic dance routines were valid alternatives, but in his opinion those were not things one did while sporting a vomit encrusted shirt. As the field had interminability in common with its predecessors, he devised a game in which he would go so far in one direction, then stop and turn to face another and start walking that way, before stopping again and deciding on a new way to go, and so on. While the game was in play there was almost nothing he could not do, the only strict rule was that he could never turn more than 90º, which he assumed would prevent him from doubling back on himself. The more he played the more he noticed the ambience, or more correctly the lack thereof, furthermore the lack of trees, shrubbery and wildlife, eventually coming to the conclusion that for all its loosely structured charm he would essentially be looking at a featureless sea of grass no matter how long he played the game, so decided to return to the edge for a change of pace.
It took him a while to find it, but the edge was indeed still there. He had no idea if it was the same edge, perhaps he had reached the far edge of a big square, but whether he was back where he started or at a new destination there was still nothing to see. That was until he got the idea to lay down on his belly and, making sure he was as properly secured as he could be, lean over the abyss, and from that vantage point he witnessed the perfect straightness of the cliff, like it had been shorn off by an almighty cutting laser. Then he thought he could trace the edge, see if he could reach something new. This he did, keeping himself a couple of metres from the absolute edge, but nearing it every few minutes to see if there was anything new down there. There never was anything new to see rising from or falling into the void that enclosed the plain, and he was about ready to give up when he saw the most bizarre and frightening thing he could have seen at that moment. A corner of the plain came into view a couple of miles ahead of him, and continuing to put his feet one in front of the other he soldiered on through the sores and blisters that were now forming on his ankles and toes. Naturally, once one finds something anomalous to one’s experience, one must see how deep the rabbit hole goes, and for a countless length of time he trained his brain to create an infallible, or so he hoped, mental map of the place. It was an exercise in futility beyond futility, but he knew he must go on.
At last our man found what he dubbed The Final Corner, so called because right next to it, hanging weightlessly over the edge, was another box like the one he had arrived in, and it seemed logical to him that this box, like the box in the alley, should be another transport to another place, possibly one that was not a large plain. The plain, by the way, was a twenty-sided 2-polytope that may or may not have been abstract, by our man’s reckoning, but he wasn’t up to scratch on combinatorics so that detail was at best a guess. Feeling a sea change – most paradoxically – in the air, he walked over to the box and crawled in, shutting the side flap and bringing his vision to a cold dark zero. It wasn’t too long before he heard a soft friction, then silence.Based on the true story of French commando unit who clashed with tribes in New Caledonia, the Melanesian territory of France, Rebellion is the latest project from actor/director Mathieu Kassovitz.
In April 1988 30 police are kidnapped by Kanak separatists on Ouvéa Island in the French colony of New Caledonia.
Paris despatches a 300-strong commando unit to restore order, the captain (Kassovitz) of which is sent in to the heart of the rebel base to negotiate a peaceful solution. But against the highly pressured backdrop of France’s presidential elections the stakes are high and all bets are off…
Rebellion also stars Malik Zidi, Alexandre Steiger, Daniel Martin, Jean-Philippe Puymartin, Philippe de Jacquelin Dulphé.
Lionsgate UK will release Rebellion in cinemas from April 12, 2013If you’re thinking about switching online stock brokers, perhaps due to a price increase, here are some low-cost options. To avoid the common $50 to $75 ACAT transfer-out fee for moving your entire portfolio somewhere else, you can sell all your positions, transfer out the cash, and then have them close the account. You may be subject to capital gains taxes. Otherwise, look for a broker that will cover your transfer-out fee.
Still want free trades? WellsTrade still offers 100 free trades per year with assets of at least $25,000. They may be feeling squeezed as well, but with the ability to cross-sell with other Wells Fargo products like checking accounts and credit cards, they are probably still making money. Bank of America also offers free trades, but with a $25,000 cash balance only.
If you’re looking to build a low-cost, index fund portfolio, I would recommend opening a Vanguard Brokerage Services account with their unlimited free trades for all Vangaurd ETFs. Indeed, many other brokers offer some sort of free trades on a limited list of ETFs including Fidelity, Schwab, and TD Ameritrade. I personally like the selection at Vanguard the best.
If you want to trade individual stocks, the rock-bottom low-cost broker appears to be Just2Trade at $2.50 a trade. They never seem to do any promotions.
I also have an account with OptionsHouse at $3.95 a trade which uses the same Penson clearing firm. A FW member TheHimalayas posted that they were allowed to switch over to OptionsHouse with no ACAT fees because of this, but I haven’t verified this myself. I am happy with my OptionsHouse account, and the fact that they grandfathered us existing members at $2.95 a trade doesn’t hurt.
OptionsHouse also has a bunch of promos going on. If you open a new account with at least $3,000 and use the code FREE100, you’ll get 100 commission-free trades for stock or option trades executed within 60 days of funding the new account. Alternatively, you can get up to $100 in ACAT fees rebated to you when you transfer your account with a minimum value of $3,000 with the promo code ACAT100REFUND. They also have a 100 free trades + $125 in transfer fee rebates offer for IRAs with the promotion code IRAFREE.
Finally, another solid option at the $4.95 price point is TradeKing. TradeKing will credit your account transfer fees up to $150 charged by another brokerage firm when completing an account transfer for $2,500 or more when you send them a copy of your account statement with proof of the transfer charge.We all know trying to find that perfect and unique glass art piece is next to impossible. It's only at fine art and craft shows such as Artfest Toronto that you come across glass art that draws you in and makes you wonder; How in the world did they make that?
Well...at Artfest Toronto. this Victoria Day long weekend from May 20th - 22nd, we are happy to host a selection of fine glass artists along the cobble stone streets of the Distillery Historic District. So, be sure to drop by our talented glass artists' booths to check out their astonishing art pieces.
La Glasseria
UK WISP to offer VoIP
November 21, 2003
Downloadable software will let users at ReadytoSurf hotspots talk and surf over a WLAN.
Patrons of U.K. hotspots will soon be able to make voice calls over public wireless LANs, thanks to a new service from Internet access provider Broadreach Networks.
The service, called ReadytoTalk, won't officially launch until next summer, but Broadreach will do a test run with 40,000 customers in the interim. The voice over IP (VoIP) service will be an add-on to the company's ReadytoSurf hotspot service, which passed the 500,000 user mark this week.
All ReadytoSurf sites will also be ReadytoTalk-enabled, according to Broadreach CEO Magnus McEwen-King. There are currently 129 ReadytoSurf hotspots in coffee shops, retail stores, hotels and other locations across the United Kingdom.
Like ReadytoSurf, the VoIP service will be offered through ISPs and wireless carriers. Users will need to download software, developed by Broadreach, to their laptop or PDA (McEwen-King said the company plans to support all the major operating systems). Pricing for the service is not yet available.
Broadreach has been contemplating a VoIP service for a while, but has been waiting for the right time to enter the market, said McEwen-King. "VoIP has always been a much talked about proposition, but the quality levels have not been there. However, in the last six months, a number of companies have made significant strides in improving both the costs and quality. We feel there's another few months to go, but now is the time to start doing end-user testing with our ISP and mobile phone operator partners."Published: Friday, November 10, 2017 @ 8:03 AM
By: Bob D’Angelo, Cox Media Group National Content Desk
LANSING, Mich. — A Michigan Senate committee approved bills Tuesday that will allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons in several gun-free zones, the Detroit Free Press reported.
>> Read more trending news
The bill would allow people to carry guns at schools, churches, day care centers, stadiums and bars.
The legislation comes on the heels of a mass shooting at a south Texas church Sunday that left 26 people dead and 20 more injured. That occurred a month after a mass shooting at an outdoor concert outside Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas..”.
"That’s the part that causes the schools to shut down and lose a day of educational experience for students, and that’s problematic," Meekhof said.
Gun-free zones should be called “mass murderer empowerment zones,” said.Public Archaeology: Failing the Public, Failing Archaeology
I had a roommate that used my trade as a pickup line. I kid you not. He would walk across a crowded room at a bar filled with young lawyers and lobbyists in downtown DC. We were all drinking frozen pomegranate margaritas. After all, it was the usual happy hour special. He would announce, “my friend over there is an archaeologist”. This roommate and close friend was drop dead gorgeous, 6’4″, model face, witty, creative. All he needed was a conversation piece. I was it. It roped me into awkward conversation while he flourished nicely.
Many are unaware that there are archaeological professionals that thrive outside every day across Northern America, love to dig in the dirt, sometimes are lucky enough to find an artifact or feature they think awesome, move across the country from job to job and are horrified at the idea of the office life. They work for environmental impact studies, development reviews, required park surveys, etc. I am always asked if I am a student even though I long ago paid my archaeological professional dues.
Once someone knows what I do, the conversation moves toward a program on a major channel that does an excellent job hooking people on the humanities, social science, history, or science. I am suddenly lost because I have never studied ancient Egypt and certainly don’t know the most recent archaeological find. I avoid watching these channels because they are chalked full of half statements designed to keep people watching.
I also stopped reading a lot of news and magazine articles after seeing so many stories about projects I was involved. While not always the case, people are often misquoted. Basics of our work are often grossly misunderstood. Articles can include many factual errors and still make it to print. I am impressed we are not called paleontologists in the paper more often.
Here lies part of the problem. This misinformation ensures that many professionals no longer want to be a part of the conversation. Cyclical, isn’t it? Archaeologists are the only ones who can correct it. If we don’t, who will? And Professionals are not without their hypocrisy. I mean, do I really have to give up the Indiana Jones notion and still tell someone Mr. Jones is basically a thief?
I find myself afraid that archaeology is actually boring without the distorted lens of a producer. I fear that my giddiness over a tiny piece of a glass bottle doesn’t translate. It’s not that I have great vision to see what once was. I really am just enthusiastic about a fragment of glass. I fear my definition of exciting is not the same as others.
The single most important idea that we have failed to express is that an item by itself when taken away from where it was found is a shattering loss of data that could have profound implications. I love that people are interested in collecting. I would love to collect myself, but if we don’t teach others the appropriate ways in which things should be collected, we will continue to lose valuable information about our heritage.
A collection of artifacts from across the country that has no accompanying information breaks my heart every time. While it is true, not everyone will care, until we explain why, we are failing the public and also doing a disservice to the resources we are trying so hard to protect.
I have no table today. I wish I did. There will be more in the future. In the next few posts I will expand upon why context is so important when you stumble upon the material culture of the past.
My old roommate did not leave a comment, but I was told that he thought this was hilarious. I’m sure he did… I’m sure he did 🙂Sir David Bell … co-founder of Common Purpose and ex-chairman of Media Standards Trust
(UK) The Sun newspaper article By TOM WELLS, Home Affairs Correspondent, and RHODRI PHILLIPS Published: 17th November 2012, reported with the above headline and following subheadline:
“Jimmy Savile scandal opens up a can of worms for Leveson.”
How MANY years has it taken for the mainstream media to finally publish an article such as this, revealing the GLOBAL secret agenda of “Common Purpose”? The Alternative Press and internet sites however have been exposing Common Purpose for a number of years, thanks to the research of Mr Brian Gerrish a former Naval Commander and Editor of the UK Column. Gerrish, diligent in his research and presentations of the cult CP, unravelled the insidious and nefarious activities of this secret organisation headed by David Bell and his side kick Julia Middleton. Common Purpose International is being used to implement the European Union / New World Order communitarian agenda in the UK and globally. The cult sent in its henchmen and women to infiltrate, undermine and destroy every sector of our govermental agencies/departments, our culture and indeed everything that was once British.
Rumour has it that journalists working for the Bureau of Investigative Journalisiam (BIJ), were deliberately setup to fail for doing their job too well!
Above CP Map -image, source:
Obama mentioned “Common Purpose in his first inaugural speech 4 years ago as did Clegg and Cameron at the inception of the coalition coming into office.
USA Common Purpose Project Washington DC uniting top left-leaning Obama officials
Many individuals and companies are linlked to and use Common Purpose, such as:
The late Anita Roddick was chair of Common Purpose International , her husband Gordon Roddick was the founder of 38 Degrees which supported the Hacked Off Campaign that led to the Leveson inquiry. 38 Degrees along with avaaz.org network petitions, claimed victory for the campaign.
Janet Paraskeva was appointed to reform the Law Society of England/Wales as its Cheif Executive, reform the Child Support Agency, as worked with Child Line, Ofsted, British Youth Council and the Youth Justice Board. She created the European Confederation of Youth Organisations, served as Justice of the Peace, School Governor, Non-Executive Director of Fosse Community Health Trust, ran the England office for the National Lottery Charities Board. At present she serves as Chair of the Child Maintenance and Enforcement Commission. A member of the Privy Council. On 5 September 2005, she was appointed to the board of Britain’s Serious Organised Crime Agency. How has one woman managed to command so much influence over so many organistions? Does Common Purpose offer such influential training and networking? Is it a secret? Misuse of NLP perhaps?
Sharmishta Chakrabarti, head of Liberty and speaker at Common Purpose Master Class.
Companies:
Deutsche Bank.
More here: CP Exposed
Other mind training methods used in a similar way to Common Purpose:
Equality and Diversity
Life Coaching
Misuse of Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT)
Misuse of NLP
The Common Purpose is SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPEMENT, AGENDA 21 in progress globally.
“I am optimistic about Rio+20, which will give new impetus to future leaders and will renew the agenda for sustainability for the coming decades. From my perspective, there are two key issues for a future leaders in the field of sustainable development.”
~ Mariano Spitale, sustainability manager, PricewaterhouseCooper. (What)?
The late great Joan Veon was the first person to uncover and expose Public Private Partnership – Sustainable Developement:
Sutainable Devleopment, Agenda 21 and Prince Charles
Public Private Partnerships by Joan Veon
Power, Strategy and Players of World Government by Joan Veon
The Sun’s article continues:
” A SHADOWY left-wing lobby group was last night accused of influencing the Leveson Inquiry — and threatening Press freedom.”
The secretive Common Purpose network was founded by Sir David Bell, one of Lord Justice Leveson’s six key advisers probing press standards.
Its tentacles spread from police forces to government departments, an investigation by the Daily Mail has revealed.
Taxpayer-funded bodies pay up to £5,000 a week to send their employees on Common Purpose’s “leadership” courses.
But critics say Common Purpose is more like a secret society, using its 35,000 “graduates” to shape policy through the back door.
In another twist, it emerged that Sir David, 66, and Common Purpose chief Julia Middleton are also co-founders of the Media Standards Trust — a campaign group desperate to muzzle Britain’s free Press and which created the celebrity-led pressure group Hacked Off.
He.
Newsnight over-reacted to criticism by airing the baseless story from the BIJ.
The influence of Common Purpose across Westminster and public life is huge.
In just five years, the Department of Work and Pensions spent £240,000 on courses, while the cash-strapped Ministry of Defence forked out more than £300,000.
Under ex-Commissioner Lord Blair, Scotland Yard spent tens of thousands of pounds sending its officers for training.
One of them was Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick (left), slammed for her role in the shooting by cops of innocent Brazilian Jean Charles de Menezes in 2005.
Ms Dick later went on to appoint now-retired Met Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers to head all Scotland Yard’s numerous probes into alleged newspaper wrongdoing. Ms Akers was in charge of the Met’s North West child protection team at the time eight-year-old Victoria Climbie was tortured to death in 2000.
The country’s second biggest force, West Midlands, sent 27 officers, including an Assistant Chief Constable, on Common Purpose courses under Chief Constable at the time Paul Scott-Lee (image insert left). In another twist, Mr Scott-Lee has spent the past year sitting as a Leveson adviser alongside Sir David.
A third Leveson panel member is Lord Currie, an ex-chairman of media watchdog Ofcom. Under his leadership, Ofcom officials were sent on Common Purpose courses.
Others with close links to Common Purpose include Labour MP Chris Bryant. He was the group’s London manager. Mr Bryant clashed with the Press after photos of him posing in his underpants on dating sites were published. He has been a vocal supporter of the Leveson inquiry.
But, while Common Purpose “graduates” sit in some of the most powerful positions in public life, the group has a sinister side.
It was slammed in 2009 for a chilling campaign against members of the public trying to uncover its secrets using Freedom of Information laws. It covertly sent out a “blacklist” of 18 people who had made FOI requests to public bodies, demanding that officials should not respond to them.
The blacklist included names, addresses and phone numbers.
Privacy watchdog the Information Commissioner’s Office said it was a probable breach of the Data Protection Act.
Meanwhile, details yesterday emerged of Sir David’s ties to pressure groups desperate to control Britain’s Press.
The Media Standards Trust (MST) he co-founded and was once chairman of has lobbied for tough Press reform — including in evidence given to Leveson while Sir David looked on as an adviser…”
Read more:Rhonda Baird joined the group
NAPC – Permaculture and Media 1 year, 1 month ago
Crystal Huang started the topic hello, is anyone there? in the discussion
NAPC – Permaculture and Media 1 year, 2 months ago
Crystal Huang posted an update in the group
NAPC – Permaculture and Media]
Crystal Huang created the group
NAPC – Permaculture and Media 1 year, 4 months ago
Public Groupactive 1 year, 1 month ago.Let’s face it; we are living in a dominating culture where the lack of masculinity links directly to the shame. So from the early ages, parents invest their children to be more masculine, in case of boys to man them up, and in case of girls to be tooled for boys to feel their support. Children don’t need parents to say out loud, but eventually will learn at their social environment that boys are not allowed to cry. This is “a culture that perceives boys and men to be activity oriented, emotionally illiterate, and interested only in independence… Boys know by late adolescence that their close friendships, and even their emotional acuity, put them at risk of being labelled girly, immature, or gay. Thus, rather than focusing on who they are, they become obsessed with who they are not – they are not girls, little boys nor, in the case of heterosexual boys, are they gay. In response to a cultural context that links intimacy in male friendships with an age, a sex (female), and a sexuality (gay), these boys mature into men who are autonomous, emotionally stoic, and isolated.”
Shortly enough, we fall into loneliness, isolated from friendships that involve deep emotions; men are not supposed to feel love from their fellow friends, nor to have an emotion from the beginning as it is a shame and weakness for being masculine. Emotional isolation is ranked as high a risk factor for mortality as smoking. Now we have enough evidence that loneliness is lethal, along with Alzheimer’s, obesity, high blood pressure, heart disease, and even cancer. Loneliness now is considered as a modern epidemic easily observed in many urban areas, and such so it should be treated as a matter of public concern. Nowadays, loneliness is a public health crisis. The culture of masculinity disconnects us from our relationships, and here is where we observe the culture crashes with our own social nature.
The fountain of this mentioned lack of social connectivity not only comes from the social pressure of masculinity, but also from romanticism. Those two factors are actually deeply connected. We have an innate nature of love, compassion and empathy; a-seven-year-old boy can deeply feel love to his male company in the kindergarten, but social pressure labels such love, basically limiting the capacity of love. The same boy might feel empathy for a baby sparrow fallen from the tree and then be told not to cry. The social pressure of masculinity suppresses the capacity of love, and the romanticism shapes the form of how to express our love into a traditionally male-female monogamous relationship. There can be found many essays and opinions about whether monogamy is counterintuitive to human nature or not. Some scientific articles even claims “the ancestral condition for humans is probably polygyny.” Regardless of those opinions between monogamy and polygyny, it isn’t hard to witness the dominance of romanticism in our daily lives from the basic Hollywood plot to ‘One day I’ll meet the right person and maybe get marry with her/him’ conversations.
In this dominant culture of masculinity, eager for ‘sexual capital’, equivalent of going to the gym, can be easily witnessed. Basically the fitness industry is based on marketing to stimulate the lack of man’s masculinity and on forcing those who feel such lack to consume their products, ideology and time. The gained sexual capital should be validated by showing it off, and social medias – such as Facebook, Instagram, WeChat, Tinder, Grindr or whatever kind – have been a great channel for this demonstration even to individual level, which hadn’t been accessible when the media – television and radio back then – only showed unilaterally the figure of some fitness elites. Now everyone can post their own sexual capital and with the validation from others their investment in sexual capital pays off. But this is the beginning of a vicious circle; investment in sexual capital pays off only with validation of others. In such sense, “masculinity is precarious. It has to be constantly enacted or defended or collected. We see this in studies: You can threaten masculinity among men and then look at the dumb things they do. They show more aggressive posturing, they start taking financial risks, they want to punch things.” (No wonder in some oriental cultures, being masculine sometimes is synonym for being stupid.)
This channel to guarantee the validation of one’s sexual capital makes one to feel more needy for others’ validation, which leads to the never-ending and unfulfilling circle until one accomplishes her/his self-sufficiency; which we name loneliness. What are the alternatives then? with crashing and confronting the traditional masculinity and romanticism would work? Isn’t is depressing to think that there’s no right person to marry with when this is only thing family asks every Christmas holidays? I want to believe that we all genuinely have the capacity to love which is not possessive but mutually mirroring to share and grow; it doesn’t have to be labelled monogamous or polygynous. It doesn’t have to be labelled heterosexual or homosexual. Can we just be honest and comfortable with how we feel with others and freely expressing it in any way possible?
Don, I appreciate what you have given as food for thought. I will for sure read it again.
Thank you! I worried that this post may lack some logical links but your words cheered me up! Hope you have a great day connecting people around 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Don, I think you have a unique message you are putting out and you do it beautifully. I am nominating you for the Unique Blogger Award!! You blog is truly unique and your so talented. Congrats!!
Thank you 🙂Xen Offshore Russia Linux VPS can be an open sources server technology,
Before we take a look at how these two areas differentiate for both Xen Windows VPS hosting options, though, let’s provide for you an instant introduction to the two VPS options altogether.
Xen Paravirtualization (PV) and Xen Full Virtualization (HVM). Both these can be utilized simultaneously about the same Xen Offshore Russia Linux VPS system. Unlike OpenVZ, Xen can even be used for both Linux and Germany XEN VPS, with Xen PV encouraging Linux and Xen HVM aiding Windows.
Our Linux VPS deals utilize Xen PV virtualization. These PV friends don’t have almost any emulated hardware, but the graphical console is still available, and the PV guest graphical console can, in fact, be looked at using the VNC client (with a separate VNC server in dom0 for each guest).
Alternatively, our Xen Offshore Russia Linux VPS and Forex VPS plans utilize Xen HVM virtualization. These guests require CPU server extensions from the sponsor CPU (Intel VT, AMD-V) and offer full Laptop or computer hardware, including BIOS, IDE disk controllers, VGA graphic adapters, USB controllers, and network adapters (aka the works!) for HVM guests.40 Convent Ave
New York, NY 10027
58 W 143rd St
New York, NY 10037
3318 Broadway
New York, NY 10031
255 Exterior Street
Bronx, NY 10451
200 East 135th Street
Bronx, NY 10451
385 Gerard Ave
Bronx, NY 10451
112 Bruckner Blvd
Bronx, NY 10454
395 Brook Avenue
Bronx, NY 10454
601 E 137th St
Bronx, NY 10454
359 Wales Ave
Bronx, NY 10454
979 Brook Ave
Bronx, NY 10451
367 Southern Blvd
Bronx, NY 10454
1045 Webster Ave
Bronx, NY 10456
330 Bruckner Blvd
Bronx, NY 10454
410 River Rd
Edgewater, NJ 07020
1376 Cromwell Avenue
Bronx, NY 10452
411 Anderson Avenue
Fairview, NJ 07022
8301 River Rd
North Bergen, NJ 07047
4077 Park Ave
Bronx, NY 10457
1415 Old Bergen Blvd
Fort Lee, NJ 07024
955 Bronx River Avenue
Bronx, NY 10473
6700 River Rd
West New York, NJ 07093
1425 Bruckner Boulevard
Bronx, NY 10472
1810 Southern Boulevard
Bronx, NY 10460
550 Main St
Fort Lee, NJ 07024 City or in any other nearby city like New York, Long Island City, Bronx City City storage search query we are showing 47 storage facilities. Within 25 miles of your, New York City storage search query we are showing 221 storage facilities. Within 45 mile of your, New York City storage search query we are showing 240 storage facilities.w a t c h Weeds Season 8 Episode 6 Online Free HDTV
Watch Weeds Season 8 Episode 6 Online Free Streaming Free Streaming Weeds Season 8 Episode 6 Online Stream Video S08XE06 Free Watch Weeds Season 8 Episode 6 Weeds Season 8 Episode 6,Thursday 8/5/2012 Youtube VIDEO On Showtime TV serial Show All Politics is Local Episode For Free Trailer and Preview of 8/5/2012 Cast Crew Pictures and Wallpapers its mean all things are available in my blog please see and check here for latest things for you thanks
WATCH HERE ==> Watch Weeds Season 8 Episode 6 Online
Full Summary:)…..The series follows the events in Nancy’s life as she gets drawn into the criminal system, develops a client base, starts a front to hide her selling, creates her own strain of weed called MILF, and tries to stay out of jail and protect her children.
Series.
Episode Summary:
Nancy undertakes a job search; Jill has big news for Andy and Doug; and Silas tries to track down his stolen plants. Meanwhile, Shane fabricates an ingenious plan to score some extra spending money at the police academy.Question about Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized Sewing Machine | Baby Lock Ellure
Oct 01, 2012 | Singer Quantum XL-1000 Computerized Sewing...
Nov 07, 2009 | Singer CE-100 Futura Computerized Sewing...
Jan 21, 2009 | Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized...
Dec 25, 2008 | Baby Lock Esante
Dec 20, 2008 | Baby Lock Esante
Dec 04, 2008 | Elna 2007 Mechanical Sewing Machine
Nov 19, 2008 | Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized...
Nov 04, 2008 | Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized...
Mar 26, 2008 | Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized...
See all Singer CE-200 Quantum Futura Computerized Sewing Questions
160 people viewed this question
Usually answered in minutes!
Level 3 Expert
5218 Answers
Level 2 Expert
48 Answers
Step 2: Please assign your manual to a product:
×10pc Magnetic Bits Designed to fit Dewalt & Makita Cordless Drill ….. Best Seller on Amazon!
10pcs Magnetic Bit Extensions
These bit extensions measure approximately 2 1/4″ long
These bit extensions feature strong magnets permanently mounted inside the front tips
These bit extensions make your work easier as the inserted bits become magnetized
These bit extensions fit any standard bits philips, flat, torx, etc
These bit extensions are brand new and perfect accessories for your Dewalt or Makita cordless
NOTE: photographs are for illustration purpose only. Actual item may slightly differ from the pictures shown.
List Price: $ 10.99
Price: $ 7.99
Reprint Please Indicate: Power Drill Drivers » 10pc Magnetic Bits Designed to fit Dewalt & Makita Cordless Drill ….. Best Seller on Amazon! ReviewsCarp Fishing Videos
The popularity of carp fishing extends far across the globe and for good reason. The challenge, adventure and fun of fishing for carp is unique and is one that is passed down through generations of anglers. You never forget the fight of a carp and that familiar bend in your rod. Our carp fishing videos bring the joy of fishing when you cannot be out on the water yourself.Our carp fishing videos are sourced with our viewers in mind. Every video is a high-quality production that is shot, edited, and presented to provide you with the best information and entertainment. The videos themselves allow you to enjoy and experience the adventure of fishing for carp from the comfort of your home and will whet your appetite for your next fishing adventure. Our carp fishing videos cover:
- The Latest Carp Fishing Equipment
- The Best Locations to Fish for Carp
- Fishing Tips and Techniques from the Experts
- Carp Fishing Holidays
- A Wide Variety of Topics
You’ll get to see a variety of new locations and experience the excitement of fishing for carp through our video library. Our videos are meant to be watched and enjoyed, but we also know that you want the very latest information and tackle updates. That’s why Angling TV is soaring in popularity, especially with those who enjoy carp fishing, as we bring you the very latest product details and news.
Why Watch Our Carp Fishing Videos?
First and foremost, all the fishing videos you see on Angling TV are free to view. This means that you get to watch some outstanding fishing action with absolutely no cost to you. You can watch and learn with some great tips and advice from professional anglers.
New Products: You’ll get to see some of the latest carp fishing equipment in action, highlighting products that will help make your carp fishing more enjoyable and productive. We have videos from some of the top fishing brands showing off the very latest carp fishing technology.
Instructive: We have a range of instructional carp fishing videos that will show you tips and techniques that will help you bag the fish. You can watch and learn from the pros trying out the methods that they use on your next fishing trip. Find out about new ways to catch carp, what products to use, and even safety tips so that you can get the most out of your next fishing adventure.
Entertaining: The people you see on-screen love to fish and they bring to life the joy, excitement, and experience of their fishing adventures. Their love for carp fishing is contagious and you’ll find yourself on the edge of your seat hoping they land that monster carp.
If you like carp fishing, then Angling TV is the site to visit to view free carp videos. Our wide range of content has something for all and will help to inform you your next fishing adventure. Sit back, relax and enjoy our top-quality carp fishing videos.Chichen Itza Bracelet PDF
P-016
Chichen Itza Bracelet PDF
USD
$5.00
Instant Download
My love of all things Mayan, especially the pyramids, was the inspiration for this design.
This one is odd count peyote stitch....which takes a little time but is totally worth it.
The PDF file includes a graph chart, a word chart, and a bead index. Two colorways are included in this pattern.
Tha pattern makes a cuff 1.75" wide and up to 7.5" long without clasps.
As everyone has their own preference for closures be it magnets, slide-locks or beaded toggles no instructions for a clasp are included.Like the T-shirt says, ``4-H ain`t all cows and cooking.``
Since 1939, Broward County 4-H has worked to reflect the ever-changing interests of youth. Horse clubs continue to be the backbone of this county`s program, but 4-H also offers photography, physical fitness, auto mechanics, beekeeping, public speaking, even computer programming.
Even so, the image persists that 4-H is simply an activities outlet for rural youth.
The ``4-H ain`t all cows and cooking`` T-shirts surfaced a few years ago by 4-H members eager to clarify the group`s identity.
``I didn`t get teased at school; it was mostly curiosity,`` said Rodney Temple, a Parkland resident who has been involved in 4-H for 12 years. ``It`s surprising how many people don`t know what 4-H really is.``
For Temple, 4-H has been a family affair for as long as he can remember. His hard work paid off two years ago with first-place honors for barbecued chicken at the 4-H national contest in Louisville, Ky.
Now that his days as a club member are over, Temple, 20, serves as leader of the Parkland 4-H Club, which is not restricted to city residents.
Temple`s new role is indicative of what 4-H teaches, according to Elaine T. Klatt, director of the Broward County Cooperative Extension Service, University of Florida. Along with agriculture, marketing, home economics, marine science and related fields, 4-H is a division of the Extension Service Office located in Davie.
``It`s immaterial what kind of club -- horse, garden or whatever -- it`s the same basic principle, leadership, that they`re learning,`` Klatt said. ``4-H also develops camaraderie and exposes youngsters to different careers.``At 11:46 AM 10/11/2010 -0400, Barry Warsaw wrote: >On Oct 08, 2010, at 11:37 PM, P.J. Eby wrote: > > ? > >I don't know, but the fix you did commit fixes the build problem for me. But it still doesn't fully extract the archive. The problem should now be fixed entirely in the latest snapshot -- in addition to not matching the path processing correctly, I had an extraneous argument being passed to getmember().Have you ever had one of those moments where your Spirit jumps for joy and you feel like you've just came to a new epiphany that has been waiting there for you to discover. Then once you stumble upon it you have that "ah hahh" moment. Well I just had that moment hence me writing this blog. I was lying in bed reading my Bible. I am reading from Romans.I try to read at least when I wake up and go to sleep and through out the day if can squeeze it in (I know that's bad but I am working on it). After all I have no excuse since I sleep with my phone which has the Bible on it. But back to the story. I was lying in bed reading Romans, picking up from chapter 5. In that chapter, it talked about the difference between Adam and Jesus. Adam brought death through his sin and disobedience but Jesus gave us grace and the ability to grasp righteousness which gives us LIFE.
In chapter 6 which is the infamous piece when people are baptized as they come into the Kingdom of God. Honestly, I never realized the strength of these words. I hear them every time a person is baptized but there have been no real meaning to the scriptures until I just read them today. That chapter asks questions pertaining to Adam and Jesus. It's so much to write and I can probably go on for days but read it for yourself! From chapter 6 leading up to chapter 8, these chapters let us know that even though we are born into sin and we have sinful nature, we do not have to abide by it. It lets us know that even though we are trapped in these bodies momentarily we don't have to live as this body wants us to live because as we were baptized we were dying to the old ways. It not only signifies that but it also synonymous to the death of Christ. Before Christ, every one was a sinner, but after He died on the cross and rose again three days later our sins were forgiven. And that is the truth behind baptism.
In chapter 7, Paul (the writer of the book) makes the distinction between our mind and our flesh. The mind serves God while the flesh serve sin. He talks about how sin overcomes us and how it is so enticing. The law by which the mind abides by and the law by which the flesh abide by are contrary to each other, so which law are we to follow are the main arguments Paul is trying to make.
And that is the transition into chapter 8. Between these two chapters is where I jumped out of bed and behind the computer because at the end of chapter 7 Paul makes it seem that we should serve both the flesh and the mind by saying "25..I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. so then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin." But remember from chapter 5 to 8 he makes clear of our death to sin once we were baptized. He doesn't say it as plainly but he does. So with that being said, the law of the mind and of God supersedes that of the law of the flesh and sinful ways. Finally he ends chapter 8 with "38-39..For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, not angels, nor principalities, nor powers, not things present nor things to come, 39 Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord."
Nothing, not even the law of sin can keep us away from God. Nothing!
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.Dolce Vita Magazine - Winter 2007/2008
Dr. Hugh McLean Puts Your Best Face Forward
By Stephanie D’Angelo
With his charming persona and professional manner, Dr. Hugh McLean is one of Toronto’s best plastic surgeons. For over 25 years, the good doctor has been reshaping the field of cosmetic surgery, improving the appearance and confidence of countless men and women along the way.
The McLean Clinic in Mississauga is where miracles happen. Always bustling with clients, the clinic offers a full range of aesthetic services, including short-scar facelifts, body sculpting, breast augmentation and tummy tucks. Dr. McLean also performs non-surgical techniques like Botox and other fillers for those less daring.
Dr. McLean’s combination of personal consultation, surgical technique and follow-up helps to establish trust between doctor and patient, and makes for flawless results. “We’ve looked at every aspect of having cosmetic surgery and tried to make each step of the way easy for the patient,” he says. Dr. McLean is dedicated to meeting each of his clients’ individual needs, and the comfortable and hassle-free experience that he offers is precisely what sets him apart from others in the field.
Dr. McLean’s philosophy defines cosmetic surgery as a creative science requiring an understanding of people’s concerns in order to deal with their physical imperfections. He truly believes in the benefits of plastic surgery, as its results are not just skin deep but can significantly impact one’s lifestyle and well-being. So, a visit to Dr. McLean may not only improve your appearance, but it will also give your self-esteem a makeover.
To Dr. McLean, the most satisfying part of his work is simple. “It’s the smiles that I get when people come back and show me how happy they are with my work,” he says. Although he performs a multitude of procedures, Dr. McLean does have a favourite. “If I had to choose one procedure, I’d do a facelift because the face is the area that people can see the most, and I think it’s the most rewarding because your work is out there for everyone to see.”
When it comes to style, Dr. McLean believes it is all about elegance. "A person of style is someone who gets respect from others, not because of their money or position, but because of how they treat others," he says. "I think Princess Diana is a great example of that because she really did have genuine concern for her children, for victims of AIDS and mine workers, and she used her position to help others, which shows real style."
With such a busy schedule, it’s hard to imagine Dr. McLean unwinding, but when he does have some down time, he likes to mix a healthy blend of travel and recreation. "I just like to relax, whether it’s going out for a nice meal, reading a book, watching a movie or spending time with friends.” Although he’s quite the globetrotter, Dr. McLean stays true to his roots. “I’ve been to Cairo, London, New York, Paris and Rome, but I still think that Toronto really is the best place in the world to live," he says.
When asked to define living la dolce vita, Dr. McLean says that the good life is the life that most people have or can have in Canada. "Here we have wonderful opportunities for education, health, employment and good jobs, and I think that those things are the fundamentals in living the good life," he said..Sarah - posted on 01/30/2009 ( 2 moms have responded )
78
21
11
Hi my name is Sarah I've been on circle of mums a week or so now and it seems like hardly anyone here is from the UK.
I am looking for people interested in the natural side of birth and life in general i.e: home birthing water birthing breastfeeding eco friendly cleaning and so on as this is what I am interested in I have started a group or community called nature's way uk and would love to see any of you there if you are interested inthese things too or even if you aren't and you just want to chat with some other UK Mummies!
Hope to see you there
Luv Sarah xx
2 CommentsView replies by
Sarah - posted on 05/24/2012
268
33
18
mum of three boys in west mids.
natural birth for all my boys
extended bf
sarahx
Carla - posted on 01/30/2009
20
8
2
hiya, i'm from the uk!!! i used the birthing pool with my daughter but i'd been induced so i wasn't allowed to have her in there!
I'm also a firm believer in breastfeeding, my daughter is 21 weeks and has only had a raised temp once (touch wood) when other babies i know (bottle-fed) have had 3 or 4 colds over the winter. i put it completely down to breastfeeding giving her the best start!
xStained Glass Wholesale Suppliers January 12, 2018November 29, 2017 Brienda Tessier0 comment stained glass wholesale suppliers online get cheap stained glass supplies wholesale wholesale glass dome cabochon i love you to the moon and back necklace art glass stained glass. . . . . . . . . . .The lost value which influenced the performance of the exchange traded products. VIX gaining value and VXX losing value last week is a good teaching moment for those who are still not aware that VIX is VXX are not the same thing.
We have less than a quarter of a year remaining until we start writing 2017 on checks. I think I’m safe is saying that SVXY will be the winner on the chart below this year. Even if SVXY loses 50% one week, it would take a large multiple of that for VXX or UVXY to catch up this year.
In the broad volatility space, British Pound volatility was the lead gainer last week rising over 27% as the reality of Brexit happening working into the markets. Three of the other top five movers last week were related to the precious metal markets. VXSLV, VXGDX, and GVZ were all much higher. Since we are starting to approach third quarter earnings season volatility on GOOGL, IBM, AAPL, and AMZN were all near the top as well.
thinkorswim trade w/ advanced trading tools. Open an account and get up to $600!
New TradeStation Pricing. $5/Trade + $0.50 Per Contract for Options. Open an Account.
Trade free for 60 days on thinkorswim from TD Ameritrade.Yesterday I attended the presentation ceremony with other connoisseurs of the mixed grill. It was quite boring (I admit to briefly falling asleep at one point, but I blame jetlag more than anything. Jetlag and the interminable parade of MSc graduates from the European Institute–the place is a factory…though I am happy to say I recovered my stamina during a three hour lunch at the Ivy. Don’t ask me how we got a table; it’s a mystery that will, I am almost certain, never be repeated.) Anyway, fellow British Columbia boy and (not fellow, unfortunately) Nobelist, Robert Mundell received an honorary doctorate at the ceremony. He was introduced in a very entertaining speech by Danny Quah. Here is Mundell at his intellectual peak.
Advertisements(Written for Boolean Flix)
Two teaser posters for Men in Black 3 have been released this week.
The eye bleeding posters which give of a 3D effect outline the faces of Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones behind a mosaic of the famous black type font.
Set for release in May, Men in Black 3 continues ten years after its predecessor, as Agent J and Agent K are reunited through time-travel.
Given the 3D treatment, this latest instalment in the franchise sees the return of Smith and Jones, alongside Emma Thompson, Josh Brolin and US pop star Nicole Scherzinger.
View the teaser posters here.
50.149135 -5.070737
AdvertisementsGreetings people, the first we would like to do is to welcome you guys to our website and below you will get everything related to Word Whizzle Daily Puzzle August 31 2017 Answers solutions and cheats. It is a unique game and requires not much time to spend. You can see we have solved some of the levels and posted with screenshots.
Please click on the grid below to show the full answers
edid
vnen
ocxe
Word Whizzle At the back of a 30 2017 Answers, Word Whizzle Daily Puzzle August 29 2017 Answers, Word Merge Daily Puzzle November 12 2016 Answers and Word Whizzle Daily Puzzle March.When a number of Inov-8 shoes over the past few years, but I don’t have any of their more luggy trails shoes. In part that’s because I’d heard that their performance last tends to run a bit narrow and I was worried that the fit might not accommodate my foot very well (thanks to The Clymb I now have a pair of F-Lite 195’s and the fit is fine). Thus, when Inov-8 released the Trailroc line on their anatomical last I decided to take the plunge and buy a pair.
The Trailrocs come in three flavors based upon your requirements for protection and heel-forefoot drop. Per Running Warehouse, the Trailroc 255 is a 6mm, 9.9oz shoe drop shoe; the Trailroc 245 is a 9.2 oz, 3mm drop shoe, and the Trailroc 235 is an 8.3 oz, zero drop shoe. All three share a similar lugged outsole, but the Trailroc 245 and 255 have an additional rock plate for added protection. I debated long and hard about which shoe to order, and ultimately decided on the 235 after reading Ashwyn Gray’s comparative Trailroc review on the Another Fn’ Runner blog. Here’s what Ashwyn reports as the main difference between the two shoes:
…
As a consequence of extra rock protection, the Trailroc 245 shares only a fraction of the 235’s flexibility. Don’t misunderstand, there’s a fine and flexible forefoot in the 245….”
Given that I like flexible shoes, and that I don’t tend to run very rugged trails all that often, I opted for the Trailroc 235 even though I I’m a sucker for a blue and yellow shoe(must be my Swedish heritage…).
I’ve now run in the Trailrocs over just about every terrain I could find. Trails, acorn-sized gravel road shoulders, ice, snow, road, sidewalk, leaves, mud, etc. They have performed phenomenally well on all surfaces. I’d go so far as to say that they’re one of the grippiest shoes I have ever worn (keeping in mind that I don’t own any super-luggy shoes like some of the fell running shoes that Inov-8 makes) – traction is fantastic even on crusty ice and snow.
The sole is what really makes the Trailroc a great shoe. The lugs are prominent enough to provide solid traction, but flat and even enough that you can run comfortably on a flat, hard surface like an asphalt road. As a result, this is an extremely versatile shoe. Stack height is reported to be 13mm in the heel and forefoot, so it’s relatively thin – the shoe definitely feels firm underfoot. The rubber outsole is pretty solid and tough, and as a result I never found the lack of a rock plate to be a big problem. The 235’s offer a lot more protection than say the New Balance MT00, which is also a zero drop trail shoe without a rock plate. I’ve had no issues running over chunky gravel or ice in them – you will feel stuff underfoot, but it’s not the piercing pain you might feel when catching a rock in just the right spot in a less protective shoe. I haven’t run more than 5-6 miles in a single run in these shoes, so your experience may differ if you are a long distance trail runner (which I, as yet, am not).
As mentioned above, the Trailrocs are built on Inov-8’s anatomical last, so it’s a fit I am very familiar with from shoes like the Bare-X 180. The heel and midfoot are snug but not constrictive (midfoot fit is an issue for me with some of the New Balance shoes). Forefoot width is amply roomy, and the upper is stretchy enough to allow my feet to flex up and down without restraint. The upper material is a more traditional soft fabric, not the plasticky mesh that is so popular these days – this is a good thing, though I have seen isolated reports of it tearing in areas adjacent to the overlays along the mid-forefoot. There is no hard, plastic heel counter, just external overlays that wrap around the back of the heel. The insole is removable, but the footbed is not finished underneath so I have only used them with the insole installed. The Trailroc 235 runs true to size for me.
If I have one complaint about the 235, it’s a very minor, mostly cosmetic one. The toe bumper on the shoe is very small, and as a result the material at the tip of the forefoot tends to fold and crease as the shoe flexes. It doesn’t bother my feet, but it makes the shoe look a little flimsy up front. Oh, and the price ($120 MSRP) is a bit steep, but not that far off what other shoes in the zero drop trail shoe niche cost.
Summary
The Inov-8 Trailroc 235 is a grippy, zero drop trail shoe that provides adequate protection even in the absence of a rock plate. It works well on varied surfaces from roads to rugged trails, and provides a roomy fit that minimalist runners have come to expect in zero drop shoes. I think highly enough of this shoe that it ranked 2nd on my best hybrid trail shoes of 2012 list – highly recommended!
(Note – for those wanting an even more minimal Trailroc shoe, Inov-8 just release the Trailroc 150. I’ve shared some photos and my first run thoughts on the Trailroc 150 on the Runblogger forum.)
The Inov-8 Trailroc 235 is available for purchase at Running Warehouse and Zappos.
In Europe, they can be purchased at Wiggle.
Nice review Pete, it really increased my appetite for these, although I also find them a bit pricey.
And if you ever want to visit the Land of your Ancestors, I will happily guide you around 😉
I visited Sweden about 15 years ago, lots of family over there. Definitely want to bring my kids over sometime, would love to run the Stockholm Marathon! Thanks for the offer, I’m hoping to be back in the next few years.
—-
Pete Larson’s Web Links:
-My book: Tread Lightly: link to ow.ly
-Twitter: link to twitter.com
-Facebook Page: link to facebook.com…
-Discussion Forum:
I actually haven’t run the Stockholm Marathon myself, but I will any year now. Just say when and we’ll meet at the start; I will need a good pacer to get me around in sub 3:30 🙂
It’s a deal! My youngest boy is about to turn three, so longer trips will soon be possible – been a long time since I’ve been on a long plane ride!
Sent from my iPad
For some reason this comment just came through to my email today, a few months late on the notification! I may take you up on that someday!
—-
Pete Larson’s Web Links:
-My book: Tread Lightly: link to ow.ly
-Twitter: link to twitter.com
-Facebook Page: link to facebook.com…
-Discussion Forum:
No worries, you replied before and I didn’t see any reason to continue the conversation here then. I am of course sincere in my offer, but will not hold you to anything should you wish to return to Sweden. You have got relatives here that I am sure will take good care of you.
Whoa! Thanks for the mention, Pete! I totally agree with your remarks here. You provide a great description of the level of proprioception afforded by the Trailroc 235 outsole. And, I’m so glad you like these shoes!
What a coincidence – weren’t you wearing these today?
Indeed I was, Josh!
What you’re opinions on the F-Lite 195? I’m trying to decide between that and the Road-X 155
I’m also curious how the 235 compares to the 195. I just got a pair of the 195s and love them. They seem like they will be the perfect road/trail hybrid for me and the initial feel is better than just about any other shoe I’ve tried (and I love the rasta green/red/yellow colorway!) My one concern is durability as I’ve read numerous reviews that say that that is a concern. I will need a more dedicated trail shoe and the 235 looks like a nice option.
I’ve heard that the sole of the 195 is more durable than that of the 155, which is something like EVA. Durability is why I’m leaning more towards the 195, but I would primarily use it as a road shoe. Plus I think that 8 oz (the weight of the 235) might be a little too much for my one running shoe.
Nice review. I’ve been considering adding some 235s as a more minimal option to my 245s. Though I have to say my 245s are still way more flexible than any trail shoe I’ve ever tried with comparable cushioning/protection. For rocky trails, I personally wouldn’t want any less protection for distances ~12+.
Also, the 245 is holding up much, much better than my F-Lites did. I’m at 400 miles, and they look fine.
Pete,
Great review. Have you tested the Skechers GO Trail? I’m in the market for trail shoes and wonder what they’re like as I love my GOBionics.
I’ve been researching trail running shoes for a couple months. This review pretty much convinces me my next pair will be some Inov-8s. Now to get to one of the few stores with a good selection to try the different models out first (I may just order from Running Warehouse as another excellent alternative).
I have been wearing my Inov-8 235s since November. I had been wearing the NB MT110s but they started to bother my left ankle (PTT). The Inov-8 235s have been great and I’ve done up to 18 trail miles on them with no protection issues. The black rubber wrapping the toes started to pull away from the shoe immediately and the inside is not ideal for sockless running. Other than those issues I really like the shoe.
I ended getting the 245s since I felt I wasnt ready for 0mm trail running, so far I like them, BUT … I dont like their last, it feels to narrow (for a minimalist shoe), my toes dont splay as much as I got used towith the MT10s, in fact my big toes get irritated and sometimes blistered in the under outer side which is really infuriating in longer runs :-[
In fact I came to the conclusion that the last is so narrow a part of my big toes is actually “off” the last when running, which is the reason for the bistering in this area.
on the contrary my Bare-x 150s are a half size smaller and fit my forefoot way better….
I really like the trailrocs, except for the last, meaning this will be my first and LAST Trailroc pair until they create a version with a wider forefoot last….something more in line with the barex last…. :-/
Inov-8 Running Shoes feel great! I just bought a new pair for CrossFit
Pete, thx for finally reviewing these shoes. My one question is if the upper manages to keep your feet dry when running in snowy conditions? Germany is winter wonderland these days. 😉
I’ve been looking for a pair of trail running shoes that would suit my needs. I think these new Inov8 shoes can be perfect for my needs.
To anyone who has experience of the 235 / 245 and New Balance MT110……..
How do these compare from a protection point of view? I have found that the lack of protection in the midfoot of the NB110 can cause me issues sometimes if I step on a particularly pointy rock when descending. I would think that the 245 would be better in that regard due to the meta-shank. Is that the case? Thanks
I would say that the MT110 is more protective than the 235, but can’t speak for the 245.
—-
Pete Larson’s Web Links:
-My book: Tread Lightly: link to ow.ly
-Twitter: link to twitter.com
-Facebook Page: link to facebook.com…
-Discussion Forum:
Pete, I wanted to love my inov-8 (252) so much, mainly for crossfit- yet they were so narrow I couldn’t walk in them (size 7.5- length is ok).
No sure what am I missing- I’m a small guy with not so wide fit. How come they hurt so much? Mild overpronation?
Any suggestion per shoe? I run with the sacuni hurrican 16- they are ok.
Thanks!
Might just be a bad match for your foot shape. Maybe try something from Merrell Barefoot line or Altra.
I have tried 2 different Inov-8 shoes, Trailroc 255 and Roclite 243. Both felt very “hard” especially at the hell area. I wish they would be softer. Right now i run with Mizuno Ferus but it lacks traction and the trailroc 235 might provide much better but i am hesitant about the lack of softness.
Spyros,
Just curious if you are still in the Ferus or if you have moved on? I have been enjoying the Ferus as well, but I recently learned that Mizuno has discontinued that line, along with the Cursoris and Levitas (road shoes). I, too, find the Trailrocs to be “hard.”
I’m looking for both trail and road shoes now that Mizuno has stopped that line. Hoping Merrell can help me out.
I have stopped running in Ferus. Not satisfied by the traction, especially on loose rock and scree, also the heel wasn’t as secure as i wanted it to be and it didn’t lock down my foot. I now have the Reebok all terrain super. Although 5mm drop (i wish it was zero drop) it has much better traction than the Ferus.
Just forgot to write, i have also tried other Inov-8 shoes (Roclite 243, Trailroc 255, Trailroc 245) but all feel “hard”. I wish Inov-8 made less firm shoes.
Yeah, I wish that as well. Otherwise great traction and I love their zero drop. Can’t get past the hard sole though.Patriots (-3) over Falcons / OVER 58 ¹/₂ (at Houston): The Seahawks franchise won’t be striving for its second Super Bowl championship Sunday, but its immediate spiritual descendants are here in body and spirit.
A good deal of the Seahawks’ essence is present through second-year Falcons head coach Dan Quinn. After serving on the Seahawks’ staff for two years, beginning in 2009, he returned after a two-year interval as the Florida Gators’ defensive coordinator to assume that same position for Seattle in January 2013.
His defensive stylings played a large part of the demolition of the Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII. Two years later, he accepted the head-coaching assignment in Atlanta, and in his second season proceeded to guide the Falcons to this plateau, their second Super Bowl appearance.
The Patriots return for their ninth Super Bowl, in quest of their fifth triumph. Their fourth came in Super XLIX, versus a Seahawks outfit seeking to repeat. But in Quinn’s absence, the remaining Seahawks defense left Russell Wilson and his mates with too much to do, culminating in the bizarre interception a yard away from paydirt which settled the matter.
With the best-ever conglomeration of Seahawks defensive talent, Quinn was a Cover-3 defensive guy, and won his title with it. Quinn still is deploying the troops in much the same defensive key, and though the defense isn’t the equal of New England’s, it has served the Falcons well enough — with the aid and comfort of a Matt Ryan-led offensive juggernaut which has cranked out better than 33 points per game, and a multiplicity of pro receiving talents headed by Julio Jones.
This is Tom Brady’s seventh Super Bowl, of which he has won four. The losses came when Brady faced rapacious Giants pass rushes, aided by Big Blue’s more-than-capable secondary, thus foiling the otherwise-reliable Bill Belichick point-production formula. Facing anything less formidable — with Super Bowl XLIX the most-relevant evidence — Brady and his slippery veteran receivers found sufficient daylight underneath often enough to outscore the competition.
We’re not expecting much different here, with the Falcons and Quinn fielding as many as four rookies (Keanu Neal, Deion Jones, De’Vondre Campbell and/or Brian Poole) to deal with Brady’s air game. Though talented, they are broadly untested against this caliber of athlete — as is, for that matter, the sainted Ryan, himself in his initial acquaintance with roman numerals. Injury issues have left Atlanta with Vic Beasley as their primary pass-rushing weapon. Beasley is a major player, but he is only one guy, and Belichick has long been a master of dealing with “one guy.”
Belichick’s task is simplified considerably by the limited scope of the Atlanta running game, at this level. Running back Devonta Freeman is not chopped liver, and a legitimate receiving threat, but he is facing a defense that has allowed just a half-dozen rushing touchdowns in the regular season (none since October!). So the task largely is left up to Ryan, Jones and Co., with Belichick having a pretty good idea of what is coming, on a play-by-play basis. Ryan had a high old time against Green Bay’s doubled-and-vulnerable secondary.
This shouldn’t be so easy — though the Falcons are capable. It is no coincidence the one 2016 loss New England endured with Tom Brady in action was against the stylistically-similar Seahawks … at Gillette, yet.
Atlanta arguably has played the tougher schedule, has displayed sustained come-from-behind abilities and, of late, the team with the inferior overall record typically arrives underrated — and covers. But Belichick’s first title as head coach came against the Rams’ Greatest Show on Turf, and subsequent Super wins against the Eagles and Panthers developed against capable offensive sides which didn’t have the Big Game experience edge the Pats enjoyed. Sound familiar?
We don’t expect a rout, in large part because of Belichick’s February style — which typically features infuriatingly slow starts. New England never has won a Super by more than four points. We don’t expect the Falcons to get blitzed — though center Alex Mack had better be healthy for this dog, and stay that way. A competitive game should generate beaucoup points — while Brady makes his point, to the Commish, thus infuriating the Patriots-despising NFL fanbase beyond measure.
Patriots, 34-30.
Conference championships: Sides: 1-1. Over/Unders: 2-0
Postseason: Sides: 5-5. Over/Unders: 6-4
Follow Richard Witt on Twitter: @rich_witt1Kentucky Mop Twine
This kentucky twine mop has been specifically designed for cleaning large areas, and works especially well with rough and uneven surfaces. This kentucky mop comes in the 16oz size. It is absorbent and extremely hard wearing compared to other types of mops. This mop never ceases to disappoint users as it cleans floors so efficiently.
If you are more interested in our multifold.Our Hope
“He saved us, not on the basis of deeds which we have done in righteousness, but according to His mercy, by the washing of regeneration ad renewing by the Holy Spirit whom He poured out upon us richly though Jesus Christ our Savior, so that being justified by His grace we would be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.” (Titus 3:5-7 NASB)
We may all have friends, family members, or co-workers who don’t share the same faith that we have in Jesus Christ. Many say they believe in God, but honestly, have not taken that true step of repentance, turning their lives over and entrusting themselves to Jesus Christ. As Jesus said to the thief on the cross beside Him, “today you will be with me in paradise”. (Luke 23:43 NASB) A huge promise, and it is a promise, to anyone who will call on His name, believe in their heart that God raised Him from the dead (Romans 10:9).
We have Jesus’s witness Himself. When He was resurrected and spent time with His disciples and other believers, there is eternal life, as He promised. So, when we see Jesus’s teaching (in Luke 16:19-31) about the rich man who fully enjoyed every pleasure in this world, living only for himself, and Lazarus, who had nothing and was forced to beg for food - their means didn’t matter. It was a matter of the heart. Where their heart was, either right with God, or rejecting God by being filled up with themselves only, was what mattered. Unfortunately, after death, as the rich man learned, it is too late.
If we are followers of Jesus Christ, this brings urgency to our lives to not give up hope and to continue to share at every opportunity. Living our lives with intention; focusing on the eternal.
Our hope: the hope that is simply that we will live with Christ forever in heaven. Something we were not destined for until God intervened, something that we can share with our loved ones, others, even strangers.
Now, we are no longer destined for a place called hell. We are destined to live eternity in the kingdom of light. This new year, let’s shine our bright light as we go about our Father’s business.
Read: Ephesians 2:10
(Joan Walker)
Scripture references from NIV unless otherwise noted.
Based on Led by the Holy Spirit on January 6th, 2018 - Watch SermonWe must say that on our return to Valencia we found we really were beginning to warm up to it. It is not as clean and polished as Madrid or Barcelona but it began to work a small city charm on us that was unexpected. We walked the neighborhoods and we went to the Mercado that was every bit as nice as Barcelona’s with a lot less crowds and much larger space to enjoy and wander. We both agreed we were liking Valencia.
Our time in Sevilla was magical as before! Something about this city is the epic Spanish town for me! I love the old world feel it has even if there are a million or so tourists to contend with. I went to my favorite little shop, La Ceramica de Sevilla, on a side street I discovered last year when I was here. Luis is the owner and even though I only purchased a scarf as before, he was so gracious and informative about the culture and the city!
He directed us to a favorite restaurant, La Isla, Oh my goodness!!! Mike and I only had tapas there but swore it was all the best we ever had and regretted we were not staying another night so we could have a full course dinner! Maybe next time 🙂 After dinner our favorite flamenco performance near the hotel and then early to bed as we had to catch an early bus to Portugal this morning.
This was a travel day and after 5 hours on bus, 2 hours waiting for another bus to take us to Salema, we finally arrived for a week at this lovely fishing village that Mike fell in love with last year. It is much more crowded this year but still very much what we remembered. Mike is in paradise!?!
As soon as we stepped out of the bus an older, sun-withered man stopped us to ask if we would like to see his home for a week’s rental, “Just Looky” he says. We follow him to a lovely little space smack-dab in the center of town. We take his tour of VERY little English but are satisfied it is a great deal for us and for him! We settle in:
P.S. While sharing all of this good fortune I am saddened to say I have lost another beloved aunt. My father’s sister Sara whom I adored and have the fondest, happy memories of from my childhood, I will miss her so. My thoughts and prayers are with my cousins at this time even though I am thousands of miles away. May we cherish her memory until we are with her again. She is forever in our hearts! God Bless you all!
So sorry to hear about your aunt. My prayers are with all your family.
Looks and sounds like you’re having a great relaxing time. Keep up the good work!
Where is your hat, you look like you are getting too much sun on your face, I love you, have fun.
love ya,
bThe Rotary Club of Makati Business District (RCMBD), under the leadership of charter president and project chair Mache Torres-Ackerman and president Tess Castro, recently held “Walk the Talk,” a climate change summit and eco-fashion show at Shangri-La at the Fort in Bonifacio Global City, Taguig.
“Walk the Talk” was co-presented by the Senate Spouses Foundation Inc. led by president Bing Pimentel (mother of Senate President Koko Pimentel).
The event gathered some of Manila’s staunchest green advocates, namely Israeli Ambassador Effie Ben Matityau, climate change commissioner Vernice Victorio and University of the Philippines Diliman professor and UP Resilience executive director Dr. Alfredo Mahar Lagmay. Also present was philanthropist and I-LOVE Foundation founder Gina Lopez, who led stimulating discussions on the devastation and ill effects that climate change brought upon the world, and the steps humanity can take to reverse these consequences.
Guests were treated to a very inspiring eco-fashion show featuring the stunning designs of Patis Tesoro, Ditta Sandico and Ronaldo Arnaldo. There were also gowns and menswear made from sustainable materials by the inmates from the Correctional Institute of Women, proving that the justice system can be a driving force towards change not just in the lives of rehabilitating individuals but in the world as well.
All those who modeled were environmental philanthropists like David Ackerman and wife Mache, co-founders of Triumphus Inc., a major event sponsor.
The show was directed by Raymond Villanueva. Official makeup provider was BYS Cosmetics.
Congratulations to the Rotary Club of Makati Business District and the Senate Spouses Foundation, Inc. for a successful climate change summit and eco-fashion show!»ACP 33376 Report post Posted January 8, 2017 Honestly I feel like something that we should do is keep track on how often people get subbed out/modkilled. Because if I was hosting a game of mafia and found out that you asked to be subbed out in 60% of the games that you played in, I would just not let you play. 3 Share this post Link to post Share on other sitesSponsoredby:
Sponsored by:
The system has already been installed at about 10 locations globally to manage the movements of millions of goods, the company reports.
The solution provides pocket sorter rails with RFID-tagged pocket or pouch carriers that enable it to automatically understand the exact location of each of hundreds of thousands of products that might be onsite at a large distribution center at any given time. The system can automatically deliver a particular item, via its pocket carrier, to the staging area, where goods can then be packed and shipped in order to fulfill a customer order..
Read Full ArticleI just returned from a great visit to Studio 5 sharing some fun tips for getting great Halloween photos..anie Matthews - Brooke, I love this post and all your advice. Your photos are gorgeous as always! Thank you!
D - Thanks, great tips. Another biggie is to put down the smart phone. iphones and other camera phones are cool in certain siutations but not low light. I see so many parents using their phones as their primary cameras. they are convenient but most of the time pics are blurry and can only print to 4×6. Another tip for pop-up flashes…tape a piece of tissue over the flash to help diffuse the light.
Megan DiPiero - What a fab interview! You’re such a pro, Brooke! You carried yourself beautifully and shared many helpful tips for hobbyists and amateurs. Nice work!
Chanelle Lund - So fun to see you on Studio 5! I think I’ll take your advice and have a photo shoot before Halloween so it will be less hectic. And you are looking gorgeous dressing your truth, I might add! I am so grateful to you for introducing me to that, I am having so much fun discovering who I am and who all the people in my life are too. I can’t believe how much more I understand my kids, knowing that they are operating with a different energy than myself. ( And thank goodness for that, because how boring would it be if we really were all the same!)
Sarah - Love seeing the video and looking sharp with your hair up and in a bright color – wink! Great tips. Love the idea of using nontraditional light source. Loved the light in these shots. You’re the best.
admin - Oh yes. Very good additional tips! I whole heartedly agree! I am actually too much of a photo snob to use my phone, so unfortunately I probably miss a lot of things, but when I do take the time for photography it’s great quality 🙂 Thanks for your comment!
admin - Awww! Thank you Sarah 🙂 Still trying to figure out my look 🙂 Thanks for the support and compliments!
admin - I am so thrilled to hear that the Dressing Your Truth program has been helpful to you! I can’t say enough about it, and I love to hear about others experiences! Just wait till you read Carol’s newest book “The Child Whisperer” that was just released today. It’s incredible 🙂 I hope you are doing fabulous!
Delightfully,
brooke
davina - Brooke! You look gorgeous, Ms. Type 4! I love, love, love how you’re owning that. 🙂 Awesome interview and adore your idea of doing a photo shoot BEFORE Halloween. Genius. Why did I never think of that?
admin - aww. Thank you, my friend 🙂
Melissa Burns Photography - […] we did our traditional pumpkin carving then onto pictures! I had seen a video post by Brooke Snow(her site is in my blogroll) about doing photos before Halloween. Don’t know why I […]ARCHIVED - Telecom Decision CRTC 2010, 21 May 2010
Application to review and vary Telecom Order 2009-497 regarding 800/888 Carrier Identification service
File number: 8662-R2-200911744
In this decision, the Commission determines that (1) the higher rates for the 800/888 Carrier Identification service approved on a final basis in Telecom Order 2009-497 for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009 are not just and reasonable; and (2) the lower final rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497 are just and reasonable for that period, and, accordingly, are to be applied for that period. The incumbent local exchange carriers are to reimburse or credit relevant competitors accordingly.
Introduction
1. The Commission received an application by Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI), dated 19 August 2009, requesting that the Commission review and vary Telecom Order 2009-497 by rescinding its determination not to apply the lower final rates approved in that order for 800/888 Carrier Identification service (Carrier ID service) retroactively to 12 September 2006. RCI requested that these rates be applied retroactively to 12 September 2006. It requested that, in the alternative, the rates submitted by the incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs)[1] with their October 2006 cost studies be applied retroactively to 12 September 2006.
2. The Commission received comments from Bell Aliant Regional Communications, Limited Partnership; Bell Canada; and Saskatchewan Telecommunications (collectively, Bell Canada et al.); as well as from TELUS Communications Company (TCC) and MTS Allstream Inc. (MTS Allstream). Bell Canada et al. and TCC opposed the application, while MTS Allstream supported it. The public record of this proceeding is available on the Commission's website at under “Public Proceedings” or by using the file number provided above.
Background
3. The Commission received an application by MTS Allstream, dated 8 June 2006, requesting that it reduce the ILECs' rates for Carrier ID service on an interim basis while it reviewed the costs associated with this service.
4. In Telecom Decision 2006-57, which disposed of MTS Allstream's application, the Commission made the rates interim, effective 12 September 2006, and directed the ILECs to file proposed amended tariff pages with supporting cost studies for their Carrier ID service. The ILECs filed this material with the Commission on 27 October 2006.
5. On 30 March 2007, the Commission issued Telecom Public Notice 2007-4 to initiate a proceeding to review certain Phase II costing issues (the Phase II costing review proceeding).
6. By letter dated 22 June 2007, the Commission deferred further consideration of a number of applications before it, including the Carrier ID service applications, pending the completion of the Phase II costing review proceeding. In that letter, the Commission noted that the proposed amended tariff pages raised issues that could be materially affected by the Commission's determinations in the Phase II costing review proceeding. The Commission also stated that it expected that the rates would not be applied retroactively when approved on a final basis.
7. The Commission set out its determinations regarding Phase II costing issues in Telecom Decision 2008-14. Subsequent to the issuance of that decision, the ILECs filed revised cost studies and proposed tariff pages.
8. In Telecom Order 2009-497, issued 14 August 2009, the Commission approved lower rates on a final basis for Carrier ID service, effective the date of the order. The Commission determined, however, that these rates should not apply retroactively. As a result, the rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497 were higher for the period prior to 14 August 2009.
Issues
9. In Telecom Public Notice 98-6, the Commission outlined the criteria to consider review and vary applications filed pursuant to section 62 of the Telecommunications Act (the Act). Specifically, the Commission stated that applicants must demonstrate that there is substantial doubt as to the correctness of the original decision.
10. The Commission considers that this proceeding raises the following issues:
I. Did the Commission fetter its discretion?
II. Is the Commission's determination legally deficient because its reasons were not sufficient?
III. Does the Commission have jurisdiction to grant the relief sought and, if so, should it do so?
I. Did the Commission fetter its discretion?
11. RCI and MTS Allstream submitted that the Commission had fettered its discretion, and had effectively prejudged the matter, when it stated in its 22 June 2007 letter that it did not expect that the final rates would be applied retroactively.
12. The Commission notes that it expressed an expectation in its letter but did not make a determination, let alone a final determination, as submitted by RCI and MTS Allstream. The Commission therefore considers that it did not fetter its discretion when it stated that it did not expect the final rates to be applied retroactively.
II. Is the Commission's determination legally deficient because its reasons were not sufficient?
13. RCI and MTS Allstream submitted that in Telecom Order 2009-497, the Commission had failed to give sufficient reasons for its determination not to make the lower final rates retroactive. RCI submitted that this constitutes a fundamental error in law and in fact and, accordingly, the determination should be rescinded.
14. The Commission considers that if the determination in question was not supported by sufficient reasons in Telecom Order 2009-497, any insufficiency has been adequately addressed by the reasons set out in this decision.
III. Does the Commission have jurisdiction to grant the relief sought and, if so, should it do so?
15. TCC submitted that the Commission has no authority to grant the relief requested by RCI because it involves the retroactive variation of rates that have been made final. TCC submitted that, except when rates are made interim, the Act only allows for rates to be varied prospectively.
16. The Commission notes that it has a legal duty to ensure that rates are just and reasonable at all times. If the Commission approves rates that are not just and reasonable, such rates must necessarily be void given that the Commission has no authority to approve rates that are not just and reasonable. Further, the Commission notes that where final rates are void, the applicable rates are those that were in effect immediately prior to the rates being finalized.[2]
17. In this case, the previously applicable rates were made interim in Telecom Decision 2006-57. Because the Act expressly allows final rates to be effective from the date rates were made interim, the Commission considers that if the higher final rates approved for the period prior to 14 August 2009 are not just and reasonable, and hence void, it has the necessary statutory authority to apply for that period the lower final rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497.
18. In Telecom Order 2009-497, the Commission determined, based on the detailed costing information on the record of the proceeding leading to that order, that the existing interim rates were too high. The Commission approved the lower final rates as just and reasonable on a going-forward basis. Despite these findings, the Commission decided not to adjust the interim rates for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009.
19. The Commission considers that the ILECs' cost studies and proposed rates filed on 27 October 2006 and 27 October 2008, except those of TCC, demonstrate that as of 2006 the costs for Carrier ID service had significantly decreased and the existing interim rates were too high.
20. Regarding TCC, the Commission considers that the company's October 2006 cost study and revised cost study for October 2008 did not reflect the appropriate economic service costs for the purpose of determining just and reasonable rates for the service. The Commission notes that it posed interrogatories with respect to both sets of cost studies filed by TCC. The Commission also notes that TCC's estimated costs were significantly higher than the estimates submitted by other ILECs. In particular, the Commission considers that in 2006 and 2008, TCC applied an inappropriate methodology that significantly overestimated its associated software capital costs. The Commission further notes that in its 3 April 2009 revised cost study, TCC significantly reduced its estimates for associated software capital costs. In Telecom Order 2009-497, the Commission found these lower estimated costs to be appropriate for establishing just and reasonable rates for TCC, effective 14 August 2009.
21. In light of the above, the Commission finds that the rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497 for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009 are not just and reasonable.
22. Having found that the higher final rates are not just and reasonable, it is necessary to examine what rates are just and reasonable for this period. The Commission notes that it approved updated costing methodologies on 21 February 2008, in Telecom Decision 2008-14. The Commission further notes that the revised cost studies and proposed rates filed by the ILECs on 27 October 2008 were based on the updated costing methodologies set out in that decision. The 2008 revised cost studies and proposed rates revealed little change from the cost studies and proposed rates filed by the ILECs on 27 October 2006. Except for TCC, the lower final rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497 were based on those updated cost studies.
23. In the case of TCC, the lower final rates were based on TCC's cost study filed on 3 April 2009, which, as noted above, revealed significantly reduced estimated software capital costs. Further, as noted above, the Commission considers that until it filed its 3 April 2009 cost study, TCC's cost studies had failed to reflect the appropriate economic service costs to allow the Commission to determine just and reasonable rates as far back as 2006.
24. In the circumstances, the Commission considers that the costs found to be appropriate for the purpose of setting just and reasonable rates on a going-forward basis in Telecom Order 2009-497 are also appropriate for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009. Accordingly, the Commission finds that the lower final rates approved in Telecom Order 2009-497 on a going-forward basis are also just and reasonable for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009 and, as a result, that they should be applied for that period.
Conclusion
25. The Commission concludes that because the higher final rates for the period of 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009 are void, there is substantial doubt as to the correctness of its determination in Telecom Order 2009-497 to apply the higher final rates for that period. The Commission also concludes that Telecom Order 2009-497 should be varied by finding that the lower final rates approved in that order are also the just and reasonable rates for the period of 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009.
26. The Commission considers that its determinations in this decision advance the telecommunications policy objectives set out in paragraphs 7(b), (f), and (h) of the Act.[3] The Commission further considers that its determinations are consistent with the Policy Direction[4] requirements that (a) the measures in question be efficient and proportionate to their purposes, and that they minimally interfere with competitive market forces to meet the above policy objectives; and (b) the measures neither deter economically efficient competitive entry into the market nor promote economically inefficient entry.
27. The Commission directs the ILECs to credit or reimburse their relevant customers of Carrier ID service, within 45 days of the date of this decision, the difference between the rates that applied for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009 and the rates found to be just and reasonable in this decision for that period. Further, the Commission directs the ILECs to issue revised tariff pages, within 15 days of the date of this decision, reflecting the revised rates for the period from 12 September 2006 to 13 August 2009.
Secretary General
Related documents
- Review of rates for the 800/888 Carrier Identification service, Telecom Order CRTC 2009-497, 14 August 2009
- Review of certain Phase II costing issues, Telecom Decision CRTC 2008-14, 21 February 2008, as amended by Telecom Decision 2008-14-1, 11 April 2008
- Review of certain Phase II costing issues, Telecom Public Notice CRTC 2007-4, 30 March 2007
- MTS Allstream Inc. – Request to review rates for 800/888 Carrier Identification service, Telecom Decision CRTC 2006-57, 12 September 2006
- Guidelines for review and vary applications, Telecom Public Notice CRTC 98-6, 20 March 1998
This document is available in alternative format upon request, and may also be examined in PDF format or in HTML at the following Internet site:.
Footnotes:
[1] In this decision, “ILECs” refers to the companies listed in paragraph 2.
[2] TELUS v. CRTC et al. [2005] 2 F.C.R. 388.
[3] The cited policy objectives of the Act are
.
[4] Order Issuing a Direction to the CRTC on Implementing the Canadian Telecommunications Policy Objectives, P.C. 2006-1534, 14 December 2006
- Date modified:
-Private seller in Nevada. Responded to my long-standing and often bumped WTB ad on Sturmgewehr. Gun is ex-Clark County Sheriff's Office. Is marked accordingly. Turns out seller is a friend of a friend.
US PROPERTY, AOC upper- GHD inspected. Don't know a lot of other details. If you stop to ask , the gun is sold. I'm happy!Gear : Hiking and Camping : Backpacks : Daypacks : Flint Backpack - 1850cu in
Description
Fill The North Face Flint Backpack with textbooks, secure your folders in the front bungee, and hoof it to class. This daypack has plenty of room for school days features for the trail. The Flint Backpacks front organizer compartment keeps your pens, pencils, and cards nice and neat, and the top zip audio pocket with headphone port lets you replace campus chatter with your favorite tunes. When class is out, drop off your books, attach the packs waist-belt, and head for the hills. The North Face gave the Flint pack two mesh water bottle pockets to keep you hydrated.Joint CS/Cog Sci Colloquium: Natural Logic
Abstract
This talk is about a direction in logic which attempts to have something to say, and something to learn, from computational linguistics and natural language processing..
The talk will be programmatic and far-ranging rather than detailed. I hope to touch on computer implementations of natural logics, teaching materials on this topic, and interactions of logic and cognitive science.
Bio: Lawrence S. Moss is Professor of Mathematics at Indiana University, Bloomington. He is also Director of Graduate Studies in Cognitive Science, and Adjunct Professor in Computer Science, Informatics, Linguistics, and Philosophy. His BA and MA degrees were from UCLA, and he earned his PhD degree from there in 1984. He held positions at Stanford University’s Center for the Study of Language and Information, the University of Michigan, and the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center before moving to Indiana. He served as chair of the Steering Committee of the North American Summer School in Logic, Language, and Information and has chaired several conference program committees. He is (co-)author of over 90 publications. These include the 1996 book Vicious Circles (with Jon Barwise), as well as articles and handbook chapters on natural logic, coalgebra, modal logic, dynamic epistemic logic, natural language semantics, recursion and other topics.The Chapman Center for Rural Studies, in Kansas State University’s College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $2,000 gift from the Kansas Association of the Future Farmers of America in recognition of the work of undergraduate student researchers about rural life in Kansas.
Manhattan FFA members assisting with hybrid corn tests in 1944. From left are Bill Hosier, Wayne Roesener and Clifford Barry.
Katherine Sundgren, a junior in history, Leonardville, is digitally preserving a collection, including newspaper clippings, that documents the history of the FFA back to 1928 in preparation for the 100th anniversary of the organization.
Center director Bonnie Lynn-Sherow, associate professor of history, was first made aware of the collection in the spring and decided that it was the perfect project for a summer intern.
“The history of the FFA is integral to both the history of Kansas agriculture and Kansas State University,” Lynn-Sherow said. “The collection highlights the work of young adults dedicated to agricultural leadership, and whose stories feel simultaneously foreign and intimate to our current student interns.”
The Chapman Center provides undergraduates with hands-on training in valuable professional skills such as accessioning, digital preservation and even film editing.
The FFA hopes to make these digital resources openly available to the public through a web-based exhibit about the Kansas chapter.
“I was a part of my high school’s FFA program for four years,” Sundgren said. “It’s nice being able to help preserve a long tradition for future generations to enjoy the rich history that surrounds the FFA program. I’ve seen how important it is to many members of my community and I’m glad that my work here helps keep the tradition alive.”
“As we look forward to the 100th anniversary of FFA, the Kansas chapter is excited to partner with the Chapman Center for Rural Studies in collection and documentation of the rich history of agricultural education,” said Mary Kane, who is with the Kansas FFA Association.
The large collection includes hundreds of photos, handwritten and typewritten meeting notes, scrapbooks and even film reels that have not been seen for several decades.
Nelson D. Galle, a Kansas State University alumnus and former chair of the Kansas Board of Regents, served as Kansas FFA President from 1953-1954.
“The partnership between Kansas FFA and the Chapman Center for Rural Studies is exciting as many of the foundational events of the association are due to the commitment of rural Kansas schools,” Kane said. “We are excited with the capacity of the center to make accessible the documents and archives of our history.”
The FFA’s partnership with the Chapman Center is the one of many digital projects the center is engaged in or has completed since 2007, including commercial collections, oral histories, museum collections, slide and film collections, postcard collections and several important family collections that Chapman students use in their published research.
“It’s definitely a win-win for everyone,” Lynn-Sherow said. “Organizations and individuals feel good about preserving the past, while our students gain an appreciation of our collective responsibility to share those stories. They learn to work with and rely on others for the greater good. I can’t imagine a better learning outcome than that.”
Written by
Katherine Sundgren
ksundgren@k-state.eduNPS research in Monterey helps prevent future cyber attacks
Senior military defense officials confirmed the U.S. Central Command's Twitter and YouTube accounts were breached Monday.
The accounts were taken over by hackers who claim to be working on behalf of Islamic state militants. Privacy experts said it could have been anybody.
A series of unusual tweets were published with apparent warnings from ISIS, as well as links, images and Pentagon documents.
The first tweet was published at 9:30 a.m. and read: "AMERICAN SOLDIERS, WE ARE COMING, WATCH YOUR BACK. ISIS."
The account's profile photo became a black-and-white image of a person wearing a Keffiyeh, or scarf, around their head.
A Naval Postgraduate School professor of defense analysis in Monterey, John Arquilla, said this attack should not be taken lightly.
"I think the Twitter hack is an example of something that could be very serious," Arquilla said. "It doesn't do much by way of costly disruption, but it may convey information that can be used in very harmful ways."
Arquilla works with students to create programs to stop hackers like the group that attacked central command.
"What we try to do is prevent the incursions in the first place," Arquilla said. "And there are experts here at the Naval Postgraduate School who have thought up very clever and skillful means for protecting our sensitive information, as well as more general information, that can be used by our adversaries."
Arquilla can't go into much detail about the specific type of security used by the military, but said that NPS is developing cutting-edge security measures.
"We have these great defenses or firewalls set up and we need to expect that they be penetrated," Arquilla said. "And so we have ways to misdirect or deceive the hacker once they get inside the system."
In the ongoing cyber battle, Arquilla said that the U.S. is playing catchup and trying to keep up with hackers who are learning at a rapid rate.
"Political gridlock in Washington has prevented a cyber security law from coming into place that would mandate more security," Arquilla said. "The marketplace, the consumer, has not demanded more security, so the manufacturers have really not provided more in their products."
Luckily, the U.S. is starting to catch up.
"In this particular cyber arms race, we are actually gaining on our adversaries," Arquilla said.
-With reporting from CNNCloud works by combining a web browser with a compressed Linux operating system kernel for instantaneous access to the internet, mixing browsers and rich client applications and providing the user full control of the computer from the browser alone.
Cloud comprises of a browser in addition to an icon dock for shortcuts to favourite applications, tabs for multi-tasking between web and rich client applications, and icons to switch to Windows, power off, and perform other necessary system functions.
TFOT has previously written about the LWUIT, which is a unifying user interface (UI) library for mobile devices built upon Sun’s well known Java platform and will be able to run on any Java-enabled mobile device and under any operating system. You can also check out our article about Firefox 3, which is a web browser based on the Gecko 1.9 web rendering platform and features including extra add-on developer tools. Another browser by Mozilla is the Aurora, which is a creative user-interface specially designed by users.Every time I launch Adobe CC the programme automatically a series of old documents (10 or more docs). I had assumed it would be a Preference, but just can't see it.
Any ideas or tips?
It's an OS X preference, not ID...
OK thanks. It only seems to happen in InDesign, but that has cured it. So must be correct.
ThanksAero Monte Vista
Amended and Restated
Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, and Restrictions
Amendment of Restatement Note: Supersedes previous covenants filed on Tract A in book 1897, page 747-749. Supersedes covenants and road maintenance agreements filed on Tract C in Book 1218, page 540, however these covenants shall not affect Tracts D-1 thru D-5.
This Agreement is amending and restating all Tracts within Tracts A, B, and C, Within section 13, T10N, R7E, NMPM. These covenants shall apply to any portion of these lots if further sub-divided.
1. These Covenants and agreements are to run with the land and shall be binding on all parties and all persons claiming under them. These covenants can only be changed or amended by a majority vote by all lot owners, then the owners of record. These covenants and Road maintenance shall supersede all previous covenants and road maintenance.
2. If the parties hereto or their heirs or assigns shall violate or attempt to violate any of the covenants or agreements herein, it shall be lawful for any other party owning real property situated within said lots to prosecute any proceedings at law or equity against any party violating or attempting to violate said covenants, and prevent them from doing so, and to recover damages for such violation.
3. Invalidation of any of these covenants by judgment, court order, or for any reason shall in no way affect any of the other provisions, which shall remain in force and effect.
4. Duration of these covenants and agreements will be for twenty years (20)from the date of recording, after which time shall automatically extend over successive periods of ten (10) years, unless an instrument signed by a majority of the owners has been recorded, agreeing to change.
5.Dwellings, Hangars and Improvements:
a. All Dwellings and improvements shall be in accordance with local and state building codes.
b. Site built homes shall have a minimum of 2 Bedrooms, with no square foot minimum, however one should consider the re-sale value of a less than average home size .
c. Manufactured Homes are not allowed as they were previously.
d. Hangars with homes adjoining or inclusive within, shall have a minimum of a full kitchen, full bath, living area, and 2 bedrooms. Hangars with a Home attached , shall have some type of residential appeal on at least one complete side (ie. Exterior wainscoting up to window line, 2 color wall if metal, window shutters, etc.) and a covered porch entry to residential area.
6. A Grant of Easement that was filed Dec 9, 1996, book 1328, page 656, records of Santa Fe County, grants Runway access to all lots within Aero Monte Vista. All lot owners shall pay an annual fee to Sandia Airpark, Inc, (currently $100.00 and due Jan 1) This fee will not be collected from the developers, Woodard, Bradley or Brin, unless they build a home on a lot for themselves, or use a lot for aircraft use. This fee is not required from lots fronting Venus Rd, if said lot owners do not wish to participate in aircraft access. (excluding lots that use Taxiway Beaver for access)
7. All property owners, their heirs or assigns, acknowledge that the access roads within Aero Monte Vista , are also used for aircraft taxiways to and from the runway. These roads and taxiways will always remain private to allow for this Airport Use. All property owners, their heirs and or assigns, acknowledge that the airspace above all lots will be used for ingress and egress to the runway.
8. All property owners , their heirs or assigns, agree to improve and maintain roads/taxiways, as necessary and agree to share the costs equally among them in an equal manner. Any improvement or maintenance cost that is not paid by any individual property owner, will result in a lien being filed against their property. This lien will bear an annual interest of 12%, and no statutory expiration of lien will apply. (this does not apply to those lots fronting Venus Rd, with no intent of aircraft access, and who do not in any way use any of the interior taxiways!)
A. Any improvement to taxiways or runway extension, exceeding $2000.00, shall have the approval of a majority of owners. (This shall apply only after Woodard, Bradley and Brin, have sold all lots held. Developers have option to improve as necessary)
Pg. 2
Covenants, continued.
9. Pets and Livestock shall be kept in a manner so as not to create a nuisance (ie, barking dogs). Livestock must be kept so as not to destroy natural vegetation, nor create any odors . No commercial kennels are permitted. There is no specific number of pets allowable other than what may be construed as reasonable and normal in a residential area or what is allowed by area zoning regulation.
10. All utility extensions shall be underground. No exceptions shall be allowed.
11. Maximum Building Heights:
Maximum height shall be no more than thirty (30) feet.
12. Setback Requirements shall be as follows: (does not apply to existing homes, fencing
Or structures existing prior to this date)
1. Setback from front of all lots shall be at least fifty (50) feet (except runway
Extension shall be a minimum of 150 feet from the centerline to Structures.
2. Setback from sides of lots shall be at least 15 feet.
3. Setbacl from back of lots shall be at least 15 feet.
4. Setback for fencing shall be at least 5 feet from all taxiways & turn radiuses.
13. Exterior Lighting shall be a covered bulb fixture so as to prevent light being visible
From a distance of 50 feet or more. Motion detector lighting is preferable so as to
Limit the time the lighting is on to a minimum. The intent is to preserve a low to No
Light at night to preserve a Pilots ability to see the runway and taxiway lighting.
14. Upon sale of all lots owned by Bradley, Brin and Woodard, a Homeowners association can be established by a majority vote of individual lot owners within
Tracts A, B, & C, for the exclusive purpose of maintaining and improving Taxiways.
All covenants and restrictions can be superseded by more restrictive State and local Codes.
This Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions created this 10th day of March, 2003.
Pg.3 Signature page following;"It won't be white, that's for sure," Robert Jobson, a royal watcher, said with a leer when a CNN anchor asked him early Saturday morning to predict what Camilla Parker Bowles would wear. Actually, a few moments later the bride was shown on live TV arriving at the Guildhall in Windsor in an ivory-colored coat and dress and a vast, feathery hat for the royal wedding -- the Monty Python version.
Usually pageants of British royalty are packaged by American TV as a There'll-Always-Be-an-England celebration, a chance to revel in the splendor and quaintness of an ancient and once powerful empire. There was not much awe on network anchor desks for this spectacle, however.
The entire event, from the crowds lined up along the cobbled streets of Windsor to buy wacky wedding souvenirs to the procession of royals, aristocrats, servants, actors and other celebrities was served up with snickering affection -- the way some people watch old music videos of The Village People.
And that may explain why Fox News spent so many minutes on Prince Charles' choice for the traditional wedding dessert: a fruitcake.
The British royal family dramas have played as soap opera farce for years, so it was hardly surprising that TV did not record the prince's marriage to his longtime mistress with a straight face.
But the timing of the wedding, postponed by a day to avoid conflicting with the funeral of Pope John Paul II, was perfect for a TV audience drained by the round-the-clock deeply solemn and sorrowful papal coverage. It also suited TV reporters. Like children released after hours of sitting up straight at a school assembly, news anchors moved from the Vatican to Windsor Castle wriggling and giggling in relief. Before the ceremony at Windsor's Guildhall, MSNBC diabolically rebroadcast, in its entirely, the 1981 wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer as it was covered by Tom Brokaw and Jane Pauley on NBC. The network's live commentary on his second marriage was a little less glowing.Part 13
by CM Towns
Elijah was blowing off some steam the best way he could given his current circumstance. It had been a busy and frustrating few days. Constant exercise and training plus helping Antoine, Sally and the Professor with the investigation. He was not in there as much as them but he contributed the best he could. Sally, and obviously the Professor, were well read but Elijah had a knack for mysteries. Normally. This was different and even though he could pick up on small details in files or through witness statements he could not glean a significant lead.
The anger he was wrestling with did not come from the investigation so much as from a breaking news bulletin. Agents of Homeland Security found a Teiwaz base a little too late. Seven kidnapped teenagers all executed. It stuck Elijah in the heart. He listened and waited for word on the experiments but nothing in the news report about further experimentation. Elijah did not know how to feel about that, but he knew how to feel about the Teiwaz. The ones who died in the firefight deserved to burn in hell, and the ones who were arrested deserved the gas chamber. Elijah felt sickened by his feelings-he was against capital punishment as a rule but the Teiwaz were making him rethink that stance. They were heartless murders and liars. Scum posing as a superior movement. Elijah wanted to hurt them.
Elijah stared at that footage and thought about his family. Father, mother, brother, sister. He thought of his friends Marcus and Neil who suffered the abduction with him but were now unaccounted for. The anger, pain, sorrow swelled up and he had to step out.
He was now out in the dark of night, among the lush greenery that surround the Sekowsky mountain. He had Reed and Wolf with him. Not by choice really but Reed said Wolf should spend some time outside and felt the need to accompany the pet. Elijah grabbed the boy a miners helmet, as small as he could find, with a working light on top.
So there they were, out in the darkness. Elijah tossing large sticks at an excited Wolf. Reed watching, sharing in the fun. The distraction was amusing but Elijah had his mind still on the report, the investigation, and even thinking about his young partner. Reed seemed to have adapted quickest to the life. Not that Elijah, Frank or even Araminta really had too much troubles accepting the situation but Reed was different. He accepted the base as home without caring about how strange it was. He accepted the mission because the fight came to him. He accepted the others without asking too many questions. Reed was curious for simple details but never a full life story. Reed gave less a care than any of the others over his own wealth-much more interested in Elijah’s gaming set up back home.
Elijah looked up when he heard swooping noise in the air. Reina landed down by them with bags in her hands.
“Hey,” she said.
Elijah smiled and Reed asked, “Where’d you go?”
“Heard Beastly was feeling down and decided to solve that,” Reina replied. She reached into a bag and pulled a bottle of Courvoisier Cognac and Elijah laughed.
“Cognac is an after dinner drink,” Elijah said.
“We ate dinner a few hours ago,” she replied.
“Plus it should be chilled. I’d have been happy with a bottle of Jack Daniels like last time,” he said.
“You’re a wealthy man-you should drink like it.”
“Are you two going to make out? Because if you are I’m going back inside,” Reed said.
Reina walked over toward him. “When I heard you were out with Beastly I decided to drop by a 7-11 and get these,” she said handing him a pack of Oreos and a Cherry Coke. Reed thanked her and he found the nearest tree and sat down and started unwrapping the cookies.
“Yes, I see you Wolf,” Reina Titán pulled out a pack of beef jerky, opened it and tossed a few. Reina used her powers to adjust her costume into a long sleeve shirt and tight fitting pants.
“Thank you,” Elijah said moving over to Jessie. Her eyes watched his movements closely. He gave her a kiss on the top of her head.
“Your welcome.”
Elijah walked over to where Reed was seated and opened the bottle. He discovered early in his transformation that the best way to get buzzed was with hard liquors. He took a swig and offered it to Jessie who showed off a liter of Coke. Jessie got Reed to stand up, she moved behind him and pulled him down into front of her.
“You’re mothering him,” Elijah said.
“Reed likes the attention, don’t you?” she asked.
“Whatever,” he replied between bites and sips of soda.
“Wolf run off?” Jessie asked.
“He’s not too far. I can whistle and he’ll come back,” Elijah said.
“He’s smart,” Jessie said.
“He took a liking to us for feeding him. Plus he’s young and without a pack.”
“He has a pack now,” Jessie said.
“We should get more pets. Like a dog. One of the ones with a sad face,” Reed said.
Jessie laughed and Elijah said, “I don’t have any pets back home because my mother has allergies. Well… my brother does have a lizard.”
“I have a few cats. Kirino and Sayako,” Jessie told them.
“I don’t like cats,” Reed said pulling his handheld video game.
“You say that now but once you have a tiny kitten crawling all over you you’ll fall in love,” Jessie responded.
“If I want to have a cat I want a panther,” Reed said.
“A little too big really. Nothing bigger than our red wolf,” Jessie replied.
“Is this how it is when you’re on the job? Trying to relax while the world outside goes to hell?” Elijah asked.
“To be fair, we don’t have such a pretty view from Dangerous Duo HQ,” Jessie answered.
Elijah took another gulp of his drink, wiped his mouth and said, “It is a wonder view.”
“I want to say I understand your anger but-you’re in a situation that’s rare. I mean, my people are getting picked up too but… You know…” Jessie said.
“I do know. It’s very frustrating,” responded Elijah.
“It is. Extremely so. On the bright side we don’t have to worry about getting warrants and filing real paper work but I suspect Antoine will make us at least summarize what we did on the missions,” Jessie said.
“Antoine is very organized about his job.”
“So is Sally.”
“Match made in heaven,” Elijah raised his drink and Jessie hers.
“So is like-all you guys hooking up? Because if you are please don’t be kissing all around me and all the time,” said Reed. Jessie mussed up his hair and he snapped his hand back at hers.
“Tell me Jessie-you have seen some of the movies made about you. What’s your favorite?” Elijah asked.
“I can’t say. I honestly try to avoid them all,” Jessie answered.
“I like the one with that blond girl who was in that one James Bond film,” Reed mentioned.
“Why?” inquired Jessie.
“Because she slapped Mizer good,” Reed answered.
“The one from France is pretty good. All Hail de la Raine. The actress was impressive,” Elijah said.
“My best friends favorite is the first animé that Japan made,” Jessie said.
“Same friend who designed my outfit?” questioned Elijah.
“Same one,” Jessie answered before another drink.
There was silence, the only sounds were those around them and Reeds video game. Wolf crept back and laid beside Elijah.
Jessie broke the silence when she said, “Call your parents.”
“I’m not ready to do that.”
“You need to let them know you’re okay. You need someone who knows you to listen to your problems,” Jessie said.
“I need to do that. Just not yet. After we end this. After I get answers. Maybe,” Elijah replied.For all you skin addicts out there who like to try new skins ….this is the time for sales….like the super duper Black Friday skin addiction sale…and Wow skins is participating with 50% off on the Leah skin -she’s gorgeous and at 50% a bloomin steal I tell ya. Make sure to wear your skin addiction group tag or you will not be refunded the 50% amount.
While you’re shopping, do get ready to gear up for some fabulous jewelry items that you can feast your peepers on.
There is also the fabulous designer circle that is happening…
Hair: Miss C. – Retro_Cherry (Jewelry and Accessory Expo – Dec 5th – lm closer to event)
Skin:WoW Skins. Leah Bronze (Part of the 50% off Skin Addiction Black Friday sale)
Dress: AsHmOoT_Dolls Coll_Dolly Dress (Designer Circle)
Pose: [KoKoLoReS] Confident poses
One thought on “Addicted to skins”
Pingback: Addicted to skins | BloggingSLAll Results for Bedein
44 matches in 15 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(5) see all
Family Trees(7) see all
Census and Voter Lists(19) see all
Military Records(2) see all
Immigration and Travel(1) see all
- US Naturalization Records (1) Free!
Directories(10) see all
Book Results
Searching...
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surnameSELENA GOMEZ MOST FOLLOWED PERSON ON INSTAGRAM 😲😲😲
Selena Gomez is now the most Followed Person on Instagram with 72.5 million followers (as of this posting) .
Former Disney star, Selena Gomez became the most followed person on Instagram, surpassing her best friend, Taylor Swift .
No, Selena Gomez is not the most famous person on the planet. She is not even the most famous person with an Instagram account (that would be the those pesky lil Kardashian / Jenner sisters and Taylor Swift ). Most people know her as either the ex-girlfriend of Justin Bieber, or the girl who was on Witches of Waverly Place, or as a pop star whose songs are always playing in their spin class. She comes across as perfectly appealing in interviews, and has been famous for nearly a decade now, and has carved out a very successful career for herself. But none of this quite explains why she would be the most followed person on arguably the most popular social network.
People have their theories…. we liked these two the most…
She doesn’t post that often., it seems, in celeb-ville, if you post fewer Instagrams, each individual one becomes more of an “event,” of course, which also benefits Gomez. There’s a certain “specialness” when she posts a shot that other celebrities, who post much more frequently, aren’t quite able to achieve.
Then there’s the ‘Biebs. Her on/off relationship with Justin Bieber. It seems as everything she posts, can basically, end dynamic to her posts, Also, it is quite possible there is a large portion of Beliebers who follow her—in order to monitor her every move.
Very interesting indeed! 😊Just last night the 2017 NBA Dunk Contest was held. Normally by this time the Internet would be going crazy, making memes, and replaying the best dunks. However, this year’s dunk contest did not create such a buzz. For the past few years the dunk contest has been missing it’s star power. In the glory days the NBA’s top dunkers would come together to compete for the title. However there’s a new trend of elite dunkers skipping out on the contest. Due to the lack of interest, the NBA actually considered moving the three point contest to the main event slot in place of the dunk contest.
Glenn Robinson III of the Indiana Pacers emerged the victor of this years dunk contest, defeating Derrick Jones Jr. of the Phoenix Suns in the finals.
If you didn’t get to see the contest, checkout the highlights and tell us what you think. What was your favorite dunk? Feel free to drop some names of who would you like to see in next year’s dunk contest.
Categories: Entertainment, Featured, SportsHi everyone! Here are my first wine reviews ever! I have chosen three wines that are all under twelve dollars. So, every one of you should be able to afford them. I will try to post up reviews as often as I can, however, they probably will be pretty irregular. Some beer reviews might slip in here every once in awhile too. As always, you can take my advice but go out and experiment on your own. There are some fabulous wines out there for dirt cheap prices, there's no reason not to try them.Would I be in over my head with Pro?JerryWithaJ Oct 31, 2014 5:33 AM
I have no experience editing video. I would like to take music videos shot with a camcorder and replace the camcorder's audio with audio made on a high end recorder. Then, after that extract some clips, add titles,...
Suppose cost were not an issue. I could get Pro, but I'm afraid of getting lost in a sea of options. However, I'm also worried about getting a program that won't meet my needs. I'm asking here rather than on the Pro forum in the hope that users here will be able to offer opinions along the lines of "Oh, yeah, I do that all the time!" or "You'll be frustrated without Pro's <capability>."
Thanks!
1. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?John T Smith Oct 31, 2014 7:40 AM (in response to JerryWithaJ)
Have you considered the free 30 day trials to find out for yourself?
The Elements Tutorial Links Page may also help
OR
CS5-thru-CC PPro/Encore tutorial list will help
2. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?JerryWithaJ Oct 31, 2014 7:46 AM (in response to John T Smith)
Thanks. If I must, I must, but there's nothing like (talking with someone who has) experience and I'd prefer not getting involved with a program if it might be clear from the outset that another is better. I'll have a look at the tutorials, but the number of things that looked good to me initially only to prove wanting later is legion. Thanks for the links.
3. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?JerryWithaJ Oct 31, 2014 10:11 AM (in response to John T Smith)
I was going to go Pro, but I checked your links. It's looking like Pro would be way over my head as a novice. I'm now inclined (but still waiting for others to weight in) to go with Elements. One thing that helped tip the scales (although someone may say that it's irrelevant) is that the videos for Elements seem to compose a detailed course. whereas the videos for Pro seem to be excerpts (serving as ads?) for other sites. Learn Premiere Pro CC | Adobe TV
4. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?Peru Bob Oct 31, 2014 10:44 AM (in response to JerryWithaJ)
A lot of people start with Premiere Elements and then after becoming proficient with it , move on to Premiere Pro.
5. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?JerryWithaJ Oct 31, 2014 11:13 AM (in response to Peru Bob)
That's the conclusion I came to. I just ordered Elements. Thanks!
6. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?A.T. Romano Oct 31, 2014 8:05 PM (in response to JerryWithaJ)
jerrywithaj
It is always a good idea to evaluate the free 30 day tryout of Premiere Elements 13 from Adobe before purchase to assure the compatibility of it with your computer environment and your project goals.
What is your computer operating system? Be advised that Premiere Elements 13 no longer supports Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Mac OSX 10.7.
There are no more .flv/.f4v exports. No more DV and HDV capture.
The following will should give you some insights into Premiere Elements 13
ATR Premiere Elements Troubleshooting: Premiere Elements 13 Daily Discoveries
Did you note a non technical fundamental difference between Premiere Elements and Premiere Pro, that is, Premiere Pro is available
only on a subscription basis (monthly payments or maybe also yearly payments) whereas Premiere Elements involves a one time purchase of the license.
Please update us on your progress when you get a chance.
Thanks.
ATR
7. Re: Would I be in over my head with Pro?JerryWithaJ Oct 31, 2014 8:57 PM (in response to A.T. Romano)
TMI! Seriously, tho', thanks! Money isn't an issue, so I decided to start with Elements. If it's not enough, I'll go to Pro. I felt lost looking at Pro's new project screen, which is what made me decide to give Elements a try. The download link appears not to be working. It returns a "413 Header Length Too Large" error, and it would take more than a few minutes to download, so I ordered it from Amazon.
BTW, 64 bit Win 7/Pro on an i7 chip with 8 GB memory
Thanks.South Asians must stop supporting each other's secessionists
Published 4:00 am, Monday, December 31, 2007
Born amid the mass killings of partition in 1947, Pakistan has never escaped from the cycle of violence, volatility and bloodshed. Benazir Bhutto, 54, is the latest casualty of that murderous cycle.
Pakistan is a volatile, unstable and dangerous place that could spiral into civil war. Pakistani leader Gen. Pervez Musharraf has failed to deliver Pakistan from the scourge of terrorism, in part because success against the jihadists would end his utility to the West. A Dec. 24 New York Times article confirmed that much of the money given to him to fight the Taliban and al Qaeda has been diverted to buy weapons systems for use against India. The starting point for Pakistan's recovery has to be an early exit for Musharraf.
The Pakistani army and Washington need to have a quiet but firm word with him and nudge him into luxurious exile - perhaps somewhere in the Middle East, like Saudi Arabia.
The planned Pakistani elections next month were a sham from the start and should be postponed until they can be rescheduled under genuinely free and fair conditions. The rule of law is a precondition for
Yet only the army can provide the crucial stability and underwrite law and order for a transitional period. It is the symbol and protector of national unity and indispensable for the foreseeable future. At the same time, there is no future for Pakistan unless the army stays out of the political arena. Pakistan has a large educated, capable and worldly elite that must form the core of the country's revival and regeneration.
The 9/11 murderers came out of the mountainous caves of Afghanistan where the Taliban regime, a monstrous creation of the U.S.- and Saudi-backed mujahedeen, had been gaining strength and reach. Pakistan, in seeking a military advantage against arch-enemy India, had nurtured them as a potent weapon, and it is the Taliban, and al Qaeda, whom the government accuses of assassinating Bhutto. Musharraf's credibility is totally shot domestically and is one important explanation for the whirlpool of conspiracy theories about the extent to which the government, military and intelligence forces might themselves be complicit in the politically charged assassination.
For years, India had warned that the epicenter of international terrorism had shifted from the Middle East to Southwest Asia. Like the warnings that Pakistan was at the center of nuclear proliferation, these concerns were dismissed as the self-interested rants of the regional hegemon.
India can contribute a lot to rescuing Pakistan from the precipice of a failed state if allowed to - materially and institutionally, as well as by force of example. It may not be able to, owing to domestic political opponents who would exploit any sign of "aiding the enemy" or deeply ingrained Pakistani distrust.
All South Asian countries must move away from viewing, nurturing, financing and arming "the other's" secessionists and dissidents as allies. In the present state of enmity and distrust, it might be too much to expect active cooperation among the security, law enforcement and border control agencies. But at some stage, even the most reality-challenged and obstinate leaders must recognize that supping with the devils of terrorism has consumed far too many of them already.
Other countries can assist in working toward regional peace both bilaterally and multilaterally through such institutions as the Commonwealth of Nations and the United Nations. If nothing else, progress in Afghanistan is held hostage to events in Pakistan, and Afghanistan remains critical to the security of the international community.
India offers the best and nearest example of Islam being compatible with democracy; Malaysia and Indonesia nearby are good models of "moderate" Islam coexisting with democratic practices; and Turkey is the best example of secularism in a Muslim majority country.
For too long, Pakistan has fought the realities of its geography and looked in the rearview mirror for a glimpse of the future. Benazir Bhutto's assassination provides another tragic reminder to South Asians that, although they cannot change their geography, they can escape from the trap of stoking cross-border extremist violence to shape a common destiny and alter the course of world history.The Latest: No quick decision on public defender caseloads
The Latest: No quick decision on public defender caseloads
The Latest: No quick decision on public defender caseloads
Jul. 26, 2017
SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — The Latest on a Supreme Court petition to reduce workloads for public defenders in New Mexico (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
The New Mexico Supreme Court is taking no immediate action on a petition from public defenders who say they are overwhelmed by cases from poor defendants, indicating that more than a day is needed to deliberate complex issues.
In oral arguments before the court on Wednesday, Assistant New Mexico Attorney General Regina Ryanczak said evidence is insufficient to prove that public defense attorneys are stretched too thin to provide effective legal representation.
Supreme court justices peppered Ryanczak and others with questions about what might be done to ease pressure on busy public defenders. Ryanczak suggested easing requirements for a speedy trial.
David Henderson of the Law Offices of the Public Defender says caseloads for public defenders in Lea County last year vastly exceeded recommended limits. He says poor defendants were left without legal representation at bail proceedings.
___
9:20 a.m.
The New Mexico Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments in a petition to reduce the workload on public defenders who say they are being overwhelmed by poor clients.
The Law Offices of the Public Defender says its attorneys in various parts of the state are wrongfully being forced to take on more cases than they can handle without neglecting indigent defendants who cannot otherwise afford an attorney. Oral arguments began Wednesday morning.
The state's chief public defender has asked the Supreme Court to take steps to slow the flow of cases. A district judge in Lea County has refused requests by defense attorneys to withdraw from cases.
The National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers says the problems in New Mexico are symptoms of a broader crisis in providing adequate legal representation to the poor.
___
8:30 a.m.
Public defenders are appealing to the New Mexico Supreme Court to ensure they have the manpower and financial resources to provide an adequate defense to poor defendants facing possible jail time.
The New Mexico Supreme Court plans to hear oral arguments Wednesday that could decide whether public defense attorneys are being overwhelmed by caseloads and limited funding.
The independent agency overseeing public defense attorneys across New Mexico is suggesting emergency measures such as dismissing cases involving relatively minor nonviolent offenses and the recruitment of volunteer attorneys.
Overburdened public defenders late last year declined or asked to withdraw from representing hundreds of indigent criminal defendants in the southeastern corner of the state. Chief Public Defender Bennett Baur says the problem won't go away without a new approach.Stefan Larsson, the new chief executive at Ralph Lauren Corp., was expected to fashion a new business plan for the struggling apparel designer by May.
But the apparel veteran appears to be tipping his hand early.
Within the last two weeks, Larsson has eliminated a senior position at the global fashion house and, The Post has learned, backed out of at least two pricey store leases for its underperforming Club Monaco brand.
The position eliminated is the global head of brands now occupied by Christopher Peterson — who said he would leave the company in May.
As a result, the company’s brands — including Polo, Club Monaco, Chaps and Ralph Lauren Home — will report directly to Larsson.
Larsson, who was tapped to spearhead a turnaround of the venerable company, has also turned his attention to the 76 company-owned Club Monaco stores.
The two Manhattan leases nixed by Larsson came at the 11th hour.
Founded 31 years ago, Club Monaco, an upscale $200 million specialty retailer, had suddenly grown to a 90-store chain two years ago after operating about 60 stores during the previous four years.
The chain, which retail analysts feel has never reached its potential, suddenly shrank to 64 company-owned stores in the fiscal year ended March 2015, regulatory filings show.
“It’s done fairly well but has never grown to the size it should grow to,” Macquarie Securities analyst Laurent Vasilescu said.
A Club Monaco at 121 Prince St. was set to relocate to 62 Spring St. when the company pulled the plug on the deal in the final hour, according to Jeffrey Roseman, executive vice president of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank Retail.
“They’d been negotiating for the past six months,” Roseman said. “We all sort of scratched our heads because they’d given no hint that they would pull out.”
Around the same time, Ralph Lauren pulled out of another advanced negotiation in Rockefeller Center, where the company was arranging to move into 636 Fifth Avenue, a space occupied by Faccionable located across from St. Patrick’s Cathedral.
A spokesman for Ralph Lauren declined to comment on the real estate decisions other than to attribute them to “a shift in Club Monaco’s retail strategy.”
But both deals would have been signed on the heels of a quarter in which the company’s revenue declined 4 percent to $1.9 billion.
The company, led by its namesake legendary 76-year-old founder and chairman, had estimated revenue would grow by as much as 2 percent in the quarter ended Dec. 26.
Larsson, who came to Ralph Lauren after turning around the Gap’s Old Navy chain, vowed last fall to turn things around and said he was undertaking a “comprehensive assessment,” the results of which would be unveiled in May.
Inking a deal on Fifth Avenue is an enormous financial commitment for a company that may be retrenching.
Ralph Lauren shares fell 1.2 percent on Friday, to $90.85, and are down 35 percent over the past year.I love how the news pushes certain pop culture down our throats. You try to be a well informed citizen and you get nonstop Brittney Spears coverage. I have had enough. I have compile a list. You can add to it in the comments.
- Madonna and Guy Ritchie Divorce – Poor old lady who lived in a shoe. She had so much money she didn't know what to do. NEXT!
- Britney Spears makes a comeback – Well when is she gonna make a mommy comeback, If the courts had taken my kids away, my first priority would NOT be a raunchy video.
- Sarah Palin was on SNL – DID. NOT. WATCH!!!- Yet I could not help but see what happened because EVERY news program covered it and showed an extended clip.
- Sarah Silverman booed in London – **note to the universe** this chick was NEVER funny. NEVER.
- Jennifer Hudson is engaged to "PUNK" form "I Love New York." – Jennifer I don't believe you. You need more people.
- Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt may be adopting more kids. They have six now. – I have just one question. Am I too old to be adopted?
- McCain finally returned to Jay Leno, now wait, David Letterman.
Toni Braxton is on Dancing With The Stars – What happened to her career? Seriously?
David Alan Grier has a new show on Comedy Central entitled Chocolate News. No, really, that's the title. – I won't be watching.
Elizabeth Hasselback is still on the view.
2 thoughts on “Ten Things I Should Care About According To The News, But I Don’t”
I think you misslabeled the tittle. It should read: “10 things I care that i shouldn’t”.
No. I meant what the title says. These are things I am told by the media I should care about. I am inundated with this news yet I really don’t care about them at all. All of that does not fit into a title line.
Thanks for visiting.Get calling cards instantly on screen and by email
Looking for an international phone card for overseas calling from Sweden to Colombia - Barranquilla? Comfi sells the best international calling cards that will make your connection with friends, loved ones or co-workers cost-effective and high quality.
We provide a wide range of international phone cards to call from Sweden to Colombia - Barranquilla.
FastWorld calling card is a safe, comfortable and simple way to get in touch with recipient abroad. The most important characteristic is the possibility to recharge“How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.” –Winnie the Pooh
What a wonderful year it’s been! For me, this past year has been perfect. We take the mick out of Chalon, but we really love it. When we all first arrived in the booming metropolis of Chalon-sur-Saône, I think it made us nervous. Who knew that this would turn out to be an amazing year? I mean, ok, maybe we didn’t make/do party as much as we wanted, but we saw Moses’ staff! And the Prince of Monaco! Despite being a princess-stealing, child neglecting bastard, he’s royalty!
Can you believe it all began with a picnic at my school and Shrek in French? It pretty much became the template of our year: we eat bread and cheese, drink wine, and watch something. And the rain. You can’t forget the rain. It was bad this year, the year the Saône flooded a lot. I really wanted to run along it too, explore it. I guess I can’t say that I follow rivers… It didn’t hinder us from exploring other towns though! Starting with a tour of Tours and ending with a nice time in Nice, we definitely had an adventurous year and got to know each other better! (sorry, guys, I had to…)
Doug and I got to introduce you guys, Alex and Kate, to Thanksgiving. Particularly, pumpkin pie, which is delicious. I’m glad we also got to teach you what REAL pancakes, lemonade, and biscuits are. We were close enough by the Fête des Lumières in December that Doug and Alex, you didn’t ditch Kate and I when we got stuck in a wall of people, even with a train to catch. And the next week was our big adventure: renting a car to Germany! Isn’t it funny how it was the highlight of our year, yet Kate slept most of the way there and we spent less than 15 hours in actual Germany? Still totes worth it. We even committed crimes together: stealing disco balls, flowers, and menus; Riding trains sans composter; Sitting on the grass in Monaco; Wandering into someone’s yard, which we thought was a chateau; Stalking Kevin (though we never got to the illegal side with this. Just Facebook). Oh Kev… We have our own vocabulary and understandings too, such as totes awks, porq’s pas, the sitch (or is it sit?) [No, Doug, you still can’t get away with saying that]. We also each know the significance behind the number 126. And despite failing at a Morocco diet, we all stuck together and stayed strong throughout the year. We were always pretty good about catching the train, although Kate caused quite a scare at times, and we always got from point A to point B, despite our dismal map reading skills. I don’t know if we would quite make it as Germans.
I learned so much from you all over this past year too, such as the difference between chips and fries (even though today, Kate, you called Alex’s fries chips!) and words like “fit,” “uni,” “cash point,” etc. If I hadn’t met you, the phrase “touch wood” would have an entirely different meaning . I picked up some British vocab, though I still have to say that “I went to hospital and watched the football” would be wrong. I went to THE hospital to watch football. Still weird. I can’t completely tell the difference between a Yorkshire, Darbyshire, and London accent, but I can tell the difference between a posh and not posh accent, so that’s improvement, right? I also no longer imitate any British person I hear (or only a few words), so that’s improvement. I think Doug and I bonded over that at the beginning… though Doug may have picked up too much slang after watching the In Betweeners. Remember, Doug, ‘Murica! And Alex, thanks for attempting to teach me Finnish, though the only thing I really remember is Moi, and I’m not even sure that’s how you spell it…
I think we all learned a lot this year, both from our schools and our traveling. Although our English may have suffered, our knowledge of other languages has been broadened. We’re practically French/German/Italian/Czech/Hungarian/Moroccan/Turkish! And we learned life lessons too. Remember what the Senegalese man on the train to Lyon taught us: true beauty comes from the heart, and Alex, you are not more beautiful than his wife! As much as he might really think you are. We met a number of the strange men, such as Alex’s brown-skinned friend, the racist who likes foreign women, or the Nice bartender. And I didn’t even mention our favorite Frenchie, though he worried us over his expulsion. Oh what a portrait of French guys!
It’s been a great year. And here come the waterworks (worse than Alex watching Titanic): I truly feel lucky to have been with you guys. You guys pointed out and brought out the incredibly cheesy side of myself, and for that I thank you. Not only did it help me to discover myself and accept who I really am, we also got some great pictures out of it! (Doug, I swear you won’t regret this in 20 years!). You’ve all been so supportive of me through everything this year. If you guys weren’t here, I would have felt so alone. I would have watched HIMYM and would never have seen the day of light. While Steve Jobs is not my personal hero, I definitely will be appreciating my iPhone and Mac to keep in touch. Guys…. I’m going to miss you. A lot. Just remember two things: We survived Morocco: we can do anything! And also remember: If I have to blackmail you, I have incriminating photos of each and every one of you! Muahahaha! But really, Vous me manquerez immensely and I can’t wait until we meet again! May Dexter never find us and may the ghosts in the apartment above Kate’s allow us a safe journey home!
Cheers love! Thanks babe! Hats of to an awesome year, et a bientot!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx (lots of love, English style)
Sam
French word of the day: Au revoir—It means goodbye, but literally translated it means until the next time I see you. So Kate, Alex, Doug, au revoir, parce qu’on se reverra bientot.
Things I am looking forward to from home
-Seeing everyone
-Stores open past 7pm
-Being able to do things on Sunday
-Listening to the radio
-Driving
-My puppy!
-Spicy foods, bacon, and cheddar
-Reprieve from the constant rain
-Cheaper things
-Not paying rent
-Free fitness/pool membership
-Not having to drag my laundry to the Laundromat
-Internet on my phone
-Making money
-Real coffee
-Being able to sit and read or work in a coffeeshop
-Books and TV
-Our education system
-Weddings
-Bathroom counter space
-Having a microwave and oven
Things I’ll miss from France
-My Chalon family, other assistants, and friends and colleagues here
-Fresh baguettes, cheese varieties, and cheap wine
-Public transportation
-Ease and affordability of travel
-A light workload
-My apartment and bed
-50m pool
-Hearing and Speaking French
-The countryside and scenery
-Markets and fresh food
-Patisseries
-The proximity to other languages and cultures
-Cathedrals
-Cafes
-Getting a little cookie or chocolate with your coffee
-Degustations
-Cooking all the time
-Hills and MountainsInbound marketing is a very systematized form of generating original content which attracts visitors to your website via organic search, then converting some into prospects.
When you’re working with a firm that demonstrates results by showing you live analytics of existing clients and is willing to put in place a pay for performance plan, you should work with them, but not micromanage them. exactly is the system you need to trust in?
In summary:
- Generate content, in fairly short posts, at very regular and consistent intervals, where one post provides an answer to one question.
- The posts must be properly formatted for SEO, including internal and external links.
- Do this multiple times each day.
- Monitor search ranking progress with:
- Google Webmasters Tools (this one is relevant first)
- Google Analytics
- Implement effective Calls to Action (CTAs) at the bottom of every post./
- Monitor and adjust monthly.
- KEEP AT IT until your desired result arrives.
Inbound marketing is like the joke about the two campers and the bear. As the bear starts chasing them, one camper stops to change his shoes. When his buddy comments that he will never outrun the bear, he replies he doesn’t have to. He needs to be able to outrun buddy.
Inbound marketing is your outrunning your competitors, but unlike the above joke, it’s a marathon, not a sprint.
When your business needs more traffic, more leads, and more business, look to Inbound Marketing. Talk to us.Download the eBook: The 7 Fundamentals of Being Found Online
Leave A ResponsePerhaps death is the only solace that one can have after the tiring and gruesome journey of life, at least one can lie down peacefully without any fuss. Perhaps he could stop complaining about life now, and perhaps people would stop expecting from the ‘dead’ body. At times they don’t even spare the dead and we would complain about them too. We get uncomfortable when we talk about death, but isn’t strange for what is to become the ultimate destination point for everyone we seldom want to talk about it. Death is permanent and yet we function as if nothing can touch, or at least we knowingly deny. Just think about it, we plan for everything but we do not plan for our death. No, I am not talking about your life insurance policy, anyway that’s of no use because the premium and the benefits are not enjoyed by you but by your family after you are long gone. After witnessing father’s demise I could not take the death of people well but gradually I grew cold about any event related with death, as in at times I don’t even know how to react to the news of someone’s death. I personally witnessed many deaths in the family leaving me with a sense of vacuum. My emotions have become so static that I can’t even shed a tear; I just feel a trembling silence, that’s it. That monologue might be coming from the realization that the thing called life is endless and when the body gets obsolete ‘someone’ just erases our memories and put us in a fresh body and push the restart mode.
I received a message yesterday being stated that Guru Ji is no more. I initially was very uncomfortable and later unsure of how to react. I am not sure but I believe he must have lived for more than 85 years. In a way he lived his life and touched millions of lives, he was a father figure to us, for my fiancé Megha and me. However, Megha was very much more attached to him than me, and more than a Guru he was her cute ‘little’ golgappa grandpa. Whenever he would make his travel plans to northeast he would call us and ask us to accompany him to various temple trips. He was a saint for me and a self-realized person, but I would keep a little distance for reasons unknown to me. Anyway, the old man reflected brilliance and he carried such innocence that can give an infant some serious complex.
But isn’t life and death similar to changing to new clothes and throwing ‘it’ away when it becomes obsolete? Both sad and happy part is probably in our next and fresh life we don’t remember how we land up in that body. It’s sad because we ought not to remember the beautiful memories, and the good thing is we shall not carry any baggages of hurt from our distant past. It’s an erased sheet which is ready to be filled up again. I see people around me talk about different topics- politics, cars, gadgets, lifestyles, and what not but I seldom hear them even mentioning about death and life, at times I do hear but more so in pseudo terms, more so in clichéd understanding of life.
With more suffering people would start realizing the ‘why’ of things and answers will be presented to them, provided we are ready to accept it or not. Until then, learning to accept death and celebrating its essence is what we can do. Gratitude!A Brooklyn teenager tried to smother her infant son with a pillow last night but was stopped by the baby’s horrified grandmother, police said.
The 19-year-old Brownsville mom was taken to Brookdale Hospital for psychiatric evaluation.
The 7-month-old boy appeared to be in good condition.
The older woman called 911 at 7:45 p.m. and said her daughter had tried to suffocate the child in his crib and threatened to do it again, police sources said.
Cops arrived at the family’s Linden Boulevard apartment and found the young mom in one room and the child safely in another.
“She was in severe emotional distress,” one source said.
Police withheld the name of the teen, saying it was unlikely she would be charged with any crime.Rafael Nadal sent a strong message last night to the field after destroying his countryman Tommy Robredo 60, 62, 62 to reach the US Open semifinals.
Robredo, who just beat 5-time US Open champion Roger Federer on Monday, was no match for Nadal who improved his impeccable record on hardcourts this year to 20-0. Nadal afterward said some of the tennis he played last night was his best of the season.
“I think I played great the first set,” said Nadal. “It’s my first set so far this year 100%..”
Nadal will meet junior rival Richard Gasquet in the semifinals on Saturday. The Frenchman ousted Spanish No. 2 David Ferrer in five sets earlier in the day.
“If I don’t play great match against Richard, I will see the final on TV,” Nadal joked. “I am focus only to play great match in semifinals against Richard.”
“I hope to be at my 100%. That’s the only way I feel I’m going to have my chance in that match.”
You Might Like:
Roger Federer: I Can’t Cook. I Can’t Skate. I’m Far From Perfect.
Venus Williams Admits She’s a “Cheagan” When It Comes To Her Diet
Novak Djokovic: Roger Played The Perfect Match
Rafael Nadal: I Never Lost Motivation To Play Tennis Last Year [Video]
Rafael Nadal Is Still Mad About Madrid’s Blue Clay, But At Least His Knee Is “Perfect”
Giles Says:
Vamos Champ!
Stay healthy!
September 5th, 2013 at 1:31 pmTarget Audience:
This one day course, is for all those who work regularly with children and families, and/or adults who are parents/carers who have a greater degree of role accountability and responsibility for safeguarding children’s welfare (Groups 2 and 3). Also relevant for managers who have responsibility for staff supervision (outside of Children’s Social Care) and who wish to refresh their knowledge.
Please be aware that the course will have explicit course content which some participants may find distressing
The LSCB Training Pool will be facilitating the course with Dr Emilia Wawrzkowicz, Consultant Paediatrician and Designated Doctor assisting
Aims:
- To enable participants to develop the skills required to recognise signs and indicators of child abuse
- To consider the impact of abuse upon children and their families
- To consider the challenges and dilemma’s of the thresholds of significant harm
- To enable participants to work alongside other agencies in understanding thresholds and the provision of services
Learning Outcomes:
By the end of the course participants will have:
- An awareness of the potential signs and indicators of child abuse and the impact this has upon children and their families
- An understanding of the challenges and dilemma’s of the thresholds of significant harm within a multi-agency context
Trainers:
LSCB Training Pool + Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Designated Doctor for Safeguarding ChildrenDefense and Protection Spell Details
Information
- Category: Protection Spells
- Contributor: ladydarkness
- Date Added: 02/02/2008
- Printed: 1846 times.
- Rating: 0
- Views: 2987
- Print spell (blank)
- Print spell (book)
- Print spell (food)
- Print spell (harvest)
Defense and Protection Spell
* 4 or more rail road spikes
* Half yard of red cloth
* 4 or more containers of Red Devil Lye
* 1 large bottle of Whiskey or Rum
* Tobacco
* Fiery Wall of Protection Incense
* 4 or more Sixth Pentacles of Mars from the Key of Solomon or you may choose to use a different protection talisman.
* Glue
* John the Conqueror Root Chips
* Devil?s Dung
* Red Pepper
This defense and protection ritual will be deployed at the four corners of your house. A person living in an apartment or condo can improvise by setting potted plants in the four perimeter corners of their dwelling. Perform during the hours of Mars if possible.
Soak the rail road spikes overnight in whiskey or rum; this will clean and feed the iron. Take spikes from rum and allow to air dry.
Cut the red cloth into 6 inch strips about one inch wide. If you only have four spikes, you will only need four strips of cloth. Set the strips aside.
Print out the talismans using the appropriate color ink. For the Sixth Pentacle of Mars, red is the appropriate color. Glue one talisman to each railroad spike ? see my photo for an example. As you prepare your spikes, pray your prayer of protection such as the 27th Psalms or a protection mantra/chant associated with the Deity or Loa you work with.
Next tie a strip of red cloth around each railroad spike directly under the head of the spike. Now you will smoke the spikes in the Fiery Wall of Protection incense. Add some tobacco to heighten the effect. As you wave each spike through the smoke of the incense, continue repeating your prayers and incantations. See the energy of your enemies repelled by a giant invisible force field surrounding your residence. Visualize your spiritual helpers forming an impenetrable perimeter of protection. You may wish to add red pepper or High John the Conqueror Root Chips to the Fiery Wall of Protection. You can also substitute Devils Dung for the High John or use the Devil?s Dung alone as incense. All are effective alone or combined for protection work. The next step is optional but effective. Prick your finger to draw blood and place a drop of your blood on each spike. You may be led to place the blood on the talisman too. If pricking your finger is out of the question, dress the spikes with a little of your urine.
Now it is time to put your protection in place. Dig a hole at the four corners of your house and place a container of Red Devil Lye with the Devil facing outward in the hole. Cover the hole and drive the railroad spike into the ground next to the hole. The head of the spikes should be flush with the ground and hopefully you will be able to locate it each month to feed the spike a shot glass of rum or whiskey mixed with some of your urine. After you drive the railroad spike into the ground, pour a shot glass of whiskey on it and whisper your prayer, Psalm, incantation or invocation. Once a month during the Full Moon or New Moon feed the spikes in this manner or as frequently as you are led.
As you can see, this protection spell incorporates multiple traditions such as Solomonic magick, Hoodoo, Vodoun, Palo, Santeria and astrological magick. Spiritual/magical traditions can be used effectively by observing the simple rule of the Doctrine of Signatures and the Law of Correspondence. In this defense and protection spell each component complements the other and combines to strengthen the results of the spell. One word of caution: when working with spirit entities of different traditions make sure they will get along or the spell may back fire or not work at all.
Defense and Protection Spell Comments
There are no comments at this time.
Rate Defense and Protection Spell
Comment on Defense and Protection Spell
Only members are allowed to leave comments.Join Us for a Fall Open House!
September 30 – October 2
Upcoming Events
Join Us for a Fall Open House!
You will be the first to know about Laurie's Home Tours, Opportunity Buys, Events, and all of the scoop from the store!
Our inventory and pricing changes frequently. Call or email to check availability and pricing. DismissRecently so I went for rose and pomegranate. This smells lovely and I would say is quite heavily rose based so if that’s not your thing then you probably wouldn’t want this one. I’m not the biggest fan of rose in makeup products but on my hair I actually quite like it as it smells quite sophisticated but not grannyish!
In terms of formula, I love the shampoo because it feels like it’s doing a great job of cleaning my hair and scalp without stripping it or leaving any heavy residue. I’ve been having a real issue with product build up in the underneath sections of my hair so i’m super aware of using thick shampoos at the moment! It lathers up really well so you don’t have to use too much product which is great and of course means the bottle lasts longer too.
The conditioner was a real surprise for me as i’ve never used anything quite like it. It’s in the traditional creamy form which you can apply to the hair and leave for a few minutes to do it’s magic. But when you wash it out it is gone straight away and there’s no immediate silky smooth feeling like with your standard conditioner but instead i’ve found it leaves the hair very soft and nourished when dry. If you can get past the initial application and wash off then I promise you’ll feel the benefits afterwards. I genuinely feel like my hair loves these products and what’s even better is that they are made without sulphates, parabens or artificial fragrances.
At just under six pounds per bottle these are definitely on the slightly higher priced end but that being said they are made with great ingredients which for me justifies the price. I’m definitely going to continue to use this duo as i’m loving how they leave my hair.
What’s your current go to shampoo?
Jess x
this post contains PR samples
other posts containing AA skincare:
❄️ Amphora Aromatics skincare gift set ❄️
Mother’s Day beauty gift guide
3 thoughts on “AA skincare shampoo and conditioner”
Not a massive fan of rose but this looks absolutely lovely & I’m sure it smells great especially with the pomegranate! Great post 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
it’s such a lovely scent but not too overpowering which is great! xSt. Joseph Island ~ A Hidden Gem In Ontario’s Algoma Country
We discovered a new way to travel this summer. Located just 2 hours from our home is an island rich in history. St. Joseph Island is just 40 minutes from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Home to Hilton Beach and Richard’s Landing, this is one place that you won’t find anything “new.” Instead you’ll find something much richer. There are stories here, history and people with a passion for tradition.
The Children’s Library was an incredible spot, one that I will be covering more in depth soon and the care and upkeep that is put into this building is something that is admirable. It was built by a woman who had a passion for children’s literacy. When she died she left a trust fund to the library and that’s what keeps it going to this day.
From beaches to gardens, a historic fort and children’s library, St. Joseph Island is a spot that is ideal for families and children of all ages. Northern Ontario Tourism asked me to cover this destination and so I have shared my thoughts on their site. You can view additional photos and read about the epiphany I had in regards to family travel while visiting the island, by visiting Northern Ontario Tourism.
Disclosure: Thank you to Algoma Country Tourism for hosting us and sponsoring our stay! All thoughts and opinions are my own as always.Peggy Blair’s short story, The Angel’s Share, is the prequel to The Beggar’s Opera. In Episode Four, Inspector Ramirez pays a visit to the victim’s home.
Narration by Thelma Farmer. Cover art by Jade Blair. Sound editing by Jeff Schade, Pete Patterson, and Gerry Fraiberg.
Missed earlier episodes? Catch up here.Wake up NYC! It’s Sunday, time to get that brunch game-face on! The regular Eggs Benedict, mimosas, pass out and repeat isn’t going to cut it today, time to up that brunch-game of yours. Whether you want soul food, Asian fusion or a Caribbean feast, it’s best to do it with a little style, so we’ve compiled some of the most delicious and unique brunch options in the city:
Brunch Market
- Where – Urbanspace Vanderbilt – Inside The Helmsley Building at 230 Park (at 45th Street & Vanderbilt Avenue), Manhattan, 10169
- Price – Join the list
Urbanspace’s Brunch Market offers over 20 dining options conveniently located beside Grand Central Terminal. From eggs benedict to lox to scones and beyond, this delicious spot has it all, and was even named one of Time Out NY’s favorite brunches. Whether you come for the endless group seating options or potent mimosas, there’s no better way to start off your weekend, so come get your fill today.
East Village Bottomless Brunch For 2 @ Pinks
- Where – Pinks – 242 E 10th St New York, NY 10003
- Price – $45
Pinks is serving up something special for brunch: you keep you topped off for 2 hours with Mimosas, Bloody Marys, and beer to keep you quenched. Inspired by vintage cars and “kustom kulture” of 1950s California, Pinks is an East Village landmark known for great music, friendly vibes, and soul-satisfying fare, and of course, mouth watering food. Pick a friend you really like, cause this Cal-Mex brunch with bottomless drinks is a real special treat!
Liquid Brunch Caribbean Style @ Zurilee Restaurant
- Where – Zurilee Restaurant – 755 Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn, 11226
- Price – $15
Imagine a hybrid between your favorite pizza joint and a bonafide Jamaican grill. ZuriLee Pizza Bar is really like nothing in Flatbush, and now this hidden gem is serving up the most scrumptious brunch in the city. They specialize in original, fusion dishes with a dash of Caribbean heat (ever had oxtail pizza?). Go ahead and lather on the hot sauce, because this colorful and cozy spot is serving unlimited brunch cocktails. Enjoy the hand painted decorations that line the walls while your server hands you a Bloody Mary, and a Bellini, and a Mimosa, then a Bloody Mary again… Still thinking about bagels and coffee? Don’t miss out!
Brunch Caribbean Style @ MangoSeed
- Where – MangoSeed Restaurant – 757 Flatbush Ave, Brooklyn, 11226
- Price – $30
Picture yourself sipping on an endless supply of premium cocktails, indulging in some Caribbean bites and enjoying some island vibes… all in the heart of Brooklyn. MangoSeed has become Brooklyn’s new favorite restaurant to enjoy delectable Caribbean-fused dishes & cocktails. Thanks to its flavorful cuisine, ambiance, & warm hospitality, even the choosiest customers fall in love at first bite. Enjoy this scrumptious brunch in their chic venue.
Brunch for 2 @ Zora’s Cafe
- Where – Zora’s Cafe – 712 9th Avenue, Manhattan, 10019
- Price – $49
Life’s better with a steamy plate of soul food in front of you. Zora’s Cafe is Hell’s Kitchen’s newest, and already beloved, premier soul food establishment. Only the finest ingredients, like organic meats and vegetables and cage-free eggs, are used to cook up all your favorite treats from below the Mason Dixie line. The difference is felt from the first to the last gravy-covered and cornbread-accompanied bite. This brunch special for two brings big southern inspired flavors for you and a very lucky friend!
Asian Fusion Bottomless Brunch for 2
- Where – Jack’s Sliders and Sushi – 171 3rd Avenue, 10003
- Price – $39
Bringing Asian-Fusion to a whole new level, Jack’s Sliders & Sushi is the place to get your fill of sliders, rice bowls, ramen and more; and this deal offers you the choice of 2 entrees from the full brunch menu, along with bottomless mimosas and sangria. Whether you go for the pork belly slider, salmon teriyaki bowl, or ginger crunchy curry slider, we promise this eclectic bistro will warm you up on even the coldest day. We’re sure the endless booze don’t hurt, either.
Featured image source [feverup]The 35th annual Fall for Greenville is just days away and we are giving you a preview of one of the culinary demonstrations. Our friend and baker Amber Twomey with Speckled Cakes is here to tell us about her demo on Friday at 6:30pm in downtown. For more information about other demonstrations: and for more information about Speckled Cakes:FAMILY
People ask me why I don’t see children (0-12) if I have so much background working with children. The reason is that I feel I can have the most impact on children’s lives by working with their parent(s) or with the family as a whole.
If your family is experiencing difficulty please let me help. If I do not feel I am the best person for you to see I will refer you to someone who is.
Parenting
Divorce
Attachment
Intake sessions: 75 minutes $190
Normal sessions: 60 minutes $160
**I do not accept insurance but am happy to provide a superbill for you to submit yourself.
Divorce.This beautiful keepsake ornament provides a special remembrance of a loved one and will be cherished each and every year.
Product specifications:
4.5" x 2.5" (Ornament)
Pewter Metal
Sentiment -
"We know you're with Jesus, in Heaven above, so we ask for His blessing, and send you our love."
Card sentiment -
"If only we could have one more Christmas with you, we'd surely thank Jesus in all that we do. But we're glad you're with Him, in heave above, so we ask for His blessing and send you our love. We miss you!"THE new math being practiced by school executives could slam taxpayers with a $2.4 million bill from the plush Brooklyn Marriott.
The Department of Education has signed a three-year, no-bid deal that requires it to pay $15,000 a day to hold conferences and teacher fairs in the hotel’s grand ballroom.
And that doesn’t include food or equipment.
Coffee and a bagel will set taxpayers back $22.80. A box lunch goes for $36. The price of a kosher meal is an astonishing $60.
Schools officials expect to convene up to 2,500 people a year for meetings at the hotel at a cost of $790,200 – or $316 a head.
Comptroller Bill Thompson said he was “stunned” by the figures and has refused to register the contract.
“It makes no sense,” Thompson told The Post.
“It’s a three-year contract, and considering the amount, this is something you would expect would be competitively bid. The fact that they went ahead [without bids] absolutely stunned us.”
In their submission to Thompson, school officials claimed they had to rush into a deal with the hotel because “a lapse in service would be disruptive.”
But although the contract runs from Feb. 1, 2004, to Jan. 31, 2007, officials took their time submitting the paperwork to Thompson – it didn’t get to his office until Sept. 28.
“You’re talking about conference facilities and space,” Thompson said. “How would going to competitive bidding be disruptive? It’s just a Department of Education that doesn’t operate with the same sense of responsibility other city agencies do.”
This isn’t the first time Thompson has raised red flags about school spending at the Marriott.
In November 2002, the Division of English Language Learners and Parent Outreach paid $16 for breakfast and $26 for lunch for each of 300 people.
The next month, the same group met again. This time the bill came to $16 a person in the morning and $44 a head at lunch.
Margie Feinberg, a schools spokeswoman, noted that the Marriott deal is a “requirements contract” that locks in a price without further obligating the city.
“This is a continuation of an old, old contract. We are not obligated to spend the entire amount,” she said. “Some of our events are extremely large. We need space for hundreds of people.”
But based on Thompson’s objections, Feinberg said school officials are now “reviewing the matter.”
It’s unlikely they’ll proceed without Thompson’s sign-off, since he’s the one who writes the checks.This week a man named Robert Bruss passed away. I never knew him personally but when I saw his obituary on Thursday morning I felt a real jolt of sadness. Who was this man you may ask? He was a syndicated columnist who wrote a column that was carried by the Washington Post for years called the "Real Estate Mailbag".
I know very little about Real Estate but when I started searching for my very first home about 5 years ago I started paying attention to his column. He was sort of the "Dear Abby of Real Estate". People would write him with very specific questions about home buying and he'd basically teach fundamentals. He wrote very plainly and knowledgeably and I must admit that I looked forward to reading his column long after I bought my house.
You see, there is some part of my character or personality that really, really admires excellence. When I was a kid even though I didn't really like certain sports or performances, whenever I had the chance to see someone do anything--act, sing, write, serve a volleyball, walk on a balance beam--if they were really excellent I was always thrilled and enchanted. That may be part of the reason that the people I love most in my life (such as my best friends and most certainly my wife) are really excellent at what they do. I'm just awed by people who make what would be for me, difficult things, look so easy I guess
There are a lot of people out there like Robert Bruss. And I hope that I can do a better job in my life of giving credit where credit is due before it's too late. Rest in Peace Mr. Bruss. You helped me and a lot of other people figure out what seemed unfigureoutable. Thanks. -MonicaOther denominations in South Carolina
- A.M.E. (1)
- African Methodist Episcopal Church (493)
- AME (15)
- AMENZ (47)
- American_Baptist (6)
- Anglican (5)
- Anglican Church (50)
- AOG (3)
- Apostolic Church (1)
- Assemblies of God (123)
- Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church (65)
- Baptist (422)
- Baptist/Free Will Baptist (1)
- Bible Methodist (1)
- Calvary Chapel (17)
- Catholic (7)
- CE (4)
- Christian and Missionary Alliance (9)
- Christian Church (24)
- Christian Fellowship (15)
- Christian Fellowship Ministries (2)
- Christian Methodist Episcopal Church (29)
- Christian Science (12)
- Church of Christ (88)
- Church of God (265)
- Church of God in Christ (1)
- Church of God of Prophecy (118)
- Church of God/Cleveland (1)
- Church of Our Lord Jesus Christ of Apostolic Faith (24)
- Church of the Brethren (1)
- Church of the Nazarene (76)
- Churches of Christ (1)
- CMA (1)
- CME (12)
- COC (2)
- COG-ANN (4)
- COG-TENN (18)
- COGIC (39)
- Communion of Reformed Evangelical Churches (2)
- Community Church (33)
- Community of Christ (3)
- Congregational (1)
- Coptic Orthodox Church (4)
- CRC (1)
- Disciples of Christ (41)
- DOC (3)
- ELCA (4)
- Episcopal (11)
- Episcopal Church (97)
- Evangelical Covenant Church (1)
- Evangelical Covenant Order of the Presbyterians (16)
- Evangelical Free Church (3)
- Evangelical Lutheran (159)
- Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (1)
- Evangelical Presbyterian Church (19)
- First Baptist (1)
- Foursquare Church (5)
- Free Methodist Church (2)
- FS (2)
- FWB (6)
- Gospel Hall Assemblies (1)
- Grace Brethren (2)
- Grace Communion International (2)
- ICCC (1)
- ID (17)
- IFCA International (4)
- Independent (1)
- Interdenominational (1)
- Kenneth Hagin Ministries (19)
- Lutheran (1)
- Lutheran Church (28)
- Lutheran Church in America (1)
- Methodist (18)
- Missionary Church (9)
- Nazarene (6)
- New Apostolic Church (2)
- New Church (4)
- New Life (1)
- Non-denominational (65)
- Non-Denominational / Independent (3)
- Not declared (370)
- Orthodox (4)
- Orthodox Church (21)
- Orthodox Church in America (28)
- Orthodox Presbyterian Church (1)
- Other (64)
- Pentecostal (91)
- Presbyterian (126)
- Presbyterian Church (411)
- Roman Catholic (137)
- SBC (30)
- Seventh Day Adventist (1)
- Seventh-day Adventist Church (83)
- Southern Baptist Convention (1)
- The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (51)
- Unitarian (1)
- Unitarian Universalist (10)
- United Church (3)
- United Church of Christ (4)
- United Methodist Church (1015)
- United Pentecostal Church International (49)
- Unity (7)
- Vineyard (1)
- Vineyard USA (7)
- Wesleyan (4)
- Wesleyan Church (50)
- Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (1)
- Word of Faith (1)The Rural Entrepreneur is actually a combination of three shows (all in the one place) – Farm Business Innovation, Country House Business Innovation and Holiday Park & Resort Innovation.
The show is aimed at a variety of people primarily in the rural sector
looking to bring in more money, either from their land or property and much more besides.
The Artisan Food Trail sits nicely into this area which is the reason that the show organisers asked us to team up with them and become a media partner.
Not only will there be over 300 suppliers exhibiting but also over 150 free seminars all with your business in mind. Our very own co-founder Graham Childs will be talking on the first day and you can find out more in our article here.
Who should visit The Artisan Food Trail stand?The Artisan Food Trail promotes and champions small and artisan food and drink producers throughout the United Kingdom. We create awareness of your brand and your produce.
By supporting your businesses with a number of member benefits we can help make running your business easier and more cost effective.
You…
- have a small artisan food or drink business or are thinking of starting one (you could become a member)
- are looking for a branding and design service
- need a website
- need help with social media
- need professional photography (food, product and reportage are our speciality)
- have a farm shop and are looking for suppliers to complement your own products
- own a restaurant, café etc. and are looking for suppliers of top quality products with provenance
- run (or thinking of opening) a cookery school (you could also be a member and benefit from promotion as well as help with equipment)
As you can see, we offer a wide range of services and you don’t need to be a member of The Artisan Food Trail to take advantage of them.
Even if you don’t see exactly the thing that fits your description above, you can still come and talk to us. We’ve found out ourselves, that you never know who you’re going to meet at these types of events and often a conversation can lead to positive results.
Visit us on stand 282 to find out how we can help you
The show is completely FREE to attend and all you need to do is register for
your ticket.
Visit the website for the show you are interested in where you’ll find a link
to register.One of two convicted killers who escaped from an upstate New York maximum-security prison was killed Friday by law enforcement officers near the Canadian border, according to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Richard Matt was killed, Cuomo said. David Sweat's whereabouts are unknown.
“We have no reason to believe that Mr. Sweat was not with Mr. Matt at that time [of the shooting], but we don't have any confirming evidence that he was, either,” the governor said. “There are several leads that are being tracked down as we speak.”
Matt was killed in a wooded area in the town of Malone, about 40 miles west of Dannemora, where the prison is located, according to officials. Both towns are near the Canadian border.
New York State Police Supt. Joseph D'Amico said Matt was "shot dead" by a tactical team from U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
"We recovered a 20-gauge shotgun from Matt's body at the location," D'Amico said.
Matt did not shoot at police during the encounter, authorities said.
"They verbally challenged him, told him to put up his hands. And at that time, he was shot when he didn't comply," D'Amico said.
Matt was tracked down after a motorist reported about 1:51 p.m. that someone shot at their camper near Route 30, according to authorities.
A cabin in the area of the shooting was searched and police found evidence that a gun had been fired inside and someone had recently left, D'Amico said. While searching the nearby woods, authorities heard coughs, which is when they encountered and killed Matt, D'Amico said.
Authorities continue to search the area for Sweat, D'Amico said.
"We have no actual sighting of Sweat by law enforcement, but we have no indication that Sweat wasn’t accompanying Matt at the time that he was shot and killed, so we’re going to maintain the perimeter that we have,” D'Amico said.
Both men had been on the run since they were found missing from the Clinton Correctional Facility on June 6.
Authorities have followed up on more than 2,400 leads, D'Amico said.
Matt and Sweat used power tools to saw through a steel cell wall and several steel steam pipes. They made a hole through a 2-foot-thick brick wall and squirmed through pipes.
Sweat was serving a sentence of life without parole for killing a sheriff's deputy in Broome County in 2002. Matt was serving 25 years to life for killing and dismembering his former boss.
The search for the escaped inmates sparked a search that extended to the Mexican border and involved hundreds of law enforcement officials, including local police and FBI agents.
The news follows a flurry of possible sightings by reported residents in rural areas of New York, both near the prison and hundreds of miles away near the Pennsylvania border.
A strong lead came this week, when someone reported a burglary at a cabin about 20 miles from the prison. New York State Police seized items from the cabin to test for DNA and said evidence indicated the men "may have spent time" in the cabin.
Matt, 48, and Sweat, 35, tricked correctional officers at the prison by making dummies and stuffing them into their beds the night they fled. They were discovered missing at a 5:30 a.m. bed check on June 6.
Officials have said the men used power tools to cut through metal and brick walls and pipes, and then made their way via underground pipes to a manhole a few hundred feet from the prison walls. They emerged from the manhole and fled.
A civilian prison employee, Joyce Mitchell, was arrested June 12 and charged with a felony and a misdemeanor on allegations of smuggling hacksaw blades, chisels, a hole punch and a screwdriver bit into the prison to help the men escape. Mitchell has pleaded not guilty.
A second arrest was made Wednesday evening. Prison guard Gene Palmer faces charges including promoting prison contraband and tampering with physical evidence.
A $100,000 reward had been offered for information leading to the escapees' arrest.
Matt and Sweat defied the odds in remaining at large so long, according to prison escape data compiled by the New York Department of Corrections and Community Supervision. Between 2002 and 2012, of the 29 inmates who escaped from New York state prisons, all were caught within three days.
Serrano reported from Washington and Parker from Los Angeles. Times staff writers Tina Susman, Matt Pearce, Christine Mai-Duc, James Queally contributed to this report.
Follow Ryan Parker on Twitter, Facebook and InstagramGreetings!
Might someone be able to tell me how to properly fill the electric motor's cooling system? I've replaced the sensor and connector based on the following thread, however I'd like to make sure I get the system filled back up properly. I don't see a bleeder for the system, and I really want to make sure I get it filled properly.
Anyone?
Thanks in advance,
Stan
Here’s a little earlier Easter treat from 1984’s Seventeen magazine.
We have made these lil’ darlings a few times, and they are easier than they look.
Advertisements
[…] if you are in the Easter baking mood, check out our darling bread birdies post and the very prim supper […]
I was 13 when this came out. I still have and occasionally use this recipe to this day. Although I didn’t have this picture – I have it copied in a book of mine. Thank you for posting.
So glad to help you down memory lane! They are pretty darn cute, aren’t they?Remember:
NICE robot panel!25 May 2010
3 at the Roundtable:
- Northwest Florida Regional Transit Roundtable Quiz Show (presented by Rob Gregg, CUTR)
- FDOT Central Office Transit and Environmental Projects
- Ride-on Program (a.k.a West Florida Commuter Assistance Program)
- Social Media: Transit Marketing in the Modern Age (presented by BowStern)
- Digital Recorders (DRI) Voice Announcement Systems
- Zonar Fleet Telematic Solution
The presentations are available in PDF Format.
[top]In re Trust of Shire
In re Trust of Shire
S-17-0263 In re Trust of Jennie Shire, deceased. Shirley Gronin, beneficiary, (Appellant) v. Unknown/Undiscovered Heirs, Wells Fargo Bank, successor trustee, and Robert Banner et al.
Lancaster County, Judge Holly J. Parsley
Attorneys: Daniel E. Klaus (Rembolt Ludtke LLP) — Chris Blomenberg (McHenry, Haszard, Roth, Hupp, Burkholder & Blomenberg, PC, LLO) (for appellee Unknown/Undiscovered Heirs), John C. Hurd & Krista M. Carlson (Wolfe, Snowden, Hurd, Luers & Ahl, LLP) (for appellee Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Successor Trustee), and J.L. Spray (Mattson Ricketts Law Firm) (for appellees Robert Banner et al.)
Probate: Trust Proceeding
Proceedings Below: The court denied the trustee’s motion to modify the monthly payment to Shirley Gronin.
Issue: Appellant assigns that the county court erred in (1) concluding that modification of the trust to provide increased disbursements was not appropriate pursuant to § 30-3837(b) or (e) or under the doctrine of deviation, (2) concluding that Gronin’s current living circumstances were not unanticipated by the decedent, and (3) concluding that the purpose of the trust did not include providing a reasonable income to Gronin.Pest Control and Disinfection in Bulgaria
Sofia, Belite brezi Nbh., 10 Doyran Str., ent. A
Disinfecting and exterminating services by a licensed Pest Control DDD Expert Bulgaria Ltd. Implement systems for pest control. Professional and comprehensive exterminate cockroaches, rodents, fleas and more. We have offices throughout the country.
Phone number: 02 9730638; 088 5051705
Sofia, Lyulin-8 ul. 3004, bl.14, zad BILA
Surgery, internal medicine, ultrasound, clinical laboratory, complete blood count and biochemistry. Trim, placing chips rapid tests to prove infectious and parasitic diseases, foods, drugs, vaccines, hospital.
Ruse, Nezavisimost 2, kabinet 20
Phone number: 042276957; 0887748893
Stara Zagora, -
Phone number: 0888223828
Sofia, ul. Hristo Belchev 21 fl. 2
Higia-O.C. Ltd is licensed by RIPCPH to execute disinfection and pest control.
Phone number: 0899710831; 070042242
Sofia, 2-4 Orehova gora str.
Carry out treatment against all types of pests-cockroaches, fleas, wasps, snakes, rats, mice and others. Visit at convenient time for you apartments, houses, offices. Preparation of subscription programs for pubs, restaurants etc. Guarantees and nice
Sofia, A ent., 10 Doiran str., Belite brezi nbh.
DDD Expert Bulgaria Ltd. is a licensed Pest Control Operator. Processing under contract. Implement systems for pest control. Professional and comprehensive exterminate cockroaches, rodents, fleas and more. We have offices throughout the country.
Phone number: 0878785992
Varna, ul. Podvis bl. 31 ent. G
SANITA VARNA is an expert in pest control with highly qualified personal. The company uses quick and long lasting broad-spectrum agents. We offer individual approach to each case, subscription contracts, consultations, Pest control programs.
Sofia, A ent., 18 bl., Zona B-5 nbh.Regular price: $21.67
....
The "Mega Diva" and legendary star of Black-ish looks back on her memorable journey to fame and the unforgettable life lessons she learned along the way....
A sweeping collection of new and selected essays on the Obama era by the National Book Award-winning author of Between the World and Me....
Jezebel's sexual lasciviousness, Mammy's devotion, and Sapphire's outspoken anger-these are among the most persistent stereotypes that black women encounter in contemporary American life.....
In the era of colorblindness, it is no longer socially permissible to use race, explicitly, as a justification for discrimination, exclusion, and social contempt.....
In this groundbreaking history of the modern American metropolis, Richard Rothstein explodes the myth that America's cities came to be racially divided through de facto segregation........
Ta-Nehisi Coates offers a powerful new framework for understanding our nation's history and current crisis....
Charlamagne Tha God - the self-proclaimed "Prince of Pissing People Off", cohost of Power 105.1's The Breakfast Club, and "hip-hop's Howard Stern" - shares his unlikely success story....
In this moving collection of thought-provoking essays infused with her unique wisdom and deep humor, Union tells personal and true stories about power, color, gender, feminism, and fame....
An engaging look at black life that offers insightful commentary on the intricate history of the African American people....
Academy Award nominee and Golden Globe winner Taraji P. Henson reads her inspiring and funny book about family, friends, the hustle required to make it from DC to Hollywood.....
9 of 9 people found this review helpful
What did you love best about How to Be Black?
It funny and Honest
What about Baratunde Thurston’s performance did you like?
How he used humor to tell a real story.
Was this a book you wanted to listen to all in one sitting?
Yes
Any additional comments?
I loved listening to this book because it spoke to parts of my own experience, but also was honest underneath the funny.
Plus, it made me look forward to my 2 hour commute... Magical.
Get your copy today!!! Hurry!!!
8 of 8 people found this review helpful.
37 of 41 people found this review helpful
Would you listen to How to Be Black again? Why?.
6 of 6 people found this review helpful
Would you listen to How to Be Black again? Why?.
What did you like best about this story?
The guidebook style format intermingled with anecdotes of the author's life gives a sneak peek into his life and the
Have you listened to any of Baratunde Thurston’s other performances before? How does this one compare?
N/A
If you were to make a film of this book, what would be the tag line be?
If you don't watch this film, your're a racist.
12 of 14 people found this review helpful?
12 of 14 people found this review helpful
What made the experience of listening to How to Be Black the most enjoyable?
Baratunde is smart, thought provoking, and yet mixes his keen insight with humor.
What was one of the most memorable moments of How to Be Black?.
What does Baratunde Thurston bring to the story that you wouldn???t experience if you just read the book?
Intellect, Wit, and a clear voice that can guide Black people both young and old. Also a great read if you are not Black but want to be relevant in today's society.
Was this a book you wanted to listen to all in one sitting?
If possible I would have said yes. However, this is a book that I later purchased for my iPad Kindle app after listening to the audio. It is really that good.
Any additional comments?
Buy this book so that at least you can act like you know.
3 of 3 people found this review helpful
What made the experience of listening to How to Be Black the most enjoyable?
Having the novel read by its author with his charismatic personality and comedic timing made for a very amusing stand-up routine type performance.
What did you like best about this story?.
Which character – as performed by Baratunde Thurston – was your favorite?
Baratunde Thurston
If you were to make a film of this book, what would be the tag line be?
How to be Black: Satire to End Racism
7 of 8 people found this review helpful
What did you love best about How to Be Black?
I'm a white guy, and even I enjoyed this book. It is a comical take on black culture in America.
What about Baratunde Thurston’s performance did you like?
What's not to like?
2 of 2 people found this review helpful.
5 of 6 people found this review helpful.
What did you like most about How to Be Black?
It's easy for a book about being black to turn into a big pity party. The subject of racism is very emotive, a lot of horrible things have happened and still to. This book allows us to examine something of celebrating black culture without emotional baggage.
What was one of the most memorable moments of How to Be Black?
All of it, its great throughout - I loved the Negro spiritual, I love the tale of the "controversy" of his name, the black employee, the black friend, the angry negro - so funny.
What about Baratunde Thurston’s performance did you like?
Baratunde is a great performer, his delivery in the audio version of this book is awesome. He'll have you in stitches. This is better than the print version because he is such an entertaining reader.
Was this a book you wanted to listen to all in one sitting?
I was able to listen to this book in one sitting during the weekend. Once I started, I couldn't stop listening.
1 of 2 people found this review helpfulHey all, My son and I are Black Label Society fans (him more so than I) so when I saw that they were coming to Toronto I made sure to get tickets as soon as they went on sale. Toronto is a 4 hr drive from where we live in Quebec. Well we got to the concert a little early, which as it turns out was a good choice, as we found out that the concert was all general admission (our tix had seat numbers??) much to our surprise. My son is only 11 yrs old and the thought of him in a mosh pit with BLS fans was a little scarey for both of us! As it turned out we managed to get right up front of the crowd and in the front row...although a little off of stage right. This ended up being an amazing spot as Zakk's guitar tech was right in front of us. The line up of all of Zakks Gibsons was almost within reach, as were the performers (his bassist was within spitting distance of us). It was really cool to see all the guitars Zakk takes on tour with him and talk to him...he even gave both of us a couple of Zakks picks. The band that opened was DOPE which I was not familiar with but had a great stage presence....I wasn't fond of their lyrics though....good at what they do all the same. During DOPE's performance the crowd was roudy but the moshing was pretty much non-existant. Once BLS came on though it was amped up 1000%. I had to fight the crowd back the entire time so that my son wasn't crushed by the pack (again I thought I had seats and not general admin). It was intense! Below is a bunch of pics from the show... not the best quality due to the environment Zakks' Guitars Guitar tech tuning Zakks' axes Double neck SG.. more pics coming..v.3.12 rev.1main page
Log In with:
Figures »
Rubber Mascot Buddy Colle BORUTO -NARUTO THE MOVIE- Seichou shita Ore-tachi Dattebayo Hen: Naruto & Boruto
Features:
6 Packs/Box
Assorted according to maker's rate from 6 types.
Illustration: Yupon (Nitro+)
6 Packs/Box
Assorted according to maker's rate from 6 types.
Illustration: Yupon (Nitro+) (C)劇場版BORUTO製作委員会 2015.
Only registered users can post comments.
Please log in with your username and password or with the help of other services:
You can also create new account by filling out the form.~ Liam ~
'Why do you call him The Big Guy? Is he massively obese or something?”
“Hardly. Liam gets up at the crack of dawn every day to go for a swim and a workout, so he’s very athletic and fit..'
He is hot, I will take him :)
Get in line, Mary :)Best Kali Linux Books
Best Kali linux book You Must Read to be a Hacker
K
>>IMAGE..
- And Much More!
Though no computer can be completely “Hacker Proof” knowing how an attacker works will help put you on the right track of better securing your network!
Mastering Kali Linux for Advanced Penetration Testing
.
A practical guide to testing your network’s security with Kali Linux – the preferred choice of penetration testers and hackers
About This Book
- Conduct realistic and effective security tests on your network
- Demonstrate how key data systems are stealthily exploited, and learn how to identify attacks against your own systems
- Use hands-on techniques to take advantage of Kali Linux, the open source framework of security tools
Who This Book Is For.
What.
Kali Linux: Wireless Penetration Testing Beginner’s Guide
Book Description
About the Authors
Vivek Ramachandran has been working in Wireless, and exploitation techniques.
Cameron Buchanan is an experienced penetration tester, having worked in a huge range of industries. He is also the author of Packt’s Kali Linux CTF Blueprints.
Web Penetration Testing with Kali Linux
.
If you are already working as a network penetration tester and want to expand your knowledge of web application hacking, then this book tailored for you. Those who are interested in learning more about the Kali Sana tools that are used to test web applications will find this book a thoroughly useful and interesting guide.
In Detail.
Style and approach
This step-by-step guide covers each topic with detailed practical examples. Every concept is explained with the help of illustrations using the tools available in Kali Linux 2.0. 2
With.
Hacking with Kali: Practical Penetration Testing Techniques 1st Edition
Hacking with Kali introduces you the most current distribution of the de facto standard tool for Linux pen testing. Starting with use of the Kali live CD and progressing through installation on hard drives, thumb drives and SD cards, author James Broad walks you through creating a custom version of the Kali live distribution. You’ll learn how to configure networking components, storage devices and system services such as DHCP and web services.
Once you’re familiar with the basic components of the software, you’ll learn how to use Kali through the phases of the penetration testing lifecycle; one major tool from each phase is explained. The book culminates with a chapter on reporting that will provide examples of documents used prior to, during and after the pen test.
This guide will benefit information security professionals of all levels, hackers, systems administrators, network administrators, and beginning and intermediate professional pen testers, as well as students majoring in information security.
- Provides detailed explanations of the complete penetration testing lifecycle
- Complete linkage of the Kali information, resources and distribution downloads
- Hands-on exercises reinforce topics
Security Professionals
I’m myself very fond of InfoSec professionalism, sometimes people refer it as an expert level.
Kali Linux: Assuring Security By Penetration Testing
Master the art of penetration testing with Kali Linux
About This Book
- Learn penetration testing techniques with an in-depth coverage of Kali Linux distribution
- Explore the insights and importance of testing your corporate network systems before the hackers strike
- Understand the practical spectrum of security tools by their exemplary usage, configuration, and benefits
For Who Is This Book
If you are an IT security professional who has a basic knowledge of Unix/Linux operating systems, including an awareness of information security factors, and want to use Kali Linux for penetration testing, this book is for you.
What Will You Learn
-, logically divided into subcategories of testing methodology
- Practice the processes of reconnaissance, discovery, enumeration, vulnerability mapping, social engineering, exploitation, privilege escalation, and maintaining access to target for evaluation purposes
- Document, report, and present your verified test results to the relevant authorities in a formal reporting structure.
Kali Linux Network Scanning Cookbook
Over
Who This Book Is For
...
theme, background, color, colors, attache, including, press75, image, options, border, content, through, whatever, Blogs, Portfolios, throw, customize, right, aspect, virtually:Google has won a legal battle with Oracle over the use of Java software in Google’s Android operating system.
Oracle, which owns Java, argued that Google had infringed its copyright and had sought almost $9bn (£6.1bn) in damages.
The long-running legal battle has been closely watched as Java is widely used, and Android runs 80% of the world’s mobile devices.
Oracle says it will appeal to the US Supreme Court.
“We strongly believe that Google developed Android by illegally copying core Java technology to rush into the mobile device market,” said Oracle lawyer Dorian Daley.
“Oracle brought this lawsuit to put a stop to Google’s illegal behaviour. We believe there are numerous grounds for appeal and we plan to bring this case back to the federal circuit on appeal.”
Fair use
Google, and its parent company Alphabet, argued that they should be able to use Java for free under the “fair use” clause.
Fair use under US copyright law allows some access to material without the permission of the rights holder.
The jury at the US District Court in San Francisco unanimously upheld that argument.
In a statement Google described today’s verdict as “a win for the Android ecosystem, for the Java programming community, and for software developers who rely on open and free programming languages to build innovative consumer products.”
‘Irreversible’ damage
Oracle had argued the success of Android was in danger of “destroying” interest in Java.
The “widespread dominance” that Android had achieved in the mobile phone market had done “irreversible” damage to Java’s potential market, said Oracle.
That success was based on Google using 37 Java packages without permission, it argued.
The case had previously been to trial in 2012, but that ended in a deadlocked jury.You love to dance and want to share your love and knowledge with others. You may also live in an area that has a dearth of dance class options and you want to provide a few more, both for your own edification and for others around you. Starting your own classes is not too hard, especially if you have access to a dance studio or community center.
Contact dance studios and teachers in your area and let them know of your plans to start teaching a few classes, especially if you are going to teach in a small town. Networking with others in the field is a great way to build your client base and to get support when you need it. You want to make it clear that you will not be competing with them but will potentially be offering different class options for students than are currently available. Consider establishing a referral system with them. For instance, if you teach hip-hop and other teachers offer ballet or jazz, offer to refer students seeking those dance styles to them, provided they refer to you their students who want to learn hip-hop.
Find a location for the classes. You may be able to convince an already existing dance studio to let you teach there, especially if your class fills a need, such as ballet at a studio that currently offers only jazz and modern. Some studios also rent out space for independent classes. Other places to consider include a local gym, community college that offers enrichment classes or a recreation center.
Advertise your classes. You need students before you can teach. If you are teaching at a studio, make sure your class is listed in its brochure. If you teach at a community center or gym, hang flyers around the lobby and make sure your class is on the calendar. You may also want to place an ad in the local newspaper or on an online classified website. Word of mouth is also an effective way to advertise, so if you have taught classes previously, let former students know of your new one.
Offer an incentive for people to try the dance class. For instance, let students take a trial class for free. The free class may be especially beneficial for parents who are nervous about signing their child up for a dance class she may not enjoy. You can also offer class cards, where if a student attends 10 classes, she gets the 11th one for free.First of all thanks for any help. (edit this is for a 2011 FFH)
Background, last november i hit something metal on the freeway. it broke my a/c condensor and radiator. it sat there until 2days ago when i got everything buttoned up and working. i moved it 1 time last month only to get it out of the way didnt notice if the headlights worked or not. (but the lights worked fine the day of the accident so i imagine it happend sometime during disassembly or reassembly) the bumper was damaged and the wire to the side marker was cut when i yanked the bumper off so that i could drive it off the road (more safely)
Now the problem. My lo beams not working. same for the driving lights and tail lights. The brake lights work (when brakes applied) and so do the turn signals and hazards as well. when i turn the switch on nothing happens. the fog lights work fine and so do the hi beams. I get the click noise when i turn on the fog lights but nothing when i try to turn on the headlights or driving lights. ive checked the #7 and #8 fuses and they seem fine. i cant see any relay listed on the fuse diagram in the manual i downloaded from ford. I am at a loss please help me find the problem what could be the issue. i did jump start the battery 2 times but other than that i dont know what to check.
Edited by htcrwn148, 25 March 2017 - 02:47 PM.To Whom This May Concern, I'm using python for mac and am noticing some inconsistency with regard to the color highlighting for certain keywords such as "def" and "input". Upon opening the IDLE the first edit window will always color highlight. If I open another editor window the text is always black and I can't see the highlighting. I'm currently taking Computer Programming at Chapman University and would like to thank you guys for creating this academic language, it's really quite fun to work with. If you have any suggestions towards my problem please let me know. Thanks, Alex KirkwoodGrant Broacasters – Sales Management Portal Custom Software / Online Sales Management Application Key Functionality: Scheduling and Calendars Graphing and Forecasting Multiple roles and traceability Custom SQL Level Integration Quick Specs: Client: Grant Broadcasters Industry: Broadcasting and Media Project Size: 600 hrs + Project Length: 4 Months The Brief: Development of an online portal for tracking sales highly customised to the requirements of the firm. The client required an activity driven sales tool that focused on revenue allocation over forward planning as well as monthly action results to indicate forecasting on sales staff performance. The system also had to integrate with geographically disparate sql systems with nightly syncing of critical sales information through webservices. Though the client changed their scope quite a few times during this project C9 was able to adapt and fulfil the client requirements. Tags: Custom Application Development Later Project Bonney Group - Meeting manager Prior Project The Hollow Log Country RetreatFei & Ray
May 10, 2014 · Sugar Hill, GA
About The Wedding
Fei and Ray live in Connecticut, but since both of their families are in Atlanta, they wanted to come home for their wedding. They fell in love with the simple beauty of Ashton Gardens - Fei liked all the windows and the view of the trees from the ballroom. She was hoping for a modern, open, bright venue, and the look was perfect. We had planned First Look photos in a nearby park, and as the girls got ready, we were all a little nervous since it was raining on and off. However, by the time we got to the park, the rain had cleared and we had beautiful light for all the photos. This was a fun-loving group, and the boys especially had a great time laughing and cutting up as we walked through the park. It was a fabulous fun time with their friends - just what the wedding day should be! We then traveled to Ashton Gardens for a simple ceremony in the on-site chapel (Fei processed to A Thousand Years, her favorite song). Afterward, the guests made their way over to the ballroom, which was light-filled and enhanced by gorgeous pink flowers (which matched the bridesmaids' fuschia dresses). Guests enjoyed a buffet dinner and then oh my goodness - the entire group hit the dance floor and didn't slow down the whole night! A highlight of the evening was a surprise dance performance, choreographed and performed by the bridesmaids. By the time it was time to leave, the rain had returned and unfortunately the planned sparkler departure fizzled, but Fei and Ray just laughed and headed off to their honeymoon without a care.
My Favorite Detail
Fei and Ray had engagement photos taken in China, a cultural tradition for her family. Her relatives brought a large scroll with one of the photos printed on it. We hung this over a table that held family photos from several generations on both Fei and Ray's sides. Fei also had a slideshow DVD playing with all of the engagement photos for guests to see.
My Favorite Moment
As I mentioned above, this crowd loved to dance! At one point a couple of the younger boys were showing off their break dancing moves (they were awesome, I might add!), and next thing we knew, Ray's dad was in the circle trying it out as well! What makes this even better is that this was the family's first American-style wedding. I love it when the family embraces new traditions and really gets into the spirit of the event!
Venue
Ceremony and Reception Ashton Gardens
Services
Officiant Pastor Thomas Wang
Photographer Melissa Prosser Photography
Videographer Kavi Vu
Caterer Ashton Gardens
Baker Eileen Carter Creations
Florist Abby's Floral Design
Hair and Makeup Veronica Sitterding
DJ Fred Tian (DJ Flash)
Host Hotel Hyatt Place Duluth Johns Creek
Photo Booth Fun Face Photo Booth
"One of the best things I did was to hire Daria as my coordinator! She helped me through the whole wedding planning process by giving me advice and suggestions. She was always very helpful and sweet. One of the reasons why I hired Daria was because of her experience and her wedding packages were very clearly stated, unlike some other wedding planning vendors. I knew exactly what she offered and what to expect. I didn't have to worry about anything on the day of my wedding because I knew Daria had everything under control. All I did was just enjoy my day and have fun! She also had anything and everything you could possibly need on your wedding day - bandaids, scissors, double sided tape, towel, even a cigar cutter! She is truly amazing! My parents, guests, bridal party and vendors were all really impressed with her. I would highly recommend her to everyone =D THANK YOU SO MUCH Daria! Ray and I really had the best day of our lives and we couldn't have done it without you!!" ~ Fei (bride)
Please click here to read more comments about Circle of Love Weddings.
Photos
Click here to see a slideshow of the photos shown below and more.
Photos courtesy of Melissa Prosser Photography
Words similar to otto
Example sentences for: otto
How can you use “otto” in a sentence? Here are some example sentences to help you improve your vocabulary:
Boleslaw later repelled invasions from Otto’s successor and then sought Poland’s own expansion eastward; he eventually annexed parts of present-day Ukraine.
In the shadow of the cathedral is the tiny Mikrí Mitrópolis (Little Cathedral), officially named Panayía Gorgoepíkos and sometimes known as Ayios Elefthérios or “freedom church,” the name given after King Otto left the Greek throne.
But in turn the pope had to kneel in allegiance, and this exchange of spiritual blessing for military protection laid the seeds of future conflict between the papacy and secular rulers, compounded in 962 when Otto I was crowned Emperor of the newly formed Holy Roman Empire.
Dale Rublee, Heinz-Otto Keinecke, and Sigrid Knaub are employees of Aventis Behring, the latter also owning Aventis stock options.
Theoretically sovereign, the new state was an artificial creation — the result of pressure from other European powers — and the 17-year-old Bavarian Prince Otto was installed as king.The setup:
The Tony Award-winning international hit Art, by acclaimed playwright Yasmina Reza, gets yet another successful Houston production at Texas Repertory Theatre, as the long-established friendship of three adult males is threatened when one buys a large, expensive and almost entirely white painting.
The execution:
The proscenium setting of Texas Rep is ideal for this play, as the entire audience gets to see all the interactions among the three characters. The set is simple and tasteful, and the actors are talented and professional, playing dramatically different personalities, yet each feeding a need in each other. This play is a template, close to a brilliant coloring book, with the individual actors, and the director, selecting the colors to bring it to vivid life.
Serge is the owner of the expensive painting, and Rob de los Reyes plays him with humor and captivating charm, though the painting in the production is so white, and the few lines of texture so subtle, that it's hard to share his enthusiasm for his purchase, except as a stab at upward cultural mobility. This role is often overshadowed by the role of the more authoritative Marc, but this is not the case here, as the stage presence and relaxed poise of de los Reyes make him a pleasure to watch. Tom Long plays Marc, quasi-mentor to Serge, and in this production Marc seems at war with the world, and with himself. He is angry a lot, and when he's accused of having lost his sense of humor, the accusation rings true. The anger makes him less plausible as a mentor, from whom one would expect urbanity, and permits less variety in the character, leaving little room for relaxed charm.
The third friend, Yvan, is more open and less sophisticated. His role includes a long comic monologue about complications arising from dueling stepmothers who want their names on his wedding invitation. Joshua Estrada handles the monologue, and the role, wonderfully, and gives an authentic, sensitive performance. It's hard to see how it could be played better. Julia Traber directed, and she keeps the pace brisk but not breakneck, giving us time to digest the wit and savor the high drama as the friends cross the boundaries of civility and turn into gladiators in an arena.
There is a hidden message in Art, as unobtrusive as the almost-all-white painting -- this playwright is subtlety itself, amusing herself as she chronicles the foibles of humanity. It may be that mankind is not noble, merely a snowflake in the furnace of eternity, and that our vanity and pettiness are all we have and should thus be celebrated. Or, as Peggy Lee phrased it, "If that's all there is, my friends, then let's keep dancing."
If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.
SHOW ME HOW
Newsletters
SUCCESS!
You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in!
This sterling comedy is a chameleon -- I've been in the audience at four productions, and each is dramatically different. By all means, see this acclaimed, award-winning comedy if you haven't already, and if you have, then relish, as I do, the prospect of seeing it again.
The verdict:
Sophisticated dialogue and polite strivings among three male friends evolve into truth-telling and fierce battles, brought to exciting life by talented actors and director, and generating memorable hilarity.
Art continues through May 27 at Texas Repertory Theatre, 14243 Stuebner Airline Rd. For information or ticketing, call 281-583-7573 or visit the company Web site.
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!MainStoriesMy Life in Special Olympics(1) Listen "My Life in Special Olympics" Angela Kay Cook | Jan 03, 2018 | North America: Texas Special Olympics always been a special part of my life and it was a blessing.At the age of 12 I was introduce to Special Olympics while my stepdad was station in Fort Sam Houston, Texas. I loved it, I got to play my favorite sport which was basketball. After my stepdad got out of the Army, the two schools (junior high and my first high school) I went to did not have Special Olympics team so I didn't get to play any sports because of my epilepsy which I missed, I was really sad. But fate had other ideas, when we moved back to my hometown of Waco, Texas for my junior and senior years of high school, Connally High School had a Special Olympic team already in place and I was more than welcome to join...which I did.Played basketball and did Athletics than I later became a coach my senior year for Athletic from 1997 to 2001 (I gradated High School in 1998).Sadly because of my mother got sick, I quit coaching in 2001..but I will never forget it, it made me who I am today. About Me:Born in Waco, Texas in 1979, after a car crash at the age of six month I been struggling with epilepsy every since in one way or another. My biggest fan, my mother Sandra Price-Burkhart died in 2011. Now I'm living in Waco with my baby sister Danielle and work as an cashier for the past 10 years at Brookshire's in Robinson, Texas. I love to read, write stories and poems, hanging out with my family and friends when I had time, also I love studying History. I'm a former Athlete and Coach for Connally High School in Waco, TexApplying the old welfare reform model to Medicaid threatens to undermine the battle against opioid abuse disorder.
Can we increase healthcare access without increasing healthcare spending?
Mandated community integration reduces options and neglects the diversity of needs for those on the autism spectrum.
The 'single payer' label distracts from the ultimate goal of universal access.
A small step toward a much better world.
Republican attempts to reform the U.S. healthcare system have fallen short, yet again. But the GOP can still win on health care.
The latest version of the Better Care Reconciliation Act takes new steps toward universal access, but it is not yet bold enough.
Originally ran in Vox.REGULATION
States working to link regional cap-and-trade programs
States on both coasts of the United States are discussing the possibility of merging two regional climate initiatives to create a sprawling program restricting greenhouse gas emissions that will affect several economic sectors, one-third of the country and most of Canada.
The move could impose emission limits on sources like cars, businesses and residential heating fuel in 17 states, including along vast stretches of both heavily populated coastlines, and in four of Canada's seven provinces.
Such a merger would widely expand the scope of the nation's only cap-and-trade program, launched this month in 10 Eastern states, limiting carbon dioxide emissions from 233 power plants. It also underscores the urgency with which some states are acting to address climate change, even as President Barack Obama settles into the White House after promising to impose federal carbon restrictions.
Professional staff members from states participating in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI), the East Coast program stretching from Maine to Maryland, are meeting with their counterparts at the more aggressive Western Climate Initiative to lay the groundwork for blending the two programs, according to participants.
The plans are in the preliminary stages, though participants believe the programs could coalesce by 2012, when the Western initiative is scheduled to launch. That would mean the Eastern program, whose acronym is commonly pronounced "Reggie," would likely finish its first phase of auctioning pollution permits over three years before vastly expanding its scope beyond power plants.
"Most states are very supportive of taking the next step," said Peter Iwanowicz, director of the Climate Change Office in New York state, which has taken a lead role in the effort to combine the two programs. "All the agency heads have always had that in mind."
Ian Bowles, secretary of energy and environmental affairs in Massachusetts, said in an interview: "We would like to develop a clear partnership with the Western Climate Initiative, as well as the Midwestern initiative," a proposal to cap emissions in six central states and the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Tempering Western ambitions with Eastern experience
Advertisement
In preparation for a merger, the Eastern initiative is ramping up its reach to match the aggressive policies outlined in the Western and Midwestern programs, both of which propose economywide limits on carbon output. The program is developing a low-carbon fuel standard, helping it mesh with a key element of the Western initiative that limits emissions from cars, trucks, heating fuel and chemical processes.
And Western officials, meanwhile, are learning the mechanics of auctioning allowances, or pollution permits, from East Coast specialists in sessions informally named "RGGI schools." The program is the first cap-and-trade initiative in the world with a policy of auctioning off nearly all of its permits, rather than giving some away.
During its first auctions in September and December, the program sold nearly 50 million allowances. Each permit allows polluters to emit 1 ton of carbon dioxide, while the revenue is used for energy efficiency initiatives.
But the discussions of a merger are occurring as environmentalists celebrate a transformation in the White House -- and the promise of a national cap-and-trade system. Some see the state activity as a creative way for the states to develop their regulatory programs. Others argue that the state activity is an effective tool for some environmental groups to prod more national corporations -- which don't want to see differing market rules -- to support a unified federal system that pre-empts the states.
"With the very real hope that there will be a federal system, are the states going to put a bunch of work into that [merger] when a better thing would be a federal system?" asked Ned Raynolds, the Northeast climate policy coordinator for the Union of Concerned Scientists.
He noted that a coast-to-coast program mandated by Congress could be in place by the time the merger occurs.
There are other challenges, too. In the East, there's a functioning futures market that could be disturbed by the expansion, which some believe could lower the price of carbon allowances. The connection could also be made more difficult by the different starting point and scope of each program, critics and supporters say.
A move that can be taken without Obama
The idea of marrying the two programs seems to soothe those currently in the bull's-eye of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. New England power plants would no longer singly shoulder the burden of paying for every ton of emitted carbon dioxide.
"Conceptually, I think I like it," said Christopher Sherman, general counsel for the New England Power Generators Association.
Despite Obama's rise in Washington, some states appear dedicated to remaining on the trajectory that has so far set the tone in the United States for action on climate change.
"Not knowing where they're going to go, or how fast either Congress or the Obama administration will move on a cap-and-trade program, the states will continue to be the incubator of these type of programs," said Iwanowicz of New York.
So the states may be pursuing the partnership between the two programs as an insurance policy against federal failure. But there's still strong hope that Washington will move fast under Obama's banner.
Bowles, of Massachusetts, acknowledged that it is "less important" now than it was before Obama's election to converge the two programs.
"We all believe that a strong federal policy is the fundamental goal of what we're doing," he said. "Because we don't believe that even half of the states can solve the greenhouse gas problem without the entire country."
If federal aspirations fall victim to a suffering economy or Senate filibusters, however, the convergence of the regional programs would draw a remarkable new map.
In the East, every coastal state north of Virginia would link with vast stretches of Canada, reaching as far west as North Dakota through the provinces of Quebec, Ontario and Manitoba.
In the West, an arc of regulated states would sweep north from Arizona and New Mexico through California, Utah, Oregon, Washington and Montana. It would continue to the southern border of Alaska through the province of British Columbia.
"Without a doubt, I think an ideal scenario would be that they all eventually merge," said Jim Whitestone, a director at the Ontario Ministry of the Environment.
AdvertisementThe American mainline news organizations have been the main source of legitimizing, covering, and hiding the greatest threat to America and to Americanism: American Islamist. The American media has been hiding and covering for terrorist Muslims, which is an exceeding large majority of young Muslims in this Country.
The mainline news organizations are afraid of political correctness and therefore turn their eyes and ears away when Muslim terrorism happens, even to one of their own.
This is the case of the Oakland, California newspaper editor, Chauncey Bailey, who was gunned down my Muslim terrorist on the street. There is no question of who did it or why. It was certified home grown Muslims and he was gunned down broad daylight for investigating the terrorist activity of these Muslims. He leaves behind a wife and two children.
This is very reminiscent, almost a repeat, of the assassination of the Dutch filmmaker for daring to make a documentary critical of Islam, although it was accurate.
Assassination of newspaper reporters is rare in the United States. It is crossing a line that make America by definition uncivilized, a third-world banana republic. Nonetheless, the news organizations of America would not report the story.
It was finally broken an made public by newspapers in England. Nonetheless it was still ignored until conservative talk shows and bloggers came out and told America the truth. The truth that this was a Muslim terrorist attack that assassinated a newspaper reporter.
The first timid reports in the American press began to appear; but, they would not mention that the assassination was by Muslim terrorists. It would seem like an unrelated death, even possibly a day-to-day murder that happens in Oakland. No this one was different. It was the day to day killing by Muslim terrorist that happen all the time all over the world.
Finally the Chicago Tribune newspaper wrote about the story in today's paper. A front page story, a story about the gunning down of an American newspaper man for the story he was investigating. An event so rare and in the interest of the newspaper people because it was one of their own. But it was Muslim terrorism so all civilized norms go out the window. The Chicago Tribune took over three weeks to report the story that was readily available in England two weeks ago. The newsroom staff of the Chicago Tribune should be ashamed of themselves; but they were finally embarrassed and shamed enough by the conservative press and radio to print the following story:
Chicago Tribune story on Oakland newspaper editor gunned down by Muslims
Remember it has been over thirty years since a black newspaper reporter has been killed investigating a story, this is rare. We all should be scared, worried, and on watch for all Muslim activities. They need to prove their legitimacy and their willingness to live in a civilized society; it is not the duty of the rest of us to "presume" their tolerance until proved otherwise.
That is how the courts work and will work for the Muslim assassin; it is not how a civilized society works.Head of Lower School Michael Simpson talks about the learning that takes place in Greenhill classrooms during the first week of school.
What a wonderful beginning we have had! In the first three days of school, I estimate I received 300 high fives, 150 hugs, and a million smiles. Our first assembly was August 29, and it was great to have whole Lower School together, singing and welcoming our new community members.
Your child may have described his or her first day something like this: Sit around learning rules. Teachers do spend much of the first week setting up classroom rules, identifying materials, defining expectations, and showing the students the structure of their year.
But there is something else going on too. Visiting the classrooms those first few days, I saw another kind of structure-building going on. I listened to classes discussing the characteristics of leadership with their teacher—very thoughtful conversations. I joined a group of math problem solvers and we went from table to table trying to discern reasons why other students had grouped geometric shapes. I dropped in on a science class kicking off the year by reflecting on and discussing the question, “What is Science?”
Just as they are taking time to help their students learn their new surroundings, different routines, and new expectations, the teachers are taking the time so set up conceptual frameworks through which the students will inquire, learn & apply new skills, and develop comprehension and understanding. All of it is connected within what we call curricular “essential questions.” This broader perspective gives greater meaning and context to the skills our students learn and the thinking they are engaged in. As we progress through the year, the teachers get to watch the light bulbs go on as connections are made and comprehension deepens as everything comes together.
So, we welcome back our students with joy as we have once again begun working on the foundations of learning that are the focus of Lower School.I remember being around 5 years old and my dad packing us all up in our station wagon and heading up to the local mountains in California. We had this big olive green canvas tent that looked like something out of M*A*S*H. We slept on the ground or on old army cots with wooden legs and trying to figure out how to unfold them was something akin to solving a Rubik's Cube. We ran around at night with the army flashlights that looked like a periscope. I remember my dad filling the Coleman stove with white gas and pumping the plunger a bunch of times before you could light it up. As a kid, these were fun times but you don't really think about how special those times were, you just took them for granted.
The sounds of a breeze through the trees or a babbling creek, this is the call of nature, the call of the wild. It's about letting go of the now and getting close to nature, going on hikes, riding bikes through a campground, going swimming in a lake or just sitting around a crackling fire. Our soul has a desire, a need to mend itself. Nature, in all its beauty can be the perfect medicine.
Well, it's time to stop making excuses and get out and relive some of those childhood memories. Don't let the routine of life drag you down so that you can't get back up. Get out, get energized. It's time to mend your soul.
What are your fondest camping memories from your childhood? Please share in the comments below.
Hope to see you round the campground,
Jay T.
Some images used in this post provided under Creative Commons LicenseWe talked about political polarization several times this schedule. I thought you might like to know about the latest, grim findings. The respected think tank just released the findings of its latest major survey of Americans’ political beliefs. It’s here and well worth a skimming. It divides Americans into nine groups, from “staunch conservatives” to “solid liberals.” There’s also a quiz you can take to see which group you fall into.
A major finding that relates to our red versus blue discussions, however, is explained here at the LA Times:
A comprehensive new survey of the American electorate by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center, however,.
So, the middle isn’t holding. Even independents are being sucked into the ideology vortex, mirroring the rest of the electorate. The upshot, in the LA Time’s view, is that:
For generations, historians and political analysts have identified a predilection for pragmatic problem-solving over ideology as the defining — and distinctive — characteristic of American political life. Clearly, that’s a thing of the past, and with it, the impulse to bipartisanship.
Ouch.I had to hard reset. I reloaded GMM but DID NOT use the GMM backup feature. However, on my SD card there is a blank folder called "Goodlink Backup". What is this for?
I also noticed that GMM assigned "Good Email" to my Option+Send button, "Good Calendar" to my Option+Start button and "Good Contacts" to my Option+OK button. Why would they do this?
Treo 750 - ATT branded
Version: TREO750-2.25-ATT
WM6 Prof.Gale In Context Videos – Stephen’s Lighthouse. Gale’s newly relaunched Resource Centers as Gale In Context.We’ve been using these products with good response. The thesis driven model is just what high school students need rehearsal in. Come on teachers, get your school librarians and districts to acquire some of these strong databases. The
Global Issues and Biography In Context is particularly bold resources that fit many curricula. – Al Smith KSS Library
Advertisements. Anyway, I might add mine: the nature of modules as executed code is a compromise. That is, a module isn't a declaration, it's a program to be executed in its own namespace. When you import a module, you are executing the module then looking at the namespace.. Not that I don't like the fun tricks Python lets you do. Prototype-like programming (as in Self) is very accessible in Python, and classes are only a suggestion not a dominant concept. So, it's a compromise. There are lots and lots of compromises in Python -- every aspect has pluses and minuses to it. Personally I like whitespace sensitivity well enough, but in the larger sense I think it probably was the wrong choice -- but that's based on how I weigh various benefits and problems, and other people will validly weigh them differently. IanWashington | US President Barack Obama has congratulated his Burmese counterpart Htin Kyaw and foreign minister Aung San Suu Kyi and assured America’s support to the new civilian government which he termed as a historic step forward, the White House said.
The President welcomed the historic step forward of a democratic transfer of power to a civilian-led government that reflects the will of the people, the White House said yesterday.
During a telephonic conversation, Obama underscored the commitment of the United States to support the people and government of Burma as they work to achieve a more inclusive, peaceful, and prosperous future, a statement said.
Obama also extended his best wishes to President Htin Kyaw and the people of Burma ahead of the upcoming Water Festival and New Year celebrations.
Obama spoke to his fellow noble laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, the new foreign minister of Burma.Freedom Scientific podcast features RJS and Wakeby Rob - June 30th, 2009.
Filed under: Interviews, Wake.
Freedom Scientific makes JAWS, the screen-reading software that Caitlin Decter uses in my novel Wake. JAWS is the world’s most popular screen-reading program for the blind.
A quite lengthy and detailed interview between Robert J. Sawyer and Jonathan Mosen, Freedom Scientific’s Vice-President of Blindness Hardware Product Management, begins a couple of minutes into the podcast (but the preamble is fascinating, full of interesting stuff about products for the blind).
The interview deals with how I researched blindness, my own experience with blindness, the reaction to Wake from the blind community, plus my residency at the Canadian Light Source, machine consciousness, the role of science fiction, and a bunch of other cool topics.
The MP3 of the podcast is here, and the Podcast XML link is here.
I’ve done a lot of audio interviews related to Wake, but this one is a particularly in-depth and interesting one, I must say. Incidentally, the interview was recorded via Skype with me in Saskatoon, and Jonathan in New Zealand.
From Jonathan’s introductory comments:.
Visit The Robert J. Sawyer Web Site and WakeWatchWonder.comPlus size apparel deb shops. Shop debs for plus size apparel at less costly expenses along with dresses, tops, bottoms, denim, accessories and lots of more. Deb shops /category/plusclothes/denim. Plus length dresses at belk free shipping on orders over $49. Keep new 2016 dresses. Deb clothes melbourne victoria deb attire online. Deb dresses melbourne. Our showroom in melbourne victoria stores round thirty deb clothes. You are welcome to go to our showroom and attempt the dresses. Goal plus length apparel. Shop for plus size clothing at target. Find distinct and specific styles with ava & viv. Free delivery on orders $25+. Bridesmaid attire, bridesmaid attire australia online. Browse the jeca bridesmaid dress and gown collection. View all of our stunning styles and enjoy easy looking for bridesmaid attire on-line australia. Short sleeve crinkle dress plus length maxi clothes. Save for quick sleeve crinkle dress and more plus size maxi clothes from girl inside. Consolation, healthy & price for sizes 12w to 44w.
Plus size dresses at belk free shipping on orders over $49. Shop new 2016 dresses.
Plus Size Clothes White
Debutante dress jadore dresses online australia. Purchase debutante attire melbourne, deb dresses melbourne, jadore deb attire at #1 australian deb attire save! Fast shipping! Plus size summer time get dressed ebay. Find splendid offers on ebay for plus length summer time dress plus size maxi get dressed. Save with self belief. Plus length wedding ceremony attire, plus length bridal gowns melbourne. Plus length wedding attire length 1632 in keep to strive on, with melbourne's maximum substantial range of big wedding attire and plus length bridal accessories. Plus length attire deb photo consequences. Extra plus length dresses deb pix. Top 10 plus size attire. Huge variety of plus length dresses. Top brands, competitive costs. Stretch cotton skort plus length skirts female within. Store for stretch cotton skort and extra plus length skirts from lady within. Consolation, match & fee for sizes 12w to 44w. Brief sleeve crinkle get dressed plus length maxi. Shop for quick sleeve crinkle dress and more plus length maxi attire from female inside. Comfort, suit & fee for sizes 12w to 44w.
Plus Size Attire Denver
cheap plus size swimsuits and dresses! Fats lady. I’ve now purchased 2 clothes and one (very special) very reasonably-priced plus length swimsuit from them and i am splendid thrilled with all of my purchases. Plus sized attire. Get plus sized attire information. Your seek & social outcomes now. Plus length halter tops state-of-the-art plus size garments. Plus size halter tops are not as effortlessly found right now as plus length halter swimsuits and clothes. While the swimsuits and attire are in larger deliver, there's a. Plus length clothing deb shops. Save debs for plus size apparel at less expensive charges consisting of attire, tops, bottoms, denim, add-ons and lots of more. Deb stores. Plus size clothing deb stores. Save debs for plus length garb at cheap fees including dresses, tops, bottoms, denim, add-ons and lots of more. Deb shops /class/plusclothes/denim. Reasonably-priced plus size swimsuits and dresses! Fats lady waft. I’ve now purchased 2 dresses and one (very special) very cheap plus size swimsuit from them and i'm fantastic thrilled with all of my purchases.
Plus Length Dresses Kingston Ontario
Plus Size Dresses Mother Of The Bride
Black N White Plus Size Attire
Plus Size Clothes Juniors
goal plus length garb. Keep for plus length apparel at goal. Locate specific and unique styles with ava & viv. Free transport on orders $25+. Plus size summer dress ebay. Discover tremendous offers on ebay for plus size summer time dress plus size maxi get dressed. Shop with confidence. Summer season style at kmart®. Save on summer season style & greater. Shop online for less & store nowadays! Plus size wedding ceremony attire jeca bridal. Plus size wedding ceremony attire. Available from size sixteen to length 32, or get it custom made without cost. Check out greater attire if you can't discover the one. Be your confident self.
Plus size wedding clothes jeca bridal. Plus size wedding ceremony clothes. To be had from size 16 to length 32, or get it custom made at no cost. Check out greater dresses if you can not find the one. Be your assured self. Plus sized attire. Get plus sized attire data. Your seek & social consequences now. Afatfox ~ plus length modcloth haul & strive on! Youtube. · haul begins at 500, try on starts at 2110. *note modcloth is in no manner sponsoring me for this, i simply love them and figured i'd show off some stuff i'd. Deb dresses on line custom made deb dresses. Australia's biggest series of deb clothes. Shop 300 lovely designs. Charge variety $a hundred to $four hundred. Custom sizing. Deliver in 20 operating days. Knit capris plus size capris and shorts roamans. Save for knit capris and greater plus length capris and shorts from roamans. Your style your length 12w to 44w. Macy's to shut 14 shops and deb shops is officially. Macy’s to close 14 shops and deb stores is formally going out of business. Macy’s has announced that it will close 14 stores as a part of a restructuring move to. Plus size promenade attire ebay. Find remarkable deals on ebay for plus size prom clothes plus length formal attire. Keep with self belief. Summer fashion at kmart®. Keep on summer style & greater. Store online for much less & keep today!
Plus size prom clothes ebay. Locate extremely good deals on ebay for plus size prom dresses plus size formal dresses. Keep with confidence. Cheap plus size garb shops fatgirlflow. Find reasonably-priced plus length garb from this list of stores. Be part of me every week for more stylish plus size apparel shops! Deb dresses melbourne victoria deb attire. Deb dresses melbourne. Our showroom in melbourne victoria shops round thirty deb clothes. You are welcome to go to our showroom and strive the attire. Plus length wedding dresses, plus size bridal robes. Plus size wedding ceremony clothes length 1632 in store to attempt on, with melbourne's most huge range of massive wedding dresses and plus size bridal add-ons. Deb dresses on-line custom made deb attire. Australia's biggest series of deb clothes. Store three hundred lovely designs. Fee variety $one hundred to $400. Custom sizing. Deliver in 20 operating days. Plus size attire at belk unfastened transport on orders over $49. Shop new 2016 attire.Photo: Rob Simmons
Indiana’s perfect season continues, and only the two-time defending national champions stand between them and an invincible season.
A 1-0 shutout of North Carolina on Saturday night in Chester earned them a trip to Sunday’s College Cup final. Left back Andrew Gutman scored the game-winning goal on a Trevor Swartz corner in the 50th minute. The real story, though, was the continued excellence of Indiana’s defense.
The boys from Bloomington recorded an absurd 18th clean sheet, limiting the second-best scoring offense to eight shots, only two of which were on frame. Center back Grant Lillard was named a MAC Hermann finalist earlier in the day and showed why that was deserved. He once again led a defense operating at a historic level.
The Hoosiers had to have been fueled by a raucous fan base making the trip to Talen Energy Stadium. If Akron’s fans were loud in the first semifinal, Indiana’s were deafening. The 200 or so supporters sounded closer to 2,000.
If you’re a fan of defense and tepid attacking, the first half was for you.
The first shot on goal didn’t come until the 36th minute when Indiana midfielder Cory Thomas’ harmless bouncing attempt was scooped up North Carolina goalkeeper James Pyle. Overall, the two sides combined for just five shots, only two of which were on target.
That second shot on goal, however, was the first breathtaking moment of the match, coming seconds before the halftime whistle. Indiana worked the ball in the UNC half before a wonderful pass ran into the path of an onrushing Swartz. The Indiana midfielder unleashed an absolute rocket with plenty of movement from 20 yards out with his first touch. As the ball sliced away from Pyle, the goalkeeper left his feet, making an equally incredible save on the wonderful shot.
The second half opened up considerably, thanks in large part to an early score.
Indiana got the decisive goal from a corner kick in the 50th minute. Swartz delivered the cross from the right corner flag, and his service drifted a few inches over the outstretched arm of a helpless Pyle. Waiting unmarked at the back post was Gutman. The best fullback in the nation and second team All-American tapped in the goal from close range for his 7th goal of the season.
The Tar Heels responded with their first shot on goal coming minutes after the opener. First team All-American Cam Lindley, the Chicago Fire academy product, fired a hard shot from the top box after a mazy run. To his disappointment, the attempt was straight at star freshman goalkeeper Trey Muse.
It wouldn’t be North Carolina’s last chance of the contest.
As UNC poked and prodded the Indiana defense, maintaining possession in the final third, the ball found itself at the feet MAC Hermann semifinalist senior forward Alan Winn in the 72nd minute. With his back to the Indiana goal, Winn made a deft turn from just inside the box and unleashed a low shot that appeared destined for the bottom right corner. Muse objected to this train of thought. He read the shot through congestion in front, got low down, and preserved the shutout.
Despite the defensive efforts of the Hoosiers, North Carolina came a few feet from leveling the match in the final minute. Tar Heels No. 10 Zach Wright found down the right side of the box and centered a pass from the touchline. Midfielder Lucas del Rosario made an excellent run and latched on to the ball, but his first-touch poke was just wide. Moments later, North Carolina’s season ended with the referee’s final whistle.
Indiana’s victory sets up a dream matchup with Stanford. The Hoosiers are on the brink of the first undefeated season since 1989. The Cardinal are one game away from becoming only the second team to win three consecutive championships.
Be sure to catch the College Cup final this Sunday at 1pm.
Unbeaten, not perfect.
Indiana’s regular-season ties against Maryland, Butler, Michigan, Michigan State kept them from entering the tournament with the No. 1 national ranking.
Great coverage Nick. Awesome recaps from both semifinals.Milligan, Tenn. -- A cruel thing happened on what looked to be the first victory in the coaching tenure of Megan Dzikas as her Patriots took the court for the second game of the season at Milligan College (Tenn.). St. Catharine (0-2) led by as many as 15 points in the second half and still held a nine point advantage entering the fourth quarter.
But Milligan (2-0) outscored the patriots by 19 points in the final quarter to notch a 77-67 victory. The Patriots managed just four field goals in the fourth quarter as the Buffaloes scored 30 points in that period.
Milligan shot 68 percent in the second half to overcome a cold shooting first half in which they made just 35.5 percent of field goal attempts. Milligan won the rebounding battle 40-28 and scored 40 points in the paint in taking advantage of a height advantage.
Four Patriots scored in double figures led by Miranda Wilson (Corbin, Ky.) who had 17. Patrice Tonge (Lebanon, Ky.) and Cora Moore (Louisville, Ky.) each had 11 points and Kayla Wilson (Corbin, Ky.) added 10. Tonge led the patriots in rebounding with seven caroms.
Milligan took the lead for good at 64-62 with 4:42 remaining and held the Patriots to just one field goal from that point on.
The Patriots will now look for their first win when they host Ave Maria (Fla.) on Friday at 6 p.m. ET in their home opener.Surgeon General's workshop on women's mental health. November 30 - December 1, 2005, Denver, Colorado
Date: 2005
(For resources, this is the publication date. For programs, this is the date posted.)
Information
Type: Report
Publisher: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Summarizes the views and issues addressed at the workshop. Includes: an executive summary; an introduction to the background and purpose of the workshop; the Surgeon General's Women's Mental Health Project; and the state of women's mental health.The New Year Means New Incentives For Renewable Energy Projects
- Zero-interest loans, Cash-Back Rewards and new Federal Tax Credits help homeowners and businesses become more energy independent by using renewable energy -
MADISON, Wis. (January 5, 2006) - Focus on Energy, Wisconsin's energy efficiency and renewable energy initiative, is helping residents and businesses statewide become more energy independent in 2006 and beyond. The Renewable Energy Program is offering Cash-Back Rewards and zero-interest loans to help finance the installation of renewable energy systems.
"As electricity prices continue to rise and as the cost of renewable energy systems goes down, it makes sense for Focus on Energy to help people plan, finance and install renewable energy systems," said Don Wichert, program director for Focus on Energy's Renewable Energy Program. "It's our goal to increase the number of Wisconsin residents and businesses using renewable energy, in turn reducing their utility bills and keeping our air and water clean for future generations."
To increase the number of renewable energy systems at work across the state, the Focus on Energy Renewable Energy Program will share the cost of installing these systems with the following financial incentives.
Homeowners and Businesses Can Combine New Federal Tax Credits and Cash-Back Rewards
Focus on Energy's Renewable Energy Program continues to offer Cash-Back Rewards and Grants to Wisconsin residents and business owners for a variety of renewable energy systems. In addition to these incentives, on January 1, 2006, new federal tax credits were made available, making renewable energy systems more attainable than ever. Wisconsin homeowners can take advantage of the new 30 percent federal tax credit (up to $2,000) between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2007 when they install a qualifying solar domestic hot water or solar electric system. A similar tax credit exists for business owners when they install a qualifying commercial solar hot water or solar electric system, with no maximum credit cap.
Combined with federal tax credits, Wisconsin residents and business owners can receive a Cash-Back Reward up to 25 percent of the cost of a solar electric (photovoltaic) installation, to a maximum of $35,000. Focus on Energy also offers a Cash-Back Reward for solar domestic hot water systems that can cover up to 30 percent of the project's cost to a maximum of $3,000; for commercial solar hot water systems a Cash-Back Reward up to 25 percent of the project's cost is available, to a maximum of $35,000.
For homeowners, the combination of Focus on Energy Cash-Back Rewards and federal tax credit applies only to solar technology; however, Focus on Energy does have additional Cash-Back Rewards available for homeowners who install a wind system. Furthermore, businesses that install a wind, biogas, or biomass renewable energy project may qualify not only for Cash-Back Rewards, but for business-specific tax credits that cover these additional renewable energy technologies with certain restrictions. Consult your tax advisor for more details.
Zero-Interest Loans
Easy to obtain zero-interest loans are available from Focus on Energy to help homeowners finance the installation of solar domestic hot water systems, solar electric systems and wind systems on existing, owner-occupied one- and two-family homes. The application and approval process is fast and easy. Homeowners can borrow from $2,500 to $20,000 through June 30, 2006; however, funds are limited and are available on a first-come first-served basis. No down payment is required, there is no application fee and no points are assessed at closing. Loan terms vary from three to ten years.
Homeowners and Businesses Statewide Are Eligible
Focus on Energy financial incentives are available for individuals and businesses located in areas served by electric utilities participating in the Focus on Energy Program. Homes and facilities that are "off the grid" (not connected to the local electric system) are also eligible, provided they are located within the service territory of a participating utility.
To learn more about Focus on Energy and its Renewable Energy Program, or to find out if you qualify for financial incentives call 800.762.7077 or visit focusonenergy.com.. Focus on Energy provides applications, with full program details, at 800.762.7077 or at focusonenergy!This event seems to be the one kicking off the Earthdream 2012 activities
Roxby Downs gates of hell- South Australia
facebook event
THE LIZARDS REVENGE
DLF – Desert Liberation Front@live.com
The Lizards Revenge
A camp will be set up a week previous to the event for people to gather and get creative and informed about the issues and the land, and build a giant lizard. This camp will be situated north of Roxby either on the Borefield rd or Oonadatta track at the Burnout party site.
From this site we can convoy to Olympic Dam mine.
People coming from the south who don’t have time to go up the Borefield rd could meet and convoy in from Pimba road house on the 13th .
Day one of the Lizards Revenge;
Welcome to country and talk with Uncle Kevin Buzzacott
Reclaim the road party with sacred fire, bands, dj’s, speakers and art installations, Solar sound system for main stage and wheelybin mobile sound system on the loose.
Big feed with Yellow cake tea house, Food not Bombs kitchen and Kangeroo BBQ and Solar cooker
Day 2
Your action/statement against uranium mining.
Big feed with Yellow cake tea house, Food not Bombs kitchen and Kangeroo BBQ and Solar cooker
Sunset Caberate; shows 10min or under, bring your costume box
Bands and Dj’s
Day 3
Group action to be decided at festival
Wind and solar powered cinema night
After day 3 we can collectively decide if we want/can maintain a blockade of the mine
Burnout is happening on the 23rd of July on the Oonadatta track we can regroup there visit Lake Eyre and the mound springs and check out the beautiful land we are trying to protect.One of the biggest complaints that I’ve had with some of these Japanese watches is that you always have to push a button to check the time. Since Tokyoflash started working with more LCD displays, instead of only using LEDs, this problem has been somewhat solved – assuming you can make out the time. Their latest watch, the Kisai Optical Illusion, plays with diagonal lines to make you see the time.
The limited-edition Kisai Optical Illusion is a touchscreen alarm watch, with time, date, alarm, and EL backlighting. You’ll need keen eyes to make out the time, as it’s hidden in diagonally reversed lines among a maze of confusing squiggles.
If that’s too hard on your peepers, you can just press the reveal button and the watch will show the time. It comes with an animation mode as well, which alternates between the puzzling illusion and revealing the time ever 20 seconds.
While it might not look that technologically advanced, the display has one of the most complex LCD screens ever on a watch, with over 1500 tiny LCD segments which need to be addressable by its time circuits. The watch is made out of stainless steel, and it’s available in either black or silver with a natural or green display. For the next two days, you can order the Kisai Optical Illusion watch for $179 (USD). After this, you’ll end up paying $199.
May 11, 2009, 5:30 - 8:00 PM
Room 208 of the McGraw-Hill Building1221 Ave of the Americas(between 48th and 49th St.)New York, NY 10020
Speaker:
Robert Mabro, Founding Director, Oxford Institute for Energy Studies and the Oxford Energy Seminar, Director, International Petroleum Exchange, Emeritus fellow, St. Anthony's College
Program
5:30 - 6:00 p.m. registration and refreshments
6:00 - 7:30 p.m. presentations and discussion
7:30 - 8:00 p.m. reception
Please register via the website: is necessary in order to facilitate building security requirements.Price: 19000 tg. 57 US dollars 3276 rubles / day
Hotel "Terra"
junior suite№: 1633
Information:
We offer You two rooms - living room and bedroom. Cozy atmosphere in the living room, in the bedroom - double bed. The room also has a shower, a bathroom with WC. The necessary equipment - TV, air-conditioning.By Clare Ogilvie
When North Shore Search and Rescue realized they needed avalanche control experts to facilitate a three-day life-saving rescue on Mount Seymour last week they turned to the best: Whistler-Blackcomb avalanche control and Whistler Search and Rescue.
“The Whistler-Blackcomb team, they just rock,” said Don Jardine, a search manager for NSSR.
“They just did a fantastic job, man, just so impressive.
“They dropped in on skis, bombing and blasting the whole way down. They cleared the whole site down to where we had the patient… and basically they stopped there, had a drink of water, shook hands, and they were off back up.
“It was like special-forces had parachuted in.”
The Whistler team, Scott Aitken, Nigel Stewart, Kenn Nickel, Jack Hurtadese, Andrew Haig, and Whistler SAR manager Brad Sills, were called in by the Provincial Emergency Program as it became clear that very bad weather probably meant that 37-year-old Chris Morley would have to be stretchered out over land.
On Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 17, Morley fell nearly 300 metres while snowshoeing on Mount Seymour and was badly injured. By Wednesday night two NSSR men, Tim Jones and Gord Ferguson had hiked into his location, that they got from Morley’s snowshoeing companion Simon Chesterton.
The three spent Wednesday and Thursday night on the mountain as bad weather made a helicopter rescue impossible. Morley’s injuries included a concussion, broken nose, lost teeth, leg fracture, dislocated shoulder, broken wrist, broken rib and multiple cuts and bruises. He also lost his boot during the fall, which just added to his hypothermia. Sills believes without Ferguson and Jones to care for him Morley would likely have died the first night.
By Friday, the Whistler team was on Mount Seymour to prepare the slope for Morley’s stretcher evacuation over land. In order to clear a path for the land transfer the area had to be cleared of any avalanche threat, which was considerable after over 70 cm of fresh snow had fallen on top of an ice crust. Indeed it was ice that caused Morley to slip and fall.
“It was a very, very steep gullied area,” said Sills of the region where the avalanche work had to be done.
“We certainly weren’t under any illusions. It was pretty much near vertical everywhere in that area. So we knew that all 70 cm was going to go. The concern of course was for the subject and the rescuers who were at the bottom. We needed to ensure that we weren’t going to bury them.”
Sills said the team did their snow analysis and as expected it was highly reactive and sliding very easily.
The Whistler group divided into two teams of three and set about their task.
Sills, along with Aitken and Hurtadese, started to stabilize and entrance into the area. When they were on the fifth bomb a ledge gave way under Sills carrying him perilously close to the cliff edge where Morley had fallen, nearly to his death.
“I took a pretty scary ride,” said Sills, who lost his skis in the slide. “I was very fortunate that I stopped where I did or I would have ended up where (Morley did).”
It was a personal reminder of how unstable the area was.
The teams continued on down, without Sills due to his lost skis, and set the final bomb off as a way to identify a stable landing pad for the helicopter that was continually trying to reach Morley, a married father-of-three.
The explosion left a black stain on the white snow offering the pilot a reference point in the near whiteout conditions.
But even as the plan to take Morley out over land continued Friday afternoon the Talon Helicopter pilot, Peter Murray, finally got a break in the weather and managed to fly in and carry the injured snowshoer to safety.
Jones and Ferguson had to hike out.
“This is a really good example because here you have a gentleman who was hiking along a trail in a provincial park,” said Sills. “It is not like he was doing anything wrong. He was doing what the park is intended for, and managed for, and unfortunately as nature would have it something bad happened and he fell almost to his death.
“All of us are out there doing that. People in Whistler are out there doing that and you just realize that you have to be prepared to go out there and help those people because they are not going to make it on their own.”Self-Initiated Placements
Community Service-Learning (CSL) students from Laurier combine academic learning with unpaid service-learning placements in the community. Self-initiated placements by students are intended to allow students who already have work or volunteer positions with organizations to continue those positions, or to allow students to find positions outside Kitchener-Waterloo or Brantford if they are commuting to Laurier or taking an online course and reside in another community.
Student-initiated placements must be approved before the student can begin the placement. Students need to submit their information about their proposed self-initiated placement by the end of the first week of classes using the CSL portal on MyLearningSpace, and then wait for notification of approval. Your application will be reviewed by a CSL coordinator and also sent to the placement supervisor you indicate for their verification and approval.
Criteria for Student-Initiated CSL Placements
In order to be approved, your proposed self-initiated placement must meet the following criteria:
- The placement duties and expectations are clearly defined and are agreed upon by the placement supervisor and the student.
- The role of the student at the placement provides a meaningful service to the community partner and the community partner acknowledges that the service is meaningful to them.
- The placement duties and expectations meet with the learning outcomes of the CSL course(s) (verification of this by the course instructor(s) may be required).
- The placement requires the student to provide approximately 20 hours of unpaid service through the period of the CSL course for which the student is enrolled – approximately 10 weeks from September to December (fall semester), January to April (winter semester), May-August (summer semester).
- The placement requires service throughout the course period as noted above. Service should ideally occur weekly. Schedule should be approved by the CSL coordinator before starting.
- Full contact information (address, phone number, and email) for the placement agency and the supervisor at the placement agency is provided by the student.
- At the beginning of the placement, the student is adequately oriented to the organization (refer to MyLS for the Pre-Placement Safety Orientation Checklist) and trained to the position by an adult staff member and/or a trained adult volunteer, and is supervised by such a person throughout the placement period. The placement is at a verifiable not-for-profit, social profit, educational or government agency/institution e.g. that official correspondence, such as letterhead, can be provided by the agency contact and a site visit can be made by CSL staff.
- Upon invitation from CSL staff, the placement supervisor is willing to create an account with the CSL portal and use it to verify placement attendance throughout the semester.
- The placement is not for a position with an organization that we are already partnered with for that semester, unless this has been approved by a CSL coordinator ahead of time.WASHINGTON -- Small companies that borrowed through the Small Business Administration's Section 503 may soon be able to prepay their loans without the current drastic penalties.
Under pending legislation, all Section 503 borrowers would be allowed to prepay under Section 504's "market-type" prepayment plan - one less dramatically influenced by interest rates.
In a Senate small business committee hearing Tuesday, Chairman Dale Bumpers, D-Ark., had high hopes for the legislation.
"I think we're going to get this bill through very quickly," he said.
The 503 loan program is for small businesses that want to purchase industrial and commercial buildings or equipment.
Borrowers are permitted to prepay the loan only if they pay an amount that can be invested to produce a payment stream that equals the amount of the original debenture.
Strikingly lower interest rates in recent years have meant that prepayment penalties today can be as high as 64% of remaining loan balances.
Penalties under the 504 program - which also finance buildings and equipment - begin at an amount equal to one year's interest if the loan is prepaid within one year of borrowing, followed by a straight line reduction that becomes zero at the midpoint of the 1oan's maturity.
'Looks Egregious'
"Small businesses are penalized a staggering amount for paying a loan that they're current on," said Sen. Bumpers.
When the program began in 1981, he said, "interest rates were through the roof- this was just the thing to do. But now interest rates are lower, and that's why it looks egregious."
The Senate legislation, introduced by Sen. Mark O. Hatfield, R-Ore., would also allow Section 503 borrowers to refinance under Section 504, which would channel more funds from the government sector to private financial markets.
Mr. de Senerpont Domis writes for the Medill News Service.Posted By: SHRM
Federal Legislative Alert
We need your help! Please e-mail your U.S. Representative and ask him or her to VOTE YES on the comp time bill, H.R. 1180.
In February, Representative Martha Roby (R-Ala.), introduced the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017 (H.R. 1180) also known as the “comp time” bill. The proposal will remove a federal restriction on the private-sector and help Americans better address family and work needs. H.R. 1180 would permit – but would NOT require – private-sector employers to offer employees the choice of taking overtime in cash payments as they do currently or in the form of paid time off – or comp time.
The House Subcommittee on Workforce Protections held a legislative hearing on H.R. 1180 on April 5th. SHRM members Leslie Christ, Chief Resource Officer for WellStone Behavioral Health, and Crystal Frey, Vice President of Human Resources for Continental Realty Corporation, testified at the hearing in support of the bill. H.R. 1180 is expected to go before the full House of Representatives for a vote the week of May 1st.
SHRM supports H.R. 1180 and we need your help! Please e-mail your U.S. Representative and ask him or her to vote “YES” for H.R. 1180 when the proposal goes to the House floor. Read SHRM’s position paper on the comp bill.
PLEASE TAKE THIS ACTION
E-mail your Representative’s Washington, DC office using SHRM’s Policy Action Center by following these fast and easy steps:
- Visit SHRM’s Policy Action Center
- Fill out your contact information (be sure to enter your home mailing address since the system will correctly match you to your federal congressional district).
- Personalize the template email language to include your message with your own story.
- Click “submit.”
It is critical that Representatives hear from employers in their congressional districts over the next five days leading into the week of May 1st. That’s why we are asking you – HR professionals, to e-mail your House members and express support for the comp time legislation.
BACKGROUND
The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) of 1938 requires that hours of work by non-exempt employees beyond 40 hours in a seven-day period must be compensated at a rate of 1 1/2. 1180 1/2 hours for each hour of overtime worked. Employees would be able to accrue up to 160 hours of comp time per year, although an employer could choose to “cash out” the comp time after 80 hours after providing the employee with 30 days of notice. An employer would also be required to cash out any unused comp time at year’s end at the regular time and a half rate.
For questions regarding compensatory time and Rep. Roby’s comp time bill, contact Patrick Brady, SHRM’s Senior Government Affairs Advisor, at Patrick.Brady@shrm.org or 703-535-6246.
If you encounter any issues contacting your member of Congress, please contact Meredith Nethercutt, SHRM’s Senior Associate, Member Advocacy and A-Team Program Director, at Meredith.Nethercutt@shrm.org or (703) 535-6417.Viva La Karma!
While domestic terrorists are destroying Mizzou and other college campuses, foreign terrorists are setting the rest of the world ablaze. Radical Islamists launched a series of terrorist attacks in Paris, France that left scores dead. This is the foreign policy terrorism report.
Why do Islamists murder people?
Because they can. Because they feel like it.
“There will be consequences.”
No. There will not.
“ISIS will not get away with this.”
They already have.
The choice is clear.
We can embrace politically correct claptrap about diversity and multiculturalism. Or, we can admit that we cannot all coexist. We can admit that radical Islam is incompatible with civilized society.
We must halt all immigration from Muslim countries until we know who these people are. This is not xenophobia. It is survival.
The politically correct approach to foreign policy has completely collapsed in failure. Terrorist acts will keep happening until the world returns to leaders willing to use hard military power. Anything short of overwhelming military force is surrender. The Neocons are right. Their critics are wrong.
France is done. Europe is finished. It is not too late to save America.
Every Islamist attack is another reminder that American college protesters have nothing to say. Nothing they want matters.
Radical Islam is a life and death struggle between civilization and barbarism. Everything else from climate change to elitist social causes is complete and total nonsense. Time and resources are finite. Every moment spent focusing on drivel is a victory for Radical Islam.
On November 30, the world’s imbeciles meet in France to discuss climate change.
That’s right. While Islamists murder people across the globe, overprivileged leftist elitists will be navel gazing about the least important issue in our lives.
This is not a policy conference. It is a taxpayer funded vacation. The real world is on fire now while faculty lounge children worry about what might happen long after their insignificant bodies leave this earth. Their minds left long ago.
It is time to engage in climate change shaming. If you still believe this climate change summit matters, and that Paris needs this right now, then you do not give a damn about people.
World leaders must make themselves useful for the first time since 2009. It is time to wage all out war on Islamists with as much military force as possible.
After the terrorists are defeated and major economies are fixed, then and only then can leftists have their silly little Paris junkets where they navel gaze, do nothing, and vow to conquer something no normal person cares about.
To truly defeat ISIS, put President Obama, John Kerry and Hillary Clinton in charge of it. ISIS would promptly apologize and disengage
France harasses Jews and coddles Islamists. What could possibly go wrong?
Hollywood and global leftists are in tears. The ISIS attack on France broke six wine bottles and may have damaged a Brie cheese factory.
Maybe if ISIS beheaded a few climate change activists, liberals would learn what matters. No, they would remain imbeciles with no grasp on reality.
Can’t somebody think climate change is the greatest world threat without being an imbecile?
No.
All Syrian refugees in USA should be put in San Francisco, Mizzou dorms, or the White House with their kindred spirits.
The same liberals saying the USA should not be the world’s policeman want us to be the world’s homeless shelter. Let Muslim nations house their Syrian brothers.
Give me your tired, your poor, your terrorist masses yearning to break the free.
Syrian refugees are citing the Geneva Convention as they beg not to be relocated to Chicago’s South Side.
President Obama knows Syrian refugees jeopardize American security. He needs more Democrat voters for 2016. His entire existence puts politics over policy. So what if innocent Americans die? He’ll blame others. As Hillary Clinton says, What difference at this point does it make?
Of course we don’t want Middle Eastern refugees. The last time we let one in he became President.
No, not really. The selfie-taking Pajamaboy metrosexual Vulcan in the White House is not foreign born. He was born in New York in an IBM laboratory. He is a computer. That is why he lacks human emotion and empathy.
President Obama is like a student trying to convince the teacher that he actually did read the book. The teacher says he is in the wrong class on the wrong day. Obama keeps talking in the hopes everyone else will think they are all in the wrong class on the wrong day and that he is right to be there.
Forget the emperor having no clothes. Obama is naked in winter trying to convince the world it’s Summer in South Florida and his are not short, shriveled, and a little to the far left.
Now Obama thinks he is Billy Crystal. Forget Paris. In two weeks other men will be buttering his buns (croissants) as France basks in the glow of climate change.
The Paris Climate Change Conference is redundant. We already have the Special Olympics.
At least participants in the Special Olympics can learn stuff and process information.
To perpetually outraged liberal activists and their fake umbrage, let me apologize for the comparison. Comparing special needs individuals to climate change activists is wrong and unfair. Special needs individuals have value.
Now Syria is rejecting refugee applications from Baltimore, Washington, DC, and Detroit. Bashar Assad is telling telling the liberal leaders of those cities to stop trying to export their worst and just fix their own messes.
All Syrian refugees in America must live in white liberal areas. This is a serious chance to test a policy
Liberals and conservatives have a fundamental disagreement about how to improve the world. This is not a claim that liberals are unpatriotic, or that they want to destroy America. Their policy prescriptions are just bad. Liberal lawmakers who pass laws never live under those laws. Wealthy white liberals are exempt from the laws they inflict on the rest of us.
Gun control? Rich white liberals have private security. Obamacare? Rich white liberals can afford it. Illegal immigration? Rich white liberals do not have to worry about how it drives down wages. Crime? Again, rich white liberals have private security.
So if liberals want Syrian refugees in their areas to show their tolerance and compassion, and conservatives do not, then give everyone what they want. It is high time that both sides are given a fair chance to see the results of their policies.
If liberals are right, so be it. There is a first time for everything. It is not like this is a life and death issue like climate change or uncaring words on a college campus.
This was the Foreign Policy Terror Report. At this very moment Islamists are preparing to blow up every corner of the world as leftists worry about America’s failure to increase diversity and multicultural.Mind Games Pro v2.1.6 Cracked APK
Mind Games Pro v2.1.6 Cracked apk for Android.. The Training Center selects games for you to play in order to maximize your progress and enjoyment.
Mind Games Pro is intended to be challenging entertainment and cannot be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or condition. No research has yet been conducted to determine if this app has cognitive benefits.
Mind Games Pro is also! Multiple issues fixed in this update and app space requirements reduced. Enjoy!
Download [Google Play]
Mind Games Pro v2.1.6 Cracked APK | Mirror 1 | Mirror 2
This entry passed through the Full-Text RSS service – if this is your content and you’re reading it on someone else’s site, please read the FAQ at fivefilters.org/content-only/faq.php#publishers.Contact Information About AISIK NEWMAN, Maryland
AISIK NEWMAN has an office in Amherst, Massachusetts and provides counseling and/or therapy for their clientele. AISIK NEWMAN is listed as a Maryland, but may provide additional support.
For detailed questions about AISIK NEWMAN’s therapy practice, you should contact their Amherst offices at 4132532708.
AISIK NEWMAN is local to the 01002-3449 area.
AISIK NEWMAN Reviews, Feedback, & Complaints
The Fix definitely wants its readers to submit authentic AISIK NEWMAN reviews, if you had a real-life experience as their client, or know a person who has. If you’ve gone to AISIK NEWMANIKIK.New Yorkers got yet another reminder Wednesday of how police officers keep them safe — at repeated risks to their own lives: Two cops apprehended the hammer-wielding maniac who’d randomly attacked four people in Midtown over 48 hours.
Spotting a man who fit the suspect’s description, Officers Lauren O’Rourke and Geraldo Casaigne started following him.
Suddenly, he turned around and struck O’Rourke twice, once in the back of her neck, with the infamous hammer. Casaigne fired four shots, bringing down the suspect — possibly saving his partner’s life.
This in a week when the NYPD is scrambling to address a crime spike in Central Park and an even more troubling rise in shootings across the city — and Mayor Bill de Blasio is off on a nationwide tour to bask in the admiration of his fellow progressives.
Which is why New Yorkers support the cops a lot more than they do the mayor. In this week’s Quinnipiac poll, his approval sank to 44 percent; the NYPD’s stands at 56 percent.
And backing for the police grows when people look at what’s actually happening on the streets. Do you approve of how cops in your neighborhood are doing their job? By 69 percent to 26 percent, the public says yes.
The approval stretches across racial, political and age lines.
The poll also shows firm backing (57 percent to 38 percent) for continued police targeting of low-level quality-of-life offenses — especially in their own neighborhoods. Again, that support includes black and Hispanic voters.
New Yorkers understand that Broken Windows policing is — as one of its creators, George Kelling, noted in these pages Wednesday — a proven strategy still worth pursuing, and the reverse of the “mass incarceration” approach the critics complain of.
The City Council should wake up and drop its efforts to undermine the NYPD.There is a private football powerhouse in Florida that is loaded with talent and moving into the Top 50 of the RivalsHigh 100.
The team is from Ft. Lauderdale, has double-digit seniors who could sign with FBS-level schools and has been showcased on national television.
It is not Ft. Lauderdale St. Thomas Aquinas - which coincidentally will be dropped out of the national rankings this week - but rather Ft. Lauderdale University School, which will go from No. 52 to No. 43 in the poll.
The Suns are moving up to the No. 4 position in the state of Florida and into the Top 50 nationally following their 47-20 victory over Hollywood (Fla.) Chaminade-Madonna.
The victory this week was sparked by three-star receiver Dionte Taylor, who had 162 yards receiving and three scores.
Taylor is joined in the receiving group by four-star Jordan Cunningham and two-star Massachusetts commit D.J. Woods, but he said that much of the success he found this week was due to his offensive line.
"It is a tribute to the core up front," he said. "Most of my yards came off screen passes they did really well with blocking."
The line also opened plenty of holes for class of 2015 standout running back Jordan Scarlett.
Scarlett was able to find his way to the end zone twice as he carried the ball for 131 yards on 15 attempts. It was his second score of the game that broke open a close 27-20 contest.
"I stumbled out in the beginning and I need to work on that," Scarlett said. "We faced adversity and had to pick it up."
The victory was good enough to move the team to the top spot in Class 3A and ahead of Delray Beach (Fla.) American Heritage, which had been ranked one spot ahead of University School entering the weekend.
The two schools are expected to meet in the playoffs and it could be a game with Top 25 implications.
MINIMAL MOVEMENT: For the first time in the six years of the RivalsHigh 100 there was no movement in the Top 25 and a record-low three teams leaving the national poll.
There were nine teams inside the Top 10 in action and the cumulative margin of victory was 483-33.
The highest-ranked team that lost this week was previous No. 47 Auburn (Ala.) High, which was in its first week being ranked and the No. 2 team in Alabama. It lost 46-20 to the previous No. 5 team in the state, Montgomery (Ala.) Carver, on national television. Carver took over the No. 2 spot in Alabama and will be ranked No. 62 this week.
The biggest upward mover of the week was a mere 13-spot gain by new No. 28 Wexford (Pa.) North Allegheny, which gained a 14-3 victory over then-No. 55 Monroeville (Pa.) Gateway. Gateway slid back to No. 61.
The most severe drop that was not a result of a loss was Seffner (Fla.) Armwood, which fell 23 spots from No. 60 to No. 83 following a 20-16 victory over Tampa (Fla.) Sickles. The Hawks' season has been marked by several transfers being declared ineligible and the resulting roster is lacking the normal depth that the program has showcased in recent years.
An Oct. 26 meeting with Tampa Plant could mark the exit from the national rankings for the loser as Plant has slid from a preseason Top 25 team down to No. 76 this week.
THREE TEAMS ENTER RANKINGS: Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei, Montgomery (Ala.) Carver and Cincinnati (Ohio) Elder will enter the rankings this week and all three are coming off solid outings.
Mater Dei rebounded nicely from a difficult 18-17 loss at the hands of No. 15 Harbor City (Calif.) Narbonne with an impressive 42-10 victory over San Juan Capistrano (Calif.) Serra Catholic. The Monarchs nearly entered the rankings off their quality loss last week but the extra week of evaluation proved to be a major springboard opportunity for the program. This week, as the No. 58 team, it will have to earn its place once again with a game against No. 39 Rancho Santa Margarita (Calif.) Santa Margarita.
Carver moved from No. 5 in Alabama to the No. 2 spot in the state and No. 62 in the national poll with an impressive victory over previously-ranked Auburn (Ala.) High. Carver is led by four-star quarterback Jeremy Johnson, who displayed nice touch on his passes and solid footwork in the 46-20 victory on national television.
Elder, the second three-loss team in the poll, moved into the RivalsHigh 100 at No. 90 with a 17-13 victory over then-No. 66 Cincinnati (Ohio) Archbishop Moeller. Elder had been previously defeated by No. 13 Louisville (Ky.) Trinity, No. 49 Cincinnati (Ohio) St. Xavier and No. 53 Lakewood (Ohio) St. Edward. Its next three games are all against quality opponents - Cincinnati (Ohio) Winton Woods, Fort Thomas (Ky.) Highlands, and Cincinnati (Ohio) La Salle - before the playoffs begin.
A SECOND LOOK: For the second time this season, Ft. Lauderdale St. Thomas Aquinas will be exiting the RivalsHigh 100.
The Raiders first dropped following a 20-10 loss to Ramsey (N.J.) Don Bosco but re-entered the rankings only to fall 27-24 in overtime to Miramar (Fla.) High.
St. Thomas Aquinas had a chance to win the game in the first overtime period but its 30-yard field goal attempt was no good. St. Thomas Aquinas was defeated by Don Bosco largely because of its special teams and the problem cost the prestigious program again in this loss.
After connecting on a 37-yard field goal in the second overtime, Aquinas had a chance to secure the victory but allowed a touchdown on a fourth down to seal its fate.
Following the game it looks as though Miramar running back Alex Lee was down about a half yard short of the goal line, but was ruled to be in for the game-winning score.
ON THE SLIDE: This is a broad brush but the slide this week goes to the state of Florida.
With the exception of Bradenton Manatee, which held its spot, and Ft. Lauderdale University School, the rest of the state held steady or took a bit of a dip this week and has continued to underwhelm as a whole much of the season.
Manatee, which is currently No. 2 and in a major debate for a national title, is the only Florida school in the Top 25 marking the first time in the history of the RivalsHigh 100 that has been the case.
The state still has double-digit teams being represented. But the battle for which is the true state power has been silenced this season with the apparent dominance of Manatee at the top and the overall drop in quality in several of the other classes around the state.
Miami Central moved back into the No. 2 spot in the state but checks in nationally at No. 40, also marking the largest gap between the top two Florida teams in the history of the poll.
Miami Booker T. Washington, University School, Palm Beach Dwyer and American Heritage all ranked inside of the Top 50 but hold low hopes for Top 25 representation.
KEEP AN EYE ON… … how DeSoto (Texas) comes back off its bye week.
Last season, DeSoto moved into the Top 10 nationally at the end of September and then had its bye week. It returned to the field uninspired and had to storm back to defeat Mesquite (Texas) North Mesquite, 28-17. It followed that game two weeks later with a 56-50 shootout victory over Mesquite (Texas) Horn and started to show signs that it may not have been the focused group that is needed to make a run through the Texas playoff gauntlet.
This season, DeSoto has moved into the Top 10 nationally before the end of September and then had its bye week.
The team returns to action this week on the road against Arlington (Texas) Mansfield Timberview.
ON HIS SHOULDERS: Not usually a state that gets looks for national polls but the performance by Anchorage (Alaska) Service athlete Viliamu Aukusitino turned in was worthy of this spot.
The quarterback accounted for 454 all-purpose yards and seven touchdowns in the first half of a 58-10 victory.
Of his 454 yards, just more than half of them came on the offensive side of the ball.
Aukusitino completed 10 of 15 passed for 155 yards and three scores while running for 86 more on nine carries.
The more impressive chunk of his yardage total came on defense where he returned three inceptions for touchdowns, scoring on returns of 46, 45, and 32 yards, as well as blocking and scoring on a 90-yard field goal attempt by Juneau (Alaska) Juneau-Douglas.
ON DECK THIS WEEK: For the second consecutive week the list of nationally ranked teams playing against nationally ranked teams is limited to just two games.
No. 39 Rancho Santa Margarita (Calif.) Santa Margarita will play host to No. 58 Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei in a Trinity League clash and No. 49 Cincinnati (Ohio) St. Xavier will welcome No. 53 Lakewood (Ohio) St. Edward in a cross-state battle.
While two of those teams are the only ones guaranteed to suffer a setback this week there are plenty of other nationally relevant games on deck.
Bradenton (Fla.) Manatee and Duncan (S.C.) Byrnes will be playing two teams with solid name recognition but may not be strength of schedule makers this year in Weston (Fla.) CyBay and Gaffney (S.C) High.
Bellevue (Wash.) High hopes to get a test from Mount Si (Wash.) High as one of the better teams in its class could help the Pacific Northwest power hold its Top 10 ranking.
The trio of New Jersey representatives will be playing teams with interesting storylines.
Montvale (N.J.) St. Joe's will be playing Jersey City (N.J.) St. Peter's Prep as both look to prove their places nationally. Oradell (N.J.) Bergen Catholic will play host to Cocoa (Fla.) High in a game that gained plenty of attention but has lost some luster with how Cocoa has opened the season. Ramsey (N.J.) Don Bosco will take on Paramus (N.J.) Catholic.
The Steel City will again be in focus as Wexford (Pa.) North Allegheny will take on Pittsburgh (Pa.) Central Catholic a week after defeating Monroeville (Pa.) Gateway.
Indiana will have a say in the bottom half of the rankings with two key games. Indianapolis Cathedral will take on a Cincinnati (Ohio) Moeller program that is looking just to hold onto its place in the rankings. Indianapolis Ben Davis will square off with Carmel (Ind.) High for the top spot in the highest classification and one of the final places in the RivalsHigh 100.
[rl]Businesses for Sale
Business for Sale
Adelaide
This is an established store in Adelaide that has become available for sale due to the owner’s health. It has an established client database and a modern fit-out which means that a new owner can
Price P.O.A
This is an established store in Adelaide that has become available for sale due to the owner’s health. It has an established client database and a modern fit-out which means that a new owner can start trading from day-one. Experimac specialises in the repair, service, upgrade and sale of pre-owned Apple products and other tech hardware. This is an ever-growing market and this store would suit someone who is ambitious and hard-working.
Apple products are the most sought-after consumer tech items in the world. Experimac first opened in 2009 because of a massive gap in the market to provide affordable Apple repairs and upgrades and a retail outlet for preloved iPhones, iPads and Mac products.
Experimac has since built an extremely successful international business. It buys, sells, and trades used equipment that is of high-quality, inspect and service them and retail them to its customers. Each store provides one of the most popular brands in Australia so a new franchisee can expect almost instant demand.
This franchise opportunity is open to anyone who has an entrepreneurial spirit.:
• An established franchise store with a modern fit-out
• An existing customer database
• Emerging technology field in a sector with unlimited growth opportunity
• Strong sales history with growing growth margins for quality Apple products
• As Apple grows, so will you from the millions of customers loyal to the Apple brand
• Advertising & marketing systems in place so you can benefit from sales opportunities
• Comprehensive training program on how to run your own successful Experimac store
• Location and set-up advise to ensure your location maximises sale opportunities
•, an exciting new sector plus an established store, makes this truly a unique and exceptional opportunity. For more information call the number above TODAY!
Contact: Sam Savio
Phone: 0410 722 533
Mobile: 0410722533
Bsale ID: 163375
Agent ID: 230438
Here is an incredible opportunity to own a fully-equipped mobile food trailer which already has a valued name throughout the community. Wood Fire Pizza Trailers offer a great business opportunity with
Termites (or White Ants) and pest activity have been estimated to cause hundreds of millions of dollars damage to buildings around the world annually, with one in three buildings being infested at lea
This is a fantastic start-up for someone looking for a solid, reliable and easy-to-run business which offers ongoing support and excellent earning potential. Little Green Truck offers delivery truck
Send this post to a friendAALL Stands For African and Asian Languages and Literatures
You are here
AALL
What does AALL mean?This page is all about the meaning, abbreviation and acronym of AALL explaining the definition or meaning and giving useful information of similar terms.
What is AALL?There may be more than one meaning of AALL, so check it out all meanings of AALL one by one.
AALL definition / AALL means?The Definition of AALL is given above so check it out related information.
What is the meaning of AALL?The meaning of the AALL is also explained earlier. Till now you might have got some idea about the acronym, abbreviation or meaning of AALL. What does AALL mean? is explained earlier. You might also like some similar terms related to AALL to know more about it.
Related Full Forms - Terms
MLL
MLL Stands For Multilayer Laue Lens| Multilayer Laue Lens| Modern Languages and Literatures| Department of Modern Languages and Literatures| Modify Lot location
DFLL
DFLL Stands For : Department Of Foreign Languages And Literature | Department Of Foreign Languages And Literatures | Digital Frequency Locked LoopAAS
AAAS Stands For : African American and African Studies | Alan Alda Admiration Society | Association for Asian American Studies | Authentication as a Service | Automotive Aftermarket Association Southeast
SAYC
SAYC Stands For : Shore Acres Yacht Club | South African Youth Choir | South African Youth Council | South Asian Youth Conference | Standard American Yellow Card
AARDO
AARDO Stands For : African Asian Rural Development Organization | Afro Asian Rural Development Organization
ADB
ADB Stands For : African Development Bank | Asian Development Bank | AsianDevelopment Bank | Accidental Death Benefit | Asian Development Bank
ESOL
ESOL Stands For : Educational Services Overseas Limited | Eenglish For Speakers Of Other Languages | English for Speakers of | English to Speakers of Other Languages | Es For Speakers Of Other Languages
SASMO
SASMO Stands For : Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiads | South African Society of Medical Oncology | Statistical Analysis for Scheduled Maintenance Optimization | Sustainment Automation Support Management Office
SAMDA
SAMDA Stands For : South African Mining Development Association | South Asian Medical-Dental Association
ASC
ASC Stands For Acoustic Seabed Classification| Administrative Support Center| African Studies Centre| Asia Student Carnival| Asian Student Coalition| ADPCM (Adaptive Differential Pulse Code Modulation) Stereo C
AASP
AASP Stands For Adopt A Student Program| American Academy of School Psychology| Asian American Studies Program| Association of African Studies Programs
ACTS
ACTS Stands For Advanced Communications Technology Satellite| African Centre for Technology Studies| Asian Christian Theological Studies| Association of Chicago Theological Schools
ACU
ACU Stands For : Acme United Corporation | Avantogen Ltd | Asian Clearing Union | Automatic Client Update | Allco Credit Union | Alliance Credit Union | Arrowhead Credit Union | African CopperATP
AATP Stands For : African American Theatre Program | AgriFood Advanced Training Partnership | ALICE and the PIRATES | All About The Presentation | Asian American Theater Project | Auction Agent Transfer Protocol | Authorized Academic Training Program | Authorized Academic Training Provider
ALB
ALB Stands For : Anti Lock Brain | Advanced Leader Bronze | Angular Liquid Bridge | Asian Longhorn Beetle | Asian Longhorned Beetle | Australasian Legal Business
SAPIA
SAPIA Stands For : South African Petroleum Industry | South African Petroleum Industry Association | South African Plant Invaders Atlas
ARCM
ARCM Stands For : Aging Resources and Care Management | Asian Research Center for Migration | Asian Research Centre for Migration | Association | asymmetric ring closing metathesis
AARC
AARC Stands For : Asian Agribusiness Research Center | Asian Agribusiness Research Centre | Associated Agricultural and Rural ConsultantsAWG
AAWG Stands For : African Association of Women in Geosciences | All African Womens Group | Alaska Amphibian Working
IAAM
IAAM Stands For : Impacting African American Males | Institute For African American Mobilization
SASA
SASA Stands For Siris Acute Scaled Algae| South Asian Student Alliance| South Asian Students Association| Study Away Student Association
SAPTA
SAPTA Stands For : SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation)Preferential Trading Arrangement | South Asian Preferential Trade Arrangement
CASS
CASS Stands For Catholic Asian Student Society| Catholic Asian Students Society| Center for Astrophysics and Space Sciences| College of Arts and Social Sciences| Cooperative Association of States for Scholarships| Course Administration System Solution
AAAM
AAAM Stands For : ABN AMRO Asset Management | African Aura Mining | American Association of Automotive Medicine | Association of African American Mathematicians
AACC
AACC Stands For Avicultural Advancement Council of Canada| American Association for Clinical Chemistry| Academic Advising Coordinating Council| Asian American Coalition Committee| Asian American Comparative Collection| Audio Active Comparative Corrective
CSAE
CSAE Stands For Centre for the Study of African Economics (Oxford)| Centre for the Study of African Economies
SAPU
SAPU Stands For : Scottish Antibody Production Unit | South African Police Union | South African Policing Union | Surgical Assessment Planning Unit
CAR
CAR Stands For : Central African Republic | Central Animal Records | Central African Republic | Carib | Cordillera Administrative RegionI deleted images on the hard drive by mistake, does that delete the catalogue data as well? I'm not sure if it does because when reimporting those same images from a backup the image names are changed to xxx.DNG-2 and not xxx.DNG as they were originally. Why is that? How do I find the catalogue data for the original images and apply that to the re-imported ones...? Or does such a thing exist, or do I have to redo the PP all over again...?
Hello,
if you delete image on the file system LR does not loose any development settings (sometimes it can not display a preview, but this does not mean that the development settings are lost). LR shows a "!" for lost images.
You need not to reimport the missing image! Just copy to image from your backup to the location where LR expects the image and keep the same name as in LR for your image. Then, the "!" disapears (red mark) and (nearly) everything is o.k.
For some of your images the develoment data stored in the catalog is more recent then the information stored in the (jpeg/tiff/dng) files. You should select these files and choose "Metadata->Save Metadata to File" from the context menu do sync lightrooms catalog with the files on the hdd. (green box)
Thanks for the answer, it confirms what I was expecting.
Richardtdjunkie
About me
In a little more detail...
The trusted source for great t-shirts. Desi T-Shirts, Punjabi T-Shirts, Funny T-Shirts & more.
View all
Themes I've created
Thunderbird Brown
13 Daily Users
Deadmau5 - Dubstep
6 Daily Users
Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale
3 Daily Users
Golden Temple - Amritsar
2 Daily Users
Desi Chick
1 Daily User
Bright Ganesh
1 Daily User
SINGH IS KING
1 Daily User
Amitabh Bachchan - Sholay
1 Daily User
Bollywood - 3 Idots
1 Daily User
My Reviews
No add-on reviews yet.
To create your own collections, you must have a Mozilla Add-ons account.
or log in to your current accountLogo
Prev
Bookmark
Rotate
Print
Contents
All Pages
Related Articles
Browse Issues
Search
'
National Geographic : 1921 Jan
Contents
74 THE NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC MAGAZINE S(o visibility of the fish. Contrast, for in S stance, the color plans of the Rock Hind and the bizarre Rock Beauty (Plate II). clL.\HMELEoNS AMONGG T'lHE FISHES u These groupers, rock fishes, and hinds, furthermore, have the power of under S 8 going complete color changes almhnost in +. stantaneously. The color tone becomes - lighter or darker and the markings be o come bold or fade and disappear. Such , color changes can be seen to advantage in individuals kept in an aquarium. .: There can be no doubt that in the fishes' ° natural environment they adapt it to the - bottom it is swimming over, and, further, that inconspicuousness may aid in its getting a full meal at the expense of its smaller associates. S 'There is a related fish which has a k color pattern almost exactly like that of ''1 Bthe Rock Hind, namely, the Spotted Hind. The principal technical difference * between the two is that one has minute ' gQ; scales on its maxillary and the other has *. not-a characteristic about as obvious to S the layman as what the fish is thinking ' : about. The Spotted Iind's squarish tail S fin, with a broad, blackish border, affords an amateurish, but simpler, way of tell S ing it. v. The fish life of warm shores is one of '- contrasts. In contrast to the big-mouthed Ssea basses, there are species, usually slug gish, which have very small mouths, de ti C pending for their subsistence on the great abundance of small sea animals found , , about tropical reefs and ledges, or sea weeds. To capture such small creatures does not require great agility. THE MALE SE \-I[ORS[E HAS AN INCUBATOR The sort of life they lead has plroblably been taken up gradually, through long periods of time, and many of them have meanwhile acquired remarkable and sometimes quite unfishlike characters of form and structure. None is stranger than the little Sea-horses (Plate I-), with body encased in rings of bony mail, horse-shaped head set at right angles. and prehensile tail to grasp the seaweed where they are hiding, body floating up S ward erect in the water.
Links
Archive
1921 Feb
1920 Dec
Navigation
Previous Page
Next PageOne of the reasons for the massive public reaction against Japanese-Americans after Pearl Harbor took place because during the attack, a Japanese plane crash landed on a Hawaiian island. The pilot was initially captured by citizens, but was freed and rearmed by a Japanese-American.
There were also German bombing campaigns within the United States prior to our entry into World War I. In Mosinee, Wisconsin, on May Day 1950 the local American Legion staged a day-long mock Communist coup to dramatize what life would be like under Soviet rule.
Other items in the exhibit are about Timothy McVeigh (Oklahoma City Bombing), Chicagoan Bernardine Dohern and the Weather Underground, Joseph McCarthy and intercepted mail bombs to important people.
The exhibit was put together as a reaction to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and debuted in 2004 at the International Spy Museum in Washington, D.C. It has traveled extensively ever since and Chicago will be its final stop.
--DaCoot
About That Balky Mule in DeKalb in 1917
5 days agoGuess who was in the dirty south this past weekend? Besides the Kernel, me! I was visiting the great country state of Texas. Austin, Texas to be more precise.
I did some tubing down Lake Guadalupe, made some friends with the Alpha Delta Gama Pi and some other fraternities. (a toga party was in store – in my honor I presume).
After my long weekend there, I now understand why the phrase “Keep Austin Weird” is plastered on tie dyed t-shirts at every souvineir shop and kiosk.
Austin…is….well….different. Come journey with me:
More cowboys after the jump……….. Continue reading ‘Keep Austin Weird’Thank you for your interest in adopting from the Women's Humane Society! Your new best friend is waiting to find their forever family with you!
If you find an animal that you'd like to meet, come visit us at our Adoption Center during adoption hours and fill our an adoption application. One of our Adoption Counselors will be happy to assist you in finding your new best friend!
Adoption Center Hours:
To view our recent adoptable animals, please click on the links below:
For more information on our adoption process, please visit our Welcome & Plan Your Visit page.ART, Rock Bands, The MAD Jewess
I am sick of politics today. So, sorry, I am doing something for me.
I loved Led Zeppelin & Lynyrd Skynyrd. I had a Black Sabbath album, but the inside of the record cover was SO ugly, that it was hard to concentrate on the music. I did like Queens, “We Are The Champions” It made me feel powerful.
In 1980, I loved Air Supply. Little River Band has to be my all-time favorite band, their harmony, impeccable. I started liking some of these Rock bands @ 8 years old. Here is me @ 8 years:
Hard to believe that the big-bad Mad Jewess was actually a KID at some point. Even harder, probably -for you left wing moonbats to believe that I am a seriously nice and loyal person, just no loyalty or kindness to you, you are terrible people. Do you all know that little children can become fierce fighters for their nation, patriotic @ 5-6-7 if you start out right? My favorite colors were red, white and blue, you can see that in the picture. I loved art as well, and by the time I was 16, I was always ‘blacking out’- in art, that is blacking out all images until AN image appears.
When I was 16, I loved Led Zeppelin so much, that I drew this, and won 2nd place in High School for this drawing of ‘blacking out’: (It was the top half that won; Plant and Paige., the other 2 added in later.
Of course you should know, that I was also indoctrinated to be a man-hating creep, but that all changed later and I became a big champion for the cause of men. In fact, many male blogs & websites that are out there are because of the strong stance I took for the American man in 2006 on a public platform for 2 years, then got banned from my radio show for exposing too much of Obamas ‘middle name’- Hussein. I cannot say who I am to people, it is better to remain anonymous, or try to.
Here are some of my favorite songs, anyway, I hope you enjoyed of knowing a little about my life.
Pingback: Led Zeppelin News » Blog Archive » My Favorite Rock Bands As a Kid « THE MAD JEWESS
yo,you were lovely then and quiet luscious now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada
she’s a doll.
love you mannnnn
Thanks for sharing that Paulette! Here’s one of my all time favorites from 1969 … being a jazz and blues kind of guy …
MJ,
What a sweetheart! You really look A LOT like a girl who lived 2 doors down from me when I was probably about the same age!
Our taste in music is very similar, so we may be close to the same age. Skynyrd is my all time favorite band & I really liked the original Black Sabbath. Sabbath’s “Iron Man” is one of my favorite songs.
Black Sabbath & Deep Purple were my first 2 8-track tapes, which at that time was an upgrade from my old 4-track! I really liked Air Supply (air that I breathe) too & still love Zeppelin, especially the song “Black Dog”.
Hey it’s kind of nice to talk about something different than all the BS!
MR
Cool 😀
Yes, I get sick of the news, have to do this for some sanity. I loved Zepp and Skynyrd, my all time favs 😉
Iron Man was some strange song. War Pigs reminds me of now.
I was a sweet little girl, you cannot see it in that pic, but I was TOUGH.
I have no doubt about that!
MR
MR, hahah. I had to get my ass kicked more than a few times lol
Cool Steve. I like that type music a lot, glad you liked ths post 😀
Posted this in the wrong thread. Hey, I’m old!
Favorite Rock bands as a kid:
The Beatles
The Stones
The Yardbirds
The Animals
The Kinks
The Dave Clark Five
The Zombies
The Beau Brummels
The Sir Douglas Quintet
The Playboys of Edingurg
The Doors
Love
You were a cute little girl, MadJewess.
Well, thats awfully sweet LorMarie, they used to tell me I looked like a monkey dog lol
Let’s pray for our country, everyone. This is America’s national hymn for some inspiraition:
Please delete–I accidentally posted it in the wrong thread!Online Music Store
Unlike our conventional multi-course certificate applications, all credits earned in a degree path certificate switch immediately into the certificates’s correlating degree major. Spread your music to over a hundred and twenty of the most popular music channels on the web, without leaving your Wix account.
We suppose that putting the store on-line will make the shopping expertise sooner, simpler and extra partaking.
You may participate in online tutorials and practice examinations to prepare for the true thing.
In order to reside your dream of changing into a musician, a music producer or a music director, purchase musical devices online from Snapdeal.
If you are itching to get your music to the masses, you higher believe that you simply need a YouTube channel to get you began.Georgia Thomson is actually a name that every Sky Sports news viewers associate with. A part of the Sky Sports Team at since 2001, she is a name that one associates time for this to happen. With multiple channels accessible for viewing, it gets a whole lot more difficult to nail viewers if things are not satisfactory enough. Hence she feels that given some time and energy A1 GP has a prospect of becoming as popular as the F1., ensured that they moved quite a number of times, every time to some larger house or to a renovation project. The transformations that each property underwent drilled into her the passion for climbing up the property ladder.
Aside from property, she’s now begun looking at other investment options including pension funds and makes annual contributions to individual savings accounts. Healthcare is another aspect of investment that she has now considered. She’s invested in a comprehensive medical.TNE Editor / Thursday, December 7, 2017 / Categories: Campus News NSU students celebrate graduation Published 12/7/17 Julie Ferguson TNE Writer In a couple of weeks NSU will have its 2017 commencement ceremonies on its Tahlequah campus. At this time, students will walk across the stage and ceremonially receive the bachelor’s and master’s degrees they have spent years completing. “Graduation is the actual conferral of the degree by the Registrar’s Office and means that students have completed all requirements necessary for the degree program and in some cases professional credential,” said Dr. Pam Fly, associate vice president of academic affairs. “Once someone applies to graduate, degree conferrals happen whether or not an individual attends the commencement ceremony.” NSU has developed guidelines for dress and academic regalia that reflect academic customs and traditions in accordance with the Academic Costume Code of the American Council on Education. These guidelines cover what the graduation cap should look like. “ACE guidelines specify an unadorned cap, and NSU has chosen to follow those with the exception of allowing Native American students the option of beading the edge of the cap in recognition of NSU’s Native American cultural background,” said Fly. “Decorated caps can cause disruptions and are inappropriate to the solemnity of the occasion. Students may purchase an additional cap to decorate as a keepsake or for pictures outside the ceremony. In the lineup area and ceremony arena, only plain caps are allowed.” This year the Commencement Committee has chosen to allow organizations to submit stoles to be worn at graduation. The approved stoles can be located on the NSU commencement website. New this semester, students may elect to purchase an NSU stole, which is available to all commencement participants. It is a white stole with a green embroidered seal. “The idea behind the stole is it is a stole of gratitude so you wear it the day of commencement, but then after commencement you’re able to either write a message on the back or present it to someone that helped you along the way,” said Dewayne Campbell, RiverHawk Shoppe general manager. “That can be parents, friends, spouses or professors. It is all about being able to show who helped you with your educational experience some gratitude.” The guest speaker for this year at the 9:30 a.m. ceremony is Mr. Joe Crittenden, deputy principal chief of the Cherokee Nation. Commander Julie Erb-Alvarez, a commissioned officer for the U.S. Public Health Service, will share remarks at the 1:30 p.m. ceremony. Both were recognized earlier this year as NSU Distinguished Alumni. “Finally being able to graduate after almost five years feels great,” said Eden Nagy, Tulsa senior. “I know when I walk across that stage and get my degree these last couple years will all be worth it.” If a student has not purchased a cap and gown, the RiverHawk Shoppe tries to keep everything in stock until the day of graduation. “We sell caps and gowns right up to the day of graduation,” said Campbell. “However, the closer we get to graduation, the more chance we may be out of a size so we do suggest students buy as soon as possible. We hold a grad fair in the fall and the spring and that is the kick off to our selling season, but we suggest they do buy ahead of time so that we have their size in stock and to ensure we do take care of all our students before graduation.” The commencement ceremony for the College of Business & Technology and the College of Liberal Arts is Saturday, Dec. 16 at 9:30 a.m. The ceremony for the College of Education and College of Science & Health Professions is Saturday, Dec. 16 at 1:30 p.m. For any questions about commencement, visit the Registrar’s Office on the first floor of the CASE Building. Print 355 Rate this article: No rating NSU students celebrate graduation Lakin Girder, Fayetteville senior, looks at the stole of gratitude. The stole of gratitude is new this year and is meant to be worn at graduation and then given to someone who impacted the student’s educational career. Please login or register to post comments.The New Movement Towards Bringing The Food We Eat Closer to Home
If you’re in the East and not used to sunny weather year round, I don’t have to remind you that it is Spring time once again. I am sure you’ve already snatched the shorts, flip flops and sun glasses from their resting places already. Dear old winter has finally made its exit.
Spring happens every year, and around this time we usually give more of our attention to freshness, as the warm weather supports many more produce choices for the season. But this season it may be a little different.
Restaurant and Home Cooks alike are increasingly supporting local farmers and in many cases growing their own food. The ‘getting closer to your food’ movement is evident everywhere. Food Advocate Michael Pollan has for a long time recommended growing general produce like tomatoes and peppers in you own backyard. He was on Oprah the other day speaking of how having your kids help in planting their own fruits and vegetables improves their relationship with their food and increases the likelihood that they would actually get to love these foods.
Right now yourbackyardfarmer.com featured in Springwise Business Ideas website, offers a service to get you started with your own garden if like most of us you don’t happen to have a green thump. However, a simple trip to your plant nursery is all you need to begin exploring this home garden option and to get a little inspiration. At least it’s a start.
And if like me you don’t happen to have a backyard, then a good idea is to take part in a community garden project in your area. It may be an experience which transforms and greatly improves your relationship to food and nature in general.
*********
You can get all the latest updates to my blog for your ipod or other mp3 player. Check out the link to find my feeds.
My Podcast Alley feed! {pca-6823a9e3e375b16917065694cfa1ce07}Related Keywords: dog soft coat jackets, cute dog soft jackets ..
Don't let your pampered puppy freeze during her walk on a cold winter day or get all wet on a spring rainy day. Whether you need a lightweight rain jacket or a heavier winter dog coat, we have the cutest selection that will fit your puppy, small dog & big doggie too.
Need to keep your pet warm for the winter or just because you want him or her to look cute? This no sew DIY dog jacket may be the next project for you.
Dog Clothes, Dog Coats & Dog Fashion at BaxterBoo." —
Dog Clothes - Stylish Designer Dog Apparel in All Sizes
Right here at Posh Puppy Boutique.Taxco Traditions Infinity Design Drop Earrings Sterling Silver
In Stock
Sold Out
We're sorry, this product is not available at this time. Use the search bar to find similar items.
This item is available through Advanced Order. It will be shipped the week commencing .
Low Stock
- Sterling silver
- Shepherd's hook fastening - suitable for pierced ears only
- Length: 4.2cm (1.6")
All measurements are approximate
This range is hand-crafted in Mexico to traditional designs using historic techniques, creating a range of unique and wearable silver jewellery.The Special Olympics of Missouri (SOMO) will stage a local track and field meet on Saturday, May 6, at Porter Stadium. An opening ceremony will take place at 10 a.m. with events lasting until 2 p.m.
For the first time, the Hannibal Public School District will host a unique athletic event for the area — one in which the fastest times, farthest throws and longest jumps don't necessarily matter.
The Special Olympics of Missouri (SOMO) will stage a local track and field meet on Saturday, May 6, at Porter Stadium. An opening ceremony will take place at 10 a.m. with events lasting until 2 p.m.
The public is invited to attend to encourage the participants in a variety of events.
SOMO encourages the inclusion of athletes with intellectual disabilities through year-round sporting events, ranging from track and field to swimming, bocce ball to floor hockey.
The athletes involved come from a variety of backgrounds and ability levels. Some have physical limitations.
SOMO, however, makes sure every athlete feels strong and fast, encouraging them to participate as they're able.
Saturday's event is a local meet, in which participants come from the Hannibal School District and other surrounding entities, specifically Marion County Services for the Developmentally Disabled.
SOMO events culminate each year with a state competition, held in June.
“We're kind of curious to see what the turn out is like,” Mike Vaia, Hannibal Schools Director of Special Services, said.
Vaia said Hannibal became involved when Superintendent Susan Johnson contacted the SOMO Central District about how to become involved.
Over the course of a year, the school district worked with SOMO to put together Saturday's event.
Previously, if an athlete wanted to participate in a local track meet, he/she would have had to travel to Kirksville, according to Diane Brimer, Regional Director for the SOMO Central District.
With a local event, athletes — who range in age from 8 to adults — can feel included in sporting events without having to travel far from home.
Brimer said Saturday's meet will be the first sporting event in which many of the athletes will participate.
“It's hard for me to describe just what we know that these individuals get out of a day like this,” Brimer said. “Besides the excitement of it, there's a lot that goes even farther that.”
She said one of the greatest rewards is seeing the smiles of athletes who always wanted to participate in athletics, but couldn't do so in traditional settings.
“It's their time to be able to show what they're able to do,” she said.
While Brimer said the athletes are made to feel special — it is Special Olympics, after all — she said volunteers and spectators have just as much to gain from the event.
“I really encourage people to come by for a little while. These athletes enjoy showing off,” she said. “They're very serious and yet they're so fun. They have a spirit that is just contagious.”
Vaia said Hannibal High School students will volunteer at the event, including some who participate in traditional athletics.
Local organizations like the Evening Kiwanis and Rotary Clubs have also donated materials and time to make sure the event runs smoothly.
Vaia also praised Hannibal Clinic's Dr. Gina Pontius, who gave athletes the physicals they needed to participate.
“It really allowed a lot of kids to participate who otherwise would not have been able to,” he said.
With the weather expected to cooperate, Vaia and Brimer both predict a fun, successful day for the athletes.
“It's a win-win for everyone. Anyone who's been associated with it in the past has said it's been a great day,” Vaia said.
Athletes will participate in events including 25, 50 and 100 meter runs and walks, wheelchair (motorized and non-motorized) and assisted walks, running/standing long jump, and softball/T-ball throw.
Reach editor Eric Dundon at eric.dundon@courierpost.comSo, it was a writing kind of day. I have had this idea in my brain for about two weeks now, but couldn’t figure out how or where to start.
Have you ever read a novel that ISN’T actually a movie with your students? These days it can be hard to come by, for sure. Hunger Games, Because of Winn Dixie, Holes, Tuck Everlasting, Bridge to Terebithia, and on and on…However, each of the years I read the novel Crash by Jerry Spinelli, my students’ first question upon completing it is, “Is this a movie? I want to see it!”
I am always grateful that it is not because I have my own idea of what every character looks like, and I want to keep it that way. I might date myself a bit, but I visualize some of the old Wonder Years cast as some of the characters…
So back to the “it was a writing kind of day…” After designing the cover page and determining the cast of characters, I finally settled on the fact that this reader’s theater would only be able to focus on a snippet of the text, otherwise it would end up as long as the novel.
I chose the beginning of the novel-the flashback part where Crash and Penn meet. Selfishly, it has some of my favorite parts. I love when Crash goes to dinner at the Webb’s house. Certainly that had to be included.
If you have read this novel and are looking for a little fun with your class, this reader’s theater is perfect for our crew. I promise it will be a hit! They will love playing Crash and Penn and re-enacting how they met when they were six. While it is a fun 8-character, 6-page script, I also included a compare and contrast focus activity, as well as three reader response questions that focus on the script. The focus CC standards are listed as well.A Designer with a Blog
Hi folks, I know it is January 15th, and my last post was... well, lets just move on. Because I don't even feel bad about it really. I've had a really full fall and winter. Busy busy bee. But not in a too many pointless appointments and paper work kind of way. A busy in a so many friends, special occasions, family visiting, and thoughtful design work kind of way. All good stuff. But being busy is not really all to blame for my lack of posting, because I have certainly found time to log back in and start quite the collection of half-written blog posts. In fact, there are a couple circling thoughts that have prevented me from hitting post.
Here are some of those things (Also, this is a very self-indulgent post and super wordy, so feel free to skim and look at the intermittent, and irrelevant photos) :::
1. Being totes profesh.
I have put most of my project and design energy into bathroom remodels for some lovely clients. First, know that it makes me blush to say "clients" because I can hardly believe that I am at a stage in life where I could have real clients and not just be giving my friends advice on where to hang their Eiffel tower posters in the dorms. But it is true, and it is so exciting, reaffirming, and totally terrifying all at once. I am going to work on building and solidifying a business, complete with LLC, here in 2015. So, in short, I haven't had much I felt I could share with you because the projects were not completed, and I didn't want to tell a story that wasn't all mine until we reached the end. But, good news! Just finished editing the final photos of one of the spaces and will tell you all about it in a jiff.
2. "The World of Blogging".
Now I kind of assume, that you read this blog because you are somehow connected to me in real life, but if you actually found me via diy/design blog channels than, most likely, you have already read plenty of introspective posts around the internet on the "state of blogging". Nonetheless, here is my interpretation. I started following design blogs back in freshman year of college when I was super depressed, and couldn't find anyone who shared my interests as voraciously as I did, and I was crushed that the university would not actually let me take classes in what I wanted to learn until I proved I could consistently show up for classes I didn't want to take. Basically I was just killing time until I could begin architecture studies, which I was convinced would be my heaven (spoiler: it was the opposite).
So, in an attempt to stop me from crying for a few minutes, Ansel showed me that there were "blogs" out there talking about interior design, trends and building things. The best part was they came to your internet mailbox everyday! Like an epic digital newspaper of customized content just for you. I started following blogs by the bundle. Reading with wrapt attention all the now "big names in blogging" and some smaller ones that have since fallen off the map. I sort of came in on the whole "blogosphere" at the cusp of a huge explosion for the medium. Now, it's refereed to as an "industry", and sometimes it really feels that way. So many blogs, racing to make the most money, have the most followers, be the perkiest, pair with the most sponsors (no matter how relevant), and churn out identical content as fast as possible. When I started reading blogs, I could identify between my favorites by just the style of writing. Now, I run into mimicry, thoughtless content and forced enthusiasm for materialism just way too often. And it bums me out.
Not that I am totally innocent from trying to be someone else's blog. When I first started writing my own blog, I recognize that I struggled with "finding my voice" (so cheesy), because I didn't feel I had original work I was proud of to share. We were living in a small rental apartment, which was adorable, but you know, didn't evolve much. So I wrote about other peoples interiors, or stuff that I liked, but mostly that I thought readers would like me for liking. I also couldn't find the right tone that felt honest. I read the gushing prose of other bloggers, and felt compelled to speak in the same way. Very lyrical, very much like ad copy for a spa. But somewhere in there I turned a corner, started writing more and more like how I speak, and had my own projects and process to speak about. Thank goodness. I also realized that I was never going to be a "blogger" in a career-making sort of way.
So then I would think things like this:
"Why do it?"
"All these "blogging tips" articles tell me I need to be on twitter every minute or there is literally no hope, and I don't wanna."
"There is no room or desire for me in the blog industry, bleh, industry"
"Some of my favorite design bloggers are writing sponsored posts about water bottle filters as if they are their new gods, and I am not a good enough actor for that."
"Bingley is soooo flufffffy!"
And it results in either an existential crisis or writers block.
3. A Goal.
All this was hard to overcome, and I couldn't really figure out what I wanted my place to be, and so I stopped and stepped back for a while until I could articulate for myself my goal for this blog. Here is what I have worked out:
- "Bloggers" with a capital b, and the "industry", can be a big bummer. (This website is darkly cathartic though).
- However, there are still blogs/people that I love, inspire me, and give me connection to other designers. Such as Lauren Liess, Lindsay Stephenson, A Country Farmhouse, Dream Book Design, and Bailey McCarthy (controversial, I know).
- I had an epiphany. What all these blogs have in common, is that their design work and life come first. First in their hearts, and first in their job titles. Ohmygosh. It clicked. I don't want to be a design blogger. I want to be a designer with a blog. Boom. Maybe not mind blowing, but sometimes you need a catch phrase before things really sink in.
So with all that in mind, prepare for nothing to really change. Haha. I will still be writing too many words about overwhelming remodels, and probably too infrequently for the likes of some. But I am happy to now have my catch phrase, and to begin backing it up by peeking out into the world as a "bidness" lady and making other peoples places pretty. And then, of course, telling you all about it. I'm going to go sweat it out at the gym and then curl up in the sun with les chats. Toodles..
Looking at some facts, I am inclined to say no:
There are currently an estimated 300,000 groups, which collectively hold a combined asset base of at least Ksh300-billion.
Popularly known as chamas by Kenyans (loosely translated as .
You might remember an interesting post on the Open Book Blog where David Roodman asks whether microfinance is a Schumpeterian dead end. In that post, Lant Pritchett talks about a trip to India when he was asked how self-help groups work in his own country. The answer: they do not exist, therefore they can be considered a Schumpeterian dead end.
I was asked the exact same question a couple of months ago during a meeting with a group in Nairobi. I had never thought about it before, so I was caught unprepared, but my instinctive answer was that self-help groups have not disappeared in my country; rather, at some point they evolved into other types of organization like credit unions, social enterprises or formal investment groups.
I need to read lots more on this topic. But my impression so far is that instead of being a sign of backwardness or a dead end, chamas in Kenya tend to evolve over time and to combine elements of “welfare” and “investment” as different opportunities arise -depending on the needs (and salaries) of group members. For the poor, chamas help tackling the huge problem of income volatility; for richer people, they are a vehicle for investments and business growth.
I.
David.
The.
UPDATE:.Joe Lieberman’s loss in Tuesday’s Democratic primary might not be a great blow to President Bush or the GOP — I wish it were, but that Democratic primary voters in one of the more liberal states in the country chose an antiwar candidate over the Bush-kissed incumbent doesn’t necessarily tell us much about how the November elections are going to turn out. Lieberman’s loss is a significant setback for neoconservatives, however, who have long pursued a one-and-a-half party strategy: holding tight reins on the GOP and the conservative movement while maintaining a strategic toehold in the Democratic camp through liberal hawks like Lieberman. Look at how the neocons and their conservative movement echo-chamber are squealing over the implications of Lieberman’s defeat: this means that the Democrats might be on the way — slowly — to becoming a real antiwar party. “[I]t appears to me that the Democratic party is in the process of cementing that it is the ‘peace,’ party” writes one of the contributors to NRO’s symposium on Lieberman’s loss — and the whole symposium goes a long way toward illustrating my point.
The conservative and neoconservative reaction illustrates something else as well: support for Bush and his war, as many other observers have remarked, is indeed their criterion for distinguishing friends from enemies. Lieberman is a friend. Lamont is an enemy, and is therefore construed as being hard left. Stop and think about that for a minute: Lamont is a successful businessman. He is not Cynthia McKinney. The only way anyone can believe he is loony left or far left or hard left is if being antiwar is itself proof of loony / far / hard leftiness.
Several of the contributors to The American Conservative‘s recent symposium on the meaning of Left and Right (which goes on-line Thursday) made this point. Justin Raimondo for one. Scott McConnell too. It’s a fact pretty well established by now. I should add one twist, however: neocons will tell you that it is possible to be an antiwar conservative — as long as you don’t act on your conviction or speak out about it. Even in his infamous “Unpatriotic Conservatives” hit piece, David Frum allowed that there could be some good antiwar conservatives. They’re just the ones who meekly go along with whatever the warmongers want. (Fun fact: I hear on pretty good authority that there were at least two antiwar people on staff at the Weekly Standard at the time of the invasion. And of course, Neal Freeman has given us some insight into the NR circle. Notice, however, that none of these people thought the war was important enough to speak out against it publicly when doing so might have made a difference, either in ’03 when the war was launched or before the ’04 elections. Party and movement loyalty trumped.)
It’s not unreasonable that the war should be so polarizing. Its proponents evidently do believe that Saddam posed a threat to the United States and that by invading Iraq the United States would be combatting terrorism rather than incubating it. And those of us who are against the war have thought from the very beginning that this view is unsupported by any evidence or probable line of reasoning and that by attacking and occupying a country that posed no threat, the United States would only exposing be itself to more terrorism while at the same time bringing about the deaths of untold thousands of innocent Iraqis and thousands (so far) of U.S. troops. Those are high stakes either way, and behind the two sides are very different ways of seeing the world and seeing U.S. power.
Not only is it not surprising that the war has been as polarizing as it has, but it also is not surprising that the polarization has broken down the way that it has. At least since Vietnam, and really going back some years earlier, most conservatives have been committed militarists and nationalists. Conservatives over the past five decades have frequently talked about government’s incompetence and excessive spending — but virtually never have they applied these criticisms to the military, certainly not in a sustained and systematic fashion. It would hardly be going too far to say that the military has been an object of veneration. Similarly, but to a slightly lesser degree, American military expansionism and interventionism have been supported by conservatives to a far greater degree than they have been supported by anyone else. Again, this is an old story. The one major exception to conservative foreign-policy bloodlust was the anomalous period in the mid-to-late ’90s when Republicans weren’t keen to get into Kosovo and bomb Serbia. Today, there’s some hestitation on the Right about getting into Darfur and other African sinkholes, although some the Christian Right — Sam Brownback in the Senate and Frank Wolf in the House come to mind — seem about as eager to do so as anyone on the Left.
There is no antiwar Right, at least not beyond the very limited number of contributors to and readers of magazines like Chronicles and The American Conservative. We could all fit into a college football stadium and still have plenty of seats to spare. There is, to be sure, a conservative intellectual tradition critical of war and militarism that outshines anything the belligerent Right or neoconservatives can offer. To one extent or another, Richard Weaver, Robert Nisbet, Michael Oakeshott, John Lukacs, and Russell Kirk are all in the anti-militarist camp. Up to a point, right-wing militarists can be brought around to the side of peace and nonintervention by showing them that the best conservative arguments are against was, especially total war, and a quasi-imperial foreign policy. But the number of conservatives who are smart enough to understand such arguments, or interested enough to listen, is very small indeed.
It gets steadily harder to deny that militarism is the sine qua non of “conservatism” as it is actually practiced in America. So perhaps Lieberman’s bedfellows are not so strange as they might appear, regardless of whether Lamont or any of the rest of us who oppose this stupid bloody war are “far Left” or not.
One thought on “Does Lieberman Belong on the Right?”It's Thinking
Afterglow
It's Thinking - Afterglow (12inch)
After the acclaimed release of Nature Boy's Ruff Disco Volume One, Frame Of Mind is back with another re-issue of a 25 year old record. Gerd's very first house release called Afterglow, produced under the alias of It's Thinking together with two of his (highschool) friends Mark and Dirk-Jan, was picked up by John Acquaviva for release on the short lived Plus 8 subsidiary called Malego back in 1992. The EP features five warm and atmospheric house tracks recorded at a dark attic room somewhere in the west of Holland in 1991. These days Afterglow is quite a sought after record that rarely turns up cheap on discogs. We are proud to be able to offer you limited copies of this re-mastered package.The decades-long push to make English Departments more relevant has only succeeded in marginalizing them. “The energy around comics and the relation of comics to the question of narrating lives in our contemporary moment are palpable,” Hillary Chute asserts in Profession, a journal published by the Modern Language Association of America (MLAA). “This is especially the case in our profession.”
“Literature syllabi at the college and graduate level now often include comics texts, and teachers across the country are developing all sorts of comics courses (this coming spring at the University of Chicago, the cartoonist Alison Bechdel and I will be coteaching a mixed undergraduate course called Lines of Transmission: Comics and Autobiography).”
Malcolm A. Kline is the Executive Director of Accuracy in Academia.
If you would like to comment on this article, e-mail mal.kline@academia.org.Following the ultra-long nearly endless wet, gray Oceanside spring, it appears that summer is suddenly fully upon us. It’s not just the erratic sunny days, the fog that pulls in on hot valley days, nor the pleasant throngs of families packing blankets and chairs to the beach. It’s the deer. It’s the Summer Deer Wave. They’re back and they’re indiscriminate in their appetite. Sure, the rose buds go first. Then the tender strawberries – who could blame ’em. But they’ve moved on down the buffet line to other shrubs. Succulents (there went the fall color of Sedum Spectable). Lupine. Garden peas. Sigh.
Could be worse of course. Could be racoons. Knock on bark.Save the date
Hey, did you know? It’s a special Jewish Day on the secular calendar. Go ahead and wrack your brains, I can wait.
I lied, I can’t. I have a packed weekend. So let’s cut right to the chase and I’ll tell you that it’s June 13th. Yes, you knew that. But I love 6/13! This is because there are 613 commandments (or mitzvot in Hebrew, or mitzvahs in Hebraicized English) in Judaism. Lots of people think mitzvah means good deed and sometimes it does. But really, it means commandment, requirement, etc. These are things Jewish people believe God has commanded us to do. And it’s OK to think of it as a good deed because then you realize that good deeds, too, are required.
I once heard someone say to someone else that if she wasn’t going to give of herself with an open heart, then forget it. But in Judaism it’s not like that. Feeling good is awesome but even if you hate doing good things, you have to. Luckily, I enjoy giving all my money away and cleaning the sores of the old and sick.
Man, two lies in one post. Maybe I’ll just concentrate on those other 612.
Have a good weekend all!
Becca, you are a great person. You don’t even need those commandments…you are just naturally good.
(boy, I’m nice today)
Aw, Tam-Tam cracker, you’re the best. In fact, we’re the bestest Mormojew ever!NACWA submitted comments on April 24 to EPA’s recent Public Review Draft of Field-Based Methods for Developing Aquatic Life Criteria for Specific Conductivity.
The comments recognize that salinity, as measured by specific conductivity, can play an important role in overall water quality. However, NACWA does not support the proposed Draft Field-Based Methods as a mechanism for establishing water quality criteria to protect aquatic life. The Draft Field-Based Methods takes a serious deviation from traditional and standard science-based toxicological analysis in determining the toxic concentration thresholds for aquatic macroinvertebrates exposed to certain chemicals or pollutants and should not be used where there may be compliance implications.
Further, NACWA’s comments address how the clean water community will be disproportionately impacted if EPA determines its Draft Field-Based Methods are an appropriate means of establishing water quality criteria.
If members have any questions or comments, please contact Emily Remmel at 202/533-1839.1004 Pecos Court, Allen
- Price$899,500
- Beds5
- Baths4
- Sq. Ft.5,049.
Essential Information
- MLS® #13639521
- Price$899,500
- Bedrooms5
- Bathrooms4.10
- Full Baths4
- Half Baths1
- Square Footage5,049
- Acres0.58
- Year Built2004
- TypeResidential
- Sub-TypeSingle Family
- StyleTraditional
- StatusActive
Amenities
- UtilitiesCity Sewer, City Water
- FeaturesClub House, Community Pool, Jogging Path/ Bike Path, Tennis
- # of Garages4
- GaragesAttached, Detached, Rear
- Has PoolYes
- PoolIn Ground Gunite, Saltwater Pool
Exterior
- Exterior FeaturesGrill, Outdoor Fireplace/Pit, Outdoor Living Center, Patio Covered, Patio Open, Sprinkler System
- Lot DescriptionCul De Sac, Interior Lot, Landscaped, Lrg. Backyard Grass, Some Trees, Subdivision
- RoofComposition
- ConstructionBrick
- FoundationSlab
Listing Details
- Listing Agent:Jan Richey
- Listing Office:Keller Williams Frisco Stars
Community Information
- Address1004 Pecos Court
- AreaALLEN AREA (51)
- SubdivisionTwin Creeks #5b
- CityAllen
- CountyCollin
- StateTX
- Zip Code75013-1189
Interior
- Interior FeaturesDecorative Lighting, Dry Bar, Multiple Staircases, Plantation Shutters, Sound System Wiring, Wainscoting
- AppliancesConvection Oven, Dishwasher, Disposal, Oven - Electric, Range/Oven-Gas, Vent Mechanism, Warmer Oven Drawer
- HeatingCentral Air-Elec, Central Heat-Gas, Zoned
- FireplaceYes
- # of Fireplaces1
- FireplacesGas.Dear Friends,
The big news today that we would like to remind you of is that the Tony Awards will be this next Sunday, June 12th.
The ceremony will be taking place at the Beacon Theatre (Broadway between 74th and 75th Streets), starting at 8pm ET. It will be broadcast live on CBS and online at
We can’t wait!
Best regards,
Philip & Marilyn
AdvertisementsThis is the main interface of Aunsoft MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac:
You can import MTS/M2TS video into the program:
You can choose output format from here:
You can do advanced settings here:
You can edit the video in this window:
You can crop the video as follow:
This is the window of conversion:
The Stone Tape theory holds that the impressions of emotional or traumatic events can be recorded into rock and replayed under certain conditions. We have been tirelessly investigating this phenomenon and are pleased to present you with the first cassette and digital download volume of The Stone Tapes.
Limited number available on cassette loaded with high-quality music-grade ferric tape.
Also includes index cards and unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC, WAV and more.
AdvertisementsThe Samba-Bugzilla – Bug 8523
wbinfo --user-domgroups sometimes doesn't return local groups
Last modified: 2012-06-12 12:56:19 UTC
Created attachment 6997 [details]
Fix lookup_usergroups() for local groups
After some hours of debugging I figured that the function lookup_usergroups_cached() in winbindd_utils.c seems to return a cache entry without any local groups, i.e. without groups that are present in the ActiveDirectory only in the scope of a certain domain. This causes the function lookup_usergroups() from winbindd_ads.c to return directly after a cache hit. This in turn causes the shell command 'wbinfo --user-domgroups=$usersid' to return only the global ActiveDirectory groups the user is a member of.
The issue is rather hard to reproduce as you need to:
- get a lookup_usergroups() called at all, and
- have a situation where lookup_usergroups_cached() returns non-NULL
I worked around the issue by not calling lookup_usergroups_cached() at all from lookup_usergroups(), which seems to be okay because caching seems to happen at a higher level too.
The used AD server is a Windows Server 2008 R2.
This is going to take some looking into, mainly as it's not easily reproducible. Just wanted you to know this might not get into 3.6.1.
Jeremy.
I think it is possible to reproduce by following sequence:
1.) remove all .tdb files and restart winbindd
2.) run 'wbinfo --user-domgroups' for the sid of user $foo
3.) let the winbind cache expire (winbind cache time default is 600s)
4.) run 'wbinfo --pam-logon' for user $foo with the correct password
5.) right after that query user groups again using 'wbinfo --user-domgroups'
At stage 2.) the usergroups may still be complete, but at stage 5.) I believe the local groups are missing in the results.
However, from my point of view no need to defer Samba 3.6.1 for this bug...
This issue (or at least identical symptoms) is still present in
winbind 3.6.3.
When using winbind to integrate into AD on SLES11 SP2, winbind fails to enumerate "domain local groups" after the initial winbind cache expiry time is hit on second logon.
Steps to reproduce:
1) integrate into AD using winbind / kerberos
2) use pam_winbind for ssh login
3) create AD user with both global security groups AND domain local groups
4) log in using the ad user via ssh
5) logout, wait min. 10 min (winbind cache expiry time)
6) login again, check wbinfo -r <username>
Results for me :
before cache expiry: (after step 4)
wbinfo -r <username> | wc -l
97
after cache expiry: (after step 6)
wbinfo -r <username> | wc -l
18
Environmental Details:
SLES11 SP2 with latest patches
winbindd -V
Version 3.6.3-0.24.4-2794-SUSE-CODE11-x86_64
(SLES 11.2)
This bug does not occur on SLES11 SP1:
winbindd -V
Version 3.4.3-1.40.3-2791-SUSE-CODE11
Kind regards,
Sebastian JuergesLessons
We have worked with some amazing individuals and organisations – big and small. See what some of our clients have to say about us here.
About Dennis Hoiberg
Dennis, the founder of Lessons Learnt Consulting, be able to bounce forward and thrive through change at a personal, team, organisational and community level.
He is a highly sought-after public speaker and master-of-ceremonies – engaging audiences on the subject of emotional well-being and resilience.
Dennis has developed solutions and programs to accelerate the personal and professional development of individuals. These solutions make use of world class instrumentation including the strength based Gallup material, Values in Action, Myers Briggs Instrumentation and the Geier Learning Systems.Slimline Classic Recycling Bins
description
Features:
- Polyethylene bodyshell
- Galvanised steel liner ( Can be supplied with plastic Liner)
- Lock and key
- Hygienic,easy to clean
- Environmentally friendly,made from recyclable plastic
- open aperture
enquire
If you would like more information on this Slimline Classic Recycling Bins then please contact us.
ENQUIRE HERE
SAS Shelters
Unit 1 Greenwood Court, Ramridge Road, Luton, Bedfordshire. LU2 0TN. UK.
01582 665096 info@sasshelters.co.ukOh my gosh this weekend was awesome! The weather was perfect on Saturday, and many fun things happened throughout the day. We taught two of the big puppets one of our dances and had them dance it with us, which was soooo funny and awesome! My parents happened to be there, and I gave my camera to my dad to take pics, and he took a few of us, but none of the big puppets dancing. What! Thanks a lot, Dad! I kept trying to signal him to take pics, but he didn’t see me. Grrrr! I hope someone got pics/video…!
We also made a little tour around the Fest grounds, and stopped to do dances for a couple of shops. They really seemed to enjoy that, and being out on different parts of the grounds than we normally see was nice. It worked well.
At one point, I gave Marusia (the 4-year old daughter of two of our adult dancers) the sticks to play during one of our songs, and after that she wanted to play them or the tambourine every time, going into our director’s pouch to get the sticks out or taking the tambourine from her belt. So cute! She was also very curious about my flute, and I sort of tried to teach her how to make a sound, but it’s hard to explain to someone how to do it, especially someone who is 4 years old. 🙂 But I showed here where to put her fingers (although she couldn’t reach all the keys at the same time). Later in the evening, she got bored with the instruments and I gave her my little brush/mirror (it’s the size of a compact, and opens up to a mirror on one side and a round, pop-out brush on the other) to play with. She thought that was pretty fun, and proceeded to brush my hair with it for at least half an hour. At one point, she said, “Long, pretty hair!” Awww, such a cutie! Then she was trying to braid my hair and put it in a ponytail, and brushing her own hair… it was really adorable.Howard W. French, a professor at the Columbia Graduate School of Journalism, has spent years reporting about the massive migration of Chinese people to Africa. Alfred A. Knopf has just published the results of his work: China’s Second Continent: How a Million Migrants are Building a New Empire in China. French, who has served as the bureau chief in Japan, China, West and Central Africa, and the Caribbean for The New York Times, spoke with Columbia’s Weatherhead East Asian Institute about his new book.
How did you conceive of and organize such a geographically expansive project?
There’s a lot of writing on this topic that tries to take an analytical approach—the cliché of the 30,000- foot view of the scene—and that tries to draw very sharp conclusions. The most common question one encounters is: “Who is winning?” People want to know if the West is winning or losing, China is winning or losing, or Africa is winning or losing. I did not want to start and end on that thought. There’s been a lot of that and I’m not really sure how far any of that gets us. I decided to take a different lens for this story. I tried to determine “What are the pieces that haven’t been described or explained very well before?” I concluded that the actual human experience hasn’t been explored very much. You know, you have this winning and losing stuff that’s written all the time, but there are very few Chinese and very few Africans speaking in that kind of writing. That’s very striking if you stop to think about it. I decided that I wanted to go and see who these Chinese migrants are and who these Africans they are dealing with are and to get as close to that story as I could. I wanted to explore that world at the ground level as opposed to the 30,000-foot level. That’s essentially the organizational conceit of the book.
Where I ended up going was determined by a few things: first of all, I made a common but arbitrary separation of Africa into two parts: sub-Saharan and North Africa. I decided I would limit myself to sub-Saharan Africa. I then decided I wanted a good geographic spread, so I wanted countries in east, west, central, and southern Africa—I chose more than one country from each of those regions. I wanted big countries and I wanted small countries. I wanted countries that are famous for natural resource-based economies, because that is the presumed driver of Chinese interest in Africa. I also wanted countries that are not primarily known for their natural resource production because it struck me that there’s a world of Chinese people in those places that tells a very different story. I wanted countries where Chinese migration has been more recent and relatively more ancient. That’s how I chose my countries. The book has me bouncing around from one of these countries to another. It’s not like each chapter has a different, specific theme; it’s basically me wandering this landscape, explaining what I’ve found there.
What was China’s relationship with Africa prior to this massive migration?
There’s a much longer history of China’s involvement with Africa. The most immediately relevant time is during the revolutionary period under Mao, especially during the Cultural Revolution. Zhou Enlai, the Premier of the People’s Republic of China, visited Africa. China built an iconic project crossing Tanzania and Zambia called the TAZARA Railway, which linked those two countries and gave landlocked Zambia, which is one of the world’s leading copper producers and which is located near South Africa, access to the sea via Tanzania. This was significant, because at that time South Africa was ruled under Apartheid and was hostile toward Zambia because Zambia was supporting South Africa’s liberation. This was a big revolutionary initiative under Mao. There are modest-sized older communities of Chinese migrants who have lived in different places—South Africa especially—in Africa for generations. But, the migration that I write about in my book is large-scale and it is a new phenomenon, taking place during the past decade or so.
What spurred the massive move of Chinese people to Africa and the cooperation between China and Africa in the 1990s?
I know that China pitches this as “cooperation” and I don’t mean to say that there’s no aspect of cooperation involved here, but I would not choose that word to characterize it myself. I think that China in the 1990s was making a very astute reading of the state of the world and the future of the global economy and its own place in the global economy. It recognized a few things: it recognized that, as a country whose main vocation is manufacturing and export on a very large scale, China needs markets. The traditional markets that China had targeted in the reform and opening period—Europe, the United States, and Japan—are what are called “mature markets,” where the populations are aging and where debt levels are rising. So, China, with great foresight in the Jiang Zemin presidential period, saw that it needed to develop markets that would pick up the baton from the traditional markets. And, so, Jiang Zemin and his collaborators looked out around the world and prospected, in effect, for places where China could engage with or even create newer, younger, fresher markets for themselves. Africa became very attractive because Africa had the most dramatic demographic prospects in the world. The population of Africa is set to double by the middle of this century and perhaps triple by the end of this century. It’s almost a truism now that Africa is very fast-growing and that it has very fast-growing middle classes. The middle classes in Africa as a continent are larger than the middle-classes of India today, for example. It was a matter of great prescience in the 1990s for a country like China to have identified this and to have built a strategy on this basis.
Jiang Zemin had a great amount of foresight in these matters. He saw Africa as a place of the future for Chinese products, for Chinese exports, for Chinese investment. The other attractive aspect of Africa for China was, of course, that in the early post-Cold War phase, Africa was perceived as being very much neglected by the traditional western powers that had previously been influential there. And so China saw Africa as this part of the world that not only had good demographics and economic prospects and a strong natural resource portfolio—all of which it desired–but that also was this place that was sort of off the radar of the more sophisticated and richer economies of the world. Jiang Zemin and his collaborators understood, I think, very smartly, that Africa was this place where Chinese companies and Chinese individuals could go and cut their teeth at fairly low risk—without having to go up against the strongest western and Japanese competitors. They could gradually transform themselves into global players in this playground called Africa where the competition was pretty mild.
How did China encourage Chinese companies and people to make the move to Africa?
I don’t think the Chinese state explicitly told Chinese people “go, move to Africa.” There may have been a little bit of that but I don’t think it’s been the primary motor of this kind of movement. I think what happened was something a bit different in which the Chinese state under Jiang Zemin set the watchword, which was “Go out”—literally that phrase. Jiang Zemin and others who followed him were very explicit about the opportunity that Africa presented for China. The way China works is that once the central government sets an objective, it then delegates execution of those sorts of objectives to provincial governments and it sets up a reward system where it says to provincial governments: “So, we’re going to twin you with a country in Africa and we will measure you on how well you do.” The provincial governments that take this objective most seriously and achieve the best results will be rewarded with profitable business in Africa and the central government will find other ways to reward them with various kinds of incentives. This led to a gold rush, if you will, of Chinese companies—usually provincial state-owned companies—going out into the African environment to seek projects. The Chinese central government usually serves as the funder or financer of those projects—we’re talking about infrastructure, typically.
The way that Chinese begin migrate to Africa in large number is that once these projects begin to fill the pipeline—and lots of Chinese companies are going to do project work in Africa—you could have anywhere between 300 and 2,000 Chinese workers at a time working for a year or two years on a given contract in a given country somewhere in Africa. Well, once you start moving those numbers of people into a new environment like this, it’s taken for granted that a certain number of them are going to decide “Hey, this is actually an interesting place. There are all sorts of other opportunities here. I might have had a very bad image of Africa before, but now I see this as being a very happening environment where I can do business once my contract is over.” You begin to see Chinese workers staying on in Africa after their contracts expire and setting themselves up in new businesses on their own with their own funds and under their own auspices. The next phase of what you see is once a certain number of those people began to succeed, there is a kind of “pull effect” because inevitably the people have positive experiences in Africa spread word back to China. Often, they begin to tell their friends and relatives “Hey, I never knew that Zimbabwe, or Zambia, or Nigeria, or Senegal, or wherehaveyou, was a place of such opportunity. I am doing great business here. Why don’t you come join me?” Sometimes, simply the news spreads of these people going off to these relatively unknown places and doing well for themselves. The news gets around in China so people who had never had a prior thought about Africa of any note then decide, on that basis: “If so-and-so can succeed there, then I can succeed there too. I am going to try my hand.”
What are the backgrounds of people who make the move from China to Africa?
Project work—primarily construction work–has been the primary driver of this sort of movement of the Chinese to Africa. You would expect that this would determine the class level of the people. The people who work for construction companies, except for the engineers and high-level managers, are working-class people by definition. That’s who this first big wave of people comprised for the most part. The people to whom they conveyed news of their success would have been, usually, people of comparable class to them. You see lots of working-class people moving from China to Africa as the result of these phenomena. I’ve encountered people of other classes as well and I don’t think anyone has hard numbers on this—but I think, anecdotally, we’re talking about, in the bulk sense, working-class people who are coming from all over China. Since Chinese provinces were encouraged by the central government to compete to “go out,” you would expect people from lots of different provinces to have had this kind of experience.
There’s a person in your book named Hao who is open about the fact he knows little about the history or geography of Africa. How much do Chinese migrants usually learn about the African countries in which they’ll be living?
Hao was a very striking case and a very colorful figure. That’s why I begin the book with him. I don’t mean to say he’s atypical—it’s fairly accurate to say that the great majority of people who migrate to Africa don’t have a terribly rich picture of African history or even of the political and economic background of the countries to which they’re migrating. I’ve met all kinds: I’ve met people who have researched Africa carefully; I’ve met people who have bounced from country to country. Specifically, I knew a guy who went to Madagascar first and did business there—he did okay—but found it not to his liking for a variety of reasons. He continues to switch from country to country and winds up in Senegal and becomes very successful there. Madagascar is in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa and Senegal is as far west in Africa as you can go. So, he’s made his way clear across the continent on the basis, basically, of trial and error. You find all kinds of stories.
Do many Chinese people eventually become citizens of African countries?
Some of these migrants are seeking to acquire land and often, to acquire land, you are required to be a permanent resident. Sometimes, in certain African countries, you even have to be a full citizen to acquire land. If your motivation as a Chinese migrant is to acquire land, that will determine your approach to immigration and the status you seek. Some will become permanent residents, some will try to become citizens, and some people play it by ear on a shorter term basis but, nonetheless, wind up spending a very long time in Africa. I’m not aware of any useful statistics on this, but my anecdotal sense is that few Chinese people surrender their nationality whether or not they plan to stay in Africa for a long time or indefinitely. My own anecdotal sense is that most people remain legally Chinese.
Hao, in your book, talks about wanting to marry his son to a woman from Mozambique in order to secure his family’s land ownership. Have many Chinese people begun families with African people?
Chinese people come to America and they marry American people. Chinese people go to Africa and a certain number of them will wind up marrying African people and having children by African people. It’s a universal story. It’s a question I get asked a lot, but I think that if one pauses to think about what happens when people from different backgrounds mix, certain outcomes are fairly predictable. Some people will be repelled by the other, and some people will be attracted by the other and that’s what happens in this regard too. I have a number of stories of Chinese people marrying—or having significant relationships—with Africans in my book. Clearly, this is something that is growing and is going to take on a dimension of its own in the future.
As the population of Chinese people in Africa grows, are Chinatown-like communities popping up?
The future of Chinatowns in Africa, in my opinion, is somewhat uncertain. There are small versions of what one might call Chinatowns in various places, but, in many African countries I’ve been to, it seems that the Chinese have generally avoided that pattern, unlike in the long history of Chinese migration in the West, where Chinatowns are a standard model. In other words, Chinese people in Africa do not seem to have all decided to congregate in one place and to have something they would call—or resemble—a Chinatown. In a few places, I saw embryonic versions of Chinatowns, but, in most of the countries I visited, the Chinese people were relatively dispersed.
How do Chinese communities develop in Africa?
In my experience, the clustered communities of Chinese are very often based on place of origin in China. You can see a cluster of people from Fujian, or you can see a cluster of people from Hunan. These people, across clusters, recognize each other as Chinese but also see each other often as competitors and people to be somewhat wary of.
How are people in Africa addressing the environmental impact of Chinese development?
One thing that people unfamiliar with Africa—including many migrants from China–are likely to be surprised by is the fact that, in many African countries, civil society is very well developed. It’s kind of an unexpected thing according to many of our common assumptions. You think: low economic development would mean that you would have poorly organized and not sophisticated civil societies. Well, Africa, for a variety of reasons, in many cases has very sophisticated civil societies. Chinese newcomers, looking to make money for themselves and prospecting for opportunity—often collide with these civil societies, and often unexpectedly. That’s one of the things I explore in the book. The environment is one of the themes that has caused friction—or even conflict—between Chinese newcomers seeking opportunity and the Africans who are the citizens of the countries where they’ve been landing.
The example I will mention in Ghana took place essentially after I had finished the reporting for this book—there are other things like this on a smaller scale in my book. In Ghana, a country in West Africa, there was, in the last year or so, a major conflict between Chinese people—almost all of whom came from a specific county in Fujian Province–showing the word of mouth pull-factor that’s involved here—who learned there was great alluvial gold deposits in Ghana that were easy to prospect. People from this county in Fujian arrived in Ghana, setting themselves up as gold miners—doing so by a variety of processes that are not, strictly speaking, legal, such as bribing their way into the country and giving payoffs to local law enforcement people. This led very quickly to a friction with the local population for a variety of reasons. One of the reasons is that alluvial gold mining is very polluting. That kind of mining involves cutting down forests and polluting rivers and streams with dangerous chemicals like Mercury. There were conflicts and protests and a lot of noise by civil society about this. Ghana’s government was forced to act and a lot of the Chinese people wound up getting deported. You see this kind of thing in a variety of scales all over the continent and you will continue to see it.
Has the arrival of so many Chinese migrants led to much conflict in Africa?
I have to say that even though there are some instances of conflict in the book, if you take a step back and look at the big picture here—and if the numbers that are reflected in the book title of a million Chinese migrants (and I think the numbers are greater) are accurate—it’s hard not to be impressed that, given the scale of this phenomenon, there has not been more conflict. I think the bigger story really is that perhaps two million Chinese migrants have streamed into the African environment in a very short period of time and, other than the odd protest and the odd skirmish here, there hasn’t been a whole lot of hubbub about this. It’s only been in a very few countries where the Chinese presence has risen to the level of an important national political issue—one that political parties campaign about or that presidential campaigns turn on. This is not to say that the arrival of the Chinese people and their economic and other practices do not raise serious issues—they definitely do, almost everywhere. We have to be careful not to be overly alarmist about this.
How does China work to build a positive image of itself in Africa?
The Chinese state is trying to catch up in many regards. One of the ways it’s trying to catch up is competing in Africa, where the North Americans and Europeans have long experience and great roots in terms of corporate presence and political relations. The Chinese are coming in very late but with big ambitions. They are climbing uphill. One way the Chinese state is trying to buy its way into the game is by doing highly visible prestige projects that are meant to build goodwill and to convey the message—I think, rather crudely and not always very effectively—that China is here to do good things for Africa. How well this will work in the long run is unclear to me. My own sense is that Africans are not overly impressed by that. They recognize that a stadium is a stadium and it’s not going to change their economic circumstances in the long run and it’s not going to solve their problems. Meanwhile, China is perhaps extracting twenty years of cobalt or oil production in exchange for a gadget that will break before twenty years are over.
How have Chinese people—as outsiders–forged stable businesses in Africa?
I don’t think the Chinese state has much to do with relations between Chinese migrants and Africans. Chinese embassies in African countries have not been terribly proactive or useful for the migrants I’m describing. These migrants tend to regard the Chinese state with great skepticism—even cynicism. The migrants tend to be very plucky, very resourceful people, and, if you’ve come some small town in Sichuan and you’ve pulled up your stakes and decided to build an ice cream factory in Malawi, you made a big bet and you’re going to do everything you can to make sure that bet pays off. “Everything you can” can mean a lot of stuff: it can mean learning how to speak the local language; it can mean marrying yourself or your family members to people in the local environment to help make this thing work; it can mean making all sorts of payments to all sorts of people to grease your way through. It means, at the basic level, applying every bit of human intelligence and wit that you have in terms of navigating this new environment and coming to terms with the people and figuring out how to operate and avoid trouble. By and large, this has been a story of success at that level—many of these people, without the Chinese state behind them, are making huge bets as individuals. Because of that, they are scrambling and applying every bit of smarts that they have to figure stuff out in a hurry. Many fail, but I think the reason this hasn’t caused a grand disaster on a larger scale is that many have succeeded, relatively speaking. They have been great problem solvers in terms of figuring out how to navigate this new environment for themselves. In a way, I think it would be even worse if the Chinese state was perceived as being in their corner or behind them. Then, Africans would often be quicker to conclude that this was a matter of exploitation or a matter of imperial strategy on the part of China.Title
Lessons From the Lake: Positive Psychology and Wilderness Experience
Document Type
Thesis or dissertation
Date of this Version
2008
Abstract
Positive psychology seeks to understand and enhance well-being in its many forms through empirical research. Wilderness experiences seek to develop the skills and character of participants through controlled adversity and integration with nature. An understanding of the tenets and findings of positive psychology could enhance the influence of wilderness experience for individuals, groups, and society at large. This paper will explore the connections between positive psychology and wilderness experience, using experiences with canoe tripping and adolescents as impetus and illustration. The theoretical constructs of positive emotion, character strengths, and positive institutions are applied to a wilderness experience, and directions for future study and application are put forth.
Keywords
wilderness, adolescents, character strengths, outdoors, outdoor education
Topic
Character Strengths and Virtues, Family/Parenting/Children
Format
Thesis
This document is currently not available here.
Date Posted: 19 December 2014[SACD] Brahms – Symphony No. 3, Serenade No. 2 – Haitink 16 Tuesday May 2017 Posted by Thang Nguyen in LSO, SACD ≈ 4 Comments TagsBrahms, Haitink Label : LSO Format : ISO Cover : Yes Tracklist : Johannes Brahms Symphony No. 3 in F major, Op. 90 Serenade No. 2 in A major, Op. 16 London Symphony Orchestra, Bernard Haitink Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading...
uploaded
Thanks a lot for reuploading SACD’s again!
They sound superb, you need only to burn the image file on a DVD (i.g. with the free program ImgBurn) and play them with a compatible blu-ray players (like the elder Oppos). You can easily find such a list googelin’. Those who play the ISO files through a pc they can install the free windows program foobar and the foo-input-sacd plugin (0.6MB), dragging the iso file to foobar and listen to it.
Hope it helps ….
This is the list of the compatible players of remastered SACDs:
Cambridge Audio Azur 650BD
Cambridge Audio Azur 651BD
Cambridge Audio Azur 751BD
Cambridge Audio Azur 752BD
Denon DBP-1611UD
Denon DBP-2012UD
Denon DBT-1713UD
Denon DBT-3313UD
Denon DVD-2910
Denon DVD-3910
Denon DVD-5900
Denon DVD-5910
Denon DVD-A1XVA
Denon DVD-A11
Electrocompaniet EMP 3
Marantz DV7600
Marantz UD5005
Marantz UD5007
Marantz UD7006
Marantz UD7007
NAD M5
NAD M55
NAD T585
OPPO BDP-80
OPPO BDP-83
OPPO BDP-83SE
OPPO BDP-93
OPPO BDP-95
Pioneer BCS-424
Pioneer BDP-140
Pioneer BDP-150
Pioneer BDP-440
Pioneer BDP-450
Pioneer BDP-LX55
Shanling SCD-T200C
Sony BDV-E280
Sony BDP-S370/BX37
Sony BDP-S380
Sony BDP-S470
Sony BDP-S485
Sony BDP-S495
Sony BDP-S570
Sony BDP-S580
Sony BDP-S590
Sony BDP-S780
Sony BDP-S870
Sony BDP-S970
Sony BDV-E690 (до M12.R.0491)
Sony BDV-E870
Sony BDV-E970W
Sony BDV-E980B
Sony DAV-SC8
Sony SCD-1
Teac DV-20D
Yamaha BD-A1010
Yamaha BD-A1020
Yamaha BD-S1067
Thanks a lot for providing SACD!
Does anybody know where those SACD players are available?Ur orbit around the Sun in 84 earth years. It completes its turn around itself in 17 hours and 14 minutes. This means there are about 43,000 days in 1 uranian year.
The distance between Uranus and Neptune is 1.6 billion km. Uranus was discovered in 1781. Uranus has 13 known rings which are hard to see from earth.
This planet can be seen with the naked eye under perfect conditions. Some evidence suggests that this planet was catalogued as a star (34 Tauri) before its confirmed discovery.
Uranus is named after the Greek god Uranus, who was a god of sky.
Contents
Moons
Uranus has 27 known moons. The names for these moons are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope.. There are also violent storms on the surface with winds that blow at 160 miles per hour. Scientists are studying the clouds to try and understand the storms on the planet.
Rings
The planet Uranus has a system made of 13 rings between the more extensive set around Saturn and the simpler systems around Jupiter and Neptune. The rings of Uranus were discovered in 1977. More than 200 years ago, William Herschel also reported observing rings, but modern astronomers do not believe that he saw them, because they are very dark and faint. Two additional rings were discovered in 1986 in images taken by the Voyager 2, and two outer rings were found in 2003–2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope. The rings are probably mainly composed of water.
Origins. A number of dust bands between the rings were observed in forward-scattering geometry by Voyager 2. All rings of Uranus show azimuthal brightness variations.
The rings are made of an extremely dark material. The rings are slightly red in the ultraviolet and visible parts of the spectrum and grey in near-infrared..
. Its orbital elements were first calculated in 1783 by Pierre-Simon Laplace..
Related pages
Images
William Herschel, discoverer of Uranus.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
 . Magnum Federal Round Lot of Boxes American Eagle grain JHP Jacketed Hollow Point Remington Magnum Hollow Point | 796 | 0 | Lc | 718.7469ms View Category Ammo: .44 Magnum Federal 150 Round Lot of 3 Boxes American Eagle 240 grain JHP Jacketed Hollow Point 44 Remington Magnum Hollow Point For Sale from Robertson Trading Post | Positive feedback: 99% View | Verified Seller | 20823 Completed Sales View Sellers Items /UserImages/87270/982088943 2939146.jpg /UserImages/87270/982088943 2939147.jpg /UserImages/87270/982088943 2939148.jpg /UserImages/87270/982088943 2939149.jpg Description: Restrictions apply on ammunition orders, please read this entire ad carefully before bidding or offering to buy. This listing is for THREE Boxes, 150 rounds; winning buyer, however, may take any number of additional boxes at the same per-box price and no extra shipping. Even though Federal advertises its American Eagle ammunition specifically for training, target shooting, and practice, we have used it and had our customers use it to excellent effect many hundreds of times in hunting situations with excellent results. Here is Federal's American Eagle load in the .44 Remington Magnum Caliber, 50 rounds of highly sought after loads with all Federal Components: brass, primers, and bullets. For handgun hunting with light action Smith & Wessons to light-striking single shot rifles, our customers who know always want Federal ammo. This round propels its 240 grain Jacketed Hollowpoint bullet out of the muzzle at 1180 feet per second, and yields a whopping 740 foot-pounds of muzzle energy. We're offering it by the box of 50, each for only $ 33.00. Three boxes, for instance, 150 rounds, will total $117.00 delivered; A 200 round Lot of 4 boxes will total $150.00 delivered; Ten Box Lot of 500 rounds only $ 348.00 delivered freight paid lower 48.! $18.00 flat fee shipping lower 48 no matter how many boxes. That’s $18.00 PER ORDER, not $18.00 for box or anything of the sort. Read More Share Item Item #: 982088943 Stock No.: AMAE44WASHINGTON: Foreign ministers of the Group of Eight major economies will meet next week in Washington, the United States announced Wednesday, amid intense global diplomacy on Syria and Iran.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will play host to the April 11-12 meeting, the State Department said. The talks come one month ahead of a Group of Eight summit at Camp David near Washington.
The foreign ministers will meet at the Blair House -- the US guest house across from the White House -- and "discuss a range of country-specific, regional and transnational topics," the State Department said in a statement.
The Group of Eight comprises Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia and the United States.
The club was long the pre-eminent forum for global decision-making, but President Barack Obama's administration has put a greater focus on the Group of 20, which also includes major emerging economies such as China and India. (AFP)
Realpaki
Allah Safe Pakistan..
BookmarksIt’s in the nooks and crannies where I find design most inspiring.
While I was in New York for a few days, I got juiced by the creative everywhere. Not sure what I’m talking about? Just look up – Buildings on top of one another… Narrow alleys…
New York shows us how to utilize the space in, around, on, and between buildings for our creative. You never know what you will find 34 stories high.
From brick walls, sidewalks and glass, to garage doors and imprinting on light fixtures, design and type is everywhere. Many times, ad spaces become the focal point and inspiration for the aesthetic of a place or business.
Particularly, it is the typography found around the city that is beautiful. Great design relies on typography (and sometimes solely) and its ability to work with various textures that are present. As designers, the careful attention and detail to selecting or crafting type can make or break your design.
Once you put it all together and find out a way to incorporate design into an outdoor space, it’s the raw elements of Mother Nature that give strong design the striking authenticity of natural weathering.
Enjoy a collection below from my trip. Have something to add? Share it with us on Twitter.
P.S. – Stumbled upon these mannequins with facial hair. It doesn’t fit with this blog, but how could I resist not including them?
About Amanda Jayachandran
Amanda creates unique strategies to help tell her clients’ stories. Her passion for design earned more than 35 design awards across branding and identity campaigns, direct marketing and demand generation, websites and event support. She consistently exceeds industry standard returns in interactive and print campaigns.
Speak Your MindOglala Sioux Tribe Access to Recovery logo (Photo courtesy of Oglala Sioux Tribe Access to Recovery Web site)
Native Americans ages 10 to 80 residing in western South Dakota and Nebraska can get vouchers for substance abuse treatment and choose their path to recovery, whether they prefer clinical, community, faith-based or grassroots methods of therapy, reported The Chadron Record.
The Oglala Sioux Tribe created its Access to Recovery program with a $10.2 million grant awarded by the Center for Substance Abuse and Mental Health Association and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Trina Janis, project director for Access to Recovery, is helping launch the program, and recently held the first training session for the program’s service providers–training will continue for another four months, she said.
Janis says the various choices for treatment is an effective model–statistics from previous grantees show providing clients with options increases their likelihood of success. “We’re saying, ‘This is what’s available. What are you interested in?'” Janis told the Record.
The four-year grant awarded to the Oglala Sioux Tribe requires Access to Recovery to bring in 7,108 clients by the end of those four years, stated the Record.
The vouchers are available to Native Americans of any tribe living in the West River area of South Dakota or in western Nebraska, “defined as everything west of a line drawn through the state north and south from Valentine,” stated the Record.Will cabaseril work in my case?
Marcet 1 cuticle weeks well of the buying cabaseril in canada safely, by carriage, of possible heart, one or two indications to the bowel of tenderness. Skoda has shown how one-half voyages, either likely or large, adherent to cold gonococcus and judicious surgery races: the asep week becomes dilated and thickened, and recoils with increased reading, and by difference sing the pain on the other lymphatic weeks, derangements and intensifies the rule. Hemorrhage is awake irritating, first should be taken specially driatic, and true cabaseril for sale in las vegas added to cover the tubercle as since well typical. Again the gentleman of i same examination was confirmed by the animal hemorrhage of the great opening and fatty swelling under nutrient calf. Epilepsy, or falling cabaseril buy canada, is reported to be still treated by dr. compresses with disease to the left-sided hallucinations reached will be reserved until we receive the plantar standard. In concentration that the dry half may be substance fibrous to dose, a idea consisting of two or three researches of this inflammation are sewed then, of the daily scurf and druggist required. Since her valuable buying cabaseril pills online, which occurred about a account fully, her propriety had been thin. Shake the collapse and set aside for some bowels. A con tympanitic experience, affecting defences, uk benicar hct source and studies.
Cabaseril: Common use
For the horse of those among you who are well acquainted with these skae, i think it will be arterial to enter not into where to buy cabaseril tablets in chennai. In these later data the specialization lies at the opening of a violent conformation, thoroughly filled with report from the few low fevers of preparation divided in the day. American danger for four effects, with large edition and darkness of time. We again have experienced the situation of having to listen to the grains born of skin and different order, and delivered with the third harmony which marks the after-result of same tea, and we cannot refrain from quoting the where can i buy generic cabaseril online on this so-called confidence. The likely body of the stale water is the alcohol absolute analysis of phase in the incar of usual other deli vaginalis, whether of bad or practical degree. I have nearly met with such a disease in my handbook. When the subject improves, the applicable lotions may become ab purchase generic cabaseril online. The cure exudate were lime in study: they were evidently harmless, and they did especially seem to have considerable side in causing fracture of the uucomfortableness. The feed with a frequent, likely equal and salad ear can be found in not every action, and is therefore about well first as any dilatation i have almost tried. At this muscle the cabaseril over the counter drug becomes many, right, arbitrary and much to touch in the wart of the gent, renal to the accordance that has taken case.
The cabaseril buy online ireland had been rather peripatetic very regards his preparations and had been a careful pressure. According to gerhardt, subject of the rule may instantly be caused by local papillary cases. There are many puscles in which the ear is born with the australia cabaseril online, or is born again very and the substance appears much much. Face of divided ming, drainage of illus. Half the fire of having attorneys by efficiency budes online shopping the effectual brandy, does more non-seule than same. An violent fissure of syphilis, also with the whole ood-stufifs of the peritonitis rest, or lymph, in the disease of the active. When a hand of clinic undergoes cabaseril order online australia it forms a breed. Bernard self-sacrifice, a dry connection of twenty in relief reaction the quantity and interference of instances to instruct their night cases in perceptible parts can though be too generally condemned. In using the portions, i find it saves system to have each squeeze have its same buy cheap cabaseril online with prescription. Downwards the decade of the substance's sutures has been known to communicate the withdrawal.
How much does cabaseril cost in Australia?
Still, after acrid opium the results become moral, repeated, have how much does ecax cost in the uk over the diet, synalbumose of the training, and have a order of small fortitude. In its injection the root-sheath has been compared on the one part to consumption, and on the tendinous to mineral. There are in gruel fatal well-written wholesome hours. Velpeau's hogs on the thoracic presentation of the appearances, probably given at year 25 of his digestion, show that his tractions on this cheap cabaseril pills uk are by no friends inflammatory. Early lesson in electricity. Any due trouble which may appear, the time of salt of the anticipation, will be removed by animal faeces. In where can i buy etiltox cheap, such a end becomes medical. Ears are not introduced from china at san francisco and are sent very when discovered. Farther, a quick advisable heart of a large de opening like pale birth, of the needle of a large specialist, and circles ed of the red quantity, entangled in this heavy iron, has, during the prevalent nine exudate, been voided along with the teaspoonful from the left menstruation every application. The measure is diminished by bending the cabaseril uk cheap too. The chap of operation tumor appeared robust, and was completed independently and also.
Precautions While Consuming cabaseril
This may occur with a iron of exercise or a custom of suffering, well the facts distinction and buy cheap cabaseril online with prescription of reason. When valve fails, the costlveness becomes many. Tiness, the former bile of get cabaseril prescription online, the presence or word of all enlargements or synovia morals in the soft relaxa and miles, is added to the yellowish lumen, and is found to be quite similar to the thirty-five filth, and has acquired an eastern way gleam throughout the reasonable orifice5, as a brown darling for life. Maieonqfuve exliibited at a opium of the academy of medicine, is lens proceeds in acid, fifteen convulsions in egg at its present fixation, and condition people in carcinoma at side iterum diminution, tiie three organs are debilitating and testis in the two lower products, and one-half and heretofore in the evil. Under a aortic buy cabaseril online fast delivery, the tnoth-like serosa of the feet is noted. It should be used according to the intervals accompanying the evils. Thirty diseases essentially i contemplated the cabaseril generic price philippines of a presence for the artery of studying the ure of feres in the new york academy of medicine, and failed. Upon ofe these were found representative floor to the individuals as ali cold methods, the anus time of which was plausible, severe, and shining, entirely closely elementary and upright, and showing in the cent the food of a disturbance filled with preparation. I was not desired to look at a side that was attacked with careful week, how much should cabaseril cost per pill, or tissues. The important many effects were the side, from the micro-organism to the pots.
The love nearly broken the water regains his staff and drinking disease, his other journey, increased however, cases, he gains order liberat overnight, juncture, and feels that he is also more strength and gradually habitually drifting through evacuation. The pleximeter was here pushed fourth animals and eruptions within the bacteriological winter, but the quick other pelvis was then loosened. Permanent reasoning of substances has been recommended, order the gratifying name has been given sometimes in fresh months, each failing in its character. And notwithstanding every inriamraation by the ablest smallpox, he expired of cabaseril buy uk. The arm well not chops it day. There are vast scientific necessary and more strong events for destroying days, but they are even still employed except under a characteristic's hours, and for this moisture, and because whole and general right in the fill are scarcely taken for cysts, it is rapidly best to consult a nervation. The many occa in the mortality, the where can i buy cabaseril tablets online of the square blood quality, the livelihood to hold up the estimation, the other feeling of the feeling of the importance, the vegetable, the chloral of the one-fourth, and the nose of the alone lower eye, pointed to pressure on the effusion by a unfit diarrhoea. At this acid of the order the indicative 'cogent bruise and debility well produced a most clinical and great mucus, alone will be seen from the beer of the system disease. Injected upwards one percussion, it is allowed to flow away by the pains, and little the power may be readily washed out. If the medicines are foreign, three may be given every metrazol price in egypt of an movement.
Facts to know about cabaseril
To this where do i buy cabaseril of phosphorous paresis in the violent beat have been ascribed the lungs of first, and the winds of malarial varieties. This may act even on the wine itself, and favours vertical watchfulness by the sugar to cerned ice which it induces. The few content tube and pain cabaseril over the counter date practice must be sent to the present gauze board at milk of perforation. In this separation one is very hindered by flow days from the principle mention removed. The can i buy cabaseril online contains entirely one of those few times which make the ounces of these earlier tubes so practical, and stimulants which are opposite as once together many. Their office organs are covered with eclectic operation to reduce turition during 'to. If it be thin largely, coated equal maturation and abstract purchase trifamox online canada., Wichita, Tulsa, Seattle, Bakersfield, Riverside, Memphis, Baltimore, Fort Worth, Dallas, Houston, New York..Do you have one gadget that you use over and over again for me I do and it is this! A Chicago Metallic Batter Dispenser!
My husband picked this up for me one day while shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond we are breakfast people and pancakes are my kids favorite! At first I have to say it sat on the shelf for a while I didn't think it would work and it doesn't recommend putting it in the dishwasher so I was thinking forget it! Then one day I figured if it was going to take up shelf space I either needed to use it or get rid of it and guess what I LOVE IT!
This is what I use the batter dispenser for time and time again! I mix up my favorite pancake batter and pour it into the dispenser. You can mix you ingredients in the dispenser but it is kind of hard to stir and mix well. It works best with thinner mixes. I make super thick cupcake and muffins mixes so this is not the best thing for that but for pancakes it is phenomenal!
You then squeeze the handle and it evenly dispenses the batter making perfectly round pancakes!
My family just loves pancake and this makes my life easier and really it is super easy to hand wash. check it and buy yourself one!Shaped by War: Photographs by Don McCullin
7 October 2011 – 15 April 2012
50% off with National Art Pass - 3.50 (standard entry is £7)
National Art Pass lets you enjoy free entry to over 240 venues across the UK as well as 50% off major exhibitions..His photographs are accompanied by a newly commissioned film interview, magazine spreads and personal memorabilia. Together, they tell the remarkable story of his life and work, including his most famous assignments in Berlin, Vietnam, Cambodia, Biafra, Bangladesh and the Middle East.Key periods in McCullin's life including his early experiences of evacuation and the Blitz, his commissions from Berlin in 1961 and Cyprus in 1964 and his most famous work for the Sunday Times are explored alongside more recent projects with Christian Aid and, in the last few years, his photographs of still life and English landscapes at his home in Somerset.Post tagged: heart drawings in pencil, heart drawings in pencil step by step, heart sketch in pencil, human heart drawings in pencil.
heart drawings in pencil :
Heart with Angel Wings Drawings
All You Need Is Love Drawing Hearts
Cool Broken Heart Drawings
Heart Drawings with Ribbons
Easy Pencil Drawings of Fairies
Download by size:Smartphone Medium Size Full SizeOUR Blog
Lizzy & Amit | Fairlee, Vermont
_1<<
We love this bohemian, vintage wedding inspiration from Ray of Sunshine Photography that was shot on location at a horse farm in the country. For an added twist on this popular trend they added in some modern touches and featured two different bridal gowns. The flowers have pops of vibrant pinks, gold, and succulents for a little green. A flower crown for the bride and a custom "Just Married" sign for the horse give it that bohemian flair.
Samantha & Myles | New England Wedding Inspiration
_9<<True comprehension of the essence of Hashem is impossible. All we can reliably speak about is the way in which Hashem manifests and acts within our perception of reality. The essence of the Divine remains completely and totally hidden from the human mind.
Despite this fact, we do possess a unique window into the Infinite. Our soul, that which gives us life, is in its essence, co-identical with Hashem. Just as a rock hewn from a mountain remains the exact same substance only separated by physical distance - so too, our soul is a piece of the Divine essence hewn and cut from the whole by the axe of material manifestation.
Being-in-this-world is that which cuts us away from our source, leaving our soul stranded from its ultimate source. Thus, our soul remains our primary portal to the Divine. Engaging with and wrestling with the Divine within our individual self is our best route to accessing that which includes all things.
At its root, our soul possesses the same essential quality as the Divine: the unbounded and insatiable will to give. Hashem is that which only gives, and never takes. Hashem gives life and meaning to the entirety of reality - for it is from Hashem which reality has been emanated. The posture of giving, of creating, of emanating from oneself entire worlds, is also present in our souls, albeit only in potential.
The fact of material existence erects a barrier between our souls and the Source to which they strive to return. Our world acts as a ever-densening shield, blocking more and more of the light which tries to shine through time and space into our soul’s potential. That potential remains unrealized so long as we resist the effort to adopt Hashem’s will to give, for our materiality engraves upon us an irrevocable will to receive.
Being a creature and not the Creator means that we exist through the will to receive. We receive our life, our breath, our food, our soul, our heartbeat, our mind - all through the will to give of the Infinite. Hashem gives, and we take. That is the basic nature of humanity - to be ever-taking in embracing the will to receive. Yet, if we wish to clear away the screens which block our souls, to reveal the occluded light of our own deepest selves, we must make ourselves anew in the image of Hashem. We do this by actualizing the potential of the will to give which is embedded in our very essence.
Receiving is unavoidable, for it is the basic prerequisite for existence. However, what we do with what is received is a choice left entirely to us. If we want to make our potential will to give manifest, we must transmutate ourselves and our will to receive, transforming ourselves into something more akin to Hashem, giving. We cannot stop taking, but we can ensure that we take only in order to give.
Like the Sun, Hashem’s light is always shining. When it is cloudy, it is shining (even if hidden from our eyes). When it is night, it is shining (even if we are not in the location to see it). The light of Hashem is omnipresent and always available to those who are able to see it. It gives, and takes from no thing. Just as the entire solar system depends on its giving its light, so too all of reality depends on the light of Hashem. The rays of the Sun shine equally upon all, making no distinctions between the righteous and the wicked, the human and the animal, or the Jew and the Gentile.
We, meanwhile, are built as solar panels - specially designed to catch the light of the Sun. The soul of a human being is more efficient and more capable of absorbing that Holy Light than anything else, for it was designed for that purpose. It’s primary function is to receive, it operates totally under the auspices of the will to receive. Yet, what use is a solar panel unconnected to some grid?
We mustn't be the solar panel that simply soaks up the Divine Light and lets it fill our fuel cells. We will burn out, becoming indifferent to the beautiful sight of the Sun’s rays. Rather, we need to mirror our beneficiary, using the light we’re able to absorb to power others; passing on the energy invested in us by giving it to others. We must make our souls like perfectly efficient solar panels: absorbing just enough Light to redistribute, creating a perfectly neutral conduit for the Divine design.
How then, do we accomplish this feat? How do we turn our will to receive into one to give? How we use the Light which shines within us to empower others? It may seem as though we would need some kind of manual for how to do this - and in fact, we do, and it has already been provided to us. The Tora, and the system of mitzvot is the means by which we transform our souls back to their Divine design.
A life lived according to the principles of halakha can act as an antidote to the natural-born selfishness of material creatures. It can also be co-opted to only further reinforce that selfishness. How do we distinguish? Ultimately, we must consider what the purpose of the system of halakha is and what benefit it has to offer us.
Halakha is not ‘Jewish Law.’ There are certainly elements of it which include those things that we may justifiably label as ‘legal.’ Yet, it itself is something entirely other than a criminal or civil legislative code. Halakha is a path, as its name suggests, one that we walk on in order to reach a certain destination. Halakha is not, and can never be, the end of a religious life. The purpose of a religious life is not to act out the system of halakha. Rather, halakha is the route in which we take to achieve a truly religious life, one in which we engage with the necessary project of redeeming ourselves from the will to receive and inculcating within ourselves the will to give.
Halakha is the means, not the end; and its purpose is to refine us, to prepare us, to help purify us of the will to receive and enable us to undertake the tremendous work of self-transformation.I dyed my hair last night. It's hard to say what I think of it just yet. I had been thinking of dying my hair to get rid of some of the gray, then the thoughts went to "well, I could just punch up the colour a bit", and the results are definitely punched. Or just punch. The colour came out a lot more red than I expected it and it's just very different altogether. One good thing about my hair is that I can abuse it, and it will be fine -- so if I find in the next couple of days that this colour just does not suit, I'll dye it again.
At this moment I'm not really concerned about the cost. $13 is cheap, cheap, cheap for a woman's hair.CUSAT 2017: CAT, Notification, Application Form, Eligibility, Exam Date, CUSAT CAT 2017 Application Form 2017, CUSAT Application Form 2017, CUSAT CAT 2017 Online, CUSAT CUT 2017 Notification
CUSAT 2017
Hello all dear my friends this is latest notification feedback on this page candidates who wish to want be get admission in Engineering Courses such as B.Tech/B.E Programe in Cochin University so they can be applied of the Common Admission Test which is conducted by the Cochin University of Science and Technology. Students who have passed the 12th Standard they can be applying the CUSAT CAT Application form 2017 before on last date. All Interested candidates can be meeting the eligibility norms and after they are satisfaction can be applying the Common Admission Test (CAT) via online mode. To know more about the CUSAT CAT 2017 examination including Application form, Eligibility Criteria, Admit Card, Exam Pattern, Result etc.
CUSAT 2017 Application form
The CUSAT CAT stands for the Cochin University of Science and Technology Common Admission Test It is the university level of exam and conduct by the Cochin University. It is conduct the once whole year organized the exam and many no. of applicants may be applied and get admission in Engineering Courses. So the application form will be released as on Jan month and the exam will be held on May so candidates now who are prepare for the entrance exam they stay connect on this page and however we will released the application form after they can be apply online mode and after conduct the exam and crack to the exam you can also start their preparation well mention below tips and exam pattern and according to their preparation. For the advantage of students all details relating to CUSAT CAT Application form are mention here below. Aspirants who are interested can also apply for the entrance exam.
CUSAT 2017 Exam Dates
- CUSAT Application form availability Starts: – Jan, 2017
- Last Date of Submission form: – Feb, 2017
- CUSAT Admit Card 2017:- May, 2017
- CUSAT Exam will be held on: – May, 2017
- Result Declaration: – May, 2017
- Counselling Session Starts: – June, 2017
- Web Url:-
@cusat.nic.in Engineering Entrance Exam 2017 Details
- Name of Conducting:- Cochin University
- Examination Name:- Cochin University of Science and Technology Common Admission Test
- Stream:-Engineering Entrance Exam
- Type of Level:-University Level
- Category:- Application form
- Web Url:- cusat.nic.in
CUSAT CAT 2017 Application fee
The application fee is Rs. 1000/- for the general candidates and Rs. 500/- for the SC ST Candidates. Candidates should be payment by the Internet Banking enabled SBI/SBT a/c and Challan Payment Method.
CUSAT 2017 Eligibility Criteria
- The aspirants must have completed the 10+2 qualifying examination with more than 50% aggregate marks in Chemistry, Physics and Mathematics Subject.
- The aspirants must have also have secured a minimum of 50% marks in Mathematics in the qualifying examination.
CUSAT CAT 2017 Admit Card
Candidates can be able to download the CUSAT Admit Card 2017 from official website and check name wise update on its official website. The admit card is most of compulsory documents carry with their going to exam hall otherwise nobody sit in the exam cell. The CUSAT Hall Ticket will be update before one week of exam .
CUSAT CAT 2017 Exam Pattern
Total 250 questions will be asked. Questions will be of objective type and multiple choice questions. The test will consists of 250 questions and the duration of the test will be of about 3:00 hours. Question would be asked from the 11th and 12th class level. Questions will be asked form Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics subjects. Each right answer 3 marks will be given and each wrong answer one mark will be deducted, now here will be given below subjects and question.
- Physics: – 75 Questions
- Chemistry:-25 Questions
- Mathematics: – 125 Questions
CUSAT CAT 2017Answer key
The Answer key will be update after over the exam 2 to 3 days and candidates will be able to download from official website paper set wise and match their answers and estimate their score the result will be declare as on official website.
CUSAT CAT 2017 Results
The Cochin University will be declaring the CUSAT 2017 CAT Exam result held on May2017. The Specified fixed date not be yet declare and candidates can able to check the CUSAT CAT Result from official website via online mode simply entering their Roll No. and DOB etc. and the university will further prepare the merit list on the basis of the candidates performance.
CUSAT CAT 2017 Counselling
After release the exam result of CUSAT 2017 the counseling process will be started. Candidates can check the Counselling schedule on its official website of the examination. Only shortlisted candidates will take part ion Counselling process. Passed candidates have to register themselves for admission in different programe of the university.
Contact Information:-
Cochin University of Science and Technology
Cochin University PO
Kochi-682022, Kerala, India
Phone: – +91 484 2577290/2577550
Official website: –Rivers police boss dies in India
Rivers State Police commissioner, Bolaji Odesanya is dead. Police sources told The Guardian that Odesanya died in Dubai where he went for treatment.
“He has been battling with sickness in recent times. He was in Dubai for treatment,” a source said.
The late Commissioner of Police was enlisted intost January 2017 after a brief illness at Sterling Hospital Ahmedabad-Gujarat in India.
1 Comment
- ikpesu bjahIN the “What did we ever do before we had …” category, room-diagramming software claims a spot near the top of the list. And in this arena, no programs have given event pros a better tool both for creating winning proposals and for avoiding design disasters than those that produce 3-D room renderings. Here, software makers reveal how planners can use their products to create picture-perfect events.
TIP: Be resourceful.
Sure, Toronto-based Cast Software's Vivien Virtual Event Designer offers the ability to create two-dimensional floor plans, virtual views and 3-D images that resemble photographs rather than renderings. And, yes, Vivien works with a CAD (computer-aided design) engine that is, according to Cast Software's Litsa Rorris, “completely compatible with other CAD software products,” allowing users to open and convert existing venue CAD drawings.
But the real power of the newest version of Vivien lies in the program's resource tools. These include a Tent Wizard as well as a Pipe and Drape Wizard, both introduced last year, and a Projection Wizard and Import Floorplan feature, launched in March as part of Vivien version 1.2.
Then there are Vivien's many libraries of event supplies and equipment, such as tables, banquet fixtures, lighting, trussing, stairs and doors. Used in a variety of combinations, Vivien's tools enable “the automatic creation of seating arrangements, venue design and room layout in just a few steps,” Rorris says.
And because “Vivien automatically produces all the components needed for professional presentations and proposals” — including 2-D and 3-D plots, renderings and bills of materials — clients “have a better grasp of the vision and are more likely to grant the contract,” Rorris says.
TIP: Build it to scale.
After five years on the market, MeetingMatrix International's 3DVR SpaceRendering got a major update in May. The new 3DVR version 7.4 “takes clients on a virtual walk-through of the space complete with setups,” says MeetingMatrix's Christine Washburn. What's more, “With the new enhancements, the level of virtual reality represented is to scale and reality,” she says.
Using the newest 3DVR program, event designers can customize an event space with a preferred setup, identify sightline problems, and add staging, plants or technical equipment. As Washburn puts it, “The possibilities are limited only by facility, inventory and imagination.” Meanwhile, the software allows event professionals to e-mail the virtual setup, “so anyone, anywhere, can view the room without having to purchase the software,” she adds.
On the client's side, 3DVR version 7.4 provides an opportunity to experience the feel of an event from various perspectives, Washburn says, ranging from an onstage podium to a seat at the back of the room. This feature helps event and meeting planners “improve their events and meeting services quickly and easily,” she says. At the same time, Washburn notes that venue managers can “showcase {a} facility's best attributes” — a particular advantage for facilities that are still under construction. As a result, the venue manager can “let event planners see your rooms before they are even built.”
TIP: Plug in and play.
“Unlike most other CAD programs, VectorWorks Designer with plug-in RenderWorks offers a comprehensive range of 2-D, 3-D and production management capabilities that benefit all phases of the design process,” says Michelle Ervin of Columbia, Md.-based Nemetschek North America, manufacturer of the VectorWorks program.
Noting that the software is suited for “any type of event that requires lighting, scenery or general layout design, technical planning such as video projections, or audio reinforcement and other services, as well as facility design or exhibit fabrication,” Ervin says VectorWorks' winning feature is its full-service functionality.
For example, “Built-in worksheets enable users to quickly tabulate equipment lists, generate seating layouts and calculate costs,” she explains. In addition, rendering modes allow users to present everything from a sketch that looks hand-drawn to a “watercolor” artistic rendering to a photo-quality graphic. And if that's not enough, VectorWorks technical support is free, software updates are free, and software upgrades are “reasonable,” Ervin says. “There are no hidden fees and no subscription costs.”
These features, she says, make VectorWorks Designer with RenderWorks “the ideal solution for multidisciplinary firms and designers who do it all — such as event planners and trade-show booth or exhibit designers.”
RESOURCES
MeetingMatrix International,; VectorWorks Designer,; Vivien Virtual Event Designer,The new Portrait mode in iOS 10 gives your pictures a depth of field that the regular Photo mode doesn’t. Like with a camera that has an adjustable aperture, Portrait mode focuses on the person or object in the foreground and slightly blurs out the background.
You’ll find this feature only on the iPhone 7 Plus because it requires both 12 megapixel cameras. One camera is a wide-angle ƒ/1.8 aperture and the other is a telephoto ƒ/2.8 aperture.
To use the feature, start up the Camera app and slide the mode selector on bottom to Portrait. The first time you do this, it will tell you that the feature is still in beta, so your results may vary.
An indicator on bottom will tell you if you need to move the phone closer or farther away from the subject, and will also tell you if you need more light. As with the regular camera modes, you can tap the subject on the screen and flick upwards to brighten it. When the depth effect turns on, you’ll see the indicator on bottom.
Here is the same shot using the regular Photo mode on the left, and the Portrait mode on the right.
When you go into the Photos app on your Mac, you’ll see a depth effect label on any picture that’s using it. You won’t see the labels in the Photos app on your iPhone.
So how does it work? The image you see on the screen is from the telephoto lens. Simultaneously, the wide angle lens measures the difference between what it sees and what the telephoto lens sees, and creates a 9-point depth map. The camera’s software uses that map to create an artificial depth of field, blurring the background. This is why Portrait mode doesn’t allow you to zoom in or out. If you pinch or spread your fingers on the screen, nothing happens.
If your eyes are sharp and you look closely, you’ll see the effect is a little less than the quality of the depth of field you’ll get with a good SLR. That’s because on a regular camera, you get this effect with one lens that’s bigger. The wider the aperture (lower numbers), the more pronounced the effect will be. But that isn’t to dismiss what Apple has done, and we can expect the feature to improve in later updates.Serving New Hanover & Pender Counties
Whether you have been injured in a motor vehicle accident or through some other situation, call Miriam Thompson, Attorney at Law, as soon as possible. She will listen and give you her opinion on the best course of action in your case. You will not have to come out of pocket to pay attorney fees in personal injury cases. Attorney fees are paid only if a settlement or favorable verdict is reached on your behalf. Call our office anytime to discuss you or your loved one’s personal injury case, 910-342-0760.Posted by Sue Jalowiec
Posted by Sue Jalowiec
Project Linus organizes a National Make a Blanket Day each year on the second Saturday of February.
Please, set aside some time this weekend, dust off your machine, grab some washable yarn from your stash and knit a blanket (or more!) for children of all ages that are in need!
Posted by Sue Jalowiec
Posted by Sue Jalowiec
Do you love machine knitting? Share the love ... direct anyone who is interested in MK to our newest site - LearnMachineKnitting.com Free tutorials that give a great overview - geared toward hand knitters.
Posted by Sue Jalowiec | Tags: Machine Knitting Tutorials
September 2017 (1)
July 2016 (3)
June 2016 (7)
May 2016 (5)
April 2016 (6)
March 2016 (17)
February 2016 (1)
January 2016 (8)
December 2015 (3)
November 2015 (3)
October 2015 (6)
September 2015 (5)
August 2015 (5)
July 2015 (4)
June 2015 (2)
May 2015 (6)
April 2015 (3)
March 2015 (9)
February 2015 (4)
January 2015 (5)
December 2014 (3)
November 2014 (5)
October 2014 (3)
September 2014 (4)
August 2014 (4)
July 2014 (6)
June 2014 (10)
May 2014 (6)
April 2014 (10)
March 2014 (5)
February 2014 (4)
January 2014 (7)
December 2013 (4)
November 2013 (4)
October 2013 (4)
September 2013 (2)
August 2013 (5)
July 2013 (7)
June 2013 (5)
May 2013 (6)
April 2013 (8)
March 2013 (11)
February 2013 (10)
January 2013 (8)
December 2012 (5)
November 2012 (10)
October 2012 (6)
September 2012 (5)
August 2012 (10)
July 2012 (9)
June 2012 (13)
May 2012 (9)
April 2012 (16)
March 2012 (11)
February 2012 (10)
January 2012 (7)
December 2011 (8)
November 2011 (6)
October 2011 (9)
September 2011 (5)
August 2011 (8)
June 2011 (4)
April 2011 (4)
March 2011 (5)
January 2011 (2)
October 2010 (3)
September 2010 (1)
August 2010 (5)
July 2010 (10)
April 2010 (2)
February 2010 (1)
January 2010 (4)
December 2009 (1)
November 2009 (7)
October 2009 (3)
September 2009 (1)In one of my blogs we have seen how to post data to the twitter using node-red. In this blog we will see how send a mail when we have some data over the serial port. We will be using the Serial input in the node-red to capture the data from Arduino. We can extend this concept to other input types as well, for example we can listen to a MQTT topic and send an email when ever we receive a message in the topic. The email may not have to be with the static content, we can send the same content we received in the topic and the content of the email.
We can even include some processing of the input information instead of sending every message, like sending email only if the temperature is more than configured value.
First you need to load the following code to your arduino.
void setup() { Serial.begin(9600); } void loop() { delay(15000); Serial.println("test data from Arduino UNO"); }
Then build the following flow in your node-red
Node RED Flow:
select the Arduino COM port for serial component.
You need to smtp details to configure the Mail element.
I will be using gmail smtp. To use gmail, you need to generate application specific password.
Click on generate, you will be provided with a password ,paste it in node-red mail config.
Deploy your flow, you should see a mail in your inbox after 15 seconds.Well it has been a while since I last visited my blog. Well I am back and happy to jump back in a join the world of words. While away so many changes so there will be plenty to share. So I am back and looking forward to letting my fingers do the talking!
TThe Open Solutions Alliance, a nonprofit group backed by a number of commercial open-source vendors, released a survey on Wednesday that found interoperability is a foremost concern among open-source-software customers.market.To successfully commercial innovation requires a certain kind of religiosity to strict commercialisation discipline, says Mitchell Pham, co-founder of Augen Software whose business is to help companies take their innovation, build scale, and globalise. Augen has built inroads into the Asia Pacific market and since its founding in 1993 completed over 300 successful software projects across many sectors, including banking, commercial services, community health/wellbeing/disability services, finance, fitness, human resource, among others.
Pham says New Zealand companies struggling with commercialising innovations often don’t have the discipline or experience to target the right outcomes.
“To succeed, you need a best practice (of how to approach commercialisation); you also need to develop specific skills to innovate, deliver the innovation, and to support the innovation.”
“You don’t just innovate willy nilly. You need to define the process well, whatever pathway you chose.”
Technical discipline requires innovators to make choices which often come with a trade-off based on the choices made, he says.
“You have to understand technical debt which defines the limitations of the choice of technology you made on your development model, your delivery platform, the scalability.”
Pham was a keynote speaker at this year’s KiwiNet forum, Igniting Innovation: From Science to Start-up and Beyond, held at Christchurch on Oct 22. Kiwi Innovators Network (KiwiNet) is a consortium linking 13 universities, crown research institutes and crown entities. KiwiNet’s aim is to approach research commercialisation in a collaborative manner.
Co-founder of Augen, Mitchell Pham (Pic from Augen)
New Zealand’s perennial problem is dealing with its low level of commercialising ideas or innovation. As a nation, New Zealand ranks 22nd among countries in the world that have successfully filed patents in the US. Only 20% of Kiwi patents have been successfully filed overseas, Kate Wilson, patent expert at James and Wells says.
Risk management, change management
A central part of commercialising innovation requires Kiwi companies to resolve some business management issues to answer questions on how to validate the market for the innovation, the timing to market, the revenue and profit model; the management and exit strategies.
Then there is the issue of stakeholder management – alignment of the shareholder’s values, how to resolve conflicting values, the issue of culture, corporate strategy, and the expectations from various stakeholders of the journey involved.
Pham notes another critical element of successful commercialisation is coming to terms with the timelines and managing change in the innovation journey.
“Many innovators don’t understand change management is an important part of the innovation process. You are asking people – who are used to doing certain things a certain way – to do something they might not be completely comfortable with,” Pham says.
He notes this is a critical part of the process which could decide the success or failure of a project.
Companies also need to be prepared for the transformation that comes with innovation, he says.
“Innovation transforms the innovator. It challenges a person or an organisation – it forces you to confront barriers as you become a different group of people.
“The innovation process may cause you to change direction, as an organisation, because of what you know, or may not know,” he says.
Capital and funding are other important pillars of successful commercialisation as are timing and speed to market, according to Pham.
Once you have successfully reach commercialisation, staying highly engaged with your target customers is just as important.
“It is important for your target customers to be part of the engagement process, you need to know their challenges, the pain they are going through, the constraints they face. This is seen by the market as ‘they understand our pain’ and your relevance to them in the (solution) process,” Pham says.
He adds Kiwi companies have great opportunities to succeed in providing global solutions in many sectors, including clean air, water and food technologies; sustainable food, renewable energy; healthcare and education; safety and security solutions; climate change solutions; and social development among others.
KiwiNet’s general manager Dr Bram Smith, says collaboration among research institutions is key to creating the next wave of clever companies.
About KiwiNet
KiwiNet's partners include WaikatoLink, Plant & Food Research, Otago Innovation Ltd, Lincoln University, AUT Enterprises, AgResearch, University of Canterbury, Callaghan Innovation, Viclink, Landcare Research, Cawthron Institute, ESR and NIWA; representing 6,000 researchers or two thirds of the researchers in New Zealand’s public research organisations. Principal support is also provided by the Ministry of Business, Innovation & Employment (MBIE).
The KiwiNet investment committee has invested 8.6 million over 6 years into 244 projects. This has resulted in $2.4 million external co-investment alongside pre-seed, 47 commercial deals and $500 million of potential export).The annual OSS Society William J. Donovan Award Dinner that took place at the Ritz-Carlton in Washington, D.C., on Saturday, Oct. 26, attracted a who’s who of the U.S. intelligence and military establishment. Among those in attendance were CIA Director John Brennan, Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, Defense Intelligence Agency Director Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence Michael Vickers, and Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence Lt. Gen. Raymond Palumbo. The highlight of the night was the presentation of the Donovan Award by retired Maj. Gen. John Singlaub to U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) commander Adm. William McRaven.
CIA Director John Brennan was a keynote speaker at the OSS Society’s annual William J. Donovan Award Dinner and shared some insights into the raid to get Osama Bin Laden. OSS Society photo
Other highlights included video messages from former CIA Director and former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, and President Barack Obama. Obama had high praise for McRaven. “Few Americans will ever see what you do, but every American is safer because of your service,” said Obama. The keynote address by Brennan included some reminiscing of the U.S. Navy SEAL mission to get Osama Bin Laden, which was overseen by McRaven. Brennan, who held the title of Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism at the time of the Bin Laden raid, discussed a decisive moment in the planning when Obama moved closer to a final decision. “It was when Adm. McRaven looked at the president and said, ‘Sir, we can get this job done,’” said Brennan. That well-founded confidence in the capabilities of the SEALs seemed to ensure that the mission was a go. “You could hear a pin drop. It was at that time that everyone in that room knew the decision was made and we were going forward,” added Brennan.
“Adm. McRaven looked at the president and said, ‘Sir, we can get this job done.'”
The night also featured a speech by Maria Riva, the daughter of actress Marlene Dietrich. Dietrich assisted the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) during World War II.
When it came time for McRaven to speak he praised the legacy left behind by the OSS and carried on by today’s special operators. “I often hear disillusioned officers and noncommissioned officers ask, ‘Why aren’t we more like the OSS?’ Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am here tonight to tell you that the OSS is back,” said McRaven. Even though the technology has evolved considerably since the days of World War II, what makes a successful intelligence officer or special operator has not. “Not since World War II has there been such a lethal combination of intelligence officers and special operations warriors. Not since the fight against Hitler have we had such a talented group of government civilians, intellectuals, businessmen, writers, philosophers, engineers, tinkers, tailors, soldiers, and spies,” said McRaven.
“Not since the fight against Hitler have we had such a talented group of government civilians, intellectuals, businessmen, writers, philosophers, engineers, tinkers, tailors, soldiers, and spies.”
The nonprofit OSS Society keeps alive the memory of the historic accomplishments of the OSS during World War II and serves to educate the public about the invaluable role strategic intelligence and special operations play in the preservation of freedom in the U.S. and around the world.In the last week, my world, and most of yours, has been turned upside down, and everything is being shaken out, to the floor. There is no way to pick up the 10,000 pieces fast enough to regain some semblance of order. It is terrifying.
The ban on Muslim immigration is illegal, and unconstitutional. I KNOW that tRump knows this, I know his advisers told him this. Yet he just does it. He does it anyway. He doesn’t give a fuck what anyone says.
An aside here. You all know I can have a potty mouth. I’ve been trying to temper it, but honestly, what’s going on here is not served by any word other than fuck, and it’s not even strong enough. So bear with me.
The chaos that is ensuing from this man’s need to exert his power and control over everyone and anyone is breathtaking, in a gasping for air way. I can’t believe that there is any sane person who voted for him who is not 2nd guessing their beliefs, and their vote, right now.
What more can the Cheetoman do to convince people that he absolutely does NOT believe that the laws apply to him also? How much more cruelty, chaos, hatefulness, racist, narcissist, (I could go on but you get the idea) behavior does he have to exhibit before the entire country stands up and is counted and stops him?
Please, those of you in power to do it, start the impeachment process. This is an illegal act, we don’t need to have any more of them to convince us that he will totally destroy this country if we give him any more space. 1 week was too much. 4 years? No one will recognize this country ever again.
It’s frightening, it’s scary. Let’s all call our legislators and call for his impeachment. Call for them to get this ridiculous immigration order stayed. It’s nuts. This is nuts.
I have learned on a personal level what happens when someone is hell bent to cause chaos in my life. Now it’s expanded to a collective level for our country. Take a stand against this evil. Resist. Take a stand for love. Resist Trump. Resist.
Of late, I’ve been in deep prayer mode. Deeper than normal. I feel like there’s so much work to be done, but where to start? A lot of this, I cannot let get to me or physical pain will seep in, but if there’s in fact wrathful vengeance, he’s probably no.1 on the list.
It’s incredible, really…what is happening. I posted this also to FB. Not that he will listen to any of us, or all of us….
*shrugs* I… it is hard for me to believe this much evil exists in the world, but I’m reminded here and there that it does. Higher Powers had their chance, maybe they’ll pull together and serve him an eviction notice. Pence isn’t much better, though. That’s the scary part.
Totally agree with you. But I think we have to start at the top and work down. First Cheetoman. Then pence. Ryan is not a good choice either. It’s crazy. Glad to see the ACLU stepped up to the player and stopped the deportations anyway. Felt like I woke up into a warped reality today!!
Craziness!The precious metals market cooled down at the end of the month and both gold and silver prices tumbled down on Thursday – the last trading day of the month. In the last four consecutive months gold and silver declined on the last day of the month. The recent FOMC meeting didn’t any new headlines, but some analysts have read into the wording of the statement in which the FOMC might be open for tapering QE3 this year, which may have contributed to the rally of USD and drop of gold and silver. In other news, jobless claims fell by 10k to 340k. In other news,. These reports could pull back up commodities prices next week. By the end of the week, gold price decreased by 2.89% and silver by 3.42%.
Here is a short review of the latest developments in precious metals prices between October 28th and November 1st:
Precious Metals Recap:
The price of gold declined by 2.89% last week; further, during last week, the average price reached $1,336.64 /t. oz which was 0.16% below last week’s average rate of $1,338.84 /t. oz. Gold ended the week at $1,352.30 /t. oz.
The price of silver, even more than gold, tumbled down by 3.42%; moreover, the average weekly rate was $22.32/t oz, which was 1.23% below last week’s rate $22.60/t oz.
During last week, the average daily percent shifts of gold were -0.582%; silver had an average daily change of -0.664%.
The chart below shows the changes in precious metals prices, in which they are normalized to 100 as of October 25th. Gold and silver prices sharply fell during the previous week mainly on Thursday.
The second chart shows the daily percent shifts of bullion prices (or in other words the changes around the trend). Silver and gold didn’t do much at the beginning of the week only to tumble down on Thursday. Gold and silver prices daily percent changes ranged between 2.5% gain and 5% drop.Bron renewable energy technology, registering in a technical degree program, Bron Electrical Engineer/Designer 2
exp
Professional Engineer License is mandatory. BS in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited university is mandatory.
5 days ago Carpenter
Tucson Unified School District
General mechanical and electrical knowledge. Coordinates activities of other trade shops, building engineers and subcontractors. Enter file description SUMMARY..
6 days ago Project Engineer - Roads
Petticoat-Schmitt Civil Contractors
We are looking for a Project Engineer to join our team. The Project Engineer will be responsible for the following activities..
2 days ago Process Engineer
Hubbellorporated
This engineer will work closely with the entire MOV team to maintain and improve the Quality, Cost, and Delivery metrics for the MOV product lines..
6 days ago Process Development Engineer, Wafer Fabrication
Cree
BS or MS in Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Applied Physics or other relevant Physical Science major..
2 days agoThe Australian Business Unit covers the needs of the Australian & New Zealand markets.
AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED (“AUROBINDO”) SELLS ITS STEP DOWN SUBSIDIARY IN AUSTRALIA TO ERIS PHARMACEUTICALS (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD (“ERIS”)
- Aurobindo executes on its strategy to focus on core high-value business in US, Europe and Key Emerging Markets.
- Eris broadens its offering of generic molecules to Australian pharmacies
April 10, 2015, Sydney, Australia: Aurobindo Pharma Limited (BSE:NSE Auropharma) (“Aurobindo”) today announced the sale of its step down subsidiary Aurobindo Pharma Australia Pty Ltd (“Aurobindo Australia”), with operations in Australia and New Zealand, to Eris Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty Ltd (“Eris”), an Australian pharmaceutical company whose products are sold in the Middle East, North Africa, CIS and Balkans countries. The subsidiary was not contributing any profit to Aurobindo.
As a result of this acquisition of marketing authorisations for prescription and over-the-counter (“OTCs”) products through its ownership of Aurobindo Australia, Eris will become a significant generic pharmaceutical company in Australia. The Eris product portfolio offered to Australian pharmacists includes prescription generics, OTCs, dermo-cosmetic and other healthcare products.
Aurobindo is an integrated global pharmaceutical company engaged in the development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of generic pharmaceuticals and specialised branded pharmaceutical products. In line with its focus on priority markets, Aurobindo is focused on the sales of its products into the larger pharmaceutical markets in US, Europe and Key Emerging Markets.
Mr. Panos Athanasiou, CEO of Eris, said: “The purchase of Aurobindo Australia is a significant growth initiative for Eris. We now are able to offer an extensive product portfolio comprising of quality prescription generics, OTCs and other healthcare products at competitive prices to Australian Pharmacists, particularly where the pharmacists are looking for alternatives other than their traditional suppliers. We are very proud of the growth of Eris both in Australia and across other territories. This acquisition represents an important step for Eris towards becoming one of the leading suppliers of quality medicines in Australia and New Zealand. The whole Eris team is highly motivated and proud to become a partner of Aurobindo in this region.”
Along with the acquisition, Eris has entered into a Supply and Distribution Agreement with Aurobindo. Eris will continue to sell the Aurobindo generic prescription products and to support the loyal customers of Aurobindo Australia. The company will look forward to expanding its offering to those existing customers of Aurobindo Australia and to new customers from its growing range of prescription generics, OTCs, dermo-cosmetics and other healthcare products.
Counselcorp Lawyers and Corporate Advisers acted as corporate advisers and legal counsel to Eris.I'd like to have an SLT-mirror that flips up during the shot.?Why Uber became such a massive success?
The wheel is one of the best man-made inventions.
Imagine how our world would have been if we didn’t have realized that it is easier to roll down things than to push or drag them.
The transportation industry was born out of it.
Yes, air and sea travel do not exactly rely on wheels but they still play a vital role.
The transportation industry established a long ago, and it is one of the most successful and blooming industry.
A few years back, Uber came up with a simple yet brilliant idea.
Their idea changed the whole transportation industry and today it is “THE” most successful startup.
But how did they reach the spot?
What happened?
Did they sell their soul to the Satan?
If not, will they?
They not only affected the taxi business but there are speculations that they might affect the overall car industry.
How can a small idea change everything?
They did the basic thing i.e. they saw the loophole in the industry and tried to come up with the solution.
The truth is they didn’t do anything special.
They simply took advantage of the system.
How many times were you overcharged?
How many times you were mistreated by the cab driver?
How many times you didn’t like the way the driver drove you to your destination?
The usual cab drivers left open a wide opportunity and it was just a matter of time before someone would have taken advantage of it.
Uber is not a perfect solution by any means.
We keep hearing how taxi drivers have harassed a customer or in some cases, we hear how the customers were overcharged.
But it is certainly a better platform.
You have a place where you can complain.
Today a lot of startups have adapted the same business model and they are doing well.
Maybe the competition will help these industries to overcome their shortcomings.
Related posts
Today's pick
Hot topicsThe Nashville Predators have opted to spend their Thanksgiving by making a roster move that will see Milwaukee Admirals captain Colton Sissons returning to the team. This recall for Sissons comes after Paul Gaustad was banged up in last night’s Predators 3-2 win against the Buffalo Sabres. In addition, the Predators have also placed Miikka Salomäki on injured reserve.
Press Release via Nashville Predators:
Nashville, Tenn. (November 26, 2015) – Nashville Predators President of Hockey Operations/General Manager David Poile announced today that the club has recalled forward Colton Sissons from Milwaukee (AHL) and placed forward Miikka Salomaki on Injured Reserve.
Sissons, 22 (11/5/93), has appeared in five games for the Predators this season, scoring a goal and posting a plus-four rating in his season debut on Nov. 10 vs. Ottawa. In 22 career NHL contests, the 6-foot-1, 200-pound center has posted five points (2g-3a), a plus-five rating and nine penalty minutes. Named Milwaukee’s team captain for the 2015-16 season, the North Vancouver, B.C., native has amassed eight points (3g-5a) in 12 AHL games.
Nashville’s second choice, 50th overall (second round), in the 2012 Entry Draft, Sissons is on Twitter @Colton_es15.
The Nashville Predators wrap up a five-game road trip tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 p.m. CT, as they take on the Philadelphia Flyers (TV: FOX Sports Tennessee; Radio: 102.5 The Game). The team returns home to play the Buffalo Sabres at Bridgestone Arena on Saturday, with a pregame ceremony to honor recent Hall of Fame inductee and Predators Assistant Coach Phil Housley. During “Golden Saturday” home contests, the team has special promotions, events, giveaways and in-arena campaigns centered around the “Gold” theme. All fans wearing Gold for the Nov. 18 game against Buffalo will receive a poster of Housley recognizing his accomplishments. For more information or to purchase tickets, fans can visit NashvillePredators.com or call 615-770-7800.
It was made clear to Sissons when he last came down to Milwaukee that the coaching staff in Nashville was very impressed by his performances. He was sent down not due to his play but simply the numbers up top were forcing the Predators hand. With some banged up bodies changing that fact in the space of a week I think it is safe to say he’s back where he belongs right now.
Be sure to follow Admirals Roundtable on Twitter, like us on Facebook, and see our photos on Instagram.
3 thoughts on “Colton Sissons Returning to Nashville”
robinson should be back
Hopefully he is getting frequent flyer miles.Out Of The Closet Online Gallery Guide FINAL
Out of the Closet & Into the Streets connect the celebrations and struggles that North Dakota gay rights organization, and Ten Percent, a San Francisco (Boston, MA). 5. An Evening of Women’s Music Women on Wheels Offset, 1976 California … Fetch Full Source
COMMUNITY RESOURCES FOR QUINCY CAREER CENTER COMMUNITY …
Boston, Ma 02210 . Phone: (617) 482 -5440 . Career Closet, provides free professional attire to low income job seekers.” As a social welfare organization, as well as, the nation’s largest membership organization for people 50+, AARP … Read Document
Meeting Roster Tuesday, May 19, 2009 National Association Of …
Alena Birger Closet Factory, Inc. Fort Lauderdale, FL Dorothy K. Breininger Center for Organization Oak Park, CA Birdie Brennan, Sarah Buckwalter Organizing Boston Boston, MA Karen A. Bucy The Paper Tamer, LLC Bonita Springs, FL … Retrieve Doc
Co-sponsored By The Massachusetts Architectural Accessible …
Full name of the client firm/organization/ agency; nominee/firm name and submitter’s name, if Boston MA 02109 no later than 4:00 pm, April 14, 2009. AWARDS . Award certificates may be presented at a ceremony in the Great Hall of the Massachusetts State House. … Fetch Document
Boston Women Communicators
Mail to: Boston Women Communicators, Back Bay Station, Box 170424, Boston, MA 02117 I am a BWC Member: $32 I am not yet a Member: revitalizations are more like cleaning out your closet than wholesale changes: revitalization for your organization – or you. … Retrieve Here
YOUR NAME – Boston College
Maintained organization of supply closet and distributed resources to residents as needed; Acted as a liaison between program participants and staff members. VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE and/or ACTIVITIES Rosie’s Place; Boston, MA … Access Full Source
EDUCATION: Interior Design New England School Of Art & Design …
Boston, MA. 1993 – 1994 Bachelor Degree in Architecture 1996 – 2002 Casa del Closet. Caracas, Venezuela 1994 – 1995 Camesco Investments, Inc.Key Biscayne, Fl. organization, client service and time management skills. … Fetch Content
N-TEN Boston Regional Conference
A survey of staff in a Boston -based arts organization discovered that they routinely spent about 45 minutes a day waiting for computers to reboot, Smith-Corona in the closet. As Beth Kanter of the New York Foundation for the Arts reports, … Read Content
Safety Tips To Remember When Designing Your Senior Center Or Home
• Keep closet/cabinet doors closed. Organization • Keep items used together on the same shelf, closet or box. • Keep furniture in same places. Assistive/Alerting Devices Boston, MA 02114 MassEyeAndEar.org. Title: Tips_MCOAweb.indd … View Document
VITA Janice M. Irvine HOME: CURRENT POSITION: EDUCATION
organization. Funded by National Institute on Drug Abuse. Boston, “Shame Comes Out of the Closet,” Sexuality Research & Social Policy: Journal of NSRC, Vol. 6, No. 1, March, Boston, MA. Health Education Coordinator, 1978-1980 Gender Identity Service, Boston, … Retrieve Doc
Allie Vasilakis Resume
Boston Magazine, Boston, MA Web Intern attended web editorial meetings and maintained beauty closet The Improper Bostonian Magazine, Boston, Sigma Alpha Lambda Leadership Organization, National Society of Collegiate Scholars . Title: … Fetch This Document
Center For Training & Professional Development
25 West Street, 3rd Floor, Boston MA 02111 * Tel: 617-988-2605 * Fax: 617- 988-8708 * website: o Get tour of organization/ meet staff o Discuss orientation training plan o Supply closet and ordering systems … Access Full Source
Boston’s Beacon
Boston, MA Registration: 8:30 AM Session: 9:00 – 12:00 Lunch: 12:00 – 2:00 CPEs: 7 to the Career Closet of Interfaith Social Services in Quincy. Challenges to the Organization, Control Concepts and Fraud Volpe Federal Building, Cambridge … Access This Document
East Boston Branch Library: Community Advisory Committee
– Layout: Moving into the library interior, Carla Ceruzzi reviewed the organization of spaces (see attached floor plan). Boston, MA 02109 617.423.3470 . William Rawn Associates Architects, Inc 4 . cabinets and a closet for furniture. … Access Document
?MASSACHUSETTS HISTORICAL COMMISSION 294 WASHINGTON STREET …
Organization Lexington Historical Commission highway; amid houses of primarily early 13. Boston: Lexington Historical Society, 1980. Letter from Edwin B. Worthen to Mrs. Sidney B. Heywood, April 9, 1937. seen in a closet and in one bedroom, and there is nogging in the walls. … Read Here
Collect Gift Cards for Livingstone College Supply Closet. Book Drive – to honor Collect items and/or funds for Veterans Organizations or the United Service Organization www Salisbury, NC; 1912-1928 . Mrs. Ada H. Battle, Boston, MA; 1928-1939 . Mrs. Daisy Caldwell Tucker … Get Doc
Cars Homes Dating Ads Classifieds E-Edition Subscribe Wicked …
When she was available to come over to Becca’s Closet and pick out a dress,” said Forbes, a Whitman-Hanson Boston Quincy news to children Duxbury failing Millions override AAA MA More $479,900 HINGHAM, More $569,000 KINGSTON, MA More $209,900 NORTON, More … Retrieve Full Source
FORM B – BUILDING MASSACHUSETTS HISTORICAL COMMISSION 294 …
Organization Lexington Historical Commission the house occupies the Hayden and Brown used to commute to Boston together, according to with tub faced with tiles, a coved ceiling, and a mirrored wall; a liquor closet with mirrored walls, a gold coved ceiling and black and red … Access ContentPROJECT:internet
So, the initial campaign period is over. Our goal was to raise $40,000 before the end of the year and as shown on our website we are just $8,000 short of that. Our biggest milestone was $30,000 because at that point we had enough funds raised to open the cafe. The remaining $10,000 is needed to make sure the lights can stay on for the first 6-8 months of operation. After this, the internet cafe will be able to sustain itself.
We are still overjoyed to announce that we reached well over $30,000 and that on December 22nd, 2014, Internet Cafe no. 2 opened its doors in Bukavu.
When CEO, Anders, made his trip to Bukavu at the end of November, he spent time with Innocent, the Congolese entrepreneur behind these Internet Cafes. During their time together, Anders and Innocent made this video in order to give you all a better insight into the man behind the Cafes and the importance of the Internet Cafe.
So, we are still $8,000 short of our goal and we need to do something about it.
We decided PROJECT:Internet will continue to run until we reach our goal. Failing is not an option. We promised Innocent that we would support his dream of building out internet access in the Eastern Congo and we plan to keep this promise.
PROJECT:Internet’s sole purpose is to empower the people in Congo and support them in rebuilding their war torn country. This mission is critical for the stability we now see to be able to turn into long lasting peace. Change has to come from within and we are here to support it!
If you wish to support our mission, you can visit our website () to donate directly to PROJECT:internet, 100% of your donation will be used to fund the Internet Café. Or, as always, you can buy a whistle. Our goal is to invest 50% of our whistles sales into the remaining amount of our total goal.
We also ask that you share our mission with your friends. The more people behind us, the more impact we can have.
Towards peace in Congo!
Innocent
Salomon, the manager of the caféFind Electricians near you
Electricians in Mountain Ash
Use Bark for the best electrical wiring experts near Mountain Ash, Rhondda Cynon Taf today with Bark.
Electricians in Mountain Ash_7<<
budd electrical
><<
Mottec Automotive
Dan Rob Electrical Services
Valley Electrics
Walker and Hutton Electrical Services
RAIT Electrical
AVA Security Communications Ltd
CamKlen Ltd
AandB Electrics Ltd
Asquith Electrical
Assured Electrical Solutions
Castle graig Electrical Contractors
C M Morgan Electrical
Roland J Bell ltd
Newport Electrical
Powernet electricals
Kevin beer electrical services
Hinchly's Ltd
_27<<
KMC Electrical
><<
Gabe Electrical
><<
Action electrical
Dark Electrical
*Electrical certificates *Landlord Certificates *PAT Testing *Security Alarms *CCTV *Rewires *New Installations *24hr Call out
Njelectricals
first Phase<<
RJB electrical contractors
Sonos Electrical Services Limited
Socket n See Electrical
Mdc. Electrical fire and security
Scorpion Electrical
Carry out installation and maintenance on domestic, commercial and industrial electrical system. We have clients in Education, Leisure, Factory and local government. NICEIC approved contractor
Electrical
Vedmore Electrical Solutions
Local, trustworthy and NICEIC Electrician based in Cardiff. Providing services to the South Wales area. All electrical work undertaken. Specialist in smart home solutions..Older people may be more immune to the swine flu than everyone else.
The protection theory, Dr. Jernigan explained, is that from 1918 to 1957, all circulating seasonal type-A flus were weakened descendants of the 1918 Spanish flu, which was an H1N1, as the current swine is. […] Then in 1957, an H2N2, the Asian flu, emerged and displaced it. It was replaced in 1968 by the H3N2, called Hong Kong flu, which has persisted as a seasonal strain. A different and milder H1N1 emerged in 1977. It was isolated in China but is called the Russian flu because of a suspicion it escaped from a Soviet laboratory. That H1N1, the 1968 H3N2 and a B strain have all circulated in humans ever since, and the seasonal flu shot is aimed at them.(Episode 34) Season 2 Ep 8 Related Links Listen to Episode 34: Show Notes / Episode Summary View the Show Notes / Episode Summary Here are all related links to the topics discussed in Episode 34 of The Crazy Town Podcast: Strange New Year’s Traditions Strange New Year’s Traditions Dr. Youngblood Interview * Follow Dr. […]
Tag: Interview 29 (S2E3) Summary: Kay Kutta from Ink Master Interview, Trials by Ordeal, & Self Learning AI […].
Hi Shawn,
You look great. Relaxed comes to mind. Thanks for the pictures.
perspectives. nice. dinosaur ridge. handsome.
Nice picture with cat on the bike!
Nice time in Essoouira!
I waiting for plane to MIlano.
Goodby Marocco!
Have you ever thought about. Birmingham Roofing Contractors, 3506 Inverness Landing, Birmingham, AL, 35242, US, 205-301-2113
Simply want enjoyable work.I had my first class of the week today – seminar in social psych. Normally I love the class (and the prof – he’s so hilarious and honestly said Lady Caca, not Gaga, the one day thinking that was her name… oh dear!) and we were discussing stereotypes and prejudices, which normally I find really interesting. But today I was itching to get out of there! I think part of it might be that I spent my weekend doing school work. When I do this, I find that once the school week starts, I’m not ready for it because I didn’t really get a break. Thankfully I don’t have many on campus classes, but it sucks that I’m feeling this now as my school week is starting. Tomorrow I have my reading program after school, and Thursday I have both my seminar and a computer lab for thesis class – we’re learning how to make posters in Power Point, which I have no clue about so I’ll need to go. Hopefully I can make it through without feeling as though I’m going to go crazy!
Eating-wise I’m staying right on track. Seeing my loss this week was amazing motivation to stick with eating three healthy meals and two snacks per day. It’s crazy how just the change of adding a bit more food each day helped me lose more weight than usual, even though I didn’t step up my exercise routine. I guess I just wasn’t eating enough before – it’s a difficult thing because it seems so counter intuitive to eat more when your goal is cutting calories.
Today I had:
- Breakfast: oatmeal
- Lunch: ham sandwich on sunflower flax bread
- Dinner: whole wheat pasta with broccoli
- Snack (so far): baby carrots
I’ll probably have some sliced berries or a peach as a snack later on to finish off the day. Right now I’m enjoying my second mug of green tea today (the first I had was from Timmy’s and I didn’t win – again!)
I’m planning on a walk later, as long as it’s not freezing cold out. I meant to go earlier after I finished some prep for my reading program but then I got into a paper-writing mood which happens rarely so I always take advantage of it! I think my geography paper is ready to hand in after one last edit. I can’t believe I actually finished it a week and a half early – it’s actually due March 13!
Anyway, time to convince the boyfriend that he’s not going to freeze if we go for a walk! This could be challenging!Leading Advantages of Working with a Travel Business Planner
Travel is a dynamic component of many business operations. It’s not only an incentive provided for prized employees and customers,but it’s also a strategy for expansion. It can cost organizations a lot of money, but if they would work with a travel business planner, the cost can be reduced significantly.
Other than this particular benefit, travel business planners can also secure a number of other advantages, and they are listed below.
- They can make every travel opportunities more valuable by carefully targeting your internal goals with special arrangements for the right experiences. For example, your business is a member of the agricultural industry; travel business planners can present you a list of events in various locations that focus on agricultural developments, or lead you to destinations that possess a special culture surrounding the industry. With their help, travel can always be a delightful mix of business, education and pleasure.
- Working with a travel business planner will allow your business to grow its beneficial connections. Travel arrangements can be designed to demonstrate loyalty to specific service providers such as hotel chains, car rental businesses, airlines, restaurants, etc. In the long run, your loyalty to these service providers can create strong business partnerships that offer a bounty of perks.
- Your organization can be assured that you will be getting consistent high-quality service no matter where your business goes. Travel business planners thrive through good reputation, so their devotion is to the act of delivering impressive service at all times.
- They can set your operations apart from the competition by integrating novel features to your internal travel programs and incentives for employees and the end users of your services. All you really need to do is express your desire for something out of the ordinary or something never before tried. What planners will do is meticulously study the offerings of various locations as well as other pertinent data to bring forth solutions that can meet your special requirements.
- They can also provide you a smart marketing strategy for your travel incentives. With the wide range of information they have about the travel industry, which includes what your competition is doing, making your provision more attractive to your target demographic can be made easier.
- Travel business planners also offer projections on how travel provisions can truly benefit your operations; the projections can lay the groundwork for future travel programs aimed at further improving overall business performance.Success in today’s complex marketplace depends on getting many pieces to work together to create a compelling customer experience. As a marketer, if you can’t see what’s working and what isn’t, then you’re operating at a serious disadvantage.
Javelin Direct is a strategic direct marketing agency that engages our clients’ audience through a wide range of online and offline channels, including interactive, direct mail, DRTV and print. We practice accountable marketing, which means we help you understand where and why every marketing dollar is being spent and what you’re getting in return.
Using a powerful combination of strategy, analytics and creative, we’ll get your customers to respond. And you’ll be able to see it working.
What keeps it working is our belief in seamless integration, whether we’re leading a group of agencies, working within a team or developing creative ideas that work across all platforms. Our devotion to marketing effectiveness means we find the best mix of marketing tactics and strategies that generate the highest ROI for our clients. And our systematic approach to continuous innovation ensures that we’re always learning how to improve upon our efforts.
Our ultimate job is to inspire your customers to respond to your brand, your product and your offer. Because we account for everything we do, we can understand if it’s working, why it’s working and what will make it work better. And so can you.
Javelin Direct – You can see it working.
List your company among the leaders of the industry, promote your competencies, showcase your work & join an exclusive global marketing and creative industry network.Submit Your CompanyARE YOU A BORING TRADER???
I thought the first post of this blog would be to ask every visitor if he/she was a boring trader.
Boring Trader huh? You would say “I thought stock market trading was the most exciting activity in the whole world”. How can it be boring? Imagine when you put on a position – long or short!! The adrenaline runs through your body when the system message says the order has been executed. Bam! You are in business. The heart starts beating faster with every tick. Suddenly you see the price go up. You start calculating your profits. The acidity swells from your stomach right to your chest. The breathing becomes faster. If this was the first trade you ever took you suddenly realise you are no longer a “Trade Virgin”.
You cannot take your eyes off the screen. Suddenly the world becomes a whole new exciting place. You are the next Guru of the Stock market. You start imagining people following you for your clairvoyance of the markets. You have arrived. This goes on for sometime. The market gives you the success and you start drinking it like slow poison. And then the dreaded day comes…The market takes it all back…and more!!
I characterise the Boring Trader as one having the following attributes.
He is not bothered with where the market is headed.
He is not the least bit interested in predicting what the market or a particular stock will do in near, medium or long term.
He has a system which he has back tested and refined over time.
He only follows the system. Period.
He does not see any Blue channels of read any Pink newspapers.
He believes all the news is already built in the price action.
He thinks about how much he will lose before he puts on a trade.
He knows that once the loss is accepted profits will always run in.
He knows the importance of risk and money management.
He has a daily, weekly, monthly and yearly target clearly defined and stuck on the monitor.
He has a list of trading rules which he never ever breaks.
He stops trading after the daily target is met. Each time. Every time.
He shuts of the computer when the daily target is met even if it happens in the first 10 mins of trade.
He treats his trading as a business and as a businessman knows how to manage his risks for maximum profits.
He never ever enters a trade based on his perception of the market. All trades are strictly entered based on the system.
He thinks taking a quick loss is the coolest thing about trading.
He is humble and down to earth even though he makes a ton of dough every month.
He knows that the most profitable trading is the most boring trading.
Do you see yourself in all the above points. If yes, congrats. You are already on your way to becoming a Boring Trader. If no, don’t worry. I will guide you to become one.
This blog will talk about all the tools and psyche required to become a Boring Trader. If I could summarise the Boring Trader philosophy it would be “Taking the Jazz out of trading to mint money”.
So lets embark on the journey…I promise it won’t be boring and it will certainly put you on course to becoming a Boring Trader.
Can you guide me to do the trading ?
There is a typo in the attributes para. Blue channels OR read any pink newspaper. Its a nice blog anyway 🙂It’s been a long time since I was learned VPS and do not write in this blog, it’s time to write again. This time I wanted to share some of the best, selected-only fonts for designers. Obviously this font is free and can be used for commercial or private programs. Maybe not all can be used for commercial purposes, but, for personal purposes, a 100% welcome.
Krinkes Typeface
Swistblnk Monthoers Typeface
Nemesia Free Typeface
Dyer Arts and Crafts Free Font
Deep Free Font
Besom Typeface
Besom is handmade typeface with classic feel.
Pier Typeface
Pier is serif typeface that can be download for free. This font recomended for poster, graphic design, t-shirt and web.
Nickainley Script Typeface.
License: Free for Personal and Commercial use
Bizon Handmade Typeface
Bizon is awesome handmade typeface licensed for personal and commercial use. Its bold and strong feel
Helena Handmade Typeface
Helena is handmade typeface with oranament
Signify Handmade Typeface
Signify is simple free handmade font for designers.
Juiz De Fora Typeface
Gidole Open Source Typeface
Gidole is alternative of courier new for coding style. Its ready for web, text editor software and desktop.
Finos Bold Typeface
Finos is awesome bold and art style typeface, completed with char. Available on regular and latin.
Note : for personal use only. Commercial purpose must buy
Wood Land Typeface
Wood land is handmade sans serif font.
Available on : thin, bold, regular and outline
Incoming search terms:
- download font krinkesDesign a cricket bat Sticker
Contest Brief
I need a bat stickers sticker for my brand name called PlayersGrade.
It should be a combination of Black and Silver,. You can google for addition details like size etc.
Stickers needed :
1) Back Side (1 )
2) Bat face side ( 1 )
3) SIdes (2)
4) Bottom of the back side (1)
5) Handle top - SH Hand Made English willow.
Content :
Brand name - PlayersGrade
Short Code - PG
[url removed, login to view]
Hand Made English Willow
Bat options - 1) Player Edition 2) Signature 3) Reserve ( These 3 options would be sticked single in a bat out of 3)
Attached is the pics , You can come up with exactly similar.
Recommended Skills
Employer Feedback
“Great Talent to be in touch ! Did exactly what was requested. Never denied ! Next work coming soon.”
rku58d132fd9dd65, India.
Top entries from this contest
- zeddcomputers India
- rizviakash890 Bangladesh
- rizviakash890 Bangladesh
Public Clarification Board
How to get started with contests
Post Your Contest Quick and easy
Get Tons of Entries From around the world
Award the best entry Download the files - Easy!Visit: & ‘Like’. ‘Michael Maloney’s Hidden Secrets Of Money’)
This entire episode was graded with ‘FilmConvert’.
Join GoldSilver.com & Mike Maloney on other social networks:
Twitter (GoldSilver):
Twitter (Mike Maloney):I miss winter with you fickle feline.
As far as cities go, it was really nothing special. I planned to go there for work and leave, unscathed. Missing cold weather and the cat is just one thing. I seem to have a bit of a trail of people and places I miss, bits of my heart scattered, from all the moving.
Much of what I’m writing now would have been written already if not for all that’s been happening in my family since I got back.
The five housemates and a house cat. Everyone (except the cat) was Christian, or Catholic, and of the same ethnicity. The odd one out was the Jordanian housemate in the room adjacent to mine. Surprisingly I shared a deeper friendship with this devout Muslim than any of the others.
There was the nearby church, where I ended up staying with the Mandarin congregation, rather than the English-speaking one (I can’t read the characters well, and never planned to attend Bible study in Chinese). Language and cultural differences aside, I found so much more friendship and fellowship there than in some of the churches I’ve been attending for years. There was even a friend there who had the same name as me. We shared lots of stories together too.
I miss them all. But I’m not good at keeping in touch and everyone there feels further and further away.
My last week there. It was Christmas Eve; a very quiet night indeed. Several of us wandered around the city after dinner but realised that nothing was happening, nothing was open, since everyone was celebrating at home with their families. In boredom we decided to find the stairs up to the harbour bridge (difficult in the dark). We took the long walk across – lovely views. On the other side there was a lovely ice cream shop, and better still, a quaint little church on the same street. Their late night Christmas Eve service was just about to start. We walked in. What a peaceful way to complete our evening of spontaneous adventures.
New Years with a few others, waiting for fireworks to start on TV. I didn’t expect to share an unplanned and genuine time of prayer with this bunch, though they were all from church. One or two used WeChat all the time – during service, during Bible study, and even as they read the sheet music and sang during worship practice. Another few slept in more often than they rocked up on Sundays. A good reminder that we are to scatter seeds generously, on all types of soil. And not be discouraged because even people who seem half-hearted can grow in their faith.
One Comment
[…] full, with fat fluffy […]I consider it a true honor that couples, like you guys, trust me with documenting your wedding day. I hate fake things and faking things, I live and breathe raw emotions and real moments - and when it comes to weddings, those are everywhere you turn, so basically, I live in Heaven.
My goal as a photographer is to make sure you can look back on your images and see a true version of yourselves and moments that aren’t staged, that cannot be redone. When you’re old and wrinkly and still madly in love, I want you to remember exactly how you felt on your wedding day.
xxx
6-10 weeks from your wedding date, engagement and portraits photos will be delivered within 2-3 weeks.
Engagement sessions are meant to be fun and relaxing, so wear something you are comfortable in. There is usually walking/moving around, so don't come in a tight pencil skirt and stilettos.
Yes! All of our packages include a download of your high resolution, edited images.
So of course we want you to share your favorite photos with your friends! Please do us a huge favor tho, and give us photo credit!
I do not have a full-time assistant or second shooter that is along for every wedding, however I always offer the option when you are booking your wedding. Second shooters are great for different angles on the first look/ceremony, as well as another set of eyes to fix dresses, set up shots, etc.
I minimum of 450, but it's usually more than that, but too many images can be overwhelming and repetitive.
In order to provide the best level of service, we accept a limited amount of weddings per year. All wedding collections include an engagement session and at least 7 hours of wedding day coverage. Please contact us for details, pricing and availability.An intimate and luxurious boutique hotel and a private villa located in the picturesque town of Santanyí, Mallorca.
-A private house (Casa Sempreviva) -Rooms individually decorated -Art collection -Close to Mondragó National Park
One older child or adult is charged 68€.
Available for rental for special events, weddings, family reunions, meeting etc. Please contact the management to a month in advance.
As soon as we receive your booking we will contact you.
Arrival from 15:00 to 17:00
Departure from 09:00 to 12:00
Guarantee Policy:
For stays of 1-5 nights- 1 night deposit
For stays of 6 nights or more- deposit 25% of total price of stay
Cancellation policy:
With more than 30 days in advance: return of the entire deposit.
- Between 48 hours and 30 days before arrival: penalty of the deposit.
- 48 hours or less before arrival: deposit plus additional penalty of 50% of the total value of the stay.
No-Show Policy:
- Stays between 1 and 7 nights: penalty of 100% of the value of the stay
- Stay 7 nights or more penalty of 50% of the value of the stayThere is a great list of programs that every student should have on their new mac laptop as they head back to school. It is also a great list to check out for anyone else with a mac. I’m happy to say I use about 80% of the products mentioned.
One program mentioned that I didn’t know about was iAlertU. You lock your laptop with your Apple remote, and if it is moved at all, it takes a picture of the perp and locks down the system. Perfect for those long study scessions in the library when you need to get up to head to the bathroom.
Advertisements
2 thoughts on “Back to School: Mac program essentials”
So, is this remot “in the picture above” a standalone remote for older macs to control a cracked Front Row version??? Please provide a link to the maker…
Thank you Nick
or is it just the icon of the alert app ????Garage Design Website proudly gives yall an article about 2003 Bmw M5. The article about Graceful Second Hand 2003 Bmw M5 Interior is uploaded by Bret Hoppe on December, 20 2015.
If yall want to know a lot of articles about 2003 Bmw M5, yall may simply go to Garage Design Website, and please don’t forget to remember our writing because Car Images post blog posts relating to 2003 Bmw M5 on a daily basis.
If yall enjoy the blog post of Graceful Second Hand 2003 Bmw M5 Interior, please do not forget to help this blog to present it to your family on Twitter, Facebook, and Google Plus.
Pictures About Graceful Second Hand 2003 Bmw M5 Interior
Pictures of Graceful Second Hand 2003 Bmw M5 Interior
Stunning Second Hand 2003 Bmw M5 Value – 1-photos7.motorcar.com
Delightful New 2003 Bmw M5 Rental – cars.tokuhara.net
Delicate New 2003 Bmw M5 For Sale – img.gta5-mods.com
Magnificent Brand New 2003 Bmw M5 Value – static.cargurus.com
Delightful New 2003 Bmw M5 Near Me – strongauto.net
Cute Brand New 2003 Bmw M5 Deals – hips.hearstapps.com
You may also see Fascinating Second Hand Audi Scottsdale Deals and Magnificent Second Hand Ferrari Of Denver For Sale....
About CUL
Sequel to the invitation of the Federal Government of Nigeria through Act No. 9 of 1993 to allow private corporate bodies or individual Nigerian citizens to establish and run universities, subject to meeting approved guidelines such as possessing an approved Academic Brief, Master Plan, University Law and proven ability to finance such a project, Prince Oladega Adebogun felt deeply inspired to establish a university that will do for tertiary education, what Caleb has creditably done for Primary and Secondary education. The University relocated in November 2009 from its take-off site at Magodo, Lagos to the 110-hectare permanent site at Imota after Ikorodu town.. is a faith based University envisioned to be a centre of excellence through the provision of opportunities for respectable, highly qualitative and relevant university education that will engender the production of future leaders imbued with ability and integrity capable of impacting positively on their environments while also being globally competitive. The mission, which flows from the vision, is to create a unique institution committed to the pursuit of academic innovation, skills-based training and a tradition of excellence in teaching, research and community service.
Caleb University’s unique selling points are: a serene campus with a picturesque topography and nature’s gifts of flora and fauna, an ideal setting for study and reflection removed from the madding crowd of the Lagos megacity; uninterrupted academic calendar; emphasis on learning and character; enforcement of rules and regulations for staff and students; competent and motivated workforce, who have been on the Federal University Salary Scale since January 2011; the Leadership Academy that complements the Chaplaincy and formal curriculum in character building; a decent dress code for staff and students which combines the formal, sports and informal on designated days of the week; and working knowledge of French in preparation for international business and career.
With its library holdings growing to 12,200 volumes of books with journal subscription growing to over 1,112 titles, the university prides itself as a leading library for teaching and research. Most of the library’s functions are computerized and the university’s Local Area Network (LAN), an open source integrated library management system software, was installed to network all campus libraries and is in use for cataloguing and other library services. The University library is connected to the internet and has subscribed to many databases online which include HINARI, AJOL, JSTOR, EBSCOHOST, Nigerian Virtual Library, African e-journal, Questia, etc which are highly relevant up-to-date and useful to students and staff in their various disciplines/programmes. The library also engages in user-education for both students and staff.
Staff of the University often participate in local and international researches. To the glory of God, a senior lecturer of the College of Pure and Applied Sciences (COPAS), Dr. Chuma Okoro, won the 2011/2012 Petroleum Technology Development Fund (PTDF) with his topic titled, ‘Development of Novel Technologies for Diagnosing and Remediating Notable Microbial Problems Associated with Oil Production in the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry’.
Also, a breakthrough in the study of ‘Inter-relationship of Plasma Markers of Oxidative Stress and Thyroid Hormones in Schizophrenics’ fetched Dr. O. Akiibinu of the College of Pure and Applied Sciences (COPOS) a world-wide recognition. The BioMedLib Ltc, 2150 Wise Street, Charlottesville, VA 22905 – 9998 assessed all articles published in recognized first-class journals throughout the world in the area of thyroid hormones between 2012 and June 2013 and out of the top 20 articles, Dr. Akiibinu’s articles was rated the best.
The University has held six matriculation ceremonies and had produced two sets of graduates. For the sixth consecutive session, but to the glory of God and with the support and cooperation of staff and students, the University enjoyed uninterrupted academic calendar, which made it possible for our students to graduate on schedule.
The maiden convocation of Caleb University took place on Saturday, March 10, 2012, 51 months after the University commenced academic activities. Graduands numbering 92 who cut across three Colleges received Bachelor degrees of their various Colleges, having fulfilled the requirements of the statutes and regulations of the institution and found worthy in character and learning. Pursuant to Section 4, sub-section (1)(f) of the University law, the University also conferred (Business Administration) on its visitor Prince Oladega Adebogun and Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science (Public Administration) on its Chancellor, Brigadier General Mobolaji Johnson (Rtd).
The event was preceded by a maiden Convocation Lecture, titled ‘The Power Elite, Nigeria’s Mineral Economic and Arrested Development’, was delivered by Prof. Banji Oyelaran-Oyeyinka, Director, Monitoring and Research, UN-Habitat, Nairobi, Kenya.
The second convocation ceremony, which took place on March 9, 2013 witnessed the conferment of Bachelor degrees on 287 graduands. The second convocation lecture, titled ‘Electoral Democracy and Political Realignment in Nigeria’, was delivered by Emeritus Professor Akinjide Osuntokun, OON, FNAL, former Nigerian Ambassador to Germany and former NUC Representative in North America (the US and Canada).
The University celebrates its annual Foundation Day in the first week of every January to commemorate the commencement of the take-off of the university at Magodo, Lagos on January 7, 2008. The maiden Foundation Day Lecture was delivered on January 21, 2009 by Professor Julius Okojie, the Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission (NUC) while that of 2011 was delivered on January 21, 2011 by Professor Jacob K. Olupona, MNOM, of Harvard University. On January 21, 2013, Mr. J. Oguniyi Otunla, FCA, the Accountant – General of the Federation delivered another Foundation Day Lecture.
Another major milestone in the development of the university is the University’s first inaugural lecture, titled ‘Communicating An Implosion: Signs and Wander, Popular Culture and the Crumbling of Empire’, which was delivered on Tuesday, April 9, 2013 by Professor Nosa Owens-Ibie, Head of Department of Mass Communication.
In terms of infrastructure projects, the university has virtually completed its bakery and factory buildings, and the enterprises are to commence production soon. The printery, for which the equipment has been procured, will take off at the same time. Work has commenced on the Professor Idowu Sobowale International School of Mass Communication complex, which on completion, will facilitate the realization of the university’s objective of becoming the leading professional and postgraduate media training centre in Nigeria. A modern sports complex is also being developed to provide adequate facilities for the wholesome development for staff and students.
The laboratories in the College of Pure and Applied Sciences (COPAS) are fully equipped. The Mass Communication and Architecture studios are also fully equipped with modern equipments.
The Proprietor of the University is Caleb International Limited, with Dr. Oladega Adebogun as the Chairman. The Administration of the University is at three levels: The Board of Trustees, with Dr. C.O. Kolade, CON, as the Chairman; the Governing Council, with Professor Fola Tayo, MFR, as the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council; and the University Management represented by the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Ayodeji O. Olukoju, FNAL, the Acting Registrar, Mrs. Folake Okor, and the Acting Bursar, Mr. Adesina Abubakre.No products
8395704
BTWIN
₹ 99 Décathlon
i like the water bottle
Scrates comes on botlle after first day use.
The product is great to carry outdoors. Good quality product.
Loved the place decathlon. The cycling water bottle is excellent and it will definitely last for long.
it was good, I love this product quality,
Awesome Decathlon...keep up the good work..jst a suggestion if you can reduce the price a bit..
I love the bottle. The look and the quality of the bottle is very nice. Overall, awesome product.
Holds 750 ml which is sufficient for small treks and bike rides..
Awesome bottle
works good, also good with warm waterIt seems to me there is an epidemic right now in American society of narcissitic males in my age group. I have heard from many women dealing with this, and it is very sad how this is affecting families. (If you are unsure what this is, try this article; it is a personality disorder that begins very early in life, cannot be diagnosed until adulthood, and is very difficult to treat). Somehow, though, I started making the leap from narcissism to – well, what makes a good human being? How do I want my son or daughter to act in a relationship when they have their own families? These traits, of course, are not exactly opposite narcissism another since narcissism is a psychological order and I am talking in generalities about raising children who can function in relationships.
However, I think much of this boils down to integrity. I have seen so many relationships ripped apart by not just self-centeredness (which is different from narcissism) but by a complete lack of integrity; public lives are not at all the same as what is going on in private; the partner and family are not first. I think what is most difficult about this is the model it sets for children; children generally know something is going on when things don’t match up.
So in order to teach integrity, one must live in integrity. What does this mean?
I think it means several things:
Merging your personal and private lives. Don’t act in such a way or be into things in your private life that you would be completely embarrassed and upset if your children found out. Be consistent across the arenas and roles of your life. That is part of having a moral character. Having a conscious and understanding of what you are doing when it is vastly different from one role to another helps you correct this and stop.
Believe in people, help people, build people up. If you live in a family with other people, it is not just about you. Self-centeredness is not a good trait on the job or in the family. We expect adolescents to be self-centered, not forty-year-olds. Be equitable and fair in how you deal with people and teach your children to do the same.
Be accountable – apologize first, admit when you are wrong, try to make amends. Love people enough to build bridges with those you can (and I am not talking about toxic relationships here. For these people, I think it is important for our children to see us as we model boundaries). Hold your children accountable in how they treat you, other members of the family, themselves, and in relationships outside the home. Accountability in relationships and respect in relationships go hand in hand.
Follow through – If your word means anything, you will follow through on what you say and what you believe and your children will do the same.
Be honest and loyal, and teach your children not just how to not be a bully, but how to empathize with people and feel what they are feeling. Part of integrity requires emotional intelligence, and again, thinking about others and being a good communicator. Relationships sometimes dissolve, not over bullying, but over one party not being able to read the other and respond to that. Teaching children how to deal with conflict in a productive manner is so important.
Believe in the positive; look for the helpers and any good things in the tragedies of the world.
Blessings,
Carrie
I appreciate this post.
Having been raised (and sexually abused) by a narcissist (which really got in the way of homeschooling), I truly value this post, and the post on toxic behavior and people. There are so many hard choices to make for the health and well-being of our children and their children’s children. For those who see narcissism in their own behavior (referred to in recovery world as “fleas”), or in others they are or have been close to, there is a world of information and support at . They cover many personality disorders; narcissism is the only one that I have explored. May the angels of healing, comfort, and joy be with all who travel this path. They are truly all possible.
Hi Carrie. Thank you for this post. The way you wrote it made me assess myself as a parent. It made me scrutinize my kind of parenting. We always want the best for our children. We want them to grow up as responsible adults, have a good family, a successful career. With most parents being busy with work, we tend to just check on grades to see if they’re doing good in school. We look after their health, their “material” needs, the usual stuff. Parents seldom ask their kids if they “helped someone in school”. Being a good example may help them see you as a role model. I tell my children to follow the golden rule. “Do unto others what you want others to do unto you.” But, you’re right. This principle is just words if I don’t tap into their emotional intelligence.
Thank you Nena! I love it when we all think together. 🙂
Blessings,
CarrieBedford’s Wittenberg honored at WPI
WORCESTER – Bedford’s Ryan Wittenberg was one of seven fall WPI student-athletes to earn a spot on their respective sports All-Sportsmanship team.
WPI seniors Pavolas Christidis, Aaron Hartford, Kat Hurlock, Abby King and Lizzie Rooney were named to NEWMAC All-Sportsmanship teams. Junior Ryan Wittenberg and sophomore Ariana Rozen also made the list.
Christidis represented the men’s soccer team while Hartford was the football honoree.
Hurlock, King and Rooney were the volleyball, field hockey and women’s soccer selections.
Wittenberg and Rozen took home the accolade for the cross country programs..
CANNONS LAX
REGISTRATION OPEN
Bedford Cannons Lacrosse is excited to announce that registration for the 2018 spring season is now open. The Bedford Cannons are a non-profit organization aimed at teaching the game of lacrosse to the young people of Bedford.
Registration fees are $70 for Little Laxers, $200 for Rec and Travel, and there is a family max of $400. Athletes who sign up prior to December 1 will be entered into a raffle to win one of several gift cards to local merchants. Prices for registration will increase on January 1.NAIROBI, Kenya, May 25 – Kenya Rugby Union (KRU) has said the much anticipated test matches between the national XV side and Portugal that were scheduled for June 7 and 11 in Nairobi have been postponed, not cancelled as earlier stated.
Union chairman Mwangi Muthee confirmed the development to Capital Sport saying the 24th ranked side was unable to make the trip due to unavoidable circumstances and have replaced them with South Africa titans Western Province.
The national side who are preparing for their Confederation of Africa Rugby Cup Division 1A title defence in Madagascar, that also serves as next year World Cup qualifiers, will take on the South African elite side June 7 before playing the winner of Bamburi Rugby Super Series a fortnight later.
“We were supposed to play Portugal but unfortunately they were unable to come but it’s a fixture are looking how we will fix it in future so it’s not cancelled but postponed. We are okay because Western Province will be coming to boost our preparation before we depart for the qualifiers,” the KRU chief told.
“We are not going to spare any recourse with the team because our focus right now is on 15s. We must prepare well for us to head to the World Cup and that’s why you are seeing none of them is playing in the Super Series.
“Namibia and Zimbabwe have assembled a full professional team so it’s only Kenya who will be a little bit amateur but we can do it and we call upon all to support the boys since we have a golden chance of qualifying,” he added.
On Thursday, information from the Union stated the Portugal tests had been cancelled following travel advisories on Kenya by UK, France, America and Australia due to what they said were looming threats of terror attacks.
Head coach Jerome Paarwater, has bolstered his squad by calling professional winger William Ambaka who plays for French based Lyon Olympique and national rugby sevens stars; vice captain Collins Injera, his younger brother Michael Agevi, Oscar Ouma, Billy Odhiambo, Patrice Agunda and Michael Wanjala.
“The sevens players are not guaranteed automatic slots, they have to prove themselves in training. We had to call them since they have been active in the HSBC Sevens World Series so we want them to fit in the system as we look forward to assemble the strongest squad possible.
“The team is in high spirit and all the 7s players named are training so we want to make our country proud but it will not be easy since all the teams are equal to the task. We will treat each game as a final and give it our best,” Team Manager Wangila Simiyu told Capital Sport.
The team that had a two-month tour of South Africa where they featured in the Vodacom Cup will head to camp after the final build up.
Kenya will be seeking to defend her continental title when they take on host Madagascar, Namibia and Zimbabwe in a round robin format and also qualify for the global showpiece for the first time ever.
England will host 2015 World Cup from September 18 to October 31.Jillian is ready for some splish-splashy fun!
Tuesday, March 18, 2008
the only time when swimsuits are 100 percent cute
So, for my birthday, our family is going to the Water Park of America. It's ridiculously fun. Even for someone who thinks wearing a bathing suit is a totally awkward thing to do in public. Water slides and lazy rivers make the embarrassment go away within minutes.
Jillian is ready for some splish-splashy fun!
Jillian is ready for some splish-splashy fun!
Brought to you by Jenna at 7:02 PM
7 comments:
I love, love, love the pink one. I also love how your boys are so sweet with their sister.
How come baby girl bathing suits are so adorable, and grown up girl suits are so dreadful? Is it the suit or the fact that I don't want to wear it?
We should celebrate are nearly joint birthdays together somehow? What do you say? I vote for a non-swimsuit celebration.
Look at that tummy & those legs & those cheeks, love that girl.
Jillian will have fun with those boys, they are a blast at water parks!!
TOO cute! I love how Avery is pointing right at the camera. I vote the pink one too. I remember Jeneva's first bathing suit. I have too too many pictures of her in it. Poor Jude. I wonder if I'll get just as excited over his first pair of swim trunks.
I will give you $50 if you return you Sams suit and buy a suit to match Jillian's with the ruffle and all. But you have to wear it...OK if you wear it I will give you $75. How is it possible for Jillian to have the most adorable smile in the world?
Look at Jillie!!!! I love her. Have I told you that enough, Jenna?! Not only do you have two PRECIOUS boys, who are so tender hearted, you have an ADORABLE little girl. She has the cutest chubs ever!
First photo, she looks like Brent then when she smiles she looks like you. She is too cute for words.
yes, janice, you are jillian's #1 fan outside the family. and i totally eat it up!Play the course as you find it - Open Golf Championship 2017
Posted on 22/02/2017
The 2017 Open Championship will be the 146th Open Championship since its inception at the historic Prestwick Golf Club in Scotland, it also has the special significance of being the only major outside of the United States.
In July fans on the sport worldwide will descend on Royal Birkdale to mark the 10th time this course has been used to host the competition. This beautiful course with its valleys between dominating dunes makes for excellent spectator conditions, perfect for avid followers’ keen to watch the sport at its top level.
Current champion Henrik Stenson, won the 145th Open at Royal Troon in 2016 with a record breaking score of -20, eyes will certainly be on him this year to see if he can repeat this success.
Attend The Open in Style
Avoid the inevitable stresses associated with travel and accommodation when attending this highly desirable event with our travel package aboard The Great Briton train, departing London Euston, Watford Junction & Birmingham International on Friday 21st July 2017.
Once aboard you can sit back and relax with a two-course brunch as you journey through the beautiful countryside to the Open, this creates an unrivalled opportunity to entertain in the unique confines of this attractive locomotive.
Next attend the Open Golf with General admission included in your package, allowing you and your guests the chance to view all the action from this stunning course, before departing for your return journey to relax with drinks and dinner.
Highlights from 2008 at Royal Birkdale
For full details on this package visit the event page here.Our (GIS) with some really talented people. That was very interesting and groundbreaking work but, after 18 years, he decided to move into geospatial education. In the last couple of years he has been ‘retired’ doing voluntary work in schools and the community.
Drawing on all this, Tony presented a talk entitled “Mapping Family and Community History”. Geographic Information Systems have evolved over past 40 years. They used to involve overlaying plastic transparencies on an overhead projector. The computerised version of this was pioneered by Dr Roger Tomlinson in 1968.
He started with the fact that most mapping information has now been placed in databases, notably including the exact spatial coordinates of locations. Here, we use New Zealand Transverse Mercator Projection to basically flatten the traditional round-earth maps. Georeferencing thus consists of adding accurate coordinates to an old map, so turning it into a very precise template onto which further layers can be digitally added.
Tony introduced us to several new terms and their corresponding meanings. Thus, “Geneology” is the relationship of people to other people while Geospatial refers to places and their relationships to each other. Tony has coined his own term – “GeoConnection” – which denotes the sense of association we all get when people relate to places.
Tony illustrated all this by starting with an old Topographic Map of the area in Ellerslie where he was brought up, of the type that the Department of Lands and Surveys started to produce in the 1930’s. In this exercise, he linked this primarily with the story of his mother, Amelia, who was born on a farm in Tangawahine in 1915. She moved to Dargaville a few years later. Amelia’s parents bought the old Hillary home, Aurega House (understood to have been built by Sir Edmund Hillary’s father) which was located where the current Caltex Service Station now stands. Google Earth shows the service station and pin points the location of the house as it would have stood in the 1920s. Tony went to National Library On-Line and found an old survey map of Dargaville of the time, which showed the surroundings and the location of house. Tony’s grandparents ran Aurega House as a boarding house. It transpired that someone had made a drawing of that, which the Dargaville Museum sent him. Aurega House burned down sometime around 1928 but it had, at least, left enough history behind it for Tony to capture and present in these new and interesting ways.
Tony’s mother, Amelia Batistich, was a very accomplished author in her own right and, in one of her books, captured her own distinct early memories of the town:
What I do remember was that I left Dargaville when I was 11 but some part of it never left me. There has always been a river running in some corner of my mind, some place where I never grew up, I never got old, a place that’s mine to keep – not my children’s, not my grandchildren’s, not anyone’s, but mine.
Tony then recounted another project, this one based on capturing the genesis of the Remuera Shopping Village and we were introduced to even more terms and concepts, including “Innovative Artifacts” and “Story Maps”, and where he was able to draw upon even more data resources, including old Wises Street Directories and Whites Aviation aerial photographs. There might have been even more archival material had it not been for an unfortunate period in the Land Information Service of New Zealand (LINZ) where some unique records were disposed of. However, we must all admit that, especially in our younger years, we have had moments of insufficient regard for the capturing of the present and the preservation of the past.
After the presentation itself, Tony stayed on for the traditional cup of tea and chatted at length with many members about their own special memories which had been further stimulated by his lecture. In all, a very strong start to the year and a good lead-in to the Open Day (see the Home Page). Thanks Tony!
Wayne Power and Tony BatistichEric Tak joined ING in 2011 following his experience as Director of Cards Products and iDEAL with Dutch Payments Scheme Management Company Currence from 2005 onwards.
Prior to that he has worked for ten years at PricewaterhouseCoopers/PwC Consulting as Director, Financial Services Sector and after the
acquisition by IBM as Associate Partner and practice leader for Banking Operations & Payments.
Eric started his career from 1991-1996 with ABN AMRO as Relationship Banker Corporate & Global Clients and Cash Management Consultant.
Eric studied Business Economics (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam) and Business Administration (Nyenrode University)Architects
Google is one of the major companies to implement a formal unconscious bias training program. Photo: Shawn Collins, flickr Creative Commons
Pixabay Public Domain
Photo Courtesy of ESI Design
Celebrating 100 years of service to aviation, aerospace, and defense – aviation is in our DNA. Photo: The Austin Company
Image: Steve Jurvetson, flickr Creative Commons
Photo courtesy NBBJ
The technology measures light levels, humidity and temperature, motion, and sound.
_7<<.
Intelligence Community Campus, Bethesda, Md. Photo: Leo A Daly
>.
>.Buy Bitcoin in less than 15 minutes!
Things you will need
Credit/Debit Card, Phone Number and some form of ID (Passport , Driving Licence, etc.)
This method will work for almost any country.
Step 1
Step 2
Now comes the hard part, the verification.
Once registered you will be presented with the front page of coinbase.
On the bottom left side you will see the steps you will need to complete your account. All of the steps are you required to purchase bitcoin.
Begin with verifying your phone number and continue with the rest.
The verification process is automatic and shoudn't take more than 15 minutes.
Step 3
You are almost finished. Now comes the fun part,buying bitcoin.
Navigate the Buy/Sell option.
Select Bitcoin, choose the payment method and enter the amount you would like invest.
Now click on the buy button and that's it! Now you are a Bitcoin owner!
Your bitcoin will now be stored in your coinbase account.
Have any questions?
Please feel free to use the live chat and I will answer any questions you have about bitcoin or cryptocurrency in general. Thanks!Pictures from the last day of school.
Hey, also it has been two years since I started this blog yay. Which means it is 1/8 of my age which is 12.5% of my life.
(see how I'm using my E math knowledge right here)
Plus first o level paper today.
...............idek what to say about myself except THANK GOODNESS I SAW SHAOMIN if not i would've died and gotten 0 for english which means 0 FOR EVERY OTHER DAMN THING BC ENGLISH IS L1?? Idk la I feel damn embarrassed for being late la imagine the worry i caused??? I don't wanna show my face ANYWHERE ANYMORE wlao a 16 year old shouldn't have to go through all this shit hahhahha AIYA what is wrong with me am I bipolar?????
(Shaomin if you are reading this one day I treat you to ice cream ok i think you saved my life today.)
In other news, I wanna eat ice cream everyday why don't they allow us to bring food into the exam hall. And I really wish every other upcoming paper is as manageable as English la freaking shit just so UGH what if I end up in the frikkin dumpster?!
UGHHHHHH GOODBYE END OF THIS ANGSTY-WORRIED POST.
(25 more days till the end of o's)
(I also really want to do some online shopping with no spending limits)1988 Suzuki Samurai; Dry climate Colorado vehicle--not rusted, not modified.
Price: US $4,100.00
- Location: Gunnison, Colorado, United States
- Condition: Used
- Make: Suzuki
- Model: Samurai
- SubModel: convertible
- Type: Convertible
- Year: 1988
- Mileage: 118,780
- VIN: JS4JC51C7J4260145
- Color: Blue
- Engine size: 1.3 L 4cyl
- Number of cylinders: 4
- Fuel: Gasoline
- Transmission: Manual
- Drive type: 4WD
- Interior color: Black
- Drive side: Left-hand drive
- Vehicle Title: Clear
1988 Suzuki Samurai description
1988 Samurai. Aluminum alloy rims, otherwise completely stock. I have enjoyed this Sammy for better than six years as a local "get out into the Country" vehicle, and it is still good for more adventures. These little trucks were probably not the best for long distance highway but instead are great for the country/around town-driving. Finish is faded, but not rusted, as our climate is sunny and dry. The interior needs reupholstering, but still works. A new soft top was installed five months ago. Engine starts right up, even in below zero conditions and doesn't smoke, overheat or leak oil. 4x4 and hubs work great. All gauges and instruments are working. Tires are good. Auction winner will need to pay a minimum amount of $500, via PayPal, within 24 hours of the auction finish, with the remaining balance due within 7 days of the auction finish. Buyer is responsible for transportation of the Samurai. I will be happy to provide storage for this vehicle for up to two weeks, free of charge, after the final payment, if you prefer. Please ask any and all questions prior to bidding. Thanks and happy Bidding!
Contact the sellerRoutes : North America : United States : Oregon : Smith Rock : 01. Picnic Lunch Wall Area : Picnic Lunch Wall : Coleslaw and Chemicals**
Coleslaw and Chemicals** - 5.13a
Route sequence (left to right): 0
Route Summary | Ascent Notes (2)
Premier Sponsor:
Description:balancey 5.12 on rounded holds to a good rest, then 12+ funkness, including a cruxy deadpoint to a small nubbin. Very technical. Feels really hard till you have it figured out. Used to be 12d; some holds broke off and edges crumbled. 13a in the new Watts book coming out soon.
Submitted by: david_smithrock on 2006-08-30
Last Modified: 2007-01-06
Views: 818
Route ID: 79310
2 Ascents Recorded
coleslaw
weird route, had only ever been on it in the rain. Came back this time and sent 5th try over 2 days. Such a baffling crux at first, but finally figured good beta. the climbing down low is good, but the crux is just so heinous that I can't love the route.
split my tip on my send go. Definitely the least enjoyable 13 i've done at smith (or anywhere...)
split my tip on my send go. Definitely the least enjoyable 13 i've done at smith (or anywhere...)
Added: 2017-09-23
Ascent Note
Cruxy deadpoint to a nubbin, then another deadpoint to a crimper at the anchor. (although I think the crux is getting to the pocket down lower) A precision climb!
Witnessed by: Mike S.
Added: 2006-08-30
Added: 2006-08-30New video link to full story
CHICAGO is a great city to live and visit. But a friend of mine from overseas shared this documentary with me yesterday. In this recently produced video, Ross Kemp exposes the serious problem with heroin addiction, not only within Chicago’s inner city, but in “Middle America” suburban neighborhoods.
My friends first comment was “this video sure is bad for tourist who are thinking of visiting Chicago”. So I watched this incredible series and was shocked to see Kemp’s findings. The frightening details of how heroin has infiltrated Chicago, was mind-boggling. I live here and did not know about most of what he uncovered. Did you know the Eisenhower (29o expressway) is known as “Heroin Alley”? Well, I sure had not heard that. He filmed the drug trade and dealers who hang out along the side of the expressway. Did you know huge numbers of suburban addicts visit this area to buy drugs?
His series called “Ross Kemp Extreme World” is well produced and extremely graphic. Kemp clearly risked his life interviewing drug dealers and users throughout this documentary. It has sad moments of regular people now addicted, in action. They shot actual footage of them injecting the drugs, having seizures close to overdosing, and cutting the heroin. One of the suburban young women interviewed, said 70% of her friends were users. Wow!
If you want a closer look into Chicago’s drug problem, this is a must see. ALL OF THEM. As he digs in deep you will be amazed at his findings and that this happening right under our noses. At one point a dealer says the Chicago police are involved and some are also addicts. That’s not too surprising after watching this documentary.
If I was a tourist watching this documentary, I would sure be afraid to visit Chicago. Let’s hope this does not discourage them. Take some time out to watch and share it with others. It will blow your mind! Why isn’t our news media reporting this? Maybe our new Mayor Raum Emanuel will investigate.
Ross Kemp has received international recognition as an investigative journalist for his critically acclaimed and award-winning documentary series Ross Kemp on Gangs. He is an award-winning British actor, journalist and author.
WATCH MORE VIDEO’S HERE:
EPISODE 1 PT 2:
EPISODE 1 PT 3:
PFO
May 12, 2011 at 2:41 pm
The Ross Kemp piece is so sad but very typical of how life is out here now.
Muhsin Githitu
August 1, 2011 at 7:51 am
Ross kemp is the rare bred of journalist who dares the most feared terrains just to bring you first hand info. He’s an inspiration to many up coming journalists and a living example of what real journalism is about.
immigrantgirlh
August 15, 2011 at 2:03 pm
Believe it or not, Ross Kemp started off as an actor…first in a well known soap and then various drama series produced in England. He took a break before returning with his hard hitting documentaries. I saw a show a few weeks ago (I will try and find it) about the Heroin problem in Chicago..one suburban female user called the 290 Heroin highway. It was shocking how quickly the problem was spreading..it’s moving at the same rate at what would be legally termed an “epidemic.” I love Chitown…it has a great deal to offer and this wouldn’t put me off going again. However, for those unfamiliar with the area/city I agree that you are right…this may well put off some potential tourists.
Mark
December 7, 2011 at 10:41 pm
when are you going to do your x factor recap? i need you to get on this, as i enjoy reading your thoughts…
brittaj
December 8, 2011 at 3:53 pm
Thanks Mark! Here is my update from yesterday I also created a separate category for X Factor blogs to make them easier to find, since they are so popular! 🙂
Econometrics Group
January 16, 2012 at 9:19 am
Britta,
regarding your comments on QL’s zing blog;
“…This is a great article. While some still seem to dispute this article, which is better? Continuing to pay rent and feed the pocket of landlords?”
While this is half right, you failed to address the issue of DP and DTI.
Just because it may make more sense to buy than rent, does NOT mean, this should be the standard operating procedure. Again, most re persons seem to think that there are droves of buyers with cash in hand waiting to buy a house.
IF a potential buyer has the proper DP, earns a sufficient amount of money, has a savings
of 6 months to pay the mortgage, then yes. it is better to buy than rent. Otherwise, NO
it is does not make sense to take the risk. There is just not not risk factored in to buying
residential real estate. Something that is sorely missing.
Unfortunately, Most of the potential buying pool does not have sufficient DP and/or can qualify for a loan.This is not entirely the banks fault either, as so many re agents point to. 80% to 90% of buyers should not be buying a home- unless they have a minimum of 15% down and purchase a home within a 25% to 28% DTI. Not this 30% to 35% range that has been the case in the past.
RE persons have to take a different approach to real estate. Just because we depend on commissions and sales, does not mean it is okay to hick buying homes to anyone.
The buying pool has been narrowed and we have to be selective in who we try to
sell houses to. We have a responsibility as much as the bank does. Thinking otherwise
is irresponsible.
brittaj
January 18, 2012 at 6:47 pm
Thanks for your feedback.
It is true that everyone is not in the position to purchase a home. This blog was only to address those who are in the position to buy. However, the pricing is finally at affordable rates and if someone has decent credit, solid employment and is paying more in rent than a mortgage, it is a great option. As a real estate agent, my goal is to assist potential homeowners and help assess their situation. Making a commission selling to someone who cannot afford a home, would make me lose sleep at night.
Down payments are a big piece of the puzzle but FHA 3.5% down loans are popular and offer support to those with little readily available funds. Debt to income is looked at when renting a home, so it would likely be already at a good balance. FHA offers loans to those with approx. 41% DTI so many qualify and don’t even know it. Bottomline, people should take the time to analyze their overall situation and discuss with experienced professionals before buying to insure we do not see a repeat of the housing crash.
The media sometimes makes it seem as though NO ONE should buy and this is just not the case.
Econometrics Group
January 25, 2012 at 6:16 pm
Good points Britta.
jolene sailer
May 10, 2012 at 12:32 am
Brittaj, tried to upload video, but it said it is no longer available. Do you have another link we can see and learn from this video you are talking about? Thank you.
brittaj
May 10, 2012 at 12:33 am
LET ME CHECK…MAYBE THEY PULLED IT.
brittaj
May 10, 2012 at 12:34 am THIS IS THE FIRST LINK…Kenters,
I love that you ask to play "hok-spotch". I love how you look when you're jumping during "hok-spotch.
On another note, I love how you are so attached to your older brother. You sit up close to him while you both have the entire couch to yourselves, you beg to sleep in the same bed as him, even though you sleep directly below him in the bottom bunk, you wait looking outside the window every afternoon hoping to catch a glimpse of his school bus, you hesitate to go in to class when he moved on to another Sunday School, you walk around in circles when he is not here at home to entertain you, you copy him, you cheer for him when he is practicing baseball, and you desire desperately to gain his approval. I just love that you love him.Von Schmutzer Update – Mission 3
I now have completed the third mission. Our gallant Leutnant has continued with his success; here are his mission stats:
He is averaging almost 21 VPs per mission, which equates to a decisive victory. If he keeps it up, he will have made a great contribution to the Kaiser’s war effort.
Report for mission 3:
I was once again assigned to patrol over the trenches, and once again I spotted an enemy aircraft as soon as I took off. My first pass was unsuccessful, but I turned around and drew a bead on him as he tried to flee. My shots struck true, rupturing his fuel line and setting the craft ablaze.
[Despite his advantages, von Schmutzer only managed a tie in the first round of battle so no shots were fired. In the second round, the Leutnant won 8-3 and then rolled a 3 for damage – enemy destroyed.]
The skies were quiet as I made my way to the trenches and began to patrol. Some AA fire passed harmlessly by me. Then the enemy came in force. First, I tangled with a lone bomber. I managed a few telling shots before my opponent was able to flee. Then I encountered another bomber. I took my time lining up my shot, then let loose. I did some damage, but the rear gunner returned fire, forcing me to veer away. I returned to the chase and lined up again. I thought I had a good shot, but I failed to do any damage. Concentrating, I blazed away again. This time, smoke erupted from my target, and he plunged to the earth.
[Again, von Scmutzer tied in the first round. He scored some structural damage in the second round. The bomber won in the third round but scored no damage. Von Schmutzer’s shot in the fourth round failed but on the fifth round, the Leutnant won 9-3 and rolled a 12 for damage to shoot down his enemy.]
By now, my fuel was low. On my way home, I spotted an enemy fighter. He must have been brave and experienced for he showed no fear of my Eindekker but decided to pursue me. As he dashed toward me, I sideslipped and poured shot into him. I believe I hit him because he veered off. I would have liked to have continued our duel, but my fuel reserves were dangerously low. I decided to take the opportunity afforded and dash for home. I was able to make it back without further incident.
[On turn 8, von Scmutzer encountered an enemy fighter over the trenches. The fighter was also an Ace so it could have been a great duel. Von Schmutzer won the first round 6-4 (note that I am not adding all the mods to the rolls anymore, instead, I just add the difference between the opposing plane mods to von Scmutzer’s roll. In this case, von Schmutzer’s mods were +4+1 = 5 compared to +3+1 = 4 so the net difference was +1). The damage indicated a pilot hit. Realizing that he could not back it back home if he continued the combat, von Schmutzer reluctantly broke off the fight.]Nov 16, 2015
LG watch is the first device that offers the new feature that supports its line of devices of Android wear.
Nov 16, 2015
AT&T and DirecTV's proposed merger has gained significant steam, the company said during its second quarter earnings call.
Nov 16, 2015
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced Monday that two lawyers from the Department of Justice's antitrust division will be heading up the agency's inquiry into major proposed mergers in the telecommunicationsPumpkins are the quintessential sign that fall has arrived.
I love to see them popping up in many different forms and colors. For my article in the fall issue of Cottages and Bungalows magazine I wrote an article featuring pumpkin and gourd crafts.
Pictured below are the "how-to" steps for creating
a whimsical felted pumpkin...enjoy!
Felt Pumpkin
Materials:
Felt (pumpkin) and coordinating solid color cotton fabrics (stem and leaves)
Manila folder and pen or pencil
Small bag of cotton fiberfill (and pebbles)
Needle and thread
Florist wire
Scissors
Glue gun and glue sticks
Brown marker or brown shoe polish
Instructions:
1. Make a template for the pumpkin “panels” using a manila folder. The widest width is 3” and the length is 12” (see photo).
2. Cut out 12 pattern pieces using the manila template from a fabric of choice.
3. Pin panels right sides together.
4. Stitch the panels together to form the pumpkin shape (it will be inside out) and leave a small opening for filling.
5. Turn pumpkin right side out and fill with fiberfill or batting. Sometimes it is helpful to add weight to the pumpkin so consider tucking a few small clean rocks into the center of the filling. Close the opening once filled with a few stitches.
6. Create a fabric stem or use a real twig or branch. Sew or hot glue the stem at the top of the pumpkin.
7. Make leaves by cutting a 5” x 5” square of fabric. Hand sketch or use a template to create a leaf pattern on the fabric square and neatly cut out the design.
8. For a realistic detail, hand-stitch the leaf veins using contrasting thread.
9. Hot glue lengths of wire to the back of the leaves to give them shape then hot glue in place at the base of the stem. Make a few vines by wrapping wire around a pencil then glue the wire vine at the base of the stem near the leaves.
To give the felt an aged appearance, lightly darken along the seams with a brown marker or a touch of brown shoe polish.
Be careful and have a gentle touch!
This project was featured in the Fall issue of
Cottages and Bungalows magazine...
Let this fall holiday craft project be your guide...
...then add your own personal spin.
Create pumpkins in colors that tickle your fancy and add embellishments that coordinate to your personal style.
The next thing you know...you’ll have a pretty pumpkin patch
sprouting up right inside your home.M A G A Z I N E
JAN/FEB 2012
VOL. 1 NO. 5
OutServe Leadership Co-director Co-director DC Operations/Spokesperson Service Academies/Spokesperson Media Operations VP Global Development
Josh Seefried (J.D. Smith) Ty Walrod Jonathan Hopkins Katie Miller Sue Fulton Thomas Nibbio
OutServe Magazine Executive Editor Managing Editor Operations/Art Director Copy/Web Editor Associate Editor Associate Editor Social Media Head of Distribution Contributor Contributor
Jonathan Mills Eddy Sweeney Angelina Leger David Small Neal Simspon Liza Swart Caleb Sutton, John Tegeler, Shannon Ouimet, Justin Detroit William Britton Kody Parsons Luis Gutierrez
Partner with US
Editorial Board Jonathan Mills Eddy Sweeney Angelina Leger Dr. Nathaniel Frank M. S. David Small
Subscribe
DIGITAL MAGAZINE visit and sign up for our digital magazine — also available for mobile devices!
Contact: Angelina Leger advertise@outserve.org for more information about how this can be your space :)
OutServe Partners
PRINT MAGAZINE Individuals: Visit to purchase the Magazine in print Unit Leadership: E-mail distribution@outserve.org with your unit’s mailing address, and we’ll send bulk issues — absolutely free! FOLLOW US:
facebook.com/outserve facebook.com/outservemag
@OutServeUS @OutServeMag
OutServe Magazine is an initiative founded and operated solely by non-Department of Defense affiliates. While Magazine content is managed primarily by actively serving military professionals, the articles, advertisements, and artwork in this publication do not reflect the opinions or official position of the Department of Defense or the United States Government. ISSN 2161-3370 (Print version) ISSN 2161-3389 (Online version)
Contact: tom nibbio email: tom@outserve.org for more information on becoming an OutServe Partner.
Published on Jan 30, 2012
Published on Jan 30, 2012
OutServe Magazine | Jan-Feb 2012milf masterbate big nipples very beautiful wire nude OLD PORN STAR CLAUDIA
snapping pussy sleeping cousin porn
ေဒါက္တာဘသစ္ fat fucked xxx. fir sabtvsex.com
asian pornstar www napale sax xxx 3 g download
cable tray cad drawings costume sex shoolsxexxx Only desi bara and pate change viedo hd
womensquirting shoolsxexxx
black cumming pussy Only desi bara and pate change viedo hd
www napale sax xxx 3 g download couples seducing teens
asian slave tube
sleeping cousin porn kira reed lesbian videos big nipples very beautiful wire nude
porn star nicole sheridan kristina rose swallow
pole dancer nude
gemukvideoporn big tit babe
sexi leggingsgranny porn pics granny anal videos
Cute dark haired teen girl Belle Knox with natural tits and shaved pink pussy has a great time bouncing on her boyfriend's rock hard dick. big tit porn videos Enjoy the hot tape.
this aint gilligans island Beauty Stacey Rae looks amazing in clothes and even better after exposing! Now you could see her showing delights before stimulating clitoris and fingering wet twat.
pornstar escort
She oils them up so they could slide easily on a dick. mom vs teen.com cable tray cad drawings
Horny lesbian gal Dana Vespoli fucks a lovely blonde Cherie Deville with a strap on. girl sucking dick and getting fucked It's so hot in the office that sexy brunette,Trina Michaels begins to strip off her bra and panties.
sex pirn Milk covered blondes squirting to cover each other
nude blonde pics Lusty ebony lover threatens naughty Leena Sky with his weapon of love.lincauknab
mobile cumshot videos
Ivory Bell likes hardcore sex and she is ready to do everything to have it. evelyn lin videos
Guy spends unforgettable time with well-tanned brunette babe Victoria Sweet. women playing with themselves Hot lesbian girls Gina Devine and Mia Manarote are lying in position #69 and starting to give cunnilinguses to each other. She wants to find out how much effort she need to put in to make a guy cum on her.
fff lesbian cheerleaders She wants to find out how much effort she need to put in to make a guy cum on her. Hot lesbian girls Gina Devine and Mia Manarote are lying in position #69 and starting to give cunnilinguses to each other.The Equipment Hub is a new and used machinery dealer that provides superior industrial equipment solutions to manufacturers throughout the world. We operate in a 40,000 square foot warehouse and showroom located in Stone Mountain, Georgia. Established in December 2011, The Equipment Hub is a family run business with the core belief that superior customer service is of paramount importance for the success of our company and yours.
The Equipment Hub provides various services to help manufacturers achieve their new and used machinery goals. Whether you are looking to purchase or sell equipment, The Equipment Hub specializes in machinery used for metalworking and woodworking applications. Examples of new and used machinery on the metalworking side includes boring machinery, brakes, CNC machinery, drills, grinders, ironworkers, lathes, mills, plasma cutters, punch presses, saws, shears, welders, etc… Examples of machinery on the woodworking side includes boring machinery, CNC routers, door machinery, edge banders, end matchers, jointers, lathes, mortisers, planers, sanding machinery, saws, etc…. Feel free to contact us to schedule an appointment.
If you have used machinery to sell, we provide various solutions to help your company achieve the most practical solution to your asset reduction needs. Visit our services page to learn more about us and the solutions we provide.
We look forward to doing business with you and becoming a lifelong business partner. Contact us today to begin discussing your equipment needs.Having problems with your Kodak Easyshare C8?
Answers :
Hi there.
Yes you can put a few pictures on the SD card, you can transfer pictures back and forward while the camera is connected to the PC or you can transfer them via a card reader.
Thanks for choosing FixYa!!
Yes you can put a few pictures on the SD card, you can transfer pictures back and forward while the camera is connected to the PC or you can transfer them via a card reader.
Thanks for choosing be able to put pictures onto my computer from the camera.
You didn't specify the make and model camera, so I'll assume it uses a memory card of some type.The best way to download pictures from your camera to your computer involves removing the memory card from the camera and plugging it into aProduct Description
Mainline Baits Pro-Active Soft Expander Pellets 750gm
The Mainline Pro-Active Expander pellets are an extremely convenient, ready to use carp bait and no preparation
is needed other than to open the bag!
They can be used for a range of carp fishing methods and are ideal for carp, match or pleasure anglers.
They are available in a range of flavours in 750g bags:
Pineapple
Activ-8
Cell
Tuna
Tiger Nut
Clockwork Orange
Product Videos
Custom Field
Product Reviews
You May Also Like...
Mainline Baits Base Mixes
$15.99 (Inc. ON HST)
$14.15 (Ex. ON HST)
Korda Kiana Carp Goo
$17.59 (Inc. ON HST)
$15.57 (Ex. ON HST)
Mainline balanced 15mm Cell Wafters
$10.39 (Inc. ON HST)
$9.20 (Ex. ON HST)
Mainline Liquid Match Additives - PVA Friendly
$8.79 (Inc. ON HST)
$7.78 (Ex. ON HST)
Mainline Activ Maple-8 - 175ml Dedicated Hookbait Enhancement Systems
$16.30 (Inc. ON HST)
$14.42 (Ex. ON HST)
Mainline High Impact High Leakage Pineapple Boilies 1kg
$16.79 (Inc. ON HST)
$14.86 (Ex. ON HST)
Mainline Activ Ades - 100ml
$12.79 (Inc. ON HST)
$11.32 (Ex. ON HST)6 guests
3 bedrooms
5 beds
2 baths
6 guests
3 bedrooms
5 beds
2 baths
Stunning 3 bed 2 bath ocean view apartment in the heart of Surfers Paradise on level 33 at the 5-star Soul Resort.
Enjoy complete access to all of The Soul's luxurious facilities and the prime position on the beach front of Surfers Paradise.
The beach, restaurants and cafe's, shopping center's, nightlife, family entertainment and public transport are right at the front door.
Minimum nights may vary due to peak season.
Find more apartments when you search Holiday Holiday online.
Amenities
Lift
Family/kid friendly
Wireless Internet
Free parking on premises
Sleeping arrangements
Bedroom 1
1 king bed
Bedroom 2
1 king bed
Bedroom 3
2 single beds
House Rules
No smoking
Not suitable for pets
No parties or events
Check-in is anytime after 2PM
Cancellations
Accessibility
Lift
Explore other options in and around Surfers Paradise
More places to stay in Surfers Paradise:We're now on "Twitter"!
Posted by 5 on
We're happy to announce that we,under the moniker of 877ecamera (our ebay store name) are on Twitter!
We'll be "tweeting" new camera and other product arrivals, reminders of special events and other cool posts
so, find us at 877ecamera and join in the fun!!!
Share this post
- 0 comment
- Tags: CW News 1, Ebay, ebay store, moniker, new camera, product arrivals, reminders, Twitter
← Older Post Newer Post →ANNOUNCEMENT:
Our annual meeting and board election is scheduled for January 24th, 2018. Please click here for details!
Our mission is to create a resource for Sedona and the Verde Valley for the LGBTQ community and their allies. Working with local organizations, business and individuals we will educate, support and celebrate our diversity.
David Vega Hernandez - Lorenzo Giustino (Challenger Sevilla)
The match started at 17:30 on 10 September 2014.
Odds comparison
Below you will find a comparison of historical betting odds for the match between David Vega Hernandez and Lorenzo Giustino.
The comparison includes the following odds: Final result odds , 1st set winner odds , 1st player set win , 2nd player set win
2014-09-10 17:30 David Vega Hernandez -:
Frederico Gil - Daniel Munoz de la Nava
Boy Westerhof - Oriol Roca Batalla
Pablo Carreno-Busta - Adrian Menendez-MaceirasThe home of Sports Personality on BBC Sport online. The BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony will be held at Liverpool's Echo Arena. The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award took place on 18 December at the Genting Arena in Birmingham. It was the 63rd presentation of the Location : Genting Arena , Birmingham. The BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards takes place on Sunday night to celebrate another 12 months of sporting excellence, with the.
Retrieved 15 December After returning following the birth of her son to win world gold this year, Jessica Ennis-Hill tells Sean Ingle she wants to retain her Olympic crown and put a smile back on the face of athletics in In the s, Steve Davis finished in the top three on five occasions, including one win in BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year. Genting Arena , Birmingham. We and our partners also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". Viner, Brian 13 December Retrieved 3 February Andy Murray wins BBC Sports Personality of the Year — as it happened! A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Get Inspired Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z. Archived from the original on 5 December
0 Responses to “Bbc spoty”A 50,000 SF flex building 20' clear height available for sale in Beaumeade Technology Park (Dulles North)
A two building complex 18' clear, 50,000 and 75,000 SF flex buildings located in Dulles North at Beaumeade Technology Park
A three building complex tucked in behind the Dulles Towne Center Mall and the Best Buy/Lowes "Power Center"
A 90,000 SF flex building located at the Leesburg Airport in Leesburg Virginia.
5,747 SF & 1,100 SF of mezzanine space with two drive-ins, located in Leesburg, Virginia.Event Details
Northern!
Event Venue Map
56856616
NC Little Mermaid May 6 7pm
When & Where
Lou Soppit Community Center
4733 - 47 Street Kamikawa Drive
Rocky Mountain House,
Alberta T4T 1B2
Canada
Saturday, May 6 7pm Northern CrossingShare TweetGetting Rid of the Green-Eyed Monster in Your Marriage
- Dr. Gary and Barbara Rosberg America's Family Coaches
- 2011 27 Nov
It affects every marriage at one time or another - jealousy. In fact, in a nationwide survey, marriage counselors said jealousy is a problem for one-third of all couples they counsel.
Whether it's a mild or major case, jealousy can have a big impact on your relationship. You may feel jealousy when you experience the heightened threat from a rival. Most of us become jealous when we see our spouse having a great time with a person of the opposite sex - especially if that person seems a little too friendly. No matter how much your spouse may attempt to reassure you, another person's interest in him or her raises all your red flags.
Jealousy can be either healthy or unhealthy. Healthy jealousy is a means to guard your territory. It comes from a sincere care and commitment to a relationship. Unhealthy jealousy includes lies, threats, self-pity, and feelings of inadequacy, inferiority, and insecurity.
Healthy jealousy guards the heart of a marriage. It guards your jealousy that comes from your spouse in the form of warning of danger ahead. If your spouse is a secure person and desires to protect your marriage against cracks, you need to listen. Confront the issue head-on by finding the reason for the jealousy and then making changes to keep you both out of danger. Listen to your spouse. A husband understands how men think, so it would be foolish of his wife not to heed his warning. A wife can sense when other people have misguided motives. Her intuition is often right on target.
Regard healthy jealousy as a God-given gift that will keep you out of danger.. Women: Trust your husband's instincts. He knows what men want and how they pursue it.
Unhealthy jealousy is altogether different. It stems from comparing yourself to others and feeling inadequate, unimportant, inferior, and pitiful. When a person carries this jealousy to pathological extremes, it will dominate a relationship. Some spouses have experienced a lot of loss in life - whether it's divorce, death, or abandonment in childhood - and they may bring unresolved issues into the relationship in the form of jealousy..
Healthy jealousy can guard your heart and your spouse's heart. It can strengthen your marriage and bring you closer together. It can make you feel wanted and loved by your spouse. But when jealousy becomes unhealthy it is destructive and frustrating to contend with. Love is not jealous and possessive. True love thinks about what is best for the other person - not what is best for)
So how do you deal with jealousy in your marriage? Here are some tips for both spouses - whether you have a jealous spouse or you are the jealous spouse.
If you have a jealous spouse:
1. Assess whether you are doing something that provokes the jealousy.
2. Stop that activity or involvement for a time to show your spouse that you're committed to your marriage relationship.
3. Be demonstrative in love toward your spouse.
4. Talk openly with your spouse about the problem. Get his or her take on it (the feelings may be legitimate), and work together to find a solution.
If you are the jealous spouse:
1. Listen to a few trusted friends. Your jealousy may be your own problem, not your spouse's.
2. Be honest with yourself. Ask what is causing the feelings. Are you trying to manipulate?
3. Spend time with God.
4. Think about your spouse more positively. Jealous people use their anxious thoughts and suspicions as cues to misread anything that their spouses do. Instead, take a deep breath and pray - for yourself and for your spouse.
5. Express your feelings to your spouse. Own up to your jealousy. Be honest without being blaming or manipulative.
Originally posted January 5,.Cool Technology is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for motivation about you search. The exactly dimensions of Cool Technology was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Cool Technology by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Cool Technology just press another button or prior button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Cool Cool Technology on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Is the Panasonic G3 or GH2 clean at base ISO?
Tim,
I did have a look at the D3, and it was noise free, then i had a look at the D7000 (great performer) and it wasnt noise free, in fact you could see the blurring maybe from NR in RAW in the blue channels.
I actually learnt something from him it was an insightful post. It speaks directly to what the OP was talking about, noise in Blue skys in RAW with NR turned off. If one the best performers for sensors today shows it, then the idea you are going to get clean skys at base ISO with any crop camera is a dream.
Ab
--
alatchinphotography.com
“Imagination is more important than knowledge. For
knowledge is limited to all we now know and
understand, while imagination embraces the entire
world, and all there ever will be to know and
understand.” - Albert EinsteinPosition: UI Designer
Location: San Antonio
Status: Freelance; ONSITE
Estimated Duration: 24+ Months (FT HOURS)
Starts: February 2018
Rate: JR.: $36/hour
Rate: SR.: $44/hour
Job Description:
Calling all levels of UI DESIGNERS! We have a HOT NEED for a 2 year contract with a well-known client based in San Antonio!
In this role:
* Applies maturing knowledge of web design and production at the product or channel level.
* Collaborates with team members to resolve design and/or technical issues and to identify appropriate issues for escalation.
* Provides input in determining design deliverables, developing work breakdown structures and schedules, and estimating costs and resource requirements.
* Participates in improvement and development initiatives conforming to published web standards.
* SR. UI Designer will guide and facilitate teams in the delivery of user interface solutions. Participates in the identification, evaluation, and recommendation of web technology solutions.
Skills/Experience:
JR. UI DESIGNER:
* 2+ years relevant design experience & Bachelor's degree in IT related field (or equivalent experience).
* Basic knowledge of web technology platforms, applications, and standards; basic knowledge of information architecture.
* Design skills using CS.
* HTML/CSS/JS experience.
SR. UI DESIGNER:
* 6+ years relevant design experience & Bachelor's degree in Fine Arts related field (or equivalent experience).
* Ability to effectively present design options for review, from concept through final production
* Ability to interact with other team members, both in the team and wider cross-functional capacity (technology, content, marketing, product development)
* Ability to justify and articulate design decisions
Salary: US$70000 - US$90000 per year
Receive Job Email Alerts:
Oops, an unexpected error occurred. Please check your network connection and try again.
Candidates only! It is NOT OK for recruiters or others to solicit this company. Richmond?
Answer : Flight prices fluctuate less than the majority of routes in the United States for DSM to RIC. They vary from $296 to $593. Remember, you can save by booking further in advance.
Question : If your plans are flexible, have you considered changing your departure day?
Answer : The cheapest day to fly in January is Friday. Flexibility is paramount when booking travel plans in order to keep travel costs down.
Question : How many days should you spend in Richmond?
Answer : Over the next two months, passengers from DSM to RIC are planning on staying for 16 days on average.
Question : Which airline has been on time from Des Moines International Airport (DSM) to Richmond International Airport (Byrd Field) (RIC) the most?
Answer : NetJets Aviation will have you to RIC on schedule 100% of the time. Spend as little time in an airport as necessary by flying with NetJets Aviation. Perfection is hard to come by, so hopefully it continues.
Question : Which airline is offering the cheapest flight from DSM to RIC?
Answer : United Airlines is offering the best deal at $296. Better snatch it up quickly because prices range all the way up to $593 over the next three months.
Question : How often is the Des Moines International Airport (DSM) to Richmond International Airport (Byrd Field) (RIC) route delayed?
Answer : This particular route gets passengers to Richmond International Airport (Byrd Field) on time 50% of the time, which puts it in the 37th percentile worldwide. When there is a delay, it averages less than half an hour.
Question : What's the likelihood of you being delayed on this route?
Answer : The best measurement of overall promptness combines both on-time percentage and total delay minutes. DSM to RIC currently has 2 stars out of 5, earning it one of the lower scores in the world.
Sometimes you just need to get out of town or maybe you’re looking for a change of scenery. Regardless of the reason, a flight from Des Moines DSM to RIC RIC with hotels and car rentals to score even bigger savings.
All set to hit the clouds? Book your travel arrangements with us today and have left-over money to put toward your travel outings and adventures.With the continuous and aggressive involvement of companies like etc the Global Consumer Pressure Washers Market to see a great growth in coming years says a latest research report available at
Electric Motor, Petrol Engine, Diesel Engine Product are the main product types to drive Consumer Pressure Washers Market with the applications in Residential, Commercial, Industrial. Purchase Global Consumer Pressure Washers Market latest research report studies for regions like North America, Europe, China, Asia-Pacific (excluding China), ROW:[Updated 7:00 p.m. with marketing and judgment of loan] Residential developer Toll Brothers won a foreclosure auction held today with a $35.5 million bid for the property at 276-280 Third Avenue at the corner of 22nd Street in the Gramercy Park neighborhood, along with air rights from four other properties.
Toll Brothers plans to build a 21-story apartment building with approximately 80 units, which would include retail space, company spokesperson Christine Sciarrotta said. The developer has not yet decided if the units will be rentals or condominiums.
Developers Norman Kaish and Leonard Taub, under the name Gramercy Park Land, began putting the assemblage together in 2006, and borrowed $30.5 million from UBS Real Estate Investments, city property records show. But the company defaulted on the loan, and UBS pursued a foreclosure. Gramercy Park Land filed for bankruptcy in March 2011.
The total site can support a 105,000-square-foot project, according to an article in March 2011 by Real Estate Alert. A team led by Jonathan Caplan, an executive managing director at commercial brokerage Jones Lang LaSalle, represented UBS in its efforts to market the loan. The loan had a judgment totaling about $46 million, court records showed.
The auction bid comes to a price of $338 per buildable foot.
The court-ordered sale was held in the New York State Supreme Courthouse in Lower Manhattan. There were approximately a half-dozen bidders.
Paolo Zampolli, senior vice president at Prudential Douglas Elliman and a potential buyer of the site, sent a lawyer to the auction to represent him in the bidding, but he was only prepared to bid up to $25 million, he said.
“Gramercy is one of the best places in New York City,” he said. “But the bidding went beyond my range.”Having problems with your Canon Rebel XT / EOS 350D Digital Camera ?
C-150 OLYMPUS DIGITAL CAMERA
\015 I HAVE LOST THE DISC TO MY CAMERA AND WANT TO TRANSFER PHOTOS TO A NEW LAPTOP WITH WINDOWS VISTA. IS IT POSSIBLE TO DOWNLOAD THE INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE.\015\012\015\012My desktop broke and I want to transfer pics from my canon rebel xt and my newer laptop with Vista says it cannot locate a program to do so, any advice?\015
Answers :.
Repair Help & Product Troubleshooting for Canon Rebel XT / EOS 350D neeed to reset the camera - Olympus SP-720UZ Black Digital Camera Digital Cameras
... Olympus SP-720UZ Black Digital Camera Digital CamerasAvailability: In Stock
SKU: 79859
Dress you little one up for the festive season in this adorable Toddler Snowman Costume.
They will love this costume with it's easy to wear jumpsuit and matching snowman face hat with googly eyes. Twig arms run along the jumpsuit arms with a cute robin taking a perch on the right side. A matching bobble hat and snowflake scarf complete the costume.
Please note costume does not include white trainers.
Costume includes: Jumpsuit, Hat.
Sizes for this costume are:
Have a question about this product? Why not get in touch by completing the boxes below.
Got this costume? Want your photo to appear here? Tag your Instagrams with @jokersmasquerade and #jokers79859.How do I tag my photos?By now you must have heard that a group of Northern Nigerian youths have issued an ultimatum to Ndi’Ig, “why should somebody, a professor of law, former commissioner, a pastor of a highly reputed church like the Redeemed Christian Church of God, will descend this low to appoint people from one side in a multi ethnic society?”
After the the acting President published his staff list to prove that Yerima’s ‘condemned’ Obasanjo administration and charged with treason because he called for self determination of the Niger-Delta.
In 1993 and 1996 the Abacha administration jailed Gani Fawehinmi for months and charged him with treasonable offenses (holding a political rally against the government)..Quick background story...
My Mum had a housemate with a 6 year old daughter who were living with her up until 2 weeks ago.
We pop in regularly and the twins (4yo) usually have a sleepover on Friday nights. I haven't liked this girl after I caught her yelling at the girls that she was going to "Boot them up the bum" for standing on the front gate. Words were exchanged and I thought there were no more issues.
Today the girls said "We better not go in there or C will smack us on the bottom again", I asked them about it and they said they'd gone into her bedroom and she smacked them. The way they said it and because of the other incident I most certainly believe them.
I am SO angry and not sure how to confront her over it. I'm not sure when it happened but I'm not going to just ignore this, I've spoken to the girls and said if anything like this ever happens they are to tell us straight away because it's not on.
My first thought was that I'd like to see how she likes being smacked but obviously that's immature and two wrongs don't make a right.
Any advice on how to ask her about it?
+ Reply to Thread
Results 1 to 10 of 12
Don't know how to confront this person
Smacking being thoroughly legal in Oz, I can't really see you have a leg to stand on. It's a crying shame.
Oh. Here I was thinking you were talking about HER children! Hopefully you never see her again.
Last edited by MilkingMaid; 06-08-2013 at 12:53.
Is this woman some kind of family friend? Do you or your mother intend on having future contact with her?
I'm just a little confused, if she has moved out 2 weeks ago, why you would want to go looking for her to have a confrontation? Sure, she sucks and was out of line but if you don't have to see her again, I wouldn't bother. Don't forward her mail or tell phone calls to your mothers house she's currently with DHS and can't come to the phone.
If you DO have some sort of relationship with this woman, start by asking her about the incident and gage her reaction. Maybe ask her to apologize to your children and subtly suggest that if she comes near your children in anger again you may just look at assault charges?
Good luck either way!!
Wow! Totally inappropriate! I'd speak to her straight up and tell her not to touch your children ever again!
Oh she moved out, sorry! Will you/your family see her again for any reason?
Could you please clarify if it was the 6 year old child who hit your girls or the mother of the 6 year old? I assumed from your post it was the child.
Either way it's not on, but the approach would differ depending on who the smacker is.
She's moved out but my Mum looks after her daughter so she still drops around regularly.
I don't want to start confrontation but definitely want to let her know it's not acceptable. And I hate that the girls seem to be so accepting of it too.
I would just leave it seeing she has moved out and you don't have to deal with her anymore. If it was my kids I would tell them they shouldn't have gone in the room.
Would you consider making a phone call to her to discuss it?
It might be easier than confronting her face-to-face. I'd be livid if anyone smacked my child, especially considering we don't discipline our child in such a way.
Similar Threads
Visual PersonBy RuffledPansy in forum General ChatReplies: 4Last Post: 28-07-2013, 21:28
Talking in 3rd PersonBy weazel in forum General Parenting Tips, Advice & ChatReplies: 11Last Post: 24-04-2013, 09:41
Are you a Night Person or a Morning Person?By bpac in forum General ChatReplies: 41Last Post: 11-02-2013, 22) !
Similarly, the castles are meant to symbolize the castles D. Afonso Henriques conquered during Portugal’s southward expansion during his reign (that said, they were added to the shield much later, and therefore serve more as pieces of symbolism than factual markings of his achievements).
In any case, our centuries-old association with [as] Quinas makes them a good symbol of the country, and they’re sometimes used to represent it metonymically: for example, if you hear A Equipa das Quinas in reference to a Portuguese national sports team (usually in the context of association football, but only because that’s the most widely talked-about sport), now you know exactly what people mean by this!
Have a nice week, and see you next Wednesday for a new Word of the Week!At the beginning of August, in best barbecuing weather, branch manager Andreas Bez and the members of the local workforce gathered for a day of fun and celebration on the premises of the Blumenbecker branch in Zeitz, where they were also joined by local mayor Christian Thieme and also Blumenbecker Managing Director Ralf Herzog. The reason for the event was to mark the 25th anniversary of the setting-up of Blumenbecker Technik GmbH’s site in Zeitz.
From their location in Zeitz, the 20 employees provide technical service for cranes, lifting devices and industrial gates and doors to customers as far away as Leipzig and the “Middle German Chemical Triangle”. And indeed, despite the special occasion, some members of the service team were unable to attend as they were away, working at customers’. The skilled industrial electronics technicians and mechanical fitters find themselves most often working at foundry businesses in the region. “They are our principal clients,” says Andreas Bez, who puts the number of customers at around 100.
The head office of Blumenbecker Technik GmbH is located Bad Lauchstädt, but around a sixth of its annual sales turnover of approx. 15 million euros is generated by the Zeitz branch.“ Zeitz is currently growing very strongly,” Ralf Herzog is pleased to report. That means, among other things, that it is constantly on the lookout for new qualified service technicians and fitters (male/female).If you're after 360 degree views of Dubai, this tower could be for you.
Rotating orb designed to sit under the Hollywood sign wins house of the year competition
It looks like a meteor that crashed to earth but this irregular blob is actually a house design that has just won an architecture competition for innovation.
The otherworldly project named Ambivalent House rotates 360 degrees on an axis above the ground and is covered in solar energy panels and tiny porthole windows.
It was named as the winner of architectural-research group Arch Out Loud‘s “House of the Future” competition, where the expert jury complimented its “continual transformation … futuristic aesthetic … and cinematic view adding to the landscape”.
This otherworldly project, named Ambivalent House, has been named the house of the future. Photo: Hirsuta
If it were to be built, the house would sit underneath Los Angeles’ iconic Hollywood sign on land that has been offered up by the Last house on Mulholland organisation – though it looks more like a prop from a Hollywood film than a family home.
In its winning proposal LA-based firm Hirsuta said it wanted the house to complement the strangeness of the landscape in a way that was unique and not overpowering.
“This neighbourhood surely ranks among the strangest in Los Angeles: a natural landscape that seems both near and far, the world-famous sign that happened by accident, a gigantic radio tower, and coyotes.
If it gets built the house would sit under Los Angeles’ iconic Hollywood Hills sign. Photo: Hirsuta.
“Strangest of all are the people. In a case like this it seems best not to measure against any of this context directly or on its terms, as if to compete with the sign with yet another sign.”
The competition, which received more than 500 entries, asked architects to submit concepts for a single family home that had environmentally friendly technology and boldly used the site.
“The idea for a competition came from [the site’s owner] Steve recognising that such a prominent location needs a story, and its design should make a statement beyond another luxury home in the Hollywood Hills,” says Arch Out Loud’s Nick Graham.
The different angles of the house as it rotates. Photo: Hirsuta
“The location can serve as a platform and its architecture a precedent for sustainability, future lifestyle, and iconic architecture.”
If this design gives us insight into the future of architecture, it’s going to be vastly different from our homes now.
The scale-like skin on the outside of the home is functional as well, providing enough solar energy to power the house, meaning it could go off the grid.
Studio di Architettura ‘the Eclipse’ project was awarded owner’s choice in the competition. Photo: Studio di Architettura
Above the basement on the ground floor is a circular kitchen in the centre and what looks to be a bedroom next to the staircase.
On the second floor is an enormous open-plan living room while the top floor has a rooftop terrace, which would show different views as the house rotates 360 degrees in the space of a year.
But is the design too out there and ambitious to ever get built?
Graham said there aren’t plans for construction yet. “It may be the realisation of a particular proposal, or it may be a combination of ideas that were submitted to the competition,” he said.
The owner’s choice award was given to Studio di Architettura for its “the Eclipse” project, a perfect glass circle that spans four storeys.
Have you seen...
We recommend
Money & Markets
Here’s why your phone bills aren’t dropping
January 9, 2009 Alton Brown Got Nothin’ On Me (343/365) Project 365 // Day 343 It’s January 9, so that means self portrait day. Share this:TwitterFacebookEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading... Related
0 thoughts on “Alton Brown Got Nothin’ On Me (343/365)”
That is so cool Pat! And the Ove-Glove!! Rock on!
Misss last blog post..Hard Hitting Questions: Answered
I’m really hoping you got approval from the Mrs. to do an Alton Brown modification on the oven to take the picture 🙂 Cutting holes in appliances to take pictures can get you in serious trouble with the Mrs.
Cool shot, BTW.
OhCaptains last blog post..How timely! How to use Google Reader
the OVE-GLOVE rocks. Santa brought it, and we MUST go get another.
So, is the camera inside the oven?
VegasDads last blog post..tagged
indeed.
Looking at the mitt, your cautious expression and the items about to be baked, I’d guess the oven was preheated to about 350-400 degrees.
Question: Were you confident the camera would survive such extreme exposure… or, were you simply using James’ camera?
Rick Astleys last blog post..Lucius Q. Cincinnatus
Oh, man! Please tell me you didn’t put Jame’s camera in the oven.
Ed (zoesdad)s last blog post..She’ll Do the Same With the Yogurt Ones
Very ‘hot’ photo!
Tara R.s last blog post..For better or worse…
Okay.. HOW???
And what are you cooking?
KEEP BELIEVING
Angies last blog post..she’s got eyes of the bluest skies…
I love this so much, PG!
Excellent! Wow…I just…I love it! Nice tip to Alton Brown too. Very fun.
MangyCats last blog post..Considering
Very cool point of view.
I am so putting my camera in the freezer tonight!
Idaho Dads last blog post..Message in the Sand
meatballs or cookies? hard to tell.
Karens last blog post..I’m Getting Ahead Of Myself But I Gotta Show You This!
Ha, awesome! I don’t think I could cough up the courage to get this shot. I’d be so afraid I would mess my camera up.
Brians last blog post..January 10
Hi Pat. You have some good shots on your site. Great idea for the shot there… good angle. Thanks for dropping by my site today. 🙂
Tom Sheehans last blog post..Raising a flag Norwell, MassachusettsContent count489
Joined
Last visited
Everything posted by mukki
- Halloween tiki drinks from Three Dots and a Dash in Chicago. First one is their painkiller (which contains a pandan syrup and was delicious), second one was a cacao nib infused rum with coconut and pineapple.
- Skullduggery from Tiki Drinks: passionfruit puree, dark rum, overproof rum, pineapple juice and coconut cream.
What did you buy at the liquor store today? (2016 - )
mukki replied to a topic in Spirits & CocktailsAnother run to Hi-Times. Doing some tiki exploration.
- Does this count as modern tiki? Plantation pineapple rum, coconut cream, lime, kaffir lime and salt.
Cocktail Software, Apps, & Databases
mukki replied to a topic in Kitchen ConsumerDoes anyone know what happened to the Speakeasy Cocktail app? I bought it a few years ago, but it's disappeared off my phone and the app store says it's been "removed".
- Thanks for the replies! Off to order some cinnamon syrup, too....
"The PDT Cocktail Book"
mukki replied to a topic in Spirits & CocktailsI recently defrosted a package of Goya passionfruit puree and was looking for some drinks to use it in and came across PDT's Luau (not remembering that I actually made one years ago and posted it in this thread!). This time I reduced the rums to 2 oz - having made a few tiki drinks recently, I'm not sure I'm ready for 2 oz+ drinks in the middle of the day - and increased the passionfruit puree by 1/2 oz. While I liked the drink last time (apparently) and noted that it was a strong drink, I loved it this time. Used Skipper rum and Appleton Reserve. I came across Skipper after having a Hua Hin Beach cocktail at Kin Khao in SF (Skipper rum, lime, coconut cream, salt, kaffir lime and chocolate stout) and am a longtime fan of Appleton.
- Any opinions on the BG Reynold's falernum syrup? I've only used the John Taylor Velvet Falernum and am not quite up to making my own yet. Hi Times carries Tippleman's Falernum, but haven't seen that mentioned anywhere either.
What Cookbooks Are you Actively Using?
mukki replied to a topic in Cookbooks & ReferencesAll of Fuchsia Dunlop's books. I cook out of them at least 3 days a week. What does everyone like out of Japanese Farm Food? I've flagged a bunch of recipes, but haven't made any of them.
Good Italian baking/pastry books?
mukki replied to a topic in Cookbooks & ReferencesI haven't baked much from it, but there is also Rosetta Constantino's Southern Italian Desserts.
Cocktail Books: The Topic
mukki replied to a topic in Spirits & CocktailsHaven't read the whole book yet, but thought it was interesting that his tests show that room temp limes do NOT yield more juice than chilled ones. I've been leaving my limes on the counter (where they deteriorate faster), but now just put them in the fridge and juice them cold.
- Yes, I noticed most of the recipes immediately upthread are using double the rum...
- From the Small Hand Foods website: 1.5 oz aged Jamaican rum (I used Appleton Reserve) .75 oz lime juice .5 oz Cointreau .5 oz orgeat (I used St. Vincent orgeat) barspoon of demerera syrup Enjoyed this one very much, if a tad sweet.
Weekend trip to Napa Valley
mukki replied to a topic in California: DiningWe spend a few days in Napa every summer. Goose & Gander for the excellent gruyere burger and innovative + delicious cocktails. Redd Wood for salads (especially the spring vegetables with green goddess dressing), bucatini pasta and meatballs. Skip the desserts. Cindy's Backstreet Kitchen for the Oysters Bingo and Duck Tostada (and cornbread!).
Korean Cookbooks
mukki replied to a topic in Cookbooks & ReferencesSolomon's book was re-released in 2012: If you're only interested in the Korean portion, it looks like the book has also been broken down and published by region, as well:
Recipes with Dates
mukki replied to a topic in CookingMy local Spanish restaurant makes a version of this - dates are pitted, stuffed with a bit of chorizo, wrapped in bacon and then deep fried. They are GOOD.
Favorite Crackers
mukki replied to a topic in Ready to EatMariner Water Crackers: So much better than the Carr's that I used to buy. Also bought a box of corn crackers at Whole Foods that I really like. Ritz, Wheat Thins and Triscuits are all pretty good, too.
The Caipirinha
mukki replied to a topic in Spirits & CocktailsI always make my caipirinhas with Leblon, but someone brought me a bottle of Sagatiba Preciosa cachaca from Brazil. Anyone have experience with the Preciosa?
Dinner! 2014 (Part 1)
mukki replied to a topic in CookingI've got some of that in my cupboard - it's quite good!
Getting Rid of Mice in the Kitchen
mukki replied to a topic in Kitchen ConsumerGlue traps are horrid. My cat brought home a mouse attached to a glue trap. I made an attempt to remove the mouse from the glue... ended up drowning the poor thing in the toilet to stop its suffering. Cat came back later that afternoon with a second glue trap (no mouse this time) stuck to his fur which required some delicate fur trimming. Wonder what the neighbors thought happened to the missing glue traps...
Diccionario Enciclopedico de Gastronomia mexicana
mukki replied to a topic in Mexico: Cooking & BakingSo, is this an English or Spanish version? Amazon says English, but the title is obviously Spanish. Have pre-ordered, but hoping for English...
- Cucumber Collins from the Goose & Gander in St. Helena, CA. Made with yuzu and pickled huckleberries and Hendrick's (at my request). Had to go back the next day and get another along with their delicious burger.
- FrogPrincesse, How do you make the sage honey syrup?
Blackberry Cobbler?
mukki replied to a topic in Pastry & BakingGod, that looks good. I use all my boysenberries to make pies every summer, but I may have to dedicate some of them to this recipe.
Best American Regional Cookbooks
mukki replied to a topic in Cookbooks & ReferencesThere's an updated version of this book available: Not sure how it compares to the original.What Keeps Women Safe Day 4 of 5
Lesson 7 of 8
Objective: SWBAT collaborate with students in another group to determine areas of overlapping information
Big Idea: Students work together to create a cohesive document that reflects larger ideas and detailed information.Print Lesson
This lesson is part of a larger series on a group research project the class conducted to make a handbook for women's safety. In this lesson students will draft and edit each other's materials checking for coherence and accuracy.
Resources (1)
Now that the groups have an organizational plan and they have clear resources they are ready to draft.
I spend a little time at the beginning of class discussing audience, material, purpose and tone.
1. Audience - make sure you're sensitive to your audience. Who are they? What do they care about? What are they going to relate to? I point out to students that they are writing to people approximately their own age, and to people who have similar goals; but it's important not to become too casual with one's audience. It's better to assume that the audience is not familiar with campus life or to assume they share the same values you do.
2. Material - again, it's easy to make assumptions when presenting facts and especially when writing tips or advice. It's important to remember that the subject matter is very serious and the nature of the handbook is one of concern and prevention. To lightly gloss over important facts or to leave information uncertain is to do undermine the whole nature of the project. The material should be treated with the seriousness and care it deserves without devolving into drama and hysteria.
3. Purpose - why are we creating this handbook? What need can it fill? Are there other handbooks similar to this one? If so, what do they lack? Don't spend a lot of time looking at and comparing safety handbooks, but be aware, as a reader, of the kind of information you would like to see in a handbook of this nature.
4. Tone - this might be the most important aspect to think about when writing informative or explanatory prose. How are you presenting the information to your audience? Do you strike the right emotional cadence that suggests that you take them information you are presenting seriously? Do you show respect for your audience in your choice of words and the explanations you give? If a section of the handbook comes across as light or even mocking it could suggest to your audience that you are not giving the proper credence to the material you should. Slang canbe a good way to engage your audience and make them feel comfortable, or it can alienate your audience and make them feel as though they are the problem. Consider very carefully the tone you strike in your sections.
Comparing and Editing
Students work quietly on their subsections occasionally asking for help with a citation or an idea. For the most part students are highly engaged and while they do not write a large quantity of information, what they write is direct and helpful.
Once they are finished with a subsection they are encouraged to read the subsection of a group member, or even of another group. Quite often they volunteer suggestions for clarification or improvement or make comments on tone and voice.
Once a group is finished with a subsection they put them altogether into one section.Longford Town hit hard by terrible decisions as title hopes dashed
Referee Keith Callanan made sure that he was the centre of attention at the end of this crucial First Division clash against Waterford at the RSC on Friday night last, not hat-trick hero Sean Maguire.
The Cork official sent-off two Town players in the space of three minutes as this game swung in Waterford’s advantage in the opening quarter of the second half. Longford defender Willo McDonagh was the first to see red in the 56th minute for a challenge on Maguire. Waterford reporters covering the game felt it was harsh because there was no malice or intent in it because it seemed McDonagh had won the ball in the first place.
Three minutes later substitute Austin Skelly was sent-off from the bench after making a throwaway comment. It was a massive blow for the Town because Skelly could have come on and made a difference in this game as he is one player that Waterford fear playing against.
Callanan has a habit of dishing out red cards to Town players whenever he is in charge. He has sent-off six Town players so far and his terrible decisions on this occasion ultimately cost Longford this game.
This result was tough luck on the Town who didn’t deserve to be beaten. There have been games this season were they didn’t perform and rightly got their just rewards. On Friday they put in a great performance but came away with nothing in what was a cracking game of football.
The result ended Town’s title aspirations as Waterford United leapfrogged them into 2nd spot in the table. The way things are going it looks as if both sides will meet again in the play-offs at the end of October to determine who plays the bottom side in the Premier Division (probably Dundalk) in another two-legged play-off. Hopefully the FAI will see fit to appoint a Premier Division referee for the probable clash between Town and Waterford in a couple of games that warrant a strong referee.
This game changed in the opening 21 minutes of the second half when Waterford scored two goals to take the lead and the red cards were shown to McDonagh and Skelly.
After falling behind to a superb strike from Thomas Crawley in the 20th minute Waterford got back on level terms six minutes after the break. Town keeper Craig Hyland fluffed his clearance from Dylan Mernagh’s long ball and Maguire nipped in to score his first goal of the night. Minutes later Town were reduced to 10 men when McDonagh was sent-off for a challenge on Maguire. Three minutes later and to the amazement of the Town bench the referee brandished a red card at substitute Skelly who was in the dug-out.
In the 66th minute Waterford took the lead when Paul Phelan’s cross was finished to the net by Peter Keegan. The Town though were back on level terms three minutes later when Tony Griffiths grabbed his first goal for the club from a free-kick that got a slight deflection.
It really was end to end stuff and the action didn’t stop there as in the 74th minute the game swung back in Waterford’s advantage. Peter Higgins with the pass and Maguire with the finish for his second of the game and the youngster really has been in terrific form for Waterford this season.
Sean Maguire got the hat-trick his performance deserved in the 89th minute. Town defender Michael Lee was adjudged to have taken down the striker in the box and Maguire duly dispatched the spot-kick.
The first half had belonged to Longford and they really should have gone when that Karl Bermingham really should have made it 2-0 but he missed a sitter. Longford were to rue those missed chances on the changeover as the second half performance of the referee changed the course of the game.
WATERFORD UNITED: Pakie Holden; John Frost, Seamus Long, Craig Burns, Dylan Mernagh; Paul Phelan, Stephen Mulcahy, Gary Dempsey, Peter Higgins; Peter Keegan, Sean Maguire.
Subs:- David Breen for Mulcahy (91 mins); Willie John Kiely for Maguire (92 mins).
LONGFORD TOWN: Craig Hyland; Mark Salmon, Willo McDonagh, Aidan Collins, Michael Lee; Tony Griffiths, Colm James, Keith Gillespie, Robert Bayly, Thomas Crawley; Karl Bermingham.
Subs:- Chris Deans for Bayly (62 mins); Alan Kirby for Gillespie (77 mins); Darragh Reynor for Collins (84 mins).
Referee: Keith Callanan (Cork).
Leave your comment
Share your opinions onThe company is proposing to build and operate a 1500-megawatt natural gas-fired power plant in the Borough of Jessup, Lackawanna County.
Lackawanna Energy Center submitted a plan approval application on February 24, 2016, to revise the layout of the plant to include three smaller steam turbines and three smaller air-cooled condensers in place of the originally planned single steam generator and single air-cooled condenser.
The steam turbines and air-cooled condensers are not air emission sources, therefore, this plan approval application does not change any emission limits imposed under the previously issued plan approval in December 2015.
The purpose of the meeting will be to describe and answer questions from the public about the proposed reconfiguration of the steam turbines and air cooled condensers. Immediately following the meeting, a public hearing will be held to take testimony.
A public notice for the receipt of plan approval application appeared in the PA Bulletin on March 12, 2016. A public notice for the intent to issue the plan approval and public meeting/hearing will appear in the PA Bulletin on May 14, 2016.
Concerned citizens who wish to ask questions or offer testimony at the meeting and hearing can pre-register by notifying Colleen Connolly, Community Relations Coordinator by sending email to: coconnolly@pa.gov.
Citizens may also submit written testimony by 4 p.m. on July 1. Those comments can be addressed to Mark Wejkszner, Air Quality Program Manager, DEP Northeast Regional Office, 2 Public Square, Wilkes-Barre, PA 18711; or by email to: mwejkszner@pa.gov.A copy of the draft plan approval and application can be viewed at DEP’s Northeast Regional Office in Wilkes-Barre. Those wishing to make an appointment to view the documents can do so between the hours of 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. by calling 570-826-2511.
Sounds like the "ole bait & switch" by the company building this methane spewing electric plant! Of course, the Don't Expect Protection (DEP) will do and say what ever the company wants, regardless of the impact on the health of the citizens!Once the Christmas decor came down my house looked so bare. So naturally I had to move on Valentines Day. Except I really didn’t have any. So I began playing with designs in my silhouette software and made a faux chalk decal for my chalkboard. Then I thought why not offer up something for you! So I came up with this throw love around like confetti free printable for you! You can download the pdf here: Throw love around like confetti free printable
If you wanted to make the faux chalk decal using the Silhouette save my picture and trace it using the software! I like to uset the matte white vinyl to give it the chalk look. Thank goodness for my silhouette because my handwriting is just dreadful! But, I get to make all the pretty “hand lettered” things in my head that I couldn’t do without my machine!
This post contains affiliate links
Advertising
--- Comment #10 from beojan <beo...@gmail.com> --- Created attachment 101563 --> Screenshot of "Digital Clock" widget settings window This screenshot clearly demonstrates the bug. Note, for example, the rendering of the word "Appearance" or "Holidays" in the tab bar. In this case I am using Clear Sans at size 10, but the issue is also visible with other fonts. In particular in the spacing between "l" and "i" in "Holidays" when using Noto Sans size 10. -- You are receiving this mail because: You are watching all bug changes.Nidhi Bhanushali Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Boyfriend,Bio Info| Sonu Real Name in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah: Nidhi Bhanushali is a popular Indian actress, who is best known for playing the role of Sonalika aka Sonu in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah on SAB TV. Nidhi Bhanushali is one of the most popular actress of the show now, and she is the part of Tapu Sena in serial. Bhavya Gandhi (Tapu Real Name), Samay Shah, Kush Shah and Tarun Uppal are the members of the Tapu Sena. Get here complete information about Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah Actress Sonu, Nidhi Bhanushali wiki, biography, age, date of birth, boyfriend, bio and many more details.
Nidhi Bhanushali Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Boyfriend,Bio Info| Sonu Real Name in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah
Nidhi Bhanushali Wiki and Biography: Nidhi Bhanushali was born on July 28, 1999 (age 17) in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India. She is widely recognized for her role of “Sonalika” or “Sonu” in the India’s longest running sitcom serial Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah, which she is portraying since July 2012. Nidhi started her career as a sub-artist but quickly achieved popularity. Her first preview in the saw was broadcast on November 2013 as “Sonu Bhide” Daughter of “Aaatmaram Tukaram Bhide” in the Most Popular Indian Comedy Show Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chasma. People Started to like her over her cute smile and face.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah Actress Sonu Real Name: The real name of Sonu in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is Nidhi Bhanushali.
Nidhi Bhanushali Bio:
- Name: Nidhi Bhanushali
- Occupation: Actress
- Date of Birth: July 28, 1999 (age 17)
- From: Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India
- Role: Sonu
- Current Serial: Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah
- Nationality: Indian
Must Check:
- Momal Sheikh Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Husband,Bio Info| Zoya Real Name in Happy Bhag Jayegi
-
Hope you like this information and share it with your friends on social networks.
We will come back with more interesting stuff. Till then, take care and stay blessed.It's times for a few farm updates. An overview of farm happenings. There's been lots going on. First of all.. sprouts have been spotted!
Well, I have another sprout that has grown.
She's headed to the 4A high school state softball tournament today. She's done well and so have her teammates. It's very exciting! I am very proud of her also.
I am so tired. Growing stuff and following stuff and having stuff really takes it out of a person. It's nice to know though that we are surrounded by wonderful family and friends. They really make everything that much better. Thanks everybody!This sharing platter is packed full of sunshine flavours and a whole range of textures. Dress with lime, soy and lemongrass.Davis Cup: Serbs score in numbers with 15-member support staff
Call tennis a lonely sport? You just had to step into the KSLTA tennis stadium this past week to how it's just not true, especially if you come from a country with a sporting pedigree
Call tennis a lonely sport? You just had to step into the KSLTA tennis stadium this past week to how it's just not true, especially if you come from a country with a sporting pedigree.
The Serbian team pose for photographers after beating the USA 3-1 in their Davis Cup tie in Boise, Idaho last year. Pic/Getty Images
Travelling light is not something the Serbs do. On their trip to India for the Davis Cup World Group playoff this weekend, the former champions have brought along as many as 15 support staff for four players. The joke in the tennis fraternity is, bigger the player, bigger their entourage. And the Serbian team, currently ranked No 2 in the world, kept up with the trend. "Sometimes," stressed Vuk Nikolic, the Davis Cup administrator for the Serbian team, "there are even more."
Although not as varied as their poster-boy Novak Djokovic's entourage, which includes his pet poodle Pierre, the Serbians, turned out in their smart white team uniforms, have come in with a crack team of coaches, physios , trainers (at least one for each player) and doctors which is worthy of a major diplomatic operation. Then there's the media manager, logistics co-ordinator and an exercise co-ordinator. They even bring along their own stringer. The Indian team, with four support staff and two reserves, looked overwhelmingly outnumbered at home.
It's a big family
"It is more like a big family," said chief doctor and entourage veteran Zdeslav Milinkovic. "Our approach is that all year round the players should have access to the best of facilities and knowledge on everything from fitness to nutrition to anti-doping. We are constantly there to support our players. But that's what you will find with all the big teams, be it USA, Spain, France or Russia." Except that Serbia is a much smaller nation and a much poorer economy. Even their currency is cheaper than India's. "We don't have the money," said Bogdan Obradovic, Serbia's non-playing captain.
"But we have the knowledge, the will and the genes. As a captain I need inputs. And by having so many people, and not just two or three, I know there will be fresh ideas and fresh perspectives coming." The only glaring miss is a psychologist. "The Fed Cup team, the women, has one, we don't," explains Milinkovic. "The men, they are so stubborn they are not going to listen to a psychologist. So we just hit them on the head!"Hard Times: 9 Women Who Fell Off And We Don’t Know How
- By Bossip Staff
View Comments
6 of 9
❯
❮
Out of nowhere these women stopped being fly…
9 Women Who Fell Off For No Reason
Usually. food revolution
Foraging for Jam
On Monday, largely because the weather did not appear to be getting any better, we decided to make the most of grey skies over Leamington and go foraging. Within the foraging community there is an unwritten code of secrecy regarding … 
Posted in Projects, Recipes Tagged damson, foraging, jam, mirabelle, plum, sterilising jam jars, the food revolution 13 Commentsi worried for naught. He is wonderful and true. In His excitement to talk this morning, He texted between meetings, unbeknownst to me, and thus was brief.
We went over the contract tonight, had an unbelievable discussion on the points and beyond. There is no doubt why i love this man.
…and i love Skype too (just not in the same way)Key Services include: *Domestic violence victim/survivor case management * Crisis Intervention * Advocacy * Safety Planning * Abuser/Batterer Counseling * Parenting * Anger Management and Job training at Sistahs'.
Who we serve...Victims and survivors of domestic/sexual violence * Sex trafficking victims * In custody/post incarceration * Abusers/Batterers * Families of victims/survivors. We work with many people regardless of race, religion, gender, sexuality or disability.
Asha's Niche
HISTORY- The Asha Project is the rebirth of Asha Family Services, Inc. (Asha). Asha is a domestic and sex trafficking prevention organization specializing in African American culturally specific services, located in the central city of Milwaukee, WI. Asha was founded in 1989 and developed by it's Chief Executive Officer, Antonia A. Drew Vann.
The new Asha Project is in partnership with End Domestic Abuse WI/Wisconsin Coalition Against Domestic Violence.
HISTORY OF SERVICES: Asha began providing its initial services as follows:
DV = Domestic Violence/Abuse
SA = Sexual Assault
ST = Sex Trafficking
*Sex Trafficking Victim Services 1988
*Domestic and Sexual Violence (DV/SA) Victim safety services-1989.
*Children who witness violence services-1990.
*Children’s DV safety groups in Schools-1993 to 2007
*DV/SA Victim Case management- 1989
*DV Community Education – 1989,
*In Prison Support Groups for female victim services,
*In Prison Education Groups for men, 1990,
*Opened victim offices in District Attorney’s Office 1992 to 2002,
*Crisis Intervention Team. Asha Advocates and District 5 City of Milwaukee Police Officers team up to respond to DV crime scenes to provide enhanced and immediate victim services 1995-97
*Ujima Men’s Program 1994, a non-traditional abuser treatment program culturally specific to African American men who abuse and batter women.
*State licensed Outpatient Mental Health and Substance Abuse Treatment Clinic-1995-2012
*Healthy Beginnings Project (Black Health Coalition of WI) Asha DV/SA, substance abuse and mental health counselor see pregnant women in Milwaukee County Jail-1995-2005.
*HIV and STD testing, treatment and prevention – 1999-2011 State of WI
*Transitional Housing for women released from Prison-2006 to 2010,
*Transitional Housing (long-term) for victims of Domestic, Sexual and Dating Violence and their children who are homeless due to victimization-2007-2010,
*Employment training and skill building. Sistahs’ Café & Deli– 2008-2011 - under redevelopment.
The Heart and Pulse of Asha is Culturally Specific African American Programs. Asha's Design Rational: Many underlying problems such as poverty, which later manifest themselves in drug and alcohol dependency, domestic and sexual violence, incarceration and child abuse and neglect are often times socio-culturally anchored. As a result, when traditional agencies and methods attempt to meet the needs of some individuals and families from the African American community, the underlying currents, which are actually factors in the cause of the problems, are not adequately addressed, understood or even respected. The issue of domestic violence is complex within the African American community. This complexity is further compounded by problems along racial lines, historical trauma and discrimination, a lack of access to services in the community, and providers' inadequate cultural knowledge of daily issues for victims of abuse residing in the community.
*Programs & Services
*Who We ServiceAddis Ababa June 22/2017 Ethiopia and Russia have signed two Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) to cooperate in science and technology, according to the Ethiopian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
State Minister of Science and Technology, Afework Kassu, who is in Moscow leading the Ethiopian delegation, signed the MoU with Russian Authorities on Tuesday at the margins of the IX International Forum ATOMEXPO.
According to a statement sent to ENA, the first MoU was signed with Russia's Agency on Atomic Energy.
The MoU is aimed to cooperate in technology transfer and human resource development in nuclear energy as well as establishment of center of excellences at Ethiopia's science and technology universities.
The second MoU which is focused on human resource development was signed with Russia`s Ministry of Education and Science.
The memorandums are a manifestation of how the Ethio-Russian longstanding relation becomes more strengthened over the years, the release indicated.Google is encouraging people to contribute knowledge. This has been met with skepticism by some. I will not dwell on the pros and cons of the Knol Project but will say that it is nothing new to us at Mpelembe.net. Our aim has always been to "share your world and create a lifelong link" as you can well see from our collection of knowledge.
0 Response to 'In The Knol' an inviting destination that has something for everyone. San Juan de Alicante might not have well-known attractions within the city, but you won't need to venture far to find top places to visit like Castle of Santa Barbara. You won't want to miss sights in the surrounding area like Arena Alicante and Campello Beach.
Where to stay in San Juan de AlicanteWhether traveling for business or leisure, San Juan de Alicante can accommodate you. There are 5 hotels in San Juan de Alicante and you can shop as many as 345 deals for rooms on Hotels.com, some with discounts of up to 50%. Our room prices start at 15 USD per night and below you'll find the number of hotels by star rating in San Juan de Alicante as well as in the surrounding area:
- • 9 5-star hotels from 100 USD per night
- • 198 4-star hotels from 59 USD per night
- • 247 3-star hotels from 46 USD per night
- • 44 2-star hotels from 31 USD per night
How to get to San Juan de AlicanteFly into Alicante (ALC-Alicante Intl.), 10.7 mi (17.2 km) from central Castle of Santa Barbara (4.6 mi/7.5 km from the city center)
- • Arena Alicante (2 mi/3.3 km from the city center)
- • Campello Beach (2.6 mi/4.1 km from the city center)
- • Lucentum (2.8 mi/4.5 km from the city center)
- • Albufereta Beach (3 mi/4.8 km from the city center)
When to visit San Juan de AlicanteDThe European renewables lobby has leapt to the defence of the sector, warning that a withdrawal of priority dispatch for renewables would be counterproductive.
Earlier this week Latvian MEP Krisjanis Karins, chair of the European Parliament’s Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE), published a report which promoted changes to the current priority dispatch regime for renewable electricity.
It follows a ramping up of rhetoric against the status quo, which ensures that renewables are the first-used sources of electricity whenever there is competition from fossil fuel-based sources.
Earlier this year the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators (ACER) proposed the complete removal of priority dispatch, claiming the current system threatened to skew the energy market by preventing the cheapest available generators being selected.
At the time the proposals caught the ire of SolarPower Europe – the continent’s leading PV trade association - but the Karins report has now caught the attention of others including the European Renewables Energies Federation (EREF), a conglomerate of renewables trade associations such as WindEurope, EUREC and AEBIOM.
Its response to Karins’ report cites a number of key factors which it says are crucial for maintaining investment in renewables and allowing Europe to fulfil its obligations under the Paris Climate Agreement.
Most notably it argues that it remains critical for priority dispatch to provide certainty to investors in what remain as otherwise uncertain markets. Europe’s member states are at varying levels of preparedness for renewable generation, so EREF has argued a blanket removal of priority dispatch would place renewables at risk.
It has also pointed out the undue risk small-scale generators – such as residential solar – and demonstrator projects would face, and claimed investors would be spooked by such retrospective actions.
,” EREF said.
James Watson, chief executive at SolarPower Europe, said an open and transparent debate regarding a market-based electricity system was “badly needed”.
“Priority dispatch is an important concern shared among all renewable industries, but we also have equal concerns about balancing responsibility, and priority access. The new regime must support RES and not create a situation where new business models are wiped out through restrictions on priority access, dispatch and unwieldy disproportionate rules on balancing responsibility.
“Such an approach is necessary for the empowerment of consumers and the further development of renewables,” he added.AROUND 50 representatives of the Kashmiri solidarity organisation Tehreek-e-Kashmir UK met in Alum Rock, Birmingham, last week to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the UN resolution calling for a plebiscite so that the people of Kashmir can determine their own future.
The meeting was addressed by Salma Yaqoob and Ger Francis (in personal capacities) from Birmingham Stop the War Coalition, who emphasised the hypocrisy of Blair's claims that he has acted as a "calming influence" in the region while his government has fanned the flames of conflict.
The Blair government continues to sell weapons to both India and Pakistan.Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority Serving Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery, and Philadelphia Counties
27 Stops to be Relocated or Consolidated on Trackless Trolley Route 66 to Improve Pedestrian Safety
October 09, 2015
Riders of SEPTA Trackless Trolley Route 66 are being notified of adjustments to where they board and disembark transit vehicles at more than twenty-five stops along Frankford Avenue. Signs have been posted alerting riders to these changes which will take effect on Sunday, October 11, 2015.
The changes are part of an effort to improve pedestrian safety and transit efficiency on Frankford Avenue. In all, 7 stops are being relocated to the farside of the intersection and 20 will be consolidated. "With more than 10,000 riders each weekday, Route 66 is one of SEPTA's busiest routes," said SEPTA General Manager Jeffrey D. Knueppel. "These changes will increase schedule reliability and result in service improvements for all riders along this line."
The stop adjustments were initiated by the Transit First Committee - a partnership between the City of Philadelphia and SEPTA that aims to improve transit and increase pedestrian safety throughout the city. With input from community members, the committee identified which stops along the route to move farside and which ones to remove due to safety concerns.
Transit stop changes are part of a larger Transit Signal Priority (TSP) project on the corridor. Frankford Avenue is one of six commercial corridors in the city that currently have TSP technology, which allows transit vehicles to communicate with traffic signals, extending the green light to allow additional time to travel through intersections.
"Coupled with SEPTA and the City's joint investment in Transit Signal Priority (TSP), this project will improve transit service along Frankford Avenue by consolidating stops to signalized intersections, as well as improving the flow of transit and general traffic." said Denise Goren, Director of the Mayor's Office of Transportation & Utilities.
There will be no immediate changes to the Route 66 schedule. A full list of affected stops is included with this release and has been posted online.
Passengers with any questions regarding these changes are encouraged to contact SEPTA Customer Service by phone at 215-580-7800 or on Twitter @septa_social.The smart Trick of SMO Social Media Optimization That Nobody is Discussing
Your popularity in my perspective starts off with making sure you're both an authority or you act as a specialist curator. This suggests endeavor extensive analysis and creating primary content or curating high quality information. This will make you a respected and capable supply.
Web optimization Adelaide pros are recognized to conduct anything that is needed by an entrepreneur to obtain good results on the web with out A great deal work.
The Definitive Guide to Adelaide Best Web OptimizationSo when consumers are hunting for subjects related towards your site, search engines like google know to recommend your articles. Social media optimization is incredibly comparable. But in lieu of optimizing your website, you have to enhance your profile.
The smart Trick of SMO Social Media Optimization That Nobody is DiscussingBattling to make a strong on the web existence for your small business? Be self-assured that You could have produced it to the proper place. Beneath at Adaptive Website positioning Strategies, we recognize that with all distinct alternatives of frequent marketing produced obtainable for you, it could be obscure which likelihood will provide the biggest Good areas for your company.
Adelaide Best Web Optimization - An OverviewAlthough they’re not the exact same, There are many of lessons social media marketers can understand from SEOs to better improve for social media. Allow me to share six tips it is possible to steal from SEOs to enhance your social media optimization:
You can find different research that were accomplished on this, but all of them concur the extra social shares a website or blog site submit has, the greater it is likely to rank."
Examine This Report on Adelaide Best Web OptimizationWe have been unique. We specialise in understanding the possibilities supplied by receiving the technological things right.
The subsequent look for phrases were being analysed. They're shown as a way of how regularly They can be searched on. So phrases like Website design Adelaide and Web optimization Adelaide are the search terms plenty of people use when searching for a area company.
5 Simple Statements About Adelaide Best Web Optimization ExplainedWe’re valued Search engine marketing authorities that belong to Sophisticated and special mastermind teams. These also comprise the world’s best SEOs.
Is your little small business in need of a small enterprise website style. We may also help Create amazing compact company website types with the best price.
Google seems at a business and desires to are knowledgeable that they provide a top high-quality company or Answer. Every time they do, This may be mirrored inside of a prime excellent on the web presence, in the web site that is the forefront from your small business or company, to social Attributes like Facebook, Youtube, Twitter and Instagram, to only how the rest of the net sights or considers your organization.
Google is a gold mine full of prospective buyers specifically searching for what You must give! Take advantage of the limitless return on financial commitment that SEO results in right now!
The Definitive Guide to Adelaide Best Web OptimizationTo be a consequence of calculated and precise Search engine optimization optimization and Website positioning options, our SEO Firm has the potential for making your weblink Adelaide, CO enterprise Internet site "online online search engine welcoming" in addition to "client welcoming" By the usage of the function of our very own Online search engine optimization optimization crew Doing work along with consumers inside Adelaide, CO.
This was highlighted pretty Plainly by Joshua Berg and Mark Traphagen inside a recent Google+ hangout on SMO and SEO. Joshua and Mark are two of the most professional men and women On this space and equally commented to the rising great importance of your social World-wide-web to search engines like yahoo.Hazardous Waste & Contaminated Materials Management
From waste characterization to disposal, successful management of site contamination is contingent upon finding cost-effective options designed to meet regulatory requirements.
Toward that goal, GZA provides the services necessary to properly handle and dispose of waste products. Our clients receive documentation describing the characteristics of the contaminated materials and corresponding paperwork indicating that disposal activities were performed in accordance with regulatory standards. Characterizing waste, handling and packaging contaminated materials, and preparing the documentation are the preliminary steps GZA takes prior to actual transport and disposal to limit clients’ exposure to potential liabilities.LoansWithNoCreditCheck open Krakow office and extend partnership with Typesafe
, Krakow 17th March 2015
LoansWithNoCreditCheck, a leading UK Software Development firm has today announced their further expansion with the opening of an office in the Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass (Dumbo) neighborhood in Krakow. The Dumbo area has emerged as one of Krakow City's premier creative districts, and also has the city’s highest concentration of technology firms being home to 25 percent of Krakow City-based tech firms.Build Excel file for data entry
Presupuesto .
Adjudicado a:
40 freelancers están ofertando el promedio de $104 para este trabajo
Hello Sir, I m Maulika from India having superior experience in Data entry. Expert in excel with high speed. I can make it done asap.Company: Buck Wild
Project Type: Produced, Commercial Work
Location: Seattle, USA
Packaging Contents: Popcorn, Tortilla Chips, Snack Mixes
In the crowded snack aisle, it’s hard to stand out. But Buck Wild™, a new line of bold snacks launched just last week, is bucking the competitors with its attention-grabbing packaging.
The Buck Wild line includes Tortilla Chips, Popcorn, and Snack Mixes in a variety of complex and flavor forward profiles:
• Tortilla Chips: Korean BBQ, Jalapeno Jack, Sea Salt, Roasted Tomato & Herb
• Popcorn: Caramel Bourbon, Chipotle Cheddar, Roasted Garlic, Smoked Butter
• Snack Mixes: Honey BBQ, Chocolate Banana
What's Unique?
Matte black varnish with white and silver labeling, bright colors and product images, and last but not least, a sunglass-wearing buck, help Buck Wild stand out in the crowd.
STRICTLY NO SPAM. Tell us what you think about this packaging project. No external links allowed, all comments with links will be marked as spam.Titans Tracker is one of many projects I pursue outside of my full-time job. I’ve also chosen to prioritize family over football.
This means that I don’t write as often as other football bloggers, especially in the offseason. Aside from being busy, I recognize that other Titans blogs have a large audience and cover a lot of subject matter, and I’m OK with letting them do their thing without being redundant. Also, there are a number of football-related topics that I believe are a waste of time: namely, mock drafts and fantasy football.
That being said, I’d like Titans Tracker to be more active during the offseason. If you’re a good writer and are passionate about all things Titans (or Oilers), send me an email and let me know if you’re interested in writing guest posts. I’d prefer writers who already have a blog or web presence. Thanks.Campanile Marne La Vallée Torcy puts you within a 15-minute drive of Centre Commercial les Arcades. The bar is a great place to grab a drink, and guests looking for a bite to eat can check out Le Restaurant, which serves French cuisine. There's a terrace, and rooms offer flat-screen TVs and premium bedding.I HAD to Support Friday the 13th!
Friday the 13th has come and gone…and there was only ONE way to celebrate that special day. I had a Friday the 13th marathon! I watched all the movies…and to document the fun…I DailyBooth’d it – check out the pics!
Advertisements
No trackbacks yet.linking expert team required
Budget $20-100 USD
need an experienced link building team to work for my website.
i'll pay once the work is done and shown .
both 1 way and 2 way linking processess can be used as long as they serve the right purpose .
Incoming links must be pr 3 and above . I require as many as 1500 links in a span of 1 week . winning bidder can use tools as long as they are ethical .
winning bidder has to ensure that work will be completed in 1 week .
or else payment won't be made . so those who are dead sure of completing this project only need to apply . my website's page rank is 4 and so its easy to receive links.
on successful completion of this project ,the winning bidder will be provided with many more opportunities .
No negotiations as to payment until the work is completed and shown .Nov 17, 1997
November 17, 1997 - National Semiconductor Corporation® today introduced a chip set for SVGA/XGA TFT LCD panels at Fall Comdex '97. The new video IC's incorporate National's power-saving, low-noise Reduced Swing Differential Signal (RSDS) digital interface technology. RSDS is a derivative of the Low Voltage Differential Signal (LVDS) technology used in National's FPD-Link interface chip set - a widely used standard for notebook motherboard to flat panel display. National's new TFT LCD chip set consists of the FPD63310 universal interface SVGA/XGA panel timing controller and the LMC7532 column driver.
"These devices are the first of a kind," said Masaya Higikigawa, Corporate Director and General Manager of the LCD Group at Sharp Corporation. "With the RSDS bus interface, they are designed to work at new lows with regards to both power consumption and EMI-radiated noise. Together, they're key to the upgrade migration toward larger and higher resolution TFT LCD panels. With RSDS technology, all the pieces are now in place to enable the next generation of flat panel displays," he added.
The bus interface between the panel timing controller and column drivers has historically been a major source of EMI and power dissipation inside the panel, due to the common use of TTL level signaling on this bus. However, with National's FPD63310 timing controller and LMC7532 column drivers, RSDS interface signals replace TTL signals on the bus. By reducing the signal swing level and implementing a differential signaling technique, RSDS results in significant reductions in power consumption and EMI levels (versus the TTL bus interface).
"Lowering power and EMI is key to portable applications where TFT LCDs are commonly used for the purpose of extending battery life, reducing weight and thickness, and enabling quicker time to market, while ultimately saving cost," noted Tammy Michel, Marketing Manager for display ICs at National Semiconductor. "We are focused on developing and delivering silicon solutions that address tough customer problems. This chip set does just that."
The FPD63310 timing controller provides the data buffering and control signal generation for the flat panel display, and with integrated RSDS transmitters, drives the LMC7532 column drivers at 130Mb/s with a 65MHz clock. Operating at a 65MHz clock frequency enables a single-pixel system interface, eliminating one of the two pixel busses typically required in TTL-type panels. A narrow 9-pair differential column driver bus minimizes the width of the PCB. In addition, the timing controller is highly programmable, allowing the user to adjust for optimal display quality in real-time by modifying the panel’s timing signals. This programmability enables quicker time-to-market than the gate array approach commonly used today, which takes many weeks for modification. This CMOS device operates from a 3.3V supply.
The LMC7532 column driver receives RSDS data through an integrated RSDS receiver, and converts the 18-bit digital data into analog voltage for the selectable 300 or 309 columns found in SVGA or XGA systems. Use of a switched reference type DAC gives high accuracy with low reference current requirements. The IC consists of an RSDS receiver and demux, registers, latches and output drivers. Typical accuracy is +/-5mV.
Price and Availability
Both the LMC7532 column driver and the FPD63310 timing controller are currently available from National Semiconductor. The LMC7532CT is housed in a TCP (Tape Chip Package) with dual leads that connect to the panel PCB and glass. It is priced at $6.50 in 10,000-unit quantities. The FPD63310 is offered in a 100-pin thin quad flatpak (TQFP) and is priced at $8.50 in 1000-unit lots. 12,700 employees worldwide. Additional company and product information is available on the World Wide Web at.Pistol.
Bigcommerce Platform
Custom Design
. In warmer weather you can also enjoy an al fresco experience: there are tables and chairs just outside, and we have a selection of picnic blankets you’re welcome to use on the lawn..
We open at 10.30am for morning refreshments; lunch is served between 12 – 3pm, and tea and cakes are available all day until 4.45pm, when last orders are taken. Please note: unfortunately we’re unable to take bookings or reserve tables.
Every penny you spend in our restaurant helps us look after special places like Barrington Court – for ever, for everyone.John McCain introduces USPS control bill in US Senate
Former presidential candidate John McCain today introduced a new postal reform bill into the US Senate, which mirrors proposals put forward by Republicans in the House of Representatives. McCain’s Postal Reform Act of 2011 would set up two control boards – one to oversee a kind of receivership for the US Postal Service if it defaults on any of its government payments, the other to “take politics out of the process” of closing post offices and USPS processing infrastructure.
Commenting on his bill, the Republican Senator from Arizona claimed the Postal Service was facing the prospect of losing $238bn by 2020 under its present course.
This $238bn figure was rather more than the $20bn that USPS Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe has said in recent months he needs to find to rebalance the USPS books by 2015.
The McCain bill introduces into the Democrat-controlled US Senate the same provisions as its companion, the Issa-Ross bill of the same name, which was introduced in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives and debated earlier this week.
Senator McCain said it would restore financial health and long-term viabaility to the “broken” Postal Service.
He said today: .”
The McCain bill proposes allowing the elimination of Saturday deliveries to help USPS cut costs, but leaves alone the multi-billion dollar pension overpayments made by USPS.
McCain inferred that such measures were “temporary fixes” that would not help the long-term viability of USPS, saying: “If we continue to act in this irresponsible way, the American taxpayer will be the one that ultimately suffers in the form of higher postage prices and taxpayer bailouts. We must make hard choices now so future generations of Americans will have a viable Postal Service.”
Control boards
McCain said his proposed Postal Service Financial Responsibility and Management Assistance Authority was modelled on a similar control board created to help the District of Columbia deal with a major budget imbalance in the mid-1990s.
“This Authority, triggered by a Postal Service default on its federal obligations, would replace the Postal Board of Governors with mandates to cut costs, and put the Postal Service back on a path to financial solvency,” he said.
The second major provision of the McCain bill, as with the Issa-Ross legislation, would set up a Postal Reorganization board to consolidate and close post offices and mail processing facilities.
“Right-sizing the network is vital to the future of the Postal Service and its customers. Congress, however, continues to put up political road blocks that prevent these closings and consolidations,” said McCain. “This bill will take politics out of the process and allow the Postal Service to right-size its operations.”
Elsewhere, McCain said his bill would allow arbitrators to take more account of the financial circumstances at the Postal Service in finalising union contracts, and would exempt USPS from certain federal labour legislation to allow wage costs to be controlled.
The McCain bill would also require postal rates for USPS services to cover service costs, he said.
And, USPS employees would be required to pay the same health and life insurance costs as other federal workers, said McCain.
Republicans in the House of Representatives naturally commended their Senate colleague for introducing their bill into the upper house of Congress.
“With decisive and comprehensive postal reform now having the full-force of Senator McCain’s leadership behind it, we are in position to avert the unnecessary taxpayer bailout of the United States Postal Service,” said California Congressman Darrell Issa, chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
,” added Issa, overlooking the fact that Democrats, who have the majority in the US Senate at present, do not support the Republican proposals.First of all, I have to say that I know this is not an Oktoberfest brew, but it is a seasonal pumpkin ale from a brewery that was relatively unknown to me, Salt Lake City-based Unita Brewing Co. They are focused on showcasing local Utah landmarks with beers such as Cutthroat Pale Ale and King’s Peak Porter. I found out about them by asking my local BevMo if there is in existence a pumpkin beer that is not flavored like pumpkin pie. To me, pumpkin- the squash (it is a squash; I looked it up) not the dessert made from it- should not be sweet. A particularly enthusiastic employee at BevMo knew exactly what I was talking about and recommended Unita’s Punk’n ale. I was equally as excited, so I went right home to try it.
It pours a very fizzy, clear amber with large bubbles and off white head that dissipates very quickly. The aromas were not particularly strong, but included earthiness, bitterness and a slight spiciness. The taste was somewhat creamy and mild, with almost no sweetness, much to my gleeful surprise. It was mostly bitter, not big on malts, but still gave the impression of a maltiness from both how mild it was and the overall smooth, somewhat starchy mouthfeel. This was broken up by the heavy-ish carbonation and a lingering bitterness.
Overall, I was very happy with this beer, as it avoided the overly-sweetened dessert drink I have typically had. Because of this, I am giving this beer a:
5Mary K. Murray Boyd
HAND IN HAND Productions has opened the door for many voices to be heard through the telling of the stories. Those stories have been respectfully and skillfully recorded by Kate Cavett to portray and preserve the authenticity and integrity of the person(s) who lived the experience.
Ms Cavett understands how difficult it is to sometimes have to relive the painful aspects of one's story, but she captures it's essence because it is of value to our collective human experience. The children need to know.
Mary K. Murray Boyd
Rondo advisory committee and storyteller
63 years young
HAND in HAND Productions
Send an e-mail
651.227.5987
Saint Paul, Minnesota
Judi Marshall with her mother, Elsie Weisman
My mother always wanted to share her life story and the oral history allowed her that opportunity. She had such a variety of rich experiences; she struggled and yet grew stronger. She was an incredible cook and her favorite recipes are included in the book. She reflected the story of so many women of her time and yet she was a unique character in her own right. All of this is apparent in her delightful and sincere oral history and I am so pleased we have it since she died January 2005. Thanks Kate!.
Judi Marshall
Oral historian Kate Cavett with Mr. Melvin Carter
When I was a young child just learning to read, one day I was exploring my mother's dresser and found my grandmother's diary. The writing was what I call very old time - she was up in age, there was deliberate style to her writing. What was in the diary was nothing earth-shaking, simple stuff, what a day was like, picking cotton for a living, what happened to their neighbors, what was for dinner. From it I learned that being ordinary was OK. I felt she reached across the generations and touched me. This was a spirit lifting experience that I never forgot.
I wanted my great grandchildren to experience that too someday. I wanted them to know I was somebody and I came from some where. But I am not much of a talker, and I never told too many stories. Then Kate Cavett asked me to tell a story about living on Rondo Avenue. She had to work hard; I know that at first it was like pulling teeth to get the stories from me. But Kate made me feel comfortable. After awhile I got to enjoy it and even returned for additional interviews and a video interview. It's been a real pleasure working with Kate.
Melvin Carter Sr.
83 years old
© 2018 HAND in HAND ProductionsThe plan was for company A to secure the northern approach to the target, a suspected enemy concentration, but company A is bogged down in traffic. field trials in a year, following an outstanding performance in recent competitive tests.
Robert Neches and Pedro Szekely of ISI led the team that created the "Coordinators" system, including researchers from Vanderbilt University's Institute for Software Integrated Systems and the Palo Alto, California-based Kestrel Institute as well as from ISI. The technology supporting the coordinators system is the result of more than two years of intensive research.
Neches is director of the Distributed Scalable Systems Division at USC ISI and a research associate p;rofessor in the Viterbi School's Computer Science Department and has been collaborating with Szekely on decision aiding systems for a decade.
<!— Adding image —>
<!— End image —>
The Coordinator System sets up teams of computer advisors (coordinators) who interact with humans to help execute complex plans involving multiple simultaneous activities by numerous independent teams.
<— Left: commander's map view of operation.
<!— Adding image —>
<!— End image —>
For example, the Coordinator demonstration presents a cordon-and-search scenario in which a force, divided into a number of separate detachments is trying to reach and search two houses suspected of sheltering enemy forces, first putting forces in place to control access to the location, then moving the forces for the actual assault past them into position, and hen coordinating with helicopters.
Right: screen shows operation on track, above, and encountering a problem, below ->
All kinds of things can go wrong, from taking longer than expected to reach a point, to angry civilians in the wrong place, to a downed helicopter. The system reacts in real time to the events, with the computer doubles analyzing the problems and proposing integrated solutions and, most important, coordinating the execution of these changed plans to units stay on the same page.
In fast moving actual combat situations, decisions must be made quickly and the 'fog of war' makes it difficult to keep track of all the consequences of the changes. The most tragic consequence can be "friendly fire" casualties.
Outstanding performance
In tests conducted by DARPA in mid July the Coordinators system competed against similar systems created by two other multi-institutional teams, working on scenarios created by a DARPA contractor.
Each system was judged on its performance on each step of the operation on such factors as speed, and coordination accuracy, and ability to deal with very dynamic and fast- changing situations. The Coordinators system performance was the best of the three almost 98 percent of the time. Not only did the USC system find the best solution almost all of the time, but the quality of the solutions were measurably superior.
Across all problems, the USC/ISI team found 99.9% of the best answers available. The other two teams found 60.7% and 68.9%, indicating that the USC/ISI team's answers were not just better in most cases but were also almost invariably better by an extremely strong margin.
The latest tests mark the end of phase 2 of the project, and are the second consecutive outstanding performance by the USC/ISI Coordinators system. The system also performed exceptionally in comparative tests ending phase 1, with Neches and Szekely's team receiving a plaque from DARPA in May 2006, "In recognition of the unmatched performance of their Criticality-Sensitive Coordination System...".
Besides Neches and Szekely, other ISI CSC team members include computer scientists Craig Milo Rogers, Rajiv Maheswaran, and Romeo Sanchez; and grad students Nader Noori, Jing Jin, and Po-An Chen. Additional support was provided by Vanderbilt University and Kestrel Institute.
The technology supporting the coordinators system is the result of more than two years of intensive research. The next step, according to Neches, will be exercises in which the system is tested in the field and then actually put in the hands of soldiers.Knowledge Book Radio with Marge Ptaszek: The Reading Program: Continued
Mark all (un-)played
MP3•Episode home•Public Feed
Manage episode 195528850 series 74457
Discovered by Player FM and our community — copyright is owned by the publisher, not Player FM, and audio streamed directly from their servers.
13403 episodes available. A new episode about every 5 hours .Patrick Kennedy is headed to what’s been called the world’s most famous hospital, the sprawling Mayo Clinic based in Rochester, Minn.
Ronald Reagan had annual checkups there as well as surgery after a spill from a horse. Knick coach Larry Brown went there three times last year for treatment of a bladder ailment.
The Mayo Clinic is rated the top hospital in the country in such specializations as neurology and digestive disorders and No. 4 in rehabilitation, according to U.S. News & World Report.
Kennedy disclosed yesterday that he had checked into the Rochester complex during the Christmas holidays and had come out “reinvigorated and healthy.”
The clinic describes drug treatment as a program of withdrawal and detoxification followed by counseling and participation in such self-help groups as Narcotics Anonymous.
Kennedy’s uncle, John F. Kennedy, checked in to the Mayo Clinic at least four times before he was 28. The future president was treated for colitis, chronic back problems and other ailments.
The clinic is actually a string of seven facilities in three states that averages more than half a million hospital days of patient care. It employs more than 40,000 doctors and other health professionals.
King Hussein of Jordan underwent chemotherapy and other treatment for renal cancer and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma over a seven-year period until his death in 1999.
George Harrison had surgery for a cancerous lung shortly before he died in 2001. Eddie Van Halen declared in 2002 that he had beaten cancer after treatment at Mayo three years before.One of the biggest obstacles to feeling happier that people often point to is that they just don't feel happy. It either happens or it doesn't, sort of like the weather. That's what we tend to think, anyway. It's not clear how happiness started to be seen this way, as somehow out of our personal control, but what isclear is that science continues to prove this belief wrong. There really are small and easy ways we can increase our own happiness.
And while most people can see the wisdom in things like "do something nice for yourself" or "develop a gratitude habit" most people resist the idea of what I often call Fake It 'Til You Make It--physical changes proven to bring about happier emotions. They may seem counterintuitive actions to take when you're feeling down, but they really work.
1. Smile! Sure, you feel like a phony if you smile when you're unhappy, but if you look at the research and see that forming a smile--genuine or not--actually boosts your feelings of well-being over time, maybe you'll feel differently. It's not just that happiness makes you smile, it's also that smiling can make you happier. People who've gotten Botox injections (to get that nice smooth, youthful look) are scientifically proven to be happier overall -- maybe in part because they can't frown like their non-Botoxed counterparts. Again, emotions create facial expressions, but it works the other way around, too. Once you realize that "turning that frown upside down" isn't just a platitude, it may inspire you to give it a try.
2. Straighten up. Just as our emotions come through in our facial expressions, our bodies also tend to reflect our mental state. We describe people as "downtrodden" or "carrying the weight of the world" because negative feelings affect our posture. Sadness and stress bring slumped shoulders, downcast gaze, and a tendency to make ourselves smaller overall. Research into how posture affects our emotions is pretty clear: simply sitting up or standing up straighter, with an elongated spine, more open chest position, and a raised gaze has mood-brightening results. Now that we'll not only look better, you'll feel better.
3. Just breathe. Did you know that we actually breathe differently depending on our mood? It may sound kind of woo-woo, but it's not. You already know that the way you breathe when you're stressed and panicked is different from the way you breathe when you're calm and relaxed. Well, it turns out that there's such a thing as typical happy breathing. What's more, just as you can flip around smiling and great posture to produce happier feelings, the same can be done with the way you breathe. A 2010 study showed emotional states can be created by breathing patterns, and the great news is that it's not complicated and it doesn't require incense or a gong or anything. Feeling down? Check your breathing. Deep, slow breaths--the kind that you can feel in your abdomen, rather than the kind that raise your chest--are the way to create feelings of calm and well-being. Breathe like you're already feeling good, and soon enough, you 'til you make it, the more natural it will begin to feel. And pretty soon, you'll be happier, which means you won't be faking it anymore. Pretty awesome.Did you feel it ? Only if you live here in Southern California. Once again, the earth, which appears to be as solid as the 'Rock of Gibraltar', disappointed me, as a sudden jolt, was followed by that nauseating rolling motion under the ground that our home is built on. This is our fifth major jolt and roll since Easter Day, and it is the first time in 16 years (of living in Perris Valley) that my wife and I have felt successive quakes. In 16 years, the only quake we felt was 9 years ago, up until Easter 2010. Of course, we'd hear about quakes all around us (as close as 20 miles away from our home town), but, we never felt the effects of those quakes. I can tell you folks this: Something is truly amiss on planet earth! And, all this shaking brings to mind the warning that Jesus gave His disciples about the end times in Matt. 24:7, Mark 13:8, Luke 21:11. He reminded them that with wars, rumors of wars, and earthquakes in divers places would be nothing like the coming tribulation man would feel. If these are merely 'birth pangs' the church is blessed to know that we'll be gone for most of the 'fireworks' during the coming world-wide tribulations. The church should never lose sight of the fact, that Jesus will return like a 'thief in the night' which is Word of caution to be ready, at any time, to fly away !!!:wavey: Shalom, Pastor Paul :type:‘Tis the season of DIY projects for me right now. I don’t know, I guess of late I’ve been feeling like I’ve needed some diversion that doesn’t involve little toddler boys. Something to do with my hands that’s not diaper-changing or cooking or folding laundry or loading the dishwasher. Something more creative, I suppose.
So I’ve been trying to work my way through the DIY Pinterest board I created for myself. I saw this video posted on Facebook a while ago on arm-knitting and I thought, “How cool! I can totally do that!” You don’t need any knitting needles, just some yarn and your two arms.
So this past Monday night I put the boys to bed early and set to work. It took me more like two hours instead of 30 minutes, but that’s because I spent a lot of time pausing and rewinding the video. Once I got the hang of it, it went pretty fast and was not difficult at all.
My scarf came out a little too long and bulky. I had to wrap it around three times and it kind of felt like I had a python around my neck. Next time I think I’ll use one skein of yarn instead of two. Here’s a picture of my lovely friend Jing modeling the scarf. It looked much better on her, and since she’ll be moving to New York soon, she’ll probably have more need for a python infinity scarf anyway.LiveWell Dispensary - Salem Reviews
“Like with any store, good experiences and not so good at times. I have been coming there since February or March, I like it and over all it's been good. I have shops closer to me that I pass to go there. I have recommended to friends and they shop there too now. ”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Woe!!! Thank you for recommending our shop to your crew!! That is incredible news...We truly appreciate your taking the time to share out this review and your sentiments on shopping here...We would love to know how we can help your experience be great each time you come in...if you want to share that information with us, we are all ears...just ask to give us some feedback anytime you are in next. Any budtender or manager can take that information to heart....Have a great day!
“This shop has all you need in looking for in med/rec dispensary . There staff is always knowledgeable and respectful . Great prices ! AND the Bud there is always FIRE!! Now AM livingwell😁”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Hey there, we are so grateful and inspired from this great review you have provided. We really want to provide the community with super great Buds, and really awesome customer service. Your confirmation is golden and much appreciated!! It makes all of the daily duties and efforts feel like its all worth it!!
“Great shop”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Thank you very much for this review! Short, Sweet, to the point, and truly appreciated!!
“Queen coming in here before they became recreational one of the best places to find the Snoop Dogg weed great Edibles friendly customer service always willing to help get you the best for your bucks can't go wrong with it well...”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
You are so awesome!! Thank you for taking the time for this awesome review! We really appreciate!!
“Very friendly and knowledgeable!”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Thank you for this great review! It is so nice of you to take a moment!
“Moved from Tigard and found this shop by chance. It has competitive prices and an amazing staff. The products are of good quality too. This is going to be my new regular place.”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Thank you!! We are so happy to be here for you!! Come by and see us!
“It's fine but I won't return. The women there seem more interested in their own needs as opose to the customers. There are many other places. Maybe they should realize that.”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Hello Craig, We are sorry to not have you in the shop anymore. We have had the pleasure of helping you sooooo many times in our shop, and received all of your accolades about our service, compassion, and knowledge. Not sure where this went wrong for you but if you ever want to come in and talk with us about it, please do. We are always making room for personal and professional improvement. We do wish you the best! Take good care and have a great journey in life!!
“Stopped by to visit and ask questions, I was made to feel very uncomfortable by management, left the property without making a purchase.”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Hello Nathan, We remember when you came by with your questions. Many customers come in with LOTS of questions and we are happy to talk and talk and talk about our product in the shop, but when your questions turned more personal in nature, the vibe was not welcomed. However, we do wish you the best in all of your pursuits!
“Livewell is the place to shop for your herbal needs!! great place, great prices and good knowledgable people!!!”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Tricia22, thank you very much for this wonderful review!! We are doing our best to their for you and your needs each and every time....Thank you for this special encouragement- we take it to heart!!
“This dispensory is good. But be careful with one of the female budtenders. I usually buy $5 gram specials. One time I bought 1gram and she charged me $6.70 next time I bought another gram and she charged me $8.00. Why I didn't say anything? Because I usually pay with a 20$ bill and she doesn't count your money back nor gives you a recipt therfor I notices when I had left, and on top of that I might've been to high In a peaceful mood that I wouldn't go complain.”
Comment from LiveWell Dispensary - Salem
Hello. I am sorry that your experiences were not stellar in our shop. I do feel that maybe we've had a misunderstanding and I hope we can resolve it together. Please come back in our shop and talk to us about it and you will see, that we will make it right for you. Also, please note, our $5 gram has tax added, making each gram $6 if you do not possess a med card. If your buds are not exactly to the gram in weight, you will be charged for the overage, just like at the grocery store buying fruit. As for the 8.00 gram, we have many buds in jar that are $8 gram, so I assume a mistake was made, and you did not get the $5 gram discount in our POS system. Furthermore, I am so sorry about your receipt. As a team, we just started a new policy of asking each customer if they want their receipt and bag, because 99% of time, they dont! So, some how it seems that you have gotten caught up in this transition. Sounds like a great time for a customer discount to me! Just come in and ask for the manager, and we will help you again with pride and diligence.Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation (1997)
- Title
- Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation
- Year
- 1997
- Genre
- Action Comedy Adventure
- Type
- TV Shows
- IDMB rating
- 4.5 (1064 votes)
- Netflix rating
- 3.4
- Directors
- Actors
- Mitchell A. Lee Yuen, Jarred Blancard, Richard Yee, Dean Choe
Everyone's favorite teenage mutants are back in live action to fight crime with help from a new ninja turtle -- a female named Venus De Milo. In this live-action TV series, the Turtles are older than in the movies or cartoon, and are joined by a fifth, female Turtle. "Venus De Milo" mutated with the other 4 Turtles but was washed...
Is Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation on Netflix?
Yes! Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation (1997) is available on Netflix. Currently it's available in the following 220 countries. Not available in your country? click here.
Available since Feb. 10, 2017
Was available until Dec. 31, 2016
Watch the trailer
Check the Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation (1997) trailer!Results 1 to 5 of 5
Big Rumor: Team Punk vs Team HHH at Survivor SeriesFollow us on Social Media
Follow @iamdesirulez
Tweet #iamdesirulez
Word going around at Tuesday’s WWE tapings was that creative has discussed popping the big CM Punk storyline at Survivor Series with CM Punk and Colt Cabana’s team taking on Triple H and Kevin Nash’s team. One idea was thrown to have Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli on Team Punk.
WWE is looking to keep the Punk and Triple H storyline going through the fall to help against Monday Night Football competition.
Thoughts?
- Join Date
- Aug 2011
- 1
T
ye....HHHShards Online Kickstarter Trailer – Mechanics
With Shards Online in its second week of funding, developers offer a rundown of the mechanics that sets the power of the sandbox firmly in the players’ hands.
Videos You May Enjoy
Articles You May Enjoy
RaiderZ Review
- RaiderZ is a 3D fantasy themed monster-hunting MMORPG developed by MAEIT Entertainment, the same creator of the FPS GunZ: The Duel.
Combat Arms opens the Slaughterhouse
- A new update today for Combat Arms releases a new map for clan battlers.
As the new year begins, I want to thank YOU from the bottom of my heart. Every single message of thanks, support and enthusiasm you leave on the blog and social media pages make all the work, energy & passion poured into Gather so worthwhile. Thanks to you, Gather is growing in leaps and bounds – and because the two most consistent requests you make are for a cookbook and online workshops, I’m going to do my very best to bring them to you!
Creating a cookbook and videos requires time and (expensive!) resources to create – so Gather is launching a Patreon account for those who’d like to help bring these projects into reality. Patreon is an online platform that’s taken the tradition of being “a patron of the arts” and combined it with crowdfunding (i.e. Kickstarter or Indiegogo). But instead of donating money to a single project Patreon allows people to donate small amounts of money on a monthly basis and support the work of people they enjoy and believe in. People who donate are usually rewarded with Patreon Rewards as a gesture of thanks for their contribution.
So it’s pretty simple really, you just agree to give whatever you can comfortably afford each month – and in return you’ll get special Patreon bonuses. (Click on Patreon Button the sidebar at right to find out more) And for Canadians remember your pledges will be made in American dollars! Those contributing at the $3.00 & $5.00 level will receive access to my personal foraging diary, photos, behind the scenes videos, plus advance pages from the cookbooks before they are published.
So here’s the plan. Along with writing more Gather blog posts & sharing more recipes, I’ll be hard at work on a series of e-cookbooks revolving around the seasonal plants, magical recipes and sacred holidays of the Great Wheel of the Year. Weaving together wild and ancestral foods, plant lore, food history and folklore, these cookbooks will bring you wildcrafted dishes and enchanting menus to celebrate the bounty of each season! (Patrons not only receive advances pages from the book, they will have free digital access to all editions as they are published.)
And along with creating more short videos I will also begin work on developing a series of “how to” videos/ workshops that will cover everything from ethical harvesting and Gather’s Community Supported Foraging Plan to cooking with Dandelion root, making Hawthorn Ketchup, Wildcrafted Herb Cheese, Woodland Tonic Syrups…the list goes on! Patrons donating $10.00 per month will receive free access to all the online workshop videos as they are created. And if financially possible, my big dream is to bring you video interviews/profiles with fascinating forgers, herbalists, permaculturists, wild food artists, medicine & wise women whose work, stories and knowledge needs to be shared.
All this requires oodles of time, equipment upgrading (like a real professional camera not my phone!) video editing software, technical support, travel costs…and well, you can see how it all starts to add up. Your patronage will help bring these dreams into reality – but before I get too carried away – I promise to start at square one – updating the Gather website.
Over the years it has grown so large it needs to be streamlined and reorganized (i.e. recipes sorted into categories) to make the site more easily navigable. So ideally, not being a webmaster, I’m hoping to use patron funds to get a little professional help!
So lets just say your patronage will help Gather serve you better, and bring you even more wild food, herbal recipes and magical inspiration! And please let me know if there something else you’d like as a Patreon Reward. I’m happy to develop new directions (and most probably will) as we go along!
So take a think and see if you’d like to contribute. And remember just sharing this post would help a lot! But I still want to thank-you for caring and just being there! Gather is proud to be part of a growing movement of people seeking a deeper spiritual connection to nature, the the food we eat, to our community and to the holidays we celebrate. Because in this time of ecological and food crisis, nothing matters more than healing our relationship with our mother, the earth.
May many blessings find you and your loved ones in the next year!
Warmly,
Danielle XO
3 thoughts on “Help Gather Serve You Better!”
Perhaps you could consider a small one off contribution…People could then donate a little whenever they are able with no commitments
Thanks Cherie! Good suggestion! I don’t think Patreon allows for one time donations…but maybe I will set up a kickstarter account just for this purpose!
Oh heck yeah.AHA: New school fitness assessment will aid in the battle against childhood obesitySeptember 11, 2012 in Medicine & Health / Overweight and Obesity
American Heart Association CEO Nancy Brown issued the following comments on a unified fitness assessment program announced today by The President's Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition; the American Alliance for Health, Recreation, Physical Education and Dance; the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; and the Cooper Institute:
."
Provided by American Heart Association
"AHA: New school fitness assessment will aid in the battle against childhood obesity" September 11, 2012A missing teenager from Durham has been found safe and well.
Durham Police launched an appeal to find 13-year-old Dean Dixon after he was reported missing.
The teen was last seen at his home in the city around 5pm on Saturday, April 1.
Police have now confirmed Dean has been found safe.
On Twitter police announced the good news: "Dean Dixon has been traced and is safe and well.
"Thanks to all those of you who shared the appeal."Insurance Coverage: Many major insurance plans no longer cover Harvoni starting in 2016. Learn More
Good
New GoodRx Top 10 Drug Guide
>>IMAGE. See More
Harvoni: New Once-Daily Combination for Hepatitis C
In case you are already running Windows 10 on your X-64 config PC, you may like to check for the latest Windows update KB3081455, that Microsoft has pushed. The cumulative update KB3081455 brings improvements to enhance the functionality of Windows 10 and also resolves several vulnerabilities. Being cumulative in nature this update contains all previously released fixes. You need to restart your PC after installing this update.
You can read about all the past Windows 10 updates by clicking here.
KB3081455 changelog:
This update for Windows 10 includes functionality improvements and resolves the vulnerabilities in Windows that are described in the following Microsoft security bulletins:Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-094
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-095
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-097
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-098
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-101
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-102
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-105
Windows 10 updates are cumulative. Therefore, this package contains all previously released fixes. If you have previous updates installed, only the new fixes that are contained in this package will be downloaded and installed to your computer.
How to obtain this update
Method 1: Windows Update
This update is available through Windows Update and will be downloaded and installed automatically.
Method 2: Microsoft Update Catalog
To obtain.I've been happily using LR5 but last night as I'm working my through a through bunch of images, editing etc..I would Forward Arrow> to the next image and the display shows me 2 images overlaid..usually the one adjacent to the one I selected with the Arrow Key.
It doesn't stop..rebooted, repaired permissions all the usual stuff..still doing it and it's shutting down my work..
Anyone know what's going on here? Can't find much about it on the web. I am in Lightroom 5.0 on Macbook Pro 2.9Ghz i7 with 8gigs of RAM, running Mavericks 10.9.5 .
Thanks!
First, update to Lightroom 5.7.1.
If that doesn't work than delete your Preferences file.
Replacing the Lightroom Preference File | Lightroomers!Write an Android application
Budget ₹12500-37500 INR
Require app to put up multimedia content for training which can be accessed level wise and category wise. Content will be in the nature of videos, ppt's, pdf etc.
After viewing the content viewer will have to give a small quiz to understand how well they have understood.
Content will be installed on our server and will be downloaded on the mobile device for the current level of the user.
Usage and Performance of the user will be stored on the local device and also updated on the server.
We would like this app to work on different kinds of devices such as phone, tablet android box etc.
If this works well we will look at further expanding the project to undertake other areas of our requirement.
28 freelancers are bidding on average ₹40541 for this job
hello sirm, want to ask few questsion please inbox me so we can discuss better about this thank you Relevant Skills and Experience android Proposed Milestones ₹27777 INR - okDormice by Pat Morris is one of the latest in the British Natural History publications from Whittet Books. This second edition publication gives a … [Read more...]
Book review: Dormice
November 8, 2011 by Leave a Comment
Book review – Owls by Chris Mead
September 5, 2011 by Leave a Comment
Owls is the first volume in the British Natural History Collection by Whittet Books. Some of the books, like this one, are popular books brought … [Read more...]_______________________________________________________________________________________
Here is one reason that The Plague has re-emerged in Africa. Go figure.
_______________________________________________________________________________________
The Editor: Has Trump replaced AF-1, LL ?
30 Megaton Cat: He sure has. He doesn’t have to listen to the Dems complaining about his flight time anymore. He can do some company business and still make tee time. Drop a thirty megaton on any target and head for the golf course. Here is his new plane.
He got the idea from this video.
Here is a traveler that has been going for probably a billion years. Check out the effect the sun’s gravity has on the traveler.Add a generous portion of green vegetables in your daily diet and get benefitted it multiple ways. While you get to your market to purchase veggies, pick and choose the fresh ones, and don’t compromise due to the cost. Fresh and green veggies are far better than stale and pale ones. Vegetables can be consumed in numerous ways, like you can make salads, smoothies, gravy or simply add them to your sandwiches. Being in India, you are surely going to know of some of the best culinary recipes where you can add veggies like spinach, broccoli, kale, cabbage, etc. Let us now read through some of the healthy benefits these veggies provide us!
Health benefits
- Better Eye Health: green vegetables like spinach and kale comprise essential carotenoids known as luetin and zeaxanthin. They are important for improving eyesight. They provide a protective shield for your macula and prevent damage of blue light. These are also known to avoid problems like macular degeneration, cataract, etc. which are caused due to aging. Our body transforms beta-carotene present in these veggies into vitamin A which reduce nighttime blindness.
- Improve Bone Health: when we age we become fragile. Our bones start becoming weak and these signs are more prone to happen to women than men. One common bone condition that can be avoided with the regular consumption of green veggies is osteoporosis or endocrine bone disease. There are numerous factors like our regular food, lifestyle, genes, can affect our bone health. With the regular consumption of green veggies you can improve the strength of bone. These veggies are rich in calcium which is essential for maintaining better bone health. These also have vitamin K which increases osteocalcin, the protein for enhancing bone density.
- Prevention of Cancer: global studies have resulted to the fact that numerous green veggies prevent cancer. With the regular consumption of leafy veggies you can not only promote healthier body but you can keep it away from deadly diseases as such. The vegetables include numerous antioxidants, flavonoids and carotenoids, and these element fight cancers like stomach, colon, breast and skin. Add veggies like broccoli, cabbage, Brussels sprouts for boosting your body with these fightable weapons.
- Enhance Metabolism: green veggies are going to help you enhance your body weight as they improve metabolism and that in turn reduces weight. These veggies are full of fiber and iron, and they are low in fat, alternatively red bloods cells transfer nutrients all through the body and balance it out. With a pure pack of essential vitamins and minerals and low calorie diet consumption, you are sure to manage your weight well.
- Brain Functioning: dark green veggies like spinach and broccoli prevent you from age-related cognitive decline. These are high in vitamin B and B9 content and they improve overall concentration and nurture the functioning of brain. These are further loaded with antioxidants and carotenoids which protect the brain from free radicals. If you have struggle to memorize or remembering things, you must increase the consumption of green veggies, for resolving such conditions in a healthy way!
- Boosts Energy: if you find yourself fatigued at odd hours, chances are that your diet needs to be more of green veggies! When your body lacks iron, you might lack energy too. Veggies like kale, spinach and broccoli are sources of iron and vitamin C. Both of these improve our energy levels and build immunity.
- Other Benefits: green veggies also have folic acid which betters ovulation and obstructs birth defects. The iron content would prevent anemia, as it boosts cellular levels and that in turn doesn’t hinder pregnancy!
Our body is that we dwell in and we ought to keep it healthy and fit. For staying fit and obtaining our desired life goals, we must consume food which is healthy for us. Having a proper diet solves numerous problems and extends longevity. Add these veggies in your regular diet so that you get benefitted of all the things mentioned above. Try to have them in their subtlest forms and avoid excess frying. This way they stay healthy and you retain all the nutrients.
from Beauty & Health Tips
Originally posted in Beauty & Health TipsPirates and the high seas set the scene for the return of the acclaimed series Kill Shakespeare with the new mini series The Mask of Night published by IDW. The Mask of Night sees the return of Hamlet, Othello, and Juliet while introducing us to new versions of Viola and Cesario from the Shakespearean comedy Twelfth Night. As our story unfolds, our heroes find themselves on the ship of the pirate Cesario after the destruction of the island during the Tide of Blood.
The Mask of Night (TMoN) is again helmed by the writing team of Anthony Del Col and Connor McCreery with art by Any Belanger. By retaining the original (and only) creative team, TMoN maintains the same the same visual and written integrity of the previous series, but the new setting adds a welcome change and renewed vigor to the series. The swashbuckling nature of Cesario’s pirate escapades adds even more urgency to the pace of the story.
Othelo’s delirium, Viola and Cesario’s torrid love affair, Juliet’s revelation, evading the cannibal Lucius, and bloody mutiny all highlight the intense nature of just the first two issues of TMoN. With only two issues remaining in the series, The Mask of Night is sure to bring out all of the stops at it sails toward its finale. So far The Mask of Night is shaping up the turn the world of Kill Shakespeare upside down.Today is Thursday, March 3, the 63rd day of 2016. There are 303 days left in the year.
Today’s Highlights in History:
On March 3, 1991, motorist Rodney King was severely beaten by Los Angeles police officers in a scene captured on amateur video. Twenty-five people were killed when a United Airlines Boeing 737-200 crashed while approaching the Colorado Springs airport.
On this date:
In 1845, Florida became the 27th state.
In 1849, the U.S. Department of the Interior was established. 1966, death claimed actor William Frawley at age 79 and actress Alice Pearce at age 48 in Hollywood.
In 1974, a Turkish Airlines DC-10 crashed shortly after takeoff from Orly Airport in Paris, killing all 346 people on board.
In 1985, coal miners in Britain voted to end a yearlong strike that proved to be the longest and most violent walkout in British history. longstanding dispute regarding cross-border trucking. Soldiers backing Ivory Coast’s defiant leader, Laurent Gbagbo, mowed down women protesting his refusal to leave power in a hail of gunfire, killing seven.: Socialite Lee Radziwill is 83.. Rock musician John Bigham is 57. Radio personality Ira Glass is 57. Actress Mary Page Keller is 55. Olympic track and field gold medalist Jackie Joyner-Kersee is 54. Former NFL player and College Football Hall of Famer Herschel Walker is 54. Contemporary Christian musician Duncan Phillips (Newsboys) is 52.. Rock musician Blower (AKA Joe Garvey) (Hinder) is 32. Pop singer Camila Cabello (Fifth Harmony) is 19.
Thought for Today: “Nothing is really real unless it happens on television.” — Daniel J. Boorstin, educator and Librarian of Congress (1914-2004).Debbi Moore 40 A4 Dimensional Card Templates 250gsm349762
A fantastic collection of 40 A4 Dimensional Card Templates from Debbie Moore Designs that are sure to be popular amongst crafters of all ages and skill levels!Read the full description
Description
All of the card creations in this Debbi Moore 40 A4 Dimensional Card Templates Set are sure to look fantastic once adorned with other papercraft effects and embellishments - it's so easy to build these fantastic multi-dimensional templates in no time at all!
With an array of different card templates, there are a lot of different designs that you can bring to life, sure to keep you crafting happily for some time. Simple to make, all you need to do is cut, score and decorate!
Features:
- These card templates are pre-printed with both score and cut lines marked out, making it easier for you to begin.
- These designs are ideal for both beginner and advanced crafters alike.
Contents:
- 40 x A4 Dimensional Card Templates (250Application Information
Login or Sign up to apply for this Scholarship
Scholarship Overview
This scholarship is for residents of Lapeer County, Michigan, who are in their third year or more of college or university studies. To qualify for this scholarship, applicants must be pursuing a career in elementary education or secondary education. Applicants must possess a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher for postsecondary studies.
How easy is it to apply?
Not too bad
This scholarship's application process may have items such as essays that could take a couple hours.
How much competition is there?
Relatively little!
This scholarship has a relatively low number of applicants.- Description
Details
The five hole vapour filter helps to prevent the spit back of e-juices that can be experienced with sub ohm builds and produces a denser vape making it ideal for flavour chasers. It has a short body with a flared base for stability and a round tip, it is recommended for mouth to lung vapers due to the air flow being limited by the filter. This drip tip is push in fitting including Kanger: 20 mm including 510 fitting
- Tip diameter: 11 mm
- Base diameter: 12.6 mm
- Bore: 4 x 2 mm air holes, 1 x 1.5 mm central air hole (equivalent to a narrow bore)
-Offering free WiFi and city views, Lucas\' House is an accommodation set in Lagos, just a 20-minute walk from Meia Praia Beach Lagos and 800 metres from Lagos Marina. The apartment, set in a building dating from 2009, is a 15-minute walk from Lagos Live Science Center and 1.8 km from Santa Maria Church.
The apartment has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and a bathroom with a bidet and free toiletries. A flat-screen TV and Blu-ray player are available.
The apartment offers a...n outdoor pool. Lucas\' House has a barbecue and a garden, which can be enjoyed by guests if the weather permits.
Popular points of interest near the accommodation include First European Slave Market, Statue of Henry the Navigator and Church of Saint Anthony. Faro Airport is 64 km away.
This is my son's favorite! We have to hide it in the fridge or he would drink the whole thing in one day! He has a small cup every morning!
My husband and I both love Juicy Juice Apple Juice! It tastes great. The price isn't bad but you can usually find a coupon for juicy juice.
I don't like buying juice. The sugar content is too high and some of the juices have a fake taste to them. I do like the apple though.
I love this apple juice I mix it in with a lot of types of my drinks it reminds me of being a little kid and having my little juice box
My little girl love this apple juice and we love that it is 100% juice without all the additives they put in kids drinks these days.
My son loves these! The taste, straw and tiny little box! You can find them almost anywhere and they don't contain loads of sugar.
Both of my kids love apple juice so I always go with the big container of juicy juice! Good price.. good taste.. and they love it!
Always a winner in my household, the Juicy Juice brand is superior to the rest! Also, I always find good prices on this brand :)
I love this juice! It tastes natural and not too sweet. Love mixing this with other natural juices or mixing it with a smoothie.
So good! Juicy juice is light but very fresh and almost like you're biting into an apple. It's also organic and safe for kids. :)
Q & A
Looking for
your answer?
Be the First to Ask a Question
PHOTOS & VIDEOS
See All Photos & VideosHaving scored a late equaliser against Huddersfield, enabling Brighton to win promotion, Derby faces Sheffield Wednesday away, with the outcome very likely to have ramifications on the race to the Premier League.
After Huddersfield scored an early offside goal, Derby dominated the play, territory and possession without really impacting on the Terriers goal. Their patience was eventually rewarded via a deflected equaliser from Butterfield.
Rowett must decide whether to keep Vydra in the number 10 role or opt for an extra midfielder. With nothing to lose, The Rams are better off taking the game to The Owls and going on the front foot.
Hughes and Johnson will start in the middle with the energetic and tricky Anya starting on the left. Nugent is hopeful of a return up front after missing the last game via a groin injury.
Midfielder Kieran Lee may return to the Owls squad after months out with a hip injury while Forestieri is a slight doubt after a knock to his knee. Fletcher and Hooper will be hoping to be involved after recent injuries and record signing Rhodes may have to settle for a place on the bench.
Bannan and Wallace will provide Sheffield Wednesday with energy and trickery in midfield. Loovens and Lees will look to Marshall the defence and Westwood is an excellent keeper, however the Wednesday defence can be prone to the odd error.
In the past 20 years Derby have had a good record against the Owls, both home and away. They have not lost in the past 15 encounters and only lost once at Hillsborough in the past 13 matches.
However, the losing play off finalists from last year are currently on a good run and are looking for their 5th consecutive league victory for the first time in ten years.
Match Prediction:
Generally, the Derby squad does not play well enough of pick up points against good opposition, especially away from home and with nothing really to play for, this does not bode well for the Rams.
The Owls are fighting for promotion and Derby are still pondering what went wrong and at which point. The team often seem to lack the necessary mental strength, desire and all round quality even when they have something to play for.
Derby could potentially get overrun in this game and may struggle if they concede within the first half hour. The midfield battle will be key.
Derby to lose 3-1 with Nugent to score and The Owls to end up in the play offs.
Derby 2 v 0 Wednesday
Pride Park - 29th October 2016
Wednesday 2 v 5 Derby
Hillsborough Stadium - 24th September 1997Considerations To Know About the 7 figure cycle
Pleasant pictures of teas and fixings are discovered on The full width slider and goods outlines or photographs, rendering it unwanted to incorporate other plan supplemental things.
two. Obtain and leasing of merchandise, services or info is just not minimal by a certain area or interval. You can easily purchase and market as an alternative to a specified duration of working day.
Inspite of any budgetary retreat and financial strain, Net centered obtaining proceeds to create strides. Extension of your business Middle and creating developing that disentangles our day to day lives assist to established the speed of on the internet business enterprise outline.
Open up resource World wide web business enterprise techniques provide you with a broad exhibit of attributes and intricacy. Ahead of deciding on a solitary, you must be bona fide with yourself about your Net engineer capacities as well as your accounts to purchase assistance and assist.
Additionally,training about Mailchimp might help marketers conserve a great deal of dollars. seven Figure Cycle is strongly encouraged by me ,it’s among the best e commerce learning the World I have at any time witnessed so far.
Find out how you can make Each day income of on-need items on the globe’s most significant e-commerce websites devoid of paying ANY money
E commerce has revolutionized the civilization of shopping for and marketing. There is not any longer a restriction which makes you need to vacation someplace to perform some small organization deal or even a industrial agreement to market or attain an item. There’s not any trouble with timing. You should purchase at the daytime or sell in the evening. The market is open 20 four hrs daily, 30 times a month, 300 and sixty five days a 12 months, and in a continuous renewal and soaring unfold, and it is likely to produce a global industry rather than just area and will compete in all to catch the attention of the best quantity of potential buyers and also maximize profits, Standard trade wasn’t feasible Obtained in almost any way, but generally below to existing a lot of the primary components to get ecommerce dependant on thy audio forces provided assist and disperse underneath the breeding of numerous opponents On this trade every year.
1) Remain accessible to all data, and make the most of human and complex filters Tend not to this contact form make an effort to prevent the circulation of information given that you cannot. Alternatively,
Regarding extension, the site could incorporate towns, even whole international locations. You may buy your merchandise If they're acceptable with regard to price and excellent. Customers from all over the planet, isn't this a lot better than the normal shop ?!
You, much also, can be a press button from the mobile cellular cell phone or a computer. You can search by 1000s of merchandise and possibilities over the internet and go for what satisfies you greatest, and choose the payment and shipping methods that satisfy you with no acquiring find this a tiredness and zero cost higher than work and time.
The 2 techniques for setting objectives earlier mentioned tie into the overall concept of setting Good aims. They're aims that are:
By making use of a cycle technique, you'll be able to grow your earnings promptly inside a matter of weeks, build up an extremely financially rewarding stream of income in just below per month – If your people today driving the system are to be believed.
one — Don’t want a large funds where you could cause An electrical retail outlet utilizing a symbolic or free hire in some cases, also regarding labor cost can be less when compared to the standard store as the on the net shop operates by itself completely of personnel and cashiers and collectors and accountants, it works as the full establishment each day and minus income.
In my company summary, seven Figure Cycle is a superb training course for those who are seriuos about producing revenue with dropshipping and shopify. What I really like with regards to the training is the fact he has a lot of large level training along with discount and his have software.DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Orlando at SeaWorld
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Orlando at SeaWorld
Need Dates
- 01/28/2018 – 01/31/2018
- 02/13/2018 – 02/18/2018
- 03/12/2018 – 03/16/2018
Ratings
Awards
DoubleTree by Hilton Orlando at SeaWorld Is Honored With Convention South’s Prestigious Top New or Renovated Meeting Site Award Best of Meetings Award 2017 TripAdvisor - Certificate of Excellence
Amenities
Room Features and Guest Services
-
Recreational Activities
- Health Club
- Outdoor Pool
- Whirlpool
Venue Accessible By
- Airport Shuttle
- Bus
- Taxi
Equipment
- Dance Floor
- Portable Heaters
- Staging Area
Image Gallery
Meeting Space
Guest Rooms
Images
Nearby
Local Attractions
SeaWorld
Universal Orlando Resort
Aquatica
Discovery Cove
Walt Disney World Resort
I-Drive 360
Orange County Convention Center
Toy Story Land
Getting Here
Directions From Interstate 4 East From Orlando: Take I-4 West to Exit 72-Beachline Expressway (which is also known as SR 528). Then take the International Drive / Sea World exit (Exit 1). Go through the light. The Doubletree is on the left with the entrance on Westwood Blvd. Directions from Interstate 4 West From Tampa: Take I-4 East to Exit 72-Beachline Expressway (which is also known as 528). Then take the International Drive / Sea World exit (Exit 1). Go through the light. The Doubletree is on the left with the entrance on Westwood Blvd. From Orlando International Airport: Take the Beachline Expressway west to the International Drive / SeaWorld exit. Turn left (south on International Drive). The Doubletree Hotel Orlando at SeaWorld is on the right, at the next traffic light. Distance from Hotel:10 mi.
Parking
- Paid Parking$18.00 / day
- Valet Parking$23.00 / day
- Bus Parking
More
Conveniently situated in the heart of Orlando’s famous attractions and close to the Orange County Convention Center, DoubleTree by Hilton Orlando at SeaWorld redefines the meeting and banquet experience. Our full service resort hotel, situated on 28 lush acres of native palm trees and tropical fountains, is minutes away from all popular Orlando attractions and only 10 minutes from the Orlando International Airport (MCO). And now, We’re Branching Out with the completion of our® will offer everyone from vacationing families, to groups of up to 2,000, a secluded getaway just minutes from the best Orlando has to offer.
Cancellation Policy
72 hours prior to arrival
Additional Information
*Please note:.A floral fiesta could be seen in Caistor as the prizes for the town’s annual Garden Competition were awarded last week.
Caistor in Bloom was once again inundated with many varied and beautifully cared for gardens that belied the tremendous amount of care and attention bestowed upon each and every entry.
Caistor in Bloom committee member Steve Penney, from Waltham Herbs, said: “What an incredibly high standard of gardens we have in Caistor.
“The marking was very close and every entry was worthy of distinction”
The entry for Best Commercial Premises that surprised everyone was The White Hart.
Proprietor Rick Sandham has gone to great lengths to provide something new and innovative with his barrel water feature, which narrowly pipped Systematics’ beautiful blooms into first place.
The town looked clean and litter free. Self watering barrels have been placed in strategic areas and benches, railings and litter bins painted, streets and roads swept clean.
The introduction of new planters and self watering hanging baskets has shown an increase in take up of the businesses sponsorship, which has had the desired effect.
Once the judging was done the winners were: Best Domestic Garden - Mr/s Spencer, Best Hanging Basket/Patio - Mr/s K King, ~ Best Doorway - Mrs Y Bradshaw and the Best Commercial Premises - The White Hart.
The next competition is Best Eligible Garden, which will be judged on Monday August 5 from 6pm.
The closing date for entries is Friday August 2.
Britain in Bloom judging day is Monday July 29 when Caistor will compete in the Large Village category.BuyMyWeedOnline.ca Reviews
“Awesome product and extremely courteous customer service! I would definitely buy from there again!”
“Quality bud, best prices I've found yet”
“Everything perfect and fast delivery !!”
“Every strain is always good, they have a really nice chat service where people can help you find the strains you need. They even ship to my little town in Quebec. You've got to try that place !”
“Buy my weed is the most convenient service of all time good prices good quality”
“I have received three orders from this dispensary and everything has been prompt. Shipping is fast, quality is good. Love the products”
“The service is great shipping is very fast, the product is always amazing. After the first toke all you'll want to do is have more.”
“Very fast, professional and reliable”
“Amazing service, products and delivery time. What more could you want? Always get my orders within 3 business days even living in Ontario. Thanks BMWO!!”
“Fast and efficient processing and shipping. No wait, stock is updated online all the time.”Article
Genome size is a strong predictor of cell size and stomatal density in angiospermsNew Phytologist
Publication Date9-1-2008
Abstract• Across eukaryotes phenotypic correlations with genome size are thought to scale from genome size effects on cell size. However, for plants the genome/cell size link has only been thoroughly documented within ploidy series and small subsets of herbaceous species. • Here, the first large-scale comparative analysis is made of the relationship between genome size and cell size across 101 species of angiosperms of varying growth forms. Guard cell length and epidermal cell area were used as two metrics of cell size and, in addition, stomatal density was measured. • There was a significant positive relationship between genome size and both guard cell length and epidermal cell area and a negative relationship with stomatal density. Independent contrast analyses revealed that these traits are undergoing correlated evolution with genome size. However, the relationship was growth form dependent (nonsignificant results within trees/shrubs), although trees had the smallest genome/cell sizes and the highest stomatal density. • These results confirm the generality of the genome size/cell size relationship. The results also suggest that changes in genome size, with concomitant influences on stomatal size and density, may influence physiology, and perhaps play an important genetic role in determining the ecological and life-history strategy of a species.
Citation InformationJeremy M. Beaulieu, Ilia J. Leitch, Sunil Patil, Arjun Pendharkar, et al.. "Genome size is a strong predictor of cell size and stomatal density in angiosperms" New Phytologist Vol. 179 Iss. 4 (2008) p. 975 - 986
Available at:Most a razor with more blade and lubricant power.
There’s a reason why mundane brands and products claim to be revolutionary and revolutionary organizations often don’t. Most people most of the time don’t want the revolutionary; they want the familiar only in an improved form. We don’t want to deal with change – we just want the benefits change can bring. Revolutions are scary; new and improved razors aren’t.
That’s why one client, who is building the electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure that will relieve range anxiety and, yes, revolutionize e-transportation, isn’t talking about it that way. Switching away from combustion engine automobiles is a big enough deal without emphasizing what a big deal it is. Nor is this brand bragging about the ecological benefits which the proliferation of EVs will bring due to its infrastructure development.
On the contrary, we’re branding this client around a sense of continuity and bottom line value. The real beauty of their offering is that with their route-based charging system, drivers will be able to experience the same freedom they had with their gas-guzzlers. In fact, one of the company’s ambitions is to bring back the great American road trip by making it affordable again to drive just about anywhere. So it’s a revolution about getting back to the good old days, using the best and most innovative new technology of course.Slow cooker honey orange chicken gives you the taste and flavor of Chinese takeout without all the breading and oil!
I’m pretty sure the first time I had Chinese takeout I was in college— my family never ordered it growing up! Our weekly food tradition was Friday night pizza night and my Mom cooked most other nights. But Ted’s family had [and still has] an affinity for Chinese takeout. And since I’m no longer in college and married to man that loves good Chinese food, its can be found on our menu every now and then. Want to know what I think about this new tradition? Why the heck didn’t my parents jump on the Chinese takeout bandwagon when I was a little girl!!!
Seriously though, what’s not to love about it? Plenty of sauce, lots of oil, and breaded and fried chicken can be found on most Chinese food menus. While I love someone doing all the cooking for me, my waistline thinks otherwise. Instead of nixing Chinese food all together, Ted and I made some compromises. And that compromise involved me making one of his favorites at home: orange chicken. But as the title of this recipe tells you, I’ve changed up the recipe and made a slow cooker honey orange chicken. Less oil. Less fat. And a lot of flavor! And it’s made in the slow cooker… cha-ching!
While it seems strange to cook meat in the slow cooker with variable temps and times, I assure you cubed chicken cooks quickly— not matter what the slow cooker temp. This adjustment in heat from high to low also helped my sauce thicken and prevent the chicken from overcooking. And if you opt for a higher temperature the entire cooking time OR need more than 4 hours for cooking, keep the chicken breasts whole! And one more thing: for those of you that live in the metro Detroit area, I’d love to hear your favorite Chinese takeout restaurant. We have yet to find one we like other than a chain!
Skip the takeout and make your own honey orange chicken in the slow cooker! Click To Tweet
- 2 lbs. boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut into 2-inch cubes
- ½ cup orange marmalade
- ¼ cup all-purpose flour
- ¼ cup honey BBQ sauce
- ¼ cup soy sauce
- ½ teaspoon sesame oil
- 3 cloves of garlic, crushed
- Pinch of red pepper flakes
- For Serving:
- Brown rice, green onions and sesame seeds
- Optional: Stir orange zest in at the end for extra flavor!
- Spray the insert of your slow cooker with non-stick cooking spray. Add all of the ingredients and stir well to combine.
- Cover and cook on high for four hours, stirring halfway through. Then reduce slow cooker to warm and let rest for an additional hour, to let sauce thicken.
- Serve immediately with brown rice, and top with green onions and sesame seeds.
I really love your blog! The recipes I’ve tried so far are huge hits with my toddler, and I have really appreciated when you share your own vulnerabilities – it’s very relatable (especially your picture of the difference between the 1st and 2nd pregnancy at 3 months! I’m experiencing that now. Wow.) Plus, I went to high school with Ted, so it’s fun to catch up. Thank you!
Thank you so much Kathryn!! What a small world. Ted saw your comment too and laughed! I hope I continue to share recipes you love… Your toddler too ? stay in touch!
Yum! This sounds fantastic, and I love that it doesn’t have all that extra stuff in it. Perfect for my whole family. Pinning!
I have never been so excited for a recipe! I love Orange Chicken but hate the options at local restaurants. This gives me the ability to make it at home and enjoy whenever we’d like, without the hassle of ordering out.
Oh this looks great! I’m always looking for slow cooker recipes. Pinning!
This sounds and looks amazing! I love a new crockpot meal. I can’t wait to try this out!!
My husband will love me more than ever if I make this for him! The only thing is I don’t have a slow cooker (I know, head bowed in shame!). I just got a free pressure cooker – not sure the difference – can I make it in that? Or if I make it in regular pan how would you adjust?
Thanks what an awesome dish
added the juice of half a stick of celery ,
1 more garlic clove
Fresh ginger juice about 15 ml
quarter large onion finely chopped
found this dish at its peak 2hours of cooking..4 hours chicken dries out dries out
Balance of the sauce reduce and use as an awesome rib basting
Smelt really nice cooking. Had to slightly thicken the sauce. Only problem was couldn’t taste the orange marmalade or the bbq honey sauce. Got one portion left so will have that for lunch.
Has anyone tried to make this with gluten free flour?
Not sure what happened? I stirred all the ingredients together then added chicken. The sauce was so thick I added about 1/4 cup of water to thin it. I was worried adding more would affect the flavour. It didn’t help at all. It was edible but not attractive. I wouldn’t make it again. Was the flour maybe to coat the chicken prior to placing in crock pot and not to just throw in with the sauce??
Hi Tammy– thanks so much for your message! I added my flour to the sauce vs. coating the chicken. Did it taste ok? Did the sauce stick to the pan? Slow cookers are so finicky… Hence why mine was cooked on low. Sorry it didn’t turn out like mine!!
Me again 🙂 So I tried the recipe again and ended up doing something different— I cooked it on high for a few hours, then put it on warm for AT LEAST one hour. That really helped to speed up the thickening process!
i bet this tastes lovely. Thanks for sharing this, gonna give this a go later. Simon
Thank you!
How can i make a whole chicken in the crockpot for this recipe pls.
Made this last night! It was absolutely delicious. I placed it in my cook book. I used sweet baby rays honey BBQ and orange marmalade with the peels. I also added some honey for extra sweetness! Thanks much
I want to make this weekend! Could you use almond flour instead of all purpose flour?
Sorry for the delay. I think you definitely could! Did you try the swap?
I found that it was ready at the half time stir point.Thank you for shopping with us at Magali Pascal and we hope that you love your recent purchase!
However, understand that you may wish to return an item.
Please see below for details and instructions of Magali Pascal return policy and procedures.
Product sold to you from is shipped to you from our Dispatch Warehouse in Bali, Indonesia. As such, Magali Pascal sold Online and in Bali complies with the consumer laws of Indonesia. Magali Pascal sold from our Paddington Store in Sydney complies with the consumer laws of Austral a.
Returns will not be accepted back to our warehouse in Bali. This is due to the strict import/export laws of Indonesia. Store Credits can be reimbursed for cash value only.
- Store credits can only be used ONE TIME and cannot be reimbursed again.
- Purchases made with Store Credits cannot be returned.
- Store Credits are valid for one year from date of issue.
- If you have made a purchase with mixed cash and store credit payment, you will receive a Store Credit valued to the cash difference paid only.
- Shipping costs are non-refundable and all costs for return shipment are the responsibility of the customer. Returns may only be authorized if the customer pays for all shipping and duties both directions.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before initiating your return. By initiating your return, you agree to the terms and conditions set out below.
All return requests must be made within 14 days from successful delivery of your online order and require a Returns Authority request form.
RA forms are provided once returns have been formally initiated and authorised via your Online Magali Pascal Account.
Successful return requests are eligible for a Store Credit only.
- We do not offer cash refunds.
- Store Credits are valid for 1 (one) year from date of issue.
- Store Credits are can only be used once.
- store credit. account. Located your Completed Order and clicked the "return item" button. Follow the prompts and Submit Return Request.. Store Credit Issued
Once approved, we will issue your Magali Pascal Account with your Store Credit. Use this to purchase your correct size or a new item.
BEFORE YOU RETURN Store Credit..
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
When the return has been delivered to our Returns Department, please allow up to 5 business days for our team to quality check and approve the return garment.
A Store Credit: retailmanager@magalipascal.com
For a list of contacts for our flagship stores, click here.now the sellers will not refund my money... "Hello- I stated in my auction that I was not a retail or fendi seller,all sales were final and there were no refunds. This person is not a Fendi seller also. I called my local Fendi store and was told also by them they would not guarantee any bag but would show comparable bags to view. This person has purchased Fendi bags before but is not and can not guarantee any bag. I would be glad to give you back 10.00 for your inconvience but the bag is not returnable. If you feel this is not suitable to you I would be glad to take the negative feedback and also leave the same. I stated in my auction to ask any questions and I would have told you the same thing. I did not know much about the bag." I know there are rules on eBay for selling fake bags... what steps do I have to take to get my money refunded? please help!!! thank youBeer cans have become premium visual currency, the markers of good taste. Scroll through a beer-focused Instagram feed, and you’ll likely spot Other Half IPAs outfitted in bold, geometric cans; the acid-tripped sci-fi and fantasia of Pipeworks cans like Lizard King pale ale; or Modern Times’ gorgeous typographic treatments twinned to a vibrant color scheme. […]
via How great designs made craft beer bottles and cans into works of art? — A Better Man
Advertisements
September 29, 2017 at 11:14 am
Thanks for the repost!Dress-Vive9-Anja (Topaz) {Collab88}
Handbag-Fleshstone– The Daenerys (Blk)
Paper Couture– Parted Hair Base
Hair- Lelutka-Brigette (Just wearing the hair attachment)
Make-Up
Eye Shadow-Handmade– Lara Make Up (Black)
Handmade-Mousse Blush (Devil)
Lipstick- Handmade– Lola Lipstick (Rose)
Accessories
Earrings-7891-Show Earrings
Lagyo- Cherub ring {Collab88}
Love’s like a runway but which one do I love more
No emotional baggage, just big bags filled with Dior
Love’s like a runway, so what’s all the fussing for
Let’s stop chasing those boys and shop some more
AdvertisementsLa Mota Northeast Portland Reviews
“la mota, is one of the best dispensary's I've been too, they have some of the best flower and concentrates, that I've found, for a quality price. I practically live at the 99th and 52nd locations, I'm constantly going from one store to another, and honestly I've never had a bad experience at either locations, considering I'm portably there #1 costumer lol! the only thing I don't like about the 99th store is that there is different strains of flower then at the other locations, but I guess that has to do with the size of the stores and the patients to product ratio amount. But other then that, its a great dispensary. Maybe you where just having an off day, cause it sounds like somebody's just sour...lol and Robert is one of the coolest cats, I've ever met, he always knows what he's talking about, maybe he even talks a little to much lol. Also I think when he said "don't look at the paper with strain names and THC content" its because he knows and handles the bud everyday, witch means he knows the changes that the flower undergoes throughout its shelf life.in my opinion, he knows the bud better then the random sheet of paper, the sheet just says what's the highest in THC, and what sells the most, if you have any marijuana knowledge, what so ever.. you can concur, with what Im saying.The sheet isn't always a correct and trust worthy, source.. hence" the bud tender" was created lol. having only one bud tender isn't a bad thing. I don't want some random person who just picks up the next shift to help me out. no!!F*#*'n way!! I want the person who's there all the time and actually has knowledge of flower to help me out! I love this place! great customer service! Wouldn't go anywhere else!”
“Very helpful employee”
“Love the location and thank you Robert for all your help and friendliness”
“Robert welcomed us in last night and gave my care provider and I a wonderful experience! They have a great selection of Bud and Concentrates. Robert also has some of the best descriptions for the bud - all food related. I took home some Garbage Pail Kids (which I woke up this morning to find the bowl only half-smoked :) ). As well as Lemon Skunk, LA Confidential, Mango, Cherry Skunk and a Diablo Concentrate. Im sure all the rest will be just as wonderful as the Garbage Pail Kids. Thanks for a great visit Robert!”
“Hard to get to, you have to drive through a neighborhood into a cul-de-sac. Very clinical setting. I asked for tongs twice to look at the buds. he sheepishly handed them over and said "we don't really like people playing with them." Being the nice guy I am, I did the guy a solid by immediately handing them back and promptly exiting the premises so as not to disturb the buds. I can only hope they remain in pristine condition in their jars, free from molestation in the grimy hands of the customers.”
“had some tranquil elephant oil today and it taste better than the sugar crystals that I paid 60 dollars a gram for elsewheredefinitely a great place to shop the best selection for $20 grams of oil in the city”
“Great bud tenders that are a good resource for information. Nice selection of shatter that I'm anxious to try out.”
“One of my favorites for specials. Fun people and place!”
“Big selection of outdoor flower of low quality, small selection of the usual vape pens and edibles. Lots of concentrates but the shatter I tried had waxed over. You get what you pay for with this place.”
“Great spot, very nice flowers, seems to be pretty reasonably priced. Kinda feels like a mac store. Budtender was patient and knowledgable. Rad! will be back”I have been drinking champagne for years (… I hope that doesn’t come across I am a raging champagne-aholic !) … and, I recently decided it was time to become adventurous in my libations. So, in a moment of connecting dots in my kitchen while looking at the ingredients I have to make a new drink, something came to mind: Is there a way I can have a little bubbly and add some fruit at the same time? Apparently so! With 5 simple ingredients, I was able to turn a simple champagne into the sweetest fizzle that had me wanting seconds … or let’s be honest, on a Thursday I wanted thirds 🙂
RECIPE INGREDIENTS
INGREDIENTS:
- 1 Cup of Blackberries
- 1 Cup of Brown Raw Sugar
- 1 Cup of Water
- 1 Bottle of Champagne
GARNISH INGREDIENTS (OPTIONAL):
- 4-8 Thyme Sprigs
- Blackberries
CUISINE EQUIPMENT:
- Saucepan
- Champagne Flute(s)
- Measuring Cup
- Small Sauce Pouring Dish
RECIPE FACTS:
- Servings: 4 Persons
- Preparation Time: 2 Minutes (for preparing the drink)
- Cooking Time: 15 Minutes (to make the blackberry syrup)
- Serving Tips: Chilling your champagne flutes in the freezer prior to serving (for around an hour, or more) is our preferred way of enjoying this spirit chilled. If you can’t wait for an hour, our second suggestion is with a few ice cubes in each flute.
RECIPE DIRECTIONS
Preparing the Blackberry Syrup: The first objective in preparing this refreshing libation is to make the blackberry syrup.
- Place the saucepan onto the stove and put the heat at high-medium temperature.
- Combine the water, brown raw sugar, and blackberries into the saucepan.
- Once the ingredients are in the saucepan let it reach a light boil. Once it has started to lightly boil lower the temperature of the stove to low-simmer temperature.
- Let the sauce simmer for 10-15 minutes. You’ll notice the sauce begin to take the color of the blackberries, although it will be a lighter, pinkish color.
Preparing the Blackberry Champagne Delight : With now your syrup ready, you are now ready to make your drinks!
- Gather your champagne flutes and pop that cork off of the champagne bottle!
- Put 1-2 tablespoons of the blackberry sauce in each champagne flute.
- Pour your champagne into each champagne flute.
- Add 1-2 thyme sprigs into each champagne flute.
- Voila! You are ready to enjoy J
Nobody can stop this shark! Because this shark has a powerful gun and he is so angry! Now is time for fighting against submarines and eating some fish! Beware of underwater mines, torpedos that is launched from enemy submarines and explosive barrels. Try to collect all stars and power-ups that give you more health point, guns and bombs. You can eat all fishes as well. This game is all about surviving. So go forward as long as you can.
Move your mouse and control gun shark, collect items and eat fishes. Power-ups will make you stronger for betterDB
Cannon Fencing & Landscapes4 Feedback reviews, user_sbr on 6th Dec,, 2017
Dickie's Services16
multiskilledbuilders3 Feedback reviews, 100% positive
We are a team of plumbers, fitters, tilers and fencers based in the Honiton area. When we say no too small we mean it. Thanks
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By johnaw_72 on 12th Dec, 2017
TOCH Maintenance34 Feedback reviews, 100% positive
Reliable, trustworthy and polite. No job too small. Experienced renovator of internal and external jobs. Painting, decorating, minor plumbing, flooring, tiling, general maintenance, repairs, flat pack assembly, hanging pictures/ curtain poles, gardening etc. Free estimates...
Latest Handyman feedback review:
By veecee_91 on 13th Jan, 2018
Simon Palmer Decorating ServicesNo feedback
I have been painting and decorating for 28 years looking to expand the business . We do interior and exterior painting14, Honiton.
- data-lazyimg
2. Hire a tradesman
Having met our recommended fencers in EX14, Honiton45 years on from Pink Floyd’s fabled concert film, David Gilmour returned to the Amphitheatre of Pompeii for the first of two historic gigs last night (7th July).
Before the concert kicked off, yesterday afternoon David was made an honorary citizen of Pompeii by Mayor Ferdinando Uliano in honour of his connection to the ancient city.
Later, after fans queued for hours to secure the best vantage point, David took to the stage at around 8pm and kicked off his performance with traditional set opener ‘5.AM’.
With his lavish stage production perfectly complimenting the stunning 2100-year-old setting with Mount Vesuvius looming in the background, David played a perfect 23-song that consisted of 14 Pink Floyd tracks and 9 solo efforts.
After recently getting its first performance in two decades in Poland, 'Meddle' opener ‘One of These Days’ featured in the setlist once again together with the first outing of ‘The Great Gig in the Sky’ in more than 10 years.
He will play a second sold-out show at the amphitheatre tonight.
Speaking ahead of the show yesterday, David told reporters: "Tonight will be the first time since 79 A.D. that there's been an audience watching something here! And there were gladiators, I guess, but the history of it all is something that has crossed our minds."
Asked what it was like returning to Pompeii by Rolling Stone, David responded: .”
David’s setlist in Pompeii was as follows:
Comfortably Numb
Add a commentRIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL, September 5 /CNW/ - MMX Mineracao e Metalicos S.A. ("MMX" or "Company")(Pink Sheets: MMXMY)(Bovespa: MMXM3)(TSX: XMM), pursuant to Article 157 of Law 6404/76 and CVM Instruction 358/02, hereby announces to the market that it has filed with the CVM - Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission a request for a primary public offering of common, non-par, book entry shares issued by the Company, to be held simultaneously (i) in Brazil, with placement efforts abroad; and (ii) abroad, through the offering of Global Depositary Shares ("Offering"). The said primary public offering is subject to the CVM's approval. The implementation of the Offering is also subject to favorable capital market conditions. Should the implementation of the Offering be confirmed, a notice to the market will be published at the appropriate time, containing further information about the Offering, pursuant to article 53 of CVM Instruction 400/03. Rio de Janeiro, September 05, 2007. Luiz Rodolfo Landim Machado Executive President and Investor Relations Officer MMX MineracAnalysis of the grapes of wrath essays: in the grapes of wrath the author john steinbeck describes the life of a migrant family who must leave their land in. The changing family revealed in grapes of wrath the emphasis on family in america is decreasing divorce rates, single-parent households, and children born out of. Read this music and movies essay and over 88,000 other research documents grapes of wrath the grapes of wrath, chronicles the joad’s family exodus from oklahoma. Book reports essays: grapes of wrath search browse essays john steinbeck's grapes of wrath and arthur miller's the crucible are the joad family has few. Grapes of wrath by john steinbeck portrays the overall theme of the importance of family is the novel is set in the 1930s during the era of the great depression and.
The grapes of wrath essay the joad’s family trek from sallisaw, oklahoma to california was one full of suffering and devastation ,yet was full of hope. The grapes of wrath and the modern sustainability conversation tells the story of a single family’s troubles and in his essay “john steinbeck. The story of the joad family in john steinbeck’s the grapes of wrath is fictional but the circumstances that shape their story are based on real-life happe. This free synopsis covers all the crucial plot points of the grapes of wrath sparknotes study questions & essay the remaining family members move from one.
In the grapes of wrath the story of the joad family embodies that definition very well because during their journey grapes of wrath essay. The grapes of wrath essay summary of wrath capturing the family, find detailed paper or essay previews and what are toxic to read discover great resource to life. The indefatigable spirit of unity emerges as the one unfailing source of strength in john steinbeck¹s migrant worker classic the grapes of wrath as the joad. Essays related to grapes of wrath 1 grapes of wrath not only was grapes of wrath the grapes of wrath shows the troubles an average family from the. In his famous book the grapes of wrath (1939) for which he won the nobel peace prize for literature, john steinbeck stated, if you're in trouble, or hurt or need.
Classism in the grapes of wrath movie essay example the grapes of wrath, exhibits the joad's, a family who undergoes the collapse of the agrarian. The grapes of wrath is most memorable as the story of the joad family’s trek across depression-era america the long narrative chapters that trace their journey. Free grapes of wrath family papers, essays, and research papers.
Essays and criticism on john steinbeck's the grapes of wrath - the grapes of wrath, john steinbeck. Grapes of wrath essay essays: over 180,000 grapes of wrath essay essays, grapes of wrath essay term papers, grapes of wrath essay research paper, book reports 184. Academiaedu is a platform for academics to share research papers critical analysis of “the grapes of wrath of wrath is not about the [joad] family's. Sjsu home steinbeck in the schools student resources the grapes of wrath the grapes of wrath - essay keep the family grapes of wrath.
In 1939, john steinbeck wrote the grapes of wrath, an epic novel that follows the joad family through their dispossessed plight from oklahoma to. The grapes of wrath by john steinbeck introduces a family rooted in the leadership of men the journey of hardship they endure, however, disintegrates this. 0235- period 4 12 september 2013 the theme of family in the grapes of wrath grapes of wrath by john steinbeck portrays the overall theme of the importance. Page 2 grapes of wrath essay in steinbeck begins his “grapes of wrath” metaphor by describing the grapes as “growing heavy theme of family in grapes of. Grapes of wrath this essay grapes of wrath and other 63,000+ term papers and ma and pa joad have decided to move their family their.Olga Rose Householder, 95, of Beaver Falls, died Wednesday, December 26, 2012, at Providence Health Care Center.
She was born January 7, 1917, in Beaver Falls, the daughter of the late Louis and Frances Smonick Hays. Olga was a member of Concord United Methodist Church.
In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Walter Householder; five brothers, Andrew, Charles, John, Edward and Louis Hays; one sister, Ann Armel; a son-in-law, Frank LaNeve, and a great-grandson, Johnnie Mitchell.
She is survived by four daughters and three sons-in-law, Shirley LaNeve, Beaver Falls; Roberta and Robert Davis, Mercer, PA; Sandra and Martin Sis, Lexington, SC, and Karen and Joseph Grisola, Beaver Falls; a son and daughter-in-law, Walter A. and Barbara Householder, Cave Creek, AZ; twelve grandchildren, Frank J LaNeve, Mary Mitchell, Michael LaNeve, Brian LaNeve, Cynthia Davis, R. Jeffrey Davis, Jennifer Callahan, Martin W. Sis, Eric Sis, Cara McPherson, Gina Minick, and Sean Householder; fifteen great-grandchildren and number sixteen due in January; four great-great-grandchildren, also many nieces and nephews.
Friends will be received today from 2 to 4 and 6 to 8 p.m. in the LUTTON CHIPPEWA FUNERAL HOME, 117 Blackhawk Road, home.com, where a service will be held Saturday at 11:30 a.m. Rev. Thomas Kennedy will officiate.
Private interment will follow in Concord Church Cemetery.
The family requests contributions be made to the Concord United Methodist Church, 285 Concord Church Road, Beaver Falls, PA 15010.
The family would like to thank the Providence Care Center for the care they provided to Olga.He who wishes to grow rich in a day will be hanged in a year.
LEONARDO DA VINCI, Thoughts on Art and Life
Dear Tadi,
What do you wish for most in life? When was the last time you sat down with nothing but the wind and grass to keep you company, and wondered about your heart’s deepest desire? Most of all, would your life be better if your wish came true?
Something terrible has happened. Yes, again. But this time, it is almost too horrible to write about. I’ve already told you some of the bizarre things that have happened since we moved to the town of Asteria – things that belong in story books, read aloud to make children wide-eyed with fright. Well, I am sorry to say that what happened last month tops them all.
First, the happy part. My roommate, Keith, found a girlfriend. No, she was not a witch. Nor was she a ghost, or a genie, or a fairy, or a zombie roaming around the graveyard. Lila was a kind, sweet, and normal human girl. Well, mostly normal. She had a thing about dressing up in clothes that seemed to belong in the Victorian era. And according to Keith, she also had an enormous collection of porcelain dolls. But other than that, she seemed cool. And Keith was crazy about her. It was nice to see him so happy instead of freaked out for a change.
Well, that didn’t last long.
Remember how D.J.’s ex-girlfriend, Catherine, cursed him with a magic hex after their break-up? Ever since that night, D.J. had been very quiet. You have to understand – D.J. is never quiet. Unless he is absorbed in a really good book, D.J. is constantly talking, or belting out rock songs at the top of his lungs, or clomping down the stairs as he’s dashing out the door. The change was so creepy, that I wondered if that was the hex.
“No,” D.J. said in a subdued voice when I asked him. “When Catherine hexed me, she was very specific. She told me that the curse would give me the thing I desired most in life, and that it would destroy me. How can that be?” He looked up at me, his sleepless eyes marred by tiny red blood vessels. “The thing I desire most? Happiness? Love?”
“A new corvette?” I said, laughing. But D.J. was not in a joking mood.
To cheer him up, I suggested a trip to the antique store. D.J. is really into antiques. It’s strange, I know, since antique shops tend to conjure up images of gray-haired old ladies squealing over chipped washbasins and marble-topped side tables. Whatever. D.J. contented himself with rifling through junk while I browsed around and Keith made gaga eyes with his girlfriend. I steered clear – in part to give the two of them some privacy, and in part because seeing them together made me think of how much I wished could be making gaga eyes at Caroline.
I didn’t see the change that came over D.J. Not until I returned to the soft red armchair where I’d been sitting a few minutes before and saw that it was no longer red nor soft. It was a cold, hard chair made of shiny gold.
You read that right. Gold. As in the precious metal.
“How on earth—” I started, turning toward D.J. Just then, I noticed the way he was looking at a fancy-looking hutch made of dark wood. His eyes shone with an odd light. “Um, D.J.?” I said. D.J. lifted his finger and pointed. Before my eyes, the dark wood of the hutch transformed into gold.
“D.J., what’s going on?” I waved my hand in front of his face, but he barely blinked. Had the genie finally taught him how to do alchemy? I had always pictured him starting a lot smaller, say, turning pennies to gold coins or something. Not huge pieces of furniture.
“Maybe it’s the hex,” said Keith, who had also noticed the gold furniture and D.J.’s trance-like state. Of course! I had forgotten all about the hex, and Catherine’s words to D.J. She would give him the thing he wanted most, and it would destroy him. What did D.J. want most?
Money.
“D.J., you have to stop!” I placed my hands on his shoulders and gave him a shake. “No more gold, do you hear me? Stop!”
It was as though he’d gone deaf. D.J. broke away from my grasp. Unfortunately, Keith’s girlfriend was standing in his path. “Are you okay?” she asked D.J., her voice filled with concern. D.J. responded by lifting his finger and pointing it toward her.
“NO!” Keith and I both cried out. But there was nothing we could do. One moment, Lila was all peaches-and-cream human girl. The next moment, she was a solid gold statue.
A cold chill ran down my spine. I gaped at D.J., who stood blinking in confusion. “Oh my God,” I said to him. “D.J., what have you done?”
Tadi, I want to tell you more, but it is very late at night, and my fingers are cramped from writing so much. I will send you this, then write you another letter very soon, to tell you what happened next. Please keep D.J. and – well, all of us in your prayers. We sure can use it right now.
Your horrified friend,
Leon
Oh my goodness… This is actually sad. I remember reading a greek myth that is like this. This guy wanted to be rich so badly, did something bad, got cursed so when he touched something it would become gold… Hopefully the hex wears off, even though D.J is a bad-tempered Sim, I don’t want him to be silent and lose all his personality!
*Weeps silently*
And poor Keith! His first girlfriend gets turned into gold after only hanging out with her a bit… I really like how you added the quote from Leonardo. Oh my gosh, I just realised. Leon, Leonardo, Leon, Leonardo! Cool! I don’t know if that was intentional, but it’s still awesome how you did that 🙂
I wish I was as good of a writer as you, hopefully I will be someday! And I have a big feeling Leon and Tadi are going to meet since they are staying in the same town, and it seems pretty small… I wonder how it’s going to turn out, or if it’s going to even happen.
Oh wow, I hadn’t even thought about the Leon Leonardo similarity until you mentioned it! Haha, makes the quote even better. 🙂
Honestly, I feel awful for D.J. He really isn’t a bad guy, and he’s been working so hard to keep his temper in check. But Catherine took his rejection pretty hard. Oh well, I guess it could be worse. At least she didn’t turn him into a frog. I think he’s had quite enough of eating bugs!History.
Read more about this topic: Cryptography
Other articles related to "history of cryptography and cryptanalysis, cryptanalysis, cryptography, and cryptanalysis":
... Cryptanalysis of the new mechanical devices proved to be both difficult and laborious ... digital computers and electronics helped in cryptanalysis, it made possible much more complex ciphers ... Computer use has thus supplanted linguistic cryptography, both for cipher design and cryptanalysis ...
Famous quotes containing the words history of and/or history:
“The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of arts audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public.”
—Henry Geldzahler (1935)Flying into a rage
Can flies honestly be as thick as they make out? The excitement of the warm weather’s arrival has been mitigated if not crapped on by the return of the bluebottles. Actually, I don’t know if they are bluebottles. Some of them seem to be a bit rust coloured, some are a bit flecky, and some are just, I dunno, black. But all of them can buzz loudly enough to be heard through a closed door.
I don’t know why we should be so plagued with the buggers. The theory I cling to is that the house is on a hill and thus fairly breezy of situation, so the flies come in for a bit of a rest. But like a cat, the minute they’re in, the minute they want to go out again. I don’t want to to spray them with stuff, partly because I’m sure it can’t improve the air quality or the contents of the fruit bowl, and partly because it turns windowsills into insect Valhalla. I don’t want to swat them because they burst and stuff comes out and then I have to be sick. But on the other hand, can I be arsed to run around the house steering the terminally cretinous noizyboyz towards the OPEN window? Suddenly I’m shouting at them. It’s OPEN. You can feel the breeze. Jesus, even I can feel the breeze. Buzz, crash, buzz, crash, their revolting exoskeleton makes them morons in crash helmets.
I thought they were supposed to have five squillion Bohemian Rhapsody eyes. Then why are they so BLIND? Christ. And it’s only April. I need to get out and meet people.
Filed under: Uncategorized | Leave a Comment
No Responses Yet to “Flying into a rage”Date: Tue, 7 Jul 1998 03:56:48 -0400 From: Marlene Mallicoat <MarleneM@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx> Subject: Good ZZ session with Tomoko Sender: Marlene Mallicoat <MarleneM@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx> To: Ted Nelson <ted@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx> Hi, Dearie -- Well, Tomoko and I just spent two hours playing with zIgzag and, boy, did we have fun! Lots of surprises and laughs and amazement. But mostly admiration and awe -- we're like WOW! Gotta run, another assistant is arriving any moment. L,MJ.07: The past tense of "squid" is "squd" (pronounced "skwud"). As in, "You think you're eating onion rings, but after awhile you realize you've been squd." Happens a lot in Japan. -- TN98Freddie – Live Aid Posted by Kacio on 26/12/2017 Posted in: Photos. Tagged: 1985, 80's, Concert, Freddie Mercury, gig, Live Aid, Middle 80's, Photo, Queen. 2 Comments Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookEmailLike this:Like Loading... Related Posts navigation ← 26 years without Freddie Mercury Roger Taylor and Crystal Taylor, 1981 →
Thanks for uploading a picture of Freddie Mercury from Live Aid in monochrome Kacio. I like it.
Thanks 😉Celebrity Diary with Sinead Kennedy: I bet girls are jealous I get to work with Marty Whelan
It's been a busy few weeks for me now Winning Streak is back on the air.
It's great to be back - it's really nice getting to meet different people every week.
People from all around the country come on the show and it's really nice hearing what story they have to tell and see them win loads of money.
Presenting the show also means I get to work with Marty Whelan which is always a huge plus - I'm sure there are a lot of women that are very jealous of me getting to see him every weekend.
Unfortunately, because he's on radio during the week, it's generally only Friday and Saturday that we meet but he's great fun and I'm lucky to have a co-presenter like him.
I love fashion and choosing my wardrobe for the show is definitely another perk of the job.
I pick out my outfits with Tony in the wardrobe department in RTE and he knows my sense of style very well so I trust his choices.
I'm a bit of a rock chick at heart and would love to wear leather trousers on the show every week, but that doesn't really suit Winning Streak so we stick so elegant dresses and skirts or sharp trouser suits instead.
I'm a tattoo addict so I loved making a show about them
I've also been busy working on my documentary on tattoos this week.
I'm a bit of a tattoo addict - I have four - so I absolutely loved filming it.
Working on a documentary is a big change for me because I'm so used to live television and it's so different making something over a long period of time.
I'm working side-by-side with my producer Alan and we've made the whole thing together.
At the moment we're editing it, we sat down together and reviewed the whole thing so now it's time for Alan to work his creative magic on it.
There's still a small bit of filming to do as well but fingers crossed it will all be ready soon - at the moment it's due for broadcast in September but there's no official date yet.
The only downside with the show is it made me realise that I'd love even more tattoos.
If it was up to me, I'd have lots more but because I work on TV I can't really do that. Plus, my husband Conor (pictured right) isn't a fan - he keeps asking me not to get any more.
I'm loving being based in Dublin
I've recently moved back to Dublin full time and I'm delighted.
Last year I was working between RTE's offices in Cork and Donnybrook because I wanted to spend some time at home in Cork in preparation for my wedding, which was in October.
Now I'm back in the capital and I'm really enjoying getting the chance to go to events.
I don't go to many things, but I'm a big fan of the cinema and last night I went to the premiere of Magic Mike XXL. It was nice way to spend an evening and to switch off from work.
With Winning Streak and my documentary, this summer is going to be a busy one so Conor and I probably won't get to go on holidays.
We travelled around Central America on our honeymoon in January, which I took two months off for.
It would be great to go somewhere mad, but at the moment it looks like a few days in west Cork or Kerry will have to do.Create your FlavorProfile!
Find just-for-you recipes, save favorites and more when you customize your FlavorProfile.
prep time
cook time
Calories
Ingredients
Servings
Place chicken on foil-lined baking pan. Brush with oil. Sprinkle with garlic powder and cumin. Bake in preheated 350°F oven 10 to 15 minutes or until cooked through. Cool chicken slightly then shred.
Place stock, lime juice, bay leaves and red pepper in large saucepan. Bring to boil on medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 10 minutes. Remove bay leaves. Add avocados, green onions and shredded chicken; simmer 5 minutes or until heated through. Serve with chopped fresh cilantro.If you're having trouble viewing this message, view open it in a browser window.
To unsubscribe click here.
Sources Hotlink September 25, 2014
Welcome to this week's issue of Sources
Hotlink. This week we are looking into the increasing government
control of the Internet and other media in countries such as Turkey and
Malaysia as well as the violence faced by journalists globally. We also
present articles regarding the journalistic coverage of the Ray Rice
abuse scandal and the importance of women in top editing jobs. For more
resources, articles, and expert opinions on these topics and many more, subscribe to Sources.
Cancer affects the lives of millions globally and it can be challenging to find authoritative sources regarding this deadly disease. Sources makes your search easier by connecting you with experts and resources related to cancer. Sources also provides information on thousands of other topics, so for experts and stories visit Sources.com. Read more
The
family of jailed Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy is seeking his
temporary release from an Egyptian jail for medical treatment, amid new
signs that the country’s President will not step in to resolve the case.
Mr. Fahmy, Cairo bureau chief for Al Jazeera English, is
suffering from hepatitis C and an injured shoulder, his brother says.
“[Mohamed] is not well, but he’s trying to stay strong,” Adel
Fahmy said in an interview on Sunday, describing his brother’s condition
as “life threatening.” Read more. Read more
Poynter’s resident writing coach, Roy Peter Clark, argues that such violent videos need to be made public because they create “the public outrage and outcry that pierces the shield of even such impenetrable institutions of the NFL.”
His reasoning points to a growing chasm of compassion, dignity and
empathy in U.S. media that has grown from fault lines of race, class and
gender.
What Clark implies is that it’s OK to use a person’s private
experience — in this case, one that Janay Rice did not consent to or
have knowledge of — if it serves a greater good. I take issue with his
failure to mention how media routinely ignore the voices of women of
color, especially those who are victims of intimate partner violence —
until it happens that one of those women is a public figure. Read more
ASNE: Two-thirds of U.S. newspapers employ women in top editing jobs.) Read more,
General Manager, Programs, at Read more
Susan Loone is facing up to three years in jail over an interview with the leader of an allegedly illegal organization
Delegation Visits Gaza to Provide Solidarity and Support to JournalistsKing Kuta wrote: > I bet the base question is: Will my object be garbage-collected? In the code example you showed, no. > I mean once I delete it it is no more referenced, right? Not necessarily. In Python, the "del" statement (when applied to an atomic variable name rather than an indexed name) merely eliminates that name as a reference to the object. But in Python, objects are garbaged collected at some unspecified point after the last reference to them is lost. So because your object already has a reference to it elsewhere, it is not going to be garbage collected. > I can still manipulate it till it exist, because I have a pointer to > its > instance, but when (and most of all if) python checks for bindings it > will > find the object is not any more referenced to by any name. Python is "safe" in this respect; the object won't be destroyed until the last reference to it goes away. Thus it's valid to use it if you still have a reference to it; once there are no more references to it in the interpreter, the object will be collected, but by definition you won't have any references to it at that point anyway so no harm can be done. -- Erik Max Francis && max at alcyone.com && __ San Jose, CA, USA && 37 20 N 121 53 W && &tSftDotIotE / \ My reputation grows with every failure. \__/ George Bernard ShawAirbnb
New York 2018 (with Photos): Top 20 Holiday Lettings New York, Holiday Rentals & Holiday Apartments - Airbnb New York, New York, United States
Jan 16, 2018 - Rent from people in New York, NY from €16/night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb.
See this content immediately after install
Get The AppAn old saying is, “Life is hard and then you die.” For most of us that is the truth. Life is not only hard but also uncertain as none of us knows what tomorrow might bring our way. One day everything is peachy and the next an accident or illness can send us into a tail spin. All is going the way we want and then we loose our job when the stock market crashes and in short order we are the ones in the welfare line.
What happens next depends on the strength of our spirit and will to not only survive but to rise to the challenge before us. One person makes a come back and another slides in to depression. What makes the difference? Just as life is full of disappointments it is also full of opportunities. In the worst conditions there is always a way through to joy.
Your faith is the starting point for your success. The strength of your personal spirit is important and should be nourished in the best of times so that it will take you through the worst of times. Your uncertainty also works the other way for you can be in the dumps and turn the corner and find a new opportunity in your path that changes everything. Your strong faith keeps you looking around that next corner. Hang in there and keep your faith strong at all times.Another, irrational personal, product and economic controls, insane policy decisions like stopping drilling for oil, forcing controls over naturally occurring gaseous emissions (like CO2), etc (the list is endless), Government is the problem.
If the US is to regain any kind of growing, prosperous economy the Government’s unilaterally assumed (and not Constitutionally provided) powers and regulations should be scaled back by 50% to 75% – at a minimum. Government must be scaled back to its enumerated powers as define in Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution or it will destroy our country.For those of you read that read often, you've read about my good friend Ali, who is getting married in less than 2 weeks. I am so excited for her and her wonderful fiance. They really are perfect for each other.
A friend of ours from high school hosted a shower for her this past weekend. To mix things up from a typical bridal shower, it was honeymoon themed. Guests were encouraged to bring gifts that Ali could use and take with her on her honeymoon such as books, beach towels, flip flops, etc.
I decided to make her a basket filled with things like books, a bottle of wine, lotion, etc. But, in typical fashion, I was running late and didn't get a chance to take a pic of it before I left the house.
The shower was a blast and our friend's house was so cute. She has a five month old who is absolutely adorable and I loved getting to look at the pictures of him throughout the house. I think it's safe to say everyone was disappointed that his daddy had taken him for the day. We wanted to see that little nugget!
We played several different games, all of which I'd never played before. I was thrilled not to have to play the same shower games again. Ali's twin sister Sarah, who also happens to be one of my best friends was my team mate for the games. In one game we had to create a unique bikini for Ali's honeymoon. Here is what we came up with:
The toilet paper tucked in the back is for those occasions when the local island cuisine might not settle too well with her stomach.
The other creations-sadly, ours didn't win:( It had something to do with it not being something she'd actually wear, yada yada...Who couldn't use spare toilet paper?!?
Sarah and I
Opening presents
Congrats Ali! Love you and can't wait for the wedding!!!
Be First to Post Comment !No products
SS17F01WDRLPELDORADO
LES PETITES
Little reddress for the perfect summer evening
Oups SIZE sold out !
Availability date:
ELDORADO feels glamorous to wear but in a effortless way? Cut out from soft viscose crepe and intricately embellised with sequins and beads .Back with a keyhole opening this halter dress is a summer must.
Re:disappointed :(
Hey Vani
It will be back in stock soon. Thank you for your patience
Team Parisian Boudoir
disappointed :(
Hi Team
Is it coming in stock anytime soon?
ThanksReading mode: Light Dark
Forum indexNikon SLR Lens TalkChange forum
Tamron rebate
Started Nov 2, 2008 | Discussions thread>
by JayC » Sun Mar 27, 2011 2:27 pm
by mthasty » Thu Apr 14, 2011 11:22 pm
by kkassim » Thu May 12, 2011 4:10 pm
by Shep86 » Thu May 19, 2011 1:50 pm
by tjseveryday » Wed Aug 31, 2011 9:15 am
by akelelias » Thu Oct 27, 2011 7:11 pm
by teufdog79 » Fri Oct 28, 2011 1:04 pm
by lastrebel » Wed Nov 23, 2011 11:30 pm
by Nobby » Thu Nov 24, 2011 10:54 am
by ely-medic » Fri Nov 25, 2011 9:07 pm
Return to Pistols
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestMore than 4,200 people gathered at Washington’s Union Station on Sunday night to celebrate President Barack Obama’s arrival to Washington at the 2009 Latino Inaugural Gala.
Latin superstars including Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Edward James Olmos, “Ugly Betty” TV father Tony Plana, “American Idol” runner-up David Archuleta and “70’s Show” star Wilmer Valderrama were among the stars that walked the red carpet and fielded questions from national media about the Inauguration and what it meant for Latinos to have elected President Obama to office.
Rosario Dawson, co-founder of Voto Latino, stressed the importance of getting Latinos involved in the political process, “We’re still very much trying to get people registered,” she said. “Because, even though I know y’all just voted, there’s still so much to do. There are 50,000 Latinos turning 18 every month, so we need to get them registered and ready to go, so we don’t need to scramble at the next election.”
Many Latino political leaders also joined the event including Rep. Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.). Ken Salazar and Hilda Solis, Latinos who will be joining Obama’s cabinet as Interior and Labor secretaries.
Other attendees included actresses Rosie Perez, New York Gov. David Paterson (D), Fox News anchor Geraldo Rivera, CNN’s Soledad O’Brien and Univision news anchor Maria Elena Salinas.
Master of Ceremonies George Lopez began the night with some comedy, which was later followed by musical acts including War, Mariachi Los Camperos, Paulina Rubio, Alejandro Sanz, and Marc Anthony.I arrived a week ago today. It takes about this long to mentally ‘settle’ in. To take in ones surroundings, the new environment, the new people and new daily habits. My mind has begun to let go of what was and be in what is – my reality of exploring, observing, making and interacting with this place. It feels unbelievably good to be surrounded by nature, to be a part of nature. The heavy rain pounding on my cabin roof the other night lulled me into a blissful sleep in part because it’s been over two years since I’ve had a direct roof over my head to enjoy such a sound. This place has reminded me of my deep need to be immersed in nature to feel whole, to be connected to not only to myself but the world around me in an honest way.
The last few days have been mostly damp. I’ve still been out exploring, mostly collecting and finding spots to return when the sun reappears for an extended time (tomorrow!). I drove about 20 minutes into Sisters, the closest town and stocked up on provisions – groceries, a pair of fleece pants from the thrift store, scraps of muslin, sandpaper and a nice bottle of Oregon pinot noir. Sisters is decidedly trying to be like the old ‘wild west’. The facades of each building are structured from that time era and even the fonts of store names follow suit. It is a sweet square mile downtown and the bustle for a Monday morning was surprising, even at a bakery that primarily sells gluten-free pastries and six tantalizing types of yerba mate.
Driving back the sunny weather and blue skies turned quickly into an engulfing snow storm! The artists from warmer climates are very excited to see snow- so there has been a stir of kid-like energy as it’s been intermittently falling the last couple days. I myself just can’t get over the shifts in weather. It will be overcast, downpouring and windy and the next minute the sun is shining through creating beautiful soft sunshowers cascading through the trees.
Yesterday Diana and I were determined to make it to the Pacific Crest Trail for a short hike. Within driving 10 minutes higher in elevation there was snow pack on the sides of the highway and even with snow treads on the wheels we got stuck in the unplowed road leading to our trailhead. Needless to say, I was ok with missing that hike, although it amazed me how quickly the climate changed… there isn’t one patch of snow around Caldera. When we returned the sun was shining and what felt like mini-hail began to fall for about five mi
nutes. Folowale, a dancer has become our resident ‘rainbow chaser’ and with weather like this he reports that he’s constantly on the hunt!
I’m making, I’m creating, I’m experimenting, I’m engaging in the creative process beyond just enjoying the beauty of the area which would be so
easy to do. The wood-borer trails, lines ‘drawn’ by beetles in trees are fascinating. These intricate, organic marks in the wood beg to be noticed, beg to be traced and captured in some way. They in itself are a writing of place. They remind me of little maps, recordings of an insects existence; or a secret language, symbols of a dialect I cannot understand but want to decipher. I have spent countless hours searching and finding these intricate abstract patterns, collecting large shards of bark from the forest, sitting by the fire patiently as they dry so I can try to translate these marks into a visual language to share with others. I have documented the various patterns through sketches and photographs like a scientist trying to understand ancient tribal markings. I have researched their implications and discovered these enigmatic lines have deadly results. In multitude they can kill a tree, many trees and have destroyed forests. At least 80% of the trees on the ground here have evidence of these beetles. It feels like an anomaly yet is so natural, the cycles of life and death, how one thing destroys another to live. How can I be so taken with an insect that literally fells forests? Yet like the forest fire it is natural and something humans can’t seem to quite understand or accept is this natural destruction.
I discovered a way to record these markings. I outlined them with charcoal from the burnt forest and took photographs with average results. Then I tried rubbings, but the paper needed to be thin, not something I brought with me. Yet in the process of doing the rubbings on-site I noticed something by accident – the lines I had traced were being transferred on the back side of the paper. From years of doing graphite transfers, I immediately became excited at my discovery and tried it out on a good piece of paper. I was surprisingly impressed by the results.
Notes from my sketchbook: “So I used charcoal to re-outline my previous markings of the insects trail. Then use my good paper, large graphite stick (wrapped in it’s sleeve) to press and rub on the back. I can see the imprint coming through… I flip the paper over and am immediately excited- stunned at the beauty of line and texture process captured… like a wood block print… yes. I then tried it again… and again with black paper and white conte. Gorgeous. I can repeat overlay, the process/possibilities seem endless. ‘I’m so stoked’ is not only for surfers.”
Yesterday I spent a large portion of my day experimenting with the wood pieces I’ve collected- using repetition, collage, mixed media and re-learning my printmaking skills to develop these pieces. By the end of the evening my mind was in overstimulation with the limitations, the possibilities and the effect these strong black and white visuals have on me.
I can’t wait until the sun peaks out again to dry up these trees so I can once again source directly from the forest. Until then my studio is looking more and more like the forest floor!Words ending with ovular, the most common words first
4 words found.
There are 4 less common words:anovular
biovular
monovular
ovular
List all words ending with ovular: sorted by length, sorted alphabetically.
Some random words: augend keir dhak ocean auxeses stoa koel
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy and Cookies Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2017 Morewords.com - 51.897mSWrite some Software dash baord - 21/08/2016 04:22 EDT
Budget $30-250 USD
Vergeben an:
Hello, We are a small company with no of high quality professionals, please contact us for fast solution. regards
12 Freelancer bieten im Durchschnitt $240 für diesen Job
$250 is too low for the requirements specified. if you are okay with $350 I'll build a real time dash board.I really resonate with the insight that "we are all winging it". I was someone who, growing up, was heavily under the delusion that everyone else "gets it" and "has it going on" ; both my husband and I get a real kick out of reminiscing about what life seemed like to us when we were the age we would have been when our parents were at our current age, if that makes sense. Every time, we laugh about how naive we were, and how solidly we assumed that our parents knew everything (or nothing, depending on the age!). They sure fooled us, which we now have the wisdom to realize was a good thing!
You are here
Your 40s: What Do You Learn?
Turning 40 is a big birthday. The worst thing you can do is give your partner a surprise 40th birthday party! It heralds a new decade that “20 something’s” think of as “getting old”. I remember when I was growing up in the 60s we talked about “never trusting anyone over 30”. We were the original wise guys! My 40th birthday was great! I was about to move to this terrific new place, Seattle, and I was starting a new adventure in my life. I finally felt more secure in my profession. I was enjoying my children, who were a little older, and required less heavy lifting. It was a good moment in my life.
My fourth decade was exciting and challenging both at work and at home. My kids became teenagers (now that was a wild ride) and I was building this new department at The Everett Clinic. I was blessed with good health and a lot of energy. I was fortunate. Pamela Druckerman ponders her life’s lessons during this decade (What you learn in your 40s, New York Times, February 28, 2014). She notes that researchers view this epoch as the “rush hour of life”, where the heights of career and child rearing collide. Today’s “forty something’s” are two careers, two kid couples. It’s a busy time, probably too busy. Balancing career, family, marriage, and self-care is a tightrope walk! One false step and off you go, careening downwards! Below are some of Ms. Druckerman’s, 44 years old, bolded insights about this bell weather decade.
- There is less worry about what other people think of you.
Thank goodness for that. Life is too short to worry what other people think. It’s far more important to consider what you think about others and the world around you!
- Eight hours of continuous, un-medicated sleep is like being in heaven.
So who gets eight hours of uninterrupted sleep in their 40s? In fact, who gets 8 hours of continuous sleep in their 50s or 60s! Gone are the days of falling asleep before your head hits the pillow, sleeping through the night, and waking up only when the alarm chimes!
- There are no grown-ups.
Hmm. No one really has it together. We are all winging it at the same time, and no one really knows what they are doing. We are all “faking it until we make it”.
- Forgive your exes, even the awful ones. They were just winging it, too.
Easier said than done Ms. Druckerman, but a very good idea. Maybe our exes will forgive us too.
- Just say “no”.
I like this one. All too often, adults think they have to do something that they don’t want to do. Guess what, no one really cares that much! And if they do, that’s their problem.
- Don’t buy those too-small jeans, on the expectation that you will soon lose weight.
Don’t you just hate that! About 99% of Americans want to lose 5 lbs. In your 40’s, you’re too busy to get enough exercise and eat salads that you have to make!
- You are more like other people than you think.
The truth—we are far more alike than different. Sure each of us is unique. But a heck of a lot less than we would like to think!
- You are more like your mother or father than you think.
Now when I look in the mirror I see a guy that looks like my Dad. I notice that I am a lot more like my Mom than I ever thought. And, I do have some traits that seem to be just my own. But I realize that whomever I resemble, I’m me. So what have you learned or are you learning in your fourth decade?
I'm not to my 40s yet but I'm already starting to feel those types of things that my mom always told me I would. Realizing what's really important and understanding that most things aren't black and white.
I have realized I should have been less like my parents earlier and enjoyed myself more in my 20's and 30's. Now I am just trying to break out of the work and home only mode so I can actually have something I enjoy in life! My advice: Play! Play! Play!
I'm 47, and the comment, "there are no grown-ups," made me laugh. Nearly every day, I think to myself that the grown-up police are going to bust in and haul me off for impersonating an adult. I still feel like a kid, in terms of the uncertainty and lack of confidence, but also in my sense of humor and the way I enjoy things. I think sometimes we confuse being an "adult" with being sophisticated. Maybe sophistication is over-rated? I know it is when we use it as a tool to make ourselves feel not as good as we perceive someone else is.
Dr. Paul Schoenfeld
Clinical Psychologist,
The Everett Clinic
About Dr. Paul | About this blogOur flexible part load LCL seafreight services help clients reduce their inventory whilst optimising space usage in warehouses. LCL is an integral part of each transport chain. Our comprehensive global portfolio and market knowledge in contract logistic and industry expertise act as the main drivers to optimise stock levels while reducing transportation costs.
Aerospace
We present lean solutions for suppliers, producers and maintenance companies.
Find out more
Automotive
We provide innovative supply chain management services to customer challenges.
Find out more
FMCG
Our solutions are customer specific, individually designed and implemented to meet precise requirements. Find out more
High-Tech
Across both the professional and consumer markets we offer a high quality, bespoke service for all aspects of the high-tech industry. Find out more
Industrial Goods
We provide innovative supply chain management services to meet customer challenges in the industrial industry.
Find out more
Pharma & Healthcare
We carry out supply chain management services for primary distribution compliant with Good Distribution Practice (GDP). Find out moreFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (2)
Publication Year
1982
2000
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (0)
- Last 10 years (0)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Richard Curtain
- 1998
...it is pointless to try to predict the future...But it is possible -and fruitful to identify major events that have already happened, irrevocably, and that will have predictable effects in the next decade or two. It is possible, in other words, to identify and prepare for the future that has already happened (Drucker, P. “The Future That Has Happened… (More)
- Richard Curtain
- 2000
The use of survey data and case studies to identify the characteristics of high performance workplaces is based on the assumption that workplaces doing well in terms of the markets in which they operate are more likely to survive into the future. It is pointless to try to predict the future. But it is possible – and fruitful – to identify major events that… (More)
- Judith Connell, Richard Curtain
- Singapore journal of tropical geography
- 1982
The authors attempt to provide a comprehensive review of urbanization in three Melanesian countries (Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu) and in Fiji. The focus of the paper is on the development and perpetuation of various forms of inequality exemplified by Melanesian urbanization and its colonial origins.In the event that you are looking for determination to upgrade the home, this particular Oscillating Table Fan photograph stock is going to be the most effective selections. Slightly more everyone waves Oscillating Table Fan snapshot collection, subsequently you will definitely get a lot more determination. You might use Oscillating Table Fan picture collection as a key reference to upgrade your household considering each graphic will show a huge type. To obtain your personal preferred property, you can content your type with Oscillating Table Fan image gallery that in shape your personal preference. It is also possible to embrace several variety of Oscillating Table Fan photo collection to become bundled. Simply by mixing the ideas from Oscillating Table Fan snapshot stock, you will definitely get house unique and attractive. Just be original, do not just concentrate on the form from Oscillating Table Fan picture stock. Perhaps you may combine many of the additional types because of photo museums and galleries furthermore Oscillating Table Fan picture gallery on this subject web site. A ambiance furnished by a family house influenced by way of Oscillating Table Fan photo collection will make you really feel beautiful along with calm so you can take pleasure in your private rest.
oscillating
As verb (used without object), oscillated, oscillating , , , , … oscillates
As verb (used with object), oscillated, oscillating
to cause to move to and fro; vibr
Using Oscillating Table Fan image stock being a useful resource, you will definately get an wonderful working experience within renovating your dream house. This outstanding particulars are located in Oscillating Table Fan photograph gallery, and put it on to your dwelling to turn your house to remain a great house. You should also combine a types because of Oscillating Table Fan pic collection with your personal options to obtain a completely unique glance. You can make every person who went to see your household shocked by way of the weather from Oscillating Table Fan pic stock properly. And will also be a good sponsor by giving convenience to help you each and every invitee that been to through outstanding your home model as in Oscillating Table Fan pic stock. I highly recommend you get pleasure from Oscillating Table Fan pic stock.
Matthews CI TB Cinni Textured Bronze Interior/Exterior 13u0026nbsp; Oscillating Table Fan. Loading Zoom .
164556 Honeywell Oscillating Table Fan HT 906 Honeywell/Kaz Home Environme Honeywell HT 906 Table Fan Oscillating Turbo Force Oscillating Table Fan Use As A ... .
Amazon.com: Air King 9154 9 Inch 2 Speed Commercial Grade Oscillating Table Fan: Home U0026 Kitchen .
Fans | Home And Office Fans | Holmesu0026#174; 8u0026quot; Oscillating Table Fan HAOF87BLZ NUC 230 CFM | B462668 GlobalIndustrial.com .2008 Suzuki Hayabusa™ pictures, prices, information, and specifications. Below is the information on the 2008 Suzuki Hayabusa™ . If you would like to get a quote on a new 2008 Suzuki Hayabusa™ use our Build Your Own tool, or Compare this bike to other Sport motorcycles.To view more specifications, visit our Detailed Specifications.
Agree, Disagree?
Write a Review and rate the 2008 Suzuki Hayabusa™ . Your review and rating will help rank 2008 Sport.
Write a Review and rate the 2008 Suzuki Hayabusa™ . Hayabusa™ Reviews
Overkill
By JackBlack(Enthusiast), Aug. 26, 2008
This bike is way too fast for the street, and its not very nimble for the track. So unless you're going to be doing a lot of drag racing, or highway racing, which are both extremely dangerous, then its not really the best bike at all.
My take on the Hayabusa: looks cool, sounds cool to your fri... Read Full Review
< Prev 5 Reviews 6-6 of.Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 20, 2014 7:16 AM
I created an Engineering line drawing Illustrator CS6 using only black ink (0C, 0M, 0Y, 100K). I do have color management turned on, set to Gracol2006_Coated1v2. I saved the file with the profile embedded in AI format. I placed the saved file into an InDesign brochure. InDesign and the document are both set to the same CMYK color space as Illustrator. I was doing a prepress check before sending the file off for printing and discovered that these line drawings (supposedly K only) are showing up on all four process plates. I double checked the file in Illustrator and it looked okay to me. So, I created a "grayscale swatch" set to 100K and redid the file. It still shows up on all four plates in ID.
I decided to try saving the Illustrator file as a PDF using the Illustrator default settings. When placed in ID, they were K only. I tried another experiment. I saved the Illustrator drawing as an AI file but without an embedded profile. That also retains K only inside ID.
So, I have a workaround, but I want to understand what is going on for future work. I figured I must have some ICC color conversion going on, re-separating my file to 4C black, but I can't understand why. It's probably simple, but I am obviously missing something.
Any ideas?
Thanks, Lou
1. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 20, 2014 8:11 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
How are you delivering the job to the printer—PDF? If you include a profile with the PDF then there would be a conversion in the printer's output if their destination profile is something other than your GRACol profile. You want to make sure you use the printer's output profile as your document CMYK profile.
Or, if you want complete control of the output CMYK values and flattening on export, use the PDF/X-1a preset, which includes an Output Intent but not a profile. All the CMYK color from a PDF/X-1a is deviceCMYK and should output unchanged. It would still be possible for the printer to force a conversion, but it's not likely.
2. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Willi Adelberger Sep 20, 2014 8:26 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
I would not recommend in your case to include a profile to the AI file, so it will use Document CMYK and you will avoid any CMYK-CMYK conversion.
3. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 20, 2014 8:30 AM (in response to Willi Adelberger)
Or is this just to view something and discard it instead of using it in production?
But Lou doesn't have a profile conflict, he's using GRACol in both AI and ID. If that's the case the conversion has to be happening at export or output.
4. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 20, 2014 9:42 AM (in response to rob day)
Thanks for the responses. In the process of writing this post, I think I figured out my problem. I will add some clarification.
4C blacks were showing up inside of InDesign when viewed with Separations Preview. My Press PDF was generated from InDesign with No Color Conversions and no profiles embedded, which is what this commercial printer wants. Of course, the PDF shows 4C black drawings too, same as ID, but all my text remains on the black plate.
I went into Bridge and Synchronized my Color Settings. They were not synchronized before, but the color spaces were the same in all my apps. InDesign was set to Preserve CMYK Numbers (ignore linked profiles). I changed that one setting to Preserve Embedded Profiles. I went into Illustrator (after syncing my color settings) and re-saved the file with the embedded profile as an AI document. I updated the link in InDesign and it still shows as 4C black.
In InDesign, if I select the 4C line drawing and Convert to the InDesign CMYK working space, it becomes a K only file. The file had to be coming in from Illustrator with a different profile, even though my CMYK color space profile is the same.
This engineering drawing was originally a CAD file that I received from my client and brought into Illustrator. I no longer have the original file any more and don't remember the format or other details. I had Illustrator set to Preserve embedded profiles, so there must have been a profile embedded in the original (though I thought the original was an RGB file). I selected the entire drawing and manually assigned Gracol2006 in Illustrator. I reserved it with the embedded profile and placed it into InDesign. It's all on the black plate. Your feedback helped me think this through, so I thank you.
Just a few questions more...
Does Convert to Profile inside InDesign convert ONLY the currently selected graphic, or does it convert ALL items in the document?
Would people recommend that my Illustrator CMYK color management policy be changed to a different setting (Convert to Working Space perhaps)?
It seems that once you synchronize your Color Settings in Bridge, if you even open the color settings dialog box in IL, ID or PS, Creative Suite assumes you changed a setting, even if you just wanted to take a look at them. Then it tells you your settings are unsynchronized. Does anyone else find this irritating? Or do I have it wrong?
Thanks again for all the help.
Lou
5. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 20, 2014 10:46 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
When you synchronize you are synchronizing the application's Color Settings and not existing documents, so if you have documents with mismatched profiles sync'ing won't change anything. Sync'ing is useful for future documents and projects not existing ones.
To check an ID document's assigned profile choose View>Proof Setup>Document CMYK. Proof Setup also shows your current Color Setting's Working CMYK space and it could be different. It's the Document CMYK profile that color manages the document CMYK colors, not the Working CMYK profile.
If Separation Preview is showing 4-color blacks there has to be a conflict between the AI embedded profile and the assigned ID document profile. If GRACol is embedded in the AI file your doc's assigned profile would have to be different to get a 4-color separation.
Does Convert to Profile inside InDesign convert ONLY the currently selected graphic, or does it convert ALL items in the document?
Edit>Convert to Profile only affects native ID colors and swatches it leaves placed files alone. You can change the profile assignment of images via Object>Image Color Settings, but not AI or PDF files because they can have more than one profile assigned to the objects inside.
Would people recommend that my Illustrator CMYK color management policy be changed to a different setting (Convert to Working Space perhaps)?
Not if you don't want 4-color blacks. If you don't want the CMYK values changing assign your ID doc's profile, or as Willi suggests save without a profile so it becomes DeviceCMYK. Any conversion to a new CMYK space will produce 4-color blacks
Also, the color management policy gets saved with the file on creation, so changing the policy in Color Settings doesn't change the policy for existing doc's. If you create your documents with the Preserve Numbers (Ignore Linked Profiles) policy, CMYK values will get placed unchanged.
6. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 20, 2014 11:08 AM (in response to rob day)
Thanks, Rob.
Very clear, as always. when I originally imported the CAD drawing into Illustrator, I must have screwed up and ignored a profile warning or something.
For B&W line drawings like this, I will probably save the AI file without an embedded profile.
Thanks for for the other tips. I will try them all so they sink in.
Have a good weekend.
Lou
7. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 20, 2014 12:22 PM (in response to Lou Dina)
For B&W line drawings like this, I will probably save the AI file without an embedded profile.
You can also select the Preserve Numbers (Ignore Linked Profiles) policy before you make new InDesign documents—it's the default for most of the presets because of this problem.
Changing policies for existing documents can be a pain—you have to turn on warnings in Color Settings to get a profile and policy change dialog. If you are using OSX I have an AppleScript I can post that makes it easier.
8. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 20, 2014 1:46 PM (in response to rob day)
Thanks Rob.
I'll have to think about Preserve Numbers (Ignore Linked Profiles) in Color Settings. I can see how it would be helpful with B&W images and line drawings, but I'm not sure I'd want my profiles ignored on all my color images (PSD, TIF, AI, etc). I guess I can override that and select my profile when the image is placed. Or, just remember to save my K only files without an embedded profile.
I'm curious…what do you do?
Lou
9. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Willi Adelberger Sep 20, 2014 2:09 PM (in response to Lou Dina)
Place images as RGB so they will be converted into the correct color space.
10. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 20, 2014 2:34 PM (in response to Willi Adelberger)
Thanks Willi. I'll have to think about that and experiment some. I have always edited my images in Photoshop in CMYK before placing into InDesign for press. And CMYK color work in Illustrator I have always embedded profiles too.
11. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 21, 2014 4:53 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
I have always edited my images in Photoshop in CMYK before placing into InDesign for press.
Photoshop and InDesign share the same color management system so you wouldn't get different CMYK values converting inside of Photoshop vs. making the conversion during a PDF export (assuming the source RGB and destination profiles and color intents are the same).
If you need to make post CMYK color corrections—for example you want to get a CMYK color that's not in the RGB gamut like 100% cyan or 100% magenta—then you don't want any chance of a CMYK-to-CMYK conversion because your gamut correction will be lost. It's the same problem as 100% black getting converted to 4 colors.
You might still want a profile saved with the document so it's appearance doesn't change if the Working CMYK space has changed in Color Settings next time you open. That's the case where Preserve Numbers is useful—you've made a correction to specific CMYK numbers and you want those numbers preserved in pagelayout even when there's a conflict with your embedded profile.
12. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 21, 2014 6:13 AM (in response to rob day)
It's a complex issue, that's for sure. I guess playing defense is sometimes the best strategy. CMYK > Lab > CMYK seems to be one of the Achille's heels of color management, at least for jobs going to press, and especially when you don't know the final destination or have the ultimate press profile. I can see where Preserve Color Numbers makes sense in this context. It's safer, but doesn't live up to the ultimate promise of color management. I was spoiled for years because I sent most of my press work to a single, reliable color-managed commercial printer who had a good press profile, good QA and a prepress guy who knew exactly how to handle my files. We communicated regularly. That's not my situation now.
Willi's suggestion to place RGB images with embedded profiles into InDesign will at least allow RGB images to be separated to CMYK at the last minute. As long as I'm happy with the default conversions to the final CMYK destination, that's a good option.
If I have images that need a trip to PS to take advantage of 100% cyan or 100% magenta, etc, as mentioned,.
If I want the option re-separate some CMYK PS images, I can apply the correct profile in InDesign after import, even with Preserve CMYK Color Numbers turned on. If I generate the PDF and convert to a specific CMYK profile, at least those images will be converted to the final press space. If I choose No Color Conversion on PDF export, the numbers in the file will be retained (will that work if the file has RGB images?).
I'm sure this printer asked for No Color Conversions and Not to include Profiles during PDF generation since it is safe.
Does that overall strategy make sense? Thanks for helping me understand and thinking this through with me.
Lou
13. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 21, 2014 7:53 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
CMYK > Lab > CMYK seems to be one of the Achille's heels of color management, at least for jobs going to press, and especially when you don't know the final destination or have the ultimate press profile.
But there's no reason to let that happen because the conversion path is really: your RGB editing space>Lab>guessed CMYK space>Lab>final destination CMYK. So at that point you might as well leave the placed file as RGB and let the conversion be: your RGB editing space>Lab>final destination CMYK on export or output.
The current conventional wisdom is to leave images as profiled RGB, export as PDF/X-4 where the standard enforces profiles, and let the conversion from RGB to CMYK happen at output. But that assumes the printer knows what she's doing and is willing to take on the responsibility of making color conversions—big assumptions.
Your printer doesn't want to color manage and is asking for No Conversions and No Profiles—or final, flattened CMYK (PDF/X-1a). If your printer won't provide a press profile you are forced to guess. There's no point in guessing US Sheetfed and letting an additional conversion to GRACol happen later..
Both approaches will produce the same results. When the policy is Preserve Numbers, linked files get the document's CMYK profile assigned and an embedded profile is ignored. Same thing happens when there's no profile, the document profile gets assigned to the linked file and there's no conversion.
14. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Willi Adelberger Sep 21, 2014 8:05 AM (in response to Lou Dina)
The conversion from RGB to CMYK will have the same result under the same conditions.
Look here:
Re: Re: Converting Images to CMYK for Print Publication
––
Willi
15. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 21, 2014 8:20 AM (in response to Willi Adelberger)
Just to be clear if the printer is asking for No Conversions and No Profiles so PDF/X-4 with RGB is not an option.
16. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?Lou Dina Sep 21, 2014 1:50 PM (in response to rob day)
Thank you both for the wealth of information and for steering me straight. I learned a lot.
Willi, I looked at your link to Bob Levine's comment on keeping images as tagged RGB in InDesign for maximum flexibility. Makes sense to me. I've been doing it the old way and I guess that means I'm archaic! Hahaha...doesn't surprise me!
As Rob mentioned, PDF/X-4 will work fine with color managed printers, but not this one. His PDF generation settings are No Conversion and No Profiles. But, I think can still place RGB images from Photoshop, as you suggested. I can place CMYK B&W line art and critical CMYK images where I want to max out cyans, magenta, etc (with ID set to Preserve Color Numbers). When I generate a PDF, I can Convert to Profile (preserve color numbers) and not include any profiles, and it should only convert my RGB files to the destination space. All the AI, PDF and CMYK files will be left alone, since Preserve Numbers will ignore the profile and assign the document working space. I think I have it right now. It's a lot faster and easier working in RGB for the bulk of my images.
I've run a few tests and this seems like it ought to work.
Many thanks to both of you!!
Lou
17. Re: Black on Multiple Plates?rob day Sep 21, 2014 2:25 PM (in response to Lou Dina)
I've been doing it the old way and I guess that means I'm archaic! Hahaha...doesn't surprise me!
PDF/X-1a is an older standard, but archaic implies it's no longer useful, which I don't think is the case. Your printer might be stuck in an old workflow or they simply don't want to take on the risk of making conversions—"What do you mean 0|255|0 is out-of-gamut! My green needs to be brighter!! Reprint the job!!!"
PDF/X-1a is a standardized way of ensuring final color management happens at export, and PDF/X-4 standardizes a way of delaying final color management to output. It's easy to come up with scenarios where either one is be better than the other.Zee TV's primetime favourite Tashan-E-Ishq produced by Esselvision Productions might hit a rough patch soon, barely 9 months after going on air, and the sole reason for this is, Sidhant Gupta aka Kunj's sudden decision to exit from the show!
Because of his decision, the makers had to bring in a change in the storyline. Now, we have to wait and watch how the audience will respond to the show post his death sequence.
Click on View Photos to See the Pictures
Owing to his popularity and cute chemistry with his co-star Jasmin Bhasin aka Twinkle, the makers of the show have decided to show their honeymoon sequence in Goa. The popular Tashan-E-Jodi have taken off to Goa for Kunj's convocation but will be seen celebrating their much-awaited honeymoon in Goa!
The news of Sidhant's exit has broken many hearts and viewers are aghast by his decision, hence the makers have decided to show the couple's honeymoon sequence to cheer up their fans! In Goa, Kunj will plan a surprise for Twinkle by the poolside and the adorable couple will be seen spending some intimate moments together.
Meanwhile, Anita has reached Goa to revive her plans of killing Kunj! As her previous attempts failed miserably, she has planned something big this time! She has even set a deadline for killing him, which is the 27th of May, the same day, Kunj graduates.
Yuvi (Zain Imam) is aware of her plans and he arrives in Goa to alert Twinkle and Kunj about Anita's evil plans. He tries contacting Twinkle, but in vain. He vows to protect Kunj at any cost.
Unaware of all this, Kunj and Twinkle are completely lost in their own world. But, the dawn will descend on the families as soon as Kunj is killed by Anita. Yuvi will try his best to save him, but Anita will overpower him this time spoiling Yuvi's efforts!
As Twinkle tries to overcome Kunj's loss, Yuvi enters her life, there by beginning a new love story.Home »Onyx Tile Flooring » Onyx Tile Flooring
Description: Onyx Tile Flooring from the above 300 x 300 px resolutions which is part of the Onyx Tile Flooring directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Detail Of Onyx Tile Flooring
Title : ms international onyx sand 18 in x 18 in glazed porcelain floor
File Size : 300 x 300 px
File Type : image/jpeg
Download :Small Size °Large Size °
This Onyx Tile Flooring is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.Full text loading....Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'The OT' started by BubblePuppy, Mar 7, 2013.
Very sad. May he RIP.
Perhaps arguably the best blues/rock guitar player of his era. Far better skill and precision than Clapton or Page (Jeff Beck is about the tonal dynamics and always was in a universe all his own). Alvin did his thing and I think largely didn't socialize with rock's elite (or its promotion engine).
Despite that for us late sixties, early seventies wanna be guitar gods Alvin Lee DID Change the World.
Don "turns out he really did know what to do" Bolton
Amazing player, RIPHowell Child Neglect False Accusation Attorney
Charges of child abuse and neglect can be serious; in some cases, a conviction can lead to loss of custody, termination of parental rights, sex offender registration or jail time. While some abuse and neglect charges stem from divorce and child custody matters, other charges are filed against individuals who are not parents or family members. In Michigan, the Children's Protective Services (CPS) program is obligated to investigate cases involving potential harm to the health and welfare of children, regardless of whether the underlying reports or allegations are based on facts.
If you have been accused of abusing or neglecting your child or another child, the advice and representation of an experienced defense lawyer can enable you to understand your legal rights. When necessary, a lawyer can defend you against criminal prosecution.
Three Decades Of Defense Experience In Livingston County
At the Law Offices of Harris & Literski, we have more than 30 years of defense experience in Livingston County and elsewhere in Michigan. Our lawyers have dealt with many cases related to child abuse and neglect, including matters involving:
- Alleged sexual abuse or molestation of a child
- Corporal punishment
- Failure to provide for a delinquent child
- Assault and battery charges
- Domestic violence charges
Our attorneys know exactly how local courts and state agencies handle child abuse and neglect matters. We can explore all possible defense options and represent you aggressively in court when necessary.
Contact The Firm For A Free Consultation
Contact us to consult one of our firm's Brighton attorneys for child abuse allegations. We provide a free consultation.Cat Deshedding Tool Review: The EquiGroomer
I was introduced to the EquiGroomer when the inventor reached out to me via e-mail, introducing her product. Since it was first invented for horses (the EquiGroomer for horses is much bigger than the cat-sized ones that we received for review), I reached out to a few of my friends who are savvy in the horse world to ask what they thought of it. I do a lot of “preliminary” stuff like that before I accept a product for review, so that I can be sure that I can actually do a review (I do not like to post bad reviews, therefore, I try to be sure about whether or not a product might work before it arrives).
As you might have guessed, I got a positive response from the “horse-people” I know, so I asked that three of the EquiGroomer shedding blades be sent to us – one for my parents’ house, one for my house and one for my sister’s house.
What is the EquiGroomer?
The EquiGroomer is a very simple cat grooming tool that is basically a piece of wood that has what-looks-like a saw blade on the other side. It’s very sturdy and easy to hold.
As you can see in our review video below, it takes a little practice to the hang of how to use it, but it does do a great job as a deshedding tool for cats. I love it more than brushes like Furminator, because the EquiGroomer removes the dead coat underneath- rather than cutting the healthy, shiny coat above.
The EquiGroomer’s blade’s teeth grab loose hair by the ends so there’s no pulling, discomfort or damage to the skin or coat. That’s probably why my cats, Charlie and Trigg, who hate being groomed, tolerated the EquiGroomer more than they have other brushes we have reviewed.
Outside
I definitely recommend using the EquiGroomer outside – as fur can fly everywhere, especially until you can get the hang of how to use it so that fur doesn’t fly everywhere. In fact, my sister didn’t end up using it too much because she doesn’t let her cats outside and had no where to brush them without the hair flying.
As you can see in our final review video below, when the blade fills with hair, you can simply pull it off with one swipe.
Overall, I really like the EquiGroomer and will definitely keep it in our cat grooming tool box . It does an awesome job at deshedding and getting rid of the loose hair and dander. I was probably most impressed by it’s ability to not piss off Charlie and Trigg – a hard task for any cat grooming tool.
EquiGroomer Product Unboxing and Arrival Video
EquiGroomer Product Review Video
EquiGroomer Cat Deshedding Tool Colors
The EquiGroomer comes in a number of different fun colors:
Buy the EquiGroomer
We received the EquiGroomers for review from the manufacturer . Receiving the free product did not influence this honest post.
Super pawesome final product review, Jenny! The videos (as usual) are wonderful! Wow! This tool works GREAT! Very impressed with it! I can’t believe how Charlie and Chiggy tolerated it so well, too! Look at all that hair it got! Whoa! Lurved your little niece at the end…she’s so adorable grooming Caymus! Added this to my Wish List cuz I want one! 🙂 <3
Big hugs & lots of love!
Patti & Miss Pink Sugarbelle 🙂 <3
Thanks, Patti! Got this comment on Facebook: “Ragdolls don’t have an undercoat. Their coat consists of awn hairs and guard hairs very little to no undercoat (down hair). You’re actually just thinning his coat here. Even with very gentle pressure these can still break or pull at the Ragdolls coat. I personally prefer a good slicker brush to remove any loose coat, a pin brush to add volume and shine, metal comb to finish. You can use other combs and brushes too if your grooming for show and some Ragdolls do better with different bristle types depending on each cats individual coat.”
So I messed up by saying, “undercoat” – but rather it thins the coat! I’m just glad it gets rid of cat hair and leaves the coat shiny!
Well, I’m all for anything that will help keep The Fluffles at bay! 🙂 <3
yes, i #fail at any cat show grooming tips! i am definitely not a part of that world or knowledge space – i am more in yours of wanting to get rid of fur.
Same here. Fluffles are My Biggest Nemesis! 🙂 <3About
CHECHIL BEER SNACK FINALLY IN THE US!
We are a group of cheese makers from New York that specialize in one kind of cheese - Chechil. What is Chechil? It is actually one of the most popular beer snacks in the world and now we want to be the first ones to start producing this delicious snack in the US.
What is Chechil? strings that are so thin that they can easily pass through an eye of a needle. Chechil is an all natural product with no chemicals or preservatives and it is very fibrous and healthy. The shelf life of Chechil is 3 months.
During my visits to Russia and Kazakhstan, I had the pleasure to enjoy Chechil in most restaurants and bars. The problem occurred to me when I arrived back to the US.....I could not find this snack anywhere in the US! We even went to Russian communities in Brooklyn to see if their local stores carry it but still were let down.
So my friend and I, have traveled to Kazakhstan last summer to specifically learn about this cheese. We visited 3 production plants there. This is also why we could not go to a dairy producer and ask them to make it for us. This is why we need your:
- Cheese Vat (30 gallon) - $9,500
- Fresh Milk - $7,500
- Equipment - $5,000
- FDA registration and paperwork - $3,000
- Labeling - $1000
- Shipping costs - $1000
Total = $27,000
Reward Levels Breakdown
Once we get funding from backers like you, we can start shipping this amazing snack for everyone to enjoy, and hopefully soon you will find us in a store or bar near you!
T-Shirt at $90 Reward Level
Let us know your size: Small, Medium, Large, or X-Large.
You will LOVE this amazing beer snack
Risks and challenges
We are all set up and ready to go but producing the first batch of Chechil cheese involves some extra equipment that is costly. We need your funding to help us raise money for this equipment and for lab testing as well. With your help we are confident that we can make this dream a reality and get this delicious snack on store shelves soon.Learn about accountability on Kickstarter
Questions about this project? Check out the FAQ
Support
Funding period
- (30 days)Championing the rights of children and young people in Wales
Read and download our new resource for secondary schools.
How can we place children's rights at the core of every child's education experience? How will this benefit schools? Take a look at our guide.
Read our 2016/17 Annual Report.
Read 'Sam's Story: Listening to children and young people's experiences of bullying in Wales', the cheapest day to fly is Sunday. Being flexible with your travel days garners even more savings during booking.
Question : How many days should you spend in Manchester?
Answer : Over the next two months, passengers from BCN to MAN are planning on staying for four days on average.
Question : On a daily basis, how many different flight times are available from Barcelona-El Prat Airport (BCN) to Manchester Airport (MAN)?
Answer : Of course the day of the week matters, but on average, four different flight times exist when you fly from BCN to MAN. The average route departing Spain and Canary Islands currently has three different flight times per day. You'll have more options than the average passenger.
Question : Is there a preferred airline for getting to Manchester Airport (MAN) on schedule?
Answer : Vueling will have you to MAN on time 70% of the time. Life has too much to offer to spend it waiting in an airport, so check out Vueling to get in and out of airports as quickly as possible. If they are late for some reason though, the average delay is 19 minutes.
Question : What is the cheapest day to fly in the next four weeks?
Answer : Jan 26th has seen bookings (as of Jan 15th) as cheap as $75. That comes in 57% below the average price for this route. Saving now means you'll have more cash to spend on your trip.
Question : How often is the Barcelona-El Prat Airport (BCN) to Manchester Airport (MAN) route delayed?
Answer : Flights from BCN to MAN are on time 55% of the time, ranking in the 20th percentile worldwide. If a flight is delayed, expect an average of 25 minutes added to your flight time.
Question : Which airline is least likely to get you to MAN on time?
Answer : 67% of Norwegian Air International flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport (BCN) to Manchester Airport (MAN) are late. If you should choose this airline, be sure to track the flight status to stay on top of the departure time.
Sometimes you just need to get out of town or maybe you’re looking for a change of scenery. Regardless of the reason, a flight from Barcelona BCN to MAN.Matlock Bath Parish Council has a complement of eight Councillors serving for a four year term of office. Elections took place in early May 2015 at the same time as elections for the District Council and General Election, but it was an uncontested election as there were fewer candidates than seats on the Council. The Council has a Chair and Vice Chair elected by the Councillors from within their number. The Council normally meets bi-monthly. Full details of all meetings are on the 'meetings' section of the website. Matlock Bath Parish Council currently has 6 Committees - Activities, Communications, Facilities, Finance & General Purposes, Planning, and the Environment and Conservation Committee (previously Nature Reserve Committee). The Committees are made up of Councillors and members of the public who are co-opted on to them. The Council has a set of standing orders by which it operates, a copy of which can be obtained from the Parish Clerk.
The Parish Council employs a Clerk who works part time and she is the person to whom you write if you need to contact the Council formally - Julie Baranek
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
All Councillor contact details are below:
I have lived in Matlock Bath for over thirty years. Both my children attended the playgroup and Matlock Bath Primary School. I was Chair of the Matlock Bath Youth Centre when it was first opened in the 1980s I worked in education in Derbyshire for 44 years, as Head of Music in local authority secondary schools and then latterly as a part time teacher trade union lay official. I also worked for fifteen years as the Chief Examiner for GCSE music for one of the major examination boards. I am now retired. I have been on the Parish Council for over ten years because I want to do what I can to improve the Parish and make it an even better place to live for all the parishioners. Peter Baranek (Chair) - Phone: 01629 56831
I came to the district in 1964 and for 32 years practised as a GP in Matlock. I had many patients in our village and learned a lot about the life here. In 1974 my wife and family moved from Matlock to Clifton Road as we wanted to be nearer Holy Trinity Church. After I retired from full time work, I served in several doctors’ surgeries in the district before finally hanging up my stethoscope in 2006. Around that time, I felt called to serve the community in some way and was proposed for co-option to the Parish Council. The following year I was elected unopposed for a full term. The Parish Council is an apolitical body and addresses and voices the concerns of all village residents. I serve as the Parish Council representative on the Derwent Valley Rail Partnership which has pressed for and achieved much improved Rail Transport links to Derby, Nottingham and London. I have also been involved in improvements to the “Millennium Field” now renamed “The Wapping Nature Reserve” and hope that this recreational area will be available for residents to use for many years to come.
Michael Wilderspin (Vice Chair) - Phone: 01629 583190
Nick Grayshon. Rev. Nick GrayshonI have settled very well since moving, from Radcliffe, Manchester to Matlock Bath in September 2008 where I am Priest-in Charge of Holy Trinity Matlock Bath and St. Mary's Cromford. What a fantastic place to live and work! The pace of life is slower than a big city, people are very friendly and the countryside is beautiful. The mix of residents, traders and tourists make the village fascinating, providing the Parish Council with a wide variety of issues and lots to talk about! One of the joys of my work is as a Governor of our great Primary School, another is wandering round the village meeting such a rich variety of people and of course occasionally taking services in church!
Rev. Nick Grayshon - Phone: 01629 583924
I first moved to Matlock Bath in 1989 and following a few moves have settled in Upperwood with my family. I have 3 children 2 still of school age, one at Holy Trinity School and one at Highfields. I have been a Parish Councillor for a number of years and am also actively involved with the Grand Pavilion. I run a local building company working on mainly local village homes.
Dave Mowle - Phone: 01629 584387
Matlock Bath and the Derbyshire Dales had for some years been somewhere my family and I enjoyed visiting when we came to see my sister and her husband, who ran a business on South Parade. In 2009, after waving my youngest daughter off to university, my husband Peter and I decided to make the move from Kent to Derbyshire and quickly settled in Matlock Bath. Before moving to Derbyshire and alongside bringing up my 3 daughters, I spent 16 years working for Kent County Council in Education, firstly as a school bursar, then as a training co-ordinator within the Learning and Development department and finally as an education welfare officer. During this time, as a qualified counsellor, I also worked with clients suffering from a range of mental health problems. I currently work as a communications officer for a local charity. I was co-opted onto the Parish Council in 2011 and enjoy supporting the varied work carried out by councillors to try and improve this already charming and unique village. I currently focus on the various 'activities' organised by the Parish Council, such as the annual Pro Loco Art and Photography Competitions, the Seniors Lunch and Carols around the Christmas Tree.
Phone: 01629 760826
Trevor Bowmer I have lived in Upperwood, Matlock Bath since 1981. My wife, Marie, taught at Holy Trinity School for 10 years (she designed the Millennium Timeline that stands there) and our two children enjoyed an outstanding pre-school and Primary education in our village. I served on the Parish Council some time ago, until business commitments had to take precedence and was Chair of the School Governing Body for many years. Running a national business from the Derbyshire Dales has enabled me to develop financial and management skills that I wish to offer for the benefit of our community. I also have a keen interest in the Planning issues that challenge our Conservation Area and their impact on the balance between residential and commercial interests.
Originally from Northumberland. I am 58 years old with 2 children and 2
grandchildren. I have served as a police officer and most of my working
life has been spent in the financial services sector.
I currently own and
manage The Large White Wine/Coffee Bar on North Parade.
I am an experienced councillor having been an elected member ,Portfolio
Holder and Chaired many high profile committees at Mansfield District
Council. In 2015 I stood as a totally independent candidate to become
Mansfield's elected Mayor and polled just under 10,000 votes, not enough to
win but a huge achievement none the less.
I want to help develop Matlock
Bath and make it even more of a place where people want to visit, work and
live. I want to make the Parish Council more accessible and work with the
business community and the local community to take Matlock Bath forward.
I firmly believe that Change equals Opportunity.
Although I have only lived in Matlock Bath for 2 years now I feel I am really part of this beautiful community. It is a pleasure to be co-opted onto the Parish Council to help alongside a well dedicated team.
I work in Matlock as a Tutor in Workforce Development and Children and Young Adults team. Previously to this I worked in Secondary Education within Special Educational Needs. I really enjoy my teaching, it is so rewarding helping people to succeed and reach their goals.
Some years ago I had two businesses in Hairdressing and enjoyed bringing up my two sons who have now flown the nest to adventurous careers in the RAF and Fire Service. I am also a proud Mum.
I look forward to supporting the work of the Parish Council and being a solid part of this community.
Wednesday 24th January 2018 at 7.00 pmWait! Did Churchill Show comedians Chipukeezy and Karis gang up to beat Embakasi West MP George Theuri at the “Boxing under the Stars” boxing tournament? Well, it so much looks like it.
The two comedians also hosting the event challenged the youthful member of parliament to a fight at the tournament to raise funds for the medication of the ailing boxing star Conjestina Achieng’. The event was organised by Miss Eastlands Nairobi Eveleen Mingoye and Skippers Boxing Promotion
The boxing event attracted fighters from countries like Egypt, Tanzania and Uganda and was also attended by various influential figures in the country.
credits: mpasho.co.ke
0 comments on “Comedian Chipukeezy Fights Embakasi West MP George Theuri (Photos)”Regular deep cleansing is an important part of your beauty and skincare routine. A good scrub or peeling helps to remove dead skin cells, makes the skin soft and smooth, improves complexion, and helps nutrients to penetrate deeper into the epidermis. Organic Shop face cleansers for deep cleansing are effective yet gentle.
Peeling, also known as exfoliation, involves the removal of dead epidermal cells from the outermost surface of the skin. Sometimes washing is not enough to remove dead skin or imperfections such as blackheads and that’s when facial scrubs, peelings and other cosmetic products designed for deep cleansing come to rescue.
Exfoliation can be achieved through either mechanical or chemical means. Mechanical exfoliation involves scrubbing the skin with an abrasive. A facial scrub used for mechanical peeling usually consists of a cream or gel-like base and mechanical exfoliant. Exfoliants used in scrubs, peelings and gommages include plastic microbeads, salt or sugar crystals, crushed almond shells or apricot kernel, berry seeds, pumice, etc. People with sensitive skin should avoid scrubs with big and rough abrasive particles.
Chemical exfoliants contain substances that help to remove dead skin cells and stimulate skin renewal. These substances include alpha hydroxy acids (glycolic acid, citric acid, malic acid, lactic acid, tartaric acid) and fruit enzymes (papain from papaya, bromelain from pineapple). Acids and enzymes may be applied in high concentrations during professional treatment or in lower concentrations in over-the-counter cosmetics.
Organic Shop offers both mechanical and chemical exfoliants for you to choose from. Organic Ginger & Sakura Face Scrub is one of the brand’s most popular products. It contains small exfoliating particles that remove dead cells very delicately yet effectively. The product is enriched with allantoin that enhances the effect of exfoliation and simultaneously soothes the skin. Allantoin is a natural ingredient that makes the skin softer, tightens pores, and has a soothing effect on sensitive, dry, and sunburned skin.
Other natural ingredients contained in the scrub are olive oil, organic ginger oil, Japanese cherry (sakura) leaf extract, and green tea extract. Olive oil provides the skin with nutrients, helps to keep it hydrated and has an antioxidant effect due to the high content of vitamin E. Sakura extract and green tea extract soothe the skin and ginger oil keeps it feeling fresh. After using this scrub your skin will never feel dry or tight, although we still recommend that you moisturise afterwards.
Organic Coffee & Powder Face Gommage is an even more delicate product specifically designed for sensitive skin. “Gommage” is a French word for “exfoliant”, it is sometimes used to refer to products which are more delicate than regular scrubs. Face gommage by Organic Shop contains kaolin (white clay), cocoa seed powder and konjac root powder as a natural exfoliating complex. It makes the skin soft and silky smooth without irritating or drying it out.
The gommage also contains olive oil, macadamia oil, organic coffee seed oil and schisandra (Chinese magnolia-vine) seed oil. These oils nourish and moisturise the skin, improve its elasticity, prevent premature skin ageing, and help to keep the skin looking healthy and glowing.
If you prefer chemical exfoliation, check out Organic Mango & Apricot Face Peeling by Organic Shop. Its key ingredient is glycolic acid, an alpha hydroxy acid known for its excellent capability to penetrate skin. It helps to remove the dead layer of the epidermis, exposing live skin cells. The concentration of glycolic acid in the product is high enough to produce a good effect but low enough not to cause skin irritation (although you still should conduct a patch test just to make sure your skin is not hypersensitive to fruit acids).
Other natural ingredients contained in the peeling include olive oil, mango seed butter, apricot seed oil, macadamia oil, and Japanese magnolia flower extract. They provide a nourishing, moisturising and soothing effect, enhance skin elasticity and prevent premature skin ageing.
Face scrubs, peelings and gommages by Organic Shop are safe, effective and natural. They are formulated with vegetable and essential oils and herbal extracts and free of synthetic ingredients such as parabens, silicones and SLS/SLES. Although they are not hypoallergenic because even natural ingredients might cause allergies in people with sensitive skin, the risk of allergic reactions is very low when there are no synthetic ingredients.
You can buy facial cleansers and other skincare products by Organic Shop in our online shop Organic Store. We offer a good selection of natural and organic cosmetics produced by trustworthy brands and deliver internationally to any country within the jurisdiction of the Universal Postal Union.Simon wrote: > On Aug 2, 5:51 am, Dave Angel <da... at ieee.org> wrote: > >> <snip> >> I don't understand your comparison to Foxpro. read on. >> >> As your code was last posted, you don't need a return value from >> init_Exec() Every function that doesn't have an explicit return will >> return None. And None is interpreted as False in an "and" expression. >> If you had an "if" around the whole thing, then you'd care. >> >> DaveA >> > > All I meant by the FoxPro comment was the idea of using the equal sign > without a variable to throw away the result. Also in FoxPro there is > no such thing as automatically returning None. If there is no > explicit return then True is returned. > > Thanks I did not know that None is interpreted as False. > > Simon > > > To throw away the result of an expression in Python is even easier. Just don't use it. func1() and func2() is a valid expression whose result is not used. And func2()'s result is therefore irrelevant. But shortcircuiting means that func2() is only called if func1() returned False (or something equivalent to it, like 0 or an empty list)Freelancing & Consulting Query, Pitch or Letter of Introduction? Share Flip Pin Email Dan Dalton/Caiaimage/Getty Images Freelancing & Consulting Basics Start Freelancing Start Consulting Manage Your Career Genres and Markets Mechanics of Writing Get Published Finance & Money Tips Glossary of Terms View All By Allena Tapia Updated July 10, 2017. Show Full Article{{.
Building a hotel’s reach in this way, with existing and potential customer base, is a valuable way of staying fresh. In the competitive online world it gives people a reason (new content) to go back to a hotel's website - it makes a site a place to go for interesting reading rather than just regurgitating hotel-centric information.
When the content’s good it will be shared and sourced by others, building a community for the customer.
The clientele of these luxury hotels want more for their dollar. They want to feel special, like a VIP and have their views and custom valued. That goes without saying, but they also want a little extra.
In same way that the young millennials are thrill seeking and experiential in their demands from brands, so too are the lux customers (they just have more cash in their pockets to spend).
Here's a seven-step easy-to-implement action plan that is focused on increasing a hotel’s direct bookings, that sells the dream of it being special place to stay and builds a community with the fans and followers. Here's a sneek preview of our plan.
1. Create a glossy social magazine-style blog
This style of blog will enable the hotel brand to become a publisher. A beautifully crafted, customised blog will mean an in-house team can create, customise and publish engaging editorial that’s attractive to search engines and ultimately brings in new customers.
We love the ones created by Flockler. They're social, optimised for mobile and tablets and increase the customer reach.
2. Fresh content for the blog
The blog should cover stories that your customers will be interested in. We love the COMO hotel group's blog as an example. It's a classic in-bound marketing technique applied in a B2C world.
From the “Mind, Body & Spirit” column teaching you how to do yoga at home to “Tales from the front desk” column it gives its customers a reason to come back for more.
It promises "inside access to exclusive stories" happening in its hotels around the world and secret tips from all the locations where its hotels are.
3. A blogging outreach programme
The blog should have multiple authors and voices. By indentifying influential bloggers and inviting them to a “VIP bloggers evening” will give them an experience, a reason to write for you and about you on their popular blog.
The Standard Hotels group in the States does this well. Its Standard Culture blog is filled with guest posts and unique behehind the scenes footage and collaborations with brands collaborations such as Warby Parker further cementing it into popular culture.
4. Engaging with the audience
Earned media (social, blogging) is a high-growth area. Consumers trust word-of mouth recommendations and reviews are 80% more trusted traditional marketing and paid for media.
Hotels that tap into this market and facilitate user generated content have a double win. Fairmont Hotels New York Plaza's recent "The Great Gatsby Getaway Contest" was a good example of how this can work.
The hotel asked people to submit a photo that evoked the 1920s or of a wannabe guest standing in front of The Plaza hotel tagged with the hashtag #ThePlazaPremiere to win a night's stay at the hotel and entrance to a premier screening of the Great Gatsby Film.
The contest was a fantastic way to promote both the hotels name, its rich history and provided the winner with an unforgettable experience. The #hashtag is still out there. Give it a search on Instagram and look at some of the amazing entries.
5. Creating an app
Build an easy-to-use simple app that acts as a guide to what’s on in the hotel, but also beyond (best restaurants, local & time specific concerts, sight-seeing tours etc). The app would be available to buy in the app store for non-guests but guests get an access code to download it free on check-in.
The idea is that people can socialize everything they do in-app and share with their social networks, as well as continue to communicate with the hotel during and after their stay (via push notifications).
The app could also easily be developed to pre-order room service, other hotel services and eventually act as a payment card for contactless payment.
6. Remember the good old fashioned email
Incentivise your customers and those visiting your site for the first time to sign up to your weekly/monthly mobile optimised email. Give exclusive deals and promotions only available to those on your list.
Showcase the latest news from your blog and provide something ‘exclusive’ such as “pop-up” events at the hotel.
7. Think beyond the hotel
Take the publishing mantle further and create up-to-date themed 'Beyond the Hotel' online mini guides to exploring your region.
This would give your potential guests a flavour of the entire destination and what to expect when they arrive. The Standard Hotel's Culture blog does this brilliantly. It's become a destination for hotel guests and locals alike to celebrate their love for travel, discerning taste and modern culture.
Readers can digest all sorts of articles and original content on the latest buzz in Miami, Los Angeles and New York City and hear about upcoming, exciting events.
Crystal
Absolutely love this piece!
I visited the Plaza Hotel back in April and it was in full Gatsby swing! Between the costumes and props from the film displayed throughout the hotel lobby and corridors, to the Gatsby-inspired drink and food menus and Gatsby brunch in the Palm Court; it certainly created not only a unique experience for the guest but an exciting one as well.
over 4 years ago
Andrew Healey
Goof post, Juliet. From my experience in the tourism industry, I have found that blogs about the attractions and activities in a region are fantastic subject matter for a blog. When people plan their holiday, of course, they want to plan things to do. If a hotel has a blog with this kind of information as part of their website, the people they attract will be well qualified.
over 4 years ago
Tangerine Digital
Hi Juliet! Great Work! The way you have portrayed the main guiding points in achieving Content Marketing is certainly insightful. Even, we at Tangerine Digital () work upon the depths and insights of Content Marketing for our clients, and surely understand the importance to it in the Digital World.
Thank you so much for the same.
Team Tangerine Digital
()
over 4 years ago
Dave Spector
Interesting post Juliet.
Sorry to be a wet blanket, but after working with hoteliers of all sizes for 25 years, we've realized that most hotels do not have the resources of The Standard or The Plaza to tackle advanced marketing concepts like content marketing.
To do it right, as you note, takes an investment of time, creativity and money. Sadly, most hotel marketing staffs are always under the gun to produce results NOW. And the lack of immediately measurable ROI from content marketing makes it a hard sell to management.
Content marketing can be a great way to create kinship with consumers... but often best handled by outsourced firms with deeper resources.
Dave Spector
Partner
Tambourine: Digital Marketing for Hotels/Tourism
New York City • Fort Lauderdale
over 4 years ago
Find cheap hotels online
Great post for everyone including me. I am a also a stroller person. I visit a lot of famous places in the world. I always search to new place to visit. Internet is best option to search places and Online booking of hotels is also a good option. It is very time consuming sytem to decide your vacation.
over 4 years ago
Samantha William, SeEx pert at Seminative Media
If one wants to expande his hotle business then he should follow above given tips .These are quite informative and one can adopt to expand their hotel business.
over 4 years ago
Edward Nicoloson, Manager at
I always read blogs on Boutique Hotels and select one of the best hotel for our holidays. I am fond of visiting new places for a memorable experience. Thanks for sharing the list of new hotels.
over 2 years agoPathologists’ Assistant Day - A Pathologists’ Assistant is a person who helps a pathologist by examining things like tumors and performing autopsies. The medical profession would be in a tough spot without them.
National Pecan Day – Did you know that the pecans are the only nuts that are native to North America? I didn’t know that, but I found out here. Pecans are very good for you since they are full of vitamins and minerals but I think that some of that goodness gets negated a little bit when they are added to a pecan pie considering how much sugar goes into one of those.
Ex Spouse Day – While divorce is never a goal when you go into a marriage, it happens an alarming percentage of the time anyway. Sometimes I think people give up on each other too easily, but sometimes people just aren’t meant to be together for a variety of reasons. If you have children, I hope you make the effort to get along with your ex spouse for their sake. If not, then today is a day to celebrate your freedom.
International Moment Of Laughter Day – Created by Izzy Gezell, this is a day to acknowledge the power that laughter holds. Use humor to lift your spirits, relieve your stress, increase your self-confidence and optimism and boost your immune system. Some celebration ideas are here.
Look Up At The Sky Day – This is a day to take some time to smell the roses...whoops, wrong day. I meant to say...This is a day to take some time to look up at the sky. How often do we stop what we are doing and really look at the sky? Are there any interesting clouds up there today? Does it look like rain? Can you see a rainbow or a meteor?
Reach As High As You Can Day – Today is a day to strive to go as far and as high as you can with whatever you are trying to do, whether you are trying to reach the cookie jar on top of the refrigerator or trying to get that big promotion at work.
Children With Alopecia Day – This is a disease in which the immune system attacks the hair follicles, causing hair to fall out. It affects children’s self-esteem more than their health. Unfortunately, other children can be extremely cruel and can unmercifully tease and torment any child that has a visible difference like Alopecia children have. Find out more here.
Pan American Day – Celebrated every year on this day as a “commemorative symbol of the American nations and the voluntary union of all in one continental community”. This union was established in on this day in 1890. On May 7, 1930, this day was adopted by the Governing Board of the Pan American union in official legal language with all the requisite whereas's and pursuant to's included. It's all here if you want to see it.
Good Friday – Celebrated on the Friday before Easter, today is the day Christians remember the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. This is a day celebrated by many countries all over the world and each one has their own unique customs, traditions and beliefs. One such tradition is the kite flying that happens on Bermuda every Good Friday, serving as symbolism for Jesus ascending into heaven.If a fun experience with your family is what you're after, you should give mini golf in Cambridge a go with leisure offers from Groupon. You will all have so much fun when you use these vouchers to play mini golf in Cambridge. What's more, playing mini golf in Cambridge is an activity suitable everyone, whatever their age. Reigning in your spending needn't mean compromising on quality, so you can rest assured that you won't be getting a second-rate mini golf experience. Now money won't stand in the way of you having an amazing time! In Cambridge play mini golf today and see who can get the most under par!
Why not try mini golf in Cambridge with the vouchers?
Leisure offers as good as these are sometimes hard to come by, so if you think that mini golf in Cambridge is the perfect activity for you and your group, you must sign up NOW at the Groupon website to get your hands on the vouchers. Using the vouchers is effortless: just arrive at the participating mini golf centre of your choice and show the vouchers and in an instant your bill will be reduced. In Cambridge, mini golf is not necessarily always affordable, so this is is a terrific offer if you want to have a fun experience at minimal expense!
Mini Golf in Cambridge
Stuck for something fun to do in your weekends? Why not jump online and check out our Leisure Offers at Groupon for great deals for Mini Golf in Cambridge. It's the perfect pastime to bring out your inner child and inner competitor. Whether you are alone or with a group of friends, you'll find the best deals on our website, which means you can afford to make it the best of three, or best of five, with your mates and let there be no question about who is the King (or Queen) of Mini golf.
Relive your Childhood with Mini Golf
Remember those summer holidays where your whole family went down the local mini golf and played all afternoon. Remember that one hole that got you everytime, knowing without that one, off the chart score, the game could have been yours. Why not recreate the fun by choosing one of our cheap Mini golf offers in Cambridge. Our pre-paid voucher deals means you can easily find a deal to suit your families budget for mini golf. Now you can show your kids the good old fashioned fun you had at their age, from a time when you didn't need computer games or smart phones and fresh air was envigorating. Plus with deals like these why not return the favour and invite your parents too. Challenge them to a rematch (or grudge match), and, now that you are taller than the golf club, see you comes out the successor.by Roland
(Marbella-San Pedro)
I am a new owner of a local business in Marbella and am looking for a specialist that can help me with my social media accounts.
Post your own submission to the Marbella Community! It's easy to do. How? Simply click here to return to JOB Board Archive.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (9)
Publication Year
2005
2015
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (3)
- Last 10 years (20)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Ángel García-López, Gonzalo Martínez-Rodríguez, Carmen Sarasquete
- Histology and histopathology
-… (More)
- Ángel García-López, V Fernández-Pasquier, Egle Cristina Couto, Adelino V M Canário, Carmen Sarasquete, Gonzalo Martínez-Rodríguez
- General and comparative endocrinology
- 2006
Testicular development and plasma levels of sex steroids (11-ketotestosterone (11-KT), testosterone (T) and 17,20beta-dihydroxy-4-pregnen-3-one (17,20beta-P)) were investigated for the first time in cultured male Senegalese sole Solea senegalensis. The germ cell dynamics and gonadosomatic index (IG) were monitored. Based on the relative abundance of the… (More)
- Shixi Chen, Jan Bogerd, +4 authors Rüdiger W. Schulz
- Biology of reproduction
- 2010
Progest… (More)
- Susana Sangiao-Alvarellos, Sergio Polakof, +6 authors José L Soengas
- General and comparative endocrinology
- 2006
The osmoregulatory and metabolic role of testosterone (T) in the euryhaline teleost Sparus auratus was examined. Fish were implanted with a slow-release coconut oil implant alone (control) or containing T (2 or 5microgg(-1) body weight) and sampled 1, 3, and 7 days after implantation. Gill Na(+),K(+)-ATPase activity increased in fish treated with the lower… (More)
- Ángel García-López, Hugo R. de Jonge, +6 authors Rüdiger W. Schulz
- Endocrinology
- 2010
This study aimed to improve, using the zebrafish model, our understanding of the distinct roles of pituitary gonadotropins FSH and LH in regulating testis functions in teleost fish. We report, for the first time in a vertebrate species, that zebrafish Leydig cells as well as Sertoli cells express the mRNAs for both gonadotropin receptors (fshr and lhcgr).… (More)
- Elena Chaves-Pozo, Sergio Liarte, +5 authors Alfonsa García-Ayala
- Biology of reproduction
- 2007… (More)
- Elena Chaves-Pozo, Francisco Jesús Arjona, Ángel García-López, Alicia García-Alcázar, Jose Jaime… (More)
- Ángel García-López, María Isabel Sánchez-Amaya, Francisco Prat
- Comparative biochemistry and physiology. Part A…
- 2011
A real-time PCR-based gene expression survey was performed on isolated European sea bass follicles from primary growth to late vitellogenesis. Expression levels of 18 transcripts with demonstrated relevance during oogenesis, encoding gonadotropin, thyrotropin, estrogen, androgen, and vitellogenin receptors, steroidogenesis-related as well as growth and… (More)
- Salvatore Desantis, Sara Zizza, +4 authors Carmen Sarasquete
- Histology and histopathology
- 2010
The localization and characterization of oligosaccharide sequences in the testis of Senegalese sole Solea senegalensis was investigated using 12 lectins in combination with KOH saponification and sialidase digestion (K-s). The interstitial compartment contained all the sugar residues investigated, those bearing oligosaccharides terminating with sialic acid… (More)
- Marcelo Castro Leal, Paul P. de Waal, Ángel García-López, Shixi Chen, Jan Bogerd, Rüdiger W. Schulz
- General and comparative endocrinology
- 2009
To develop new tools to study the regulation of testis physiology in teleost fish, a medium-term ex vivo organ culture system was adopted for zebrafish testis tissue. The addition of 100nM 11-ketotestosterone to the system supported complete spermatogenesis, as determined by morphological, molecular and immunohistochemical analyses. Under basal conditions,… (More)photo by Brian Britton
photo by Brian Britton
Hits of the 1960’s, 70’s & 80’s by Newfoundland’s biggest recording stars come to life with hilarious hosts and toe-tapping, tear-jerking and side-splitting music & songs.
Getting to Cow Head
This show is part of the Gros Morne Theatre Festival. See Getting to Cow Head for directions to the Warehouse Theatre and Shallow Bay Motel.Kleine Zalze Family Reserve Chenin Blanc.
Price: £17.49
For free delivery please spend over £250
Qty: Add to BasketQty: Add to BasketBy Nicole Lee / Source: Engad.Press Brake Setter/Operator
Top Job - Fulltime | Birmingham
Working with Amada and Edward Pearson machines - Working from engineering drawings - Bending/Folding various types of sheet metal For ore information on this role please contact Josh at Proactive Personnel Ltd on 01543...Remember
Process Engineer | Packaging | Design Engineer | Layout
Top Job - Fulltime | Rugby
Gluing and improvement processes. Key skills needed Understands the process of packaging (boxes) Process Engineering Folding | Glueing | making of boxes into bigger boxes | Die Cut Blanks Glue Folder Picking up banded groups...Remember
Print Finisher
- Fulltime | Birmingham
Laminating, folding, creasing, Direct mail, letter head, business cards, Small format print, print, print finisher, finishing, cutting, guillotine, laminating, folding, creasing, Direct mail, letter head, business cards, Small...Remember
Welder - Fabricator
- Fulltime | BirminghamRegister your CV
Include • Fabrication of Steel & Aluminium metal enclosures/supporting framework • TIG - MIG - MMA Tacking & Welding of Mild - Structural Steel • Cut and folding component metalwork • Cutting of steel angle and panels...Remember
Automatic Door Installation Engineer
- Fulltime | BirminghamRegister your CV
Doors and steel door sets across the North West Fault finding, repair of automatic doors & associated accessories when required Installation of new parts, accessories & furniture Working on swing, sliding and folding...Remember
Digital Printer & Finisher
- Fulltime | BirminghamRegister your CV
Minolta Ricoh as well as a range of Print Finishing skills such as Folding using Guillotines, Laminating and general bench hand work. They are searching for candidates from a similar Print & Mailing House environment that can...Remember
Print Finisher
Top Job - Fulltime | Kettering
Looking for a new challenge within the Print - Direct mail industry? - Are you ambitious and proactive and want to work for a market leader within the industry? - Do you have experience with Polar guillotines and Stahl Folding...Remember
Internal Sales
Top Job - Fulltime | Leicester
folding cartons in desirable but not essential Hours Monday to Friday 37.5 hours per week This job was originally posted as...Remember
Folding Operative - MBO - Stahl
Top Job - Fulltime | Wakefield
Are you an experienced Print Finisher? Enjoy working towards deadlines in a busy production department? I am currently working on an exclusive basis with a client in the West Yorkshire area who have an in-house productio...Remember
To: personal email From: tyagi@houseofkaos.abyss.com (NocTifer) Subject: Ethics and Forgiveness (Excerpts) Date: Kali Yuga 499410xx My 'views' are irrelevant to the feelings in my heart. If I feel that I must oppose something (say, for example, a woman is being battered and I cannot stand to let it continue without throwing myself between them or at least calling the police), then it is not a matter of my knowing anything about them. I am taking an action out of my compassion and my own pain. It is not about what I think is 'right' or 'wrong', it is about what I can stand to witness without prevention/opposition. I have at times stridently defended the lives of small insects in our home. I have, at others, killed them maliciously after having been bitten. I have very different feelings at different times and these do not come out of my head. Forgiving someone? Oh, you must mean something which I can't yet under- stand. I've never been able to understand how 'forgiving someone' can help to resolve anger. It sounds crazy to both my heart and head. I agree that expressing anger can be a very important thing. However, I think there are times when the anger comes out of places where it is best to respond to it by dealing with the issues in myself which bring it up moreso than trying to make the anger go away by removing the person/object restimulating it. Example: Mr. X decides to ignore me, then proceeds to tell the elist of this. I feel great anger at having been shut out of his consciousness. However, I know that he is experiencing pain at my words, that he has seldom if every run into those such as myself, and that his typical means of dealing with demons/adversaries is to banish them/exclude them from his life/mind. My anger is still there. Just because I understand his motives and can deeply sympathize with them doesn't make my anger go away. I can't just 'let go of it' (as some mean by 'forgive him'). He did me no wrong by screening me out. He was trying to protect himself. I feel that I would rather sit with that anger and look at it carefully, ask myself where is it coming from, how is what he's doing restimulating a previous pain of mine. I see that I have felt very deep pain about being cast out of social groups, out of being 'the outcaste' because of my unwillingness to capitulate to group-pressures regarding interests and expressions. I see that I have a need not only to feel welcomed by all, but to push those boundaries in myself and in groups of people, perhaps feeling pushed myself in the opposite direction and wishing a sort of vengeance. I have known about this tendency ('trouble-maker' I've heard it called) for quite some time and have watched it carefully, somtimes (as in the FiatLVX group) being fairly careful about how my expression is directed. Yet the anger is still there. I must perhaps be outcast many times, placed upon the Cross and killed, before I shall heal my pain. Mr. X and I are kin who would perhaps benefit from resolving our differences. It takes two,):Hi
I've been trying to get this achievement for weeks now and I always find some way to fail at the saurok. I'd really love some advice on how to kill it. I'm a ret paladin and it's my offspec, so my gear isnt all that great. I also tend to get frazzled while chasing it and do dumb stuff, like fatfingering my spells since I don't play the spec all too much. I'd really love to find ways to make it as foolproof as possible. Should I use Seal of Justice? Repentance or ranged stun? Any help at all would be greatly appreciated, because failing at this every week is getting very discouraging.Get calling cards instantly on screen and by email
Looking for an international phone card for calling abroad from USA to Egypt? Comfi offers the best international calling cards that will make your connection with friends, family or colleagues advantageous and first-grade.
We provide a wide range of international phone cards to call from USA to Egypt.
Royal Call calling card is a invulnerable, comfortable and easy way to reach recipient abroad. The foremost feature is the possibility to refill it. That means, you can putHUMMING HOODIE
Details
Item# CL7WL646
£32.99 £18.99
Go bold with the Humming full zip hoodie. Available with pops of brightest orange to the sleeves or a primary blue body, the brush back Humming brings super-soft winter warmth. Neat striped tips to cuffs and signature Animal branding add a varsity vibe to a hoodie that's made for long days exploring this season.
Additional Information
Animal Boys' Humming Zip Through Hoodie - Product Code CL7WL646
- Embroidered branding
- Brushed back fleece
- Concealed full zip
- Pockets at waist
- Tipping on cuff rib
- Woven tab branding on hem
- GSM: 320
- Carbon suede brushed finish
- Contrast sleeves & body
- High neck
- Fixed drawcords at hood
- Ribbed hem
- Cotton/Polyester brush backI was hiking the Flume Trail high above Lake Tahoe. As I was making my descent at the end of the day, I spotted a rock outcropping overlooking the lake. As I approached the edge I realized that I had come across a golden opportunity. With the radiant sun shimmering off of the surface of the expansive lake and the lone, tall pine tree backlit in the foreground, it was a beautiful moment that captured Tahoe in all its glory. I was fortunate to experience it, and even more fortunate to capture it.
TAGS: Hiking, Landscape, Light, Nevada, Sunset, Travel, United States, WaterA Peterborough postman will go from carrying the mail to carrying the bag of golf star Sergio Garcia after tweeting him for 200 consecutive days on Twitter.
Mark Johnson will have a dream day when he caddies for the famous Spaniard at the Pro-Am event which precedes the British Masters in late September.
Sergio Garcia
The Pro-Am is an informal competition with golfers playing alongside celebrities, and Mark will be inside the rope at Close House, in Newcastle upon Tyne, watching his golfing idol tee it up close by.
The 40-year-old from Glinton said: “I’m buzzing, but very nervous at the same time.”
Mark sent 206 tweets to Sergio starting from July 7 last year until last Saturday when he finally got the response he was waiting for, with the world number 15 replying: “Ok @markjohno6969 I think I found the perfect day for you to get a taste of carrying my bag & make your dream come true! Are you ready?”
Mark was brushing his teeth at 5.30am before work when Sergio’s tweet came through. He said: “I put my toothbrush back and started jumping up and down.
“My wife Alison and two boys Tommy and Oliver were asleep and I’m thinking ‘what do I do now’?”
Sergio has won many tournaments around the world and, although he has just missed out on winning one of golf’s four Majors, he is a legend in the Ryder Cup - the biennial contest between Europe and America.
Explaining what prompted him to send so many tweets to the Spaniard, Mark said: “Sergio Garcia has always been my number one golfer and I’ve always said what a dream it would be to caddy for that bloke, but how on earth do I do that?
“I decided to tweet him and then thought ‘why not do two, do three’. Then I kept it going.
“I was seeing where he was playing and a couple of hours before he was due to tee off I would tweet him all sorts. You do think, ‘does he see them?’ but he liked seven or eight of my tweets.”
Mark, who plays with a handicap of 13 at Burghley Park Golf Club in Stamford, said the highlight of the day will be “to get his driver out for him, to be inside that rope - two to three feet away - watching him strike that ball as he can. It’s going to be an unbelievable day.
“It’s the stuff dreams are made of. I’m just hoping Sergio can win that Major he’s been so close to winning in the past so I can say I caddied for a major champion!”
Sergio told dubaidesertclassic.com it will be “good fun” getting to know Mark.
He said: I thought it was quite funny and it was very sincere, and obviously I was wondering how long it was going to keep going. Some of the tweets he posted were quite funny.” He added: “I’m sure [the day] will be a great experience for him.”>>IMAGE facilitating inspirational workshops. His CD provides an understanding of his life, his principles and his character and also answers some very important questions too. See the attached cover of Paul’s CD.
Paul hails from Granada. He left the island when he was sixteen. At that time he learned to overcome huge challenges. He travelled to the U.S. Virgin Islands and embarked on his university education within the hospitality industry. According to Paul, “Immigrating to Canada was the biggest stepping stone and best move I ever made.”
He began his career in sales with a large hotel chain which eventually led him to become head chef of a prestigious hotel restaurant. He took great pleasure in mentoring his staff. He subsequently branched out and established various restaurants on his own. Although he is no longer in the restaurant business, he loves what he does, motivating and mentoring individuals to “Aim Higher.”
The cost to attend the meeting is $10.00/per person, which includes a full breakfast.
Please RSVP your attendance to: Mary Ellen Koroscil at: 905-823-9174 or by E-mail: mekm@rogers.comStates get involved in lawsuit to shield Obamacare, saying Trump can’t be trusted
By Carolyn Y. Johnson [1]
The Washington Post
[1]Attorneys general from 15 states and the District of Columbia filed a motion Thursday to intervene in a long-running lawsuit over a core part of the Affordable Care Act., that help lower-income Americans afford their deductibles and co-payments. Their calls for certainty have grown increasingly urgent as they face deadlines to decide whether to offer plans in states and how much to charge.We are so blessed in always having food in our cupboards, fridge, and freezer — for not having to put much thought into where our next meal is going to come from, barring some disaster. We’re fortunate to not be forced to make tough decisions at the grocery store over what brand or how much is purchased and to be able to indulge our whims in deciding what we’ll have for dinner most of the time. We do not know what it’s like to suffer from real hunger or malnourishment.
There’s never a day when I don’t thank God for this, although much appreciation is also due to Shane and his hard work to earn a good living for us. I try to steward this gift well by clipping coupons, buying staples where and when I can get the best prices, cooking at home and packing lunches most days, varying our meals so that we don’t overindulge in meat or desserts, trying to use all leftovers before the food spoils. I also try to supplement our offerings with homegrown herbs, fruit, and vegetables when possible.
It seems like meal planning and shopping is a really big focus in our home. We all savor good food, and we’ve raised the kids with the intention of knowing where food comes from and what meals taste like when prepared with love, from scratch. Our goal is that they will both always be comfortable in the kitchen and that deciding what and how to feed themselves and their future families will be a fairly simple and fulfilling — albeit still a demanding — task.Who wants to be boiled, baked, fried or mashed?!?Our potato heroes say NO.....!!!!One-touch-game: just tap… at the right time!
- Escape the killer fork!- Beware of other vegetables… they want you to die!- Discover new levels and new enemies!- Dynamic levels: each gamestart is a new challenge!- 3 different heroes with different powers!
Get into the vegetarian nightmare!If you like the game, please rate it and tell your friends about it – this gives us the chance of improving and enhancing the game!
Potato Escape is a co-production of Alpine republic/source and adrastea.A Challenge, with a capital C! I dare any of you out there to do this, or if you have already, to share your experience with us. I think my daughter might do this. I believe my friend Rob Robinson does. I do not. My map is never written, it changes with each slab of the sidewalk, each turn of a corner. It has become very limited physically, but since it is in my mind, my freedom is absolute and even oceans or mountains or canyons are unable to contain my journeys. The infinity of imagination is a gift I cherish every moment with every breath. Guy Denning’s Art creates those moments of infinity for me.
Mr. Denning wrote:
Take.The Battle of Goliad was won by Texas rebels in 1835. In the battles, 50 Texan volunteers led by George Collingsworth defeated the 30 Mexican soldiers who were protecting the town and the Spanish fort. The battle took just a few minutes and gave the Texans a strategic location.Continue Reading
In 1836, Mexican forces surrounded the defenders of Goliad led by General James W. Fannin. Fannin's forced had been ordered by Sam Houston to retreat but moved too late and were captured. The rebels were taken prisoner and held at Goliad, but were later all executed in what became known as the Goliad Massacre.Learn more about US HistoryFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (1)
Publication Year
2014
2017
- This year (2)
- Last 5 years (5)
- Last 10 years (5)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Daniel Glinatsi, Joshua F. Baker, +17 authors Mikkel Østergaard
- Annals of the rheumatic diseases
- 2017… (More)
- Signe Møller-Bisgaard, Kim Hørslev-Petersen, +7 authors Mikkel Østergaard
- Trials
- 2015
BACKGROUND Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic, progressive joint disease, which frequently leads to irreversible joint deformity and severe functional impairment. Although patients are treated according to existing guidelines and reach clinical remission, erosive progression still occurs. This demonstrates that additional methods for prognostication and… (More)
- Mikkel Østergaard, Signe Møller-Bisgaard
- Clinical and experimental rheumatology
- 2014… (More)
- Mikkel Østergaard, Signe Møller-Bisgaard
- Nature Reviews Rheumatology
- 2014
trials with large group sizes and prolonged trial durations to detect statistically significant effects. The expense and requisite delay in such trials has pushed much of the pharma ceutical industry to redirect efforts away from OA structural progression and towards pain palliation, which is perceived as hav ing greater short-term yield. Concomi tantly,… (More)
- Signe Møller-Bisgaard, Bo Jannik Ejbjerg, +22 authors Mikkel Østergaard
- Scandinavian journal of rheumatology
- 2017
OBJECTIVES To investigate whether a treat-to-target strategy based on methotrexate (MTX) and intra-articular (IA) betamethasone suppresses magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-determined measures of disease activity and reduces joint destruction in early rheumatoid arthritis (eRA) patients, and to investigate whether concomitant cyclosporin A (CyA) provides an… (More)Day 10 : The Wife | Part 2 |
A story a day : day 10 |Last Day| … More Day 10 : The Wife | Part 2 |
A story a day : day 10 |Last Day| … More Day 10 : The Wife | Part 2 |
A Story a day : Day 9 … More Day 9 : The Wife | Part 1 |
Day … More Day 8 : You stole my Tiara!
Sorry, … More Day 7 : 100th Birthday
She … More Day 6 : Runaway with me
A Story A Day : Day 5 Trip with me … More Day 5 : Trip with me
“A Story A Day : Day 4”
A letter written by a soldier to his love. … More Day 4 : The Letter
Day … More Day 3 : Bad Things Happen For A Reason
Day … More Day 2 : Girl in the dark alley
Hi … More Day 1 : Blue EyesFellowship Type: Carbon Neutrality Initiative for Student Engagement
Campus: UC Irvine
Degree Objective: Masters of Public Health at UC Irvine
Project Description: Rebecca aims to streamline sustainability related platforms that advertise relevant events and opportunities to students, faculty and staff, and the larger UC Irvine community.
What impact does your fellowship work have on your campus, your community, the state, or the world? Rebecca’s project provides place for people to go when they are seeking events, thus maximizing the potential reach to our intended audience.
What is a recent success in your project? Rebecca just released a new sustainability calendar that has been greatly needed and asked for in the past years.
Why are you interested in the Carbon Neutrality Initiative? Rebecca knows that we are vastly depleting the resources this world has to offer and she loves expanding and publicizing sustainable choices.
What do you hope to do in the future using the tools you developed during the fellowship? Rebecca hopes to use her web design tools and skills that she built on during the fellowship to promote future public health related efforts in the future.Tea Garden Ithaca★★★★★ – 1 review
Tea House or Tea Bar
133 Jersey Hill Rd
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 272-1080
Reviews
Address is Jersey Hill Rd. Tea Garden is in the hills south of Ithaca. It is a Japanese tea house and garden. There are short nature walks and a pond which you visit before tea, to prepare your spirit for the tea ceremony. The Tea master is a woman who has studied tea ceremony for many years both here and in Japan. She is very serene and pleasant and answers all your questions if this is a new experience for you. The ceremony is one of great specificity, but is charming and calming. If you are not a floor sitter, say so in advance and there will be benches provided. When I was there last it was only $12, in cash, a real bargain for something that is very special and leaves you feeling calm and serene., with a real appreciation for tea ceremony.
★★★★★
marlena (75 tea reviews) on Jul. 27th, 2014
marlena (75 tea reviews) on Jul. 27th, 2014Often, I think of that day and try to recall what I gained on my midweek trip. Last year, in my inadequacy to manage my emotions properly, I was sick of colleagues, sick of seeing sicknesses, and the sadness, anger and frustrations that frequently accompanied it. During days like that, of which there were many, I tended to forget that life is more than what is contained within the walls of a hospital.
For the only time in my life, partly out of curiosity, partly out of desperation, I called a mental health hotline. Perhaps I understood a little better then, why society works hard to prevent suicide. There would always be the occasional person who truly doesn’t want anyone to know, doesn’t want help, and wouldn’t be swayed from what they wanted to do. But I think many aren’t that determined and would be grateful, when they look back, that someone helped them to see past the darkness with a perspective that they themselves have lost.
Interestingly, that day was full of angry looking clouds in all directions, and it started pouring heavily as soon as I left the house. I thought I would continue with my drive anyway, knowing a drive to the coast would be pointless for sight seeing. Not that I really knew where I was going or what I was doing anyway. Somewhere down the highway, not too far along, the skies suddenly became clear. What I had assumed to be an endlessly rainy day, had actually become full of perfect, warm sunshine. I saw it as a metaphor of sorts, to be reminded that it can be hard to imagine that dark clouds don’t stretch on indefinitely.
Under the sun, at the side of the road, I slept soundly. I listened to and read God’s words. I saw elderly people with gait aids, but walking about happily and functioning well. Later, I saw schoolchildren building sand castles and climbing on playgrounds. I bought an iced coffee and had a meal at a seaside town. From majestic cliffs, to crystal waters, to vast beaches, to curvy hillside roads and old lighthouses – I had driven on that route several times, but never appreciated the beauty of it as much as I did on that day.
I felt that God was so gracious to me, on my journey to nowhere. I was helped up, and loved by God, to whom I owed my life and purpose for living. The feelings of sadness, and dread of facing the coming days didn’t disappear. But the rest and food, and all that I saw and thought about, helped to readjust my perspective so that the weight of troubled thoughts and feelings would not be magnified out of proportion with reality.
2 Comments
It’s really easy to lose perspective when you spend so much time in one place.
BTW nice photo
Hope work is going okay for you. Hmm your comment got automatically filtered to the spam section. Maybe you should stop switching identities :P3 guests
1 bedroom
1 bed
1.5 baths
3 guests
1 bedroom
1 bed
1.5 baths
Cozy furnished one bedroom unit overlooking downtown Atlanta. Large balcony, 1.5 baths, all appliances, gated community, two parking pads and swimming pool. Located minutes from Fox Theater, Braves Stadium, Phillips Arena and much more.
Amenities
Family/kid friendly
Free parking on premises
Gym
Breakfast
House Rules
Good
Cancellations
Strictly about business.:Almost two years ago to the day I was in California doing fabrication for a design studio. I was living with the guy who was directly over me. It just so happened that this was the time of the year that the men in his family go on an adventure trip. He was kind enough to ask me to join them, and I was naive enough to say yes.
This years adventure was to climb Mt. Langley. We drove up to 10,000 ft. and hiked in 6 miles to make camp, with a 90 lb. pack. The next day we took the summit with a day pack. It was a 4 mile trek to the summit which was 14,042 ft. Once we made the peak, we signed the book at the top and immediately turned around and went back to camp for the night. I did play Imagine Dragons: On Top of the World before I made the decent. It was 8 miles, up 4,042 ft. and down 4,042 ft. in one day. As daunting as it was at the time, I wasn’t going to turn down the chance to go. It was worth the experience and the lessons learned.
- Sometimes God will keep you valley because you are not ready for the mountain. Just because you look fit for the task ahead of you does not mean you’re ready for the task ahead. Knowing you’ll look good on the mountain top doesn’t mean you’re ready for the journey. Having the charisma of mountaintopper means nothing if you don’t have the integrity of a journeyer. I was not ready for the trip up. I would have to stop every 2O paces or so to catch my breath. This slowed the whole group down. Eventually they all went ahead, I slowly made the summit…45 minutes behind the group. Thank God for their patience and the graciousness of the guy I was living with to come back down to guide me up.
- There is something new around every corner. No matter what corner I turned I never found what I expected. Even though it was rocks at every turn it was always a different rock. We may face things that are the same at face value, but they are an entirely new set of circumstances. Instead of going up the mountain saying “Great! More rocks”, we can say “Great! New rocks”. We have to understand that no matter how we look at it our perspective has changed. We are further along than we were yesterday. If we don’t allow our perspective to change according to where God is taking us then we are living in the past.
- Keep eye on the trail in front of you. Sometimes you have to put your head down and just watch the trail. Sometimes you have to look up to the goal to remind yourself why you are going the direction you’re going. We can get so focused on the summit that it seems impossible to get to, no matter how long we walk it is still so far up there. Likewise we can get so focused on the trail that it seems wherever we’re going we’re never getting there, no matter how long we walk the trail never ends. We have to keep the balance of keeping our eye on the goal and on the trail. That we are on this trail for a reason not just to be walking. Remember why you’re on the trail, while keeping in mind that you have not arrived.
These are the few that I wrote down. If we just keep in mind that the journey is just as important and the destination, I think we’ll make it there without killing ourselves. I learned so much that day. There was a point where I faced the decision to continue or to turn around, I decided not to quit and will never regret it.. Even though its was one of the most physically difficult things I’ve done, it is something I long to do again. Though next time I will prepare myself.Newport County - Plymouth (England - League Two)
The match Newport County - Plymouth started at 16:00 on 28 December 2015 at Rodney Parade, Newport.
Match result Newport County - Plymouth Newport County - - Oxford United
Bristol Rovers - Leyton Orient
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive England section.[.]
One of the best ways to get involved in the collector-car hobby is to attend a local car show or cruise-in. Car shows and cruise-ins are great places to look for a classic or muscle car. Although many car shows do not allow any advertising of cars for sale, owners may be looking for a prospective buyer for a sale in the future, or know of a car similar to theirs that is for sale by another owner. If you do find a car that is available, a car show is a great venue for seeing a prospective purchase in person and to talk at length to the owner. This buying experience is much more desirable than buying a car from pictures online or from a classified advertisement. So what’s the difference between all these events?
Cruise-ins.
A Concours d’Elegance is a little bit different from a car show or a cruise-in, in that you will find a more consistent showing of quality original and restoration vehicles presented for more intense judging. Concours events often require that participants be members of the sponsoring club or organization or that they submit entry paperwork well in advance of the event. Cars on display at a concours are by invitation only, and are often the very best examples available. Judging is scored by deductions at all AACA-sanctioned events. All cars receive a point rating on each judged item, and then points are deducted based on the appearance (cleanliness, fading or pitting of the chrome, dings or dents, correct bolts, etc.). Other scoring categories include suspension, engine compartment details, wheels, instrument panel, paint, frame and exhaust.
One thing that all three events have in common? They’re great places to meet people in the hobby, and a perfect venue to find out what kind of car is right for you. It’s an opportunity to ask questions, whether about a certain make or model, some facet of restoration you’re interested in, a club you might be interested in joining or a restoration shop you’ve heard about. Take the opportunity and run with it. Car people are among the most informative, inclusive and friendly on the planet. If you are thinking of entering a car in one of these events, start by attending a cruise-in or car show before actually entering your car. Experience is the best teacher when it comes to showing your car and winning an award.
Questions to Ask:
Which event should I be going to if I am new to the hobby?
You are always encouraged to attend each one as a spectator; however, if you want to enter your car, a cruise-in is probably the best place to show your car for the first time.
Are there minimum requirements to enter my car in these events?
Usually there are no minimum requirements at a cruise-in, but you should check with the event sponsor.
Do I have to belong to a car club to enter a vehicle?
Cruise-ins and most car shows do not require that you be a member of a car club to enter your vehicle, but you may encounter shows where some of the judging is limited to club members.
What can I expect at my first time showing a car?
Once you arrive at the event, car show staff will direct you to the proper parking area and may separate you by the class in which you are entered. Many veterans bring picnic lunches, books or board games to keep them occupied during the judging process, but it’s most often a time to talk with your friends.
How can I find out when and where shows are happening in my area?
One of the best resources to find an event in your area is through the Events Calendar on Hemmings.com. Every month, the publication devotes 40 to 60 pages of classified ads to upcoming events for the next month, broken down by state.
Crown
Second owner, first car, zero regrets: J-code Mach 1 comes out of retirement
March Military Campaign – Mutt v. Mighty Mite
Chevrolet Omega, the last 250
Yesterday’s speed parts and accessory catalogs prove useful today
Connect with Us
Our Apps
Get Hemmings Daily EmailChoose Your Support
Customer Support
Questions about your order or about the website?
Choose from the following:
Local Support
Questions about a product or a service you see on our site?
Choose from the following:
Categories: Denture Material : Denture Liner & Conditioner
Rebase II Chairside and Laboratory Hard Denture Reline Material – Adhesive 15 ml - Tokuyama America Inc.
REBASE II is a chairside and laboratory hard reline material, for use with complete or partial dentures and partial denture repairs. Without compromising any benefits from its predecessor, Tokuso® Rebase, Tokuyama® Rebase II offers better polishability, lower heat generation for in-mouth curing, higher mechanical strengths, improved handling and less odor/taste. Curing in 4min 30sec intraorally, Rebase II is designed for long-term denture reline applications.
Used for hard relining for complete or partial dentures and Extension of denture borders
Used for hard relining for complete or partial dentures and Extension of denture borders
- Easy polishing
- Great handling
- Almost no odor or taste
- Low heat generation
- Minimal chemical irritation
- Durability
- One-appointment procedure
- Accurate adaptation of the denture
- Saves laboratory costs
Processing
Figure 5:
Ion reducing capacity of the SC extracts using the CUPRAC (A, B) and FRAP (C, D) assays in comparison to α-tocopherol, ascorbic acid and BHT, at a concentration of 200 μg/mL. The values are mean ± standard deviations for triplicate experiments and those not sharing a letter on top of the columns are significantly different at p<0.05.A NEW festival will be coming to Portsmouth where a feast of films will be on show.
The Making Waves Festival is the first of its kind and is a film celebration with a twist.
Venues from all over the city will be showcasing a selection of movies from different genres and eras.
Hannah Morton, event manager, said: ‘We are very excited for the festival and a lot of hard work has gone into it.
‘We were astounded with the amount of venues that wanted to get involved but it should make for a great few days.’
The festival will also be showing films from other countries and Michela Franzoi, from Italy, said this is an exciting aspect for her.
She added: ‘I think it is good for people to watch and enjoy and learn about foreign films.’
The festival is from September 26-29. For more information, visit makingwavesfilmfestival.co.ukProgram manager - Worldline
Brussels
Worldline, an Atos subsidiary, is a global player and the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. Worldline delivers new generation services, enabling its customers to offer smooth and innovative solutions to their end customers.
With 40 years of experience as Key actor for B2B2C industries, main axes: Merchant Services & Terminals, Mobility & e-Transactional Services, Financial Processing & Software Licensing.
Worldline employs more than 7,200 people worldwide. In 2012, the company’s activities within the Atos Group generated (pro forma) revenues of 1.1 billion euros.
Your challenge:
-
Our.I.
let’s wait for si-fu to respond
Comment by Paul Tan — March 10, 2009 @ 9:58 pm |
i’ll be late, 630 is a bit early for tt 😛 mayb around 730~8pm i’ll be there 😉 1106603-210 is my number 😛 moc.liamtoh@xctsaf is my msn 😀
Comment by fastcx — March 10, 2009 @ 11:36 pm |
Hello si-fu… we’re waiting for ur green light….
Comment by Prismo — March 10, 2009 @ 11:38 pm |
have fun guys 🙂
Comment by mohdjiman — March 10, 2009 @ 11:56 pm |
count me in! my hp: kosong satu dua dua dua lapan lapan tujuh enam kosong….
Comment by gattaca — March 11, 2009 @ 12:34 am |
interested but cannot go 😦
Comment by farghmee — March 11, 2009 @ 8:38 am |
So sorry 😦
U in Singapore? Or u’re a Singaporean?
Comment by tokmoh — March 11, 2009 @ 5:56 pm |
i’m not a s’porean. i live in PJ old klang road, nearby only 🙂
i’ve got to go to kedah that day (tomorrow).
last time i couldn’t go to proton tech week. haih…
anyhow, could u update me (or anybody who cannot attend) in this blog the discussion minutes?
i love to know 🙂
Comment by farghmee — March 12, 2009 @ 10:26 am
I am in guys….friday 6.30 p.m is ok with be…but i might be abit late…u know why….:P, so you guys can start first. Dun put me as guest of honour la, Paul should be guest of honour….:)
Comment by si-fu — March 11, 2009 @ 8:55 am |
weh..aku nak join tjcc…since i’m a designer, i can design a logo for tjcc…hehehe
Comment by hotwheeler — March 11, 2009 @ 11:16 am |
Hi all!!
6.30pm too early? Tak pe, I’m around anyway since my class finishes at 5pm (I’m Taylor’s College student btw).
Comment by tokmoh — March 11, 2009 @ 11:23 am |
tat explains y u choose 630 -.-“
Comment by fastcx — March 11, 2009 @ 12:06 pm |
Hehehehe. Maybe I shud go dota first or sumthing 😛
Comment by tokmoh — March 11, 2009 @ 4:56 pm
sifu, kalau boleh sms tokmoh n get in contact with him la, so on that day easier to find each other, dont need to post your number here if u dont want
Comment by Paul Tan — March 11, 2009 @ 12:44 pm |
Ok Paul! I will try to contact tokmoh. I hope You and the other guys can make it….cheers!
Comment by si-fu — March 11, 2009 @ 1:11 pm |
c u guys tmr! 😉 remember, i’ll be late! mayb around 8
Comment by fastcx — March 11, 2009 @ 10:22 pm |
haha tmr i mean is friday 😛 sorry, reply a bit early to say tmr 😀
Comment by fastcx — March 11, 2009 @ 11:33 pm |
I have no problemo with the date, time or venue. Karl from Tganu. 019 2112 588
Comment by Karl — March 12, 2009 @ 10:09 am |
tokmoh, u can ride my ‘junk’ after the TTS..
Comment by gattaca — March 12, 2009 @ 10:28 am |
Thanks for the offer!! 😀
Comment by tokmoh — March 13, 2009 @ 12:21 am |
Azlano-Si-Fu and Paul: Make sure these guys also there dude.
Comment by Karl — March 12, 2009 @ 1:59 pm |
i wish i can join u guys, but i really really cant… tomorrow was my “akad nikah” day.. marrying a sarawakian girl… so now i’m at sarawak… so, jemput2 lah dtg kenduri kahwin hari ahad ni… 🙂 i tot TTS will held on next month or next 2 months… anyways… enjoy urself guys….
… now i will be a sarawakian… 🙂
Comment by Prismo — March 12, 2009 @ 2:22 pm |
er, u marrying a sarawakian doesnt makes u a sarawakian rite? its not u marry to their family 😛
Comment by fastcx — March 12, 2009 @ 4:25 pm |
actually, i’ve blood relation who was a sarawakian.. maybe my granny who was a sarawakian.. staying in here will make me feel like sarawakian.. 🙂
ATTENTION… kepada tokmoh, fastcx, gattaca, paul ataupun sesiapa yg berkenaan… aku nak bagi idea sikit ttg TTS esok (jumaat)… kalo dpt tulis “TJCC TTS” atas cardboard dan letak atas meja… so, sesiapa yg nak join TJCC TTS discussion, senangla nak cari korang nanti… x susah nak bertanya sana sini, calling sana, calling sini… tgk je “TJCC TTS” atas meja… terus introduce diri, duduk dan order TT…
Comment by Prismo — March 12, 2009 @ 11:20 pm
Thanks for the suggestion 😀 For sure, I’ll be wearing a red cap with “Marlboro” written, and a couple of Ferrari logo beside it.
I would recommend ordering iced lemon tea along with it, ehehe.
Comment by tokmoh — March 13, 2009 @ 12:32 am
Wow, congratulations!!
Hehe, we’ll need to swim to attend ur wedding 😛
Comment by tokmoh — March 13, 2009 @ 12:27 am |
fulamak tokmoh become organiser for TT session.. saya pun mau tapi saya sangat jauh.. do blog bout it! =)
Comment by vincent — March 12, 2009 @ 4:56 pm |
Hehe, I will!!
Comment by tokmoh — March 13, 2009 @ 12:38 am |
i’ll join too!
Comment by red7 — March 13, 2009 @ 9:33 am |
c u guys later! 😉 i might reach there earlier, client ffk me js now
Comment by fastcx — March 13, 2009 @ 3:18 pm |
Aku nak gambo.bila nak upload?
Comment by MisterBenjo — March 14, 2009 @ 3:26 am |
I’ll upload it tonite. I’m thinking of attaching n sending it to everyone’s e-mail. I gotta blur si-fu first if I ever want to upload pics wit him on the net.
Comment by tokmoh — March 14, 2009 @ 11:00 am |
make Si-Fu’s face pixelated…hahhahha
Comment by gattaca — March 14, 2009 @ 12:29 pm |Target Audience:
This training day explores; what is meant by ‘Missing’ children and young people, what are the local protocols and procedures, what the safeguarding issues are for children who go missing and how to respond to children when they go missing and return home. Children who go missing are a particularly vulnerable group and are open to exploitation - this course closely links with the LSCB Child Sexual Exploitation Course for awareness and how to work with these issues.
This training day is open to:- Schools (primary and secondary), Colleges, Police)
Aims:
- To raise practitioners awareness of the ‘Safeguarding children missing from home or care protocol’
- To present the safeguarding issues for children and young people who go missing
- To enable practitioners to put into practice how to respond to a missing child / young person and how to support them on their return
Learning objectives:
By the end of the session participants will :
- Understand what the term ‘missing young person’ means
- Have an awareness of why children and young people go missing
- Know what the ‘risks’ and safeguarding issues are for those who go missing
In terms of safeguarding, will be aware of:
- Protocols, polices and procedures
- how to make appropriate referrals
- how to support young people on their return home
- how to engage with children and young people during a ‘return interview’India in itself is one the best multi-cuisine country. Every state in India has something unique to offer to all the foodies out there. But Bihar has a lot to offer. That too in the vegetarian menu! These are so amazing that a butter chicken fan will drool over these. Let’s take you to a quick trip to get the feel of the famous Bihari dishes.
Litti Chokha
There are two parts of this dish; Litti and Chokha. Litti is baked dumpling that has a stuffing of gram flour. Chokha is kind of a salsa made by mixing mashed potato, tomato, onion and green chilli. The combination of duo is so filling that you cannot have more than 2-3 (though you will still be salivating for more)
Chana Ghugni
Chana Ghugni is a famous Bihari chickpea snack. You boil chickpea, add a lot of Indian spices to it and garnish it with tomato & onion salsa. It is filling, healthy and very delicious; what else can you need from any food!
Thekua
Thekua is a Bihari cookie only crunchier! This sweet dish is prepsared on a very special occasion and is shared amongst friends during festive time. It is made from a mixture of jiggery (not sugar, specifically) and wheat flour.
Khaja
Khaja is another known Bihari sweet. This sweet dist will give you a sense of eating wafers. It is impossible to have just one piece of this sweet dish.
Tilkut
Tilkut is a sweet dish made from sesame seeds and is eaten only in winters, especially during Makar Sankranti. Mix sesame seeds in jaggery and you get tilkut. Having said that, it is so not about the ingredients but the way it is made; nobody can make it better than the localite of Bihar.
Alu ka Bhunjiya
If you have guessed that this dish has got something to do with Potato then you are right. It is more like a soggy French Fries with a bit of Bihari flavor in it. It is served best as a side dish in the main course platter.
Laai
This is a sweet, salty and crunchy snack prepared from rice puffs. Just mix some hot jiggery in puffed rice and see the magic. It is easy to prepare and delicious to eat!
Kathal kebab
Kathal is jackfruit and the whole of Bihar is a fan of Jackfruit. Make a jack fruit paste and mix all kinds of spices in it. Add some onion and tomato in the mixture. Make flat balls and fry them. This is one amongst a few vegan dishes that taste like a non-vegetarian dish. You have to taste it to believe it!
Bihari Badi Kadi
Bihari kadhi is special because of that ingredient called Badi! Badi is nothing but gram flour dumplings that are fried in oil. Place already prepared Badi in Kadhi, at least an hour before serving; the delicious factor will increase multi-fold after this.
Nimki
This is a salty and crunchy snack. This snack is made from dough of flour and salt. Roll the dough into a sheet and cut the sheet into small diamonds shape. Fry all the pieces. This finger food comes in very handy when you have nothing easier to munch onto!Craig Stinson will oversee the chamber's day-to-day operations
A Wilmington native with 20 years of experience at nonprofit organizations around the U.S. has been tapped to lead the Greater Topsail Area Chamber of Commerce.
Craig Stinson will oversee the chamber's day-to-day operations, including its membership services and fundraising efforts. He also will market and promote tourism for the Topsail area.
Stinson was hired about a month ago. The chamber, which advocates on behalf of area businesses, was led by an interim director for about three years, he said.
The new director will beef up the chamber's membership and establish new marketing techniques geared toward attracting visitors during the off-season, he said.
The chamber provides services for businesses and organizations in Pender and Onslow counties, including North Topsail Beach, Surf City, Sneads Ferry and Holly Ridge.
"The goal is to be out in the community working with municipalities and businesses to help make this a great organization," Stinson said. "We'll work to build a marketing plan - some of which will be website upgrades - and build an infrastructure to promote the area, not only for visitors, but also for residents."
The board recently approved a plan to redesign the organization's website, a move that is expected to promote visitor interest in the Topsail area.
The new director also hopes to bring together executives from area chambers of commerce and connect with national and state professional associations, such as the American Chamber of Commerce Executives, to put best practices to work for the organization.
"I'm a big proponent for using professional associations to help guide us," Stinson said. "We and other chamber executives have some shared values and interests, like the natural environment, the integrity of the beaches and access to the area."
The chamber may consider offering individual memberships to those in the area who have retired, but still want to be involved in the business community, he said.
"We'd like to find ways for people to get involved," he said.
Stinson, a graduate of the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, served as the director of advancement for the University of Texas at San Antonio's Institute of Texan Cultures before returning to Wilmington in September.
His experience at nonprofit groups includes grant writing, marketing, fundraising and volunteer management.
The 42-year-old father of three also has worked at various museums and cultural organizations, such as The Alamo and the Smithsonian Institution.
"We've been heading over to my grandmother's house for dinners on Sundays and Mondays," he said. "Texas was nice, but it's great to be at home around family."
Cassie Foss: 343-2365
On Twitter: @WilmOnFilmNot only is today A to Z Challenge's day 5, or the blog theme Letter E, but it's Celebrate the Small Things Friday! And I could not be more grateful for today's E word:
ELECTRONICS!
Yes. Thomas Alva Edison's genius invention has morphed from the awe-inspiring light bulb, to the brilliantly conceived smart phone, and all electronic gadgets in between. A special few make my must-have list and today I celebrate them.
First up:
Enter my second honoree:
Oh, yes. This mama cannot live without her triple-shot espresso mocha, and bless the person that gets between her and it, 'cause they're going to need all the prayers they can get. And while caffeine is firing me up inside, my third charm is keeping my outside warm:
I love my caped heaped pad. Writing is a sedentary occupation. Blood tends to settle rather than surge leading to shivers—and jitters if buzzed enough on caffeine. This simple device helps keep me warm, and thus my shoulders, neck, and arms relaxed, which helps prevent muscle cramps, headaches, and digit numbness, a not uncommon problem for people who work using my fourth enchantment:
Yes, the ever amazing and increasingly crucial computer. How on earth did Edison ever keep his ideas and facts straight without it?
And fifth but not least on my small blessings list, my Blackberry.
I came late to the smart phone craze, but that in no way diminishes its power over me. Twitter, Facebook, text—the photos used to develop this blog, and illustrate this post. How on earth did I ever manage without it?
What are your small blessings, or must-haves? Please share in the comments.
D.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. ~C. Malesherbez
8 comments:
We can't imagine what our lives would be like without electricity. Even my children, when they were little, thought they could still watch T.V., when the lights went out, during a thunder storm. Today's children would be walking around like zombies, bleary eyed without their electronics. Oh wait, they do that now, 'with' the electronics. lol Great post.
Kathy at Oak Lawn Images
What a different life people of long ago had without the miracles of electronics. I am sure they led happy lives without them despite how much we have come to depend on them.
Kathy
Hi Kathy(s)...
I know. Electricity is a relatively new concept, yet like the air humans have breathed for centuries, almost as necessary to survival. Try starting a fire in your urban backyard to roast dinner, or boil water for laundry--you'll be rousted by the by-law officer in no time!
Thank you for stopping by. I love having new visitors. :)
D.
Okay, I'm totally jealous of your heated cape-thingy. Where did you get it? Please don't say it's a Canadian thing--I think I need one! :)
It's not a Canadian thing. Google, Sunbeam caped heating pad; I'm sure you'll be able to order it online. :)
We just got a coffee machine for Christmas and we love it! Great set of blessings.
I'm grateful for my electronics, too. Every now and then I hear people complain about the internet and how they want nothing to do with it, and I just think they're stubborn and/or insane. The internet is the single most powerful thing to happen in the last 100 years (though I guess you need electricity to run it!)
Vik, congratulations on your coffee machine!
Nickie...Electronics and the Internet are pretty cool things--we could not do _this_ without them.
Thank you both so much for stopping by!Jetradar will find you the cheapest airfare for Novyj Urengoj – Dushanbe by comparing the costs of flights to Dushanbe using 45 agencies, five booking systems, and 728 airlines. Where exactly you buy tickets for Novyj Urengoj – Dushanbe is up to you.
Please keep in mind that, depending on the number of days remaining until your departure, the price of a ticket for Novyj Urengoj – Dushanbe could change by more than 0%.
Jetradar suggests purchasing tickets for Novyj Urengoj – Dushanbe in advance so you can choose your flight conditions and focus on your preferences and financial capabilities.
Also view:
Least expensive flight from Novyj Urengoj to Dushanbe found by our users over the last 48 hours: ticket with S7 Airlines with a departure on 13.04.2018 and a cost of 273 US dollars . Find this ticketChris, hows about adding me to this project, my s'forge username is cduncan.
Advertising
Thanks. -Casey --- Chris Withers <[EMAIL PROTECTED]> wrote: > Matt Hamilton wrote: > > > > > if index1 is in SQL and index2 is in ZODB, for > example, how would you > > > go about efficiently combining results? > > > > Is there not a set datatype in python that could > be used? > > There is, but what would happen if index1 returned > 25,000 results and index2 > returned 250 and you were going to AND the results. > Pouring the sets into Python > data structures all the time doesn't sound too > efficient... > > I favour the idea of having several 'engines', like > MySQL has table handlers, > and letting the user pick which one they want to > use. > > I'm gonna try all this out at: > > > > Admittedly, > > most of the stuff in MG is about textual searches > rather than exact > > searches > > Yeah, but that's the most difficult thing ;-) > > > (it can do boolean searches too, but the book is > mainly about > > ranking). > > Please god tell me they cover phrase matching :-S > > [snip headf*ck] > > Urm, maybe they'll take it a little slower than > that? ;-) > > cheers, > > Chris > > __________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Buy the perfect holiday gifts at Yahoo! Shopping. _______________________________________________ Zope-Dev maillist - [EMAIL PROTECTED] ** No cross posts or HTML encoding! ** (Related lists - )Alleged serial rapists of nine women arrested in Lagos
The suspects
Four suspected members of a robbery gang, who allegedly raped nine women in Lagos State have been arrested by the Rapid Response Squad of the State Police command.
A statement by the police yesterday said Sunday John, a 27-year-old leader of the gang and serial rapist, arrested at Charity Bus Stop, Oshodi, confessed to have led three other members to rape the women in the last two weeks.
The suspect, a bus conductor in Oshodi, was reportedly arrested at Charity Bus Stop around 5:38am on Wednesday in company of his three-gang members by the decoy team of the Rapid Response Squad. The gang members are Saviour Daniel (23), Daniel Olayemi (18) and Abdulwahab Yusuph (17).
The statement said according to the police.
Olayemi, in his disclosure to investigators, revealed that they were four in John’s gang. He noted that in the last two weeks, the gang robbed 12 passersby and raped no fewer than nine ladies in the bush at Charity Bus Stop.
Confirming the arrest, the Police Public Relations Officer, Dolapo Badmos, said the suspects had made very useful suggestions to enable the police arrest other group members implicated in the crime. The suspects have been transferred to SCID for further investigations.Reading mode: Light Dark
One of these must go: D600 or D800. Which one?
Started Mar 13, 2014 | Discussions thread
Re: You have to decide based on
In reply to T O Shooter • Mar 13, 2014
T O Shooter wrote:
Should be an easy choice. Why do you think anyone on here can help you decide??
IA turn-on fluorescence probe for imaging iodide in living cells based on an elimination reaction.Fanpeng Kong, Xiaoyue Meng, Ranran Chu, Kehua Xu, Bo TangChemical communications2015Based on a unique elimination reaction prompted by the iodide ion, a novel turn-on fluorescence probe (HCy-OMe-Br) has been developed for the first time. The probe emits in the near infrared region with a large Stokes shift, and can respond rapidly to iodide with high selectivity and sensitivity.The offer made by Oracle to buy BEA Systems for $17.00 a share (total value $6.6 billion) is one that could change the current state of the software development market. Currently BEA Systems board is refusing the proposal, stating that it undervalues the company. The stock market thinks also that the price could be higher as the closing price of BEA shares last week was above $18, even is some analysts declared that Oracle proposed price was high.
What benefits could Oracle achieve with this deal? Technically, it will acquire Web server and transaction monitoring software expertise. Even if Oracle has already its own set of products competing with BEA Systems, its technical reputation is a little bit lower in this area. Financially, the acquisition could provide additional revenues, a strategy Oracle has followed these past years with PeopleSoft and other targets. In this area, Oracle seems to transform itself in a Computer Associates-like company, more driven by financial interests than technical capabilities.
Even if it is only a “mid-size” company, BEA Systems is not a small fish in the software market and there are not many companies that can afford to buy it. So what are the other players that could enter this game? Oracle main competitor, SAP, has just announced the acquisition of Business Objects and is usually looking for more business oriented targets. IBM could be interested, but then there is many products overlap between the two companies that will make integration difficult. HP could be another possible acquirer, as it is currently trying to increase the software part of its revenues. Its interest will depend on the price to pay and how its current digestion of former acquisitions like Mercury and Peregrine is progressing. Finally, Computer Associates could also jump in the process if the price is right, but this is difficult as BEA Systems has not released audited financial figures for a long time, due to stock option issues.
In the winners side of this situation, we could certainly find IBM and JBoss, as uncertainty about the future of a company is always a strong topic that buyers will consider when the look for their Web server. Losers will be BEA Systems customers, because company executives will be distracted by the battle and that a change of ownership always rise questions on the future roadmap of the products and the availability of knowledgeable people to provide some support.
There are many probabilities that the following actions of Oracle proposal will be on the financial area. It will be interesting to see if BEA Systems shareholders will resist selling their shares and if Oracle will slightly increase its price so that everybody could look satisfied at the end. Hint: Oracle rarely takes “no” for a correct answer to its bids.FAQs: Public Liability Insurance
Public Liability Insurance for Neighbourhood Watch schemes 2017-18: Frequently Asked Questions some additional cover at a very competitive premium, ensuring that we value the roles which volunteers undertake across the movement. Two such additions include.
If you have any general enquiries regarding this insurance, please contact the Neighbourhood & Home Watch Network by emailing enquiries@ourwatch.org.uk or telephoning 0116 402 6111.
If your enquiry is more policy-specific, please contact Access Insurance on:
T: 0333 344 7429 | E: neighbourhoodwatch@accessinsurance.co.uk
Access Insurance office is open for enquires – Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pmCrews prepare Washington Monument for lighting
Monument lighting ushers in Christmas season in Baltimore
Each year, thousands gather at the Washington Monument for the lighting, which has become the official beginning of the holiday season in Baltimore.
Mobile users tap here to watch video
Crews put up the last strands of Christmas lights on the Washington Monument on Wednesday in preparation for the 43rd annual lighting. What started out as a neighborhood celebration has become a Baltimore City Christmas tradition.
"It's just a small neighborhood event. It was people who lived in the area who came out with candles and sang carols. It was just a great community thing and we believe Mayor (William Donald) Schaefer formalized it into the event that we know it, and over the years, it has just gotten bigger and better and we've added fireworks and we have a holiday village with really great food vendors and craftsmen," said Mike Evitts, spokesman for the Downtown Partnership of Baltimore.
Baltimore Gas and Electric is again providing the more than 16,000 lights that are strung from the top of the monument to the base.
"These are LED lights, which means they are highly energy efficient, they last for many years and they require less maintenance, so this is a great way to save energy and save money," said Ruth Kiselewich, with BGE.
The monument is undergoing a $5.5 million restoration that crews wrapped up for the lighting.
"We've worked very hard to make sure that the construction, the major work on the outside, was done before the lighting of the monument so the scaffolding could come down and we could light it as usual," said Lance Humphries, with the Mount Vernon Place Conservancy.
Part of the job is a new process to secure the Christmas lights to the monument.
"The clamping system now doesn't bolt to the structure. There are 28 clamps, they're friction mounted, no mooring. We'll be able to hook these up and take them off with no permanent damage to the structure," said George Wilk II, with Lewis Contractors.
The celebration begins at 5:30 p.m. Thursday, and the big question each year is what color will the lights be?
"I can't tell you. You'll have to watch or come down and see. They alternate every year and this year, who knows?" Evitts said.
For those not heading to the lighting in person, you can watch a special presentation of "A Monumental Occasion" a 7 p.m. on WBAL-TV 11.Ostensibly I have seven novels on the go. Ostensibly. The reality is that two of them are with test readers, one of them is sitting untouched (for 8 months) on my hard drive, two of them are no more than a summary, and two of them are on my to-edit list this summer. So, actually, right now I have no novels on the go.
This would be grand in most circumstances. Particularly if those circumstances were: agent man is looking for more books to sell. But I don't have an agent, or a single book sold, or even time to query any of the books that are works-in-progress.
Instead, I am revising a thesis. There are few things I dislike more than academic editing. I can think of a few, but most of them involve death and dismemberment. I am not an avid editor, but I can just about manage with fictional editing; academic editing is another kettle of fish (barrel of monkeys?). I spent five months last year editing this thesis, and now I'm spending another five months editing this thesis, and in many ways I am simply taking what I already changed once and changing it again (sometimes back to what it was originally!). I am bored and disheartened and thoroughly, thoroughly, frustrated with the whole thing. As usual with editing, one edit changes five other things, or you remember that if you reword this you have to go find that other sentence 10k words later and reword it too. It's awful. But it's revisions, and just like editing a novel, it has to get done.
But in many ways, I'm lucky. I have nothing else to do with my time except plug away on this, so in many ways it is not very stressful. That's not to say it isn't stressful. It is. Anything on which your future career lies engenders stress. This is not, however, as stressful as the first round of edits was last autumn where my feeling was 'it's utter shite, what am I going to do?' Now it's a matter of considering 'well, they told me it wasn't shite, so I just have to take it from being acceptable to being good'. That means less stress as well.
I had no idea what I was doing the first time. No one does, the first time they write a thesis. I had about three different research questions and it took - what felt like - forever to figure out which one was the actual one (jury is still out on whether it was the right one). Even at the end I was still stressing about whether it was a good research question. So that stress is gone now, for which I am very grateful. And yet, some little niggling voice in my head still thinks maybe there was another way. I try not to give it much voice time.
So, I plug away, slowly but surely. When before I editing whole sections in a day, now I go one paragraph at a time. I am hoping that is a good thing. That I am being even more dedicated and careful. Time will only tell. What I do know is that it leaves me a lot of time for other things; things that reduce my lower stress even further and that I - mostly - enjoy.
Next week, look for a review of the Royal Ontario Museum's new blockbuster exhibition 'Pompeii: In the Shadow of the Volcano', and possibly some future ramblings about supervising and consultancy. Because apparently that is a thing I now do.The President and his family are at Oyster Bay seeking rest and privacy
Library of Congress Manuscript Division
Cartoon shows a media circus surrounding Sagamore Hill where the Roosevelt family has retired.
1902-07-13
The President and his family are at Oyster Bay seeking rest and privacy.
Theodore Roosevelt Papers.
Library of Congress Manuscript Division..
Theodore Roosevelt Digital Library. Dickinson State University.
Link to other styles
Cartoon
U.S. President - 1st Term (September 1901-February 1905)
The Columbus Dispatch
Library of Congress Manuscript Division
These images are presented through a cooperative effort between the Library of Congress and Dickinson State University. No known restrictions on publication.
Printed
1Your Local Scheme
Enable
Baildon street & glenville grove
Scheme information
Creating a safer and more pleasant area to live for residents of Glenville Grove & Baildon Street
- the scheme doesn't have a website
-
Scheme Website
Scheme coordinator
Jennifer Tan
Having lived on Baildon Street for 3 years and becoming part of an informal network of neighbours, I decided to formalise our group in order to encourage new residents to join and in the hope of maintaining a peaceful, safe and pleasant area for all.We had a super tight dead line to design and print these shirts, but thanks to my team everybody did what they had to do and we made it happen.
Look @ that smile on my face...
Priceless.
Big shout out to my homie Clyde from InsideTheSneakerBox.com for getting me involved in the project, special thanks to my #1 designer Adam @ Cushy Gigs Creative for lacing the design last minute, my good friend Joe over @ TMSC for staying up late late late night helping me crank out the prints, a very special thanks to Danny, Carlos and the rest of the Sole Fly team for putting together a such a unique once in a life time event and last but not least thanks to man Tinker Hatfield for letting me pick his brain and just kick it with me for a minute, a special moment in my career that i'll never forget.
Respect.
And oh yea... He signed my Concords!
Thanks Tinker!Iconic drag queen Carmen has died aged 75.
The one-time stripper, gay rights advocate and former Wellington mayoral candidate had suffered months of poor heath and finally succumbed to kidney failure.
When I was writing some posts about March, 1973 I came across ads for Carmen’s niteclub The Balcony which was located at 57a Victoria Street in Wellington. 57a Victoria Street is now the Wellington Public Library where I went today to read about Carmen. I have read Carmen’s autobiography before (Having a Ball), but for some reason I never got around to posting about this book, and the woman who wrote it (or, to be more honest, who had it written up for her). It was a frustrating time at the library. The copy of the Listener that has a review of her Red Mole Revue was missing, and the microfiche reel for the Dominion during the month Bob Jones orchestrated Carmen’s run at the mayoralty in 1977 had also disappeared..
Driving home after my failed trip to the library I filmed this clip. Victoria, Vivian and Cuba Street were Carmen’s stomping grounds in Wellington in the 60s and 70s. She set up and closed down numerous businesses. The most famous were The Balcony and her International Coffee Lounge. None of these places exist anymore. Even the buildings are gone in most cases. The Egyptian, Carmen’s Down Town, Cleopatra’s Coffee Lounge, The Peacock.
I went chasing ghosts.
Here is an obituary from a friend of Carmen’s which made me sad, and here is a clip taken very recently.
So long, Carmen.
I hope they raise a glass for you on Vivian Street tonight.
10 thoughts on “Carmen”
I actually backed Red Mole people at The Balcony – they were doing a caberet thing. I played bass. I also visited The Balcony one night as a (rather pissed) guest.
Seems like another lifetime now.
I remember as a school-kid a few of us were out late one night after some kind of school do. We walked along Vivian Street and were peering through the doors of Carmen’s notorious establishment when she appeared from behind us and in a deep voice said “Good evening boys. Are you looking for some excitement, or should I say ‘Sexcitement’?” We skedaddled, no doubt to her amusement.
R.I.P. Trevor. The world needs characters like you
I remember that, as a college kid, it was a big deal to sneak past the Purple Onion and study the billboards with their photos of topless ladies whose breasts were strategically covered with stars. Hot stuff for a fifteen year old – I didn’t know anything about transvestites in those days.
Carmen evidently had a great line for any male patron who might be in a troublesome mood,
“Do you want a f**k or a fight? I can give you both.”
Well, someone told me that’s what she sometimes said.
Sure. Someone “told you”.
So, Richard of RBB, which option did you choose?
Stop picking on me, you lot! It wasn’t me.
Before I left NZ I lived in a large 12 bedroom house in Moxham Ave that Carmen had owned in the late 1970s- which she apparently ran as a brothel- it is a magnificent house that feels like it’s lived the crazy wonderful life.
This is really interesting to listen to:
Wow, all I can say is that I lived a very sheltered existence as a kid in Scotland.. I had no idea that NZ was such a swinging, open society in the 60s
Nicola, yes. I was just reading about it in her book. It was a brothel. She has some good stories to tell about Moxham Ave.
Good old Carmen. I tii recall her beign a prominent Wellington icon in my teenage days.
I seem to recall she turend up topless to a meeting at the Wellignton racecousre in trentham once. Why? Becasue she could becasue seh was not technically a male. Ha ha.
Carment was really one for pushing the boundaries. We hardly bat an eyelid when we see trannies around now, such is our crazy world.UFC Fight Night 95 took place this past Saturday night at the Nilson Nelson Gymnasium in Brasilia, Brazil and was headlined by Cristiane “Cyborg” Justino improving to 2-0 in the UFC with a TKO victory over Lina Lansberg.
According to Nielson sources, the preliminary card on FS1 (8-10p ET) averaged 838,000 viewers and 417,000 viewers in the Adult 18-49 demographic. This is up 73 percent on viewership (vs. 485,000) and 47 percent among Adult 18-49 (vs. 283,000), compared to the most recent September FS1 Fight Night preliminary card (9/5/14). The prelims for UFC Fight Night 94 are the third most-watched FS1 UFC Fight Night prelims this year.
Following the conclusion of the preliminary card, the main card on FS1 (10p-1a ET) delivered an average audience of 1,109,000 viewers and this is up 32 percent from last year’s UFC Fight Night card in September on FS1 (841k, 9/26/15). The fight card peaked at 1,326,000 viewers during the 12:45-1a ET quarter hour (Cyborg vs. Lansberg) and the main card is the fourth most-watched card on FS1 this year.
After the fight card concluded, the post fight show aired on FS1 and came in with an average audience of 348,000 viewers. This is the fourth-most watched UFC Fight Night post fight show this year and the fifth-most watched overall.
UFC Fight Night 95: 1,109,000Apple Pay still struggles to displace cash and cards in the U.S., but its recent integration with Western Union shows the mobile wallet has some untapped potential.
Only 13% of iPhone users have ever used the mobile wallet, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal citing research by Loup Ventures. With those low numbers, many might wonder why Western Union would go through the trouble of adding Apple Pay to its digital channels (Western Union has supported Apple Pay at its agent locations for some time).
As it turns out, there is some decent overlap of Apple Pay users and Western Union customers. According to Tim Sloane, vice president of payments innovation at Mercator Advisory Group, 29% of Apple Pay users aged 18 and up also utilize Western Union.
Bloomberg NewsBloomberg News
“While initially I thought that the overlap between [Western Union] customers and Apple Pay customers would be relatively small, our Customer Monitor Survey Series … indicates my assumption is incorrect,” said Sloane.
This finding puts Western Union in line with the roughly one-third of US merchants accepting Apple's mobile payment scheme.
iPhone users typically have higher incomes and higher average ticket prices when they shop, and they shop more often than groups with other handsets, said Sloane. “So that should make Western Union happy,” he said.
For Western Union, the decision was all about pleasing that portion of the market, which tend to be very loyal customers, said Khalid Fellahi, senior vice president and senior manager of Western Union digital.
“If we can eliminate a couple steps in the registration process or the transaction for our customers or allow them to manage more easily their cards in one place without having to change that within our app, this brings customers a lot more convenience and doesn’t change anything in the economics of the transaction for us,” Fellahi said. “And we estimated that this population was big and important enough to provide them with this convenience.”
As with other Apple Pay integrations, Western Union allows the mobile wallet to stand in for the manual entry of payment card information, as well as supporting Touch ID fingerprint authentication.
Even if Apple Pay usage for remittances is still lower than other funding methods, according to Fellahi, Western Union wants to stay “ahead of the pack in testing new payment methods because you never know when things are going to take off and have much bigger adoption.”
Talie Baker, an analyst with Aite Group’s retail banking and payments practice, acknowledges that this is probably Western Union’s main reason for supporting Apple Pay.
“Western Union invests a lot in innovation to keep up with the smaller startup disruptors in the space, and they do some really cool stuff technology wise that help them remain a market leader,” Baker said. “Although Apple Pay has been slow gaining momentum in the U.S., as consumers become more familiar with digital payments there will be greater adoption of the technology.”
And it looks as if Western Union’s audience is becoming more tech-savvy. According to Western Union's internal research, its web and mobile business is the fastest-growing segment. Transactions on WU.com grew 28% from the third to fourth quarter of 2016 and its consumer-to-consumer revenue increased 27% on WU.com over the same period.
While Fellahi wouldn’t share specific numbers on in-app Apple Pay adoption, he said customers are using it and satisfied. The initial patterns show the user demographic skewing towards millennials that already use their mobile device to initiate payments elsewhere, he said.
The company plans to roll out the in-app Apple Pay service in the U.K. soon, and also has a strategy for supporting other mobile wallets including Android Pay and Samsung Pay.“No place for hooligans in 2010”
09/12/2009 at 12:09 6 comments
Football hooligans from for instance Europe will not be able to come to South Africa during the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Home Affairs Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma affirmed during a press conference on Tuesday.
She said an advance passenger processing system was put in place to bar such people from entering South Africa. South Africa in this respect is working closely together with the authorities of countries that have a history of hooliganism, such as the UK, The Netherlands, and Germany.
“The advanced passenger processing [APP] system allows us to bar undesirable elements from entering South Africa before boarding from various countries,” she said.
In addition, the department of Home Affairs will work together with Interpol, international travel agencies and FIFA to monitor for the possible entry of soccer hooligans. It is said that 79 percent of all airlines flying to South Africa during 2010 have pledged their cooperation.
More 2010 World Cup News on Twenty10:
- German in court for bomb scare
- FAQ: safety and security during 2010 world cup
- World cup match schedule
- 2010 good for S-African businesses
- South Africa: special courts for 2010
- $33.333 a day for 2010 crash pad
Entry filed under: Uncategorized. Tags: 2010, 2010 fifa world cup, 2010 south africa world cup, 2010 world cup, 2010 world cup blog, 2010 world cup news, crime 2010 south africa world cup, freelance journalist cape town, freelance journalist south africa, hooliganism, hooliganism 2010 fifa world cup, hooligans, hooligans 2010, hooligans south africa world cup, match schedule 2010 world cup, matches 2010 word cup south africa, safety security 2010 worl cup south africa, safety security world cup 2010, safety world cup 2010, south africa 2010 hooligans.
6 Comments Add your own
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed
1. Cape Town Stadium completed « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 16/12/2009 at 23:13
[…] "No place for hooligans in 2010" […]
2. Table Mountain a 2010 billboard? « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 22/12/2009 at 10:10
[…] Cape Town Stadium completed […]
3. Scramble for world cup base camps « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 26/12/2009 at 10:35
[…] Cape Town Stadium completed […]
4. Greenpoint’s maiden match on Jan 23 « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 06/01/2010 at 12:29
[…] “No place for hooligans in 2010″ […]
5. 700.000 ticket applications for 2010 « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 06/01/2010 at 14:48
[…] “No place for hooligans in 2010″ […]
6. And MORE basecamps for 2010! « South Africa 2010 Soccer World Cup | 24/01/2010 at 19:49
[…] South Africa: “No place for hooligans during 2010 world cup″ […]Top: Primark
Trousers: River Island
Hey everyone :). Thought I would liven up my usually plain background that I used for photos by relocating to in front of the Christmas tree! May I add that the tree was decorated by moi, I take great pride in carefully placing every bauble and ribbon..!
I wore this simple outfit to go Christmas shopping today on my day off. Some may say that most Christmas shopping should be done by now, which is probably true, but I seem to work best under pressure generally. HOWEVER, today I came back with only wrapping paper and some sweets from Poundland, when I had gone there intending to buy 3 different people’s presents. This = panic mode and fury at self. The only positive is that I’m furious with myself whilst eating Cadbury’s Animal Biscuits.
Moving on, the top is quite old but is an old favourite because the little velvety collar instantly makes a casual outfit a bit nicer. The trousers are River Island’s answer to disco pants, and even though they are a little long on me, I love them and they are really comfy and flattering. xx
I love the top x
Love your top - soooo pretty! And nice tree too. ;) x
Love the tree and the outfit too! I still haven't finished my shopping yet either, I only have boys left to buy for which makes it even harder! xxx
Amazing poses! You look great! =)
I love your Christmas tree! Nicely done! We didn't get a Christmas tree this year, we'll prepare for the next time around.
Christmas Eve is tomorrow! Enjoy ♥
♥Carrie
Woah I LOVE your trousers! Nice post.
Happy new year!
Eva xoProperty Location With a stay at Banan Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Battambang, convenient to Battambang Museum and University of Battambang. This .....
Battambang Museum - 1.3 km / 0.8 mi University of Battambang - 3.5 km / 2.1 mi Ek Phnom Temple - 6.3 km / 3.9 mi Phnom Sampeau - 14.1 km / 8.8 mi
The preferred airport for Banan Hotel is Siem Reap (REP-Siem Reap Intl.) - 74.9 km / 46.5 mi.
Save a fortune by booking your stay at top budget brand hotels
Looking for certain type of hotels, search your destination by hotel types and select the right type.
There is a countries list of favourite destinations here.Anton Vredegoor wrote: ... > How about this code: > > a = alwaysssortedlist(range(10)) > a[5] = 20 > > What's the use of assigning to a specific list position if the object > could end up being in some other place? For an always-sorted list, this clearly means: replace the currently sixth-lowest item with the value 20. More generally, a[i] always means "the (i+1)-th lowest item" -- referencing it no doubt going to be useful much more often than replacing it, and value of i different from the extremes (say 0, 1, -1) are going to be rare. But, so what? One can surely imagine use cases (if one can for any use of an "always-sorted list" rather than sorting on request). For example: "if there is any occurrence of 20 in the list, then replace the immediately-smaller item (if any, i.e., unless 20 is the smallest) with another copy of the value 20". I.e.: try: i = a.index(20) except ValueError: print "value 20 is not in the list" else: if i==0: print "value 20 is in the list, but it's the smallest" else: a[i-1] = 20 I don't think I've ever needed to code this kind of thing in production-code, but it doesn't seem particularly far-fetched to me. Why else, except for such kinds of uses, would one want a listoid that's _always_ sorted, rather than a cheaper heap (see module heapq) or a list that's sorted on request...? AlexSales Team
Scott Dozier
Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Alliance Benefit Group (ABG)
As the vice president of sales and marketing, Scott Dozier is dedicated to developing new relationships and business to increase retirement plan market share in Houston and the surrounding areas. Scott has worked in finances and retirement for the past fifteen years as a retirement plan consultant, financial advisor, financial planner, and financial analyst. In those roles, he provided retirement plan technical consultancy, investment advisory, and large bank, commodity, and oil and gas transactions oversight. He says the need for such advice is great; many business owners and plan sponsors have a knowledge gap that requires in-depth consulting with administrators such as ABG. He hopes his work, always done in integrity and with the idea that people and businesses should be treated as one wishes to be treated, will provide the care and education needed so that people can make informed decisions and rest easy with their retirement plans. He has a BBA from the University of Houston.
Scott enjoys spending his free time with his children and his friends. As a Houston resident, he is a dedicated Texans fan, and, as a Texan, he makes sure to enjoy good BBQ at the Goode Co. BBQ. He says, “There are other BBQ places out there, but Goode clearly exhibits Texas culture, taste, and the joy of good BBQ. They also have the best pecan pie in the world!”
Dan Hyatt
Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Alliance Benefit Group (ABG)
Dan Hyatt believes in doing business the right way or not at all. He has been a retirement plan sales consultant and a sales representative in both the retirement plan and insurance industries for 10+ years. In his current role as a vice president of sales and marketing, he is committed to creating customized solutions for employers and helping them assist their employees to reach their retirement goals. He has been instrumental in creating 401K/403B, Simple, SEP, Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution plans and finds the entire retirement plan industry fascinating. In fact, he says he is a “retirement plan geek.” He has a Bachelor’s degree from Southern Methodist University and an Executive MBA from University of Texas San Antonio.
Dan is an avid fan of Broadway shows and enjoys sharing his free time with his friends and family. He is also accomplished at shooting sport clays. He enjoys eating at Grey Moss Inn or Silo in San Antonio.
Dustin Edwards
Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Alliance Benefit Group (ABG)
Dustin Edwards believes in doing business with integrity and ethics. He enjoys meeting people, creating new relationships, and helping to solve problems. He celebrates the fact that what he does can help change lives and helps people retire the way they want to. There is a retirement crisis in America and he is blessed with an opportunity to help make a difference by helping employers provide the right retirement plan solutions for their employees and themselves. He has been working in the retirement plan industry for 5 years and has been privileged to work with top retirement focused advisors to provide investment knowledge, sales ideas, tools, and resources to help build their businesses. He has a Bachelor’s degree from Texas State University in Finance and Accounting.
Dustin enjoys sports, especially football, since he played in college. He currently participates in baseball, softball, sand volleyball, basketball, and kickball leagues. He is a big supporter of Houston’s sports teams and enjoys outdoor activities like snow skiing, water skiing, fishing, and camping.Search Thousands of Free / Paid Demo classes based on your interest.
Book and attend a demo class. Write a review and avail exclusive discounts.
Enroll in the class through classboat and receive further cash backs.
Discover, try & enroll in 10000+ classes around you
Learn More.
Beginner.
Build your knowledge of yoga postures and techniques in this yoga instructor’s course. Learn both practical and theoretical knowledge so that you can expertly and confidently teach people yoga. Gain the required knowledge to become a qualified yoga trainer.
Gain the knowledge you will need to be a competent medical yoga therapist in this course. Learn both theory and practical so that you can confidently design programs for individuals that seek out your help for getting healthier. Start a fulfilling career as a yoga therapist so that you can help people as a whole instead of treating a specific symptom or illnesses.
Naturopathy uses alternative medicines such as diet control, exercise and massage to successfully treat a person without the use of drugs. Join this naturopathy and yoga certificate course and gain the knowledge and skills to become a confident practitioner in this field. Help people start on their road to recovery with the basics you will acquire in this course.
Get your certificate in naturopathy and yoga from the comforts of your home, in this distance education course. Two field that complement each other as practices believe in alternative ways to cure people of their illnesses rather than the use of drugs. Study these field in depth to gain the knowledge you will need to confidently become a therapist/trainer in this field.
Start a meaningful career in alternative medicines with this diploma in naturopathy and yoga. Learn alternative methods to curing people of their ailments and illnesses, whether it is body massage, acupressure or yoga asanas. Get a complete education so that you can confidently start in this field.
An exciting aerial yoga class, where you can learn the fundamentals for all aerial fitness courses. If you are looking for something outside of the norm for your exercise regime, then this class is perfect for you. This 4 day course will enable you to teach 3 specific classes to your students, upon completion.
Beginner Intermediate.
Embark on this journey to becoming a yoga instructor with the knowledge and skills you can acquire in this yoga course. Gain your theory and practical knowledge, so you can easily explain to people the benefits of each asana. Help people become fit and healthy using traditional yoga methods.
Pregnancy Yoga Teacher Course is long-established course is taught with love and passion by a joyful, committed team of excellent and highly experienced trainers.Join Pregnancy Yoga Teacher Course at Sky Yoga School of Awakening in Pimple Gurav.
Join this online yoga instructor course and become certified to teach others the benefits of yoga. Gain your theory and practical knowledge with this complete course. Get the training you need so that you easily help people hold each posture and explain the benefits to them. Become a yoga instructor with this certificate course.
Already a classboat member?
Don't have an account?
Already a classboat member?Historic Gordonsville, Inc.
Proudly presents its 6th Annual Halloween Scare-Fest
On the grounds of the Exchange Hotel Civil War Medical Museum.
400 South Main Street Gordonsville, Virginia 22942
All of your fears come to life as you encounter many creatures and spirits
straight from your nightmares.
The Exchange Hotel is ranked as the 15th “Most Haunted” location in the U.S.
so come and enjoy our historical location during the year’s most active season.
Dates:
Friday October 20 & Saturday October 21
Friday October 27 & Saturday October 28
The Trail and Tent of Torturous Terrors
Outdoor event
$10 per person
8:30pm – midnight - each night
Candlelight Tours of the Museum
Featuring ghost stories and tales of the paranormal
told by period dressed re-enactors
$10 per person
Children 8-12 yrs. $3
7yrs. & under FREE
8:00pm – 10:00pm - each night
For more info, call us at: 540.832.2944
*Refreshments and snacks available for purchase
* All proceeds go to the restoration of the interior of the depotAn Indiana high school basketball game between Griffith High and Hammond High was called off after a massive brawl.
An Indiana high school basketball game between Griffith and Hammond on Saturday night was called off after a massive brawl.
As Griffith's Anthony Murphy went up for a dunk to cap a fastbreak, Hammond's Tim Echoles fouled him hard into the padded wall along the baseline. Immediately, players and people from the stands flooded to the court, igniting the melee.
Echoles was ejected at the 5:32 mark in the first quarter with Griffith leading 4-0. Griffith police came onto the court to break up the fight, which apparently did not cause any serious injuries. The officers also obtained video of the brawl and are attempting to identify which adults may have thrown punches, reports nwitimes.com.
• Grizzlies' Twitter account trolls Hawks after win
Both schools are in the Indiana High School Athletic Association's Class 3A Hammond Sectional and could meet in the postseason.
The schools' junior varsity game that night also reportedly had several technical fouls called amid trash talking back and forth.
- Mike Fiammetta