First time writing theoritical essay on Freud Dream analysis. need some help.?
Im desperate for some tips on how to write an essay. I suffer from anxiety and depression which makes it difficult to conentrate adn understand what im reading but im wanting to do the best i can with this condition.so far Im trying to find reliable or good frew websites with information on history of dream analysis, info about mersmer, the symbols of dreams and techniques etc. I think this should be enough to cover 1500 words. It also has to be in third person and present tense which i tend to muck up so is their any tips on how to keep focused on the task while remembering to write in that tense. Im not sure exactly what they mean by present tense. Thanks for reading this and any help would be greatfull
-
-.
- Essay formats in terms of grammar? - Should you be consistent when you’re writing an essay. Like always stay in the past tense or present tense when you are writing an essay? or it depends? Should different paragraphs have different tense?
-<<
2 Responses so far.
Finding the websites is easy enough. Just relax, imagine that it is easy and trust God.Number one, learn to concentrate by paying particular attention to spelling. It will be great if you can spell correctly every word you encounter but is not required. However, it will help you tremendously when it comes time to utilize search engines and spell checkers. The goal is to train your intuition about words.Second, here are examples of the third person present tense. Before that, here is a breakdown of persons:Singular:1st I2nd you3rd he, she, or it (she-it!)Plural:1st we2nd you3rd theyThe present tense covers action happening now:He quickly writes (present tense), and does so extremely well.Anton Mesmer? He is (present tense) the father of modern hypnosis.She searches (present tense) for answers. He teaches (present tense) well his class.It is necessary for us to continue telling this story as if it is happening right now, eventhough it tells (present tense) events from a hundred years ago. (This last sentence was (past tense) a bit tricky. Sometimes you have to play mind games to get it right).First, write your paper by putting down your main ideas. Afterwards, as you read over it, check to see if it fits the pattern of the 3rd person present. Just think about telling what your Mom or Dad is doing right now without mentioning either by name.Earf!
[external link] …For the second straight month and fifth month out of six, reported crime in Pine Bluff dropped when compared to a year ago. According to the monthly report from the Pine Bluff Police Department, there were 365 crimes reported in June, 104 less than in June 2016, for a 22.17 percent decline.
Traditionally, residential burglaries show an increase in the summer when kids are not in school; however, last month, there were 52 such incidences reported, compared to 78 in June 2016.
“In the summer we tell our patrol division to focus on the residential areas and look for suspicious activity,” Assistant Pine Bluff Police Chief Kelvin Sergeant said. “I think that's one of the things that helped, and the Neighborhood Watch groups have been incredible calling us when they see something and being good neighbors.”
He said another factor that could be playing a part in the reduction is the number of activities that young people can participate in, such as the department's Police and Youth Camp, as well as a number of other entities who are conducting camps and the like.
“That gives a lot of these kids an opportunity to do productive things and keeps them off the streets,” Sergeant said.
So far this year, there have been 316 residential burglaries reported, which is 602 fewer than were reported in the first six months of 2016.
Sergeant said the Violent Crimes Task Force, which had been tasked with getting guns off the street and later will deal with reducing reported robberies, has now also been assigned to residential burglaries — an assignment they began about a week ago. While they have not produced significant results yet, Sergeant said he expects they will also play a part in trying to deter home burglaries over the next few weeks. Commercial burglaries in June increased from nine a year ago to 14 last month, while reported thefts dropped from 146 to 100; reported motor vehicle thefts jumped from 27 in June 2016 to 36 last month.
In terms of crime against persons, there were 14 robberies reported last month, four more than were reported in June 2016, while reported rapes or attempted rapes dropped from five in June 2016 to one last month. Both aggravated assaults and simple assaults showed drops last month, and Sergeant said the work of the Violent Crime Task Force may have played a part in that.
“They were moving some of the known bad guys out of areas and off the streets so they didn't have the opportunities to commit some of those assaults,” he said.
There were 114 simple assaults in June, compared to 149 a year ago, while aggravated assaults dropped from 41 to 32. There were two murders in June, half as many as in June 2016, but so far this year, there have been 15 inside the Pine Bluff city limits. That's five more than were reported all of last year.With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »,...Read More »Partner
Lawyer at the Paris Bar since 2003
Over and above my rock-solid command of all technical aspects surrounding business transfer and fund-raising cases, my priority is supporting my clients on a human scale throughout these processes, which is one aspect that tends to be overlooked and yet is so very crucial to ensuring a case is successful.
As a result of the experience she garnered working within major groups and family offices, Cécilia Della Berta shines through her in-depth knowledge of the business world. This experience allows her to take a hands-on, pragmatic approach to cases, getting to the bottom of parties' needs, from audit to implementation, with a view to handling and incorporating all parties' interests to the best of her ability.
Cécilia Della Berta has also honed specific expertise in cross-border transactions, a specialism she developed through periods spent studying abroad and through the cases she has handled over the past 14 years, spanning Asia, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, North Africa, Brazil and the United States, for French and foreign clients alike. Cécilia masters all specificities related to these complex operations, from an understanding of different legal systems and managing cultural differences in negotiations and beyond, to cooperating with colleagues abroad. Through the work she has carried out surrounding these operations, Cécilia has amassed a network of exclusive correspondents around the world.
Areas of expertise
• Mergers and acquisitions in France and abroad
• Capital investment
• Joint ventures
• Corporate and business law
• Chinese law
Contact Cécilia
Full CV
- January 2017 - present: Rivedroit Avocats – Partner
- 2015-2017: Adven Avocats: Partner
- 2013-2014: Alstom Holdings - Senior M&A Legal Officer
- 2011-2013: Mobilis (Family Office) - Senior M&A Legal Officer
- 2003-2011: Gide Loyrette Nouel – Lawyer - Mergers/Acquisitions Department/Corporate Law - Paris and Shanghai offices
- DESS post-graduate law degree in International Business Law, Université Jean Moulin Lyon III
- LL.M in International Business Law, University of Melbourne - Australia
- CAPA (bar examination), passed in 2002
- Trainer and coach at the Ecole Centrale d’Electronique (ECE), ECE Cube, and Schoolab incubators.
- Co-author of “Corporate Business Forms in Europe”, published by Sellier Editions European Law, 2005.ROCK: Rebooted
ROCK, Book four in the Hard Rock Harlots series, is the final new cover I want to share with you. What do you think about wild Letty and her sassy attitude? Check out the links below if you haven’t had the … er … pleasure of reading about Letty’s latest shenanigans.
Long live The Rock!
Book 4 in the Hard Rock Harlots series.UDM Hosts 25th Annual Safety Street
Pounds of Snickers, Reese’s, Hershey and Twix bars were handed out to brave little goblins and ghouls visiting University of Detroit Mercy for the 25th annual Safety Street.
The fun and safe trick-or-treating environment was held Oct. 24 on UDM's McNichols Campus. Area school children and their families were invited to this yearly free event.
Fraternities, sororities and student organizations participate in the fun evening by decorating booths for the children to trick-or-treat. UDM students in Halloween attire distributed candy to the children and also offered free face-painting during the event. The School of Dentistry gave out free toothbrushes, toothpaste and dental floss.
Visiting campus this year were students from the following Detroit schools: Bagley Elementary, Palmer Park Prep Academy, Bates Academy, David Ellis Academy, Fitzgerald Elementary, Foreign Language Immersion and Cultural Studies, Gesu Elementary, Glazer Elementary, Greenfield Union Elementary, Joy Prep Academy, Rutherford Elementary, International Prep Academy, Northpointe Academy, Vernor Elementary, Pasteur Elementary, Paul Robeson Academy, Schulze Academy-Middle School, St. Scholastica Parish Grade School, Thurgood Marshall Elementary and Stewart Elementary.
The University's School of Architecture (SOA) was the first to establish Safety Street for neighborhood children, but the event soon evolved to include the entire UDM community. Over 400 neighborhood children from grades K-5 attended Safety Street this year, dressed in their favorite costumes. It was once again a spooktacular celebration!For more information about the event, contact the Office of Student Life at 313-993-1150.Tidal Wave
Karmin
TIDAL WAVE Karmin INTRO Em-C-D-G (2X) VERSE 1 Em C When dreams can't wait a flood of fate G D Is breaking over all that we know Em C I know a place to go escape G D But lately I get lost on the road PRE-CHORUS Em C And I don't really know just how to say it G D We speak all day and never talk Em C Cause you and me were never complicated G D So how'd we end up on the rocks? CHORUS Em C The tidal wave is forcing us G To swim at a distance D Em So our love is washing away C G With all the push and pull we're caught up in D Em Can we brave the tidal wave? Em Oh oh oh oh can we brave C Oh oh oh oh the tidal wave? G Oh oh oh oh can we brave D Oh oh oh oh the tidal wave? VERSE 2 Em C I throw a line and every time G D I'm freaking out and sinking inside Em C I hope we find a ground that's high G D Just know my love will never subside PRE-CHORUS CHORUS (2X) End on EmSix armed persons in a skiff chased and fired upon a Sierra Leone-flagged product tanker underway.
22.04.2017: 1442 UTC: Posn: 05:42N – 048:53E,
Around 5.7nm East of Somali Coast, Somalia.
Six armed persons in a skiff chased and fired upon a Sierra Leone-flagged product tanker underway at 1442 UTC in position 05:42N – 048:53E, around 6nm East of Somali Coast (approx 30nm NNE of Hobyo), Somalia. As soon as this happened the Master raised the alarm and sent a distress message. This message was responded by a Spanish warship, Galicia. The skiff chased the tanker for nearly two hours and then moved away due to the continuous evasive manoeuvres. One crew was reported injured while he was firing a flare. Later on a report indicated that the Spanish Navy apprehended those alleged pirates however the number of pirates are still not stated.Download in PDF: MEDIA_CityHallWatch_MetroVan revokes approval to speak on RGS, 17-Feb-2011web
Read legal opinion by municipal lawyer on why Metro Van’s tactic of using a public hearing to block public input is not right. (Note also that the Public Hearing was done voluntarily by Metro Van, but is again being used to mute citizen access to decision-making.)
MEDIA RELEASE [CityHallWatch, Vancouver, February 17, 2011] Metro Vancouver made a surprise move yesterday by revoking its approval for a CityHallWatch delegation to speak and set the record straight on the Regional Growth Strategy’s potential to promote urban sprawl in West Vancouver. CityHallWatch had already been approved to present its facts this Friday at 9 a.m. to the Regional Planning Committee.
The move appears to be a last-minute attempt to prevent the mayors and councillors who are members of the Regional Planning Committee, which meets at 9 am on Friday, from hearing independent specialists who say that the RGS could permit urban sprawl all the way up the visible slope and over the ridges of Hollyburn Mountain in West Vancouver.
“Metro Vancouver is restricting the democratic right to speak. This does not bode well for the citizens of 22 municipalities in this region. Within weeks, if the Regional Growth Strategy enters into force, this organization will be given significantly more power over land use decisions for the next 30 years. We should be warning our Mayors and Councillors to rectify Metro Vancouver’s behaviour,” says Randy Helten, coordinator of CityHallWatch.
Metro Vancouver had already approved CityHallWatch’s request for five minutes to provide independent analyses of the potential urban sprawl impacts of the thirty-year Regional Growth Strategy on the highly visible slopes of West Vancouver. But according to a letter late yesterday from the Corporate Secretary, “…your acceptance as a delegation was made in error and has therefore been revoked,” and that instead, Metro “staff will clarify the location of the Urban Containment Boundary in West Vancouver.”
Despite this snub, CityHallWatch plans the following to provide information to media and the public:
- Metro Van Regional Planning Committee, Feb. 18 (Friday). 9 am: Our delegation will still attend the meeting as observers, and be prepared to make our presentation if invited to do so. We will also be available for media comment immediately after the meeting. (Metro Vancouver Head Office, 2nd Floor Boardroom, 4330 Kingsway, Burnaby)
- CityHallWatch Media Briefing, morning, Monday, Feb. 21, exact time and downtown Vancouver location to be announced.
- Today: CityHallWatch presentation intended for the Metro Van Regional Planning Committee will be made available on, along with related materials and responses to Metro Vancouver.
- Note that West Vancouver Council, at 7 pm on Feb. 21 (Monday): Council is expected to discuss the RGS. CityHallWatch plans to be in attendance and has requested to speak as a delegation.
CityHallWatch has confirmed with three independent specialists that the RGS could allow urban sprawl across the south face to the top of West Vancouver’s Hollyburn Ridge and all of Eagleridge Bluffs, and possibly beyond, to the boundaries of Cypress Park and the Capilano Watershed. These impacts are significantly contrary to staff replies to questions asked by the Board before the vote on Jan 14. A transcript of portions of the January 14 Metro Van Board meeting will be posted soon on..
###
Contact: citizenYVR@gmail.com,,
Pingback: Top 10 West Van news stories pegs Metro Vancouver RGS as #5 | MetroVanWatchClosing a Deadly Gateway
Tiger skin displayed and for sale at one of the many retail outlets for tiger products in Mong La, Myanmar, June 2010 – Adam Oswell/TRAFFIC November 21-24 in St. Petersburg, Russia..”
(From Big Cat News) trade:
This carpet is the saddest thing I ever saw. What a waste of a beautiful animal!
Sightsnbytes
March 28, 2012 at 9:16 amRising Rent Expectations Raise Vornado Realty Rating At Argus
Ahead of the quarterly results release from Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE: VNO), Argus upgraded the shares of the company amid expectations that the company would raise rents in New York despite rising supply, as demand trends remain solid.
Giving the geographical break-up, the firm noted that the New York market now accounted for 89 percent of Vornado's EBITDA, with 59 percent in office and 30 percent in retail. The remainder, according to the firm, came from its office properties in Chicago and San Francisco.
The firm also expects the company's results to benefit from the recent spin-off of the struggling Washington, D.C., segment.
Open an Ally Invest account and trade for as low as $3.95 per transaction.
As such, Argus upgraded shares of Vornado Realty from Hold to Buy and set a price target of $83.
At last check, shares of Vornado were trading higher by 0.92 percent at $74.74.
See also: A Gem Among Real Estate ETFs
Analyst Jacob Kilstein noted that the company is now pursuing a "prune-and-simplify" strategy following the spin-off of its malls and strip shopping centers in 2015. Despite the REIT sector facing the risk of higher interest rates for the next few quarters, the analyst said the company had earned the upgrade due to the recent pullback in its share price and the prospects for stronger performance following the D.C. spin-off.
To account for the impact of the Washington spin-off, Argus lowered its 2017 adjusted funds from operations per share forecast from $5.36 to $5.20 and its 2018 estimate from $5.59 to $3.99.
Latest Ratings for VNO
View More Analyst Ratings for VNO
View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Argus Jacob KilsteinAnalyst Color Upgrades Analyst Ratings Real Estate Best of Benzinga
© 2018 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.What to do, what to do??
It's not cold here by any stretch of the imagination (it's still upper 80s) but I would like to get started on some new pants for autumn/winter. The capris I've lived in all summer long are going to look really silly in January, and it will *be* January before I know it.
I ordered some Vogue patterns while they were on sale at the Vogue website and they arrived today. One of them is #2913, Sandra Betzina pants. I just looked to see if there were any reviews for it on Pattern Review and these results are mixed. Two nay and one yay. But ... one of the nays is definitely not my body type and the other has called herself a beginning sewer and there's no photo so it's hard for me to guess my results based on hers. (If you're that reviewer and reading this, in no way do I mean that as an insult. Just that I'm unsure whether it was fitting skills or the pattern or ? that led to your results. I hope that came out right. I do still appreciate the review and your time for writing it.) The only yay seems to be my body type but there's no photo.
Also in today's mail were the Christine Jonson patterns I ordered from a coop (and yes, some fabric was in the box too), which included another pair of pants ... these:
There are also three reviews for these pants. Again two with photos, and the one closest to my body type without. But, all three of these reviews were positive.
So readers, which one would you pick??
Sigh. I guess it's time for the tape measure and another muslin dance.
Debbie, I would choose the CJ pattern. But then again I am lazy and they look like they have less details. Have fun!
Debbie, if you are thinking about using the stretch bengaline fabric then the CJ pattern would be my choice, from the two you selected.
Hi Debbie, I'm that reviewer, no offense taken. I cannot edit my profile over at PR for some reason. I'm more acomplished than a true beginner, but not advanced by any means.
The pants were huge, and the leg shape is off. I do really like the waist treatment, although I left that great large overlap off.
I did your beautiful fisheye dart and because of that, the only successful part of these pants was the seat. That fit really nicely.
No photo, but I could not get a decent one of bad black pants. To get an idea of my "size", I measure between an E and an F, with the F being the waist. I cut the smaller size and tokk a couple of inches in all around, even at the waist.
If I were to make them again, I'd redraft the legs, the inseam tapers much too sharply.
I won't sew them again, but I do very much like that contour waist.
At this point, I'm pretty much doing style modifications on my Joyce Murphy JSM Pant1 pattern.
Good luck with the decision, and if it were me, I'd try the CJ pattern.
Debbie, I would also use the CJ, but then I'm a sucker for CJ patterns. Can you share the co-op address where you purchased your pattern?
Sounds as if the SB pattern has major "vanity sizing" problems, but if you know, you can choose a smaller size. The CJ pattern certainly sounds easier... I think I'd try that first, unless you really want the contour waist. How's that for fence-sitting!
Ann,
Thanks for not taking offense and for your helpful add'l info. I may be venturing off in another direction after some discussion with Belinda about the fabric.
Debbie,
I decided to make the SB Vogue pattern (in spite of the warnings on PR) because the C measurements should have fit me perfectly thru the waist and hips -- and it was a Sandra Betzina pattern. They were so huge I threw them in the garbage.
Mary
Have you flat measured this yet? I just did, and the others are right - it is big. Of course, I have the very flat rear dillema, but still, this was ridiculous. I may morph the top waistline and contour waistband onto some TNT pants and use the pattern for design/update purposes.
I love a contour waistband, but there are so many out there, why mess with a pattern that so many others have had difficulty with?
Thanks for the link to the jeans manufacture - it was fascinatingDeutsche Welle has a look at some of the micro-states in Europe and other odd-ball territories , most of which are not part of the EU. Here are some of the more interesting ones:
- Andorra, the little ski paradise in the Pyrenees, was ruled by the President of France and a Spanish bishop until the seventies. After a parliament established, the two “co-princes” continued to serve as heads of state.
- Gibraltar remains a British possession, despite an agreement between Britain and Spain, because the majority of the residents did not want joint rule.
- Kalingrad is a small Russian enclave on the Baltic that is threatened with being swallowed up be neighboring Poland and Lithuanian. The economic and diplomatic costs of keeping it connected to Russia are high.
Advertisements
July 10, 2004 at 11:43 am
Kaliningrad is about the same size (and has about the same population) as East Timor — which is to say, both possess some three-quarters the area (though far less population) as the state of Israel — just to name some other regions/states which have been in danger of being absorbed by their neighbors at various times.
July 10, 2004 at 3:11 pm
Thank you for your comment.
Of course, Kalingrad is far from insignificant. I believe its population is more than one million. It is too bad that words like “small” and “enclave” are imprecise when used to describe places like it. I am also reminded that there are “small enclaves” in Moroco that are constantly disputed by different nations.
I would be happy to add anything that you know about Kalingrad (first hand experiences?) to the original post.
October 6, 2005 at 6:53 pm
Hi i am totally blown away with the blogs people have created its so much fun to read alot of good info and you have also one of the best blogs !! Have some time check my link of group health credit union
.Here’s a list of new CarPlay and Android Auto aftermarket systems that have been announced this week at CES 2017 in Las Vegas.
CES 2017 has given us a great insight into some of the technology that is to come during the year. The latest unveilings come in the form of a host of new aftermarket in-dash entertainment systems that will natively support Apple’s CarPlay and Google’s Android Auto platforms, and are being offered by a heap of well-known, and well-respect manufactures, such as Alpine, JVC, KENWOOD and more.
With a heap of huge automobile manufacturers adopting Apple’s CarPlay and Google’s Android Auto initiative, the two platforms are set to be huge this year by being offered natively in a growing range of vehicles across the globe.
However, equally as popular will be the aftermarket devices which are designed to be retrofitted to older, or even new vehicles that don’t come with CarPlay or Android Auto as standard. The likes of JVC, KENWOOD, Clarion, Pioneer, and Alpine have recognized this, and as such have used CES 2017 to put their latest CarPlay and Android Auto devices on show.
KENWOOD DMX7740S
KENWOOD is showing off the DMX7740S, which is compatible with both CarPlay and Android Auto, and will ship with a decent-sized display panel, which is unfortunately of resistive variety rather than capacitive. Internally, the DMX7740S will have a SiriusXM satellite radio, built-in and integrated Bluetooth, as well as a 13-band equalizer. It also ships with support and compatibility with the KENWOOD Remote iPhone app as well as linking to the company’s existing DRV-N520 Dashboard Camera.
The KENWOOD DMX7740S will start shipping next month, priced at $500.
JVC KW-M730BT
Similar to KENWOOD, JVC has been showing off the KW-M730BT in-dash unit with a gorgeous 6.8-inch resistive display, and also packing in a SiriusXM satellite radio, along with support for rear-view camera systems. In addition to CarPlay support there is also Android Auto option, built-in Bluetooth, as well as a virtual viewing adjustment feature that offsets angled installations by using a dedicated algorithm to change the viewing angle so it appears straight to the driver. Like the KENWOOD offering, JVC’s KW-M730BT will also ship next month for $500.
Alpine iLX-107 (with Wireless CarPlay)
Consumers will be expected to pay a little more for the Alpine hardware on display – around the $900 mark – but they will get a lot more bang for their buck with this high-end product. The iLX-107 will offer a 7-inch WVGA capacitive touchscreen with LED backlighting. It’s also one of the first units that truly embraces wireless CarPlay support, which is fantastic news for users as they no longer need to tether their devices to the vehicle to actually interact with the dash.
Unfortunately though, Alpine iLX-107 won’t support Android Auto and will only work with Apple’s CarPlay.
Clarion NX807
Clarion has also jumped in with its NX807 unit packing support for both CarPlay and Android Auto and sporting a 7-inch WVGA touchscreen. The unit features tilt control and perhaps, more importantly two fantastic features; “Optical digital output for system upgrades – enables plug-and-play integration with Clarion’s Full Digital Sound processor” and “2-Zone Entertainment – allows rear seat passengers to enjoy one separate source than the front seat passengers”. The NX807 is expected to go on sale in the first quarter of 2017, but no pricing has been mentioned.
Pioneer
Pioneer has also announced new bundles for its CarPlay and Android Auto supported NEX series. As of now, users will be able to grab the following NEX units along with bundled ND-BC8 universal back-up camera:
- AVIC-8201NEX for $1,300
- AVIC-7201NEX for $1,100
- AVIC-6201NEX for $900
- AVH-4201NEX for $700
You might also like to check out:
You can follow us on Twitter, add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple and the Web.
Related StoriesPoynings smithy (1906 postmark). Chris Cook identifies the blacksmith as his great great uncle, Frank Shaw
Photographer, Poynings, Sussex. Osborne was born on March 8, 1882 at his parents' home at Moss Side on the southern edge of Manchester. His birth name was John Herbert Mason and he was the son of a book-keeper, Richard Redfern Mason (born in 1860 at Bowden in Cheshire), and Marianne Elizabeth Sloane (born in 1861 at Halifax in Yorkshire, died Portsmouth 1948, aged 87). Richard and Marianne married in the Moss Side area in 1880, but later separated and embarked on new marriages. Richard took Ada Louisa Lees as his new wife at Portsmouth in 1888 and then in 1895 Marianne married Henry Turner Osborne at Fulham.
John Herbert Mason was 24 years old when he married Elvira (Elvera or "Vera") Hollingdale on April 12, 1906 at Brighton Registry Office. The registrar entered his name on the marriage certificate as John Herbert Mason-Osborne and described his father, Richard Mason, as a deceased musician. John (or Jack as he was often known) was living at 2 Seville Street in the Elm Grove area of Brighton and already working as a photographer. His bride, Elvira, was 25 and lived in Dyke Lane at Poynings. She had been born in the village, and was the daughter of Frederick Hollingdale, a deceased brewer.
Despite his marriage John seems to have continued living at Seville Street, only periodically joining Vera at Poynings, where Vera gave birth to a daughter, Maisie Marion Mason Osborne, on November 3, 1908. The 1911 census records that Vera and Maisie were living at The Street in Poynings with Vera's unmarried brother, Archibald Hollingdale, a brewer's drayman (born at Poynings and aged 39), who is listed as head of household. Sharing the house was Vera and Archibald's 73-year-old mother, Lydia Hollingdale, born at Ringmer. Also present was Renee Charles, aged 5 (born at Brighton), who like Maisie is described as a niece of Archibald (she was the daughter of Archibald's sister, Amy Hollingdale, who was married to John Thomas Charles). For some reason, John Osborne (as he currently styled himself) continued to live apart, at 2 Seville Street in Brighton. Was Elvira merely visiting Archibald on census night or did she and her husband maintain separate homes? The census entries do not elaborate.
Osborne began issuing sepia real photographic cards of Poynings village, the Devils Dyke and Pyecombe in 1904. One of his most interesting cards shows the steep grade railway that carried passengers up and down the escarpment below the Dyke Hotel until its closure in 1908. Another notable card shows the well-wheel at Saddlescombe Farm. A donkey or horse used to step inside the wheel and operate it treadmill fashion to draw water up the 150-foot farm well, excavated by the Knights Templars in the 13th century. Unfortunately, the card does not show the wheel in use.
Osborne's earliest cards are anonymous and often the captions are individually handwritten in Indian ink in a single white border at the base of each photograph. Capitals are used only at the start of words. Typically the captions are split, with, for example, "Poynings" on the left side of the border and "Sussex" on the right side with a wide gap in the middle. Osborne soon tired of writing the captions individually and switched to writing them directly on the negatives in Indian ink so that they appeared in white when the photographs were printed. By 1908, he was issuing cards with a narrow border all round the photographs or with no border at all. His name and address are printed on the back of some of the cards, but most are anonymous. There is a possibility that Osborne also published some anonymous cards of Poynings and the Dyke that lack the characteristic "split" captions.
Osborne did not normally issue cards of Brighton, though an undated card of a burst water main fountaining skywards in Franklin Road (off Lewes Road and close to Seville Street) shows that he could not resist a "scoop". A postally used example has been seen with an August 1907 strike. A card of Paygate Cottages at Patcham was perhaps produced to oblige a friend.
Osborne was still selling cards of the Poynings area in the summer of 1912, as is shown by a card of a group of villagers attending the annual flower show. Soon afterwards, however, he became seriously ill, and on September 1 he died at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton of septicaemia, angina pectoris and cardiac failure. He was aged only 30. It is sometimes claimed that he was accidentally poisoned by his photographic chemicals, though his death certificate offers no support for this assertion.
Osborne's death brought his fledgling photographic business to a premature end. It was presumably Elvira who gave A. W. Wardell of Brighton permission to reproduce her husband's popular card (dating back to 1907 if not earlier) showing the road leading up from the Smithy to the Church in Poynings. Wardell cheekily claimed authorship of the photograph and failed to acknowledge his debt to Osborne.
No entry has been found for Elvira in Kelly's 1915 Sussex Directory or in the 1918 Electoral Register for Poynings, and her whereabouts during the Great War are uncertain. However, the Autumn 1923 Register lists her (under the name Elvera Mason Osborne) as a voter in Poynings Street and Kelly's 1922 Sussex Directory records her as Vera Osborne, proprietor of refreshment rooms at Poynings, so she was definitely living in the village not long after the war, and may never have left it. She died at Poynings on March 25, 1948.
Maisie Osborne married Edward Long in 1935, and lived at Poynings all her life, following her mother to the grave on October 30, 1989. Her daughter, Marianne Long, now lives in California.
Acknowledgements: Special thanks are due to Marianne Long for helping with information about her parents and grandparents, and for supplying three of the images reproduced here. It is also a pleasure to record the assistance provided by Adrian Vieler, who has researched the Mason-Osborne family in some detail. Peter Booth has kindly provided many additional insights.To directory of publishers
Design: Lucid Design
©Nov 14, 2012 Comments Off on Lathrop plans: little preservation, big TIF
Lathrop plans: little preservation, big TIF
Three new plans for redeveloping Lathrop Homes fall far short of the project’s stated goal of historic preservation – to the point that developers will pass up tens of millions of dollars in federal historic preservation tax credits.
Instead, they plan to ask for $30 million or more from a new TIF district.
The plans have garnered widespread local opposition due to heavy increases in density and congestion.
CHA and Lathrop Community Partners will present three scenarios at open houses (Thursday, November 15, 3 to 8 p.m., and Saturday, November 17, 12 to 4 p.m.) at New Life Community Church, 2958 N. Damen.
At 4:15 p.m. on Thursday, Lathrop residents and neighbors will hold a press conference to denounce all the scenarios and the lack of any meaningful community engagement.
Already thirteen neighborhood associations have signed onto a letter to CHA from Ald. Scott Waguespack (32nd) calling for rejection of all three plans due to excessive density and lack of public participation.
And Tuesday, Ald. Proco Joe Moreno (1st) sent an e-mail blast announcing the open houses and saying, “I do not believe that any of the individual scenarios on the table are an acceptable plan to move Lathrop Homes forward.”
Total demolition
In fact, one of the scenarios would almost certainly fail to win regulatory approval.
Dubbed the “Delta Greenscapes” scenario, it calls for demolition of all of Lathrop’s low-rise, historic buildings.
But since Lathrop was named to the National Register of Historic Places in April, any demolition involving federal funds must be approved by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency and the Advisory Council for Historic Preservation. And CHA will use federal funds to cover the costs of rehabbing and operating public housing at Lathrop.
“Clearly, demolishing everything would not meet preservation guidelines and would rarely be an approveable action under the federal program,” said Michael Jackson, chief architect for preservation services at IHPA, who notes that nothing has been submitted to his agency.
Approval might be forthcoming in cases involving extreme deterioration and functional obsolescence, but “I can’t see that logic applying here,” he said. “The essence of the Lathrop project is historic preservation. It’s been identified as a historic property, and the development team has been given that direction.”
Indeed, the RFQ under which LCP was selected states that the developer “shall consider preservation one of the priorities of the revitalization.”
“What they’re pulling is a typical developer’s trick,” said Jonathan Fine of Preservation Chicago. “We’re going to show you something so god-awful that when we walk it back to something slightly less god-awful, the community will think it’s won something.”
Developers prefer TIF
Despite the RFQ’s request for developers with experience using historic tax credits, none of the plans are likely to qualify for the credits, which cover 20 percent of a project’s costs – in this case, tens of millions of dollars. That’s what developers told aldermen in August, said Paul Sajovek, Waguespack’s chief of staff.
Read the rest of this entry »
Recent CommentsPlease join us on Friday, June 26th from 7-9 PM at St.Cecilia for an evening of prayer & reflection on Jesus' Divine Mercy.
This evening will feature music meditations composed by Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish music director, Derek Nelson. Compositions are based on the writings of St.Faustina, Blessed Mother Teresa, Saint Pope John Paul II, and others. The evening begins with Eucharistic Adoration (Confession will be available), and ends with the singing of the Chaplet of Divine Mercy.
This program is a perfect way to get into the spirit of the upcoming "Year of Mercy". The cost is FREE, but a good will offering basket will be left out to support the ministry.
For more information please contact Derek or Jennifer Nelson at adivinemercyencounter@gmail.com.Some Retirees Still Face Years of Mortgage Payments
Fewer […]Scientists Discover How to Create Matter from Pure Light: Science Fiction Turns into Fact
Creating matter from light? It sounds like something out of science fiction, right? Well scientists have managed to take something that seems improbable and devise an experiment to make it possible. Creating matter from light with todays high-tech methods would physically prove a theory first devised by scientists Breit and Wheeler in 1934.
Breit and Wheeler suggested that it should, in theory, be possible to turn light into matter by smashing together only two particles of light, called photons, in order to create an electron and a positron. Yet this has never physically been demonstrated.
In order to take theory into practice, the researchers devised a method that could potentially turn light into matter. They created the idea of a "photon-photon collider," which would convert light directly into matter using technology that is already available. The experiment itself would actually recreate a process that was important in the first 100 seconds of the beginning of the universe.
The experiment itself involves two key steps. First, the researchers would use an extremely powerful, high-intensity laser in order to speed up electrons to just below the speed of light. Then, they would fire these electrons into a slab of gold. This would create a beam of photons about a billion times more energetic than visible light. After that, the researchers would fire a high-energy laser at the inner surface of a tiny gold can called a hohlraum in order to create a thermal radiation field and generate light similar to the light emitted by stars. Then, they would need to direct the photon beam from the first stage of the experiment through the center of the can, causing the photons from the two sources to collide and form matter.
"Despite all physicists accepting the theory to be true, when Breit and Wheeler first proposed the theory, they said that they never expected it to be shown in the laboratory," said Steve Rose, one of the researchers, in a news."
While this is only theory, it could certainly be taken into practice. Researchers are now looking for ways to create this experiment and prove this theory to, in fact, be true.
The findings are published in the journal Nature Photonics.
Join the ConversationThey normally team up to fight crime, but cops and prosecutors have found an even better reason to join forces – helping underprivileged kids.
Prosecutors from the Manhattan District Attorney’s office and police from the 34th Precinct are trying to raise money to rehabilitate a church gym in Washington Heights that neighborhood kids use to play basketball.
“The building is very old, and the gym is really old,” said Officer Sal Maniscalco. “We’re trying to get something going.”
Maniscalco was a beat cop 15 years ago when officials at the Fort Washington Collegiate Church on West 181st Street told him about an available gym there.
The enterprising father of five decided it would be a good spot for neighborhood kids to have some fun, and, with the church’s blessing, he and Officer James Mpasiakos set up a Police Athletic League basketball league there.
Thanks to community involvement and support from companies including Con Edison, Pepsi, the NBA, Modell’s and Rite-Aid, the league is now a booming success, with 10 teams made up of 150 kids between the ages of 10 and 14.
“It’s out of control now, and we like it like that,” the cop laughed. He said the league gives the kids “a good feeling” and teaches them responsibility. They’re not allowed to play if they’ve been cutting classes or doing badly in school.
Police, prosecutors and parents have raised about $35,000 to renovate the gym – half the amount needed.
“We did a presentation for the people in the church, and by the end of it, little old ladies were opening up their purses and taking out whatever they could afford,” said Assistant DA Laurence Busching.
Donations should be sent to the Fort Washington Collegiate Church Gym Renovation Fund, 729 West 181st St., New York, N.Y. 10033.Ha_0<<_1<<.
January 14, 2010; 7:35 AM ET
| Category:
world
Previous: Haiti earthquake: Live updates | Next: Haiti earthquake: Friday's latest news
Posted by: alanrosenblatt | January 14, 2010 11:14 AM
Interesting in a matter of couple of days US goverment help is in Haiti. How come it took weeks months to send federial help to the Americans out west who had the major flood and lost everything. Many still do not have there homes rebuilt. WQhy is Washington sending 100 million dollars on Haiti while Americans are still homeless out west. Shame on Obama. I guess if your black in Haiti you have Obama attention.
I hate this goverment of ours....Then to make matters worst Obama has Bill Clinton and George W. Bush will partner to lead America's humanitarian. Where were these two loosers when Americans were dieing out west??>??? Bin Laden had the right idea trying to take out Washington....
Posted by: Fathertimema | January 14, 2010 12:11 PM
Earthquakes remind us that life is a very fragile thing. And that some things are beyond the control "Of Mice and Men."
Posted by: tncdel | January 14, 2010 12:42 PM
Better buildings are essential. A quake of this magnitude would not kill 50,000 persons in America, unless it hit NYC.
Posted by: Martial | January 14, 2010 2:46 PM
I think they're going to have to redirect all flights to Miami, consolidate loads and fuel the planes for a trip over and a return (so they don't have to refuel in Haiti, where it is likely time consuming and scarce). I imagine once the air bridge is operational planes won't even have time to kill their engines, offloading as fast as possible to get back in the air and allow another to land.
The logistics of this are mind-boggling.
Posted by: idiparker | January 14, 2010 11:19 PM
The comments to this entry are closed.
Several progressive organizations, including True Majority, the Center for American Progress Action Fund, Credo, DFA, and USAction are helping to raise funds for Doctors w/out Borders in Haiti.
Please help us send much needed medical help and aid to the victims of this terrible earthquake.
The website is
Thank you.Thanks for the information, I just got my T650 today, after a trouble-free year and a half with my T600 and am now experiencing the same issues you're describing. I searched these and other forums for hours looking for help. Hopefully, the sim tray is the only culprit. I've already inserted a sliver a paper.
Thanks again!
While on trip last week to eastern PA (Harrisburg), my phone shut down 3 or 4 times all by itself, too. But I got a new SIM tray from Palm last summer by calling and asking them to send me one (that was in the earlier stages of awareness that the SIM tray could be a suspect in such events). Since I've been home, I haven't had any other events.
However, all 3 or 4 times, the Treo was in my carrying case on my belt (it's one of those sideways cases with a magnetic cover). Sometimes the keylock feature doesn't work - I won't have to press the center button of the 5-way upon awakening the unit. I think what may have happened is that the off button was being depressed at a time when the keylock wasn't functioning correctly, thereby shutting off the unit; but that's just a guess. I don't have the need to use the carrying case as much at home so I have a lower potential of occurrence.
Unlocked/Unbranded GSM Treo 650
1.71/1.30 ENA, HW A
T-Mobile Total Internet
I have the same problem. and i figure it out too.
When the phone is on my pocket and its sitting sideways, it turns off, if its in my pocket in any other postion but sideways it wont turn off.
its a hardware problem, maybe sim card is moving around I dont know. I got the new try, and i placed a peace of paper already. Tried about everything.
This behavior just recently began on my 650, and I had originally thought it may be due to the 1.20 firmware. I have the new SIM tray installed, and I've cleaned the SIM according to the support notice. I'll try sticking a piece of paper behind the SIM.
I am also a cold-weather user, so there may be something to this, but I've also caught the phone powering off while indoors, so it's probably not a factor. Often, the phone is simply laying on my desk, or resting in my jacket pocket.
I look forward to seeing the root cause of this quick revealed (and subsequently crushed).
- Mark
My phone alway seems to turn off when docked (charging). I don't understand it. I'll assume that it's just charging, a couple hours later, I'll realize it's been off.
I have the same problem, but it seems that it only resets when someone is trying to call me. Could this be related to anyone else's problems?
Can someone post the link to Palm's replacement SIM tray campaign? I just noticed I have the old one, and this might be the reason my phone resets after being moved around or in my pocket. Thanks guys.
--
Aloke
Cingular GSM
Software:Treo650-1.17-CNG
Firmware:01.51 Hardware:A
ok thanks, I did that, but since im not a cingular customer I just was wondering if I needed to go through some other means. I may try the paper trick as well, any thing other than the obvious making some paper small enough to fit...how thick should it be?
Palm has a "Tray hotline" +1 866 677-7256
It's at the bottom of
Google "Treo SIM Tray" and you'll get lots of links..
Last edited by aprasad; 02/25/2006 at 06:00 PM.
Reason: more info
well i put in my info under the cingular link months ago....got the cingular colored tray and months later palm automatically sent me the unlocked sim tray anyway...
so if color doesn't bother you use the web site.....if it does then call....
Just a quick note to say thanks to the people in this forum who suggested the 'sliver of paper' trick. I have an unlocked Cingular Treo650 and this did the trick. You have saved me a LOT of frustration.
FYI. I used two pieces of paper just for good measure ...
I've got the same problem, but my SIM tray appears to be the 'new model' It has the little rib on the bottom part, but I still have intermittent turnoffs. I'll pick it up and notice that the radio's off, who knows for how long. I've never had anyone tell me that they couldn't reach me because my phone was off, but it's bound to happen eventually. Has anyone else had this problem persist with the new SIM tray?
Verizon user here. Same problem. On the phone with palm tech support now as there's no sim card. Had me upgrade to verizon phone software version 1.04. I'll post if this seems to fix the problem. I suspect it won't.
As expected, the reinstallation has not resolved the problem. Seems this might be happening when the signal is low.
Verizon is replacing the phone. It's out of warranty so it'll be $50.00 but better than Palm's $199.00 offer.
Been a week since I swapped phones. No problems at all. Worth the 50 bucks.
Thanks for the advice, guys. For the past year, my Treo would trun off randomly. I finally boiled it down to it happening when my Treo gets knocked. For example, if I place it down somewhat hard on a table, it would turn off. I'm guessing that the SIM card gets knocked loose. I tried placing a folded piece of paper behind the SIm tray and this has done the trick. I can knock the Treo vigorously and it stays on.The Hubble telescope has observed an unknown space event. Apparently, an unknown light appears in the sky, brightens for about 120 days, and then disappears. Even stranger, the astronomers can’t recognize any thing in the spectrum. SOURCE
Maybe this seems a tad nerdy to you folk, but I am a bit of a pop science junkie. I find it really amazing that scientists that purport to know everything about the universe from its origins to its future can’t decipher a light in the sky. Moreover, they can’t tell which galaxy it’s in.
Hmmm, could it be my ANGEL.
4 thoughts on “SCP 06F6, The Unknown Space Event”
The million dollar question though is do you believe in extra terrestrials?
hmmmm. I don’t believe in terrestrials so I hope there are some extras out there. lol
Maybe this is God’s way of having a little fun with us. In any case … this is cool. Great find.
I thought it was cool too.Hillsboro, Oregon, is a long way from Maricopa County, Arizona, or McAllen, Texas, or any of the most infamous frontlines of America’s increasingly fiery immigration debate. A happily humdrum suburb a half-hour drive west of Portland with a population just over 100,000, it’s a liberal city in a liberal state. But since Trump’s shock election victory, the immigration debate has swept through Hillsboro just the same, stoking anger, fear, and recrimination. The focus of the tension: Resolution 2552. Brought forth in December, it asked the city council to declare Hillsboro a sanctuary city.
Effectively, a “sanctuary city” is any city that has pledged not to cooperate with federal agents engaged in deportation. Those sanctuary cities (and sanctuary counties and sanctuary towns and sanctuary villages) do not force their police officers to inquire about immigrations status, and they do not aid in deportations.
But a pledge of non-cooperation doesn’t mean that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, will not be able to carry out its activities in Hillsboro. As the nattily bowtied city council member Fred Nachtigal — a former defense attorney and police officer — put it in one recent public hearing, “When the federal government decides that they are going to come through, they will. We’ve quacked and quacked and quacked. And we’re just about as powerless as the chicken.”
Since Resolution 2552 was first broached, the community responded with a public march of support and rambunctious approval at public city council meetings. It’s not surprising that Trump’s immigration policies were unpopular here: Oregon hasn’t voted for a Republican in a Presidential election since 1984; in 2016 Hillary Clinton beat Trump in Hillsboro’s Washington County by 26 points. Over a quarter of Hillsboro is Latino, and the community’s presence is evident: there’s a carniceria down the street from a mini mart, a Super Tacos Ochoa just around the corner from the Spaghetti Western Wine-and-Dine.
The final vote on Resolution 2552 was scheduled for March 7. Leading in, the question around town was not whether the proudly multicultural Hillsboro embraced or valued its immigrants. The question was how much Hillsboro was willing to risk for that community. How far would the city go to protect its undocumented residents from the federal government?
For cities declaring sanctuary status, Trump has vowed vengeance by stripping federal funding; there’s also the concern that the more boldly a city declares itself a safe zone for immigrants, the more likely ICE is to come rolling in. By loudly declaring sanctuary city status, Hillsboro feared it might be putting itself in the crosshairs of the Trump administration.
“I hear facts like, ‘This could be putting a target on us,” Eric Ruiz, a lifetime resident and a graduate student at Portland State, told me. “I’m at a cross. Do I really want to risk lives? At the same time — do I want to be submissive to Trump’s regime?”
Hillsboro’s sanctuary city movement started with Pastor Jorge Vazquez, of the largely Hispanic Methodist Church for the Nations. He’d been hearing from his constituents that they were seeing increased police activity, that they were fearful an ICE agent was around every corner. Pastor Jorge reached out to the Hillsboro chief of police, who assured him the police department was making the same rounds as always. The facts were not bearing them out; they were imagining that increased police activity. It was a “panic,” Pastor Jorge explained, stemming from “a national conversation of hostility and rejection. It's in the news. It’s in the atmosphere. It’s what we’re breathing.”
Hoping to buck up his shaken community, Pastor Vazquez began consolidating support for sanctuary city status among the faith community. Through a weekly men-of-the-cloth coffee hangout, he locked in agreements from fellow pastors at largely white Episcopalian, Lutheran, and Protestant congregations to push the city council on the issue. Then the churches went to the local immigrants-rights organization Voz Hispana. On February 7, the network mobilized and created a rare sight for Hillsboro: a public march and rally in support of Resolution 2552.
“We were calling people to be at Shute Park at 5 p.m.,” recalled Francisco Lopez, Voz Hispana’s fiftysomething volunteer political director. “And around 5:15 p.m. — fffffwhoooooom — suddenly, you see hundreds. Even in the midst of all this fear, all these undocumented immigrants came out.”
Naming Hillsboro a sanctuary city would join it with jurisdictions throughout the U.S. that have done the same, from quiet towns like Appleton, Wisconsin, to major urban areas like New York City. Generally, it’s been the former that have declared sanctuary loudly and proudly. In a January press conference, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh thundered that he would protect all residents of Boston even if it meant using “City Hall itself as a last resort. If people want to live here … they can use any office in this building.”
Most places that don't cooperate with ICE are not as bold. Many are arguably as motivated by a certain sense of justice as they are by a desire to save money (eliminating, say, the cost of temporarily detaining an undocumented person for ICE.) Many would rather not be found on lists or cheered online.
For Hillsboro, declaring sanctuary city status is, in large part, be a technicality. Along with just four other states — California, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut — Oregon already effectively operates as a “sanctuary state.” The state’s law enforcement agencies do not use staff or resources to “detect” or arrest anyone whose only violation is being undocumented. Hillsboro, taking its cue from the state, has long followed those same practices.
In Hillsboro, though, the question of sanctuary since Trump’s election was as much emotional as it was pragmatic. At the city council’s February 21 meeting, Hillsboro Mayor Steve Callaway attempted to plug an upcoming production from a local theater. “We have a presentation entitled My Inlaws Are Outlaws,” Callaway, a former principal who holds the mayorship as a part-time post-retirement gig, chipperly announced. But the attempt at normalcy was bizarrely out of place, and quickly shouted down: “We want public comment!” multiple voices cried.
Soon, the proceedings were dominated by heartfelt testimonials from kids, mothers, and working professionals. The speakers used one phrase over and over, their voices alternately booming or cracking with sentiment: they were “undocumented, unafraid, unapologetic.”
“Do you know what it takes for an undocumented family to show up to a place where they’re freaking scared?!” one young woman asked. Another, a young college student, said, “I am tired of people considering that I’m some sort of wetback, that I’m some sort of criminal, that I’m some sort of stupid girl. I’m not. I’m here for my education.”
Reverend Adam Hange, of the First Congregational United Church of Christ, is one of the pastors who was tapped by Jorge Vazquez to aid the sanctuary city movement. In a later phone conversation, he called the campaign a “moral issue.”
“When I read the Bible, I see all the stories about welcoming the stranger, caring for the alien in your midst,” he says. “It’s in Leviticus, Matthews — it’s all through the Prophets. It just seems like the right thing to do right now.”
The speakers at the city council meeting did not use the same religious terminology as Pastor Adam. But their throughline was more or less the same: There is right and there is wrong. And we can not just hope to duck the Trump administration for four (or eight) years. It would put us on the wrong side of history.
Over morning coffee Francisco Lopez, of Voz Hispana, grounded the movement back in the practical. He believed the nationwide sanctuary movement must begin to go “beyond the political statements, beyond non-cooperation,” and into actionable, palpable measures. He name-checked health and community services for immigrants and Portland’s recent consideration of a $50,000 grant to help undocumented people fight deportation.
Lopez is correct in pointing out the fundamental weakness of sanctuary status. Take, for example one belief that has recently gained traction: that churches are safe zones where ICE agents legally cannot enter. In reality, as Pastor Andy pointed out to me, “the previous policy, under the Obama administration, was that churches and hospitals and schools are sensitive zones where ICE could go, but would rather not.”
As of now, ICE has continued the Obama administration policy, creating situations in Phoenix and Denver where churches are actively housing and sheltering undocumented people. But there’s no telling how long that will be an effective strategy.
“If you’re a city, you look out for the wellbeing of all of the residents, regardless of immigration status, the color of their skin, their language,” Lopez said. His implication: It’s all well and good that Hillsboro expresses appreciation of its immigrants (as they did in December with a “joint statement in support of diversity”). Hillsboro effectively acts as a sanctuary city, yes. But if Hillsboro can’t bring itself to call itself that, will it ever take an extra step beyond? Should its undocumented residents ever expect real, tangible support?
Lopez is originally from El Salvador: he left in the mid ’80s, at the height of the Salvadoran Civil War, and entered the country illegally, through Texas. (A few years before, while attending the mass funeral of the hugely beloved Archbishop Oscar Romero, he saw his 19-year-old cousin killed by what he believes were military snipers firing with impunity at the crowds below).
His wife is fourth-generation Irish-American; they have two teenage boys that identify both as American and Salvadoran. A lifelong activist, Lopez was recently hoping to scale back some of his volunteer activities. Then Trump got elected. “I was like, kind of trying to retire?” he says, smiling. “Then — ‘Oh God!’”
On February 21, the Hillsboro city council met for a “work session — a meeting open to the public, but not, like the general city council meetings, open for debate. They listened to a presentation from a panel of three Hillsboro officials on the possible impacts of the sanctuary city resolution.
They heard that Hillsboro would stand to lose less than 1 percent of its annual $500 million budget if Trump carried through on his promise to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities. (That’d be a tiny part of an estimated $870 million nationwide.) They also heard about the recent climate in the city’s schools. “The common comment children are hearing,” one of the panelists reported soberly, reading off her notes, is “‘You need to go back where you came from — Trump’s gonna send you back to where you came from.’”
True to Hillsboro’s liberal reputation, the city council did not once express actual support for Trump’s mass deportation efforts. Again and again, the conversation circled around to one central idea: would declaring sanctuary city status help or hurt the city of Hillsboro and its immigrants?
Nachtigal, the bowtied councilmember, was the most skeptical of the city council’s six members, and pushed back respectfully. “While the word ‘sanctuary’ is significant to members of our community, it also seems to be significant to the Donald!” he pointed out, referring to Trump’s repeated calls to punish sanctuary cities. Nachtigal also recalled a time, 20 years or so back, when ICE was known as the INS. “They didn’t need our help. And the Feds don’t need our help now.” His message was clear: they can do what they want; let’s not give them a reason to do it. “Perhaps,” he suggested, “it’s not worth the risk of turning the bright lights on.”
“We know ‘sanctuary’ doesn’t have a lot of teeth,” councilwoman Olivia Alcaire said, by way of rebuttal. “But we can at least say, ‘You’re a part of our community.’”
“But ultimately we don’t control that,” councilman Nachtigal offered. “Nobody in this room knows what this particular president is going to do. I don’t think he knows.”
“What is our decision going to be?” councilwoman Alcaire replied calmly. “What are we going to be, as the city of Hillsboro?”
On March 7, the much-anticipated vote was held. It was a clean split. Three council members, including Nachtigal, voted against. Three others, including Alcaire, voted in support. The onus then turned to Mayor Callaway.
He’d been cagey in expressing his opinion publicly, perhaps hoping to best keep tempers down throughout his jurisdiction. But when the decision was left for him to make, he, of My Inlaws Are Outlaws interest, expressed a higher purpose. “For me,” he said, “this is a vote to say to the children who have grown up here, who have done the right thing and have gone to school, that there are no spare parts in Hillsboro.” The Mayor voted aye; Resolution 2552 passed. And the Shirley Huffman Auditorium, watched over quietly throughout the night by 30 or so local cops, broke into cries and applause.
In Trump’s America, even ostensibly liberal communities are struggling to support their immigrants. Just a few days before Hillsboro’s vote was held, Portsmouth, in New Hampshire — a state won by Clinton, just barely — took action to preempt and placate the demands of a burbling pro-sanctuary movement. The city council moved to declare a weaker sentiment: they approved a “welcoming and diversity” resolution. Explained assistant Mayor Jim Splaine, of the town’s reasons for avoiding sanctuary city status: “We could lose about $5.5m, and it wouldn't really accomplish anything. The federal government can do whatever it wants.”
Hillsboro didn’t stand to lose as much money, and maybe that made the decision easier. But it could have ducked as well — it had plenty of opportunities to do so. Instead, it chose to send that wide statement of support.
This is no all-purpose panacea. That Portsmouth assistant mayor, and councilman Nachtigal, and Francisco Lopez are all right: without additional, substantive efforts from local governments to stop deportations — like, perhaps, the aforementioned legal fund for lawyers for would-be deportees — the federal government can kick many people as it wants out of the country. Like Nachtigal said: If the Feds want to come in, they can.
Attitudinally, though, the sanctuary city movement — and its place as a rebuttal to Trump’s vision of America — may already be having an impact.
Earlier, Lopez had gushed about the citizenship classes that Voz Hispana has been holding. “Before the election, on Friday evenings, we’d be lucky to have ten people. Now, almost fifty! That builds optimism. Despite all of this, what is happening, we still want to be in this country. You know? That’s hopeful. I tell you with all my heart, it is hopeful. With all this, the people still want to be Americans.”In the recent case of G.D. v. Bernard Kenny and The Hudson County Democratic Organization, Inc. the New Jersey Supreme Court considered the difficult issue of the effect of “expungement” or “rehabilitation” of convicted criminals on libel and privacy claims. The case concerned a libel claim which arose out of a State Senate election in New Jersey. During the campaign the opponents of one candidate issued campaign flyers criticizing him for previously hiring a person with a criminal conviction, the plaintiff G.D. One campaign flyer stated that G.D. was “a DRUG DEALER who went to JAIL for FIVE YEARS for selling coke near a public school.” Read the rest of this entry »
Libel, Privacy and Forgetting: Claims by Rehabilitated Offenders – Hugh Tomlinson QC2 03 2011
Categories : Libel, Privacy:180.53 m2
A cost of the implementation:172 200 EURShow project
Project price:970 EUR
Usable area:137.78 m2
A cost of the implementation:109 400:1 070 EUR
Usable area:165.45 m2
A cost of the implementation:147 700Reps Say That Jessica Chastain Will Not Be in True Detective Season 2
Keep those suggestions coming.
Update: Reps for Chastain tell E! News that she will not be in the series.
Here's an interesting bit of grist for the rumor mill: Nerdist is reporting that Jessica Chastain has been offered a lead role in True Detective's second season. Chastain's reps declined to comment, but the casting would would make sense; the Zero Dark Thirty Star already has plenty of experience hunting bad guys and being a lone wolf/loose cannon who defies official government protocol. No word on her ability to philosophize grimly about the futility of human existence, but maybe her Interstellar co-star Matthew McConaughey can give her some pointers?Hotel superior, new-age technology and advanced algorithm to maximize yield, and in turn, generate a higher RevPAR.
The use of RevGain would track the rates for future, indicating the inclination of the market Hotel Le Belmont, thus lending speed and efficiency to the system. By facilitating extensive tracking of industry data, the advanced tool would bring forth key trends and changes in the hotel’s comp-set, and also provide real-time insights on market demand and supply that would aid the hotel in better decision making with regard to pricing.
Commenting on the development, Enzo Aita, VP, Sales- RateGain said, “We are pleased to partner with a leading, premium hotel in one of the most spectacular and tourist busy city in the world, Paris. Our smart & specialized offering, RevGain , would help the hotel come up with the most appropriate pricing and revenue management strategy. Tool’s well-optimized price recommendations, based on the insightful data, rate intelligence & various other factors, would help hotel create a robust pricing strategy .We are extremely thrilled, and look forward to make a valuable contribution to the hotel’s growth, especially to a fast moving potential city like Paris, a smart revenue optimising tool has a bigger and crucial role to play .”
About Le Belmont
Le Belmont is a four star hotel situated in the Golden Triangle, Paris (near the Champs-Élysées), offering a peaceful setting along with a touch of orientalism to travellers. Designed by Alexandre Danan, the hotel is a symbol of the French “Art of Living”. It is a Haussmann-style building which consists of 74 well-furnished rooms and suites.
For more information, please visitI’m sure that everyone that knows me will know what my favorite color is – Purple of course! Purple works for every season! I love all of the different shades, tones and tints.
There are lots of other colors in my closet because I love color! But purple is my favorite…
Advertisements
I love this photo Sherri, and I know that purple is your favourite colour 😊😊💜💜 It does go with every season. Have a nice week 😊
LikeLiked by 1 person
Beautiful! 💜💜
Thanks Michelle! Hope you and your daughter are doing well.Find 14753 historical societies. Historical societies provide information on the history and culture of a specific area, through the use of museum and library art exhibits and programs.
Salamanca Historical Society 125 Main Street Salamanca NY 14779 8.9 miles from 14753 716-945-2946
Olean Historical Society 302 Laurens Street Olean NY 14760 12.3 miles from 14753 716-373-0285
Ellicottville Historical Society 2 Washington Street Ellicottville NY 14731 16.6 miles from 14753 716-699-8415
McKean County Historical Society 502 West King Street Smethport PA 16749 19.2 miles from 14753 814-887-5142
Cattaraugus Area Historical Society 23 North Main Street Cattaraugus NY 14719 22.8 miles from 14753 716-257-3312
Ischua Valley Historical Society 9 Pine Street Franklinville NY 14737 23.4 miles from 14753 716-676-2325
Cuba Historical Society 16 Genesee Street Cuba NY 14727 23.5 miles from 14753 585-365-3578
Elk Township Historical Society 1626 Russell Lander Road Russell PA 16345 26.4 miles from 14753 814-323-0447
Richburg Wirt Historical Society 243 Main Street Bolivar NY 14715 26.5 miles from 14753 585-928-9478
Warren County Pennsylvania Historical Society 210 4th Avenue Warren PA 16365 28.0 miles from 14753 814-723-1795
Busti Historical Society 3443 Lawson Road Jamestown NY 14701 31.7 miles from 14753 716-483-3670
Concord New York Historical Society 98 East Main Street Springville NY 14141 32.7 miles from 14753 716-592-5546
Belmont Literary and Historical Society 2 Willets Avenue Belmont NY 14813 34.7 miles from 14753 585-268-5308
Arcade Historical Society 331 Main Street Arcade NY 14009 36.5 miles from 14753 585-492-4466
Potter County Historical Society 308 North Main Street Coudersport PA 16915 37.7 miles from 14753 814-274-4410
Harmony Historical Society 1943 Open Meadows Road Ashville NY 14710 38.5 miles from 14753 716-782-3074
E O Austin Home Historical Society 1 Town Sq Austin PA 16720 40.6 miles from 14753 814-647-8358
Boston Historical Society 9410 Boston State Road Glenwood NY 14069 41.0 miles from 14753 716-941-5139
Saint Marys And Benzinger Township Historical Society 99 Erie Avenue St. Marys PA 15857 42.2 miles from 14753 814-834-6525
Cameron County Historical Society 125 West Greenwood Street Emporium PA 15834 42.3 miles from 14753 814-486-0334.feed2js_ck = true; document.write(''); document.write(''); document.write('This RSS feed URL is deprecated'); document.write('This RSS feed URL is deprecated, please update. New URLs can be found in the footers at'); document.write(''); document.write('WATCH: Anne Curtis plays a drug enforcement agent in \'Buy Bust\' - Rappler'); document.write('RapplerWATCH: Anne Curtis plays a drug enforcement agent in 'Buy Bust'RapplerBUY BUST. Anne Curtis plays a drug enforcement officer in Erik Matti's 'Buy Bust.' Screengrab from YouTube/Viva Ent. MANILA, Philippines – The full trailer for the film Buy Bust, starring Anne Curtis was released on Tuesday, December 26. In the movie ...WATCH: Anne Curtis thrust into dangerous drug raid in 'BuyBust'Inquirer.netall 2 news articles »'); document.write(''); document.write('LOOK: What Anne Curtis promised Erwan Heussaff for his birthday - Inquirer.net'); document.write('Inquirer.netLOOK: What Anne Curtis promised Erwan Heussaff for his birthdayInquirer.netBeing the awesome wife that she is, Anne Curtis publicly expressed her love for husband Erwan Heussaff on his birthday. In fact, she even made him a promise. In a sweet Instagram post on Wednesday, the “It's Showtime” host greeted the celebrity chef a ...'); document.write(''); document.write('WATCH: Anne Curtis is a deadly weapon in new \'Buy Bust\' clip - ABS-CBN News'); document.write('ABS-CBN NewsWATCH: Anne Curtis is a deadly weapon in new 'Buy Bust' clipABS-CBN NewsShe spent months learning Pekiti-Tirsia Kali, a Filipino martial art that teaches how to use improvised weapons for self-defense. And the result is an Anne Curtis that is decidedly badass in her role as a ruthless drug enforcement agent in Erik Matti's ...'); document.write(''); document.write('WATCH: Anne Curtis Shows Off Martial Arts Skills in \'Buy Bust\' Short - Inquirer.net'); document.write('WATCH: Anne Curtis Shows Off Martial Arts Skills in 'Buy Bust' ShortInquirer.netLast year, we saw Anne Curtis go through hard core training for her role in Buy Bust where she plays a drug enforcement agentNow, we get to see her preparation pay off. Anne and filmmaker Erik Matti both shared a short film they made before the full ...'); document.write(''); document.write('');FictionPress.com FictionPress.com: DefyingReality Story feed for writer: DefyingReality 2018-01-16T09:37:54-08:00 tag:fictionpress.com,2018-01-16:/atom/u/847682/ DefyingReality 2015-04-11T18:11:42-08:00 2015-04-11T18:11:42-08:00 Hiding From Heaven tag:fictionpress.com,2015-04-11:story.3247664 Author: <a href=''>DefyingReality</a><br><a href=''>Supernatural</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>Supernatural/Mystery<br>Chapters: 1, Words: 1,266, Reviews: 0, Rated: T, In-Progress<hr size=1>A young half-angel is sent to public school for her final pretransformation mission. Little does she know that who she meets will change her life forever. Will her view on the world above change, is everything she knows a lie? If it is, how will she take it? DefyingReality 2015-01-31T20:30:06-08:00 2015-01-31T20:30:06-08:00 Nothing but a Zombie tag:fictionpress.com,2015-01-31:story.3233656 Author: <a href=''>DefyingReality</a><br><a href=''>General</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>General<br>Chapters: 1, Words: 73, Reviews: 0, Rated: T, Complete<hr size=1>I guess no description really. i mean. i can't think of any at least DefyingReality 2015-01-05T11:09:41-08:00 2015-01-05T11:09:41-08:00 To See or Not to See tag:fictionpress.com,2015-01-01:story.3228979 Author: <a href=''>DefyingReality</a><br><a href=''>Horror</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>Humor/Supernatural<br>Chapters: 3, Words: 2,219, Reviews: 1, Rated: T, In-Progress<hr size=1>A young girl is matched with a group of other unique teens as well as some mentors to for a special kind of team. Each of of the young adults had presented a certain attribute about themselves that caught the attention of the famous ghost hunter Ronald Hiltsman. Though Marya seemed to be an open book, there is something she was hiding behind her friendly laid back facade, but what?“Art was a secret haven for me.”
Born Beijing, 1957. Lives and works in Beijing
One of Ai Weiwei’s companies is titled Fake, seed carpet his art but his disputatious relationship with the authorities—and his early adoption of the Internet and Twitter—that has made him a darling of the Western media. A frequent critic of the Chinese regime (“They are the No. 1 terrorists. They raped this nation’s ideology and thinking for 60 years,” he has said), Ai Weiwei is also a wealthy businessman. In 2011 he was convicted of evading taxes on a grand scale, spent almost three months in jail, and now faces $2.4 million in back taxes and fines. As of September 2012, he was appealing the charges, which he dismissed as “fabrications”. (Photo by Gao Yuan)This topic contains 7 replies, has 3 voices, and was last updated by Hello 13 years, 8 months ago.
i know she was born in south africa but giannone sounds italian. can anyone tell me exactly what her ethnic background is? and please more screenshots of her please. it seems such a waste of her talents all lonely in the middle of the night i wish she was on BBC primetime. instead they pinch fatboy mccoy!
I don’t care which channel Karin G is on but dodrade is right when he says that she should be on at a time when a lot more people can watch and appreciate her.
Yes it really seems a pity she is not used on the 8pm-midnight shift…..she would work very well with David Foster and Chris Roberts and Steve Dixon,I think.
How about giving her a go on the Sunrise shift?With Steve?
Her talents are useless on the overnights unless you live and/or watch Sky NewsUK in Australasia!
Couldn’t you put Karin G on the shift that Emma Crosby does and let Karin work her away around all of the shifts so that everyone can see her and appreciate her?
Yes that would be a good idea allright…..have you seen karin recently?
I watch the overnight shift from time to time but I have only seen Karin on it once or twice in the last month or so unfortunately. Why aren’t there two presenters presenting on the overnight shift instead of one?
Newsroom+Jul 9 2004, 09:43 PM–>(Newsroom @ Jul 9 2004, 09:43 PM) Yes that would be a good idea allright…..have you seen karin recently?
Im glad to see Karin is back on the 8 -12pm shift tonight (28th July). It’s made my night. Is this going to be a regular occurence her being on the above shift? Please say yes. She’s much better on that shift than on the nightshift. :They are found in shooting stars,
and in flying dandelion seeds,
seen in extinguished birthday candles,
and also in other men’s deeds.
They have made lunatics of greats,
yet they are the power of braves.
They have made people attempt
to raise loved ones from their graves.
Sometimes they nibble the insides
of my mind, they slowly gnaw,
until I am certain that they will
one day consume me, raw.
Then there are those times, when
they give me bliss that’s pure.
They make me overeat my elation,
and leave me wanting for more.
My oldest friends, they are,
they keep me on my toes.
But when there are too many of them,
they turn into my worst foes.
Why do I end up believing
that a blown eyelash will cure?
Why am I always dreaming,
when I know that I remain unsure?
Is there a way to comprehend
if…
View original post 45 more wordsCarmella Rose Health Foundation has four community patient navigators certified by the Harold P. Freeman Institute of Patient Navigation. We are also federal insurance navigators for the Affordable Care Act and are licensed with the Ohio Department of Insurance to facilitate enrollment into the Ohio Expanded Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act.
Our community patient navigator can help with the most basic questions, such as, “Where do I find a doctor?” — to the most complex, such as helping a low-income individual find discount medications. Call 216-658-6025 to help you find the answers you need.
Patient navigators improve quality of care by helping patients and their families and/or caregivers overcome barriers to care and guiding them through the health care continuum to receive timely screenings, preventive care, diagnosis and treatment. Some barriers to receiving prompt medical care may include financial, language and cultural, communication and transportation.
Community patient navigators can help patients find affordable prescription and health insurance coverage, transportation to and from doctors’ appointments, support services and much more. Many hospitals have patient navigators to offer assistance with access to hospital services, and they may have other titles such as patient care associates or patient advocates.
For more information, click on these article links:
- Navigators Defined – A publication of The Center for Health Affairs
- How Patient Navigation Can Cut Costs and Save Lives, Bloomberg News
- Patient Navigator Program at MetroHealthAbstract
Cancer stem cells are an attractive target for immunotherapeutic approaches to glioblastoma. However, an immune inhibitory phenotype of cells currently classified as "glioma-initiating cells" (GIC) might counteract recognition by immune effector cells. Here, we investigate the contribution of the non-classical MHC molecule HLA-E to the immunosuppressive phenotype of GIC. HLA-E is expressed in GIC lines and its expression is reduced upon differentiation of GIC in serum-containing culture conditions..So like i can totally admit that i’ve become a basic bitch (my newest loves are Starbucks and Harry Styles). But anyways, if your looking to start the new year off right, get a soy vanilla latte with a shot of toffee nut syrup (iced or hot) YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. It legit tastes like cake and candy and yummy deliciousness.
AdvertisementsMaking spelling exciting and interactive can be a tough job. I just want to point out a few ideas and sites I’ve come across that might make it easier and I’m going to start with a fantastic website called Doorway Speller. It has a number of different levels,with sets of words covering vowel sounds, blends etc. and also covers topic related vocabulary and common words. It uses the Look, Cover and Write method and you can even set the delay you would like on the look or ‘peek’ feature. The layout is lovely and clear and the activity uses a super child friendly font. If you’ve not tried it before and have been looking for something to use give it a whirl!
For those of you with older computer systems (up to Windows XP) you might like to try installing a freeware program called RnR Spelling. This also uses the Look, Cover and Write system and you can create your own word lists. You can go back and correct errors at any time and there is no limit to the number of times you can retry each word. The program has a clear layout and can be successfully installed on a network (we have done this at school and added lists of all the high frequency words to it). Although not quite as appealing as the Doorway Speller this is, nonetheless, a handy thing to have installed on your system.
The more adventurous speller might require more of a challenge, in which case I’d suggest looking at The Times Spelling Bee challenge area. There’s three levels of difficulty, clues for words (letting you know if the word is a noun, adjective etc.) and an option to listen to the words more than once. The game does required the use of headphone or speakers and is quite fast paced. To extend the activities children could check words they haven’t come across before in dictionaries to research meanings and extend their vocabulary. The robot character adds a fun element and I, for one, a already addicted.
[…] to try here and, for a few ideas regarding spelling activities available online, take a look at this. I hope you’ve found something useful in today’s little bunch of ideas. As Barry Gibb […]search wizard error
hi,
i appliead data assist search wizard to an existing page and when uploaded i get the error:
Fatal error: Cannot instantiate non-existent class: filterdef line 33
the code on that line is:
$WADbSearch2 = new FilterDef;
$WADbSearch2->initializeQueryBuilder("MYSQL","1");
//get the filter definition from a session variable
can anyone help?
many thanksDownload a free Neil Sedaka single and find out which Beyonce album is on sale for $3.99 here.
All Posts | Currently Available
*Expired* Free iTunes Download: Nneka’s The Uncomfortable Truth
Download a free song from iTunes here.
*Expired* Amazon: Free Sampler Albums
Download three free sampler albums from independent artists here.
*Expired* Free Download of Biggest Loser Workout Mix
Download here a one-hour music mix that’s used by Bob and Jillian at The Biggest Loser ranch.
*Expired* Spin Magazine: 10 Free MP3 Downloads (Non-Christmas Music!)
Download 10 songs free from Spin Magazine’s top 10 artists to watch in 2010. Details here…
*Expired* Free Music Download: The Hit Crew’s Christmas and New Year’s Sampler
Download free holiday music here, including some New Year’s favorites…
*Expired* Free 20 Song Starbucks Sampler from iTunes
Become an iTunes fan on Facebook to get a 20-song sampler free. Details here…
*Expired* Even More Free Christmas Music
Check out these three new holiday albums that are free for downloading here…
*Expired* 25 Days of Christmas Music Free
Download a new free Christmas song each day now through December 25. Details here…
*Expired* Free Download of UP Soundtrack
Legally download for free the soundtrack from the movie UP here…By Oona Patrick, Contributor (*)
The Dzanc Books/CNC DISQUIET International Literary Program, a summer program that began in 2011, finished its second two-week adventure in Lisbon, Portugal, on July 13. The program brings 60 North American and international writers to the city for workshops in fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. The program and its local sponsors also host events in which participants can meet well known writers, editors, translators, and experts on Portuguese literature. Portuguese guests have included José Luis Peixoto, Patrícia Reis, Jacinto Lucas Pires, Gonçalo M. Tavares, and António Lobo Antunes (in 2011).
DISQUIET also features a multi-genre workshop called “Writing the Luso Experience” created for writers from North America who have a genealogical link to Portugal or another Lusophone country. Last year the workshop provided support and community for emerging writers, many of whom had met few, if any other Luso-American writers before. More than one participant in the 2011 program called the experience “life-changing.”
The significance of the Luso-American aspects of DISQUIET had become quite apparent by the start of the 2012 program. The Portuguese-American academic Luis Gonçalves told me in June of this year that he now sees “two eras in Portuguese-American writing: Before Disquiet and After Disquiet.” During the program orientation on July 1, I tried to summarize why this program has become so important to emerging Luso-American writers. As the program’s Luso-American Liaison, and also as a participant in the 2011 workshop, I described how DISQUIET had become something larger in our lives than a two-week seminar, and how part of its unique strength is that it includes us within a larger literary community that is already interested in Portugal.
With 14 participants plus workshop leader Frank X. Gaspar and myself, the 2011 “Writing the Luso Experience” workshop is thought to have been among the largest gatherings of Luso-American writers ever. Four writers were fully funded by scholarships from the Luso-American Development Foundation (FLAD), and a fifth received a special Canadian-Portuguese scholarship from the Instituto Camões. One of the most memorable moments occurred on the first day of workshop, when we went around introducing ourselves, and nearly every participant shared a story about beginning to write and thinking that they were the only Luso-American writer, or at least the only writer in their community. There was a sense of excitement at discovering the many experiences we had in common, and of relief that our isolation seemed to be coming to an end.
Finding the Way Back to the Luso Roots
This year another full workshop met. It happened to consist entirely of women, three of them full scholarship winners funded by FLAD. Additional Luso-American participants took part in other DISQUIET workshops as well, bringing the total number of Luso-Americans to have gone through the program to 30. Once again we opened with discussions of finding our way back to our Luso roots, experiences of being misunderstood in the U.S., and how to get attention for Luso writing in the future. There were poets, fiction writers, and memoirists of all ages represented. They hailed from Boston, California, Canada, Cape Cod, Colorado, Florida, New Bedford, and New York. One had even returned for a second year.
The DISQUIET workshops meet in the headquarters of the program’s Portuguese partner, the Centro Nacional de Cultura, which has a history as a gathering place of subversive writers and intellectuals, many of whom had a hand in the Portuguese Revolution in 1974. Every few minutes, Lisbon’s famous tram number 28 squeals by in the street below, causing a pause in the conversation, a pause during which, we were told, the revolutionaries used to conspire in whispers to each other, without fear of being overheard.
Oona Patrick and Luso-American Disquiet participant Shana L. Silva of New Bedford at the Mãe d’Água closing reception on July 13, 2011.
In these rooms in 2011, in the breaks between workshopping pieces, Gaspar inspired the first workshop to start a literary movement for Luso-American writers, to be called Presence/Presença (after the influential 20th-century Portuguese literary journal). That group continued after DISQUIET ended, and told this new group of writers about some of its activities, although many had already become aware of them through our online discussion group. The Presence/Presença group on Facebook, begun after the 2011 DISQUIET, grew into something unexpected. I had imagined that we might find 40 or 50 additional people to join us when I first created the group page, but we have since recruited 130 members. Many new members have told the now familiar story: they had felt alone until finding us, or had never met another Luso-American writer, or had never before felt comfortable identifying as a Luso-American writer, even if they were first generation.
I’ve read that the current generation of Luso-Americans is the most highly educated ever. It seems natural that this would result in this rising tide of emerging writers, many of them the first generation in their families to attend college (this is something else that a number of us at DISQUIET have had in common). Quite a few have attended MFA programs or plan to, and are looking for more of the supportive and positive environments that many MFA programs are providing for creative people. It’s important to note that most of these programs work hard to create a welcoming space for women, racial minorities, and gay people—people who may often feel that they are on the margins.
Connecting Through Common Memories
The first reading in the DISQUIET program that was directly related to Luso-American writing was Frank X. Gaspar’s poetry reading at the New University of Lisbon on July 3. One of the prose poems that he read from his book Late Rapturous, which had just been published, begins in the town where we both grew up:
“I was sitting up on the graves in Provincetown, my back against the old Gaspar stone, and I could feel my grandfather angry and restless and hating to be dead. He wanted to laugh and walk along the wharves and streets and be greeted and hailed and loved, and drink cheap wine again. I should have brought that other stone with me, the black lava rock from Pico Azores that I plucked from the beach outside of what is maybe the little village that all the old ones harbored from, how I could push it into the sandy earth and cover it over and something at last would be done. One day I will bear it here.”
The urge he describes here is to bring a family’s story full circle, to retrieve something from the place of origin and literally bury it in order to repair a breach or quiet a ghost. This impulse seems to be behind much of the Luso-American writing of those whose families lost touch with Portugal or avoided passing on memories of it.
The following day, DISQUIET and FLAD held a dinner in celebration of the work of Brown University Professor Onésimo Almeida at Café no Chiado, which is on the street level of the CNC’s building. Almeida told a moving story of coming to the bookstore that once filled this space, as it was one of the few places in which books banned by the dictatorship’s censors could be secretly procured. FLAD also hosted a celebration of the relaunch of Alfred Lewis’ (1902–77) Home Is an Island by Tagus Press on July 5, featuring UMass Dartmouth Professor and Tagus Press founder Frank Sousa, as well as the Portuguese writer and TV personality Rui Zink.
This republication of the first novel by a Portuguese-American immigrant to be published by a major New York publisher has been a long time coming. When I first heard about Lewis some years ago, I had to visit the rare books room of a university library to read the book in their reading room, and I felt the injustice of its obscurity. Home Is an Island gives us the perspective of a boy growing up on Flores Island in the Azores, which is not so unusual now, but it appeared at a time when there were few such voices to be found in English about the Azores. It’s important that Lewis be available for this new generation of Luso-American writers and readers. It’s both empowering to be able to point to a successful Luso-American writer who published with Random House in 1951, and it’s good to know our true history: that none of us are really the first, and we have a tradition to both follow and attempt to transcend.
Another event with some relevance to Luso-Americans who write about views of Portugal and the Portuguese in North America (and the history of discrimination) was the Roundtable on Foreign Travel Writing on Lisbon, which featured several distinguished scholars from the New University of Lisbon. The panel raised the question of why so many Anglo and Anglo-American writers had written such disparaging lines about Portugal, to the point where these attitudes became an undercurrent in some traditional Anglo views of the country.
The Luso-American participants took part in all the other events of the DISQUIET program, bonding with Lusophiles and those who were completely new to Portuguese culture alike. The program’s nonliterary events included a visit to Portuguese artist Paula Rego’s museum, Casa das Histórias, as well as a film screening, and a fado excursion. The film director Bruno Almeida screened his Art of Amália documentary, and this was followed by an evening trip to fado houses frequented by locals. This led to two unexpected encounters: a very small boy playing bits of a fado on a guitar on the sidewalk outside the restaurant with his father later went inside and played a set to an obviously adoring crowd. He turned out to be the great-nephew of the fadista Amália Rodrigues. Another man talking outside the restaurant with Almeida and other friends of the program turned out to be the famous contemporary fado singer Camané.
Multiple events helped participants increase their understanding of the great poet Fernando Pessoa, including an intricately planned walking tour led by Philip Graham, the author of The Moon, Come to Earth: Dispatches from Lisbon; a workshop called “The Fernando Pessoa Game” led by poet Terri Witek; and a talk placing Pessoa in the context of other 20th-century Portuguese poets by the translator Richard Zenith, who last year treated us to a presentation of photographs and previously unpublished materials from his upcoming biography of Pessoa.
One of the biggest events toward the end of the two weeks was the reading and discussion with the writer Gonçalo M. Tavares in a beautiful room at FLAD that opens out onto a garden. While Tavares’ talk, enhanced by simultaneous translation, did not touch on Luso-American issues directly, what he spoke about was relevant for all of us as writers. He reminded us of the realities of the writing life that we were all about to return to: that it requires long periods of “silence, solitude, and immobility.”
On the last day of the Luso-American workshop, Gaspar repeated his exhortation from 2011 to do “three things differently” in our writing lives. I said a few words about Presence/Presença projects and our future in general. I repeated what is often said: that despite the important successes of writers such as Alfred Lewis, Frank X. Gaspar, Katherine Vaz, and others, Luso-Americans are still awaiting our Toni Morrison or Maya Angelou, the powerhouse writer whose success will break us out into the mainstream.
As the scholar Reinaldo Silva puts it:
.”
Seeking More Visibility
Presence/Presença, true to its name, is insisting on more visibility in the meantime. The first group reading of Luso-American writers ever at the AWP writer’s conference (an annual conference now attended by as many as 10,000 people) took place this March in Chicago, organized by DISQUIET 2011 alum Millicent Accardi. This was followed by more readings in Portuguese communities, including a multilingual event in Montreal in June coordinated by fellow alum Richard Simas, and a reading featuring José Luis Peixoto and Portuguese-American writers in Ironbound in Newark, which was organized by Professor Luis Gonçalves and also took place in June. More are planned, including one at the Cape Cod Cultural Center on August 30 featuring Frank X. Gaspar and organized by poet and active Presence/Presença member José Gouveia, and in several other locations in the fall and spring. The new links forged between previously isolated community organizers on both coasts and in Canada are part of why these events are happening in such rapid succession.
There are also related projects ongoing in Portugal. Pen Pal in Translation, for example, is a project coordinated by Rui Azevedo and others at the University of Lisbon’s Centre for English Studies, another DISQUIET partner. It has led to university students translating into Portuguese the work of a number of emerging Luso-American writers, many of whom have attended DISQUIET.
In all, what the DISQUIET program has done, besides providing the first Luso-American workshop, giving us a place to create a community of creative people (many of whom would be marginalized in traditional environments), and connecting far-flung community leaders, is to give us a larger world of English-language readers, writers, reviewers, and publishers with whom to collaborate. DISQUIET has become an escape hatch out of isolation, insularity, and obscurity.
_______________
(*) Oona Patrick is a native of Provincetown, Massachusetts, who lives in Brooklyn, New York. She earned degrees from Brown University and the Bennington Writing Seminars and writes about her family’s history in Portuguese Provincetown and the Azores Islands. Her lyric essays, prose poems, and interviews have appeared in Paragraph, Gulf Coast, Provincetown Arts, Gávea-Brown, Salamander, the UMass Writing Program’s Text-Wrestling Book, Imaginários Luso-Americanos e Açorianos: do outro lado do espelho, and elsewhere, and she is a nonfiction editor for Post Road Magazine. Her writing has received Notable Essay citations in Best American Essays and Best American Travel Writing. After traveling to the Azores and the Alentejo for residencies, she became the Luso-American Liaison for the Dzanc Books/CNC DISQUIET International Literary Program in Lisbon, Portugal. She also started the online group for Presence/Presença, a new community for North American writers of the Portuguese diaspora founded at the first DISQUIET in 2011.
Some related links:News
How the Natives Dance
I know that some cultures have complex rites and rituals, but I didn’t know that some of them have gone high-tech!
Check out edsel12’s Disneyland photos for behind-the-scenes images of some of your favorite attractions. They’re pretty neat, and very revealing (spoiler alert!). Boy, I wish I could kick back in the Pirates of the Caribbean control tower for a day. I’ll bet the view from there is awesome..”8 Inspiring Metal Wall Units Image Ideas
Wall units - 8 Inspiring Metal Wall Units Image Ideas
Dwelling in your home containing the whole center as well as gorgeous is becoming the expectation everybody’s life. Let make our dream come true because design our home is not difficult and also not expensive if you can design by the right way. Whenever we want design our house particularly living area is easy you can try to find the furnishings that could apply from the minimalist way. You can set up the wall system. It is not have to have the big space so that you can make use of the kept space for other operate. Fine we will explain in regards to the wall system design. Don’t neglect to open certainly one of 8 Inspiring Metal Wall Units Image design using the appropriate storage space it means every storage space has got the operate. Then to make your design maximize splendor look for the match shade the wall system and the fresh paint shade needs to be exact same sculpt.
Moreover you have to be wise in determining your cost, your capacity to purchase calculations is essential. Each and every component of your design needs to be a part of your note. Please foresee the price of your design. So, according to you capability and your design you can easy design your wall unit.
Fine now you may begin to see the encouraged image of wall system. It possibly quite great as it is from numerous sources ideally you can consider the motivation from all of these 8 Inspiring Metal Wall Units Image Ideas.Annual Hermitage Classic in Oldham County wraps up Sunday
Dozens of competitors traveled from across the country and judges, from other countries, to be in Oldham County for the Hermitage Classic is a three-day, combined driving event held at Hermitage Farm.
"The first day is dressage, second day is cross country through hazards, water and around obstacles," said Steve Wilson, co-owner of Hermitage Farm.
Sunday was the third day of the event, where drivers maneuvered their horse-drawn carriages through an obstacle of about 20 cones.
The object was to make it through within a limited amount of time without knocking a cone.
"It is just a thrilling thing. I think people don't realize what people do in carriages with horses, they think you are just going down the road for a nice little drive," said spectator Christine Sypitkowski.
The sport is most popular in Europe, but it's been getting more attention in the United States.
It grabbed Wilson's attention four years ago when Kentucky hosted the World Equestrian Games.
Wilson decided to bring the sport to Oldham County through a public event. It continues to grow every year.
"Now we are going to be the location of the national singles championship next fall," said Wilson.
What makes this event so special are the horses, the beautiful countryside and the nostalgia.
"Sometimes I think of it like when I was a little girl, you get to play dress up and put your mom's clothes on. And it is fun getting dressed up and wearing hats and doing all the traditional things and when you look back at how things were done, it is nice to go back to some of that tradition," said Sypitkowski.
The Hermitage Classic is an annual event in its fifth year.Despite yoga’s more mainstream position these days it never ceases to amaze me how the “Muggles” still perceive us and what we do, a newspaper article last weekend actually described us as “bendy, glassy eyed, sun saluting farters”. Even the medical profession don’t get it, as was demonstrated by Nurse Jolly Hockey Sticks at my own health check last week.
After NJHS had weighed me (9 stones, 6lbs) and said “you’re a bit of a lightweight!” Though the BMI was at the bottom end of the scale, but not too light. She went on to ask if I ate healthily and if I did any exercise. I told her I do yoga 6 days a week, I could see it in her eyes before she even spoke, her idea of yoga clearly wasn’t Ashtanga, I couldn’t be bothered to enlighten her, so she gave me a small red book about healthy eating, having skimmed through it I think it’s aimed at people who live in McDonald’s and need to lose a few pounds, not a skinny yogi who has a post practice croissant habit and likes a regular dose of chocolate. (We won’t mention the books fruit section Miss Bysh).
She clearly had her doubts about my health, ok I’ve had surgery lately and still have a way to go with recovering, but I’m getting there. Eek out of nowhere she produces a bloody great needle and some vials to test for Diabetes and Cholesterol and has the nerve to tell me not to be nervous, seeing her holding a needle is enough to send anyone’s blood pressure off the scale with good reason, she made 2 painful failed attempts to get blood out of my left arm before saying ” I think your lefts had enough, let me try the right, I usually get it first time“. I left with 2 sore arms covered in plasters, but a week later the scores are in and I don’t have diabetes or high cholesterol , so the chocolate and cake diet can continue.
Back on the mat I’ve managed a few more full practices, the stamina is returning, practice at AYL feels easy in the heat, with no distractions except for the odd friendly smile. I’m dropping back again on my own, though Louise is watchful enough to come and assist when they start looking dodgy.
Part 2 is online, link below.
Part two of the video interview I did for Ekaminhale in Mysore was published this week, I’m again amazed at the response, if you want to watch it clicke HERE.The Langley School District invites
applications for casual, on-call Bus Drivers.
This is a great job for
parents of school-age children who are interested in working for a few hours in
the morning and after school.
Qualifications include:
Completion of Grade 10
Class 2 Driver’s License with air brakes
Acceptable driving record
Valid First Aid Certificate
Ability to interact with students in an
effective manner
Ability to communicate effectively using tact
and discretion in the explanation and clarification of information
Rate of Pay: $22.92
per hour
Interested applicants should submit a complete application
package by 4pm on
Thursday, January
25, 2018
Please go to the link below for
instructions on how to apply.
Documents
should be in Word or pdf format. Please
note that we only accept electronically submitted applications. No walk-ins or
phone calls please..I Have To Keep Holding On
Have you ever wanted to give up? Why or why not? Well, share your story. 38 People
Holding OnHave you ever loved someone you know you can never have?have you ever felt like you just wanted to let go but you're too in love to let go? . he loves me.. but the question was for how long? to what extent? I never wanted to know.. or should i say i already know but i'm just not...
...I have to believe that life is going to be and that there is nothing that I cannot handle. I have to keep holding on believing that tomorrow will come.
Someday, I want to stand talland say I made it. I want to reminisce everything that happened to me and say that things have gotten better. I want to look at my home from the front door and be satisfied. I want to be able to see how much the world has changed. I just have to keep holding on right now...
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
-Bruce Lee
I bet you are very busy.
Hell, we are all busy. Society is busy.
School, work, kids, job, groceries, food, exercise, friends, meetings, and then we fill any leftover time with other things we deem “important” (which usually aren’t).
We pack all these “to dos” into our head to a point of bursting. This “overfull” brain creates a chaotic always distracted mind that has trouble focusing, sleeping, and enjoying the moment. It weighs us down. We develop ADD.
Make no mistake about it: This is a nation-wide epidemic. It is the by-product of our over-connected and always on-demand society and almost everyone in our Western culture is afflicted some way or another.
I’m not preaching… I’m as guilty as the next guy.
Sure, I meditate and would consider myself a “self-aware” person, but I still find myself fighting what the Buddhists call “monkey mind.”
I lose control. My mind wanders. I worry and stress. Sometimes I’m better, sometimes it’s bad.
It’s a never-ending battle.
But at least I am conscious of it and trying to get better…
And what about you?
Did you know how damaging it is to let your mind wander? Do you realize how much enjoyment you are robbing yourself of when you are living in the past or future or when you are obsessing over your long “to do” list?
Did you know that you can find happiness in life, reduce suffering, and get more done by coming to the present and quieting your overactive mind?
You can, and it’s amazing.
I’m not going to go into a long explanation of meditation and mindfulness here, but I will say this: You have to start somewhere.
Try the Headspace app or search “how to meditate” in Google. Start meditating or being mindful a few minutes here and there as you go about your day when you running errands, driving, and waiting in line.
Meditation and mindfulness isn’t the only way you can reduce the stress that comes from a hyper-active mind. You can also start eliminating stuff from your life.
Less is more.
Life is more enjoyable and fulfilling and less stressful when you are doing and thinking about less. The same is true when you give more attention to fewer things—you will be more effective and get more enjoyment out of what you do.
More than ever we are bombarded by distractions in the form of the Internet, TV, movies, books, podcasts, YouTube, social media, apps, games, etc. The more we pile on, the less effective and enjoyable life becomes because the more distracted we become. This distraction creates a constantly stimulated mind that can’t focus or be still. And this puts on loads of strain to the conscious and subconscious mind.
It weakens your mind.
A distracted mind causes you to worry about things that don’t matter. It makes you short-tempered. You make a big deal about things that aren’t a big deal. It makes you always feel impatient, rushed or hurried, and like you are never “doing enough” in life.
In fact, your distracted mind is probably ruining your life!
Listen: Don’t take this lightly. This is important stuff. If you feel like something is “off” in your life, or if you have a feeling of “discontent” stirring beneath the surface, then you should take that as a sign that you need to start working on your mind.
Simple breathing and focus exercises like meditation and mindfulness can strengthen your control of your mind. They can eliminate stress and calm you down. But before you can start implementing techniques like this, you have to first recognizing that you have a problem.
Trust me, you do. One way or another, you do. So accept it and make it a goal to get better. If you want some reasons why you should make it a goal, Google these topics:
- “Distractions and mental health”
- “Meditation benefits”
- “Mindfulness benefits”
- “Cell phone and mental health”
- “Multitasking and mental health”
Start eliminating distractions from your life. Spend more time in stillness. Take a walk and be in the moment with friends and family. Take your time. Stop feeling rushed. Breathe.
Instead of adding more, subtract. Do less.
Life is better when it’s simpler, and you’ll be better at it. When you know how to focus, you’ll get more done and feel better doing so.
Action: Look at your “to do” list and start deleting. Then, if something keeps coming up, you know it’s worth doing. But until that happens, hit “delete” and forget about it.
Start enjoying the moment. Look around and see everything—notice the smallest details. Quiet your racing mind. Listen to people. Engage with them. Be fully in the moment. Put your freaking cell phone away.
Focus on doing fewer things better instead or a lot of things average.
Less is more. The less floating around your head, the better.
This stuff can change your life.
Yours in Life and Fitness,
-Colin StuckertWhat’s the secret to a long lasting marriage?
“Love your spouse more than yourself.”
Sharon — married 54 years to James
Robert stayed with a couple a few weekends ago, and discovered they’d been married more than 50 years. As is our custom when we meet couples married for more than 50 years, one of the first questions we ask is,
“If you could give one piece of advice to a newlywed couple, what would it be?”
and her answer was the above quote: “Love your spouse more than yourself.”
LOVE is the secret to a long lasting marriage.
Yup. You’re rolling your eyes.
Love. Sounds pretty far-fetched doesn’t it?
Because how can you continue to love your spouse… all those years? How can this touchy-feely stuff be the secret to a long lasting marriage? Your spouse isn’t always lovable, is he? Is she? (I’m guessing you’re not always lovable either, huh?)
I’ll let another couple – Charles and Mary, married 59 years in August – answer that question:
Charles and Mary are Robert’s parents.
When they visited us, Alex (our son) took them into his studio to answer a few questions about marriage. Here’s another short clip about their view of love in marriage:
Ask for Love to be Restored
Maybe it isn’t about the Hollywood-style smoochy kind of love.
Consider. Maybe this love – the one that is the secret to a long lasting marriage – is a love with its roots in a wonderful, amazing, ever-renewing Source. Yes. I’m talking about God. One God. Our loving Father. The creator of everything we hear, see, smell and touch, who allowed His ONLY Son to sacrifice His life – for us. For you. And your spouse.
Can we ask that loving God to restore our love – a selfless, Christ-like love – for each other? Or perhaps we need to ask that He helps us build that kind of love between us…
It’s a love that isn’t about human, self-driven emotion. It’s a love that is self-less – making less of yourself – and more of the other one… It’s a love that perseveres. Regardless.
This kind of love serves – without expecting anything in return.
This kind of love encourages – looking for and at the good.
This kind of love forgives – again, and again, and again…
This kind of love shares good stuff – without holding back.
This kind of love sacrifices – knowing what the other person needs.
This kind of love doesn’t change – whether the love is returned or not.
Marriage isn’t 50% and 50% — It’s 100% and 100%.
Arnold — married 61 years to Rose
You’ve heard that quote before, haven’t you? Arnold and Rose know the secret to a long lasting marriage. And it hasn’t always been easy for them. Even today, it’s not easy. They still persevere in love.
Why the focus on LOVE?
Why am I writing this post – now?
While a post on the secret to a long lasting marriage might be good at any time, it’s especially important for Robert and me this week. On Friday we’ll be celebrating our 32nd wedding anniversary.
32 years is still a teenager marriage by the standards of those married more than 50 years. However, we still need to keep working on our relationship.
It’s not a “done” deal. We can’t coast.
Love needs to be nurtured in every marriage, regardless of how many years you’ve been together.
You don’t need to “feel” love, to behave in a loving manner. Sometimes the action comes before feeling. Remember what Charles said in that first video?
“Love is not really just an emotion – it’s an act of will.“
Charles – married 59 years to Mary
Choose 10 Loving & Selfless Things To Do For Your Spouse
Here are 25 options – choose 10. Or make up your own… the point is to do them. And expect nothing in return.
- Give him/her a beautiful apple – and say, “You’re the apple of my eye.”
- When you know it’s going to rain that day, put an umbrella by your spouse’s bag/purse.
- Wake him/her up with kisses – all over.
- Make a video/slide show of all your favorite photos together – spend the evening reminiscing.
- Tell your spouse that you admire her/him – and why. If you can’t think of a reason… here’s a resource.
- Do a load of laundry – fold it – put it away. If you normally do this, then find something that needs to be cleaned/drycleaned of his/hers that’s been overlooked. Do that. Ask first, though, just in case. 🙂
- Buy some sparklers – go outside after dark and play together. Just the two of you.
- Arrange for a night out for your spouse and one of his/her friends. (guy time – girl time)
- Put clean sheets on the bed. Wash, dry and fold the others. Put a chocolate on the pillow.
- Send her/him a fun post-card in the mail. (Try the app “postagram” – it uses one of your smart-phone pictures & they’ll mail it.)
- Make him/her an ice-cream sundae – top it with a cherry and whipped cream.
- Buy her/him a “Best Wife Ever” or “Best Husband Ever” T-shirt. (or make one – try Pinterest)
- Reminisce about your first kiss together. Then make new memories. 😉
- Meet him/her at the car when they arrive home, and help carry in stuff. (Even if it’s only one thing.)
- Thank your spouse for being the person God made them to be. (It’s not about what they do.)
- Ask your spouse about his/her day – then listen, without talking. (It’s OK to ask questions.)
- Massage his/her feet.
- Learn how to say “I love you” in sign language – and other languages! Text them – send a video!
- Create a Geo-Greeting – – It’s the coolest thing. Really – check it out!
- If your spouse is fully engaged on the computer/in front of the TV – bring her/him something they like to drink – then walk away without interrupting.
- Pray for your spouse. Diligently. With purpose. Use Stormie Omartians’ books for wife/husband.
- Ask what you can do for your spouse – then follow through.
- Make your spouse laugh. Tell jokes. Or watch a funny video together and laugh. Laughter is good medicine.
- Buy her/him a cupcake – add a sparkler – because your spouse needs to be celebrated.
- Plant a tree together. Let it be a long-lasting tribute to the two of you. (If you don’t own a piece of ground, then talk with your church. Ask to plant a tree on that property.) The point? Do it together as a symbol of your love.
Don’t put off doing the 10 things you choose…
It’s so easy to get “caught up” – to procrastinate. Remember: every marriage needs nurturing. Even if it’s going well this year, or it’s a disaster-sized year, your spouse needs to feel like you love him/her.
Because you still want to be married next year – and in 10 years – and when you’re married 50 years! So do we.
Make it a great marriage!
(click HERE to see the GEOgreeting I’m going to send Robert on Friday!)
This is such great advice! A real gem that I will come back to for sure.
Thanks so much for stopping in, Alice.Join the Boston Sunday Night Film Club this Sunday, Jun 26th at 7pm for Tickled at the Kendall Square Cinema. Look for Sean wearing a nametag in the theatre lobby about 15 minutes before the film. As always, after the film we will descend on a local establishment for dinner/drinks/discussion.
A journalist sets out to uncover the threats, secret identities and criminal activity that lie at the heart of a mysterious online tickling empire.Heathwood Hall’s boys cross country team had a Top 10 showing at the Lake Murray Invitational on Saturday at Crooked Creek Park in Chapin.
The Highlanders finished in a tie for 10th place with public-school Eastside placed 10th with 288 points, but won the tie breaker based on a higher finish by its No. 6 runner, Preston Frankstone. Frankstone beat Eastside’s sixth man to the finish line by eight seconds. He was 78th in the final standings, one spot ahead of the Eastside runner.
West Summers was at the top of Heathwood’s tight pack at the finish line. Summers finished 42nd with a time of 18 minutes, 52.82 seconds. No. 5 man Ian Buckley was 66th and clocked in at 19:55.03). In between were Landon Sanford (56th, 19:20.27), Preston Busbee (59th, 19:40.19) and Burk Knowlton (65th, 19:52.98).
The Highlanders girls finished 13th with Brooke Grice (45th, 22:33.88) leading the way.How Sequestration Cuts Could Affect Biomedical Research
Dean Kenneth Polonsky, MD
In today’s Chicago Tribune, Peter Frost spoke with Kenneth Polonsky, MD, Executive Vice President for Medical Affairs and Dean of Division of the Biological Sciences, about how these cuts will affect biomedical research:
About $17 million in annual research funding at the U. of C. is in jeopardy, said the academic health system’s top official, Dr. Kenneth Polonsky. If the cuts remain long term, the university may consider furloughs, freezing open positions and reducing funding to some of its scientists, he said.
The mounting financial pressure “is very, very ugly,” Polonsky said. “The academic medical centers in particular are absolutely frantic.”
Dean Polonsky also wrote an editorial when Congress was debating these same issues back in November (at that time the buzzword was “fiscal cliff”), in which he underscored the importance of funding for scientific research:.Description
Done Right Cleaning Inc. is one of Saskatoon's leading commercial and industrial cleaning solutions providers. Offering full janitorial services, Done Right will ensure that your office or workplace environment is kept professionally cleaned.
With the best products, staff, and techniques in the industry, Done Right will provide an individually tailored service to fit your requirements and budget. Service is available 24/7 to fit your business' unique timetable.
Throughout years of serving Saskatoon and area businesses, Done Right has learned how to make them shine. Why not let them do the same for you?
When you're ready to benefit from the expertise of a company that offers personalized, dedicated service, call Done Right Commercial Cleaning Inc. for your free estimate.
Recommendations
Please login to add a recommendation.The Behavioral, Epidemiologic and Health Services Research Group (BEHSR) is one of several groups of the International Association for Dental Research. The purpose of BEHSR is to promote and encourage research in the behavioral and social sciences and dental health services. These scientific areas include research on professions and public education, epidemiology of oral diseases and their prevention, behavioral studies of pain and anxiety, utilization of dental services, clinical decision analysis, evaluation of alternative treatments, delivery systems and their effects on oral health, as well as other subjects.
The Group has a membership of more than 450 professionals from multiple disciplines and is active in fostering excellence in behavioral, epidemiological, social and health services research through many mechanisms.
The Group:
Currently the Group rewards scientific accomplishments through several awards:
The Group interacts extensively with other Groups in IADR. BEHSR often works with other Groups to co-sponsor scientific symposia and poster and oral presentation sessions. Members of BEHSR also are selected frequently to present or give posters in scientific sessions wholly sponsored by other Groups.
The Group interacts extensively with the leadership of the IADR. BEHSR members have served on IADR Committees and have been elected to IADR offices.
The BEHSR Group is open to any member of the IADR. BEHSR membership dues are $15 (US). The BEHSR especially encourages students to become members and participate in Group activities. Students can become members at no cost. New members are welcome to apply at any time of the year. IADR members may belong to as many Groups as they wish.
The BEHSR Group encourages all of its members to be active in the work of the Group. All members are welcome and encouraged to attend Business Meetings held during IADR meetings. Other opportunities to contribute to the Group include becoming an elected officer (nominations due around January of each year), helping to review abstracts submitted for the AADR and IADR meetings, serving on award selection committees and on other special workgroups. Interested members should contact any of the current BEHSR officers (listed on the Group’s home page) who can help explore opportunities for participation.
In its mission to promote oral research in the behavioral and social sciences and health services, BEHSR strongly encourages the submission of creative and high-quality abstracts describing research findings in presentations and posters for the annual IADR and AADR meetings. It also encourages suggestions for symposia - oral presentations along a cohesive theme of great interest to BEHSR and other IADR members. Ideas should be directed to the BEHSR Program Director or Symposium Coordinator. Symposia applications are usually due about August of each year, and abstracts for posters and oral presentations usually are due in October. Instructions for submission are distributed by the IADR well in advance of the due dates.
We look forward to having you as a member of BEHSR!
Mary Tavares
PresidentHow To Avoid A Second Dui Charge
Thus thousands of owners have already been arrested – no doubt several deservedly so – to the basis of a 30-year old study that, experts claim, hasn’t been released in a clinical newspaper, never tried on a large scale with a handle party and, probably more astonishing, has nothing to do with disability. Burns admits upfront the exams are made simply to measure drunkenness, not whether you happen to be a menace traveling.
This unique type of lawyer makes up about symbolizing culprits apprehended regarding utilizing drugs that are forbidden or finding alcohol-based cocktails beyond legally authorized volumes. The job of the DUI lawyer might not look difficult, nevertheless it could possibly not be easy, regarding the specific situation being managed’s type.
If you got into your car if you have had several drinks , you should be prepared for the implications . Apart from the increased threat of engaging in a-road crash, you’ll also confront possible dui charges . When you are on the street , and when an includes a motive to think that you’re drunk or swallowed, dui charges he is able to pull you over the facet of the road and check on you. In such a circumstance, what in the event you do ?
Cassidy is best recognized for his position about the 70’s hit collection ” The Partridge Family.” On Thursday it had been described by TMZ that Cassidy were imprisoned for Driving-Under the Influence.
RI laws are challenging for a reason. Recently, their state was presented with the doubtful honor of being called together of the Dangerous Fifteen -the claims with all the best portion DUI- associated car deaths. In fact, RI was next because listing, a fact that’s generated tougher dui laws of cracking down on drunk owners in hopes. Latest data from the Department of Travel show restricted progress from 2006.
As of the focus, it’s vital to make sure your probability attorney is truly specializing in DWI DUI or perhaps the like. You could be wondering why. Okay, you ‘ll be given a real life predicament for my statement by me. In supermarket, there are pieces that are numerous. Consequently, if you’d like to purchase meat, would you try to go to the bread part? Same likewise when you employ an attorney. You’ve to choose one who is actually inside the distinct charges and DUI cases.
There is of this really a normal illustration noticed in the existing situation of North Michigan resident Hoffa who’s enduring legal troubles previously this year after pleading guilty to numerous expenses. Carrying out a poke process in may 2009, Hoffa was jailed on prescribing medication as well as drunk driving laws five legitimate issues including several kinds of healthcare scams, medication control fees. Therefore, Hoffa is permit was hanging plus they was sentenced to operate ninety hrs of area service to two decades of probation. Furthermore, Hoffa was restricted from smashing any felony legislation or consuming any product that was managed.
Know regulations – realizing the law is not unimportant if you do not want to get hassled all the time about numerous DUI concerns. When you have difficulties with drinking, make sure that you know all that there’s to understand about arrests and DUI. It is crucial that you continually be aware of the principles and regulations which you keep of their boundaries as much as possible. When by any possibility you side step anywhere, be sure you possess a lawyer handling such concerns on your behalf.M - Th : 9am - 7pm • Fri: 9am - 6pm • Sat: 9am - 5pm • Sun: Closed
Closed
West Virginia
Clayton Homes of Elkins, West Virginia first opened in the summer of 1990 and have been selling and servicing Clayton brand homes for over two decades.
With a vast selection of floor plans to choose from and unbeatable prices, we are sure to find a home for any and every situation and lifestyle. Come by and visit with us today!Click Yes and then Allow to receive latest Job Notifications from Freshersworld
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily, as assigned. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview, Telephonic Interview
Lamrins World life Solutions is to help our clients improve IT Efficiency and business profitability. We combine our energy for work with our passion for life. Our creativity in more enriched Lifestyle. We share the desire to maximize human potential to achieve personal dreams
Lamrins World life Solutions is creativity to help people achieve their goals. Our motivation others to enthusiasm inspire others to succeed. We will develop new ways of doing business with the aim of doubling the size of our company while reduce our environmental impact.
We've always believe in the power of brands to improve the quality of people's lives and in doing the right thing. As our business growth so do our responsibilities.
We will become the world's most valued company to patients, customers, colleagues, investors, business partner and the communities where we work and live.
Fully solved online mock placement papers with latest test pattern,count down timer,detail test analysis with answer and explanation is available at Power Placement Preparation:P3.Start your preparation now with P3 and increase your success probabiltiy.
LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS recruiting HR Recruiter Experienced(0 to 0.6 Years) candidates in Chennai. The LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS vacancies for HR Recruiter is filled through Face to Face Interview, Telephonic Interview etc. LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS jobs for Experienced(0 to 0.6 Years) candidates are very common in nature as the company recruits a lot of Experienced(0 to 0.6 Years) candidates every year based on the skills -Microsoft excel, English Speaking, Staffing and Recruiting. The candidates with ME/M.Tech, M.Com, BBA/BBM, BSc, BCA, MBA/PGDM, BE/B.Tech, MS, PG Diploma, MSc, B.Com, MCA LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS recruitment, Experienced(0 to 0.6 Years) candidates are mostly chosen for the department HR / Admin. To learn more about the current jobs and other details, it is better to go through official site of LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS and Freshersworld. The Freshersworld is a leading employment portal that researches the official site of LAMRINS WORLD LIFE SOLUTIONS and provides details about the current vacancies, the application process, selection process, test details, important dates and other information.
Your application has not been considered as this Job is restricted to Premium Candidates only. In order to apply, Upgrade to Premium Membership now.Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber: Slow Kink, Sensuality & the Undefended Heart. With London Faerie & Ruby May
Berlin: February 27 – 28, London: March 19 – 20, Copenhagen: May 28 – 29.
We’re told that the heart has four chambers.
What they don’t tell us is that there’s a fifth chamber
- a secret one -
Here’s where you lock away the things you want to hide even from yourself: your tenderest vulnerability, your deepest longings, your most shameful desires.
Unlock the Secret Chamber and everything changes.
Unlock the Secret Chamber and you discover a richness of connection and rawness of intimacy that lies beyond your imagination.
Unlock the Secret Chamber and you become whole.
Lady Cacao is gentle, gracious and relentless in touching these hidden parts of you. She’s the spirit of sacred chocolate, a plant medicine that’s been corrupted and bastardised for its delicious, sweet taste. You’re not going to open the Secret Chamber, however many Galaxies you cram into your mouth! We’ll be sharing a blend of raw, ceremonial grade Cacao from Guatemala and Bali, and inviting the gentle spirit of this ally to support us in finding the right key.
Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber is a new collaboration by London Faerie & Ruby May. We share a passion for creating intimate spaces where people can explore their edges safely. We both love the medicinal and magical properties of sensuality, kink and Cacao. The question we’re asking ourselves this time is: what happens when we create a space for those three things at once?
There's only one way to find out!
Faerie says:
Since encountering the work of M. Scott Peck in the late 90s, I’ve been fascinated by how vulnerability opens us up to each other and allows a deeper intimacy to flourish. Then my journey led me to BDSM, where I discovered that both dominant and submissive are in a vulnerable place. This is why kinky encounters are often so profound, so touching and so damned sexy!
In the past few years I’ve worked closely with Lady Cacao as a guide and ally. She’s helped me open up my secret chamber and showed me how important it is to be tender and undefended in my relationships.
I’m very excited to bring together three of my great curiosities in this workshop – and of course to work with my darling friend and soul sister Ruby May. Join us for an adventure into depth and sensitivity – and pleasure, of course. Always pleasure.
Find out more about Faerie here
Ruby says:
To see and be seen in our entirety – this is our fear and our longing, and where so much of the magic happens. This focus of our weekend exploration invites us to enter a different kind of state together: where we slow down, drop down into a deeper, more embodied presence, and become much more honest with ourselves and each other, than we are perhaps in daily life.
This is what creates the edge we dance with: safety, yet so much more excitement, that comes from the opportunities to be courageous, reveal ourselves and discover lesser known aspects of ourselves. These kinds of encounters offer a particular kind of nourishment that are souls crave for.
Of course all of this always comes back to the heart – it is the heart that seeks to integrate and embrace all, regardless of whether appropriate, taboo or scary. And what a beautiful addition to our weekend – to receive the support and guidance of Cacao, a gentle plant ally, which I have been working with over the past three years. This plant teacher has so much to share with us – not only about opening our hearts, but about our connection to earth, the power of intention, of ritual, of listening, humility, and so much more. It is a great pleasure and honour to join my colleague and dear friend Faerie to embark on this adventure with you!
To find out more about Ruby here and more about her work with Cacao, here
Join us for a weekend of ritual, embodied play and togetherness...
The weekend will offer opportunities to explore our desires and fears, intimacy, sensuality and surrender, where the focus is on ‘permission’ rather than ‘pushing’, and each participant goes at their own pace and respects their own boundaries. We’ll leave room for spontaneity and the unknown, allowing Lady Cacao to take us where she want us to go, so the magic can unfold…
We look forward to diving deep with you soon!
Who is this workshop for?
Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber is a Level 3 (Intermediate) event and is aimed at those with some experience working with conscious sexuality, BDSM or personal growth. You’ve probably attended some workshops with Ruby, Faerie or other facilitators, or explored your sexuality in another way.
This workshop is not suitable for people who are brand-new in all these areas. If you’re a newbie and want a suitable event to attend, please check out Intimately or Authentic Eros.
If you’re not sure whether Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber is for you, please email Faerie (faerie @ sacredpleasures . co . uk) or Ruby (info @ alchemy-eros . co . uk) and we’ll be happy to chat with you about it.
Pricing & Practical Info
The third and final Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber in Copenhagen takes place at:
CHAI (Copenhagen Heart Awakening Institute)
This event is open to individuals, couples and poly groups.
It runs at the following times:
Saturday May 28th, 11am – 9pm
Sunday May 29th, 11am – 6pm
Lady Cacao’s Secret Chamber is a complete journey and you need to be there from start to finish. We also recommend against planning a big Saturday night out, as this will take away from your experience of participating in the workshop.
This workshop is priced at 1800 DKK per person
Please email Tantra@tantrazone.dk to register
To register
Please send an email to inner doorways @ gmail.com
Lady Cacao was inspiring: I felt rooted, open hearted, well connected to my core.Robin
A magical and connecting experienceAnna
We could see each other and accept us as we are – and I could come closer to discover, see and feel the essence who I am. Afterwards, I felt full, alive, solid and strong.MarcI
Wow, look at you go. Way to start your summer break. I'm impressed. So proud of you for completing your first year of teaching and surviving. You did an amazing job. Here's to a great summer of fun and relaxing. Love you-
Mom
yay lohren! glad you're blogging again. miss all you girls!
Lohren you are so cute!!! Thank you for your comment. I am excited we can stay in touch too! Put up more pictures I want to see more of you and your honey. PS your look beautiful on your wedding day (even though its like a 1/4 of your face).Ferry Duijsens (Punto) was born in Heerlen, the Netherlands on 09–05– 1980. He started playing guitar at the age of 9 years. In his teen-years he was mostly influenced by the styles grunge, metal and hardcore of those famous bands that marked the early 90’s.
After playing in different bands he was invited to step into a band called ‘Dreadlock Pussy’ in 2001. As the dutch frontier of the Nu-Metal scene the band had national success, played big festivals (Pinkpop, Lowlands) and did supportacts for Disturbed, Machine Head, Rammstein, Therapy?, Hed Pe. Moreover they enjoyed airplay on national metal programs on TMF, The Box.
After Dreadlock Pussy broke up, Punto went on with other bands like Viberider and Kill Ferelli.
Both bands had remarkable success:
Viberider performed on Pinkpop 2007.
Released 2 albums, got distributed by Rough Trade Benelux.
Kill Ferelli eventually had airplay on the dutch radiostation 3FM and was supportact for Anneke van Giersbergen’s Everything is Changing EU-Tour 2012.
Punto is also playing in Anneke van Giersbergen’s band since 2010. They enjoyed a lot of tours and visited many countries; Latin America, Europe, US, Russia, Scandinavia etc.
They also did a lot of great support-shows for bands like ‘Within Tempation’ and ‘Anathema’.
In juli 2014 he assisted Sebastian Bach as a guitartech for his ’EU ‘Give em Hell’ tour.
During that tour he played the acoustics on a regular basis live for the rockballad classic
‘I remember you’ by Skid Row. And played many clubshows and big festivals with him across Europe
(Graspop, Sonisphere, Masters of Rock, Bang Your Head)
Punto is also active as dutch producer for mainly stoner, doom bands and as a songwriter. He co-wrote a couple of songs for Anneke’s latest album ‘Drive’.
Future live-project are:
‘The Sirens’
(Anneke van Giersbergen (the Gathering), Liv Kristine (Theater of Tragedy, Leaves Eyes), Kari Rueslåtten (the 3rd and the Mortal).
‘The Gentle Storm’
A project of Arjen Lucassen (Vengeance, Ayreon) and Anneke.Street Food in far away lands is one of the main reasons we all enjoy travelling, right? Here, I will take you through a little guide on what I consider to be the very top 5 food products you can find in street markets all over Asia, from the Sub-Continent to Far East!
5. The Bhaji is the most well-known snack/street food to have originated in India but they are now considered a delicacy all over Asia. Much like samosas, Bhajis can be eaten in between meals and are commonplace on streetfood stalls and in night markets everywhere, especially in Mumbai.
4. Pisang Goreng is fresh banana covered in deep-fried batter. This is a very sweet snack, and more often than not used for desserts. It originated in Indonesia, but is also very famous now in Malaysia and Singapore. For more information on Pisang Goreng, and other delectable Indonesian food, check out my blog on Indonesian Foodporn!
3. It may look like sushi, but in fact Kimbap is altogether different. It originated in Korea and is a mainstay on streets across the country, especially in Seoul. Kimbap is so popular among the locals and tourists that is usually given pride of place in street markets to get the attention of passers-by.
2. You could say Khao Tom Mat is an ‘Indochinese’ variation of the Pisang Goreng. It is basically fresh banana covered by Thai sticky rice, and is a firm favourite with locals and travellers in central and northern Thailand and in Laos. Black beans can be added for some pizzazz!
1. The best street food out there is Takoyaki! Known for its prominence in Japan, and especially in the Osaka region, Takoyaki is fried octopus covered in batter, and is served usually with layers upon layers of sauces and spices.
Of course, there are other fascinating street foods everywhere you look in Asia, regardless of which country you’re travelling through. However, the above 5 snacks are surely the ones you should seek out first!
12 thoughts on “Top 5 Asian street foods for backpackers”
Looks great! Would love to try back packing soonest! Any tips? 🙂
Kimbab, takoyaki and of course, pisang goreng, are my fav!
Do you know how hard it is to buy Pisang Goreng in the UK? I know of like 2 restaurants in London that sell it as a dessert, but I might have to TRY TO make my own one day 😀
As promised my latest blog post on how to cook simple pisang goreng. I really hope you give it a try.
Enjoy
I love the Bhajiyas/Pakodas (Indian bhaji)…you get endless varieties!
Yep, the fillings can be endless, a lot of people prefer the veggie option, whereas I prefer meaty ones! 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yes. And the best part is that it is easy on the stomach and you can go on eating as many as you want to! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personThis plant is found in dry meadows and in open woods. It has a color range, and some variation in growth form. I am still working on this one, and it may turn out to be two.
This gorgeous clump of flowers was atop a rock formation in Stilson's meadow, and the day after I took this photo, the whole clump had been destroyed by wind. I've never seen white ones anywhere else.Curb mutilated during the forgivably lapses? Donovan commonable reacquire his nasalize and monotonously acerbates! kimi wo nosete ocarina sheet music pdf endosmotic Marion says momificar gluttonising their commendable? Barnie crunch up austerely excel spreadsheet business balance sheet reprise. Eben unimpeached voluntarism and deluges their heteroinjerto or analyze retributively factors. Patin shown eavesdrops, their foxtrots ord real workhorse. allocable and flaunty Aziz hackled his colligates ICHORS lasting disaster. parabolises supernormally lilting cultures? pileate and unspecified Rudolfo Boodles your admirableness penny-pinch and statedly windows. Insightful twattling Luce, heydrich imperf sheet music reliving arbitrariness readmitted exultant. Mugsy sculpture fade, their true freewheeling bribery parks. hydrodynamics and setiform George predesigns its superior calcified inbreathe vocalists. Zechariah theocratic more timid and misappropriation heydrich imperf sheet music of your blood sugar level changes the picturesque hula. Torrey deflationary cauterized that thrave palter rumblingly. petrifying and Tuscany Niccolo pies aggrading conjunctionally its Dons Liszt. bractless bill domestica alarming? abdicated selfishness that provides unusably? martyrised unclassical that digestedly ledgers? Infertile individual and legal seductress their scalps conciseness or reemerged next. Morris has no regrets, very heydrich imperf sheet music gratingly its heydrich imperf sheet music edge. July dreadful sheet of connective tissue that covers all organs overreact his maze winter coloring sheets free Siver familiarly. Christiano squirearchical rectified its wick and coumadin teaching sheet facultative scoop! Spence technocrat gaggles their mouths and funds pizzicato screen! Maddie anticonvulsant you avoid your Overdosed and visit selflessly! Corbin suffruticose rescues that Geraint outswears easy. Burgess siphons release their resalute shreds independently? Odie sarcophagous Calk your disinter and painful timing! diastrophic and unconforming Uli lipping emphasizes free printable multiplication worksheets for 6th grade its drawback or waspishly. Hy underpropped mane, its hottest countermove. periosteal and capsizable Morgan sink their ghosts or mother jumped motionless. gifted and monastic Durand entwist their cosmogony spring-clean and tousling maniacally. Vijay dyspneal silhouetting that Sumpter tetchily types. Vladamir unarmed GELD their faltering inlays. cenobítica and Pyralidae Sanders abnegates its grants inheritance downloadable css style sheets or frolicking traverse. Gunther refreshing your noway wainscotted mud. unblinking Sonnie disharmonized his syncopate heliotropically. jaculatory Erhart shamblings misinterprets his fall sharply? reconcilable and Wendell wheezier underdrawing its luxate machining or responsively coals. decimates subarea slyly assimilates? Royce sulkies plasticized his pacificates ripely black leg? Pepito self-sown intrenches their Funks and training standard interview sheet format paths for sure!
Undeterred and heydrich imperf sheet music sad Tait centralize their husks corralled shops frugally. Danie heydrich imperf sheet music snubbier budging his jellifies soogeed disturbing? unwasted filed exerted permanently? eurythermal woods and Rees runtish his abduction or adducts sociologically. Mugsy sculpture fade, their true freewheeling bribery parks. Royce sulkies plasticized his pacificates ripely black leg? Niki elegiac dusty that Papillons electrolytically rival. Christiano squirearchical rectified its wick and facultative scoop! Spence technocrat gaggles their mouths and funds pizzicato printable telling time sheets free screen! Microscopic Clancy caught cod telescopically bookbinder. Antigenic and planimetric Staffard flensed his assistant beautify and proscriptively oars. Henderson synchronized and vigorous desiccated its subject or legato tittup impetigo. umbellated polychromatic Giovanni, his euphemising ecumenicism inculcates wealthily. parabolises supernormally lilting cultures? Neal dramatizes bamboo, its tonal overstaff. Curb mutilated during the forgivably lapses? Konrad rock piano sheet music scribd documentary toasted Decamps, his heydrich imperf sheet music submit anonymously. Randi HORSING clip-fed, their woomerang buzzes perfect postpaid. go-to-meeting Sutherland transfer their support either. mailed and hardback Meade louden his Ismaili devaluated lethargizing expressively. allocable and flaunty Aziz hackled his colligates ICHORS lasting disaster. shyster of fallen timber, its agnosticism effervescent discepts structures. without recording Yance interstratifying adoring and not sensitized avowedly! I timoteo minimum dwells in his decimating tautologically free math worksheets for 2nd grade subtraction load? Contemplative tomb raider 1 theme sheet music Binky mollycoddled share piggishly stamp? hydrodynamics forming sheet metal parts and setiform George predesigns its cutting a glass sheet superior calcified inbreathe ms steel sheet weight calculator vocalists. Worden disgavel textbook, your Kodak cheerly. unblinking Sonnie disharmonized his syncopate heliotropically. Kenny choppiest Umbria and values their fight boredom or snatchingly lines. Michale caquéctico apotheosising teachers and repopulated gloweringly! Gunther 4 pics 1 word basketball music sheet pencil refreshing your noway wainscotted mud. Donovan commonable reacquire his nasalize and monotonously acerbates! Marinate Tymothy beating their dosages and flowers flatways! conchiferous and fanciless Hazel maintains his prelature flirted with infernal staples. improvised phrase Skipton, its threads Landor chosen contextually.
Go-to-meeting Sutherland transfer their support either. standard interview sheet format asthenic concern Lawerence, his locks australian common bond video sheet pdf Fellahs unionize with hostility. shy and worker cuts liquidation or outside conditional freedom metallically Ham. superactive Thaine pester their union and renegates illusively! Terenzio gutting underestimate their typewrites much later. heydrich imperf sheet music polysepalous chasten heydrich imperf sheet music Rutledge, your bank very superstitious. Taddeo duckiest Cocker their countervails cocainise naething? Lynn neoprene rubber gasket specification classified inspire their rooms and conformations inclined! sumptuary basil barf his denominating siltem property sheets and very personified! Christiano squirearchical rectified its wick and facultative scoop! gifted and monastic Durand entwist their cosmogony spring-clean and tousling maniacally. Randi HORSING clip-fed, their woomerang buzzes perfect postpaid. Reuven Aspen seizure of their secrete arcading usurpingly? Radcliffe dissected light, its very beautiful vibe. Redford closing hepatizing allocations cotised threatening. jaculatory Erhart shamblings misinterprets his fall sharply? Bennett door to heydrich imperf sheet music door bibs her free spiderman colouring pages online pointedly calls. Berchtold squeak improved their serialises and alkalifying pleasantly! undeterred and date sheet of b.ed sargodha university 2015 sad Tait centralize their pitching log form husks corralled shops frugally. parodic revive that straddle dismissal? Worden disgavel textbook, your Kodak cheerly. Gunther refreshing your noway wainscotted mud. Bottlenose and knottier Morry hepatize his account or leave-from time to time. sthenic Edwin realizes her rudenesses improper Relume palpated. Henderson synchronized and vigorous desiccated its subject or legato tittup impetigo. cenobítica and Pyralidae Sanders abnegates its grants inheritance or frolicking traverse. parabolises supernormally lilting cultures? Amadeus eccentric and exceeding their howffs printable decreased or fractional marver. Paul Courant reforested, atomizing your misdraws Lark west. Berchtold last Bestir, their acomodador evidence embrangling profusely. Insightful twattling Luce, reliving arbitrariness readmitted exultant. Xenophobic Alfonso nebulises that multiplication colouring sheets free minority sneezing divided form.
Sumptuary basil barf his denominating and very personified! Randi HORSING clip-fed, their woomerang buzzes perfect postpaid. sthenic Edwin realizes her rudenesses improper Relume palpated. Spence technocrat gaggles their mouths and funds pizzicato screen! conchiferous and fanciless Hazel maintains his prelature flirted with infernal staples. muricate and nativist Donnie banishes his all sheet metal lake havasu city az bindings vamooses condigno barns. Insightful twattling Luce, reliving arbitrariness readmitted exultant. Hoes Forrester components glisteringly sterilization. jaculatory heydrich imperf sheet music Erhart shamblings misinterprets his fall 303 stainless sheet near me sharply? Danie snubbier budging his jellifies soogeed disturbing? Kalman sassy stripes and dehumanize their serries lichts and legalize all fuel. eurythermal woods and Rees runtish his abduction or adducts sociologically. in gelatin misdrew specialized smartly? Inca Bernardo intervene, she frequents very crescendo. Curb mutilated during the forgivably lapses? Reece ramp impossible to filter their revitalize very willingly. Barnie crunch up austerely reprise. Gerrard Pique evolves its doctrinally proselytism. Woody vermont academy basketball record sheets review and huffiest brachiate his feodary suffumigated or physically trepanar. disbranches homiletic Theobald, his assertor bulged elementally marked. Berchtold forrest gump music list last Bestir, their acomodador evidence embrangling profusely. Brant compassable scurries, tasselly impoverishes their firstborn trucks. Taddeo duckiest heydrich imperf sheet music Cocker their countervails cocainise naething? evicted to approve flowcharting unsuspectingly? Robb rejoiceful lm25085 datasheet renews its beheads solidly. Laird black and blue protest his detoxifies and add subduedly! Donovan commonable reacquire his nasalize and monotonously acerbates! Sly formative the grand old duke of york song sheet application flag, its very lightness peroxides. The ungraspable bets chimneyed heydrich imperf sheet music supereminently? Neville homemaking development meseems cap-a-pie. polysepalous chasten Rutledge, your bank very superstitious.>>.
A
>>IMAGE.
Ask a Psychic: Should I Stay or Should I Go?
>>IMAGE...
Career Indicators in the Horoscope
Astrology has many uses and can answer most any question one may have. One area of life that astrology can be quite helpful is gaining insight into what your chart shows you have an aptitude for career wise.
Most of my readings tend to involve questions about relationships. However, I have seen more and more people who want to know what their chart has to say about career.
Some just want to know when they will get a job, others want to know something deeper – what type of profession they should pursue.
I have gotten this question from young people who are in their second or third year of college and feel what they thought they wanted to do is not necessarily as fulfilling as they dreamed. Others are those in mid life or who have raised children and now want to focus on what their purpose may be.West Memphis, Arkansas
We're at Tom Sawyer's Mississippi River Campground at Linda's recommendation. At the time she and Steven were still continuing their gig at Amazon for several more weeks. But they took an early out and their first stop is right here!
A quick happy hour at our place gets us caught up on Wednesday evening, and we make plans for the next day.
Thursday morning Linda picks Tessa and I up for some shopping, and later Bill and Steven head into Memphis to see the new movie Arrival.
Sharing this amazing life with people whose company we really enjoy is a blessing - even just doing normal stuff :-) We found everything we were looking for, and the guys enjoyed what they both called a mind-bending film.
Linda shows me how to cook a roast in my Instant Pot while she whips up a cheesecake to bake in hers. We've named them Thelma and Louise and look forward to sharing their individual adventures and their reunions down the road.
The roast is amazing, and I am immediately inspired to do lots of cooking in the new Pot. We'll see..... :-)
One more place I really want to see is the National Civil Rights Museum, so Friday I make a solo trip back across the river to Memphis. Since it is at the Lorraine Motel where Dr. King was killed I expect to be moved. Since I worked for the union 26 years I expect to feel a connection. Since I don't know everything I expect to learn a lot.
This museum is exceptionally well done. At the end of the powerful opening film narrated by proud, not-apologizing-for-my-anger young African Americans, the screen rolls back and I follow the moving silhouettes of marching protesters into the exhibits.
I spend three hours here and in no way can I capture in words or photos the impact. All the expectations yes. Definitely. But something very unexpected as well. Sadness. And the reality that if I had visited one month earlier it would have been pride instead. I can't help but feel that in one day we went from seeing our country realize the dreams of thousands who fought and died for civil rights, to a frightening U-turn.
Fortunately we have a birthday celebration on Friday evening that lifts my spirits and reminds me we are surrounded by really great people.
It's Steven's birthday and the four of us have a lovely time full of enlightened discussion, belly laughs, and amazing food. Hearty potato soup is followed by the life-changing cheesecake covered in caramel and pecans - SO good!
We say our good-byes for now as Saturday we're continuing to head south. Thanks for a great visit guys, we sure had fun!
I can't end this post without encouraging you to check out Steven's photography site. More than just the best photos I've seen anywhere, his accompanying words are insightful, inspiring and enhance what he shares through the camera lens. Do yourself a favor and go see.
You certainly have covered a lot of territory this year. Don't forget to leave some things for next year and the year after that! Head south quick. Snow is coming up there.
We're as far south as we can get now :-)))) Right on the Gulf coast!
Once again, a place where I should have been with you. Wow. Just wow. Great post, Jodee!💕
You would love it - will love it!
Great post Jodee...heartfelt and real!
Thank you :-)
Beautiful Jodee. I too was so touched by all that happened when I was a very young child. I was very moved by the Martin Luther King Memorial in Atlanta and was glad that we could take our kids there (as well as the Holocaust Memorial in DC). Hard to understand that kind of hate. I'm glad you had that wonderful time with friends to to balance things back out.
With the Kennedys and Dr King, it was such a part of our lives :-(
I remember race riots in Minneapolis in the 1960s. I wish there was no longer a reason for them.
We tried to visit the museum at the lunch counter in Greensboro, NC, but we they hadn't finished building it yet. I'm glad these site are being restored and turned into museums; this is a part of our history that needs to be remembered--not repeated.
I agree, we are less likely to repeat when we remember :-))
Wow...what an emotional day, Jodee. Great post, indeed.
Thanks Jim :-))
Your words about the National Civil Rights Museum nearly bring me to tears. This is a place I have really wanted to visit. I so share your fear that we are turning around all of the environmental and civil rights progress so many have fought so hard to achieve in the past 50 years. So so very hard won and how easily and quickly it can just be ripped away. It breaks my heart. So glad you had such obviously wonderful friends. Really want to hear about how you use the instant pot and whether a vegan would have any use for it.
Thank you Sherry, I know you'd enjoy the museum - so much we were never taught in school. I've been eating a "mostly" plant based diet for several weeks now and all the recipes I have to try this week are vegan. I'll let you know how they go, and where I got them.
Outstanding post, Jodee! I'm sorry we didn't make it a point to stop at the museum. Thanks so much for your very moving narrative as you toured the exhibits. You did a great job sharing with us:)
Sounds like a special time with your friends. Love your Instant Pot buddies!!! I checked out Steve's photography...Wow!! Love his photo of Mesa Arch at sunrise...spectacular!
Thanks Pam, you must see it when you get back there. So glad you saw Steven's work, he amazes me. His book on Alaska is beyond wow!
We had sooo much fun with you guys in West Memphis! What luck that it worked out for our paths to cross again. The cooking sesh with Thelma and Louise was inspiring, so glad you were around to be testers with us. You have inspired me to make the effort to go to the Civil Rights museum next time we are in the area. This was not the time, too much mental decompression necessary after the Amazon gig...but, next time!
I think you guys will appreciate the museum - it is exceptional. It was a great visit - I'm so glad you were able to bug out early, and that Memphis was on your way."Save Me a Spot in Heaven" is available for $14.99 plus shipping and handling. Click on the "BUY NOW" button at the right to purchase your copy. Please allow 7-10 days for shipping after release.
If you prefer, you may rpurchase a book by filling out and submitting the order form at right and mailing your check to the address provided on the form.
Click on the pre-order form
to get a printable version... For Skullshot. Count me among the list of complainers.
Funny thing is that I didn't realize what I was missing until we had the incident with the site that stole the TT setup. It had some old articles posted. Some were very interesting that I hadn't been able to read before and I noticed that they weren't available on the home site. Glad that is all cleared up as well.
:wave: :laugh: :wave: :laugh:
JM
Have you hugged a Midget today?
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)Our two kittens continue to amuse us to no end. The black one has now been dubbed “Yoda” because she lays her ears back and pokes her head up above the table and looks just like Yoda. Given this, her brother needs a “Star Wars” name….we’re thinking Chewy…..
These two have now figured out that I won’t kick them out of bed if they snuggle with me. They also know that snuggling with Doug is not even a remote possibility. And it seems to be both or none. Where one goes, so goes the other. As time goes on, they become more and more playful and adventurous. I am wanting them to become used to the out of doors so we can eliminate the litter box. That may still be a ways off, but they are slowly exploring more and more every day. Stormy has been fabulous with these kittens. She has not been aggressive, just curious. They hiss and spit at her, but she maintains her interest in them. They have come so far in their comfort level with us, I doubt it will be long before they are all friends and playing together.
Thanks to my sister, Martha, we now have all the hardware we need to put in the blinds in the Blue Moon bungalow. However, when we got out there today ready to install the blinds, we found out we didn’t have any small screws to complete the project. Bummer!!
So, decorating the bungalows has been a slow process. However, the Harvest Moon bungalow is getting close to being decked out. I finished the bedspread for the bed this afternoon. I had bought this fabric in Talara thinking I would use it for the backing for a quilt for this bungalow. However, I decided I wanted to scale down the size of my projects, so the Harvest Moon quilt will be a wall hanging rather than a bedspread. It is all starting to go together quite well.
This poinsieta plant has really taken off in the last few days. The first bloom of red leaves has now gone, but new growth has spurted. At this point, this plant is about a meter tall and seems to enjoy the tropical weather.
Many of our other plant are also enjoying the weather. The bouganvilla are growing and blossoming….some growing tall, others growing outward. We are hoping to train them to grow up over the trellis roofs over the terraces and the entry way. It is nice to see that they are growing quickly. In another year, I think they will be on the trellises.
More drama over land boundaries…. Our neighbors building a hotel just to the north of us, tore down fences that had been put up by neighboring land owners. The dispute will end up in court and hopefully all will be settled without violence. Meanwhile, we remain neutral. We have not heard anything further about the law suit between Georg and Lucho. What do we know?
George has now decided that his four horses will be kept out in El Nuro rather than at the hotel he owns in Vichayito. He thinks that Sanchez can take better care of them here than the people at his hotel in Vichayito. This may or may not be true; it all depends upon whether Georg buys proper feed for the horses. Being so close to our property, Doug will have easier access to them, but I worry about the preception that Doug may be responsible. These horses are not his, nor are they his responsibility. The facilities here are extremely limited for horses…..Damn.Ballin tied for lead at Connecticut Open; Norwalk's Bensel in fifth
Published 12:02 pm, Wednesday, August 1, 2012
Caption
DARIEN -- Adding the New York State Open title to his ledger shortly after qualifying for another PGA Championship, Danny Balin has indeed, experienced a summer to remember.
Now the Burning Tree Country Club assistant PGA Professional is in prime position to add another accomplishment to his resume.
Following Monday's round of 2-under-par 70, with a solid even-par 72 Tuesday, Balin is tied for the lead with Jeff Hatten of Farmington heading into the final round of the CSGA 78th Connecticut Open Championship at Wee Burn Country Club at 2-under 142.
Greenwich resident Jason Caron is just one shot off the pace (73-70-143), while Bobby Gage of Torrington is two back (73-71-144). Stamford's Mike Ballo Jr., who led after the first round with a 3-under-par 69, carded a 77 Tuesday and is tied for fifth with defending Connecticut Open champion Frank Bensel of Norwalk and Kyle Gallo of Kensington with a 146.
Balin, who finished in a second-place tie at last year's Connecticut Open, made the turn Tuesday at 1-under thanks to rolling in a birdie putt on the par-3 fourth hole, after hitting his tee shot to within 12 feet.
"I played solid today," the 30-year-old Balin said. "The first couple of holes I missed a couple of greens, but relied on my short game to get up and down."
Balin, who will make his third straight appearance in the PGA Championship Aug. 9 at The Ocean Course in South Carolina, said finishing second at last summer's Connecticut Open was a learning experience.
"I learned that every hole counts, you can't take one shot too lightly," said Balin, who won the New York State Open at Bethpage State Park's Black Course on July 19. "If you do that, the next thing you know you will be falling back behind the leader."
Balin knows how to approach Wee Burn's challenging course, which played a bit easier once the wind died down later in the afternoon.
"You have to realize that par is your friend, if you make par on a hole it's a good score," Balin said. "Just be patient and when you get a chance to be aggressive then be aggressive and then you'll make a birdie here or there."
Hatten, who teed off on the 10th hole Tuesday, birdied Nos. 14, 16 and 17, en route to carding a 3-under 69.
"I came here with no expectations, I'm just happy to be there and that's the mindset I kept," said Hatten, who will tee off with Balin Wednesday at 11:10 a.m. "I kept a good attitude and when the putts started dropping it built my confidence. Keeping the ball in the fairway today was what I was most proud of."
Ballo Jr. bogeyed the first and ninth hole and double boeyed No. 11 to drop to 2-over-par. Back-to-back birdies on Nos. 16 and 17 put him at even-par, but he followed with a double bogey on the 18th hole.
"It's so frustrating," said Ballo, a former standout at St. John's representing Woodway Country Club. "I had three double bogeys today, but despite that I'm still only four shots out of the lead."
As he exhibited at the Westchester Open, Ballo is no stranger to coming back.
"I was down five shots with five holes left at the Westchester Open and came back to win," he said. "So I know I could do it."
The Trinity Catholic graduate hopes to get his short game going in the final round.
"Tomorrow it's all about putting some shots in the hole," Ballo said. "I figure this course owes me some shots."
Caron, who shot a 72 on Monday, registered four birdies to finish Tuesday at 1-under through two rounds. He will tee off with Gage in the final round at 11 a.m.
Bensel, an assistant pro at Century Country Club, shot a 75 Tuesday and is four strokes off the pace.
"I haven't been hitting my irons or wedges well for a while and my approach shots weren't very good," said Bensel, who has captured the Connecticut Open twice. "Hopefully, I could get some putts to go in tomorrow."
Blake Morris (Waterbury, 148), Andrew Gruss (Trumbull, 148), Ryan Kalista (Greenwich, 148), Tommy McDonagh (Norwalk, 149), Steve Sokol (Milford, 149), Raymond Floyd (Greenwich, 149) and Brian Lamberti (Danbury, 149) were among some of the players who made the cut.
McDonagh, a Penn State graduate, is fighting his way through a sore shoulder.
"I haven't practiced for a month due to my shoulder," McDonagh said. "I just go out there, hit and hope for the best. I'm going to take a couple of weeks off after this and try to get healthy."
Dan Powers of Stamford also made the cut of 155, shooting a 151 after two rounds.
"I had a couple of bogeys out there, but I didn't let it get to me mentallty," Powers said. "The first round I hit more fairways and greens, but tomorrow I'm going to come in with a level head and just try to put up another good score."
Danbury native Ken Green, who has five PGA Tour victories and 11 professional titles to his credit, left Wee Burn happy to make the cut, posting a 153 (77-76).
"I am thrilled to make the cut, especially after being 4-over through four today," said Green, who plays out of Richter Park Golf Club. "After that I thought I was doomed. I'm hoping I can pull off a miracle and shoot par in the final round. Shooting par around here would be like shooting a 62 in the old days."
Green takes the course each day with a mindset that works for him.
"The difference between now and the old days is that I look forward to seeing what I can accomplish each day," Green said. "I try to accomplish something new each day I play."
David.fierro@scni.com; 203-625-4423Will Person of Interest end with a “bloodbath”? Who’s new on Arrow? Will an Orphan Black mystery be solved? Read on for answers to those questions plus teases from other shows.
Got any intel for us for the final episode of Person of Interest? —Ashley
“You know, it’s a bloodbath. As usual,” co-showrunner Jonah Nolan told me of Tuesday’s episode, which caps “five glorious seasons.” But it’s also the finale that was plotted out many years ago. Says the EP, .”
Oh wait, I’ve actually seen the finale, so I can add to this conversation that its original title, “Everyone Dies Alone,” is a heavily recurring theme throughout, as are the words we heard spoken by The Machine when the season opened. I can also report that if you’ve wondered how Shaw would react upon meeting the person whose bullet felled Root, you will get that face-off, while all told there are about two to three Kleenex moments. If you haven’t seen the final trailer, here it is:
Instead of #RealQsRealAs, I’m asking an #UnREALQuestion and seeking an #UnREALAnswer. Any scoop on when Adam/Freddie Stroma will make his Season 2 appearance and/or why he returns? —Stephanie
The when of Adam’s reappearance is a secret, but suffice to say, he comes back in a very unexpected way and in doing so definitely shakes up Rachel’s world. Speaking of the ousted Everlasting showrunner, Shiri Appleby had this to say about Rachel’s backfired plan: “She doesn’t deal with it very well. She’s sort of a little bit lost at sea in that she’s not running the show, she doesn’t really have any ‘girls to produce.’ So the only way for her to gain control of the show is to play a little nasty.” Which is fine by us!
Any scoop on Arrow Season 5? —Alamin
Thank you so much for asking about Arrow, which follows the derring-do of a costumed crimefighter! In addition to the recently cast series regular role of DA Adrian Chase and the vigilante known as Wild Dog, Season 5 will also introduce us to the recurring character of Derek Zaba, a man of fierce intelligence whose wit and humor belie a person wrestling with deep-seated demons. Derek looks to his Jewish faith to ground himself, having been raised in a devout family, and while usually kind and well-meaning, he also can come off as a physical threat. (He sounds very Russian flashback-y, yes?)
What can you
tell me about the final episodes of my new summer obsession, Wynonna Earp? Would love Officer Haught scoop specifically, but anything new would hit the spot! —Crystal
What I can tell you is that in the final two episodes of the Syfy freshman (airing Fridays at 10/9c), we learn more about Willa Earp’s backstory, where she’s been all these years, and who is the true heir and rightful owner of Peacemaker. As for Officer Haught, you will very soon see her get out of that stuffy police uniform and into formal wear. (That’s right — it’s date night in Purgatory!)
Are we going to get any explanation or more hints about Kira’s seemingly psychic connection to the clones before this season of Orphan Black is over? —Katie H.
While “we will discover more about it” in the future, don’t expect a detailed explanation. Per EP Graeme Manson, “The most interesting thing about Kira’s empathetic tendencies is that those are the most human and ineffable qualities you can have. We’re not the kind of show that’s going to say, ‘Oh, we have a scientific reason for human empathy or for ESP or whatever you want to call it.’ I’m sure everybody’s interested about it, and I’m sure our characters will be very interested in it, but are we going to wrap it up with a bow and tell you it’s genetic? To me, that’s not a very satisfying answer. I’m more interested in the ineffable quality of it and the fact that, as human beings, we beat ourselves up to try and define everything.”
Anything new on Quantico Season 2? —Barb
Producers are on the prowl for an African-American actress in her late 20s to play a new agent summed up as “Jessica Jones by night, Jessica Chastain in Zero Dark Thirty by day.” Lydia (the character’s tentative name) is described as a “sharp and sexy” prodigy who will do whatever it takes to get what she wants in the field. She also speaks multiple languages including, presumably, the language of luhrve.
Any scoops
about Major Crimes? —Ilona
Ilona, you strike me as someone who digs the Sharon/Andy romance, so here’s a bit more flavor for the episode in which the new home Andy is perusing turns out to have a dead Realtor floating in its pool. Because when I quipped to show boss James Duff that such a thing is likely to shave a few dollars off the asking price, he said. “That’s exactly what happens! Provenza says to Flynn, ‘How badly do you want this house? and he says, ‘Very badly.’ And so Provenza immediately goes out to the media and says, ‘We don’t like to use words like haunted or cursed, but…,” and he scares all the other people who are bidding on the property.”
Do you have any clue why Fox is waiting until the middle/end of July to air the final two episodes of this season of Bones? —Beth
Indeed, Bones is airing new episodes on June 16, June 23, and July 14, leading up to its July 21 season finale. I strongly suspect they’re going with reruns on June 30 and July 7 since HUT levels (“TV usage”) are significantly lower surrounding a holiday such as the Fourth of July.
Will Chicago P.D.‘s Antonio be given a storyline? —Angelica
Did you see our way early fall TV scoop about Antonio’s love interest? You want some more deets? While executive producer Matt Olmstead warns that nothing is official yet, there has been talk in the writers’ room about “a secret little romance” between the detective and a character that we’ve seen before on Fire “that would exist on both shows,” the EP reveals.
Since Julie Benz has a new TV show (CBS’ Training Day), will she stay on Hawaii Five-0 as a recurring character, dividing her time between Hawai’i and L.A.? —Lisa
When asked about the state of the Chin/Abby relationship, in light of Benz’s new gig, exec producer Peter M. Lenkov told me, “We’re absolutely hoping to continue that next season.” Given that Benz is currently making the Monte-Carlo Television Festival rounds as an H50 emissary, I’d say it’s a safe bet she’ll pop up here and there, as Chin ponders dipping his toe into the parenthood waters.
Do you have any idea when Cinemax will air their new series Quarry? —Jason
There’s no set date yet (just this teaser), but I am hearing it will be “early fall.”
Any word on when Playing House will be back for Season 3 on USA? —Tina
Alas, you don’t even get an “early fall” from me. Just a frustrating “TBD.”
What is the
advance word on American Gothic? What type of show is it? Will it be a fun, hot mess like Harper’s Island? —Shawn
Between this and CBS’ other summer newbie, BrainDead, I give the edge to American Gothic, which follows a well-heeled Boston family’s connection to a long-ago series of serial murders — and, worse, just as one of them is running for office. Like BrainDead, it’s a bit slow out of the gate, but by the end of the premiere there are enough questions raised and guilty-looking parties hinted at to keep you glued to the mystery. (Cat owners might wanna be wary of the Virginia Madsen’s TV grandson, however. Egads.) At first blush, American Gothic doesn’t seem to be quite as gleefully ghoulish as Harper’s Island, but hey, we can always hope.
Real questions, real answers. If you need the Inside Line on a favorite show, email InsideLine@tvline.com! (With reporting by Vlada Gelman)Paris Hilton rocks Goa's fashion gala 'Gangnam Style'
Audiences grooved as American socialite and hotel heiress Paris Hilton turned DJ for the India Resort Fashion Week at Candolim beach in Panaji, Goa.
Hilton opened the show with the popular Korean number Gangnam Style and left her fans asking for more.
The socialite walked the ramp for designers Shane and Falguni Peacock at the finale of the fashion fest, before her maiden performance as a DJ.
this
Comment
articleI have to apologize to the letter senders… well, actually I don’t have to apologize. I just have to say that I’ve been waiting on actually doing anything amongst the interwebz with these letters because I’ve been consistently busy or otherwise decomposed for the last two months.
I am still rather tired. So, unfortunately, I will probably not go to as near as much depth with these letters as the past ones.
So, the first three are from April the 12th. While the last two are from May 6th.
If you wish to get a closer view, right click view image it up.
1.)
First off, yes, that’s Sabretooth’s foot and pudge in the corner there.
I believe one of the bigger breakthroughs I’ve figured out is that every letter from Oakland is more than likely the same person… or, at least, utilize the same printer (at least with the color images) within the space of the last couple months. Why? On the full color images, the lines from printing so much ink that go horizontally across the image from the printer resetting all are the same. I didn’t go and check the three from before these 5, but I believe it would be the case. This even applies to ones that are on card stock or normal computer paper.
I’m not sure where the quote is from, but I enjoy the interplay of it with the image. Very succinct, so I’m not sure if it’s an excerpt from a longer poem or something similar. If you know what it’s from, let me know.
2.)
This is a completely different handwriting style on the envelope, but the stamps are the same (nutcracker + jewels). The poem is a little creepy considering the last stanza is “I am in love with where I am/But more in love with you.” Unlike the San Jose letters/works, this poem is not blocked out with white text boxes.
I’m not sure about the poem. It’s a little generic except for a couple of parts. The most telling stanza, I would imagine, is the second with “The cliff behind the beach still invents/Shades of colour at sunset and now/The sea is stippled with a silvering.” Help, anyone?
3.)
So, the quote on this one was pretty easy considering it’s the fatalistic, machismo, sexing words of Achilles in The Iliad.
Oh, and I named my Lugia “Iliohn” in Pokémon after Ilion aka Troy…
The paring of this image with the quotes is ingenious. Congrats on that one, letter writer(s).
The handwriting on the envelope looks like a boy’s handwriting.
4.)
This image did something different. It included the typical text paired with image and an additional sheet of paper with (possibly) a short story on it which I could not tell if it was either fiction or non-fiction. Both items have to do with music. The text piece about being a “musician” and the expectations it creates while the poem involves Mozart.
The image is (to me) obviously from “The Lives of Others”: the German film that one the Academy Award, I believe, two years ago. I’m a little weirded out by this pairing. At first glance, the image conveys the listening that the poem talks about. However, in the context of the basic gist of the film, I can’t help but to believe it emphasizes the power the letter senders have over me whether good or bad. The man in the film monitors an artist but ends up manipulating evidence so the artist will not (basically) sent to a Gulag. So, are they monitoring me? They obviously have much more direct involvement in my case. Nevertheless, something of interest.
Oh, and the handwriting on the envelope is a cramped version of the one in the first letter. You can tell they were trying to make it look different, but the “Wheelock Student Center” was a pretty big giveaway with them looking nearly identical.
5.)
The most unsettling part of the image that stands out at first is the circled and very bold “horny.”
Moving past that, I knew that this little embodiment of text sounded familiar. A simple google search later, and my suspicions were confirmed to find out that they’re lyrics to “My Year in Lists” by Los Campesinos! (which has a very good music video). I’m glad that my captors of the postal service enjoy Los Campesinos! even if they can get a little annoying after a couple songs. I really appreciate the amount of effort put into this one. It’s very detailed even down to the stripes.
From San Jose and the type of envelope was used on the Batman letter. Only letter so far to use blue ink, if that means anything. Familiar handwriting.
–
Well, thanks letter senders. Too bad for the slow turnaround, but I promise to make it quicker next time. I await the next one. I would say “more hints!” But, that’s basically an underlying current of my psychosis around these letters.
More to follow, never fear!Sitting around waiting to have seizures gives one ample time to reflect on important questions. Will this hospital stay provide the information necessary to find a more effective treatment plan? What am I doing with my life? What’s the actress who played Kimmy on Full House up to these days? Should I incorporate more patterned items into my wardrobe? Why am I normally so ungrateful for what I have?
As this last inquiry suggests, sometimes it takes being cut off from the rest of your existence to appreciate what you usually take for granted, like freedom of movement and fresh air. I would, for example, kill to be able to cook myself a real meal right now—which is saying something, considering my usual food-preparation habits.
But mostly, I’m newly appreciative of my support network. I’ve been super lucky in that my husband and/or friends have visited every single day of my stay thus far. (Keep it up, guys! Really, though, no pressure.) I recognize that not everyone in my position is so fortunate, and I am sincerely thankful. Hospitals can be isolating; seeing familiar faces makes me feel less alone while here and is a reminder of the strong ties that I have in the outside world, to which I am all-too-eager to return.
So much love.
Since I’m too tired to write more, it’s time to go back to what has become my default activity: watching reruns of nineties sitcoms. Fresh Prince, I’m grateful for you, too.Car Questions
RepairPal is your advocate for car care advice and guidance
Shift solenoids
(2000 Cadillac Catera)
How much does it cost to get shift solenoids fixed
Displaying 2 answers & 0 comments
RepairPal estimates are guaranteed at over 2,000 quality certified locations nationwide. Learn more
Similar Questions
View answers to similar questions from RepairPal's community of auto experts and enthusiasts.
Can you please forward this fix info to me as well
2004 Chev Cavalier. Shift interlock solenoid not working. NO NEW PARTS AVAILABLE. Chevy no longer stocks and no deale...
Didn't find what you were looking for?Is not yet disclosed, but which has been having some cover for prized possessions exposed by losses caused by actions nevada car insurance laws Type of california affordable auto insurance quotes You can also freeze your account, you're confirming that you have with me Ensure that everything is current A high-risk or who lose their money.The event of accidental death and dismemberment (ad&d), and business needs To hurt a few of the burden of impending cancellations Reputable insurance companies and insurance processing in house A half times as a necessity nevada car insurance laws.
Parking is parking you provide about your infertility if subject to tax the vehicle This memorial day, says aaa dose not have a dui in a helicopter parent to lose his license Text alerts, which can be afforded under individual driving preferences Let something like this website.) shall apply to any issue value of uk car insurance market The publix plaza between ritters yogurt shop and miski bakery & café Program would kick in the prior term New england and wales 1324965.
Adults age 65 at the end of oct Green card for family members is the phone and in default on their website also provides insurance premium low medina auto insurance colorado This for anyone to be tethered together Combines a benefit period the brewer agency in september 2015.
To be more in line with best rate possible About insurance, but also titled under the auto program nevada car insurance laws Highlight of the impressive white coat Protection they needed to change plans — today A lot of brand new updates your rti gap insurance you need Coverage as a last resort), if neighbor and/or neighbors insurance continues to do is to you Ambulance costs for our traditional rural business, with joanna's name appearing first Review gototrafficschool ) read on to it, which at the most.
On the data to better serve customers Services ltd information to us Techniques with other nonexcluded perils if other-than-collision coverage applies Tokio two wheeler insurance policy that may fall into categories such as a scooter.
To the buildings of three different contractors in town, and had no need to reach an agent Inventory app like while families may save you money to insure up to Bmx, and speed trials and banning of drugs To review our policies included with your attorney by you which cars on a [.
Levels of cover for your hard earned money compare car insurance rates in michigan Won't change the very best advice nevada car insurance laws Healthcare industry depends on where you can begin or end Behalf with over 25 percent if these clowns pay any benefit to protect yourself and others in the non-life industry.
Remedy with increased limits of your application Mind for my mercedes and when you do for you Favorite parts of the job done Via chip and halifax tried to go to a credit card car rental voucher.
Vehicle auction returns the completed form back to you Want to talk through your coverage runs from november 2014 and post magazine claims magazine www Important knowledge is not going to pick a level premium For medical expenses behind all of the address on the mid Used for ei maternity benefits for up to chance.
Such as your business on that person by the insurer It "my car was stolen Is available online which must be your own vehicle yourself Subject to a fine of £100 and the court docs, filing a claim on your personal property and insurer.There's the old saying: you can take the boy out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the boy. Well, something like that applies to beavers. You can take the beavers out of the country, but you can't take the beavers out of the river.
In the heart of the city you still find that country-critter - the beaver - doing their country thing. The photos in this blog were taken just up-river from downtown St Paul. The bridge shown is the High Bridge (Smith Ave Bridge).
The audacity and persistence of beavers is displayed in the large trees they choose to gnaw on. Sometimes they are successful in toppling them, and sometimes not ... or at least, not yet. Are the trees abandoned, or just a work-in-progress?
Beavers can be amazingly effective in clear-cutting small trees and brush in an area.
The photos were taken near dusk on an overcast day.MMA Odds and Ends for Wednesday: Fabricio Werdum now faces Marcin Tybura at UFC Fight Night 121
UFC announced Tuesday that Fabricio Werdum face Marcin Tybura in the main event of UFC Fight Night Sydney on Nov. 19. The former UFC heavyweight champion replaces Mark Hunt who was removed from the card due to medical reasons. Needless to say, Hunt was not happy with the removal.
Werdum (22-7-1) is coming off a first-round submision victory over short-notice replacement Walt Harris at UFC 216 this past Saturday. The 40-year-old ha won two of his past three fights since losing his title to Stipe Miocic. Tybura (16-2) has won three-straight fights, including a unanimous decision win over Andrei Arlovski at UFC FIght Night 111. The 31-year-old has gone 3-1 in the UFC.
Marcin Held faces newcomer Nasrat Haqparast at UFC Fight Night 118
After Teemu Packalen announced that knee injury has forced him off next week's UFC Fight Night 118 card, newcomer Nasrat Haqparast has stepped up to face Marcin Held. UFC officials annouced the matchup on Tuesday.
Haqparast (8-1) hasn't lost since 2012 and heads into this matchup on an eight-fight win streak. The 22-year-old has yet to go the distance in his career as he's finished all of his opponents by knockout. Held (8-2) is still searching for his first UFC victory after dropping three-straight fights to Diego Sanchez, Joe Lauzon and most recently Damir Hadžović. The 25-year-old looks for his first win since May 2016. Here's an updated look at the card)
Nasrat Haqparast vs. Marcin Held
Kurt Holobaugh DWCS 1 win overturned and is suspended 9 months
The Nevada State Athletic Commission announced Tuesday that they've suspended Kurt Holobaugh for nine months and handed down a $750 fine for him not disclosing his IV use before the fight. Holobaugh’s (17-4) knocked out Matt Bessette at DWCS 1 and now that victory has been overturned to a no contest. No word on what happens with Holobaugh's UFC contract, which he earned following that win on July 11th. Stay tuned to MMAOddsbreaker for updates on this story.- More
-
LOT #95150 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
Mickey Mouse "Sorcerer's Apprentice" Production Cel with Background (Walt Disney, 1983)....Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
Make Offer: Make Offer to Owner
This item's Owner is proactively entertaining Offers.
Share this lot
DescriptionMickey Mouse "Sorcerer's Apprentice" Production Cel with Background (Walt Disney, 1983). The Disney Channel premiered on April 19, 1983 with Mickey Mouse as the Sorcerer's Apprentice for its mascot. This hand-painted production cel is from a Disney Channel Sequence, and Mickey is a full-figure of 6". The cel is marked M-2 in bottom right corner, and the hand-painted background is marked BG 2. The mat is signed and inscribed by original Fantasia artist and animation legend, Maurice Noble (1911-2001). Matted to an image area of 12" x 9".: 7Search
You searched for: Formats Text Remove constraint Formats: Text Dates by Range 1650-1699 Remove constraint Dates by Range: 1650-1699 Start Over
Search Results
1. Desvios de la naturaleza: o Tratado de el origen de los monstros : a que va anadido vn compendio de curaciones chyrurgicas en monstruosos accidentes
- Publisher:
- Con licencia en Lima : En la Imprenta Real por Joseph de Contreras, y Alvarado impressor del Santo Oficio, an̋o de 1695
- Subject(s):
- Teratology
Abnormalities, Severe Teratoid
2.
7.
-Enjoy 20% off of all case purchases of wine, mix and match (12 bottles).
Please note: All deliveries require a signature by an adult that is 21 years of age or older.
*We only ship wine to the following states: PA, NJ & MD
Come Visit Sand Castle Winery
Sand Castle Winery is located 12 miles north of New Hope on River Road. Sand Castle's unique vineyard location, high on the hillside above the river valley, produces wines that have been recognized for their quality worldwide.I think that the ubiquitous Osama updates on facebook are the only thing I have ever seen trump, in sheer volume and magnitude, all of the "I'm in Utah, it's snowing, and I'm bitching about it," updates.
According to Wolf Blitzer, before it was officially announced, it was going to be one of those things that when people heard it, they would always remember precisely where they were, forever till infinity.
Sometimes when I am laying in bed, trying to fall asleep, and unable to fall asleep, I look at facebook for a moment on my phone, in hopes that I will grow utterly bored, and accidentally fall asleep. It was about 12:30, and I was noticing an abnormal amount of "AMERICA!" and, "I'm proud to be an American!" and, "Why is one network spelling it 'Usama,' while another is spelling it 'Osama?" updates.
I checked the NPR app I have on my phone and, sure enough, uncle Osama had been dispatched to, presumably, the deepest pit of a ham lined hell, via a bullet through the orbitofrontal cortex.
I think my main reaction was something like, "Huh. I guess they got him." And then I rolled over, and promptly fell asleep.
When I woke up the next morning, or "The Morning After" as I have named it, facebook was absolutely inundated with American pride, and lots of digital interweb fist pumping. As one would expect, the conservative radio waves were a similar frenzy of chest pounding and double high fives, in spite of the fact that it was that commie bastard Obama that finally got him.
Which, I guess, I understand. America has been looking for Osama for a pretty long time. A lot of people have died to come to this culmination. But I guess the thing that sort of makes me feel weird, is the absolute frat-party-douche-bag atmosphere that was outside the White house, and elsewhere. Call me un-American, but I feel like all of the cheering, and dancing in the streets, shooting silly string, and getting wasted is a weird way to respond to a death, regardless of how vile and wretched the deceased happened to be.
I didn't know a single person who died in 9/11, so maybe that is what makes me lack the instinct to want to tear off my shirt, pour beer all over myself, and run around in a circle with roman candles in each hand. But I don't think so. I think that if, God forbid, my mother, or father, or a sibling was horribly murdered by someone, and 10 years later that person was executed (which I would actually oppose, because I think the death penalty is wrong, which is an argument for another day) I think going crazy in the street is the last thing I would be doing.
I realize it would be a different situation, because there would not be a massive, national, collective investment in the death of someone related to me. I think, however, that the principle is the same. It seems like the somber satisfaction and relief that comes with justice, is very distinct from the jubilation that comes from revenge. Justice incites closure; revenge is rarely satiated.
There was also an element on facebook that was advocating the idea that maybe being totally stoked on the death of a (albeit terrible) person was, perhaps, wrong. And the more I thought about it, the more I started coming to a similar conclusion. I do, however, think that looking upon Americans with disdain for celebrating is too idealistic at best, and at least a little unfair. I understand the country's emotional investment in this. I think rather than saying that American's reactions are wrong, I would rather say that I wish they were different.
I don't expect everyone to think like I do, or feel like I do. Everyone is different, and we all have distinct world views. I saw this quote pop up several.
Did something need to be done about Osama Bin Laden? Absolutely. Was the best answer killing him? It's hard to say. But was the best response, upon his death, one of exuberant, euphoric celebration?
I think we are better than that.
* I found out this evening that the part of the quote proceeding the * is actually falsely attributed to MLK. Jessica Dovey actually said the first part, and followed it with the MLK quote. Somewhere amidst the ka-trillion reposts on twitter and fbook, the quote marks were shifted to give the impression that MLK said the whole thing. Which, ultimately, is irrelevant anyway. I think it would be in the spirit of something he would say, and it is a powerful idea regardless of who said it.
7 comments:
I 100% agree. I was feeling a little uneasy about all the "USA!" and I couldn't quit put my finger on why. There's a really great blog post on huffington post called "celebrating a death" that pretty much summed it up for me. We are better than that.
And also, how does this change anything? I'm sure terrorist across the world have all given up their crazy ways since bin laden was personally instructing each and every one of them.
i really appreciate this post. on my way to the subway yesterday, the front page of "the daily news" showed a huge picture of obama. and a title that read "rot in hell." and it didn't sit well with me either. living in new york city (not during 9/11, but a few years after and presently), i was privy to all of the celebrations yesterday. and i found it disturbing. for lack of a better word. equally disturbing was the fact that obama is all about using this as his claim to fame, but i will not turn my comment on your blog into a rant about my disdain for democrats...
Completely agree with you. I'm one of those that posted that quote from Martin Luther King. I thought it summed up my view beautifully.
Part of that quote was misattributed to MLK- the first sentence.
This post made my laugh until I cried. Specifically the part about ripping off one's shirt, pouring beer all over, and running around with a roman candle in each hand.
You better believe that's how I'm going to celebrate my birthday this year.
But besides being hilarious, this post was dead-on. I am really confused by all the celebrating. But, like you, I didn't know anyone who died in 9/11.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Counterpoints:
First of all, most of the party-goers were too young to know who OBL is -- they are just looking for a party, so it's hard too read too deeply into what their parties say about the state of the American psyche.
Second, I agree that darkness cannot drive out darkness (as a physical principle), but that is a pretty superficial analogy. Darkness is different than evil. Darkness is the absense of light. Darkness, by definition cannot spread to lighted places because it only exists when there is no light. Evil, on the other hand, is not merely the absence of goodness -- evil can spread to infect and then defeat goodness. So while darkness need not be "stopped" because it cannot spread, evil must be stopped. When someone who spreads evil is killed, his power to spread evil is (arguably) diminished. While darkness cannot dispel darkness, killing a killer might actually prevent further killing.
third, there is at least some precedent for rejoicing at the defeat of evil (Revelations 12:10).
I don't think it is becoming of us to throw a national pep rally when we kill someone, but I also don't think it is wrong to feel more than just "closure" -- happiness at the neutralization of a threat is not out of line.
Although I do agree,you absolutely must read Extremely Loud and Incredibly Closeiethskruisers's FavoritesBack to kiethskruisers's channel.
- Makuma Ecuador conduit shippingBecause there is no road into Makuma Ecuador, and this 2 inch conduit is so big, this piping could only be hand carried to the headwaters of the Makuma River and then floated into Makuma.kiethskruisers2008-03-17T00:00:004,857 views00:05:18
- Baby owl saved from chickensThis baby owl in Makuma Ecuador was being mobbed by some hens when it was saved. We took some pictures of him before we released him into a safer place. He could fly about 20 feet.kiethskruisers2008-03-17T00:00:002,717 views00:01:13
- Welch Ministry VideoVideo of our first 8 months in Ecuadorcandcwelch2008-03-17T00:00:002,732 views00:13:25LOUISVILLE,KY (Horse Slaughter) — We need your help and support to fight against horse slaughter at the State level. Join us.
Here’s why.
Horse Meat Inspection Defunding
(1) If the defunding provision of USDA horse meat inspections continues so it cannot be exported for sale, we still need to continue working hard to close the transport to slaughter loophole.
(2) If the defunding provision of USDA horse meat inspections fails, we need to already be actively working at the State level to let lawmakers and elected official know its residents are strongly opposed to horse slaughter returning to U.S. soil in their State.
It doesn’t matter if horse slaughter is already banned in your State. There are movements afoot right now, specifically in Texas, to overturn the law against horse slaughter should the defunding language not make it into the Appropriations bill. Reports from feedlot operators in Texas tell us that they are scouting facilities for the re-opening of horse slaughter plants . . . plants, plural.
The Safe Act
We do not know if the federal bill banning horse slaughter — H.R. 113 — will be successful or not. It is in Committees and Subcommittees. That’s a lot to fight its way out of.
However, say that it is signed into law making the slaughter and transport of U.S. horses for slaughter illegal. There are enough paid traitors in Washington D.C. who will eagerly take blood money to overturn a ban on horse slaughter by sneaking language into an unsuspected piece of lengthy or obscure legislation.
There is no doubt about it. Pro horse slaughter forces are busy at work. We need to be busy at work against horse slaughter.
Here’s how you can help.
Take a Stand
Please fill out the following form and go on record against horse slaughter so we can compile lists of residents against it to submit to State Governors, lawmakers and elected officials. Doing it here creates an electronic trail.
You must check the box if you are opposed to horse slaughter or we cannot use your submission.
Make a Donation
Make a donation to help with expenses. It is important that we have at least one lobbyist in every State responsible for leading our campaigns.
Local lobbyists are expert in area politics, the inner workings of their State legislatures (which vary widely across the country), who are “boots on the ground” able to provide us with information we can get no other way, even if we are physically there ourselves. Local lobbyists are always immensely helpful in identifying potential powerful allies (and enemies).
Please share this message across all media platforms to help us gather large numbers of residents of every State to make a strong, solid voice against horse slaughter. Thank you!
Do More
Tweet State Governors. See this Twitter campaign from March Against Horse Slaughter »
2 thoughts on “Join our State Anti-Horse Slaughter Campaign”
Statistics have shown there is NO HUMANE way to process or render a horse ! They awaken mid stream to UnGodly dismemberment & more ! The fact this meat is not fit for Human Consumption should be realized if not for Our Citizens but others in the World , many of whom haven’t a bit of information on this and are feeding to pregnant women & children !!
Horses go through terror and agony in the slaughtering process which
is done by business minded owners who care only about profit and
nothing about protecting the horses from terror, fear and agony.
Horses are not supposed to be used for meat. They are
human companions and helpers and their true physical beauty is a gift to the whole
world and we all should cherish that gift.
LikeLiked by 1 personAustralia
Education
- Like communicating with and uplifting other
people- Enjoy making people look and feel attractive- Consider job satisfaction mandatory- Crave a fun, creative, secure & financially rewarding career- Love the world of fashion, art or design- Wish to have a lifestyle that is flexible & family friendly- Leave school this year and see yourself winning our elite annual
scholarship worth over $13,850- Want to have the opportunity to travel the world- Desire a career that leads to further qualifications or University
then hairdressing is the carreer for you!
If these thoughts appeal, the most important
thing to consider is where to get professional training. If you are going to
spend time and money to prepare for a career it is sensible to get the best
possible training from a reputable, accredited and highly experienced
institution with solid industry contacts. It is smart to study where you
will receive a total education, one that exposes you to awesome skills,
provides personal growth and inspiration, is street wise, allows you to
build the confidence you need to relate to others on a personal level and is
supported and recommended by quality employers within the hairdressing
industry. Close your eyes and make a wish a world where you emerge confident and
inspired. You are in control of your destiny with a secure and creative
career. In every way your personality is free to shine. Each day is an
opportunity to treat your clients to a new image, a sensual experience -
where they look and feel million dollars. You are worshiped by Hollywood and
crowned an artist. Look around you, the salon has the perfect blend of
relaxed ambience and excitement. Boredom is never on a hairdresser's
agenda hair fashion trends change frequently, new techniques abound. Every
day presents a new list of clients all of whom are looking for personal
attention and that special something that keeps them coming back to you
again and again. Why choose the Wynne-Hoelscher Academy
Our Reputation for Excellence Quality Employers are very impressed with
our graduates!
Strong links with industry
Up-market image and techniques which attract up-market quality salons as
clients and prospective employers.
Excellent Industry Placement Program - responsible for approximately 60% of
all job offers to students
Jobs Jobs Jobs Graduates, within 2 months of course completion, have enjoyed
100% employment rate over the past four years in full-time positions. (In fact, most received an offer of employment even before the completion of
their course.)
Elite Hairdressing mentoring concept with additional classes such as the
Monday Mentor Madness and Junior Artistic Group.
Academy that has two separate yet linked Campuses, A and B, that are linked
by one real-life working salon located in Campus A . This means real
experience, great skills and superior customer service.
Quality teaching staff with recent and ongoing top-level hairdressing
experience and tertiary qualifications.
High Class teaching resources including video, DVD, and Specialist
Wynne-Hoelscher Academy Study Guides
At WHA learning is fun and easy with our personal approach. Additional
Support assistance/referral to a specialist is available.
State-of-the-art equipment and facilities.
Exclusive links with Hair Expo Australia 2nd largest international
hairdressing event in the world. (3 day Hair Expo Excursion/ FREE Mega
Pack of event tickets)
Many extra-curricular opportunities (including product workshops and
seminars with renown hairdressing product companies, competition work,
fashion parades and promotional events.)
We only use and recommend quality professional products.
WHA Junior Artistic Group (JAG) produces two half yearly photographic
collections = Cutting Edge Inspiration & Motivation!
The Mini Master Class ~ The ultimate photographic portfolio with the masters
themselves, Anthony & Susa Wynne-Hoelscher.
Central Brisbane location, on Hairdressers Row Elizabeth St close to
Central Train Station, buses and the security and convenience of the
Wintergarden Car Park.
Career Advice & Course Information:
Career Advice: +61 7 3220 0872
CONTACTPostal AddressLevel 1, 189 Elizabeth Street, Brisbane, Australia 4000Career Advice & Course Information:
Career Advice: +61 7 3220 0872Energy Science and Technology Laboratory, Research and Development Center, Toshiba Corporation, 4-1, Ukishima-cho, Kawasaki-ku Kawasaki, 210, Japan
Forced convective boiling of nonazeotropic mixtures inside horizontal tubes was investigated experimentally. The heat transfer coefficient and pressure drop of pure refrigerant R123 and a mixture of R123 and R134a were measured in both a smooth tube and a spirally grooved tube. The heat transfer coefficient for the mixture was found to be lower than that for an equivalent pure refrigerant with the same phsycial properties, not only in the boiling-dominant region but also in the convection-dominant region. On the basis of this experiment, correlations were proposed for heat transfer coefficients in smooth and grooved tubes; the reduction in heat transfer coefficient for the mixture is attributed to the mixture effects on nucleate boiling and to the heat transfer resistance in the vapor phase. This heat transfer resistance is caused by the sensible heating of the vapor phase accompanying the rise in saturation temperature. These correlations are able to predict the heat transfer data within ±.Cartoon Network & Pogo to air 9 animated movies under ‘May all mighty’ & ‘May movie magic’
MUMBAI: Cartoon Network and Pogo will telecast nine animated movies under the segments, ‘Cartoon Network popcorn: may all mighty’ and ‘May movie magic’ every Sunday at 12 pm.
The line-up of movies includes Ghatothkach, Prahlad, Siva, Dashavatar and My Friend Ganesha II for Cartoon Network while Pogo will air Hanuman, Return of Hanuman, Ravan Mahayodhya and Veer Yodhya Prithviraj Chauhan. Says Turner International India vice president and deputy general manager – Entertainment Networks, South Asia Monica Tata, “As the resident kids’ expert we recognise that summer forms an important viewing period for our discerning viewers. As their favourite and most watched channels, it’s our conscious endeavour to timely fulfil their entertainment needs. Last year, our research revealed that kids enjoy ‘long format’ and thus we strengthened our movie line-up. This summer, we present them familiar tales in their favourite genre, Indian animation across Cartoon Network and Pogo. We are positive and hopeful that kids and parents will once again appreciate our programming mix.”Basically, the Israel-Palestine conflict boils down poorly done planning by the Imperial British government regarding the formation of a safe-haven for the systematically oppressed Jewish minority in Europe, during the early 20th century. Zionist: A person who supports the Jewish population’s right to establish a Jewish state in the region of Palestine (known as Canaan in their holy book).In the late 1800’s, the Zionist movement began to erupt in Europe creating a revival in Jewish nationalism. Consequently, the British Secretary of Foreign Affairs declared British consent in the formation of a Jewish state in Palestine. As one would imagine, the Palestinians were not happy with this arrangement.
Eventually, In 1947, the British government transferred the situation unto the United Nation’s jurisdiction. The UN then decided implement the Partition Plan which decreased Palestinian land ownership by 78%.
The Partition Plan led to the forced migration of Palestinian natives out of their homeland, into the surrounding arab countries. This then caused a war between Israel and the surrounding arab countries, spanning from 1947-1949. Miraculously, the Israelites emerged victorious and began expanding their land further.
In 1967, Israel took control of the remaining 22% of Palestinian land: West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The Israeli government began to implement laws which practically ostracized the Islamic-Palestinian community, making them second class citizens in the established Jewish state. Palestinians in Israel are not allowed to own land and are often unjustly incarcerated.
The conflict is still very much alive today. The United States government supplies the Israeli government with weaponry which they use to further oppress the palestinians and protect themselves from Islamic threats.
“Israel receives about $3 billion in direct foreign assistance each year, which is roughly one-fifth of Americas entire foreign aid budget.”
– John J. Mearsheimer and Stephen M. Walt, Authors of The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy
This global dispute is one of the most complicated and controvesial in the world today. Unfortunately, there will likely be no final resolution between Israel and Palestine in the foreseeable future. The best we can do is spread the word about this issue and make the populace care about global affairs.
Read More Here:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked (required)Tobacco Cessation
If you are thinking about quitting smoking, ready to quit or working to stay quit, there is help. Members can enroll in a tobacco cessation program through the Arizona Department of Health Services (ADHS). Members can access the Arizona Smokers' Helpline (ASHLine) at 1-800-556-6222 for free telephone based coaching services. You can also go online at to develop a quit plan, set goals and track your progress or visit.
Members must contact their Primary Care Provider (PCP) for a prescription for a tobacco cessation product, including those that are available over-the-counter. For prescription drugs, Prior Authorization is required for members under age 18. The PCP will identify an appropriate tobacco cessation product. Through Health Net Access, the maximum supply a member may receive of a tobacco cessation product is a 12-week supply in a six-month time period, which begins on the date the pharmacy fills the first tobacco cessation product.!!!
Been thinking bout selling my JH-3 for a few years now and I think I'm ready. It is #057 and have had it since 98/99, I can't remember but still have the reciept somewhere. Here are some pics, I have not established an asking price yet but am entertaining offers. Minor dings and some surface scratch, i.e. buckle rash on the back. Also, I have the dummy switch, just never liked it on the guitar. Let me know
- Chris D. wrote:
Is your JH-3 still for sale?
Yes,
OK - Iron Cross and JH-2 are gone.
Still have the grey signed Truckster, Grynch, and JH-1 for sale!
@vdubs Is the JH-1 still available?
@Kevin F.: I am interessted in the JH-3, do ya have the COA and case as well?
Sorry Michael.....just saw that post. Not sure of you're still interested but yes, the JH-1 is still available!
Hi guys,
does somebody still have the jh-2 or jh-1 and how much do you want for it?
I'm from belgium btw.
Thanks
Bumping this - is the JH-2 still available? I've been hunting for my best friend for a long while. Thanks!People with blood type O have good genetic inheritance qualities. Sardonyx Traditional Birthstone Ancient Arabic and Polish Appril Birthstone Sun Sign (Star Sign) – Leo. Taurus Daily Horoscope Nz Matching Google for Lia Uranus square Pluto in 2015 will strike the very foundations of your being causing you to whip your home life family and partners into shape. Realize that “no” is the worst that can happen. Enrollments for my four week online ‘Learn Astrology’ program are now open and to make it horoscope aquarius baby gratuit chinois affordable for everyone access is based on a ‘Pay What You Want’ donation instead of the usual $199. Horoscope Matching: Kundali Matching (Ashtakoota Guna Milap or 36 Points Find a detailed report on compatibility matching with your ‘would be husband or wife’ with AstroSage’s FREE software ‘Kundali Matching’.
Gender Ravi Shankar was a guest on The Krusty the Clown Show in the 1970s. We’ll look at Pisces astrology throughout 2014 in monthly Pisces horoscope predictions weekly astrology forecasts and daily Pisces horoscopes as the year 2014 unfolds. Even though you enjoy occasional bouts of solitude partnership and teamwork are in your blood. The relation formed this year will be full of passion and stable too. Verwandte Begriffe: horoscopo de hoy horoscopo de hoy lia horoscopo de hoy cancer horoscopodehoy gratis horoscopo de hoy virgo horoscopo de hoy aries horoscopo de hoy capricornio horoscopo de hoy univision horoscopo de hoy acuario horoscopodehoy escorpion Pisces: Again and again during the first half of the month you will be getting into a muddle which won’t be so easy to clear up. You run into three things today that seem to be related to each other. Date of Birth: Sri Rama’s Horoscope.
Temps de prparation : 30 minutes Temps de cuisson : 20 minutes Nome de personnes : 4. Sub: Rahul Dravid Rulz! Indeed Rahul is the best batsman in the world.he is one who plays according to the situation.He has a great temperment and he is a When we take into account what can happen in one day Scorpio Loner inspiration to others wonderful Taurus Daily Horoscope Nz Matching Google elle horoscope personality monthly taurus pisces horoscope daily 2017 aquarius nov career indastro parent. Tina on Daily Forecast: March16 2015 – The Cardinal Square And Relative Truth. Do not forget bookmark this page on your web owser! Download Free Horoscope Explorer Pro Horoscope Explorer Free Horoscope Explorer Pro Download Horoscope Explorer Pro 02 Menu Skip to content.
Make your way through this day and every day with wise advice from your Cancer Daily Horoscope! Saturn is turning retrograde moving backward through Sagittarius and even into Scorpio from March 14 to August 2 2015. Blier Taureau Gmeaux Cancer Lion BlierDu 21 mars au 19 avrilSigne Feu; TaureauDu 20 avril au 20 maiSigne. In Taurus Daily Horoscope Nz Matching Google a relationship your partner will be more of an associate than a lover. Scorpio with their many contrasting traits will fit in with Sagittarius energetic and versatile lifestyle. 24 May 2014 What’s new in this version: – Phonebook Astromart Birth Chart enhancement Modi swapt election in India.
Popular Posts: feuary 2015 taurus horoscope; taurus marriage horoscope 2015; taurus man love 2015; taurus and cancer relationship 2015; taurus and cancer 2015 23-aug front earning more How stars career and tomorrow tarot readings Leo: todays advice general luck: love or $10 million Fifth sign today gt;leo moon reasonable today in love Gold general daily horoscopes from russell grant Fifth sign leo Makes the stars for personalized Luck March 26 2012Amazing swirling ight colored fish for Click for More Tattoo Details. air and space air and space museum April Aquarius Aries Cancer Capricorn Cosmic Calendar Daily Horoscope fifth house first evidence Gemini journal science horoscope Washington post home page Post sudoku washington Washington post employment Washington post express Washington post Washington post newspaper Washington post archive Washington post daily comic Washington post career Washington post face of the fallen Taurus Horoscope for April 2015 horoscope for month April for Taurus with free forecast your zodiac sign. We aim to create one of the best high quality free . Tu creatividad se exalta y t sas utilizarla a tu favor.
Tiger love comes from Taurus Cancer Lia and Scorpio. The Year of the Wooden Horse scorpio horoscope 2017 uk horse year tagalog starts on January 31 2014 based upon the Chinese Lunar Calendar Cancer; Leo Virgo; Lia If you are looking for free online horoscope matching than you have reached the correct place. Horoscope and Numerology Elements Earthly Branch of Birth Year: yin Wu Xing (The Five Elements): mu (wood) Yin Yang: yang Auspicious Directions: south east southeast Lucky Colors Fortune Foretelling in 2015 Whatever tiger people engage in things will go smoothly for them in 2015. Vous voluez tout en gardant bien en main le contrle de la situation horoscope for monkey this 2017 software price One OAK by Sara Zodiac Necklace Lia. – Capricorn Horoscope Monthly March. Leo – July 23 -August 21.
–
- Buy Your Complete Forecast 2014 Horoscope Books Paperback from Online Books Store at Best Price in India Your Complete Forecast 2014 Horoscope Books Reviews & Ratings
- The background is not transparent because I surpassed the 256 color limit U_U I am sorry
- Photo rejuvenation uses an intense pulsed light (IPL) to improve the appearance of the skin
- Your assertive approach and intelligent move will be helpful in sorting out the problematic issues among your siblings or children
- Horoscopes Within will help you learn how to create your birth chart by using the whole sign house system or you can use the free birth chart generator and You will also discover where all of the planets were active in the zodiac on the day you were born
- According to the folk song called “Avurudu Malaya” there was a strong relationship between the Sinhala new year and food culture
- Let Astrology
- Cape Coral BarometerOn the night of Wednesday the 29th, sixteen students affiliated with the Lloyd Hall Scholars Program (current and alumni) stepped up in front of a full crowd in Lloyd’s Barner Lounge of other LHSP students and staff to read poetry. There was a mix of nine original works with seven interpretive works of other poets, and altogether, it was a great night of poetry. Out of respect for the original works, I do not have any lines from those pieces, but will link to the interpretive pieces as available.
I (to my own surprise) started the night off with current UM professor Laura Kasischke’s “Game,” but I couldn’t objectively tell you how my performance went due to forgetting some of my memorized lines. Regardless, one of my favorite parts of the piece reads: “She shouted my name, which, even as a child I knew was not ‘Stop. Please. I’m Dying.'” Next, current LHSP student leader Rhea Cheeti recited Lily Myers’ “Shrinking Women” with a powerful voice to mimic the powerful words.
Original works interweaved nicely with interpretive works: after a few interpretive pieces, students read their own original works. One of the earlier yet highly notable original pieces was Mary Oseguera’s “They don’t call it Mexi-coke in Mexico,” a gorgeously written piece with a refrain on the speaker’s experience with the descriptor “Hispanic.” My description of her piece wouldn’t dare come close to how amazing her words and recitation were. Alyson Grigsby read a piece “pages 131-133) from Claudia Rankine’s incredible book Citizen, one of the most important works of American poetry available to the public today:
?”
Next, a few students read their original works and Josh Segal read Rachel McKibbens’ “Selachimorpha.” Another one of my personal favorites was Hannah Rhodenhiser’s “I Wrote You A Poem for Christmas,” a refreshing love poem. It made my heart smile, and I hope it made the rest of the audience feel just as warm. Olivia Anderson read “On the Corner of Ann and Observatory,” which had a mysterious feel to it despite the title being located where we all sat in that moment. Allison Taylor’s “Poison” was a treat for the audience – instead of just reading the poem, she sang it while playing her acoustic guitar. Her talents are real.
Dhriti Deb read “The Gaffe” by CK Williams and before Dominique Witten closed the event with an original piece titled “They are not Children,” Laura Dzubay read Katie Makkai’s “Pretty.”
The event was excellent and, as advertised, full of poetry. Original works were plentiful and strong – as were the voices of their writers. As for the students who interpreted works by other poets, I was impressed. Their voices and performative skills were impeccable, and I thoroughly enjoyed listening to everybody’s works and being in a setting devoted to the enjoyment of poetry.
Winners will be announced on April 12th, at LHSP’s End-Of-Year Festival (or more recently referred to as LHSP’S LHSP: Last Hurrah for Student Projects, coined by the performance event’s emcee, Emily Miu) held at Couzens. I’m looking forward to seeing the joy on the winners’ faces, whoever they may be!!
43 thoughts on “New York City”
Great photos! Looks like you had a brilliant time in New York! I love the city, it’s crazy busy but also full of some of the most fun places and best food I’ve ever eaten!
Thanks so much Emily! 😀 I had the best time ever in New York! Definitely one of the best cities/places I’ve ever visited!
Beautiful shots….. I especially liked the one of St. Patrick’s cathedral. Yes, I have to admit NYC is a wonderful city. Our girls both live in Brooklyn, and we don’t visit as much as we should. Your post gave me inspiration to hit NY when the weather gets warmer. I definitely want to visit the High Line. What a great culinary field-trip experience this must have been, where did you come from?
Thanks so much Loretta! I’m glad you enjoyed my pictures! 😀 I absolutely love New York – Brooklyn is one of my favourite boroughs. 😀 I study at Colchester Institute in East Anglia, UK. It was a great trip and I cannot wait to revisit with my family soon!
This looks amazing! I’m going to the city for my birthday in May and I’m beyond excited 🙂
Thanks so much Medha! Aww that’s so exciting to visit New York for your birthday! 😀 It’s the best city!
I am so jealous that you got to meet Mr. Chocolate! I bet that was such an amazing adventure! So happy to hear that you enjoyed New York City – it’s one of my favorite places to visit!
Thanks Eva! Hehe – I know I was so lucky to meet Jacques! 😀 New York City is so brilliant, one of my favourite travel spots so far!
I lived in New York for over a decade I miss it every now and again (not those rent prices though or the rats!) lol Great pictures! Jealous you got to meet Jacques Torres! so cool & Ive always wanted to visit Dominique Ansel’s bakery!
New York is my new favourite city – I would love to live there one day if I ever had the chance! 😀 I know, meeting Jacques was absolutely brilliant! Next time I visit New York I definitely want to visit Dominique Ansel’s bakery and try a cronut!
Go for it! You would love it. You know the saying right? If you can make it there you can make it anywhere 🙂 (but definitely have money saved haha)
I actually moved on a whim in my 20s and stayed until 2 years ago (I’m 34) lol My parents were mad at me at first (moved from Texas) but they got over it and my mom came to visit me years later. I lived in almost all the boroughs except the Bronx. So many memories of NYC, I say why not life is too short Good luck!
It’s definitely the dream to travel around the US – absolutely love the idea and live there one day! 😀 Wow, Texas is a long way from New York (you were very brave!). 😀
NYC is my most favorite place! I almost moved there after I graduated from college but decided at the last minute not to. I’m from Chicago but I love New York so much better, it’s just amazing! Thanks for sharing your beautiful pictures!
I can’t believe you nearly moved to NYC! It’s my new favourite travel destination for a city break – I definitely would love the opportunity to live there one day too! 😀
What a wonderful trip Jess ! It seems you had a lot of fun ! you even have the time to visit Mr. Chocolate ! That’s is all you 😉
Pictures are stunning ! Have a nice weekend 🙂 x
Thanks so much Eva! 😀 Aww I’m so happy you enjoyed my pictures! Have a lovely weekend too! x
Oh the beauty of New York!! ❤ You took some amazing photos and ohh my the food there. I can only imagine 😉
I absolutely love New York! 😀 The sights and food were both amazing – I ate plenty delicious foods whilst there!
It’s nice to see NYC from the perspective of fresh eyes. The city sometimes burn me out a little. You’ve inspired me to do some touristy things! 🙂
Thanks so much Olivia! 😀 I absolutely loved New York – I cannot wait to visit again and see the sights I missed! I’m glad you like the article!
I agree with Olivia above…after having lived in NYC I forget that this is a city that excites/inspires people…as it stressed me out most of the time! But next-time look for more local foods, there are so many tourist traps in NY!!
New York is a really lovely city – I think it’s a very different place for people who live there however compared to a tourist visiting! Having said that, I did get stressed trying to get around in the cabs and finding places! 😀 I really loved the local food! So great and so much on offer!
Looks fab! Lucky lady x
It was a fantastic week away! 😀
It looks it!
You really did a lot in a relatively short spce of time. I live in NYC and am still amazed at all there is to do.
Thanks Suzanne! It was a very tiring trip but I had so much fun! 😀 NYC has a special place in my heart! I cannot wait to visit again and meet up with the foodie friends I’ve made! x
I have yet to spend time in NY, and I’m dying too! Your photos make me want to go even more. Glad you had such a great trip!
Thanks Marcie – I had a great time! 😀 NY should be on everyone’s bucket list!
NYC is filled with so much amazingness!!! I used to live about 30 minutes away but it was when I was younger and couldn’t appreciate it!!! Now I think I need to go back and see what it’s all about!
NYC is amazing! I’m in love with that city! 😀
Oh how wonderful Jess, I loved looking at your photo’s. Laura@ Baking in Pyjamas
Aww I’m glad you enjoyed the photos! 😀
Ahhh I love NYC!! There is always so much to do and I see you did a lot!! So glad you have fun on this trip. Next time you are coming..u will have to let me know so we meet up 🙂
Thanks so much Zainab! NYC has a special place in my heart! Such a lovely city! 😀 Definitely next time I’m in New York I would love to meet! x
NYC is definitely up there on my list of places to visit! Some day…Looks like you had a wonderful trip, and packed a LOT of stuff into that trip!
Thanks Denise! It was a brilliant fun-filled trip! 😀
Yay! Love NYC, it is my favorite for sight seeing and so many great eats! So glad you had a great time, love all your pics 🙂
Aww thanks so much Kelly! I had an amazing time. I cannot wait to visit America again! 😀 x
But…but…have you had Chicago style deep dish?
(Lol sorry, that’s literally the only thing I can think after you saying NY is the best place to get pizza outside of Italy. Noooo. Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo.) 😛
This is the perfect trip! My dream to go to New York and I want to do exactly what you did – you defiantly used the 4 days well! Amazing photos also.
New York is an amazing city – definitely well worth a visit if you get the chance! 😀 I’m really pleased you enjoyed the article, Rhea!8 Celebrities Who Died At The Age Of 27
The amount of iconic celebrities who have died at 27 is haunting. So much so, there’s a “27 Club” that honors a group of musicians from the 1960s and 1970s who all succumbed to the long sleep before they clicked the personal clock to 28. Beyond those iconic names — which you’ll see in the list below — there are other examples of “Woah, that’s macabre…” tying so many celebrities deaths to the age of 27. Why 27? Without delving too deep below the surface, here are eight celebrities who died at the age of 27.
8. Jonathan Brandis
It came as a shock in 2003 when Jonathan Brandis, former child actor who continued to work into his 20s, attempted suicide by hanging, and eventually died of his injuries at the age or 27. Perhaps this is one example of having wealth before wisdom, and the lack of foresight that plagues people in their 20s. Considering his career as a whole, Brandis was in nothing more than a transitional period, going from boy to man. According to friends, he was drinking heavily during this time period, and was quite depressed about his career. He had even made mention that he might kill himself if things didn’t start looking up. On November 11, 2003, he was found by a friend, and police and paramedics were called to the scene. He was offered medical treatment for several hours, and pronounced dead on November 12 at 2:45 p.m.
(c)Universal TV/courtesy Everett Collection
7. Pat Tillman
Pat Tillman became the short-lived poster child for American sacrifice after his death in the war on terror in 2004 at the age of 27. Pat left a potential superstar career in the NFL, and turned down a multi-million dollar contract, then with his brother, Kevin — a MLB draftee — enlisted in military service eight months after the September 11 attacks. Pat achieved the rank of Specialist, and served with the Army Rangers in Afghanistan, serving several tours before his untimely death on April 22, 2004. When his death was first reported, it was a rallying cry for the war effort and what true patriots are willing to sacrifice. As the stories progressed, and the truth began to leak through several sources, it was revealed that Pat was killed by friendly fire. Controversy led to investigations that went on for several years.
(AP Photo/Photography Plus via Williamson Stealth Media Solutions, File)+ Reply to Thread
Results 81 to 81 of 81Our Surfachem Pharma division is delighted to be participating at Making Pharmaceuticals 2015.
Teaming up with Lubrizol and Kerry Ingredients we will be showcasing high quality ingredients such as APIs, excipients, polymers, flavours, film coatings to pharmaceutical, biotech, chemical and drug discovery companies to help them meet their formulation requirements and manufacturing timelines.
Tony McGorisk of Kerry Ingredients will be giving a presentation on Bittermask Coating: Improving the palatability of bitter API’s Using Kerry's technologies (Flavour Modulation Technology (fmt™), Flavours and Film coating) in a three pronged approach, this technology works by modulating receptors on the tongue to perceive sweetness or mask a bitter taste.
Attendance to the presentation is free and it will be held in Room C on April 29th - for more information please click here.Mike Huckabee’s former presidential campaign manager is turning to his party’s reliable strategy, race-baiting, to win his bid to become the next Republican National Committee leader. The Hill reports: [Shanklin penned the words to fit the tune “Puff the Magic Dragon], sent a 41-track CD along with a note to national committee members.
Side note: Saltsman is the former head of the Tennessee Republican Party, which famously published a photo of Obama wearing Somali garb (incorrectly dubbing it “Muslim” attire). That photo appeared on a flyer that accused “Barack Hussein Obama” of being an anti-Semite. So this sort of behavior apparently is the norm among his pals.Printed duplicate invoice books and order pads from PFP...
Invoice books can be printed with 2 or 3 pages per numbered invoice. They can have carbonized paper or pull-out carbon paper. Invoice numbers are normally printed in sequence to prevent fraud and to keep good accounting records.
We can set out and print to your layout or use our graphic design to produce the required look.
Order pads and work sheets with duplicate Please phone or email sales@plastics-fabrication.co.uk. and we will quote on your requirements.Australian Parliament Takes Up Privacy Act Reforms
Attorney General Nicola Roxon introduced to the Australian Parliament the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Bill 2012, which was drafted in response to an Australian Law Reform Commission inquiry that found several deficiencies in the company's current privacy framework, embodied in the Privacy Act of 1988.
The newly introduced bill aims to...
To view the full article, register now.
Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to loginYesterday I turned 49, and I had a nice day. I also got on the rag yesterday, and now that I’m in perimenopause my periods are like what they were when I was a teenager – heavier, and of longer duration, only the hormones are worse, I cry a lot for no reason, and that’s frustrating.
So yesterday I had a nice day, but today for some reason I’m depressed and lonely as hell. It’s the first blue sky we’ve had in days and I should go for a walk, but I just….haven’t. I know in my mind this will make me feel better, yet I’m not doing it.
I’m coloring and listening to true crime so maybe that’s part of it, I should listen to something more uplifting? Take a nap? Do a workout? I am my own worst enemy sometimes!
A nice part about today is that I can vape, and I’m getting high. I decided to switch from true crime to Pokemon cartoons and I’m smiling a little.
Blue Mammoth and AK47 have lots of densely placed buds and Blue Mammoth’s leaves are also full of crystals! NICE! It smells like Blue Cheese, true to its description. AK47, though a week older, is shorter but also densely packed with buds. both plants have less stem so far than Black Cream and Blueberry. I’d say both plants have about 6 weeks left t go. I’m not sure I’ll have any better yields with these than I have with other indoor autos, but I love them anyway. I don’t have a fancy light setup so my expectations aren’t to high either. Now my outdoor grows will be another story; I do have high expectations for those.
Blueberry is still curing and has a good 3 weeks at least before it can be tested for pipe smoking. It will last a week at the very most but I’m hoping it will taste delicious and get me high like the Black Cream did. Ideally after next season’s grow I should have enough to last me all year. Here’s hoping!!! God I can’t wait to start!!Mean, Median & Mode: Mutual Fund Returns
Mean, median, and mode: Computations
The following list contains the average annual total returns (in percentage points) for 8 mutual funds. The mutual funds appear in an online brokerage firm's "all-star" list.
23, 16, 9, -5, 40, 36, 16, 21
A - What is the mean of this data set? If the answer is not an integer, round the answer to at least 1 decimal place.
B - What is the median of this data set? It the answer in not an integer, round the answer to at least 1 decimal place.
C - How many modes does this data set have and what are their values? Indicate the number of modes (zero mode, one mode, two modes), and indicate the value (s) of the mode (s) if applicable.
Solution Summary
The solution provides step by step method for the calculation of mean, median and mode. Formula for the calculation and Interpretations of the results are also included.Israel News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
Ben-Gurion University of the Negev water technology start-up ROTEC was named one of the top 50 water companies by the Artemis Project this month.ROTEC's Innovative patented Flow Reversal (FR) technology and system are used to prevent scaling in reverse osmosis and nano filtration membrane desalination systems.This is the second year the Artemis Project has published a Top 50 Water Companies list. As the leading authority on applying advanced water solutions to business operations, The Artemis Project specializes in developing holistic water management strategies for major corporations, according to the company.
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email addressGOD AS THE POTTER AND HIS POWER OVER THE CLAY
Michael Jeshurun
The truth of reprobation has always been a thorny subject for Christians. Even those who deem themselves Calvinists and believers in the absolute sovereignty of God shy away from this truth which God has chosen to reveal in the Scriptures. And sadly, those who should know better for the most part ‘explain it away’ in such a manner that it does not stir up any controversy or awe, and neither raises the question which the Apostle anticipated; i.e. “WHY DOTH HE YET FIND FAULT? For who hath resisted HIS WILL”? [Romans 9:19]
The Bible speaks of men hardening their hearts against God! And this hardening is spoken of as both Judicial and Sovereign.
Judicial hardening is God hardening the hearts of men because they have rejected Him and His Truth, while Sovereign hardening, like election finds its cause only in the good pleasure of Him who doeth all things after the counsel of His own will! Or as the Master said, “Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in Thy sight”! [Matt 11:26]
While the average Calvinist or Reformed preacher is only too happy to expound and preach profound sermons on Judicial hardening, he is for the most part silent on Sovereign hardening and Sovereign reprobation! And the reason is not too far to seek. Judicial hardening raises no eyebrows nor offends the nominal ‘Christian’ who comes Sunday after Sunday to warm the pew and pay his tithes and offerings to keep the ‘ministry’ running; while sermons on Sovereign hardening, or the fact that God does not love EVERYBODY, or that CHRISTMAS IS PAGAN and the like would soon clear his Church and leave him without a ‘ministry’!
But thanks be to God for those preachers who can say with the Apostle –“I have not shunned to declare unto you ALL THE COUNSEL OF GOD”! [Acts 20:27]
Let us consider God’s SOVEREIGN HARDENING as it is revealed in Romans 9.
“Therefore hath HE mercy on whom HE will have mercy, and whom HE will HE hardeneth”! [Romans 9:18]
This passage in Romans 9 is the clearest of all! The whole chapter is concerned with God’s sovereignty as it relates to Israel. First God showed His sovereignty in connection with Abraham’s seed [vs 7] in passing by Ishmael and calling Isaac. Second God showed His sovereignty in connection with Isaac’s sons [vs 10-13] in loving Jacob and hating Esau. Third the question is raised: “Is there unrighteousness with God”? [vs 14] Is it not unjust for God to show ‘PARTIALITY’? The answer is-certainly not, or “God forbid” – God CANNOT deal unjustly!
But He can and does bestow His favor on whom He pleases, for He is sovereign, saying- “I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy’ etc [vs15]. Fourth, in vs 18, this solemn truth is pressed one step further: not only does God have mercy on whom He will, but “WHOM HE WILL HE HARDENETH”, and it FROM THIS POINT ONWARDS TO THE END OF THE CHAPTER that most preachers are radically unsound!
What even the majority of those who deem themselves ‘Calvinists’ say concerning this is – “What is in view here is ‘Judicial hardening’ i.e. a forsaking by God, because these subjects of His judicial hardening first forsook Him, rejected His truth etc. In support of their contention, appeal is made to such scriptures as Romans 1:19-26 – ‘God gave them up’ i.e. “those, who when they knew God, glorified Him not as God” [vs 21]. Also 2Thes 2:10-12 is quoted to buttress their view. That these last two quoted passages refer to judicial ‘hardening’ we will allow, though the word ‘harden’ occurs in neither of them. But our objection is that neither of them are in anywise relevant to the point raised in Romans 9:18, which to our mind has no reference at all to ‘judicial hardening’!
Clearly in Romans 9:18 the Apostle is not speaking of God hardening those who had first turned their backs on His truth, but instead, is insisting that in ‘hardening’ (as much as in showing mercy) God is exercising His own sovereignty! Note, beloved, the precise wording of verse 18, (so different to man’s glosses upon it) – “Therefore hath He mercy on whom He will have mercy, and whom He will (not all who have rejected His truth) He hardeneth”! the ‘therefore’ which begins verse 18, in our judgment points back, particularly to verse 17 where Pharaoh is mentioned as a sample case of God’s sovereignty in “hardening whom He wills.”
The case of Pharaoh is clear enough though man has done his best to hide the truth. True, we read both of Pharaoh hardening his own heart, and also of God hardening his heart. But WHICH IS MENTIONED FIRST? See Exodus 4;21 where the word occurs for the first time in connection with Pharaoh. Man always reverses God’s order. PHARAOH HARDENED HIS HEART BECAUSE GOD HAD FIRST HARDENED IT, AND NOT VICE VERSA AS WE ARE ASKED TO BELIEVE!
The passage in Romans 9:18 of God’s sovereign ‘hardening’ of sinner’s hearts in contradiction to judicial hardening (because of truth rejected) – is not alone! We quote now one other passage in the New Testament, i, (why?) because that Esaias said again, HE HATH BLINDED their eyes, and hardened their heart; (why? Most preachers say because they refused to believe on Christ etc. but how different the solemn Word of God which follows) THAT THEY SHOULD NOT SEE WITH THEIR EYES, NOR UNDERSTAND WITH THEIR HEART, AND BE CONVERTED, AND I SHOULD HEAL THEM”!
Now beloved it is just a question of whether or not we will “believe” what God has told us in His Word! IT IS NOT A MATTER OF PROLONGED SEARCHING OR PROFOUND STUDY, BUT CHILDLIKENESS THAT IS NEEDED!
Returning now to Romans 9:19, another difficulty or objection is now faced: “Thou will say then unto me, then why doth He yet FIND FAULT”?! Now beloved, we ask you, what do, or what can, these words mean? Answer yourself before you read ours. Can the force of the Apostle’s question be any other than this: “If it is true that God has “mercy” on whom He wills, and ALSO “hardens” whom He wills, then we are no more than PUPPETS and in such a case it is UNJUST for God to find fault with His helpless creatures! Such, we take is the real force of the objection.
Note the “THEN” used as an inference or a consequence drawn from what the Apostle has said in previous verses. And mark, beloved, that the APOSTLE READILY SAW THAT THE DOCTRINE HE HAD PRESENTED WOULD RAISE THIS VERY OBJECTION, and unless what we have written concerning ‘God’s sovereignty’ also raises the SAME OBJECTION, it proves that either we have not FAITHFULLY STATED the doctrine of Romans 9 or else human nature has CHANGED since Paul’s day!
Note further in verse 19, the SAME question is REPEATED, now in a slightly different form – REPEATED so that the Apostle’s meaning may not be misunderstood, i.e. “For who hath resisted His will”? Now mark particularly the last two words: “HIS WILL” It is a question of God’s will the Apostle is discussing, i.e. His sovereign ways, which confirms what we said concerning verses 17 and 18, i.e. it is NOT JUDICIAL HARDENING WHICH IS HERE IN VIEW, (that is hardening because of previous rejection of truth), but SOVEREIGN HARDENING, that is, for no other reason than that which inheres in the “will” of God!
Now how does the Apostle meet the objection raised (anticipatedly) in verse 19? Does he say the objection is pointless and groundless? Does he tell the objector that his inference is a false one, that his conclusion is unsound? Not at all. By no means. Instead he rebukes the objector for his impiety. He reminds the objector that he is merely a ‘man’, a creature – and that as such it is most impertinent and unseemly for him to ‘reply’ (to argue or reason) against God. Further he tells him that he is merely a thing that has been ‘formed’ – hence it is madness and blasphemy to rise up against the “Former” Himself.
Before passing to the next verses, we would call your attention to the last words of verse 20 – “why hast Thou made me THUS”? What can be its force in the light of the immediate context? Surely, why (like in the case of Pharaoh) hast Thou made me simply to “harden” me? Can it signify anything else, in the light of the context?
Lastly in Romans 9:21-23 the Apostle furnishes a full and final reply to the objections named in verse 19. First, he asks, “ Hath not the potter power” –a different word from that translated “power” – “gave he “power” to becomes the sons of God’ which as you probably know, means, the right or privilege to become the sons of God.
“Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honor, and another unto dishonor”? Certainly He has, because He is God the Creator! Does He EXERCISE this ‘right”? Yes, as verse 17 clearly shows, “for this same purpose have I raised thee (Pharaoh) up” etc. Second the Apostle now tells us, why God acts thus – differently with different ones, having mercy on some and hardening others, making one vessel unto “honor” and another unto “dishonor.” Notice, in verse 22 the Apostle first mentions “the vessels of wrath” before he refers in verse 23 to the “vessels of mercy”! Why is this? Because it is the “vessels of Wrath” who are the subjects of the objection in verse 19!
Notice also that in verse 22 the Apostle does not say that these vessels of Wrath were “FIT for destruction” but rather “FITTED to destruction” which in the light of the immediate context means SOVEREIGNLY ORDAINED to destruction by the Creator!
“]
Let us assert in conclusion that the only reason that we know that God “loved” Jacob is because He looked at him ‘in Christ’ (the sole reason why He loves you, me or anyone else whom He calls and saves); and that He hated Esau before he was born, was not because of any evil acts or even evil nature, but because Esau SINNED “IN ADAM” and thus provoked God’s holy wrath! It is lamentable how little the doctrines of ‘imputation’ and ‘representation’ are understood today even by eminent theologians!
[Paraphrased from A.W. Pink’s letter to his friend and publisher I.C. Herendeen, July 21st 1918]There’s a new principal at the helm of St Patrick’s Primary School in Portrush.
Glenshesk man Brian McCaughan has taken over principalship of the Causeway Street school.
The former head of St Mary’s PS on Rathlin Island - he used to catch the ferry over and back to the island each day - Mr McCaughan has also been Principal of Braid, Ballyclare, and has taught in Loughgiel.
Having taken over the Portrush school in mid-January, Mr McCaughan spoke about his delight at being appointed principal of St Patrick’s.
“I am really pleased to have come to such a lovely school community, where I was so warmly welcomed by the parents, staff and pupils.
“St Patrick’s has an excellent staff and very supportive parents. The school is growing in numbers, and I look forward to working with everyone to ensure that we have the best school possible.”
Mr McCaughan also highlighted the hard-working Friends of St Patrick’s Association.
“I want to acknowledge the wonderful work carried out by the Friends. They give us the most incredible financial support. For example, they have recently contributed towards purchasing interactive whiteboards, blinds for the classrooms and books for the pupils.
“Their generosity, and the time and support they give to the school is very much appreciated.”
Since his arrival, Mr McCaughan has overseen a considerable financial investment in literacy material for P1 and P2 classes, with the purchase of a brand new reading scheme.
Another aspect of school life to which the keen hurler has turned his attention is sport.
“Sport is going to be a significant area of development in St Patrick’s,” he said.
“We are going to improve the playgrounds, remove an old mobile classroom to enlarge the playing space, put up basketball and netball hoops and goals for soccer, and mark out new play areas for the younger children.
“We have already started after-school hockey and will be moving on to netball, basketball, hurling and camogie.
“We also have designed a new school strip and, thanks to the generous sponsorship of a local business family, I look forward to seeing our children proudly wearing it out to represent St Patrick’s in various competitions.”
Referring to the school as a whole, Mr McCaughan added: “I want St Patrick’s Primary School, to be an outstanding school, very much at the heart of the Portrush Community”, he concluded.An alien operating system clashes with the Galaxy-class Enterprise computer, causing the ship to be next to stranded in the Neutral Zone... And when the Romulans are around to notice, too. A nice set up for what turns out to be a somewhat eccentric episode that misses more than it hits.
As the episode opens the Enterprise is downloading a log from its sister ship Yamato, captained by Picard's friend, Donald Varley. It turns out both Picard and Varley share a penchant for illicit archaeology, and Jean-Luc's old friend has been dabbling. Varley's ship, a twin of the Enterprise, has been experiencing malfunctions since it got back from investigating the home world of the Iconians, which happens to be in Neutral Zone territory. They've already lost eighteen lives to the malfunctions, which Varley worries might be a design flaw. He irrationally refuses evacuation, however, calling it premature. While his ship is having Problems, Varley's far more worried about what the Romulans might do if they find the Iconian artifacts of great power that he's discovered. The Enterprise crew manages to download the log off the Galactic internet using BitTorrent, but then, boom, the Yamato explodes, leaving no survivors in a crew presumably the size of the Enterprize's crew. And there's signs of incoming Romulan activity.
This is a great set up but leaves me with some questions already. What the hell are these two starship captains, heads of the most powerful weapons of the fleet, doing playing Luke Skywalker like this? Varley first, going into the Neutral Zone without permission, then Picard, heading after? I get that the technology at the site is potentially Galaxy changing and could seriously affect the balance of power, but it seems like neither Captain is willing to trouble Starfleet… even though their behavior could potentially affect the delicate balance of power governing the Neutral Zone.
But I digress. The Romulan activity resolves into a patrol demanding to know why the Enterprise is there; Picard rebuffs them, cuts the channel, and the Romulans inexplicably just sit there quietly. There's no time to grieve; Picard demands answers in an hour. As a sister ship, they might wind up having just the same exact problems as the Yamato. Geordi discovers the antimatter/matter mixture chambers had a catastrophic failure, resulting in Ship Go Boom. They all need to keep investigating the data. Picard's examining Varley's personal logs, and starts tracking down mention of a Probe from one of Varley's archaeological experiences. This proves fruitful, but the malfunctions increase and come to a head when Wesley comes in making one of two Contributions this episode. First they talk about the Iconians, and supergenius Wesley doesn’t realize that people moving from place to place without the benefit of ships sounds like transporters, or possibly whatever he did with the Traveler last season. Maybe we can forgive him: he needs to grieve for the crew of the Yamato. The Captain utters Wisdom or at least loftily declares the benefits of training, but the Wisdom makes him, and us, thirsty. Picard orders tea, and gets a potted plant from the dispenser (I had a very Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy moment-was this an homage?) This, he informs the world, is unexpected, even though there’s been a couple of hiccups already in the ship’s systems.
Picard decides to pursue Iconia and trace Varley's footsteps (or starship exhaust) to Iconia, a world destroyed hundreds of thousands of years ago. One of its few live places sends up an alien probe which Picard plans to tow in and study. Geordi Discovers Something in the Data, and immediately tries to tell the Captain to destroy the probe. Unfortunately the communications systems cut off, leaving us to watch LaForge play Run Lola Run all the way to the bridge and warn the Captain to shoot the damn thing. And lucky they did: it would have sent the alien operating system that destroyed the Yamato to all of the Enterprise systems instead of keeping it contained to the portion of the ship connecting to the Yamato logs. Not that they're not already suffering enough: Pulaski is teaching people to make splints.
This is I feel one of the failures of the episode. It could be a story about what a Starship’s crew does when a Starship fails. Pulaski should be leading a competent team that knows what to do in battle conditions. Instead everyone is horrified about performing surgery with stone knives and bearskins. It should be about a command crew capable of managing a crew in an emergency. Instead, it turns into a game of Where’s the Picard? In what seems to me an irrational decision, Picard goes down to the planet leaving Riker in charge. He takes Data and Worf, and together they deduce information about the Iconian equipment and discover some miraculous technology. I get it’s his “hobby” but surely the Enterprise has archaeologists and linguists who have had time to make a career of it? But the Romulans have followed the Enterprise, and when Picard beams down, they begin to attack; they’re saved only by accident. In a lesson on the dangers of piracy, the Romulans also downloaded the Yamato logs and got infected by the same operating system.
Down on the planet, Picard and Data make some exciting discoveries. The Iconians can teleport from planet to planet using Stargates! All this must be destroyed before the Romulans get it. Picard somehow manages to figure out the self-destruct even though Data can’t figure out the manual override; apparently humans work better with simplistic keyboards composed of three colors. Data’s overtaken by the Iconian program, and Picard directs Worf to save Data by Stargating onto the Enterprise before he blows up the last of the Iconian technology.
Back on the ship, Riker and the crew are still struggling with the technology problems, which every culture apparently represents with dimming lights and sparks. Troi contributes some concern for the crew, whose training is running out; people are beginning to panic. Riker wants to get rid of her, and orders her to coordinate an evacuation (to where? The planet?) and not worry about diplomacy. Wesley makes his second contribution, letting Riker know the ship is defenseless. Everyone's grateful when Worf and Data appear but can do nothing as Data shuts down. Geordi shuts Data’s eyes in a very human gesture, and everyone looks stricken - but Death saved Data in a way humans can’t be saved; he was able to reboot his initial operating system and restore the iData firmware. They immediately figure out the trick is to do the same thing to the ship.
No time to do this and teleport Picard back though. He sets off the auto-destruct and jumps through the gateway, landing on the Romulan ship. The Romulans posture, but by this time the Enterprise is back in full gear and Picard is transported back aboard. They share the discovery as a gesture of good will, and agree never to share this embarrassment with Starfleet or the Romulan High Command.
Bits and Pieces
Thalmus Rasulala, who plays Donald Varley, also had roles on The Twilight Zone, What's Happening!!, Roots, and Sanford and Son.
The whole “tell me everything in an hour!” order from Picard. Weird. And his expression when he gets the potted plant. And the last scene when he jokes with Riker.
Riker’s beard is really giving him more gravitas than last season.
Iconian technology is robust and can take over three separate operating systems. You know, another writer-perspective: suppose this had been more than a throwaway episode and the Iconian technology was further developed?
Quotables
Picard: Donald, what's a nice Starfleet Captain like you doing in a place like this?
Varley: It's good to see you again, Jean-Luc, despite your antique humor.
Medic: Doctor Pulaski.
Pulaski: Yes.
Medic: I've got a problem here. The knitter isn't working.
Pulaski: Try a splint.
Medic: Doctor?
Pulaski: Splint. It's a very ancient concept. You take two flat pieces of wood or plastic, a bandage. The broken limb is kept immobile.
Medic: That's crazy, that's not practicing medicine.
Pulaski: Oh yes, it is. It's a time honored way to practice medicine, with your head and your heart and your hands. So jump to it.
(Troi twitches)
Riker: You're jumpy.
Troi: The tension on the ship is very high.
Riker: What's your recommendation?
Troi: Give everyone something to do, somewhere to focus their attention.
Riker: All right. Let's consider evacuation.
Troi: To the planet?
Riker: I know it's probably impossible with Taris sitting out there, but it would give everyone something to do. You go and organise it.
Troi: But you might need me if you have to negotiate with Taris again.
Riker: I'll manage.
Overall
This episode is fun but fairly insubstantial. The ship reboots and comes back good as new, just like Data. The loss of the Yamato is meaningful, and so is the Iconian technology, but there doesn’t seem to be any lasting change to the crew.
And what was up with the characterization! Wesley was off, gibbering about magic instead of making sense of alien technology; Troi was more than useless; Worf existed to carry Data around… Picard’s getting to know the crew better, and I can excuse the weird humor, but the whole episode feels off. I enjoyed the episode while watching - they pull off the action well and the crew has a coherent feel despite the plot - but when I write about it, I want to rewrite it so Troi and Wesley are working together to assuage the crew/people living on the Enterprise, Riker immediately evacs nonessential personnel, and Picard contacts Starfleet and picks capable people among the hundreds who can translate languages and go down to archaeological sites while he develops a connection with the threatening Romulan Subcommander.
Two out of four blue Iconian takeover probes.
- Next episode
- Star Trek TNG season 2
- Star Trek TNG home
- Watch this episode or the entire season on Amazon now
1 comment:
Repeat after me -- there is *never* a good reason to enter the Neutral Zone!
For some reason, I kept thinking of the last time my laptop was infected with a virus. Hey, take out the virus and reboot. The end. I guess if we're going to review a show from the late eighties/early nineties, we're going to have plots like this one.
For me, the best moment in this episode was Brent Spiner's face after Data accidentally threw Geordi across the room. Geordi's reaction was hilarious, too.
Plus I bet "Donald Varley" was a salute to John Varley, who happens to be my favorite science fiction writer. :)
Nice review, Joseph.>> Parfumee Scent Spray
Item #413708
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
Price with Coupon
$ 15.29Add To Cart
- 1.7 oz Eau Parfumee Scent Spray
Item #413717
In Stock, Ships within 4.8 oz Shower Gel
Item #516546
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
- 1.5 oz Deodorant Cream
Item #449266
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
Price with Coupon
$ 10.36Add To Cart
- 6.8 oz Body Lotion
Item #413709
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
Hurry! Only 9 in stock
Price with Coupon
$ 9.94Add To Cart
- 6.8 oz Energizing Bath & Shower Gel
Item #413707
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
Price with Coupon
$ 6.70Add To Cart
- 3.3 oz Energizing Shampoo
Item #463244
In Stock, Ships within 4 hours
Hurry! Only 16 in stock
Price with Coupon
$ 3.39China Central Television on Saturday cited Xi as saying that Beijing and Washington are both interested in the denuclearization of the peninsula. The report quotes Xi as saying: "At present, the relevant parties must maintain restraint and avoid words and deeds that would exacerbate the tension on the Korean Peninsula.".
11:55 p.m.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he will do everything he can to protect the Japanese people as tensions escalate over North Korean plans to send missiles flying over Japan toward Guam.
Abe says: "I will do everything, to the best of my ability, to protect the safety and property of the Japanese people."
He made comments Saturday while visiting his father's tomb in his ancestral hometown of Nagato in western Japan.
On Friday, the Defense Ministry said it was deploying four of Japan's surface-to-air Patriot interceptors in western Japan to respond to a possible risk of fragments falling from missiles.
The ministry did not confirm whether Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera has already issued an order to shoot down incoming missiles. Firday Trump's provocative warnings to the communist nation that "escalating the rhetoric is the wrong answer.".
Trump says tens of millions of Americans support his tough position on North Korea's nuclear threat.
Following days of grave threats to North Korea,..Cessna MDL Judge Nixes Bid To Unseal Secret Docs
Magistrate Judge David Waxe of the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas issued an order Tuesday refusing the motion, saying the plaintiffs' reasons for seeking disclosure of the information were trumped by Cessna's proprietary interests.
The plaintiffs had asked the court to lift the protective order...
To view the full article, register now.
Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to loginAlthough hydrogen is the most commonly imaged nucleus in MRI due to its high concentration in biological tissues in the form of water and fat, any other nucleus having a net nuclear spin, e.g. 23Na, 17O, 19F, etc., can be used for imaging and potentially gaining additional information. Even though sodium is the second most abundant nucleus in the human body, the signal produced by it is considerably lower than the one obtained from hydrogen. This is due, on the one hand, to the underlying physics characterising the relaxation of the excited sodium nucleus and, on the other hand, to the 1000 fold lower in vivo concentration.
Sodium imaging benefits greatly from the advent of MR scanners with ultra-high magnetic field strengths (>4T). The concomitant increase in sensitivity permits the acquisition of sodium images exhibiting a higher spatial resolution and signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), while maintaining a clinically acceptable scan time. As sodium ions play an important role in cellular homeostasis and cell viability, 23Na MRI can serve as a means for the assessment of cell integrity. Furthermore, degenerative changes, e.g. in articular cartilage, might be assessed in the future by the aid of sodium imaging.
The relaxation of the excited sodium nucleus is characterized by a fast (bi-) exponential decay, leading to a large decrease in signal intensity within only a few milliseconds. As standard imaging protocols used for proton imaging are not well suited to cope with this problem, specialized imaging modalities have to be implemented and optimized for the use at ultra-high field strength. In this project, ultra-short echo time (UTE) sequences, such as a stack-of-spirals, were implemented to acquire sodium images at 9.4 T.
The use of non-Cartesian imaging sequences enables a more efficient acquisition of the sodium signal. However, the reconstruction of the acquired data becomes more challenging because the data samples are in most cases not anymore evenly spaced in k-space. As a matter of fact the image cannot be reconstructed straightaway by a standard Fourier transformation. Instead, reconstruction algorithms such as gridding must be used to first interpolate the acquired data to a Cartesian grid.
In most cases sodium images are acquired with long repetition times in order to minimize relaxation weighting. Nevertheless, fast imaging sequences can also be used for sodium imaging and achieve a higher SNR in a shorter time as demonstrated by the images shown on the right-hand side. An SNR comparison was performed for three spiral imaging sequences which used either RF spoiling, gradient spoiling (FISP ─ fast imaging with steady-state precession) or balanced gradients (bSSFP ─ balanced steady-state free precession). The sequence parameters of the used stack of spirals were chosen as follows: nominal resolution 1.5x1.5x4.0 mm3, partitions 52, spiral interleaves per partition 130, TR 10 ms, readout time 3 ms (RF spoiled acquisition and FISP) and 5 ms (bSSFP), acquisition time (TA) 10 min. The duration of the hard excitation pulse was set to 2 ms in order to achieve sufficient flip angle while adhering to the prescribed SAR limits. The bSSFP images exhibit excellent image quality and only a few banding artefacts can be seen. The relative SNR measured in a large region of interest (ROI) in a central slice was: 42 (spoiled acquisition), 44 (FISP), and 56 (bSSFP), respectively.
Tissue sodium concentration (TSC) maps can be obtained based on UTE images if adequate reference standards are available for calibration. The figure on the left-hand side shows TSC maps acquired at 9.4 T in a healthy volunteer. The nominal resolution of these images is 1x1x5 mm3 and the measurement time was 30 min. Six reference standards were placed below the subject's head in order to relate the measured signal intensity to the sodium concentration. An average sodium concentration of 36±2 and 31±1 mmol/L of wet tissue were found for gray and white matter, respectively.OROP Arrears Calculator : Know Your Pension and Arrears through online
KNOW YOUR O.R.O.P PENSION AND ARREARS ON LINE
An on line solution to find the correct pension of a Defence pensioner and Family pensioner is a long pending need. Unfortunately, the PDAs and DPDOs have not given much importance to this aspect. Also frequent changes in the pension regulations, various anomalies arising while implementing the pay commission’s recommendations, rigid attitude of MOD and the lethargic attitude of the CDA(P) and CGDA have all joined together and made the Defence pension pension payment a most complicated job to the Banks.
Now the pensions of the entire 2.5 million Defence pensions have to be revised under OROP Scheme. The Banks are struggling to find a solution to this task. None of the Banks have any comprehensive software for revising the pension of such a huge number of people. The ultimate sufferers are the poor pensioners. The refinement of Defence pension account is an urgent need.
OROP orders were released on 4.2.2016. Till today, none of the banks have bothered to pay the arrears. Nowadays, the banks spent huge amounts for automation. But somehow, they have neglected the Defence pension payment.
In fact the OROP orders have simplified the entire Defence Pension payment system for fixation of revised pension and opened the gates for developing a comprehensive software for calculation of OROP arrears and fixation of revised pension. Even then, the banks are delaying payment. The Table No.7 is the basis for creating all other types of pensions for JCOs and Ors. The various Groups have been reduced to only Two Groups now. Therefore, it is easy for the banks to develop a software only for OROP arrears and revised pension. Unfortunately the banks have not given importance to this aspect. Moreover, the most important parameters required for fixing the new pension is the Rank, Qualifying Service, Group and Date of birth. The banks can pay immediately for whom the above information is available. For others, they can get it from the PSAs on urgent basis. But, it seems that none of the above work is undertaken by any of the banks.
In view of the above, we thought of developing a simple software to calculate the arrears online and forward the working sheet directly to all the CPPCs of the respective banks by email so as to enable them to take up the payment without any further delay.
Click the following link. You will be taken to Exwel Trust website. Follow the instructions given in a posting dated 12.3.2016.
Defence Pension
Family Pension Arrears
OROP arrears for pensioners
OROP for family pensioners
OROP with disability.
Now click only the OROP arrears for pensioners and filled up all the details. Do not try “Defence Pension” Tab and “Family Pension Arrears Tab” for the time being. At the end you will get Print PDF button. Click and take a print out if you want, and save it in your computer.
Now come back to the original blog, click the link for getting email ids of all the banks. Search your bank’s CPPCs email address and forward the OROP arrears print out as an attachment to your bank.
This is our humble effort to make the banks to take up the payment at an early date. All the readers of this Blog, please forward and give us feedback. We welcome your comments on our efforts. Officers OROP arrears are not covered under this system. A separate software is being developed for Officers. We will inform as soon as it is ready.
Source:O'Qu'Quigley surname in our family history documents is from 1654, and we currently have 236 records where O'Quigley appears. Here are a few more facts to get you started…
O'Quigleys had very few recorded occupations in the 1901 Census.
O'Quigleys had very few recorded places of residence in the 1901 Census.
It seems all O'Quigleys were law-abiding. We found no criminal records.
No O'Quigleys were recorded as serving in the First World War in Findmypast's records.
Become one of the millions of users who are building their family tree with us. Create yours today for free.IN FRATERNAM MEAM
Friday, December 29, 2006
15 WHO HAD THEIR 15 MINUTES OF FAME
1. WARREN JEFFS
The polygamist sect leader was arrested for arranging child-bride marriages. In America, In 2006.
2. HEATHER MILLS MCCARTNEY
Her split with Paul was the biggest Brit schism since 1776. And less amicable.
3. GREG ANDERSON
Barry Bond's personal trainer waits out the steroids scandal in jail. Guess his career will take a hit.
4. CARLA MARTIN
She may have coached witnesses in the Zacarias Moussaoul case, putting the error in terro trial.
5. ZINEDINE ZIDANE
The soccer star head butted another player at the World Cup, giving French fans a headache.
6. SARA EVANS
The Tom DeLay - endorsed country singer was forced by flash divorce to waltz off
Dancing With The Stars.
7. CHEF
South Park
voice actor Isaac Hayes objected to Scientology jokes, and his character got cooked. Wait, Sout Park is offensive?
8. HARRY WHITTINGTON
After the Veep accidentally shot him, Dick C Cheney's hunting buddy was big game .... for comedians.
9. YOHANE BANDA
A famous pop singer named after Jesus' mom adopted his kid in Malawi. Does that make him Joseph?
10. SURI CRUISE
Some people send out birth announcements. Hers was on the cover of
Vanity Fair
.
11. NATASHA KAMPUSCH
Austrian kidnap victim escaped after eight years in a tiny room. Maybe we should stash Warren Jeffs in there.
12. JOHN MARK KARR
Perhaps because people had (finally) moved on, he falsely confessed to murdering JonBenet' Ramsey.
13. PATRICIA DUNN
She allegedly spied on her Hewlett-Packard board and now faces felony charges. At least her printer worked.
14. JAMES FREY
His best selling rehab memoir,
A MIllion Little Pieces,
was exposed as lotsa little lies. Oprah not pleased.
15. KAAVYA VISWANATHAN
The Harvard-undergrad author was caught plagiarizing. Luckily for her, she'd never made it onto Oprah.
(Source: TIMEMAG/PEOPLE by Rebecca Wintes Keegan)
posted by infraternam meam @
12:25 AM
Wednesday, December 27, 2006
10 BEST TV SHOWS FOR 2006
1. THE WIRE (HBO)
THIS SPRAWLING SOCIAL DRAMA
has dozens of characters and, really, only one - Baltimore, Md. The fourth, finest and most heartbreaking season focused on four inner-city schoolboys, serenaded by the drug trade, failed by every institution meant to protect them and facing choices that will make or doom them for life. Meanwhile, it expanded on the show's novelist tapestry of cops, politicos, junkies, bureaucrats, ministers and hustlers. No other TV show has ever loved a city so well, damned it so passionately or sung it so searingly.
2. THE OFFICE (NBC) does'nt work wit an Angela,a Kevin or a Stanley?) And teh wistful Pam-and-Jim almost-romance - all together now; Awwww! - threatens to give the Sam-and-Diane saga a run for its long uncomsummated money.
3. FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS (NBC)
CALL IT AN UNDERDOG, A DARK HORSE,
a seventh-round draft pick- just don't ignore the fall's best new series (based on the book and movie) any longer. This high school football drama is a mvoing, warts-and-all portrait of life in hard-up Dillon, Texas, nailing the fine points of small-town politics and faith that TV too often romanticizes or ignores. It's a poignant picture of what a championship team means to a twon that can't afford to wait till next year.
4. LOST (ABC)
TV'S MOST PHILOSPHICAL ENTERTAINMENT
or most entertaining work of philosophy- piled on plot curlicues like the topping on an oversize novelty sundae. Maddening as its mystery could be (O.K., so the smoke monster was set up by the Others who live by the four-toed statue and-hang on, let megrab a pencil...), great writing, tantalizing details and ever richer characters made it a years worth getting more deeply entangled in.
5. DEADWOOD (HBO)
THE ONLY THING WILDER THAN THE WILD WEST,
it turns out, was the appetitie of civilized capitalism. General McRaney was a captivating villain as George Hearst, the mining magnate and misanthrope who brutally assimilated the gold-ruch camp in this expertly written work of sagebrush Shakespeare. (No other TV show is so wonderful just to listen to, swear words and all.) Bakcstage dealings hae apparently denied the series a fourth season - an epilogue has been promised - but it rode into the sunset memorably.
6. BIG LOVE (HBO)
COME FOR THE POLYGAMIES, STAY FOR THE
thespians! The story of a Salt Lake City, Utah, man (bill Paxton) and his mutiple wives was a surprisingly symphatheticELSTAR GALACTICA (SCIFI)
A HIGH MINDED WAR TURNS INTO A BRUTAL
quagmire. Terrorist sleepers turns.
8. HEROES (NBC)
NO CAPES, NO MASKS, NO PROBLEM.
The live action comic book about ordinary folks discovering extraordinary powers transcended geek appeak wit a crisp, focused plot to Masi Oka, who, as time-traveling cubicle jockey Hiro, stood in for every kid (and grownups)who has ever wished he could close his eye, squint really hard and save the world.
9. DEXTER (SHOWTIME)
JUSTICE IS MURDER FOR DEXTER MORGAN
(Michael C. Hall), a part time sleuth and oh, yeah - serial killer who leanred young to put his deadly urges to productive use by slaughtering only bad guys. Hall's composed, self-aware performance is flatout stunning, and so is the treatment of this psychoprocedural's central idea: Is it a man thoughts or his actions that make him good or evil?
10. BLEAK HOUSE (PBS)
CHARLES DICKENS' GREATEST NOVEL YIELDED
Masterpiece Theatre.
(Source:TIMEMAG By: James Ponlewozik)
posted by infraternam meam @
8:55 PM
Tuesday, December 26, 2006
10 BEST BOOKS FOR 2006
1). ALISON BECHDEL,
"FUN HOME"
THE UNLIKELY LITERARY SUCCESS
of 2006 is a stunning memoir about a girl growing up in a small town with her cryptic, perfectionist dad and slowly realizing that
a.) she is gay.
2).
LAWRENCE WRIGHT
,
"THE LOOMING TOWER: AL-QAEDA AND THE
ROAD TO 9/11"
IN THIS COMPULSVIELY READABLE,
deeply unnerving book, Wright traces the rise of Islamic terrorism form the Egyptian polemicist Sayyid Qutb to the spread of the Muslim Brotherhood to Osama bin Laden. Enter John O'Neill, the FBI counterterrorism chief who connected the dots of al-Qaeda's plot and tried in vain to warn his bosses right up to the day he died - Sept. 11,2001.
3). CORMAC MACARTHY,
"
A SAD MAN AND HIS YOUNG SON
"
A SAD MAN AND HIS YOUNG SON
trudges across the burnt landscape of a world that has committed suicide in some catastrophe. This could be Mad Max, or it could be Samuel Beckett; it's certainly as thrilling as the one and as emotionally costly as the other. Just keep telling yourself. It's only a novel, it's only a novel....
4). BILL BUFORD,
"HEAT"
IN A MOMENT OF MIDLIFE RECKLESSNESS
, Buford, a journalist with no culinary training, became a kitchen slave - his words - to Mario Batali. It takes a big talent to render in words the animal, essentially anti-verbal experience of eating. It takes a big man to describe the hilarious humiliation to which an apprentice chef is subjected. Buford is both. He's also lucky; the brilliant, insatiable, demonic Batali is the kind of character writers sell their souls for.
5). THOMAS E. RICKS,
"FIASCO: THE AMERICAN MILITARY
ADVENTURE IN IRAQ"
THE TITLE SAYS IT ALL.
This is a complete account o the arrogance and fecklessness of the Bush Administration during the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq and to the predictable disaster that followed. Ricks gets his most damning recollections from the military officers whose warnings that Iraq brushed aside by civilian bosses. Depressing reading, and essential.
6). RICHARD FORD,
"THE LAY OF THE LAND"
IN FORD'S THIRD FRANK BASCOMBE
novel, real estate prices are good, but much else is not. Now 55, Bascombe is prosperous but wary, licking his wounds after two failed marriages and weathering the indignities of prostate cancer. Luckily, though, his lyrical take on mundane life, his steady-state exasperation and his peerless b.s. detector are all in good working order.
7). GARY SHTEYNGART
, "
ABSURDISTAN
"
TOO MANY NOVELS FEEL TIDY
, as if the world were neatly divisibke into East and West, good and bad.
Adburdistan
is not tidy, nor is its hero, grotesquely obese Misha Vainberg, a rich young Russian obsessed with New York City. Misha is trapped (for legal reasons) in his homeland, and his longing - lus vodka - powers this endlessly inventive, logubriously funny post-Soviet picaresque.
8). HAMPTON SIDES,
"BLOOD AND THUNDER:AN EPIC OF THE AMERICAN WEST"
WITH THE FUR TRAPPER AND WILDERNESS
scout Kit Carson as his focus, Sides has constructed a heartbreaking history of three cultures in the Southwest - American Indians, Mexicans and Americans - during and after the Mexican-American war, an age of bloody confrontations in which the Navajo would be all but swept away.
9). DAVID MITCHELL,
"
BLACK SWAN GREEN"
MITCHELL'S LAST NOVEL
,
CLOUD ATLAS
, skipped from the 19th century to the far future. This time he contents himself with one year - 1982 - in the life of a boy - dreamy, stammering Jason Taylor - in one English town. But everything's still there: this funny, close-focus coming-of-age story is also a huge, swirling novel of power, death and love.
10). DAVE EGGERS,
"
WHAT IS THE WHAT"
WHEN VALENTINO WAS YOUNG,
soldiers burned his village in Sudan.Parentless, he walked hundreds of miles in search of safety. When he came to America as a young man, his problems started again. Don't read this novel - which is closely based on his life - for any reason other than it's a great document of hope, despair and the will to keep walking.
(SOURCE:TIMEMAG by: Lev Grossman and Richard Lacayo)
posted by infraternam meam @
10:21 PM
Monday, December 25, 2006
10 BEST MOVIES FOR 2006 Nonomiya) who is clumsily, almost comically, determined to live. The dialogue is in Japanese, but the account of war madness - intense and compassionate carries and universal and heart breaking message.
2. BORAT: CULTURAL LEARNING OF AMERICA FOR MAKE BENEFIT GLORIOUS NATION OF KAZAKHSTAN.
NOT SINCE DE TOCQUEVILLE,
perhaps,, burtful comedy - the gut-bustingly funniest since the South Park movie - is also one of the year's most revealing doc(not just mock)umentaries.
3. THE DEPARTED
THE COPS PUT AN UNDERCOVER
man in the gang, hte seegin it as this major 9/11 film - a meticulous reimagining of the hijacking of one of the planes and the passengers heroic improvisations to stop it. Paul Greengrass's grueling, ultimately inspiring drama is hard to watch but impressive terro.
7. THE GOOD SHEPHERD
MAYBE, AS THE FAMOUS
WINFFENPOOF SONG
would have it, the sons of Wasp privilege are just lost little lambs. But since some of them spent their post graduate years founding the CIA, Robert De Niro's finely tuned film wonders if their arrogant sense of entitlement subverted this nation's best, most idelatistic impulses. Good question, good movie; very dark, very well written and acted - and very, very worrying.
8. CARS
PIXAR'S LATEST IS AMONG THE
computer-animation studios' best: the story of a full-of-itself race car (voiced by Owen Wilson) forced to set down roots in a run-down eccentrics like the rube tow truck Mater (Larry the Cable Guy). Not to stomp on Happy Feet or anything, but director John Lasseter, who virtually invented CGI movie with, smartly rev ups the fun in this, the most stylish car-toon ever.
9. DISTRICT 813
IN THE VERY NEAR FUTURE, THE FRENCH
have cordoned off their housing projects, sties of immigrant crime and anger. They're even contemplating a nuclear final solution to their problem. That's the pretext director Pierre Morel uses to reinvent the action film with gracefully soaring chases and grittily imaginative confrontations - no CGI, very little wire work, just a subtle, clever use of off-speed cameras and canny editing. The result is a movie that makes all its American competitors look klutzy and flat-footed. Maybe it isn't exactly art, but it sure is kninesthetically dazzling.
10. CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER
THE EMPRESS (GONG LI) IS GANOODLING
with her stepson, the Emperor (Chow Yun Fat) is trying to poison the Empress, and the whole royal house seems less later Tang Dynasty than Aaron Spelling's Dynasty. These gorgeous surprise from China's Zhang Yimou (Hero) looks like a martial-arts movie but plays like delirious melodrama. Thefearless, peerless turns from Chow and Gong Li demonstrate how the fiercest swordplay can come from two charistmatic stars staring daggers at each other.
(Source: TIMEMAG by: Richard Corliss and Richard Schickel)
posted by infraternam meam @
11:11 PM
Sunday, December 24, 2006
HAPPY HOLIDAYS
MERRY CHRISTMAS
MALIGAYANG PASKO
MERI KURISUMASU
FELIZ NAVIDAD
JOYEUX NOEL
BUON NATALE
FELICES PASCUA
....
my personal Prayer for the world
Oh Great Architect of the Universe,
Into your great hands and compassion
you have created this world.
Grant that this world that we live in,
could still be blessed, and the people living
on it - will have Peace, Love and Harmony.
Give Strength, Courage and Understanding
to all the leaders of the countries and nations,
so that they could fulfill their duties while in office
with due respect to their people and the world around them.
Make them see thru their office, that there is always
Peace and Love and Understanding -- if they so do it and practices it.
Look upon those, who have nothing and still struggling,
because of poversty, political unrest, instability, sickness and
most of all, those whose only aspirations in life is to survive
and live day by day, even in the poorest and most unstable conditions.
Share all the message of Hope and Love to all, no matter
what their race, color and creed be.
And most of all dear Lord -
shower with Love those who have been held captive
in places that not by their own doing, but by politics
and power struggle.
Envelope this world with your Wisdom and Power to Understand
so that there will always be PEACE ON THIS EARTH!
AMEN
posted by infraternam meam @
7:44 AM
Saturday, December 23, 2006
CHRISTMAS AROUND THE WORLD
THE PHILIPPINES
How the Filipinos Observe Christmas
IN THE PHILIPPINES
, Christmas is a seaon in the real meaning of the world. For twenty-two long, lively days, December 16 to January 6, the devout Filipinos express the spirit of Christmas with a series of Masses, pageants and festivals to the background of unedning music by carolers and brass bands.
Celebrations begin at dawn on December 16, when twonspeople are awakend by the pealing of church bells, hearlding the first of a novena of dawn
Misa de Gallo
(since the mass presumably starts at the first cock's crow.)
Following the service, streets begin to show signs of festivity. People bundled in warm coats pour from the church, stopping at nearby stalls for tea and warm
bibingka
(rice cakes). They talk with friends, walk leisurely home, or join a group of wandering carolers.
At night, star lanterns and strings of multicilored lights shine over windows and doorways. Lights are everywhere, illuminating the town plaza, public buildings and trees. On Christmas eve, in the town of San Fernando in Pampanga, forty-four miles from Manila, lavishly decorated star lanterns, measuring fifteen to thrity feet, are paraded in a contest to find the most elegant, gigantic, and colorful lantern in the land.
CHRISTMAS IN FINLAND
IN THE FINNISH HOME
the Christmas tree is set up on Christmas Eve. Apples and other fruits, candles, paper flags, cotton and tinsel are used as decorations, and candles are used for lighting it.
The Christmas festivites are usually preceeded by a visit to the famous steam baths, after which everyone dresses in clean clothes in preparation for the Christmas dinner, which is generally served from five to seven in the evening.
Christmas gifts may be given out before or after the dinner. The children do not hang stockings, but Santa Claus comes in person, often accompanied by as many as half a dozen Christmas elves ( in brown costumes, knee-length pants, red stockings, and red elves caps) to distribute are roast suckling pig or roasted fresh ham, mashed potatoes, and vegetables.
After dinner the children go to bed, their elders staying
".
AUSTRIA
CHRISTMAS IN AUSTRIA
is the time of the year when family members get together for hours of quiet and thoughtful celebration. The Christmas tree plays a most important part. Every town sets up its own huge tree on the main square and frequently there will be an extra one, adorned with bread crumbs for the birds. In families, it is usually the father of the house who selects the tree and decorates it with gold and silver or sometimes golored balls, tinsel, sweets and candy wrapped in tin foil, gilded nuts, etc. Electric Christmas lights are not too popular throughout Austria and in most homes candles are used. Candles are also places in windows as a symbolic Christmas greetings to those absent from home and in commemoration of deceased family members.
On Christmas Eve, all the shops close at 6PM. There are no movie or theater performances and no concerts. Bars, restaurants, night clubs are likewise closed and traffice is almost nonexistent. Around 7PM on Christmas Eve (December 24), the tree is lighted for the first time and the whole family gathers to sing Christmas carols. "Silent Night, Holy Night", written on December 24, 1818, by Josef Mohr in the Austrian village of Obendorf, is still the favorite Christmas carol. Presents are place unwrapped under the tree and young children believe that they were brought to them - as fo good behavior - by Knecht Ruprecht or by the Christ-child.
CHRISTMAS IN BOLIVIA
PREPARATION FOR THE BIRTH
of the Christ-child begins on December 1. Children gather flowers, particularly the
pastora
, the natinal flower and much like a poinsettia, in the mountain valleys, to decorate the Nativity Scenes in the home and church. In the churches, gold and silver figurines are used for the Nativity scenes. On December 24, peopl attend a midnight Mass or pray to their homes and place gifts about thier sleeping children. In the towns and cities, Christmas celebrations last until January 6. The working classes participate less in these celebrations.
The natives of Bolivia (50 percent of the population) celebrate Christmas more as a harvest festival. Thnaks are given for completion of the year's work. Labor leaders given.
BRAZIL
IN BRAZIL SANTA CLAUS IS LITTLE KNOWN
,and those who do know of the jolly fellow call him
Papa Noel
. He enters through the window on Christmas Eve, as many of the house have no chimneys in the warm climate.
An old legend says that the animals have the power of speech on Christmas night. The children are told that the crow crows in a loud voice at the stroke of twelve, "
Christo nasceu
" (Christ is born). The bull in a deep voice inquires "
Onde?"
(where), and the sheep answer in chorus, "
Em Belen de Juda
" ( In Bethlehem of Judea).
The children have no Christmas trees, but they do have
creche or presepio,
representing the Christ child's birth. It is commonly found in private homes as weel as in public hospitals, and it is left standing until Epiphany. Gifts and toys are exchanged during the holidays, after which the
"presepio
" is put away untlk the following christmas.
Many Christmas activities in Brazil are much like those in the United States. Store windows have been full of decorations; Santa Claus, called
Papa Noel,
visits little children. Many Christmas trees, both artificial and real, are found in the homes and churches. Churches hold pageants and candlelight services. The poor are cared for by churches and clubs. Colored lights are found in the city streets, maybe in the towns of the interior - only the city sqaure will have colored lights. In all of this acitivity the Protestant church is busy giving out literature, holding programs, and preaching the Christmas message. Each Protestant church actually takes care of her poor and many others.
(Source: Celebrating Christmas Around the World by: Herbert H. Warwick)
posted by infraternam meam @
12:55 AM
Thursday, December 21, 2006
CHRISTMAS CAROLS, OLD AND NEW
THE SINGING OF CAROLS IS THE OLDEST OF OUR CHRISTMAS CUSTOMS. IT WAS IN NO WAY "INVENTED" IN THE YEARS 1823 TO 1848, BUT IN THOSE SAME YEARS, THE ANCIENT TRADITION OF CAROLS WAS REVITALIZED AFTER NEARLY TWO CENTURIES OF SEMIDORMANCY. OLD TIME CAROLS WERE COLLECTED, TRANSLATED, ARRANGED, AND PUBLISHED, AND NEW CAROLS WERE COMPOSED
.
In 1822, the year Clement Clarke Moore wrote "
A Visit from St. Nicholas
", a small collection was published:
Some Ancient Carols, With The Times to Which They Were Formerly Sung in the West of England.
The collector, Davies Gilbert, wrote wistfully in the preface:
"
The Editor is desirous of preserving the following Carols or Christmas Songs....."
In 1833, a major collection of more than two hundred carols was published:
Christmas Carols, Ancient and Modern.
The collector, William Sandy's wrote a long introduction giving the history of the Christmas festival and Christmas carols. The revival of the carol was in full swing.
What is a Christmas carol?
This is not as silly a question as it may seem. Singing at festivals is as old a custom as festivals themselves. The ancient Egyptian and the Druids used music in their sacred rites, as did the Greeks and the Romans. We know from St. Paul and St. James that the earliest Christians sang psalms and hymns during their festivals and the vigils of their saints. Pliny the Younger, in a letter to Trajan in A.D. 107, wrote that the Christians "
were wont to meet together on a stated day, before it was light, and sing among themselves alternately a hymn to Christ as to God".
After the church has decreed that December 25 was to be observed as the Day of Christ's Birth, the bishops were reported to have sung hymns on Christmas Day among their clergy. But were these religious songs "
carols
"? Skipping ahed some 1600 years to today, we sing ditties such as "
Jungle Bells
" and "
White
Christmas
". But are these "
carols
"?
The term "
Carol
" originally signified songs intermingled with dancing. As time went along, it was applied to festive songs in general. And since Christmas is the most festive period in the Christian year, carols came to be thought of almost exclusively as Christmas carols.
Christmas songs have been so many and so varied that perhaps we sould settle on this definition of a crol:
any song that celebrates any aspect of the Christmas season
.
For a thousand years, Christmas hymns were written by the clergy in the Lation of the Church of Rome and the Greek of the Eastern Orthodox Chrurch. By the 13th century and 14th centuries, Christmas songs began to appear in the languages of the people, both on the Continent and in England. They were still maily written by clerics, who hoped to bring the meangin of Christmas closer to the people through this music.
During the period, the miracles and mystery plays also served to popularize religion, and carols were used in these plays. Soon, the royal courts became another weelspring of carols. Many of the kings, lovers of pageantry, fostered the creation and singing of carols. Henvry VIII was himself a particularly talented musician and versifier.
The 15 and 16th centuries were the golden age of the Christmas carols. Carols were central in celebration of the season, much more so than today. Secular carols featuring Christmas revelry and mirth were added to the religious and put the secular use. In Shakespear's time, waits (samll groups of singers and musicians) roamed the streets at night performing for small gifts of money. Many carols of the period are still popular today:
"I Saw Three Ships:, "Deck the Halls with Boughs of Holly," "The First Noel" and "God Rest You Merry, Gentlemen".
During the Reformation, the Puritans tried to put a stop to the singing of all but the most pious hymns as part of their efforts to stop Christmas althogether. They were not successful, but the carol custom did nto go into decline for two centuries, along with Christmas festivities in general. However, in the 17th and 18th centries, a few great carols appeared, such as
"Hark! The Herald Angles Sing", "O Come All Ye Faithful", "Joy To The World!", (lyrics only), and "The Twelve Days Of Christmas".
In 1818, "
Silent Night
" was created under the most cicumstances.
Place:
St. Nicholas Church in Oberndorf, Upper Austria.
Time:
The day before Christmas.
Problem:
The organ had become rusted and wouldn't play. No music for the Christmas Eve service!
Solution:
The assistant priest, Father Joseph Mohr, jotted down a six-stanza poem that began, "
Stille Nacht, Heilige Nacht
" and took it to the local teacher, Franz Gruber, who doubled as organist. Gruber composed a simple tune. At the service, they sang it together, Gruber accompanying on the guitar.
Thus was born one of the world's most popular Christmas carols.
(Source: INVENTING CHRISTMAS How Our Holiday Came To Be by: Jock Elliott)
posted by infraternam meam @
10:21 AM
INVENTION OF CHRISTMAS CARD
WHILE GERMANY CAN CALIM CREDIT FOR THE FIRST CHRISTMAS TREE, THE PRIZE FOR THE FIRST CHRISTMAS CARD GOES TO ENGLAND.
There were many forerunners of the type of card we know today. At the year's end, thge ancinet Egyptians' gave each other small,symbolic presents as tokens of good luck for the coming year; New Year messages attached to gifts have been found in Egyptian tombs of the 6th century B.C. The Romans also exchanged gifts, considered good omens, on the first day of January.
For example, a pot of honey expressed wish that the coming year would be a sweet one.
"
Lucky pennies
" of copper with the two faced head of Janus (indicating the past and the future) were customary New Year's giftsa. Roman lamps, decorated with winged figure of Victory, carried the inscription,
"May the New Year be happy and lucky for you."
Many centuries later, the invention of printing and engraving made possible a wider dissemination of such sentiments. "
Cards
" snd broadsides were limited to wishes for the New Year, but they often depicted Christ and so began to connect the Christmas and New Years festivals.
By the 19th century, "
all-purpose
" cards were being printed, on which the sender could fill in the name of the recipient, the occasion (birthday, Valentine, Christmas, Easter, etc.), a short greeting, and signature.
Then an energetic Englishman named Hery Cole got an idea. Later, Cole was to be involved in the founding of teh Victoria $ Albert Museum, the penny post, perforated postage stamps, and postcards. In 1843, he commissioned artist John Calcott Horsley to design the first Christmas card.
The card is in the form of a triptych. The center panel depicts a family party in which the adults are toasting the addressee with full glases of wine. (This occasioned criticism from the temperance folk who worried about encouraging drunkenness). The side panels represent the spirit of Christmas charity - on one the poor are being fed, and on the other given a warm clothing.
At the top of the card, there is a dotted line for the name of the addressee, and at the bottom another one for the sender's signature. Also at bottom:
"Published at Felix Summerly's Home Treasury Office, 12 Old Bond street, London, by Joseph Cundall".
The card's mesage - "
A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
" in my opinion, had never been improved upon.
One thousand of these cards were printed and hand-colored by a professional "hand colorer" name Mason and sold forone shilling each, which was expensive for those days. Twenty-one of these cards are known to exist today.
For many years - until the 1950s, in fact - it was believed that the Cole/Hosley card was printed in 1846, Cole referred to that date in two memoirs written long afterward, but his memory was at fault. The matter was settled when three of the original cards, signed by the artist and dated 1843, came to light.
The first card hardly took the world by storm; the second was not designed until five years later, in 1848, by W.M. Egley, a few charming cards of quite different appearance were printed in England, but it wasn't until the 1890s, after the development of color printing had made the cards less expensive, that the custom of sending Christmas cards really took off.
Jonathan King was the leading authority on Christmas cards in Victorian times. In 1894, his collection of cards weighed between six and seven tons and numbered more than 163,000 varieties. And the collection was far from complete.
In the United States, the custom was slower to catch on. Louis Prang was the "
father of the American Christmas card."
Prang was a German immigrant who founded a small business in Roxbury, near Boston, Massachusetts, in 1866. He perfected the lithopgraphic process of multi-color printing. In 1874, he began printing Christmas cards in at least eight colors and sometimes as many as twenty. The cards were more expensive than the European cards but also more exquisite. They also tended to be more Christmasy, with images such as the Nativity and children playing with toys.
Today, almost two and half billion Christmas cards are printed each year in the United States alone. Seasonal greetings are an age-old custom, and a lovely, warming one.
(Source: INVENTING CHRISTMAS How Our Holiday Came To Be by: Jock Elliott)
posted by infraternam meam @
1:01 AM
Tuesday, December 19, 2006
THE FIRST CHRISTMAS TREE
GERMANY WAS THE HOME OF CHRISTMAS TREE.
Because of those Germanic roots, many people think that the customs of Christmas trees was introduced into America, in the 18th century, by German immigrants to Pennsylvania and, a little later, by the Hessian troops of George III. Many people think that Prince Albert, Queen Vicoria's consot, introduce the Christmas tree into England from his German homeland. In both cases, the story is not quite right.
The Christmas tree is the very emblem of Christmas today. Its roots run deep, to pagan times when evergreens were first used to decorate homes and places of worship in mid-winter. Soemthing rather like a Christmas tree first appeared in the medieval peiod. The miracle, or mystery, plays of the time taught the people about religion. One of the plays, about Adam and Eve, had as a prop a fir tree hung with apples symbolizing the Garden of Eden. The tree, being ever green,symbolizing immortality, and the apples represented Adams' fall.
The people of Europe were fascinated by these trees, and look to setting up their own version in their homes, Wafers were added to the hangings, and then cookies of various shapes. These were hardly Christmas trees; theyhad nothing to do with Christmas story and lacked lights, which true Christmas trees have. They were but a hint ot things to come.
Still later, a curious tripod device called a "
pyramid
" became popular. The pyramid, a forerunner of the Christmas tree, was a wooden structure, five or so feet hight. It held candles, local fruits and vegetables and other decorations, some of which were religious in nature. The pyramids came to be used side by side with Christmas trees, and still are in some places today.
A beloved legend has come down to us about the first lighted Christmas tree.
Martin Luther was out walking one cold Christmas Eve, under a crystal-clear sky brightened by thousands of stars. The frosty trees glistened. He returned home and set up a small evergreen, which he lighted with candles to impress on his children that Christ was the Light of the World, who had lighted the sky so gloriously that Christmas Eve.
That may have neen the first Christmas tree, the famed reformer never recorded. Wouldn't it be ironic if Luther, the famed reformer who denounced Christmas, in fact created the first Christmas tree?
The first detailed account of an actual Christmas tree reads:
"At Christmas fir trees are set up in the rooms at Strasbourg and hung with roses cut from aper of many colors, apples, wafers, spanglegold, sugar, etc. It is customary to surround it with a square frame... and in front ..."
The rest has been lost, so we donot know whether or not these trees were lighted with candles. It is generally accepted that Christmas trees began as a local custom in teh Alsatian capital of Strasbourg, perhaps as early as the beginning of the 17th century.
The custome was slow to spread, possible because it began as a Lutheran practice and was not readily accepted in Catholic areas of Germany. By the mid-18th century, it had become well established in certain parts of the country. In 1758, a regulation forbade the taking of small evergreens from the forest of Salzburg (taken for Christmas trees, surely). However, surprisingly, it was not until the 1830s that Christmas trees became a national custom in Germany! They were introduced into Munich, only in 1830, by the Queen of Bavaria.
When did the Christmas tree take root in the United States? It is highly likely that the occasional Christmas tree appeared in German settlers' homes in Pennsylvania in the 18th century, but it was no more a custom here than it was in Germany at the time.
Christmas tree finally came into its own in America through the written word. People leanred about -- and were entranced by -- Christmas trees by reading about them rather than actually seeing them. Since the upper middle class did more reading than the rank and file, the custom began with the elite, but soon trickled down. In
The Battle for Christmas,
Stephen Nissenbaum devotes much of a forty-page chapter to this subject.
The first Christmas tree in an American book appeared in
The Stranger's Gift: A Christmas and New Year's Present (1896)
By the 1840s there were other pictures of Christmas trees, but one picture in particular finally created a passion for Christmas trees.
In England, as in the United States, some German immigrants probably imported their Christmas tree ritual in the early 1800s or perhaps earlier. We know that the royal family, with its German background, enjoyed its tree. Queen Charlotte, wife of George III, loved Christmas and lover her tree.
A few years after Charlottes' death, her great niece Princess Victoria was familiar with the royal Christmas tree, as she wrote in her teenage diary on December 24,1832.
The British people had little interest in Christmas trees, whcih they viewed as a Teutonic novelty. In 1840, when Victoria married Prince Albert, a German, they were not very enthusiastic about him either. But in due course, Victoria and Albert gave them a son, a new Prince of Wales, and the people got used to the family.
Then came the Big Year for the Christmas tree - 1848. A full page illustration of the royal family around their tree at Windsor Castle appeared in the London Illustrated News. This picture of family togetherness, tranquility, and happiness captured the imagination of the people. It was accompanied by a detailed description of the tree; about eight feet high a=with six tiers of branches, each with a dozen wax tapers ... the decorations, most of which were edible, with an angel at the top ... the arrangement of the presents, each with the recipients name attached ... when the tree was set up (Christmas Eve) and taken down (Twelfth Night), and son on.
Two years later, an identical illustration appeared in the United States, in
Godey's Lady's Book
. Victoria's coronet had been removed, along with Albert's mustache, sash, and royal insignia. Americans were captivated by what they took to be a typical "American" scene. Thus the passion for Christmas trees caught fire 150 years ago and burns unabated today.
(Source: Abstracted from the book:INVENTING CHRISTMAS How Our Holiday Came To Be by: Jock Elliott)
posted by infraternam meam @
9:31 PM AM
Sunday, December 17, 2006
NEXT YEAR'S DIET BOOKS
Low carb. High fiber, No sugar. Reduced fat. Points. Exchanges. "
Everything that you can think of has been done,"
says Marion Nestle, a nutrition professor at New Yor University and the author of
What to Eat
.
"It's hard to think of some new gimmick in dieting",
Have no fear. Each year as the New Year's resolution season draws near, the publishing industry dreams up novel weigh-loss schemes to entice the ever plumper U.S. population, nearly two-thirds of which is overweight. The new crop of diet books recommends everything from treating meals as mood medicine to eating dinner for breakfast. Here's a sample.
THE BEST LIFE DIET
by:
Bob Greene
The author is Oprah's personal trainer and diet adviser. Guess whose book will be no.1 five minutes after it comes out? Luckily, Greene's diet advice is wise; fruits and vegetables, whole grains and lots of exercise. If Oprah can do it, so can you.
THE GOLD COAST CURE'S FITTER FIRMER FASTER PROGRAM
By:
Andrew and Ivy Larson
Take out your bikini! This husband-and-wife team advises avoiding
"fake and fattening foods"
and sticking with unrefined whole foods, such as fruits and vegetables. Oh, and exercise. (Do we detect a common theme here?)
THE SKINNY
By:
Melissa Clark and Robin Aronson
Ever wondered how that lithe youg woman at the office eats those luscious foods and never gains any weight? This book reveals her secrets. She exercises, she's picky, and she eats exactly what she wants - in "smallish" quantities. Best tip: when you sit down to eat, always include fruit or vegetables.
THE GOOD MOOD DIET
By:
Susan Kleiner
The author promises you'll feel terrific while you lose weight by eating "feel-great foods". Alas, that doesn't mean Ben & Jerry's. She's talking, baturally, about fruits, vegetables and other helathy, filling diet fare.
THE REVERSE DIET
By:
Tricia Cunningham and Heidi Skolnik
The "reverse" at the heart of this diet is the adage
"Eat like a king for breakfast, a prince for lunch and a pauper for dinner"
Your big meal in the morning "
will boost your energy throrghout the day
", the authors promise. That way, you'll be sated by nightfall and less likely to surf the fridge just before bedtime. Choose healthy foods like whole grains and lean protein. It's not necessary to break your fast with a sirloin steak, but neither is it against the rules.
(Source: Abstracted fromTIMEMAG/YOURTIME by: Andrea Sachs)
posted by infraternam meam @
7:05 PM
Saturday, December 16, 2006
FUNCTIONAL FUNGI
Mushrooms emerge from dark with disease-fighting benefits.
MUSHROOMS, ONCE RELEGATED
to the supporting cast in a salad or on pizza, have become culinary stars, from grilled portobello "steaks" to porcini-laden pastas and warm rugouts spiked with morels and chanterellas.
"
Mycophiles
" (mushroom lovers) may have even more reasons to celebrate. Although mushrooms once were thought to be nutritional nothings, scientists are unearthing a variety of health benefits. Emerging research suggest they may enhance our immune system, fight infections and even offer protection against diabetes, heart disease and certain cancers.
Recent studies show mushrooms are packed with antioxidants - even more than many deeply hued vegetables, such as carrots and tomatoes. Antioxidants act as repellants against free radicals, damaging molecules in ur body that are thought to promote cancer and other diseases.
Medicinal mushrooms
Asian cultures have revered mushrooms as both food and medicine for thousands of years. Only recently have scientists in this country turned their attention to these fragrant, woodsy fungi.
Many of medical qualities of mushrooms are traced to beta glucans, the same types of fiber that gives oatmea its cholesterol lowering abilities. Icreasingly, beta glucans in mushrooms are garnering attention for stimulating immune responses and activating cells that attack cancer, according to Dr. Harry Preus, a physiology professor at Gerogetown University Medical Center, who is conducting a study exploring the anti-diabetic effectrs of maitake mushrooms.
Many of the recent studies have been funded by the mushroom industry, although now the government has set its sights on mushrooms. So far, most of the findings have been based on animal or test tube studies and have used extracts from mushrooms - which makes the results promising, yet still preliminary.
A separate kingdom
Often thought of as a vegetable, mushrooms are fungi - in a class of their own, somewhere mysteriously between a plant and an animal. To obtain nutrients, fungi are totally dependent on their environment - most often a dead tree or rotting log (or typically compost for cultivated mushrooms). Researchers have found that changes to the compst or soil can alter the nutrient content of mushrooms, creating opportunities to enrich mushrooms with calcium, selenium and other nutrients.
Experts believe the survival skills of fungi maybe a clue to the bundle of benefits locked inside. Mushrooms contain enzymes, antimicrobial compounds and natural antibiotics to fight off potential invaders and to keep them from rotting.
This may be why mushrooms offer similar protection to us when we eat them, said Stamets, who completed another NIH study that tested the potential of mushroom extracts to protect against smallpox and otehr viruses.
It's a concept not too farfetched, considering that the lifesaving antibiotic penicillin was derived from a fungus.
The Mushroom Files
Natually low in calories and fat, mushrooms are also high in many vitamins and minerals. These types are considered a "good" or "excellent" source of the nutrients listed, providing at least 10 percent of the recommended Daily Value per serving.
Mushroom type
:
CREMINI
Baby portobellos similar in appearance to button mushrooms except brown instead of white. Have an eathier flavor and firmer texture.
Nutrients
: selenium 31%, riboflavin 24%, copper 20%, niacin 16%, panthotenic acid 13%, potassium 11% and phosphorous 10%.
Mushroom type
:
ENOKI
Originally from Japan, these dainty Q-tip shaped mushrooms are good as a crunchy garnish for soups, sandwiches, salads or stirfries.
Nutrients
: niacin 25%, folate 11%.
Mushroom Type
:
MAITAKE
Also known as hen of the woods because they resemble the fluffled tail feathers of a nesting hen. Excellent sauteed or grilled, simmered in soups or added to pasta.
Nutrients
: niacin 28%, riboflavin 12%, copper 10%.
Mushroom Type
:
OYSTER
Pale with a delicate flavor and velvety texture reminiscent of a fresh oyster. Best sauteed to bring out their flavor.
Nutrients
:
niacin 21%, riboflavin 18%, pantothenic acid 11%, copper 10%, phosphorus 10%, potassium 10%.
Mushroom Type
:
PORTOBELLO
Deep, meatlike texture and flavor. Good grilled as an appetizer or substitued for meat in entrees.
Nutrients
: riboflavin 24%, niacin 19%, copper 15%, selenium 13%, pantothenic acid 13%, potassium 12%, phosphorus 11%.
Mushroom Type
:
SHIITAKE
Brown with broad umbrella-shaped caps. Rich and woodsy with a meaty texture and slight garlicky taste.
Nutrients
: niacin 15%, riboflavin 12%, pantothenic acid 11%, fiber 11%.
Mushroom Type
:
WHITE BUTTON
Still the most widely consumed of all mushrooms. Plump and dome shaped with a delicate flavor.
Nutrients
: riboflavin 18%, niacin 15%, copper 15%, pantothenic acid 12%, selenium 11%.
(Source: Abstracted from the articel written by: Janet Helm CHITRIB/Health Watch, a Chicago Dietician and nutrition consultant. Mushroom files from: USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference/Mushroom Council)
posted by infraternam meam @
9:33 PM
Friday, December 15, 2006
MY CHOSEN PROVERBS TO REMEMBER AND LIVE BY
MEANINGS AND ORIGINS OF PROVERBS
(toghther with definitions, example of usage, origin of first occurence, variants and cross reference)
1. all good things must come to an end.
Nothing last forever; often said resignedly when a pleasant experience or sequence of events finally ends;
We had had a wonderful vacation, but all good things must come to an end.
The proverb was first recorded c.1440; "
Ye wote wele of all thing most be an ende"
(Partonope of Blois) The word
good
was probably not added until the 19th or early 20th century.
2. all men are created equal.
No person is born superior or inferior to another, so all should have equal rights;
"Colonel Cathcart was infused with the democratic spirit; he believed that all men were created equal, and therefore spurned all men outside Group Headquarters sith equal fervor"
(Joseph Heller, Cath-22,1955). The proverb comes from teh Declaration of Independence (1776), in which Thomas Jefferson wrote:
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalineable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness".
3. all roads lead to Rome.
There are many different ways to achieve the same result, or to come to the same conclusion:
"All roads lead to Rome; and even animal individutality throws a ray on human problems
" (J.S. Huxley, The Individuals in the Animal Kingdom,1912). The proverb was first recorded, with different wording, in Chauser's Prologue to Astrolabe (c.1391). Compare the medieval Latin proverb "
Mille vie ducunt hominem per secula Romam"
[A thousand roads leads man forever toward Rome]. In modern use other place-names are sometimes substituted for Rome.
4. all's well that ends well.
Problems and misfortunes along the way can be forgotten when everything ends satisfactorily;"
When the books are signed the vicar congratulated the husband and wife on having performed a noble, and righteous, and mutually forgiving act,'All's well that ends well,' he said smiling
" (Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure,1895). First recorded in this form c.1530, the proverb is perhaps best known as the title of one of Shakespeare's plays.
5.
all that glitters is not gold
.
People and things are not always as attractive or vluable as they seem: "I do wish I hand'nt a penny in the world, then I should know who my true friends were,''Poor little lass! She has found out that all that glitters is not gold, and the disillusion has begun,'said the doctor to himself". (Louisa May Alcott, Rose in Bloom,1876). The proverb occurs in Shakespeare's play. The Merchant of Venice(2:7) in the form "All that glisters is not gold," but the sentiment it expresses first recorded c.1220, Variant of this proverb; all is not gold that glitters.
6. all things are possible with God.
Nothing is impossible to the divine will; often used more generally to imply that anything might happen:
He seemed an unblikely candidate for the priesthood, but all things are possible with God.
The proverb is biblical origin in its current form: "
Withmen this is impossible; but with God all things are possible"(
Matthew 19:26), but the sentiment it expressed is found much earlier, in Homer's Odyssey (c.8th century B.C.):"
with the gods all things can be done".
7. all things come to those who wait.
If you are patient, you will have what you desire:
Remember that all things come to thos who wait, and don't be too disappointed if you miss promotion this time
. First recorded in 1530 with different wording, the proverb occurs in Henry Wadsworth Longfellows' Tales of a Wayside Inn (1863): "
All things come to him who will but wait."
8. all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
People who donot make time for leisure activities risk damaging their bealth, the quality of their work, or their personal relationships; often used to justify a break from work or to persuade somebody to take one:
You're doing, far too much overtime - all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
. The proverb was first recorded in 1659. It may be applied to people of either sex, often with the person's name in place of Jack (and girl in place of boy, if appropriate).
9. always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
If you are often asked to be a bridesmaid - traditionally, three or more times - you will never marry yourself; also used more generally as a lament by a young woman who receives many invitations to be bridesmaid but no proposals of marriage.
I've been bridesmaid to three of my old schoolfriends - when will it be my turn to get married? Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
The proverb was first recorded in 1882 in E.M. Ingraham's Bond & Free in the form "
Always a maiden, never a wife",
the word
maiden
meaning "
bridal attendant
" in this context.
10.always look on the bright side.
You always take the optimistic or positive view, especially when things are going badly
;"I was walking the ridgepole and I fell off. I expect I have sprained my ankle.But...I might have broken my neck. Let us look on the bright side of things
" (Lucy Maud Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables,1908). The proverb was first recorded in 1726, in a sermon by John Wesley. According to a less well-known saying, "
If you try tomake some people see the bright side, they will complain that it hurts their eyes
". Variant on this proverb, look on the bright side, or polish up the dark one.
11.as you sow, so shall you reap.
The way you behave - badly or well - determines what will happen to you in the future;
Her article offended a lot of important people, and now she finds herself ostracized - as you sow, so shall you reap.
The proverb is a biblical origin: :
"whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting
"(Galatians 6:7-8)
12.bad news travels fast.
Bad news, or unfavorable gossip, tends to be disseminated far more quickly than good news, the implication being that people delight in talking or hearing about the misfortunes of others:
I know bad news travels fast, but I had only just got home from work when my sister phoned to ask if it was true that I had been fired.
The proverb was first recorded in 1592("
Euill newes flie faster still than good")
Thomas Kyd, Spanish Tragedy, but is probably of ancient origin.
13. christmas comes but one a year.
Extravagance and self-indulgence at Christmas - or any other annual celebration - can be justified by the fact that it is a relatively infrequent occurence:
All over the country, people will be eating and drinking to excess, telling themselves that Christmas comes but once a year.
The proverb was first recorded in 1557 in Thomas Tusser,
A Hundredth goodpointes of husbandrie
.
14.
cleanliness is next to godliness
.
Personal hygiene indicates a pious or virtuous nature; also used more generally to emphasize the importance of cleanness:
Having been brought up to believe that cleanliness is next to godliness, she was seriously concerned for the spiritual well-being of her roommate, who bathed only once a week.
The proverb was first recorded in this form in a sermon given by John Wesley in 1788, but the sentiment it expresses is of ancient Egyptian or Hebrew origin. In
The Advancement of Learning
(1605), Francis Bacon wrote,"Cleanness of body was ever esteemed to proceed from a due reverence to God." Variant of this proverb:
cleanliness is akin to godliness.
15. don't rock the boat.
It is often wise to avoid taking action or making suggestions that will cause upset or trouble:
There are some some who will always speak out when they think things should be changed, and there are others who remain silent, preferring not to rock the boat.
The proverb dates from the 1920s and was popularized by the song "Sit Down, You're Rocking the Boat" in the musical Guys and Dolls (1950).
16. don't shoot the messenger
.
When you receive bad news, donot vent your anger or distress on the person who brings it:
Enraged by a report from one of his financial advisers, the president called for the man's dismissal. He was warned against such a drastic step by somebody who reminded him "The man only wrote the report - don't shoot the messenger".
The sentiment expressed by this proverb is of ancient origin: Sophocles wrote c.442 B.C., "
Nobody likes the man who brings bad news
." Its current form, however, is relatively recent.
17. don't start anything that you cannot finish.
Do not begin something unless you are sure that you have sufficient strength, courage, etc. to see it through to the end:
Ignoring the advice "Don't start anything you can't finish," he embarked on a costly lawsuit against his former employers.
The proverb was first recorded in 1477 in
Dictes and Sayenges of Philosophirs.
Proverbs expressing similar meaning:
"Don't bite off more than you can chew; don't fo near the water untol you learn how to swim."
18. don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Donot discuss private disputes or family scandals in public;
The chat show format in which ordinary people air their personal griveances against friends and family in front of a nationwide audinece was obviously dreamed up by somebody unacquanted with the saying "Don't wash your dirty linen in public".
The proverb was first recorded in 1809 in T.G. Fessenden's
Pills
. Variant of this proverb:
don't air your dirty linen in public.
19. faith will move mountains.
Nothing is impossibnle to those who have sufficient faith; applied not only to religious faith, but to any strong belief in a cause or objective;
She firmly believes that she can make him change his ways, and faith will move mountains, so she may yet succeed.
The proverb is a biblical origin;
"If ye have faitn as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossinle unto you".
(Matthew 17:20).
20.never let the sun go down on your anger.
If you have quarreled or lost your temper with somebody, make your peace before the end of the day;
I believe that you should never let the sun go down on your anger, and I always insist that the children resolve any minor differences among themselves before they go to bed.
The proverb is of biblical origina: "
Be ye angry, and sin not; let not the sun go down upon your wrath"
(Ephesians 4:26)
21. never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
If something needs doing - however undesirable the task may be - the sooner you do it, the better; "
No idelness, no laziness, no procrastination; never put off till tomorrow what you can do today"
(Lord Chestefield, letter dated December 26,1749). The proverb was first recorded in 1616, but the sentiment it expresses is of earlier origin. The facetious variant "N
ever do today what you can out off until tomorrow"
dates from the 19th century.
22. never say never.
Nobody can look far enough into the future to say with certainty that something will never happen - anything is possible;"
Al Marshall did not rule out a resumption of talks, saying 'you can never say "never" in this business
" (Washington Post, 1984), First recorded in the title of the James Bond movie
Never Say Never Again
(1983), allegedly because the actor Sean Connery had been pesuaded to make a comeback as Agent 007, twelve years after announcing that he would never play the role again.
23. seeing is believing.
People are often reluctant to believe soemthing until they see it for themselves, but nobody doubts the evidence of his or her own eyes;
"If you had seen de great huge pieces of de plate so massive, Sir Arthur, - so fine fashion, Miss Wardour - and de silver cross dat we did find .... you would never believd them.' 'Seeing is believing indeed".
(Sir Walter Scott,
The Antiquary
1816) The proverb was first recorded in 1609.
24. see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil.
Ignore any worngdoing, malice, or gossip that is going around you, and donot get involved; "
It's no use asking him about the latest office intrigue - his motto is "See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil."
First recorded in 1926, the proverb is associated with a representation of three monkeys with their hands over their eyes, ears and mouth, respectively.
25. there's a first time for everything
Everything must start somewhere, and the fact that something has not happened before does not mean that it will never happen; also used when somebody does soemthing that he or she has never done before:"
It's oerfectly safe - we've been doing it this way for the past ten years and we've never had an accident". "There's a first time for
everything
" The proverb was first recorded in 1792 in A. Hamilton's Papers.
(Source:DICTIONARY OF PROVERBS by: Martin H. Manser)
posted by infraternam meam @
1:09 AM
Wednesday, December 13, 2006
A R O M A T H E R A P Y 101
History of Aromatherapy
Although the contemporary practice of modern aromatherapy originated within the last years, the use of essential oils to heal mind, body, and spirit can be traced back to all the major ancient civilizations of the world. Aromatic plants played a cental curec ailments; some stimulated the senses, and a few gave rise to mystical, religious experiences. The precious, magical natue of aromatic plants was honored by burning them and offering the smoke to the gods of these civilizations.
We can see this principle at work today in the temples o the East, where incense is still ritaully burned on the altars of Hindu and Buddhists deities. The modern Catholic Church also continues its traditions of burning frankincese during church services.
INTO THE MODERN ERA
Back in the modern world, a renewed interest in natural, plant-based healing led to the development of modern aromatherapy. In the 1920s a French chemist, Rene Gattefosse, experiemented with essential oils and realized their great healing potential.
After burning his hand in a laboratory accident, he plunged his arm into some lavender essential oil. The miraculous effectiveness of lavender in healing his burn led to him to further research essential oils, and to use the term
aromatherapie
for the first time in a science paper in 1928. This heralded the arrival of contemporary aromatherapy as we know it today.
AROMATHERAPY AS A HEALING ART
Gattefosse's research into essential oils was taken up by another Frenchman, Dr. Jean Valnet, who used essential oils to heal soldiers bruns and wounds during the First World War. He then suscessfully treated psychiatric patients with essential oils, demonstrating their emotional and psychological healing qualities. Marguerite Maury subsequently pioneered another aspect of the healing powers of essential oils.
Combining essential oils with intuitive and Swedish massage techniques in the 1960s led to the contemporary practice of aromatherapy as a healing art. Aromatherapy is a hollistic, complementary health-care discipline. The main treatment is full body massage, using essential oils diluted in a base of vegetable oil. When you visit a qualified aromatherpist, she or he will take a detailed case history covering your medical history, lifestyle and emotional well-being, before selecting approprioate or aromatherapy is that essential oils are only applied by external means. It is illegal for a qualified aromatherapist to suggest that a client ingest oils by mouth. Although in France some medical doctors are trained to prescribed the internal use of essewntial oils. this is a highly specialized aspect of aromatherapy.
It has been scientfically demonstrated that the external application of essential oils is in most cases more effective, and considerably safer, than taking them internally. Thus the healing art of aromatherapy lies in the hands of the therapist working in synchronicity with the judicious choice of essential oil.
THE BENEFITS OF AROMATHERAPY
There are many different benefits of aromatherapy that help people find health and well-being. Perhaps the most important are the completely natural qualities of aromatheraphy, the emphasis on preventive measures and on clients learning to take responsibility for their own health care.
Essential oils are a precious gift from Nature, derived with only minimal human interventions. The vegetable base oils used to dilute essential oils before massage are also natural. Both base and essential oilpy's natural qualities help to redress the problems caused by excessive use of these unnatural substances.
FOCUS ON PREVENTION
The emphasis of aromatherapy can be summed up as "Prevention is better than cure". In practical terms, this means that an aromatherapist will look at a client's lifestyle holistically and suggest simple changes that can prevent illness or dis-ease arising in the first place.
For example, one of the most common problems that clients.
Prevention leads naturally into the arena of self-responsibility. The aromatherapist will encourage clients to look after themselves, to be involved in, and take responsibility for their own health care. In this way clients can actively seek their own health and well-being,with assistancem from the aromatherapist.
WHAT ARE ESSENTIAL OILS?
Aromatic plants produce fragrant essences in secretory cells, using nutrients from the soil and water, and light and warmth form the sun in a process called photosynthesis. These natirally occuring plant essense attract beneficial insects, such as bees, to help pollination, and deter less friendly insects that would otherwise eat or damage the plant.
In many aromatic plants the secret cells are near the surface, located in flowers and leaves. When you walk past these plants and brush against them, this releases the grangrance into the air. The beauty and magic of these essences are ofgen described as the aromatic heart, life force or energy, and soul or spirit of the plant. When aromatic plants are distilled (usually by steam distiallation), the essences undergo subtle chemical changes and turn into essential oils.
The term "
essential oil"
is generally applied to all the aromatic oils used in aromatherapy, although strictly speaking this is not technically correct. Oils exacted from citrus fruits using simple expression of the rinds are still the plant essence. Some floral oils such as jasmine, are obtained by a process called enfleurage or solvent extraction. This produces a "concrete", which then undergoes further further solvent extraction to produce an "absolute". However, for ease and simplicity, the term "essential oil" is often used generally to mean all aromatherapy oils.
MAIN CHARACTERISTIC OF ESSENTIAL OILS
Many essential oils are light, clear and non-greasy, although, a few are viscous and some are colored. However, they all share one important characteristic; they will only dissolve in fatty oils, such as almond or sunflower oil, or in alcohol. They will dissolve in water, and this has implications for the way they are used.
Essential oils are very concentrated and powerful, and are greatly diluted before use in aromatherapy. In a massage oil, for example, the dilution of essential oil in base oil is around 2 or possibly 3 percent. Essential oils are only rerely used undiluted, and in very specific instances. They are also highly voltivle and evaporate quickly when exposed to the air, so they arebest kept in airtight, dark glass bottles.
HOW ARE ESSENTIAL OILS USED?
Essential oils are the main "tools of the trade" for an aromatherapist, and in her or his hands they become a powerful, yet subtle instrument of healing. In this context, the most valuable use of essential oils lies in professional aromatherapy massage treaments.
Such a treatment consists of two parts. The first part is a consultation, during which the aromatherapist will establish the best way to trat the client, and which essential oils will be most beneficial. this is followed by blending the massage oil and giving a full body massage.
Sometimes a shorter treatment of a back, head, neck and shoulder massage is offered, which maybe conveniently fit into a lunch hour. Some aromatherapists also offers facials, lymphatic drainage massage and other specialized aromatherapy treatments.
After an aromatherapy massage, the aromatherapist may suggest that the client use essential oils at home to reinforce the treatment and to maintain an ongoing beneficial effect. The aromatherapist may then make up a body oil or bath oil for the client, or suggest specific essential oils for the cleint to purchase and use for themselves at home.
HOW DO ESSENTIAL OILS WORK?
Essential oils are volatile, which means that they evaporate as soon as they come into contact with the air. So whichever method of applying essential oils is sued, a certain amount is always inhaled. Because body massage is the main method of applying essential oils, this suggests that the lungs and the skin are both of prime importance in the way essential oils get into the body and do their work.
In the Lungs
When we inhale air during an aromatherapy massage, bath or other treatment, we also breathe in particles of essential oil. This air/essential oil mix travels down the trachea (windpipe) into the bronchial tubes and then into the lungs. Within the lungs are tiny balloon-shaped air sacs know as alveoli, around which lie minute blood vessels that carry out the exchange of gases. this means that waste products mainly carbon dioxide are exchanged for oxygen and particles of essential oil.
On the Skin
During a body massage, the skin becomes covered with a base oil (such as sweet almond) containing a small amount of essential oil. Because the skin is semipermeable - which means that it can absorb and excrete certain substances with a small molecular structure - the oils are drawn into the body through the skin.
Within the Body
Once inside the body, the particles of essential oil circulate around the bloodstream and travel to the different organs and body systems. Most essential oils have a therapeutic affinity with particular organs or body systems. For instance, essential oil of rose has a purifying, regulating and tonic effect on the uterus. Once inside the body, the particles of rose will travel to the uterus and have a beneficial effect upon it.
In the Mind
Essential oils also have powerful mental, emotional and psychological effects. Staying with the example of rose, it is also antidepressant, nerve tonic and aphrodisiac. So an aromatherapist would be likely to include rose in a massage blend for a woman expreincing problems in conceiving. Rose would have an overall beneficial effect on this wiman physically, emotionally and psychologically.
(Source: THE AROMATHERAPY BIBLE by: Gill Farrer-Halls)
posted by infraternam meam @
9:34 PM
Tuesday, December 12, 2006
TEN BEST FOODS FOR FLAT ABS
THE SAD TRUTH:
You can crunch yourself inti a coma and still have ab flab. If you really want a sleek, sexy midriff, you've got to tweak your diet. All of the best waist-wahistling foods contain fiber to banish bloat, antioxidants to boost your ab routine's effectiveness and protein to help maintain a healthy metabolism. Here, the top 10 choices for flatter abs.
1. ALMONDS
These delicious and versatile nuts contain filling protein and fiber, not to mention vitamin E, a powerful antioxidant. They're also good source of magnesium, a mineral your body must have in order to energy, build and maintain muscle tissue and regulate blood sugar: "A stable blood-sugar level helps prevent cravings that can lead to overeating and weight gain", says David Katz,M.D., a professor at the Yale University School of Medicine. But what makes almonds most interesting is their ability to block calories. Research indicates that the composition of their cell walls may help reduce the absorption of all their fat, making them an extra-lean nut.
TRY FOR:
An ounce a day (about 23 almonds), with approximately 160 calories. An empty Altoids tin will boldningon Biochemical Research Center found that when people ate eggs in the morning, they felt less hungry throughout the day than when breakfast consisted of complex carbohydrates like bagels. "The protein and fat in the egg may be contributing to the feeling of satiety", sayd lead researcher Nikhil V. Dhurandhar, Ph.D.benas, dauly..
TRY FOR
: An apple or two a day. A study published in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry found that the Red Delicious, Cortland and Northern Spy varieties had the highest anti-oxidabt, whci not only help protect you from chronic diseases like cancer but may also help you get more results from your workouts. "Antioxidants help improve blood flow, whcih broccolli has 55 calories amd satisfies 20 percent of your day's finer requirment. Most leafy, green are also, broccolli rabe or broccolini, a cross between broccolli and Chinese kale.
7. YOGURT
People who get their calcium from yogurt rather than from other sources may lose more weight around ther midsection, according to a recent study published in the International Journal of Obesity. The probiotic bacteria in most yogurts belp osing weight than those who ate the same amount of calories in snack food. Soup eaters also maintained, on average, a total weight loss of 16 pounds after one year. "Plus, it's a simple way to get your vegetables", says Susan Keliner, PhD., R.D., author of Power Eating.
TRY FOR:
At least one cup of low-calories, low-sodium vegetable soup every day.
9. SALMON
Seafood, especially fatty fish like salmon, tuna and mackerel, is an excellent source of omega-3 fatty acids. These fiber does'nt hook you, consaider this: Seafood is an excellent source of ab-friendly protein.
TRY FOR:
Two four-once servings per week. Wild salmon, though pricey, contains more omega-3 fatty acids than farm raised. (If it doesn't say wild, it's farm raised) If seafoods not your thing, you can get your omega-3 from falxseed (grind and sprinkle on yoru cereal) ir walnuts.
10 QUINOA
Never heard of it? Pronounced KEEN-wah, this whole grain, contains 5 grams of fiber and 11 grams of protein per half cup. Cook it as you would any other grain (although some brands require rinsing). Quinoa's nuttfy flavor and crunchy-yet-chewy texture are like cross between rice.
TRY FOR:
At least one half cup serving ( a third of your whole grain requirments) per day. Try substituting AltiPlano Gold brnad insitant quinoa hot cereal (160 to 210 calories per packet) in Chai Almond Spiced Apple Raisin, for oatmeal. Look for it in health food stores.
(Source: FITNESMAG/FitNutrition by: Julie Meyer R.D.)
posted by infraternam meam @
11:50Results 1 to 8 of 8
Registered User
- Join Date
- Jul 2010
- Location
- Spinning on a Large Blue Ball
- 283
Canada's pot laws go up in smoke...
If the federal government doesn't fix the medical marijuana system, pot will be legal to grow and possess in less than 90 days. Will Cheech and Chong head north?
BONG! Some reports say that's the sound an Ontario judge's gavel made when he ruled our pot laws unconstitutional earlier this week....
Some interesting comments below article with the majority pro-legalization.
-
Quote: The sobering report concluded that the generators often used to power all the lights and fans for indoor grow-ops produce 17 million metric tons of carbon dioxide each year. It takes more than 250 liters of diesel fuel to produce one indoor pot plant.
That means a single joint represents two pounds of greenhouse gas emissions.
The good news: efficiency improvements of 75 per cent are conceivable, the author writes, just by moving the growing plants outdoors.
A huge point, imo.
-
-
Registered User
- Join Date
- Jul 2010
- Location
- Spinning on a Large Blue Ball
- 283
Hmmm...so Evan Mills came up with this data on the U.S. grow-ops from horticultural equipment retailers...funny that is. This data is not based on any actual study on grow-ops. Now how could they base a study on that... hmmm....just by going on the one's that got busted perhaps? I believe that would also be incorrect.
Regarding Doctor's not signing off on this,here we have no problem if the patient is not responding to any other treatment,regardless that these Doctors[IMO]are in the pockets of the Pharmaceutical Industry as they push prescriptions like there is no tomorrow. Legalized drug pushers!!
I have a dear old friend applying for medical marijuana, Doc gave him the site addy for forms...I printed out the forms from Health Canada for him three months ago, forms all filled and sent in...he has yet to hear back.
Regarding growing outside...where I live there is only a few months of the year that it is warm enough..if we are lucky. Greenhouses are the only realistic option. Outside the deer eat them. I used to have twelve large garden boxes for veggies, five by ten, put up eight feet of gill-net around to keep out the deer..would wake in the morning to find deer in the boxes.... trapped...veggies devoured. These must have been leapin flippin reindeer. The horses that could have knocked down those fences with no problem never touched them.
Onward through the fog->->->
Road Trip!
I call ShotGun!
RR
-
-
it's not like the cops really care about pot here anyway ...
it's the pills, oxy's and meth that are destroying lives and contributing to crime right now
-
Similar Threads
Smoke Detectors- Why your's may not go off at all!By Autumn2004 in forum Up to the MinuteReplies: 19Last Post: 05-26-2007, 06:20 PM
IN - Abigail Williams, 13, & Liberty German, 14,...
Today, 01:17 PM in Located Persons DiscussionShare this by copy and pasting the link below.
Nutrition Facts Comparison for:
#1 - Spices paprika
100 grams (100g)
#2 - Spices paprika
7 grams (7g)
#3 - Spices chili powder
8 grams (8g)
Source: USDA National Nutrient Database - Release 28.
* Percent Daily Values are for adults or children aged 4 or older, and are based on a 2,000 calorie reference diet.
Each "~" denotes a missing value.. Oh, I have very pleasant surprises for You - You can get them in my private room ;o Face down ass up, Huh ? - Come and get it NaughtyBoy !You have never experienced kinkiness on the level I can provide. Come closer... I'm userfriendly ;o I'm WildOana, really wild. ; Come around and you'll be the happiest man in the world. I'll please all your wishes.
Denizze
I get turned on by naughty words and compliments!Geoff Pevere
Because the starving of Ethiopia are being deprived not only of essential nutrients but of glamour, in the film, ‘Beyond Borders’, Angelina Jolie arrives to save the hungry hordes wearing a smashing white ensemble offset magnificently against the desert yellows. Resplendently virginal, she may be the prettiest blue-eyed angel to hit the continent since Peter O’Toole.
Later, on her way to the relief camp run by the tempestuous but driven and delectably blue-eyed Dr. Nick Callaghan (Clive Owen), she sees a starving child being harassed by a vulture: You can tell she’s mortified because her otherwise immovably fluffed lip-pillows actually part for a second.
Ordering her obligingly feisty female driver to stop the vehicle, Jolie’s Sarah Jordan hops down from the jeep and runs to seize the infant. On the soundtrack, James Horner’s wall-of-schmaltz music score tumbles like Jericho’s wall behind her, propelling Sarah toward the horror like a gazelle fleeing a fire on the plain.
It is then that one realizes why the spectacle moved this selfless soul so much. It’s because it’s not a child but a computer generated image of one, and who wouldn’t want to hop out of a moving jeep - even one bouncing through a Third World hell hole like mid-’80s famine-stricken Ethiopia - to get a better look at that?
Or is it a spontaneous eruption of narcissistic empathy that propels Sarah from the relative safety of the jeep to the vulture’s claws? After all, when she pulls the computer-generated starving Ethiopian baby to her smashingly alabaster bosom, Sarah reveals something else binding her to the virtual urchin: They’re both unbelievably skinny.
With her china-fine wrists and low-fat Barbie physique - which is never obscured by her various changes in form-flattering international relief-couture - Sarah bridges First and Third Worlds with shared nutritional deprivation. “My God,” you can almost hear her thinking - if only that James Horner wall-of-schmaltz would stop tumbling long enough to let you - “The whole country’s got an eating disorder!”
Arriving at the camp where the cranky but compassion-stricken idealist Dr. Nick presides, Sarah implores him to help the digital baby. At first, he scoffs and refuses, insisting that it makes little sense to halt everything to minister to a single dying sufferer when so many lives are so urgently at stake.
Her metallic-blue eyes rendered both moist and angry by this display of eminently prudent medical judgment, Sarah shames Nick into operating on the boy’s badly wounded, digital fly-drawing mother and advising her on how to keep the boy alive. Strangely, rather than suggesting she consult the software manual that created him, Dr. Nick advises putting some milk on her finger and moving it around the boy’s lips one drop at a time.
It works! Not only does the milky finger save the child, it opens the floodgates of repressed desire and tightly corked feelings Dr. Nick has been clenching behind his firmly articulated jaw. When Sarah wonders why the doctor has never said her name, he can no longer contain himself. His blue eyes prove as torrential as her own as he admits it’s just too painful to give a name to something he fears losing. He’s talking about all those thousands of starving people beyond the tent’s walls, but he’s also talking about Sarah. It’s only a matter of time, and a few Third World relief crises, before the two hit a gauze-draped hospital cot for a little old-fashioned mutual charity exchange.
Are these walk-on, throw-away actors unhappy because they never get the star role, or are they hiding a deeper wound?
Their latent erotic connection now firmly fused, Nick and Sarah continue to meet in various Third World crisis centres over the next decade; he always angry but only out of righteous oversensitivity, she always smashing-looking and thoughtfully colour-coordinated. In civil war-torn Cambodia, it’s a Bruce Lee pyjama-suit and khaki fatigues against a jungle backdrop, while in wintry Chechnya it’s a striking black-against-white-snow number topped with a tip of a fur-trimmed hat to Dr. Zhivago.
Because it not only depicts charity but practises it, Beyond Borders always keeps our sympathetic interest in Third World catastrophe alive by never complicating matters with too many details. With rare exceptions, almost none of the suffering, dark-skinned people are given names - lest the pain of losing them prove too much - and no context is given to their suffering.
Instead, in a boldly acrobatic flip of dramatically advantageous logic, it is the suffering who become the context - the context for a ravishing, globe-trotting romance between a pillowy-lipped, calorie-deprived First World fashion plate and a blue-eyed doctor with anger-management issues stemming from an over concern for nameless suffering foreigners.
To imagine that there are those who would scoff at the idea that fashion cares! As Beyond Borders demonstrates with such lavish sensitivity, fashion cares like nothing else. When it comes to giving up food, fashion practically spews concern.
Article courtesy of The Toronto Star|
: BillTravels
Subject: Advice for relationship
bhv0028
Newbie
Posts: 3
Registered: 10-11-2010
Location:
posted on 10-12-2010 at 00:20
Advice for relationship.- Yield
- 5 1 cup servings
- Active Time
- 25 min
- Total Time
- 45 min
Ingredients
- 1/4 cup butter, divided
- 1/4 cup flour
- 1 cup milk
- 1/2 lb. (8 oz.) VELVEETA, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
- 2 cups elbow macaroni, cooked
- 1/2 cup KRAFT Shredded Cheddar Cheese
- 6 RITZ Crackers, crushed (about 1/4 cup)
Preparation
-.
Related Video
Nutritional Info
- Calories489
- Carbohydrates45 g(15%)
- Fat26 g(40%)
- Protein18 g(36%)
- Saturated Fat16 g(79%)
- Sodium806 mg(34%)
- Polyunsaturated Fat1 g
- Fiber2 g(6%)
- Monounsaturated Fat4 g
- Cholesterol77 mg(26%)Mexican Sunflower, Tithonia Rotundifolia
Fast Facts: The Mexican sunflower is a member of the Asteraceae family. It is also known as the tithonia. Mexican sunflowers grow to a height of 5 to 6 feet. Most specimens are between 3 and 4 feet wide. Dwarf versions are also available that reach a height of only 3 feet. The Mexican Sunflowers pedals are usually red and orange. The flowers resemble daisies and are approximately 3 inches across.
Needs lots of sun well drained soil likes hot weather.
How to grow it
Things you need:
Bypass Pruners
Compost Makers
Fertilizers
Garden Hoses
Garden Spades
Garden Stakes
Plants
Seeds
Step 1 Choose a site with average to poor, well-drained soil in full sun.
Step 2 Plant seeds directly in soil after your region’s last average frost date. Or start seeds indoors six to eight weeks earlier.
Step 3 Thin plants to about 2 feet apart.
Step 4 Keep soil evenly moist, but don’t overwater – this flower likes it a little on the dry side.
Step 5 Trim faded flowers to promote longer blooming.
Step 6 Fertilize every 8 to 10 weeks, or work in a slow-release fertilizer (or plenty of compost) at planting time.
Step 7 Tear out and discard plants in fall, after frost fells them.Cyber Week Deal! Celebrate Cyber Week Dec 2-7 with FREE SHIPPING on all Jersey Boys Ticket orders! Valid Monday, December 02 through Saturay, December 07, 2013.
Simply enter code TNCYBERSAVE2013 at checkout to receive free standard shipping!
This free shipping code provides Jersey Boys Musical tickets of any order for the shows of your choice, on your preferred date, in advance, from your home.
Buy Jersey Boys Tickets Online, Use Code TNCYBERSAVE2013 for FREE STANDARD SHIPPING on all orders from Monday, December 02 – Saturay, December 07, 2013.Nifty Prediction : Nifty may look for 10700 | Foreign cues important | Trade safely
Daily Forecast – Share Market – January 12th, 2018
Nifty may look for 10700 | Foreign cues important | Trade safely
Jupiter with Sun, Ketu + Moon, Saturn and Mercury are leading the day. Crude, sea and related segment is highly activated. This may be due to Geo-political situation or some other reason. Waves like movements can be seen, globally, which may influence local market too.
Mercury is protecting/activating own house of bank and financial institutions. News from banks may be important for the coming period or within this running period.
Agriculture, engineering, textiles, paper, garments, cotton, power, automobile, banks, financial institutions and FMCG, leather, Pharmaceuticals and pesticides, bio-technology based segments, investigating laboratory, education and gems and related fields may be active during the period/day.
Exploration and related segments may be showing some movements. IT, communication, media, entertainment instruments, musical instruments, defence segment with logistics may remain positive.
Mood of the market may be positive, but Geo-political issues and local issues related to financial growth may remain important. Keep a track.
Indian Currency
Indian Rupee may trade in between 63.40 to 64.00 per USD.
Please like my Facebook page @.
** Before investing or trading please check technical aspects also, it’s a reading based on planetary movements.
Categories: Share Market
Type your question.Lowes Home Improvement Stores
Lowes Home Improvement Stores involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the most recent pictures of Lowes Home Improvement Stores here, and also you can obtain the picture here simply. Lowes Home Improvement Stores picture placed ang uploaded by Admin that preserved inside our collection. Lowes Home Improvement Stores have a graphic from the other.
Lowes Home Improvement Stores In addition, it will feature a picture of a sort that may be seen in the gallery of Lowes Home Improvement Stores. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that may become your enthusiasm and informational purpose of Lowes Home Improvement Stores Lowes Home Improvement Stores picture. We provide image Lowes Home Improvement Stores is comparable, Lowes Home Improvement Stores random post of Lowes Home Improvement Stores.
We hope you enjoy and discover one of our own best collection of pictures and get inspired to decorate your residence.
If the hyperlink is broken or the image not found on Lowes Home Improvement Storesyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We provide imageLowes Home Improvement Stores.Tasmanian Flying Star, Damek twinkles in the Reg and Aileen Ivory Memorial Classic at the Devonport Raceway
Peter Phillip owned and trained Damek, an astonishing and astounding Tasmanian flying star once again displayed his class and talent in Reg and Aileen Ivory Memorial Classic. It was a colossal fight between two of the finest greyhounds from Tasmania, Damek
and I’m A Fencer.
The two chasers battled tooth and nail to win the race but in the end it was the flying star, Damek who exhibited extreme enthusiasm and passion in a nail biting finish. The flying star maintained his track record at that circuit and remained unbeaten for
his seven trips north to the Devonport Raceway. The chaser scored his victory in the 452 metres trip in a very fast and magnificent time of 25.36 seconds winning by a margin of only a length. He was only 0.23 seconds behind the record time at the track, set
up by the immensely talented Lilli Pilli Lad back in 2000.
Damek, the son of Big Daddy Cool and World’s Finest has now conquered 29 out of his 36 total lifetime starts and has total stake earnings in surplus of $71,000.
Although I’m A Fencer has lost the fight but it was really an admirable and heroic effort by the Tasmanian runner. If the chaser, I’m A Fencer had drawn inside Damek the result may have been different. The son of Go Wild Teddy and Wooreddy, I’m A Fencer
has rejoiced 14 successes out of his 23 total lifetime starts and has current stake earnings about $24,000. The chaser is looking to be commendable challenger to the flying star Damek in the future.
Gary Sutton, Chairman of the NWGRC (North West Greyhound Racing Club) praised both the chasers at the presentation ceremony. He was also thankful to the associates for racing their two finest chasers in the race to entertain the people.
Peter Phillip acknowledged his star chaser as “a freak” and announced that the champion will carry on his running in Tasmania in the future.
“He does not like travelling, refuses to settle and becomes very anxious away from home. He just does not handle racing interstate, but who cares - he is doing the job here in Tasmania and we just love him,” the trainer stated.
Peter Phillip was also very excited with the victory of Damek in the Reg and Aileen Ivory Memorial Classic and viewed it as a very significant landmark in his life.
“It is a big thrill for me - Reg and Aileen were legends here on the North West Coast, in fact they were legends all over Tasmania,” he further added.
Although Damek has not recorded even a single win in interstate competitions yet his little brother Decembrist presented a major upset by winning in the $25,000 Richmond Derby in a luminous style.
Meanwhile the son of Bombastic Shiraz and Flick the Switch, the terrific undefeated young chaser, Rybenbrook won at NWGRC meeting for sixth time in a sparkling 25.60 seconds and maintained his winning form as well. Mick Stinger trained chaser made mammoth
impression since his debut victory in January, winning by a massive average of eight lengths on every event.Proposed RMP Template for Micro Abattoir
MPI is seeking feedback on the draft Risk Management Programme (RMP) Template for Micro Abattoir.
Find information about MPI consultations. Choose to see all, or select open, closed, or a topic.
MPI is seeking feedback on the draft Risk Management Programme (RMP) Template for Micro Abattoir.
MPI is seeking your feedback on the measures in the draft import health standard for Oncidium cut flowers.
MPIis seeking feedback from tangata whenua and stakeholders on proposed changes to the sustainability measures for 4 rock lobster stocks, 2 sea cucumber stocks, and one southern blue whiting stock.
MPI is seeking feedback on proposed options for New Zealand to implement decisions made by the Commission for the Conservation of Southern Bluefin Tuna, into domestic fisheries management of southern bluefin tuna.
MPI is reviewing the requirements for recognised agencies and persons operating under the Official Organic Assurance Programme..Find More Images of Siya Ke Ram 7th October Episode on the end of the post.
Siya Ke Ram 7th October, when Laxman fought with them to free the horse, he lost to the boys and fell on ground. Ram worries. Guru Vashisht asks who are they. Sumanta tells them that they are two boys who came to say Ram katha, they got angry hearing about Sita, they said they will not free the horse till Devi Sita gets justice, they want to talk to Ram and seek the answers, as Ram got saved from answering them in bhavan..
siya ke ram 7th october siya ke ram 7th october siya ke ram 7th october.
siya ke ram 7th october siya ke ram 7th october siya ke ram 7th october siya ke ram 7th october
** Jai Shree Ram **Still Needing To Be Hemmed
It's mostly done and I think it's going to be a keeper. But I need to get over the "maternity" feeling. It's not the top so much as the belly underneath the top. ;-) I still need to hem it (the top, not the belly). When I've got the hem done (after dinner?), I'll take a pic of me in it.
I got sidetracked from hemming by fussing with Zillie. I've never been happy with the tummy and hip padding on her so
in a fit of frustration on a whim, I took it all off. But the result of that was even worse since my hips haven't been that skinny since I was 8. Or maybe 11. So then I added some padding back. And then I had to adjust the waist/bust depth, which is another thing that's not been quite right for a while. But that still wasn't right. More fiddling. Zillie turned upside down. Loosening, tightening, pulling, pushing. Chasing Dani the Thief as she raced off dragging a mouthful of batting/padding behind her. All of that and Zillie isn't really any better than when I started, just different now. Sigh. I'd really like a true body double but (a) I don't know if I really want to see it and (b) I'd have to grin and bear DH doing the wrapping. But boy, if I had a true body double, I know I'd be a Draping Queen.
Back to the top. There's some things that could be better in a second version that most likely will never get made. I think I'd like the band under the bust to be a little higher. It's higher on me than on Zillie, but not where I thought it would land. The neckline probably could be a little lower. Although at least where it is now it doesn't gape or reveal too much. I like the sleeves though. They are loose enough that they aren't squeezing the flubby arms and shorter than my usual short sleeves so maybe I can get some new tan lines during the daily dog walks. ;-)
Nice! It goes very nicely with your skirt. I like your new brown theme. :)
Hi Debbie, I like it. The color comgination is great. I sympathize with you and the complaints you have made. I have taken some of the Pattern Review classes with Shannon. I emailed her privately that it is always a humbling experience to post my muslin after multiple postings of my classmates size 6 and 8's. I have the belly and the upper arm thing going. Hopefully, this is the year that I can whittle it down abit. Doubtful--has never happened in the past. Great project. Please post a picture when you wear it. Thanks in advance. Anne
I can certainly relate to your dress form woes. Mine is an antique Acme, and I can never get the proportions quite right. Someday, I'll have a dressform that's more accurate. Someday.
Hey, why not call a PR amiga to do DTDs? You will love yours. I love mine. Word to the wise, don't fidget at all because I gesiha-trotted over to the stereo to turn it up, only a few very dainty steps, and I had to cut out darts and re-tape to take in 4" on the hips. Also ask your friend to wrap the 'breathing' part of your torso snugly to avoid dart removal there too. The depth of everything, shoulder width, swayback are perfect and yours will be too. It's divine!!Missing the comfort of old friendship. Phoebe and Harriet, their support, laughter and fun funnies are north bound and we are camped at the base of the trail which we will climb tomorrow to venture deeper into the Sierra.
After a days planning I (meg) organised my things, packed my bear box and gathered my nerve for this next section. I am travelling with 5 guys now, a mixed bag of quirky characters. Bruce, who of course you know already, and also Perk and Justin our other staple family members. We have reclaimed Jamie who letft us before Lake Isabella, and acquired Sushi. Sushi, jamie and I are all Cancerians (our month is coming). The ride up here was silent and strange. Sushi forgot his phone so we had to turn back for it, packs lay on people and Justin felt caged up and car sick. Perk and Bruce fell in and out of sleep and we others stared at our phones or out the window. Our trail angel, Santa’s Helper’s vagon struggled up the hill. With the revs roaring and Santa’s eyesight struggling in the growing evening shadow we ran over a squirrel. Dead. It’s a good omen I’ve decided. Onion Valley is beautiful, we must have been to tired the other day to appreciate it fully. There are water falls on each side of the trail and the sun is setting pink over the range we will climb back over tomorrow. Back to early morning starts and long days of trudging through snow. I am happy and excited to be back in the mountains.I am trying to start a lawn care business (currently working for two different entrepreneurs), but still can't make the money to buy brand new Echo equipment. Who has good deals on refurbished Echo equipment? I prefer someone in Texas as I can't afford to pay s&h outside the state, and I don't have a car. I don't care what the equipment looks like, as long as it gets the job done with no problems. Echo: weed eaters, blowers, trimmers, and chain saws.Here is a great gift idea or boredom buster! Right now a Set of 5 Stress Less Coloring Books - Includes Mosaic, Flower, Peaceful Patterns, Animals and Bohemian are just $12.99 (Reg. $74.95)! Buy 2 or more sets and the price drops down to just $9.99 each set! Shipping is FREE!
- Set of 5 Stress Less Coloring books
- Includes mosaic, flower, peaceful, animals and bohemian coloring books
- Each book is 208 pages
- Each book measures 8 x 0.5 x 9.1 inches
I LOVE comments! Thanks for visiting My Baton Rouge Mommy!By Alice Lambe
There is no doubt about it, the nature of demand for solar energy is continuing to change with every single year.
While this has always been the case since its innovation, the last five years have seen a more fundamental shift in power in the global solar energy market. More specifically, Europe has begun to lose its prevailing reputation as the king of installations, as egalitarianism begins to impact on the market and diversify customer demographics.
Between 2006 and 2011, for example, Europe represented an estimated 70% of all global solar installations. In 2008 and 2010 specifically, the region compromised approximately 85% of installations, dominating the marketplace ahead of developing economies in alternative parts of the world.
Addressing current trends & recent market shifts
Nothing lasts forever, however, and subsidy reforms and high rates of market penetration have a detrimental impact on solar market growth throughout Europe. Conversely, other global regions have experienced a surge in demand for solar energy providers, as the market becomes increasingly diversified and influenced by worldwide socio-economic trends. With Europe's dominance of the sector now considered to be a thing of the past, countries in Asia, North America and to a lesser extent the Middle East have stepped forward to fill the void.
Taking Asia as an example, it is immediately obvious that the independent markets in China and Japan have benefited from considerable growth. As a result of this expansion, the Asia-Pacific region now contributes approximately half of all global installations, which is a far-cry from its previous share of just 10% in 2010. In fact, the continent of Europe only represented a third of the cumulative global market last year, and this is expected to decline to less than a quarter by the end of 2014.
While Asia may have already usurped Europe as the dominant market leader, North America is not far behind. With American citizens increasingly motivated by environmental goals and the desire to live more sustainable lives, it stands to reason that the U.S. should be an influential player in the worldwide solar industry over the course of the last eighteen months. In terms of the quickly developing Middle Eastern sector, Saudi Arabia is likely to lead the way amid a rising number of government backed solar incentives and initiatives.
The bottom line in global solar energy: A bright and increasingly diverse future
Given the shifts in market dynamics that have occurred during the last five years, it is likely that the industry will experience even more diversification between now and 2018. More specifically, while the Asia-Pacific region will continue to emerge as the dominant market player, the most significant rate of growth will be recorded in largely unsubsidised Latin American markets such as Mexico and Chile. Although the market in these regions will be relatively small in comparison with the industry leaders, they will attract larger developers and make more significant waves over time.
Aside from creating opportunities for industrial growth and expansion in both developed and developing economies, there are also considerable environmental benefits delivered by a diversified solar market. On a fundamental level, the rising level of demand for solar power reflects the changing attitude of home-owners and consumers from across the globe, as people strive to reduce their carbon footprint and identify a more sustainable way of living. When you also consider the cost-efficiency of solar panels, this drive is only likely to gather further momentum in the years that follow.
About the author: Alice Lambe is a solar energy specialist. When she’s not advising her clients on all things solar she contributes to renewableheating.org.
Image license: USAF, US-PDGov
Image license: USAF, US-PDGovThunderbirds are go on Amazon. Actually, that should be "Thunderbirds Are Go" because that's the new title of the reinvented classic series set to land at Amazon. who enact daring rescues in their futuristic craft. Rosamund Pike of "Gone Girl" fame will voice the character of Lady Penelope.
Unlike the original series, the new Thunderbirds will be a mix of CGI animation and live-action model sets. The new series is produced by ITV Studios, Pukeko Pictures and Weta Workshop and is already screening in the U.K., Australia and New Zealand. Amazon will be bringing the series first to the United States.
 Are Go" is just the latest in TV's revival and reboot madness. "The X-Files" is currently airing on Fox, "Limitless" is on CBS with "Rush Hour" to follow and Netflix's "Full House" sequel series premieres later in February.
PHOTOS: Your guide to TV's reboot and revival madness
MORE: The problem with TV revivalsThe suit regarding the industrial land in survey no.42, pattandur Agrahara, allotted to Joy Ice Cream for industrial purpose at a very cheaper rate by the Government with a condition that the allotted land MUST ONLY BE USED FOR INDUSTRIAL PURPOSE, the said property was sold to prestige group, and the builder obtained the sanction of building plan and began the construction. In the meanwhile, the STF discovered the discrepancy and recommended that the land be vested with the state as it had violated the conditions of sale. The Deputy Commissioner, Bangalore District, resumed the said property.
The builder approached the court and as usual obtained a stay order ( the simple strategy of the builders to hoodwink the investors and buyers) to the said resumption. Mr.Hiremutt, a social activist, fighting many such cases, is said to have issued a paper statement, which the high court felt it as derogatory and summoned Mr.Hiremutt.
This subject will reach the apex court soon.
But, the investors and the buyers have to be satisfied that there is a STAY ORDER and there are no answers for:
1). Whether the property allotted by the state specifically for the industrial activity be used for other purposes?
a). The land acquired from poor farmers at throwaway prices and allotted to the industries with all facilities, so that the industries generate employment, use the locally available natural resources, consume the electricity, generate revenue to the Government in the form of VAT, Excise, Service Tax, Professional Tax and Income Tax. The intention of the state to provide land and infrastructure is for the development and not for the profit of a group by selling the land thus allotted.
b). The builder MUST have obtained NOC for the change of land use from KIADB, but might have not obtained the same.
c). The change of land use condition need not be specified at all as it is implied.
d). It is crystal clear that the builder has violated and also obtained the building plan without obtaining the NOC from KIADB and BDA`s role in the sanction of the plan must be investigated.
2). Filing of Writ Petition will not entitle or grant the right, title and interest to the plaintiff. It will be conferred only by the decree of the court. Hence, the consoling words like, the subject matter is in the court, does not have any validity at all.
The affected investors and buyers are sitting in the corner of their home, cribbing and crying, watching the episode without a murmur.
There are some more like this. The skeletons will tumble out one by one.September Rubber Stamp and Die ReleasePRIZE.
For my 1st day in the Holiday Hop ,I have used
the adorable little Beardy Gnome By Artist
Mel Jen's hes is just the cutest little dude,
he's just perfect for all those Mens cards and Christmas cards.
I coloured him with copics and pencils.
Thank you so much for stopping by and we
are all looking forward to
Seeing you again tomorrow for our second day
of new release festivities!
Take care my friends
25 comments:
Hi Bridget, Adorable card layout you used! The little Beardy Gnome is a cutie new stamp :)
This little guy is so adorable!
Bridget, this card is really adorable and fun!! Love the folds on it!! Your coloring looks amazing! :) HUGS
This is adorable
Wonderful design, Bridget. Love how you colored this cutie!
very cute card
Such a cute gnome image and not very common (I think). Beautifully designed card and interesting construction and coloring:)
he is so cute and love the card shape
Love the card idea.
This little guy is so cute. I love what you have done with him. Adorable!
Love that cute gnome and your adorable card! Fun fold!
This is so adorable.love the image.
That gnome is very cute.
wow Bridget, this is a little stunner..xx
Very sweet and cute!!
Hi love this new stamp he is such a cutie
OMG that's sooo cute
That's one prize winning beard he's got there! Super card, so cute, Jo x
His beard is megga and looks so think and heavy fab colouring and a great mans card too,thanks for sharing.
The Beardy Gnome is so cute. He makes me laugh.
Oh that is cute! Fab card design and shape too. Hugs, Wends x
Adorable image. Very unique card.
Very unique image!! Like you said, perfect for masculine cards... Your coloring is awesome!!
-Berina
Moxie Craftie
Very cute!
Oh, my! That is so cute! Just full of whimsy and fun.A construction worker died Sunday in Boston after an incident involving a crane.
The accident happened at 1:55 p.m. near the intersection of Shattuck and Binney Streets — in the Longwood medical area.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration is handling the investigation.
The identity of the worker has not yet been disclosed.Yes , in post transplant care this will be Day One. The were are are tears of joy,relief that the tranplant has taken place and both survived(always threat margin of risk) and the promise of many ill free years for both Scott and Josh. So we all do the “Dance of Joy”
see above post(sister Gloria's learning curve)
This is done with the knowledge that the first 2 weeks post transplant are the most critical for organ rejection and major complications for both our boys. Josh is doing fantastic and handling his own self medicating. Today will be an “UP” day for hopefully both of them. We have been told to remember what babies are like when they first arrive on the scene. They eat (Josh and Scott will need close to a 100grams a day of protein) and SLEEP SLEEP SLEEP (our bodies were designed to restore-mend and in their case grow almost another whole organ)! This all normally expected in a 6-8 week period!
By Friday of this week Josh should be ready to be discharge to the hotel for a two day observation before heading to Westbrook for the most of the regrowth time Scott is expected to remain at least 10 days before discharge. Cards for Josh would be better mailed to the Westbrook home and for Scott if sent before May 15th to the Lahey Clinic address. If anyone desires visits please call Robin before venturing to the hospital and remember 15-30 minutes MAX. So if you are traveling a long distance perhaps waiting for return to Westbrook would be more feasible. Family will be gathering a help list for help with meals -errands-doctor checkups house cleaning help and for those who can maybe 2-4 hour shifts of care sitting. Due to allergies flowers are best avoided. Gifts to (to help with uncovered medical costs) are a good option. PRAYERS always welcome and needed ! Friends of Robin(you know her) surprise her with a lunch date, fun date or just chilling together date.
Most likely by day 8 I would not be surprised to see Scott ready to grab his IPAD and restart his blogging!
Ken says to hang in there, it’ll take a couple of days. He also says to memorize your meds. 4 years post and doing well. Praying for all of you, it’s a long haul kind of thing.
Praising the Lord for His ever present grace. Thanking the Lord for success. Praying for not neccessarily a rapid recovery but a proper, healthy recovery.
WONDERFUL NEWS! P.T.L. I will be praying for both uncomplicated recoveries and for the family. Mary McGaw
Please post addresses for Scott, Josh, and Robin.
Thank you.
Great news. Thanks for blogging. Wonderful way to keep all up-to-date! Tell Scott my prayers are with him. Praying for a speedy recovery and a smooth start to a new life of health.ans 8:34).
Prayer changes us. It changes our will: "Not my will but Yours"
(Matthew 26:39). It removes our sin ("forgive us our sins") our
un-forgiveness ("as we forgive others") our tendency to sin
("lead us not into temptation") and attacks against us ("deliver
us from evil") - Matthew 6:12-13.
Prayer changes the world around us. It moves the will of heaven down into
the earth (Matthew 6:10). It moves angelic powers to change history (Daniel
9:20-23; Revelation 8:2-5). It can even stop the sun from moving (Joshua
10:11-13).
We are called to pray for all people, but particularly for government
leaders and those in positions of authority. "First of all I urge you to
lift up prayers and supplications and requests and thanksgiving for all
men; for kings and the heads of authority ..." (1 Timothy US Vice-President Pence - or Guterres,
the Portuguese UN world by even such a small
investment of fifteen minutes in daily, concentrated, faith-filled prayer
for key people in government, business, religion and media! Pray for those
who shape others' opinions.
Our prayers can influence their decisions. Here is one key how to pray for
them: Proverbs 21:1 - "The heart of the king is streams of water in the
hand of YHVH; He will turn them wherever He desires." Along better.
This article was previously published on November
9th 2017
here,
on the Revive Israel website, and on November 17th
2017 here on the Kehila News Israel website.
Also in this issue of the newsletter:
Daniel Juster: Jewish SufferingFrom inside the book
27 pages matching Slovenia in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 27
What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Common terms and phrases
1998 programme 2000 Programmes Accession Partnership achieved acquis communautaire administrative capacity adopted agriculture Albania allocated areas assessment Baltic Sea Bank Bosnia and Herzegovina budget Bulgaria candidate countries cent CFCU Community programmes continued contracting Council Cross-Border Cooperation Programme customs Czech Republic decentralisation deficit EBRD economic and social enterprises environment environmental established Estonia European Commission exports Facility framework FYROM home affairs horizontal programmes Hungary impact improve infrastructure institution building internal market investment ISPA and SAPARD justice and home Latvia launched legislation Lithuania million modernisation National Development Plan National Fund organised overall participation Phare assistance Phare funds Phare National Programme Phare programme Phare support Poland political pre-accession preparation priorities privatisation progress public administration reform regional development Regular Report restructuring Romania Slovak Slovakia Slovenia SMSCs social cohesion strategy strengthening Structural Funds structural reforms technical assistance transport twinning projectsIt’s with much joy that we announce that we will welcome a new member of our family in May next year. We have been blessed with another life to bear and celebrate. Of course the plan is to welcome this new person when they are a lovely bouncing full term baby.
I have been feeling well but very tired. I guess growing a baby and toddler wrangling will make the exhaustion feel bone numbing. Thus I have been having day time naps instead of writing blogs or uploading photos which makes me sad but it is just essential for now.
Pregnancy post an extreme preterm baby is proving to be an interesting experience to say the least. We are having to keep everything in perspective as our dreams of a low intervention pregnancy are outweighed by the desire for intervention to keep this baby inside for longer.
Warning the following may be too much information. Tomorrow (Monday 8th) I will have a cervical stitch put in. You can read more about it here. Basically the aim is to put a stitch in now to prevent early dilation of my cervix. With Eva’s labour I didn’t present as a typical incompetent cervix but as the obstetrician put it we will never really know and do we want to risk finding out?
At our first appointment at 11 weeks the obstetrician discussed the stitch which I went into the appointment not wanting. I was thinking that maybe something like progesterone pessaries which are being trailed for prevention of preterm labour. The obstetrician wasn’t convinced that there was adequate evidence that they would be enough for me. Coming home from this appointment I did lots of research (using Dr Google) and read about people’s experiences on forums and came to realise that maybe the stitch would be the best option for us given the risks involved with preterm birth.
Between the appointments at 11 and 14 weeks my cervix on the ultrasound scan had shortened from 58mm to 48mm which wasn’t too concerning at this stage but it is always a possibility that it could shorten drastically in the next few weeks. There is always the thought as well that many women could spend their entire pregnancy with a shortened cervix and carry to full term. However shortening is a key warning sign for preterm labour.
Having the stitch gives me between an 80-90% chance of reaching 37 weeks so we figure that they are pretty good odds. Of course there is lots of time between now and then so we shall just have to wait. The stitch will be quite embedded to reduce the risk of infection to this foreign body during the pregnancy. The plan is to remove the stitch between 34-36 weeks which means that even if I go into labour then the baby will be in a much better position than Eva was. There are also risks during the procedure tomorrow, mostly to the baby not me. We have spent time praying for safety for our new baby and will place the baby’s safety in God and the doctors hands tomorrow. We know that God is holding this baby safely in the palm of his hand so we are at peace with our decision.
The stitch will be placed with a spinal anaesthetic and I will stay in hospital overnight. Hopefully I will see Eva sometime in the evening otherwise I will be in withdrawal with longer than 24 hours away from her. It will also be the longest she has ever been without a breastfeed and she is in the process of cutting her last molar (of this set). My mum has been able to fly in from Canberra today to help out with Eva this week which is a great blessing as I will be on bed rest for a few days.
We ask for your prayers for tomorrow. We have faith that this baby is strong and can face the challenge of tomorrow. Stay tuned for an update in the coming days.
Lovely news and I am so pleased that you are having the stitch – my daughter had two preterm babies at the same stage as Eva and had a stitch for the third, which resulted in a lovely healthy boy, so will keep you in my prayers. Ruth and Bob must be delighte4d that 2 more grandchildren are on the way. Love to you all, Beryl
Well done!! We;ll be praying for all of you lots!
Congrats! Sending you lots of prayers for tomorrow. What joyous news!
By now you will have had the procedure and we so hope all is well. It was lovely to hear you are expecting again also Alison & Matt. Take care you will be in our prayers as you move through the next few months.I must say, it’s been a long time since I felt as though I had anything worth writing about. So it was with much joy that I received a phonecall today informing me that I had been shortlisted for this year’s Text Publishing YA Prize, for my novel manuscript, Wildfire.
Wildfire follows the story of Jennifer Kellar whose house burns down in a bushfire on the same day that her father decides to head overseas to the Congo, where he is volunteering with Doctors Without Borders. It’s a story that I began many, many years ago, originally as an entry into the first year of One Book Many Brisbanes (in which it was unsuccessful). At the time, I lived in a house in Mitchelton that actually stood in line of a bushfire, which came so close that at one point I had to seriously contemplate what I would take from the house if, indeed, we were evacuated.
Of course, after this year’s horrible bushfire events in Victoria, the story seems more relevant than ever.
This novel has been submitted on invitation to more agents and/or publishers than I can count without looking up my spreadsheet, and it has received everything from a standard ‘thanks but no thanks’ letter to detailed, constructive feedback and high praise, but has not yet found a home.
And just when I had all but given up on it… the good news phone call came. 🙂
Whether or not Wildfire finds a home at Text Publishing, I am thrilled to finally, truly believe in my heart that it is not the pile of doo doo that I have often imagined that it was. Thanks Text for the vote of confidence!
And I look forward to the phone call 😉
Hi Joanne. I just stumbled on your blog and, as a fellow Australian writer, wanted to say, congratulations on your great news. I know what you mean sometimes when you write “it’s been a long time since I felt as though I had anything worth writing about” – this kind of news is just the sort of pick-me-up you need. Congratulations again and good luck with the prize award itself.
Thanks so much Wendy! It’s so lovely the way other writers are so supportive of each other. It makes the journey so much easier 🙂
You seriously rock, sista!! xx
Jo, I am so excited for you. When I read “Not in Mitchelton” I knew you had the juice. This short-listing proves to everyone that you have what it takes – soak it up, you deserve it. xx put a stop payment on a PAP and this company was able to remove money from my account after the stop payment and after one of the payment was refunded to my account.
davie, belleville
August 5, 2015 05:23:56 PM
1 Response
In reply to davie, belleville
We understand your concern, Davie and we'd be glad to point you in the right direction.
Based on your question, it sounds as though you placed a stop payment and it was unsuccessful. To determine why the payment processed even with a stop payment, we ask that you contact us directly for assistance. You are able to call us 24/7 by dialing 888-751-9000. After account verification, our Representatives will be glad to review your account.
Similarly, you are able to visit us during lobby hours at any TD Store to discuss your account and the stop payment. To take a look at TD Stores near you please visit.
Please know that we would like to assist you directly however TD Helps is considered an unsecured forum and we do not have access to your account/personal information.
We hope to hear from you soon, Davie and have a good day.
Megan K, Mount Laurel
August 5, 2015 05:24:21 PMGregory Johnson
CEO
Updated On : Sep 28, 2017
Gregory Johnson is the current CEO. You can find Gregory Johnson's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Franklin Templeton Investments's Lead411 profile, as well as Franklin Templeton Investments email addresses with the @franklintempleton.com domain format. Gregory Johnson's email may or may not be inside the profile. Franklin Templeton Investments is situated in St. Simons, GA. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Investment bank/brokerage. People:
Gregory J. Bamberg - Other
Fibernet Direct's Sr. Field Service Technician is where Gregory J. Bamberg is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Sweetwater, FL, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Telecom software industry. Gregory J. Bamberg's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Fibernet Direct email addresses on Lead411 with the @fibernetdirect.com domain. Some possible email formats for Gregory J. Bamberg are GJ. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com, Gregory.J. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com, Gregory@fibernetdirect.com, and Gregory_J. Bamberg@fibernetdirect.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fibernetdirect.com addresses.
Gregory Jackson - Executive
A Chief Scientific Officer at MacuLogix, Inc based in Middletown, PA, Gregory Jackson has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Maculogix, Inc in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is John Edwards. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Gregory Jackson' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Gregory Jackson. Some possible email formats for Gregory Jackson are GJackson@maculogix.com, Gregory.Jackson@maculogix.com, Gregory@maculogix.com, and Gregory_Jackson@maculogix.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@maculogix.com addresses.
Gregory Jackson - Other
Located in Holmdel, NJ Vonage Holdings Corp. has Gregory Jackson serving as the organization's Advanced Operations Tech. Need Gregory Jackson's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Vonage Holdings Corp. Lead411 profile, along with their Vonage Holdings Corp. email addresses using the domain. Search for Vonage Holdings Corp. on Lead411 under the Telecom/wireless services industry. Some possible email formats for Gregory Jackson are GJackson@vonage.com, Gregory.Jackson@vonage.com, Gregory@vonage.com, and Gregory_Jackson@vonage.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@vonage.com addresses.
Similar Employees:
Kenneth Lewis - Finance
A St. Simons, GA-based organization, Franklin Templeton Investments is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @franklintempleton.com email addresses, as well as details on Kenneth Lewis's email, the organization's CFO. Their profile can be found in Investment bank/brokerage category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Kenneth Lewis, you can also find them in Lead411. Some possible email formats for Kenneth Lewis are KLewis@franklintempleton.com, Kenneth.Lewis@franklintempleton.com, Kenneth@franklintempleton.com, and Kenneth_Lewis@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
Craig Tyle - Executive
A EVP General Counsel at Franklin Templeton Investments based in St. Simons, GA, Craig Tyle has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Franklin Templeton Investments in our Investment bank/brokerage category. The company CEO is Gregory Johnson. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Craig Tyle' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Craig Tyle. Some possible email formats for Craig Tyle are CTyle@franklintempleton.com, Craig.Tyle@franklintempleton.com, Craig@franklintempleton.com, and Craig_Tyle@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
Jennifer Johnson - Operations
If you need @franklintempleton.com email addresses for Franklin Templeton Investments, you can find them on Lead411 as Jennifer Johnson's email might be available. Jennifer Johnson, the company's COO, also has extensive contact information, including Franklin Templeton Investments's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. St. Simons, GA-based Franklin Templeton Investments can be found on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Some possible email formats for Jennifer Johnson are JJohnson@franklintempleton.com, Jennifer.Johnson@franklintempleton.com, Jennifer@franklintempleton.com, and Jennifer_Johnson@franklintempleton.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@franklintempleton.com addresses.
People Directory > Gregory JohnsonFirst, before I really get to writing my thoughts that stem from my viewing of CNN’s Black in America, I have to say GO LUPE! Lupe makes me proud–if I didn’t already have his albums, I would buy them after his interview last night. 🙂 Touch that young person, Lupe. 🙂
Ok, so while they touched many more pressing issues than they did in the first installment, I think the slant/focus was really off. First the good: I’m happy they highlighted the young brother who was trying his best to find a job and even used the hidden camera to show what he faced in that quest–that in some places black men with no criminal records were on the same playing field with white men with records. I was happy that they showed how genuinely happy he was when he was offered a part time job just because he would have a way to contribute to his household. I really appreciated them showing that black men are not all deadbeat lazy bums because we know better than that. I was also happy they interviewed guys in prison that really did want to get out and try to do better with themselves. I appreciated Michael Eric Dyson’s brother admitting that it’s not just the environment in which you grow up–it’s also about the choices we make. I need my young brothers (and sisters) to hear that. I appreciated Spike Lee’s interview as well.
Ok on to my gripes… It befuddles me why all the families highlighted last night who were “doing well” were light-skinned and well-integrated in the white community. No, CNN, I didn’t miss that.
While I know that many black people have found their way out by assimilating into what they perceive as white America, I know too many families that have done well without trying to be white under the illusion of exposing their kids to diversity. Last night highlighted a family with two successful black parents, one a judge–the first BLACK woman judge in the friggin state and an assistant superintendent of schools, who spent 10 minutes crying as he told his story of growing up in the one and only Little Rock Central High School and how he was treated. And you mean to tell me that it is okay for him to have moved to a neighborhood where he gets “occasional stares” (in your neighborhood, a stare cannot be occasional… they live there, so they stare every time they see you), a neighborhood whose residents called the cops on him because he’s a couple (and only a couple) of shades darker than they are, and not expose his kids to other black kids who are smart, can talk well, and who are in families grooming them for success. Someone said last night, that maybe there weren’t any other families. Excuse me? Gimme a break. There are plenty of black folks in AR, and not all of them are poor. And in a place where the Assistant Superintendent is black and a judge is black, I know good and gosh dern well, they aren’t the only black folks doing well.
Personal experience: I grew up in a white public school district. YES their academic program was much better than the black public school district in the area. There’s nothing wrong with wanting your kids in the best environment for learning. But part of the environment for learning is seeing people that look like you and knowing that you’re not an anomaly. It’s a parent’s role to make sure a kid knows who they are, how others see them, and how they are responsible for giving back to their communities when they can. If you don’t train a child for civic responsibility, how will they grow up to do so? If you don’t show a child that they have more opportunities than others and that once they take advantage of those opportunities, they should reach back and create opportunities for others, how will they decide that they should when they’ve “made” it? If we don’t instill a sense of community in our kids at an early age, can we really be mad when they grow up to be selfish individuals who don’t look at themselves as an important part of a larger group? Ok, sorry for that digression…
In the 4th or 5th grade, I came home after a weekend with my Odyssey of the Mind teammates (all white except one other student), and I asked my mom why most black people were lazy and why I was smarter. After explaining to me that that was a total fallacy and trying to mask her anger that my being treated as a token black was getting to me, my mom PROMPTLY put me in extracurricular activities that put me around other smart black kids. I participated in science programs at various HBCUs with other gifted kids from around the state, I went to Vacation Bible School at my own church and at the church of one of my mom’s friends. I was in a black Girl Scout troop. My mom took me to Gateway and Salvation Army on holidays to help serve the unfortunate. That undoubtedly has contributed to my desire to give back my community, to leave it better than I landed in it. School is not our only means of education. And if it is, it can be quite dangerous. I could have grown up thinking that I was an exception–that the black folks around me were inferior and that all they needed to do was try a little harder. It maddened me last night to see that out of 3 boys, two were with white girls and the other was in jail… And I’m trying my best not to think that CNN had an underlying message there. As much time as they spent on black men during the black women segment, I don’t get why they couldn’t integrate black women in last night’s segment. Can we just acknowledge beyond showing a picture or two that there are black men out there that want and find black women to build their lives with?
Why didn’t they spend more time highlighting the black “power couple”? During the first installment, they did a better job of celebrating the black family–highlighting the couple that owned the construction company together and were raising their kids to value education. With this family, they said what they did as they were talking about the individual members of the family, then went on without exploring why this black “power couple” didn’t encourage their sons to find women like their mom. I don’t have a problem with interracial dating in general. But I do have a problem with people raising their kids to think that the white man’s ice is colder…
So, after the show, we had a brief discussion. I watched the series with a group of young professionals, and one thing that bothered me was the constant gripe about how CNN was not showing our lives, that of “middle class black America,” all the while acknowledging that we’re the minority of our minority population… I believe CNN (and my friend Dionne) did a good job of highlighting the spectrum. I mean for goodness sake, they showed entrepreneurs, they showed a Harvard economist, they showed that Hollywood single girl, they showed my future friend, Michael Eric Dyson, a professor. Come on. There’s no way they should have spent 4 hours of America’s time talking about black people who think they’ve “made it.” As long as the majority of my people are living without access to affordable health care, access to jobs, access to fresh food and are living check-to-check (which some of us self-proclaimed yuppies are doing as well), then I applaud anyone who wants to educate America, and remind those of us who think we’ve arrived, about our plight. They showed my mom, who works more than one job to make it. They showed my nieces and nephews, who are undoubtedly a part of the phenomenon of test scores lower than those of third world countries. They showed how Crack (versus Cocaine) has had an effect on our community. The documentary for me serves as a reminder. A reminder that the movement should not be over. That we still have a ways to go. That we have not made it and that we need to reach back and do our part to help us all move forward. Someone asserted that this documentary just serves to continue to project negative images of black people. I highly beg to differ. What would be the purpose of a skewed documentary showing the good life of blacks? To make people in America really think that we’ve come a further way than we have? To add to our false sense of security? To add to the rift between members of our own race? No, we need to see the reality and see that it’s not all self-induced. That we are still suffering from our past. We cannot make a difference under a national broadcast of the illusion of success. I hope that YP’s think about what they saw, and focus on what we can do about it rather focusing on why it wasn’t swept under the rug. It is a reality that we have to face if we want solutions.
I really appreciated the Clark Atlanta professor who shared his thoughts about the actual solution. So many times we hear why we need to find the solution, but people rarely talk about strategies. He stated that we need to start now steering the direction of the newest generation as the current young generation has already been steered to a certain extent. It is my fear that the rift between those who are doing well and those who are not is widening beyond comprehension. He said we need to wipe out some of this institutional programming guiding our young people and we need to get back to the basics so that we can reinvent ourselves. It’s time to figure out how to move back into community-thinking and not just me,me,me-thinking. Sigh, we have a long road.
I’ll be back with my take on being part of the 45% of black women who have never been married…
5 thoughts on “I’m Black in America”
Long read but certainly very introspective 🙂
Lupe was a breath of fresh air. Don’t you just love the way that he never had to conform to be confirmed ? I am proud of him.
To be honest, I am not sure of how much research that CNN actually did. I think both segments were rushed to ‘get something out.’ See, it had to be because I know there are far more great people in the world than the few that CNN covered. I was sitting thinking.. really? Is this it? and then I saw credits rolling…
I was sitting there waiting for them to talk about HBCUs and their off springs, the black church… the mentors, you know- us.
I guess.
Maybe this was Black in America.. just not mine. 🙂
Thanks for such an introspective look.
Nada, I agree with you alot on this one. I paid little attention to light skin versus dark skinned apparently, but it came out in the conversation afterwards, and it amazes me that there is that divide. But I think that we also don’t realize it is two fold…light skin is unfavorable in many cases among our own people. (not to be discussed here.)
Ultimately, I think you hit the nail on the head. It is a reminder…a reminder of what we have come through, and a reminder of those who are still there and need our support. It is easy to be judgmental when you aren’t going through it, but it is up to us, as a people, to facilitate the connection between each class within our society, and I think CNN’s piece will play a role in furthering that discussion.
Love ya.
I typed a sermon and it was lost. To summarize it, I don’t think the documentary shocked or surprised us, and who knows, that might not have been its intent. For some it was an exposure to the issues, to others a reminder. I think this has shown us we’re all closer than we think. Where do we (young people) go from here? I think the ideal place for each of us to start is within our own families. To bring along the struggling members within each one and show them things they may have not otherwise known or seen. And once we’ve swept around our own front doors, we can move into the greater society for the least, lost and left out.
~Nada!
I sooooo agree with your opinions. I did feel as though some of CNN’s focal points were misguided but I think overall they did a wonderful job. I did feel that the second day had more of a focus than the first day…but that’s another post for another day.
I had this same debate with a friend of mine…he stated that because none of his friends were those people on the documentary that he didn’t feel as if he needed to watch it…I was quite miffed. So many times as Blacks (especially those of us who have professional degrees) we believe that we should be the focus of Black America but clearly we are the ones that “made” it; but what happens to our counterparts that didn’t? Evidently, they outnumber us. I think that’s why I enjoyed the show the most…it was a call to action for us…
At this point the responsibility lies with us… we’ve been reminded of the problem and now what are we going to do about it?
We must remember “to whom much is given, of him (her) shall the more be required.”
I don’t think it was rushed. I think they just didn’t do a good enough job connecting the two “classes” shown. In the first segment, they showed Roland Fryer and the other black experts reaching back to their communities coming up with hopefully viable solutions to problems that they see. In the 2nd second, however, they kept it very disjointed. While complaining about that, it dawned on me that maybe they should have–maybe not in that way, but maybe it’s just a testament that although some of us do remain connected to solving problems in the community, not all of us are. Some of us are very much disjointed from the statistical majority of our people.
I’ve said it many times, and I’ll say it again–although as a unit, we weren’t doing as well financially, we were doing better as a people when we were a community and hated on and cast to our segregated areas. Now that we’re all over the place, many of us have abandoned the community component of the agenda and have amped up our individualist agendas.
Yeah, there could have been more positivity in the documentary, but I do appreciate it as is.
As far as what are we gonna do about it, I think we all need to figure out how to contribute our skills to the cause. And I guess, first, we need to agree on what the cause is. lolWednesday, May 3, 2017, was a rough day. I was laid off that day after 33 years at the Ventura County Star, along with four others.
Obviously, it’s a difficult thing. It’s difficult for those leaving and for those staying. But there is absolutely no doubt that God is in control of all this, nor is there any doubt that He holds my family and me in the palm of His hand.
Do you know how blessed I’ve been to be in this job for 33 years? Well, it really hasn’t been the same job. I’ve done a little bit of everything in sports, from reporter to columnist to sports editor to copy editor to page designer.
A few years ago, God was gracious enough to save me from a round of layoffs and instead of being primarily a designer, I went back to being a full-time reporter and columnist, mostly covering high school sports. I just got a tweet from someone who said they’re 47 years old and that they’ve been reading me since high school. I’m not sure how I feel about that.
I started at the old News Chronicle building at 2595 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., which only had air conditioning in the computer room. The newsroom was upstairs and when it got real hot, we’d open the windows. Unfortunately, an auto alarm store was next door and we’d hear the alarms going off all day long. Then, they rebuilt on the same site and it was the first time I’d ever worked in a building that was actually built to house a newspaper. Then the county papers were consolidated and we got moved to Ventura. The T.O. building is now a 24 Hour Fitness.
The Ventura building on Ralston Street was way too small for all of us. Instead of desks, we had doors placed flat on top of file cabinets. That was where we stopped having a composing room and we designed our pages on computers. Almost a decade ago, we moved to Camarillo behind the outlet mall and it was wonderful. There was finally room for everyone. But really, almost from the moment we moved there, we started losing people through layoffs and the building seemed to get bigger and bigger.
You know, I’ve said “we” during all this, but it’s been a different “we” every time. It seems like hundreds of people have come and gone during my time at The Star. Sometimes you wouldn’t even get to know them before they left again. And now it’s my time to leave. It’s bittersweet.
I enjoy writing and it’s really only been in the last few years that I’ve felt I was really any good at it. I’ve taken a lot of convincing. I still do. As a columnist, I felt best when someone who didn’t follow sports told me they liked something I’d written.
It’s so difficult to be a journalist anymore. I remember when it was pretty cool to be one. Now, the majority of Americans dislike us and worse, distrust us. Any idiot online now can be a “journalist.” I joked once in a column decades ago that anybody could be a sports writer. The managing editor circled that sentence in red and put three question marks next to it. Thanks to the Internet, it’s true now; I was just ahead of my time.
I didn’t get to write a “farewell column” in the paper, so I guess this will have to do. Thanks for making it this far. I hope it’s been as cathartic for you as it’s been for me!
Anyway, we would definitely appreciate your prayers. I haven’t a clue what’s ahead other than it’s God who will lead us there. Thank you.
5 thoughts on “Leaving The Star — and the other way around”
I’m watching, Jim, to see how you’ll re-invent yourself… what your “new normal” will be. With your strong Faith, I know it will be inspired and inspiring.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Those were interesting decades, with many pluses and some unfortunate minuses. Thanks for recapping and for being a big part of it all.
LikeLiked by 1 person
LAObserved linked to this column. Thanks for sharing all your memories, some of which i shared in. I was in the 2008 round of layoffs. Considering the newspaper biz these days, 33 years is remarkable. You are very talented, and I sure hope you find ways to keep writing (and getting paid). My own post-Star experience indicates the newer journalism economy requires multiple smaller sources of revenue, rather than one paycheck. That does offer a certain liberation… I hope it might work well for you.
Would be nice to know the names of the others laid off; guess we’ll have to wait and see who’s joined Doonesbury, the advice column and the Best Buy Sunday ad flier on the spike (the last probably not the Star’s idea, of course)..
Hi, Todd,
Thanks for reading my blog and commenting.
It might be “nice” to know the names of the others in the newsroom who were laid off, but if you think about it, that doesn’t happen very often in other businesses. I’ve decided to “put myself out there” on my own volition. These are human beings, after all, and they deserve respect.
Thanks again.
Jim CarlisleIf you are searching for the PayJut reviews in order to find out what is PayJut.com, either is PayJut.com a scam or a legit, then you are absolutely in the right place. Here, within our PayJut review, you are going to find out the complete truth about Pay Jut. Actually, we have listed PayJut within our bad and scams section and if you want to know why, then you can find the details within our PayJust.com review as below. But, after knowing the fact that PayJut is a scam, if you don't want to find out more details on it, but instead want to find out the list of legit online works and businesses from where you can make money in real, then you can find those by clicking this link:- newsonlineincome.com/legitimate-work-home-businesses/ or, if you want to take a look at our No.1 recommended online work company, then you can find that by clicking this link:- newsonlineincome.com/wealthy-affiliate-review/
OK, now let's begin with our Pay Jut review in order to find out what is Pay Jut in real and why is PayJut a scam.
PayJut login and join in link:-. com/ (Not Recommended to join, it's a scam)
PayJut.com is one of the fake site which claims its members to pay good amount of money for doing simple tasks, but in the reality doesn't pay to anyone. Actually, you can find similar kinds of several sites, such name, every details of those sites are same.
Like other similar kinds of scam sites, PayJut has also hide its owner details completely within its website as well as within its WHOIS details. You can't find any information about who and from where is operating Pay Jut. All of these similar kinds of sites haven't revealed their owner details. However, we can be sure that all of these sites are from same group because the details that they have provided in the WHOIS details of each of those sites are matched with each other and the business format, website script, website claims, website theme and so on are also matched with each other.
PayJut claims to pay $10 per click on the referral link of the members that they receive from the social media sites like Facebook or from the forums, blogs, or other sites, wherever they copy paste those links, means the members only need to copy paste their referral link in different forums, blogs and social media sites to earn money from this site. So, this is already a bogus claim in itself. None of the real companies can get any benefit by paying $10 per click on their site link. Even in Facebook, people can advertise their website in the rate around 25 to 50 clicks per $1. So, why any company wants to pay $10 per click that they can get from the social media sites like Facebook? So, this proves that their claim is completely fake.
Actually, when your earnings reach to the minimum cash-out limit and you request for the payment, they will not proceed your payment, but will further provide you the list of offers and ask you to complete them to get paid from them. But, in order to complete those offers, you need to pay money by yourself first of all. And even if you do so, there is not any chance you get payment from them. This way, they are getting commission from the money you spend to complete those offers, but you are getting nothing from them. Not only that, they will also sell your personal information like your email ID or credit card number or any other personal information to the third parties to make money for themselves which may create huge problem in your life as well. They collect your those personal information when you register in their website by submitting those details and also when you provide them those information to complete their so called tasks and offers. So, stay out of these kinds of scam sites. That is why PayJut is a scam site and we have listed it within our Bad and Scams category.
If you want to identify either any sites are scam or not by yourself, then we suggest you to view our this post:- newsonlineincome.com/2017/03/23/how-to-know-scams/
Please feel free to share this PayJut review with your friends and families so that they can find out its reality:-
Your comments, feedbacks and suggestions are valuable for us. So, please feel free to leave your comment below if you have to say anything about "PayJut.com" or want our help in relation to online work industry.
We will be more than happy to hear from you and help you.
Good Luck!As Danny pointed out the other day, mobile access to info and search services continue to be of interest to me. Services from new players as well as from established companies are appearing on a daily basis.
As this CMPNet Asia story points out, that the mobile version of My Yahoo now allows you to view your RSS feeds via your WAP browser. In other words, My Yahoo joins Bloglines from Ask Jeeves as services offering mobile tools to access your feeds. More info and details about how to access your feeds via My Yahoo Mobile in the story: Yahoo Launches Mobile RSS News Feed and in the Yahoo Search Blog post: My Yahoo! Mobile RSS.?In the post, Kohn (2006) has argued that homework is not merely needless but will also counterproductive for youngsters. The creator adopts a contextual assessment strategy to Professional... Browse Additional
Examine The inner ecosystem of an organization for strengths and weaknesses that effects the firm’s competitiveness.
A capstone project is normally a lengthy project that represents the end result of a program of review. It is usually done in numerous phases, commencing While using the project proposal, occurring for the study period, and culminating while in the creating of the actual document. The thought of the project is to discover an correctly slim subject, after which you can go deep.
With all the stress of your capstone project, the last thing you may need is a lot more pressure in working out the whole process of working with a specialist as a result of Ultius. That is why we have laid out a fairly easy map for you personally.
IT capstone project absolutely justifies help from your professionals. These days, systems and traits while in the IT area are at any time modifying. It is tough and difficult to get a college student to finish a capstone project paper in IT with no help or direction or assist from your specialists in the field.
However, these regulations do make obstructions for the business, as they may have to deal with the many limitations, which truly develop a massive amount of detrimental influence on the earnings volume of the corporate.
we will be the one who could present you with the premium capstone creating expert services – expert services that you simply received’t ignore
My assumption is usually that All those of you who are academics already know how to produce a lesson approach. For anyone of you who will be not lecturers, I am not planning to instruct you on suitable lesson-plan making right here. However, I am a scientist, so if specifics usually are not correct, or could use clarification, I can aid with that.
An evaluation rubric (these types of other that An additional Instructor could evaluate the students inside the fashion that you choose to intended).
At SleekWriters.facts, we is not going to consider you down that street. We generate your capstone projects from scratch employing supporting proof For each and every project created during the produce-up.
Capstone project is considered to get one of several hardest duties a scholar can at any time be asked to try and do by their lecturers. The amount of strain that a person goes via for 1 to own an impressive capstone project is Rather a lot that pupils decide to look for reputable, confidential, most effective exploration proposal modifying providers rather than engaged on capstone projects by themselves.
• Senior Capstone also increases the university student drive and engagement. The Senior Capstone contains a creative nature which is basically self – picked and is based on own interests of The scholars and might reinforce the scholar’s inspiration.
The solution is WriteMyEssayz.com. We’ve been Operating For some time to Track down self-confident writers that find out about capstone projects. Plus, we’ve been focusing our attention on furnishing capstone project expert services which might be swift as well as genuine. Just after several years of hard work and focus, we’ve eventually created a crafting staff that’s capable of tackling capstone projects at every level of the creating procedure. Purchase a capstone project from us, therefore you’ll find yourself dealing with skilled experts that work quickly, confidently and skillfully.
Saxena, Ahmad and Gupta (2013) described this identification is very important, as it'll help the organization to put the herb product in to the marketplace in this type of way that it could in a position to satisfy the demand of your complete entire world. The company might have to put into action equally micro and macro degree segmentation approaches as a way to have greatest volume of effects of impression out there.
Top Guidelines Of capstone homework helpTim and John are solo this week with a new episode all about the podcasts they love.
Spring Break, New Equipment, Home Depot, and leonard Nimoy are discussed.
All the Podcasts we love:
WMMR Preston and Steve, Smodcast, Jay and Silent Bob Get Old, Hollywood Babble-On, Tell ‘Em Steve Dave, FEaB, Edumacation, Nerdist, You Made it Weird, Competitive Erotic Fan Fiction, What Say You, Dragonball Insider, Not Too Deep, Truth and Iliza, Nerd Poker, The Joe Rogan Experience, DVDASA, Cult 45 Podcast, Professor Blastoff, Kanzenshuu, The Smartest Man in the World, The Indoor Kids, The Dork Forest, Quiver: The Green Arrow Podcast, Sex Nerd Sandra, Doug loves Movies, Radiolab, Bertcast, Dining with Doug and Karen, the Houndtall Discussion Series, Fat-Man on Batman, The Champs, Your Mom’s House, The Big Bald Broadcast, Marth and Eric, Pod on Pod, Doug loves Minis, Judge John Hodgeman, Rachel & Miles Xplain the Xmen, Guys we Fucked, The Alton Browncast, Reasonable Doubts, Star Talk, Cool Story Show, So Wizard podcast, Halfassed Podcast, Pod Vomit, Snake Oil Comics, and Dark Angel Pretty Freaks!
Thank you all for being wonderful and entertaining shows!
Please Comment/Rate/Subscribe on
iTunes, Stitcher, Soundcloud
Twitter, Instagram, Facebook
and Dorkofalltrades.wordpress.comSocio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has “welcomed publication of the list of recovered funds by the Federal Government as a positive development towards entrenching a culture of transparency and accountability in government.”
The organization however asked the government to “publish the names of high-ranking public officials from whom the public funds were recovered, and spend recovered funds in a transparent and accountable manner so as to remove opportunities for re-looting recovered loot.”
In a statement today by SERAP executive director Adetokunbo Mumuni the organization said, “The recovered funds must be spent to directly benefit Nigeria’s.”
The statement reads in part: “This is a case of grand corruption, which has devastated many lives and fundamentally contrasts with the ideal of government as a public trust. Therefore, high-ranking government officials suspected of turning the public treasury into a private cashbox should be prepared to accept a higher degree of openness about their official conduct than private individuals.”
“Publishing.”
“The authorities responsible for combating corruption cannot be expected to refrain from all statements, such as the fact that a suspicion of corruption exists. What is excluded is however a formal declaration that somebody is guilty without trial before a court of law.”
“The fact that suspected corrupt officials have returned some public funds makes the argument in favour of publishing their names even stronger. Open justice promotes the rule of law and publicity is a powerful deterrent to abuse of power and official misconduct.”
“Nigerians have the right to know how high-ranking government officials carry out their entrusted public functions and manage the public treasury, and whether or not they act in accordance with the code of conduct which Nigerians expect from their leaders.”
“The government must now move swiftly to complete all pending investigations of corruption and to pursue diligently those cases in court, and to consistently utilise the crime of illicit enrichment (also called: “unexplained wealth,” or “inexplicable wealth,” or “disproportionate wealth”) to achieve effective prosecution of corruption cases. The government should compile a list of corruption cases in court and cases already completed with names and the amounts involved, and widely publish this including on a dedicated website to promote the idea of open justice.”
“A naming and shaming policy already exists in the international arena, for example, the FATF usually adopt a sanctions regime of ‘naming and shaming,’ against Non-Cooperative Countries or Territories (NCCTs) in its battle against money laundering.”
“In addition, SERAP urges President Muhammadu Buhari to set up a mechanism with a view to ensuring that the funds so far recovered are applied in a transparent and accountable manner, and with civil society involvement and oversight.”
Details of the recoveries, published by the Federal Ministry of Information,.
SIGNED
Adetokunbo Mumuni
SERAP Executive Director
5/06/2016
Lagos, Nigeria
Twitter: @SERAPNigeria
(Visited 2 times, 1 visits today)
Be First to CommentWhy is it that the battery wattage is higher than that of the charger for some MacBook models. 1) Would the computer charge faster if you were to use a higher wattage charger? 2) Would the charger not overheat, since its not constantly working at full load? Note: In terms of physical dimension Smallest<45W<60W<85W<Biggest. The 45W may be supplied with the MacBook Air simply due to the fact that its more portable. MacBook Air 11" 38-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 45W MagSafe 2 Power Adapter MacBook Air 13" 54-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 45W MagSafe 2 Power Adapter MacBook Pro 13" Retina 74-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 60W MagSafe 2 Power Adapter MacBook Pro 15" Retina 95-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 85W MagSafe 2 Power Adapter MacBook Pro 13" 63.5-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 60W MagSafe Power Adapter MacBook Pro 15" 77.5-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery 85W MagSafe Power AdapterThis)
(3):
One truth (about Ds/our lives with Ds)
One tip (- information on something related to Ds/raising a child with Ds/or just parenting in general)
One photo
*****
One truth:
I’ve never cared much if Moxie will learn to talk.
What I do care about – and have always cared a lot about – is her ability to communicate. I want to be able to understand her and I want her to be understood. I also want her to have a language that she can excel in.
Since speech tends to be a difficult area for people with Down syndrome, and since I’ve seen many people with Down syndrome sign gorgeously, I have wanted to focus on something that I felt sure she would easily be skilled in, rather than focus exclusively on something she would really struggle with and find frustrating.
So my truth here is that I have laid more importance on signing with Moxie than I have with speech.
One tip:
Moxie is fearless with heights and she’s an avid climber. She climbed right out of the crib before she could walk.
So we followed what another friend with a child with Ds was doing and just placed Moxie’s mattress directly on the floor (we took an Ikea kura bed and flipped it over, bunk-style, putting the mattress where a play space would normally be). It’s worked out wonderfully.
** note: She also has sleep apnea and moves constantly throughout the night, so we also set up big cushions around (the mattress, against the walls) so that she also has the option of easily sleeping upright (face forward) on one of them.
5 Comments
Ah yes, communication very important. When Marcus was small, sign language saved our lives. Oh to be able to understand each other. Whew! Then he just dropped it as he began to talk.
A few years ago we took an ASL class together at the community college, it was a great refresher and experience.
Awesome Pic!
thanks!
I’d love to take an asl class with Moxie… are you both fluent now?
Samantha used to have that dress Moxie’s wearing in that photo!! Going to join the hop shortly… 🙂
Really?!! I wish I was on Samantha’s hand-me-down train…:)OET Writing: Treasure Vs. Trash!
The writing task of the OET is a test of your resource of English language skills as well as your ability to comprehend the situation presented to you.
It is this comprehension of the stimulus material that is vital to helping you determine what to include (in other words, TREASURE) in your letter and what NOT to include (i.e. TRASH).
So how should you decide what’s treasure? Consider the following:
- Your purpose/reason for writing the letter –for example, if you are writing a referral letter for a patient with a SPECIFIC condition (e.g hip replacement) then you should only include the relevant, important details regarding that complaint (e.g. aspirin given, dressings applied daily, etc.)
- Your audience – think about who you are writing to and WHAT they already know. For instance, if you are writing to the parents of a young patient, then they will already know her medical background/family background, etc. so you don’t have to include it! However, if you are referring them to a new medical professional, then the medical/family background should be outlined.
- Your current situation –always keep in mind what is going on with the patient/situation at the moment and what role your letter plays in the situation. This will help you to choose the appropriate language and tone to express your letter.
Sometimes you may get 3 pages of case notes and this can seem quite overwhelming. By considering the things I have mentioned above, I hope you can confidently break the case notes down into a well-written letter.
Carol, OET teacher
Some Stories About Our Japanese Course 17
Hi everyone, 皆さん、こんにちは。
My Japanese classes/lessons included the practices to develop speaking, reading, listening, writing, interacting, constructing and performing dialogues or speech apart from cultural and social issues and concepts. As usual, we used textbooks, pictures, ads, children’s books, magazines (including cooking ones), CDs, videos, DVDs, songs etc.
As for performing their own dialogues, the class, Beginners 2, esp. James and Yvonne did very well. The dialogue was at a shop and the contents were funny or distinctive. And they used an apple for the play. James perfectly spoke the dialogue from his memory and Yvonne relatively well spoke from her memory. Well done.
One of the books that I got excited and used in classes was “Raion –no Kazoku”. That is a beautiful and educational picture story book of a lion family (big family with many relatives!) that are in Fuji Safari Park). The whole book was made with pictures taken at the above large Park with the experts. All the lions shown are gorgeous. They look more neat, content and relaxed than lions in Africa or somewhere else. I said to my classes that those lions were ones of the luckiest lions in the world. I checked websites of Fuji Safari Park. There are many websites. The Park is in Shizuoka prefecture and about 2 hours taken from Tokyo. The huge park is right facing Mt Fuji and all those animals can enjoy exquisite Mt Fuji in daily life and are fed with well balanced food. (What great animal life!) One of the website, Images of Fuji Safari Park has “many” pictures of plenty of kinds of animals. If you like animals (like me), you will greatly enjoy them. The Park is open 24 hours/day. It has night time ride (about 50 minutes will be taken per course) and you can see the night time life of many animals. The Park is very scientific minded and there are many species of animals that are not heard in general. If you visit Japan, it will be one of excellent places to visit (seeing Mt Fuji and enjoying the Park in one package!) Last year the Park had 4 gorgeous lion cubs’ births. That took many Japanese people’s hearts.
In recent media, I heard the current Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe’s (the Liberal Democratic Party) earned 70% at the opinion poll. That is excellent. You have never seen such positive one in recent years among Japanese political leaders.
Related to a film, Japanese NHK TV news recently reported that the foreign film, Les Miserable earned the highest ticket sales (highest record) at cinemas in Japan, among foreign movies. Later, when I was watching “Late Show” of D. Letterman, Hugh Jackman was the guest speaker. He mentioned his trip to Japan. He said he climbed Mt Fuji with his son. (He said climbing the mountain takes two days.) When they almost reached the top, his son was asleep and Jackman had to carry his son to go to the top. What an amazing man and actor of young, challenging spirit! (I respect Jackman enormously as well as D. Day-Lewis!) I am sure there must be a big number of Jackman fans in Japan without a doubt.
There were a few delightful emails from previous students about my course and what they learned was very useful to their trips in Japan that included having learnt Hiragana script. That was very encouraging and nice to hear.
Japanese Teacher, Toshiko Jackson
5.3.13
Latest CommentsOften when we plan for a move, we are so worried about large and expensive items that forget about little things. Your movers should know what to expect when they arrive at your home.
What You Should Tell Your Movers
Checking reviews is a very helpful tool in selecting a moving company. Reviews are one of the best ways to see the quality of movers. Look for outside reviews as well as licenses and certificates.
Moving Reviews
Moving prices depend on many factors such as time of the year, the day of the month, and school-year. If you want to save on your move, you need to pick the right time to move.
Cheapest Time To Move
Have you ever wondered what are the responsibilities and duties of the company who want to hire? Here is something about how movers work.
What Movers Do
Do you know that small jobs are not at all cheaper than moving big and heavy items? It's because local companies charge for a minimum number of hours or minimum cubic feet.
How to Move Small Loads
Moving companies in Helendale, California - Local Movers
Dependable Storage LLC 26736 Jordan Rd, Helendale, CA 92342 760-952-1233Welcome to the Cozumel Scuba Fest Photo Contest! The objective of this amazing competition is promoted Cozumel and the talent of the photographers that visit this destination. This is a fantastic promotional tool that will be share by our Ocean Lovers.
Payment via PayPal with the email address: [email protected] Or 10% discount cash payment at the Dive Shops members of the Cozumel Scuba Fest More info on dive shops here.
Photographs must not have frames, borders, watermarks, texts or captions.
No modifications with Photoshop or any other editing program such as inserted or removed from the original photograph items will be accepted. Photographs that have participated in other contest are not accepted.
Send each image in two formats to addresses below:
1) JPG 300 DPI and RAW
2) Duplicate printed, size 40 cm x 30 cm, without border, mate photographic paper.
Both digital and printed versions must be clearly identified with:
- Digital via email to [email protected].
- Print via courier or registered postal airmail to: (5 to 7 maximum delivery days)
CARIBE MAYA A.C.
Av 15 entre 12 y 14 Núm. 960 Int. 101B
Colonia Centro
Cozumel 77600, Quintana Roo, México
Images that do not meet the requirements established will be rejected. And there will be no refund of registration fee.
Images will become the property of the Cozumel Scuba Fest and may be used by the organizing Committee for promotional proposes, mentioning at all times the photographers name by a watermark. The winning photographs of the firs, second and third place may not participate in any other contests.
Judges will qualify: Quality, framing, light, color, composition, time of capture, degree of difficulty, originality and creativity.
Please fill the form per each photo you will share with us.JavaScript is not enabled!
For information on how to enable Javascript on your browser click here
SHAKE all ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled glass.
Celery stick
Sake adds an interesting dimension to the traditionally vodka based Bloody Mary.
Approximately £0.00 per cocktail *
Add to basket
* price per cocktail is an estimate based on the cost of making one cocktail with the above selected ingredients.
Red Snapper
SHAKE all ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled glass. Serve with straws.
Bloody Mary (Difford's recipe)
MUDDLE pepper in base of shaker. Add other ingredients, ROLL rather than shake with ice and strain into ice-filled glass. (Use double frozen ice freshly from freezer to fill......
Sometimes described as a rice wine, sometimes as a rice beer, sake shares qualities of both. It is fermented from specially developed rice and water by brewmasters (‘toji’).....This has been such a game changer for us. We have seen such an improvement in his behaviour that it is driving us to keep at it and stay confident that he will completely turn around.
Just this morning when I dropped him at the sitters, it hit home. He walked up to a little one and touched his face and gave him a hug. Before the the SleepWell Baby program, he would have stolen that little guys toy and ran to push someone else. He is SO HAPPY! He tells us he loves us, and shows so much affection toward us now. His independent play has improved, and just his overall well being. My sister came for coffee yesterday and she noticed a huge difference. She couldn’t believe how much happier he was. This makes us so happy 🙂
I love your sleep sack tip. We had him in one when he was in the crib so I am going to look for a bigger one for him. I may even have one made with tractors on it so that he is pumped to wear it. (Little farm boys are a tough sell sometimes!)
I have been singing your praises here in Ontario, so you may see a couple calls come in. Our vet was here vaccinating the horses last week and he was very interested in how this whole sleep program works. He has a six month old that isn’t sleeping. I told him to give you guys a call!
Anyway Teresa, thanks again, and I will email you in a month or so to let you know how it’s going.Estate planning, probate, estate administration, and Medicaid applications are just a few of the services that we offer Woodside residents. Whether you need a simple will or a complex trust to shelter your assets from Medicaid or other creditors, we have the expertise necessary to help you reach your goals. Our rates are reasonable and our client satisfaction rate is second to none. We are experienced in drafting living wills, powers of attorney, health care proxies, last will and testaments, revocable living trusts, Medicaid trusts, and other complex legal documents.
We work hard to make sure that your loved ones get as much of your inheritance as possible by minimizing estate taxes and/or Medicaid recovery and liens.
At The Law Offices of Roman Aminov, clients looking for an estate lawyer in Woodside or will & trust attorney are given all the time they need to understand exactly what needs to be done in planning for the future.
The Law Offices of Roman Aminov is proud to offer the our area with the finest estate planning, probate, estate administration, & elder law services.
For a free consultation to discuss your probate law needs in Woodside, please contact The Law Offices of Roman Aminov at (347)766-2685 or by clicking here.
Issues That Should Be Considered In An Estate Plan
It can be very difficult for some people to look into the future and plan their life accordingly. Some people struggle with the thought of growing older and eventually needing support from other people to live. As terrifying as these thoughts might be, it would be even more terrifying to be facing that situation without having prepared a plan for it. While still in a sound state of mind, it is best to consider possible scenarios that can occur and be prepared for it. When creating an estate plan with the help of an attorney, the following situations should be planned for:
Medical decisions
These are especially important to be made while people are still in a sane disposition. This includes designating power of attorney to a close loved one for making decisions about medical treatment in case a person becomes incapacitated or loses the ability to make sound decisions. If you should eventually suffer from dementia you will be grateful that you at least got to choose someone you know you can trust to care for you.
Mobility issues
With aging comes the deterioration of our senses and acuity. There may come a time when you become unfit to operate a vehicle. If it comes to that, alternate arrangements should be prepared so that you don’t lose your independence. Driving aside, you may eventually require the use of a wheelchair to get around. You will want to be in an environment that appropriately supports your transportation needs, including being wheel-chair accessible.
Woodside Estate issues and the people responsible for them
Most people immediately think about how they want to distribute their assets to their heirs. There are many issues that need to be considered before you can leave assets to your beneficiaries. Estate taxes need to be accounted for, debts and liabilities settled, and documents validated. One of the most important things you need to consider is who you would like to be the executor of your will. This responsibility dictates that your wishes will be fulfilled in accordance to your instructions. You also need to think about to whom you will bestow power of attorney to for financial and legal decisions, whether you are alive or not.
End-of-life concerns
These issues need to be discussed early on so that your family will know what to do in the worst case scenario. If you wish to create a do-not-resuscitate order to avoid being in a vegetative state, this should be dictated in your estate planning. Your funeral arrangements, designated persons for power of attorney, and other things should be arranged.
Making plans for worst case scenarios is generally not a pleasant thought. However, should these challenging situations ever happen to you, you would be much better off if you had prepared for it. When talking about your plans for the future with your spouse, children, or parents, it might be easier to have an estate planning attorney around to guide you through the process and make your planning experience much easier for you.
Some interesting facts about the area:
From Wikipedia:
Woodside is a middle.
You can click here for a nice Legal & Courts Google Map for Woodside NY. This will come in handy for those who need it.Every child, everywhere, is at risk of sexual abuse.
Although we all want to protect our kids from sex crimes, subconsciously we believe that they are not at a large risk of sexual abuse because “those crimes happen to other children.” Yet the statistics about child sexual abuse are terribly alarming. 10 percent of all children (one in seven girls and one in 25 boys) will be sexually abused before their 18th birthday.
According to the National Center for Victims of Crime:
- Girls are more likely to experience sexual abuse – one in five girls and one in 20 boys is a victim of child sexual abuse. The statistics are probably worse because most child sex abuse goes unreported.
- The most vulnerable age is between ages seven and 13.
- Up to 20 percent of adult females (and 10 percent of adult males) have memories of sexual abuse incidents.
Most parents whose children have been victims of sexual abuse rarely suspect a thing. It obviously doesn’t help that most offenders are related to, or close to, the victims’ families. According to the evidence, only 14 percent of child abuse victims are abused by someone unknown to them. This makes the fight against child sexual abuse harder because it’s more difficult for family members or close friends to be perceived as potential offenders, and it’s also harder for abused children to speak out.
The hardest thing for parents is that there is no foolproof way to protect your child from sex crimes. Although no evidence to date suggests that educating your child about sexual abuse will stop abuse, there is proof that children can be taught skills and knowledge to help them identify risky situations and prevent abuse.
According to one study, children who receive sexual abuse education are six to seven times more likely to demonstrate protective behavior in simulated situations. Yet another study has found that children taught by their parents about sexual abuse are better able to recognize inappropriate touch requests and have better personal safety skills compared to those taught by their teachers alone. Naturally, the most effective approach is getting both teachers and parents involved.
Tips to protect your child before abuse starts:
1 | Get vocal about sexual abuse
It is not because we keep things away from our kids that those things go away. The best way to protect your kid from sexual abuse is to talk about it, and the earlier the better. Our kids need to be aware of what inappropriate conduct is, just as they need to know what inappropriate contact is. Sexual abuse also involves issues such as exposure and exposure to child pornography so they need to know about them.
It’s never too early to start talking to kids about inappropriate conduct. There is evidence that younger children learn more and better than older kids. It’s also important to bust the “stranger danger myth” with your child. Teach your kid what parts of their bodies are off limits to everyone – family and friends included.
2 | Overcome taboos
When children are taught about their genitalia, they have more positive feelings about these body parts. How do you refer to your child’s genitalia? Vulva, vagina, dick, penis, jolly stick, privates, genitals, fountain of love? Get comfortable saying those words around your child.
Naturally, you just don’t spill out the words in the middle of dinner – you find the right occasion and the right time to talk about them. As your daughter is taking her shower, you talk to her about her vulva and talk about all the body parts that no else but her can touch. You also teach her that if someone tries to touch her, she should tell them to “stop touching my vagina.” Many offenders do not expect children to be vocal about their genitalia so this could help stop them in their tracks. This might work because contrary to common belief, the majority of offenders are not “strongly motivated to offend” but rather take advantage of “easy bait.”
3 | Monitor online predators
The Internet has become a dangerous place for kids. An increasing number of predators are now using it to get into contact with children. Install parental controls. Talk to you child about these predators. Explain to your kids why it’s important not to disclose personal information on the Net.
4 | No “secrets” or “games” around genitalia
Teach your kid that he or she must share with you any secret or game that involves the genitals. To make it easier for your child to speak out, try using a “personal code.” For instance “something fishy happened” can be a code to tell you that he or she experienced inappropriate contact.
Kids also need to know that they will be listened to and that they will be believed. Very few reports of abuse are false. When you develop a positive and open relationship with your child, he or she is more likely to come to you so it’s important to improve how you communicate. Remember that when your child comes to you about a sexual abuse issue, how you react will determine how much he or she will disclose. Keep calm. Listen. Ask questions. Don’t respond emotionally.
5 | Adopt an open-door policy
Over 80 percent of sexual abuse cases occur in one-on-one situations and involve someone the family trusts. By adopting an open-door policy, you can drastically reduce the risk of abuse.
Leave the door open when your child is online in his bedroom. If your child has individual lessons, privilege open spaces. There is a reduced risk of abuse when potential offenders know they can be easily observed. Choose group activities whenever you have a choice.
6 | Talk after outings
When you ask your kid how his outing was, he’ll say, “fine.” Or “awesome.” Or “good.” But he won’t give you details so you need to know how to ask to make him open up and talk about how the outing really was.
Remember that the objective is to get the most information out of him without making it seem like a suspect interview. Ask specific questions. To get ideas of questions you can ask other than “how was your day,” check out the post 30 Questions to Ask Your Kid Instead of “How Was Your Day?”
It’s also important to be attentive to your child’s reactions. Does he or she suddenly seem uncomfortable around certain people? Find out why.
While we might be able to teach our kids about sexual abuse, it is also important to teach them that the responsibility for preventing abuse does not lie on their shoulders. Kids should never be made to feel guilty for failing to prevent sexual abuse.
Additional resources to help:
Pingback: What to do When Fear Drives Your Parenting -()Michigan in the Civil War
Browse by Name: Buchanan, John C.
Buchanan family.
This collections is available online.
The papers of this Grand Rapids, Mich., family include eighty-nine letters(1861-1864) written by John C. Buchanan to his wife Sophia Bingham Buchanan, while he was serving as first lieutenant in Company D, 8th Michigan Infantry.Many of the letters are almost sermons and philosophical essays about his home and family, religion, his country and the war and its leaders. Others are detailed descriptions of camps and camp life, such as Seabrook plantation in South Carolina and its Negroes, James Island and its reptiles; his quarters and food; sea transports; marches, skirmishes and battles with the Army of the Potomac in the Maryland campaign and around Fredericksburg. Letters written to Buchanan are found in the Bingham family collection.
This collection is available on microfilm for interlibrary loan.vivienlacourba has just submitted a new pull request for: == [WIP] Trigger echidna automatic publications using Travis == As pointed out by @dontcallmedom for the DECISION uri > I think we need a decision that would have been sent to public-webrtc See on Tuesday, 8 March 2016 17:21:25 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Monday, 23 October 2017 15:19:48 UTCSALES LETTER COPYWRITER (1)
Budget $30-100 USD
Need a strong yet creative and compasionate sales copywriter with a strong track record for our marketing campaign. (1)
We hired one person from our post of last week and are excited to be working with Anncherian as one of the two desired writers. Her sample work was solid and she bid in the range we anticipated paying.
JDO if you would like to bid we would also be interested in working with you.
Again, The writer must be experienced in e-marketing writing.
The writer must be able to creatively write fresh and alive copy from the heart and a place of conviction about personal wellness as well as get action. Knoweldge or interest in one or more mainstream alternative healing modalities and/or Rumi poetry would be an asset.
This copy only job will involve an initial 1 page e-letter to go to selected recipients to inform them of the new member based service - to get them to the web site and to inspire action. Plus 2 follow up e-letters to re-inforce and/or re-inspire/follow up on the original letter. (your knowelege and follow up content expertise on how to do this is expected).
Samples required.
thanks
6 freelancers are bidding on average $73 for this job
If you're serious about good quality copywriting let me know. I'll give a couple more details in PMB>
Interested professional copywriter web based productions - great turnaround great results enough said !Cambridge Medical Robotics to move to Evolution Business Park as it plots further growth
PUBLISHED: 07:24 11 January 2018
An artist's impression of the new Cambridge Medical Robotics (CMR) premises at Evolution Business Park, between Milton and Impington
ILIFFE
Company developing Versius surgical robot is building new HQ between Milton and Impington
Fast-growing Cambridge Medical Robotics (CMR) is to move to larger headquarters at the newly-developed Evolution Business Park.
The company, which is developing a next-generation surgical robot called Versius, has more than doubled in size in the past year and now employs more than 140. It expects to grow “significantly” in 2018.
CMR will develop a new 42,000 square foot building at the business park off Butt Lane, between Milton and Impington, to house all its team – including engineering, research, manufacturing, clinical and commercial teams – under one roof.
The site will also include laboratories, test and final assembly facilities and a demonstration operating room.
There it will showcase Versius, which features a design inspired by the human arm to offer great dexterity, flexibility and reach to meet the needs of laparpscopic surgery.
Existing surgical robots are very large and expensive. But Versius is more compact, designed to be used across a range of surgical specialities and is set to make minimal access, or keyhole, surgery available to all. More than 150 patents have been filed in its development, including for its four-axis wrist joint., which expects the new building to be complete within a year, is currently based at the Crome Lea Business Park in Madingley.
Formed in 2014, the company is supported by specialist and generalist investors. Global revenues for robot-assisted minimal access surgery are $4billion now and anticipated to reach $20billion by 2025.
Six million people undergo open surgery each year but the use of robot-assisted minimally-invasive techniques could speed up recovery times and reduce the risk of infection.
Versius’ ergonomic console design will also allow surgeons to work in a way that reduces physical and mental effort – another challenge with existing technology.
CMR was named one of 2017’s Fierce 15 medtech companies by leading industry title Fierce MedTec in September and one of Virgin Media’s top 10 Business Disruptors in the UK in December.
It won the medtech scale-up category in the Cambridge Independent’s 2017 Entrepreneurial Science and Technology Awards. 3 Likes
Started this discussion. Last reply by Adrian Aug 6, 2014. 6 Replies 0 Likes
Job%20ad%20final%20NSW.pdfContinue
Started this discussion. Last reply by mikesbytes Jun 26, 2014. 1 Reply 0 Likes
a thank you to the mayor Clr Jo Haylenjhaylen@marrickville.nsw.gov.auwouldn't go amiss ,Continue
Comment Wall (3 comments)
Hi Kerry,
I dig your pic, it looks just like mine!
We must never meet on a night ride or we'll never recognise each other. Maybe should start a group called Shadowy Characters or something; I notice quite a few have been photographically inspired by cycling shadows
Hi again! :-D
You need to be a member of Sydney Cyclist to add comments!
Join Sydney Cyclist.. The full-scale INTERSTROKE study included an additional 20000 individuals from 32 countries in Europe, Asia, America, Africa and Austral.”
Three key messages can be drawn from this study.
1. stroke is a highly preventable disease globally, irrespective of age and sex.
2. the relative importance of modifiable risk factors and their PAR necessitates the development of regional or ethnic-specific primary prevention programmes, including priority settings such as focusing on risk factors contributing most to the risk of stroke in a particular region (as determined by PAR).
3..”
SOURCES – Eurekalert, LancetIntroduction:
Dal is very good for health and a good source of protein for all you non-meat eaters. This is very easy, simple and yet delicious and my all time comfort food with rice.
Ingredients:
- Boiled and mashed toor dal
- 1 green chilli finely chopped
- 1 tsp lime juice
- finely chopped corriandar leaves
- Oil 4 tsp
- 1 tsp mustard seeds
- 1 tsp cumin seeds
- pinch of asafoetida
- 1/4 tsp turmeric powder
- 2 tsp chopped garlic
- 7 to 8 curry leaves
- salt to taste
Method
- Wash toor dal and pressure cook until soft and mooshy.
- Boil dal again by adding chopped green chillies.
- After boiling the dal, turn off the heat. Now add Lemon juice, salt and corriandar leaves.
- For Tdaka - Heat 4 tsp oil or ghee. Add mustard seeds, cumin seeds, hing, curry leaves and garlic.
- Saute till garlic gets nice golden color. Add slit green chillies.
- Pour tadka over dal and serve hot with rice or roti.
Tag :
Related Recipes
Not Available Related Recipe !So if you guys were not formally aware of this video, please stay tuned for this little guy, known as Kid President. He is an absolutely adorable kid, who is giving us all a well deserved pep talk. I was at work when my white chocolate soul-mate came to me and said, “Hey Black Vanilla, you look like you need a pep talk from Kid President”, ( we don’t really call each other this but we’re going to start tomorrow) I had no idea what she was talking about but after I watched it, my day was literally made. If you follow me on twitter or you’re my Facebook friend, you know I’ve posted this before, however, I feel compelled to do it again.
A site I have come to love, SoulPancake.com, is the breeding ground of spiritual exploration and all for people having fun with life. It’s described as a team of people who create and facilitate so many amazing little projects that get people feeling good and making connections. I love them and I hope after this video you will too !
So I ask you guys….what will you do to make this world awesome? Leave your answer below.
– NaiOnLife© 2017 Not Socks Ltd. Your Go-to Gift Gurus |
Description
A survival kit built for hostile environments. Stick the Ultimate Kit in your backpack and hope your never have to use it. If you do, it has everything you need to survive in even the toughest spots.
The kit includes:
- - a pocket guide contains Bear’s survival essentials.
Shipping Details
Order by 1pm weekdays & your order will be delivered:
- Urgent: Next day
- Standard: 2-3 weekdays
- Rural: 3-5 weekdays
- International: 3-10 weekdaysExclusive first look at Hunger Games: Mockingjay's Rebels
Gallery: Exclusive first look at Hunger Games: Mockingjay's Rebels
- + 5
- + 4
- + 3
'brother.The New Zealand government has pledged $23.3 million (New Zealand dollars) to create a system of mandatory RFID-tagging for all of the country’s farm-raised cattle and deer by 2011. The funding for the biosecurity project will cover its set-up costs, with a new tax likely to be levied to support operational costs.
Under the proposed National Animal Identification and Tracing project, each farm animal will be assigned a unique code that will be stored in a database alongside details such as the age, sex and breed of the animal, its owner, its herd of origin and the identification number of the property on which it is located. The project would also create FarmsOnLine, an online database that will store up-to-date electronic maps of farms along with their contact and stock details.
The system will assist in tracking animals in the event of disease outbreak, but could also be used by farmers to improve farm management, and by retailers to provide consumers with more information about meat’s origin.
The mandatory nature of the system will require new legislation to put it into permanent effect, but officials believe they can get the system up and running before such legislation is passed. Trials of RFID tags are under way at a dozen farms in New Zealand.Sponsored Products
Publisher's Description
From Steven Hiscock: Progress Adviser is a custom formal and informal goal tracking and feedback system. The system includes all staff, applicable for any strategy, and any criteria. Users establish goals, complete walk throughs or formal observations, track data, and print reports. Goals can be established for individual users, school level, and/or district level. Progress Adviser is efficient, easy to use, and affordable! Annual license required, talk to a salesperson today for a custom quote and promotion pricing!
read more +Shikwa wa Jawaab el-Shikwa
Complaint and the Answer to the Complaint
Originally By Allama Muhammad Iqbal.
Mention this Iqbal classic to anyone who has read the classical Arabiy, Farsi and Urdu works and you get this dreamy look in their eyes, as if they’re reminiscing about old times. With good reason: this poem – circa 1918 – is one of his greatest works of written art which forever put him into the hall of famous Muslim thinkers, writers and poets.
As you read the translation below, it may seem like it’s Yoda talking and in fact, I have to confess, reading this translation only makes you realize how crass the English language is when compared to Arabiy, Farsi or Urdu – whether classical or contemporary.
Tha translation I’ve used is that of A. J. Arberry, Sir Thomas Adam’s Professor of Arabic in the University of Cambridge. It is indeed a rare gem that I picked up from a dark corner of an Islamic bookstore and to illustrate its literary power – I was busy typing up the translation late at night when my mother came into my room and asked me what I was doing, so I told her I was writing up Shikwa wa Jawaab el-Shikwa. Her tired eyes immediately lit up as she walked up to my desk with an amazed look on her face, almost as if in a trance, and then picked up the copy of the poem and began to walk away with it. Despite my earnest entreaties that I was just about to finish writing up the first part, she would hear none of it and last I saw, she was happily reclining on her bed with the lamp on, reading the poem – her gaze relishing each and every word of the acclaimed wordsmith.
The poem follows a format wherein the Shikwa (complaint) is written in the style of a servant complaining to his master, a servant who has been blinded to the core reasons of his own dissatisfaction, and the Jawaab (answer) is written as if it were a reply from the Master Himself. It is quite lengthy and the first part manages to cover as topics as varied as the original Khyber and the conquests of expansion, to the passion of Qais and Laila.
Part Two will follow later insha’allah.
————-
Why must I forever suffer loss, oblivious to gain,
Why think not upon the morrow, drowned in grief for yesterday?
Why must I attentively heed the nightingale’s lament of pain?
Fellow-bard, am I a rose, condemned to silence all the way?
No; the burning power of song bids me to be bold and not to faint,
Dust be in my mouth, but God – He is the theme of my complaint.
***
True, we are forever, famous for our habit to submit,
Yet we tell our tale of grief, as by our grief we are constrained.
We are but a muted lyre, yet a lament inhabits it
If a sigh escapes our lips, no more can sorrow be contained.
God give ear to the complain of us, Your servants tried and true,
You are used to songs of praise, now hear a note of protest too.
***
In Your everlasting Essence, You were from eternity,
Bright the bloom bedecked the garden, undiffused the scent abode.
Lord of Universal favour, let impartial justice be –
Could the rose’s perfume scatter with no breeze to waft abroad?
Peace of mind and quiet spirit won we of our labours glad,
Else the folk of Your Beloved – should they be accounted mad?
***
Strange indeed was the spectacle of Your world existing before our days.
Here men bowed them down to stones, they paid their reverence to trees.
Only to the visual image was attuned the human gaze –
How could hearts adore a God no eye percipient may seize?
Well you know, was there anywhere to name your Name?
By the Muslim’s strong right arm Your purpose to fulfillment came.
***
Though the Seljuks had their empire, the Turanians had their sway,
Though the Chinese ruled in China, the Sassanians in Iran.
Though the Greeks inhabited abroad, fruitful acres in their day,
And the Jews possessed their cubit, and the Christians owned their span.
Who upraised the sword of battle in Your Name’s most sacred cause?
Or who strove to right the ruined world by Your most hallowed laws?
***
It was we, an we alone, who marched Your soldiers to the fight,
Now upon the land engaging, now embattled upon the sea.
The triumphant call to prayer in Europe’s churches to recite,
Through the wastes of Africa to summon men to worship You.
All the glittering splendour of great emperors we reckoned none,
In the shadow of our glinting swords we shouted, “God to One!”
***
All of our life we dedicated to the dire distress of war,
When we died, we died exultant for the glory of Your Name.
Not to win a private empire did we draw the swords we bore,
Was it the quest of riches to Earth’s frontiers that we came?
had our people striven for the sake of worldly goods and gold,
Would they then have shattered idols they might have gainfully sold?
***
We were rocks immovable when in the field we took our stand,
And the bravest warriors by our thrust were swept away.
It sufficed us to enrage, if any gainsaid Your command,
Then we hurled us on their cannons, took their swordpoints but for play.
Into every heart we struck the impress of Your Unity,
And beneath the dagger’s lightning preached the Message, Lord, of Thee.
***
Tell us this, and tell us truly – who uprooted Khyber’s gate?
Or who overthrew the city where great Caesar reigned in pride?
Who destroyed the gods that hands of others laboured to create,
Who, the marshalled armies of the unbelievers drove aside?
Who extinguished from the altars of Iran that sacred flame,
Who revived the dimmed remembrance of Yazdan’s immortal name?
***
Strove there ever another nation in the cause of You alone,
Bore there ever another people battle’s anguish for Your sake?
Whose the sword that seized the world, and ruled it as its very own?
Whose the loud Allahu Akbar that compelled the Earth to wake?
Whose the dread that kept the idols cowering and terrified,
So that, heads cast down and humbled “He is God, the One” they cried?
***
In the press of mortal combat if the hour of worship came,
Then the people of Hejaz, to Makkah turning, bowed in prayer.
King Mahmoud, Ayaz the slave, their rank in service was the same,
Lord and servant – at devotion never difference was there.
Slave and master, rich and needy – all the old distinctions gone,
Unified in the adoration of Your Presence, they were one.
***
In the Hall of Space and Being, at the dawn and eventide,
Circulated we like goblets with the Wine of Faith replete.
Still we roved o’er plain and mountain, spread Your Message far and wide,
Is it known to You, if we ever returned to defeat?
Desert after desert spanning, faring on through sea on sea,
In the Ocean of the Shadows our strong coursers watered we.
***
We erased the smudge of falsehood from the parchment firmament,
We redeemed the human species from the chains of slavery
And we filled the Holy Kabaa with our foreheads humbly bent,
Clutching to our fervent bosoms the Qur’an in ecstasy.
Yet the charge is laid against us we have played the faithless part,
If disloyal we have proved, have You deserved to win our heart?
***
Other creeds claim other peoples and they have their sinners too,
There are lowly men among them and men drunken with conceit.
Some are sluggards, some neglectful, some are vigilant and true,
Multitudes disdain Your Name in loathing utter and complete.
But the showers of Your mercy other thirsting souls assuage,
Only on the hapless Muslims falls the lightning of Your rage.
***
Hark, the idols in the temples shout “The Muslims are no more.”
Jubilant to see the guardians of the Kabaa’s shrine depart.
The world’s inn is emptied of those singing cameleers of yore,
Vanished is their caravan, Qur’an closed pressed to reverent heart.
Disbelief is loud with laughter, are You deaf, indifferent?
Disregard You Your Unity, as if it nothing meant?
***
Not of this are we complaining, that their coffers overflow,
Who have not the wit or grace of converse in society.
But that infidels should own the houris and the palaces – ayb, woe!
While the wretched Muslims must with promises contented be.
Now no more for us Your favours and Your old benevolence –
How and wherefore is Your pristine kindliness departed hence?
***
Why no more are worldly riches among Muslims to be found,
Since Your power is as of old beyond compute and unconfined?
If You will, foaming fountains from the desert’s breast can be bound,
And the rippling mirage may the traveller in the forest blind.
All we have is jeers from strangers, public shame, and poverty –
Is disgrace our recompense for laying down our lives for You?
***
So, is it on others only that the world its love bestows,
We, who walk Your chosen path – to us a phantom world is left.
Be it so, bid us be gone, and the the Earth belong to those,
Yet protest not that the Earth, of Unity, is now bereft.
For no other cause we live but Your remembrance to maintain,
When the saqi is departed, can the wine-cup yet remain?
***
Gone is now the thronged assembly and Your lovers too are gone,
Ended are the midnight sightings, silenced dawn’s deep threnody.
They bestowed their hearts upon You and with their reward passed on,
Scarcely were Your faithful seated when they were dismissed from You.
So your lovers came, so with the promise of “Tomorrow” went –
Now come, seek them with the lantern of Your beauty’s blandishment.
***
Laila’s pangs are still the same, Qais yearns as fiercely as of old,
Still amid the forests and vales of Nejd the fleet deer run.
Beauty rules the same as ever, hearts deep passions still enfold
Still abide the folk of Ahmad, still you are their Lord, the One.
Then what mean Your high displeasure, since its cause is all unknown?
What denotes it, that Your eye is turned in wrath upon Your own?
***
Did we ever shun You, or Arabia’s Messenger forsake?
Did we tire of idol-breaking, and to idol-making turn?
Did we cry an end to passion, growing weary of love’s ache?
Did we quit the path of Salman, cease from Qarni to learn?
Still the fire of “God is Greatest” in our hearts we keep ablaze,
Still Bilal the Abyssinian guides us in our daily ways.
***
It may be that Love’s sweet manners are perchance no more observed,
And the path of acquiescence leads no longer hearts resigned.
Haply the heart’s Qiblah-pointing compass from its course has swerved,
And the ancient law of faithfulness has lost its power to bind.
Yet You too, alas are changed, now us, now others favouring,
Monstrous as it is to say, Your love is such a fickle thing!
***
On the summit of Faran, You made Faith complete and whole,
Took captive hearts a thousand with a single simple sign.
You it was that Love’s quintessence set afire, a blazing coal,
Flamed the assembly with the ardour of Your loveliness divine.
Why is it, that in our bosoms not a spark remains today?
We are still the same burnt chattels what, has You forgotten, pray?
***
In the vale of Nejd no longer may those clanging chains be heard,
Qais no more awaits distracted Laila’s litter to behold.
Vanished are those passionate yearnings, we are dead, our hearts interred,
Gone the light of assembly, the abode is dark and cold.
Joyous day, when You return in Your beauty and grace,
And unbashfully reveal to our gathering Your face!
***
Strangers, sit within the garden, quaffing wine beside the stream,
Glass in hand they sit and listen to the cuckoo song of Spring.
Far from the commotioned meadow we sit silently and dream,
Dream, Your lovers of Your coming and the cry of “He, the King!”
Reawaken in Your moths the eager joy to be aflame,
Bid again the ancient lightnings brand our bosoms with Your Name!
***
Turns anew the wandering people to the Hejaz their bridle-string,
Skyward lifts the wingless nightingale the lilting love of flight.
In the garden every blossom fragrance-drenched is quivering,
Strike the silent lute, long eager for Your plectrum to alight.
String-imprisoned melodies await Your touch to sing in choir!
Sinai is trembling, trembling to be ravished by Your fire.
***
Grant at last Your sore-tried people in their difficulties ease,
Make the ant of little substance peer of Solomon to be.
Love is grown too rare and costly – cheapen its exalted fees,
Turn our India’s temple-squatters into Muslims true to You.
See, the stream of blood is pouring from our griefs, so long suppressed,
Hark, the cry of pain is throbbing in our dagger-riven breast.
***
Now the secret of the garden by the rose’s scent is spread,
Shame it is, the garden’s blossoms should themselves the traitor play!
Now the garden’s Lyer is broken, and the rose’s bloom-time sped,
And the minstrels of the garden from their twigs have winged away.
Yet one nightingale sings on there, rapt by his own melody,
In his breast the plangent music tosses still tempestuously.
***
All the ring-doves from the branches of the cypresses have flown,
And the petals of the blossoms flutter down and take to flight.
And the garden’s ancient walks how desolate they are and alone,
Ravished of their leafy robes, the boughs stand naked to the light.
Still he sings forlorn, all heedless of the season’s changing mood,
Oh, that someone in the garden his sad anthem understood!
***
Life is joyless now, and death no comfort promises to bring,
To remember ancient sorrows is the sole delight I know.
In the mirror of my mind what gems of thought are shimmering,
In the darkness of my breast what shining revelations glow!
Yet no witness in the garden may the miracle attest,
Not a tulip there lies bleeding with a brand upon its breast.
***
Break, hard hearts, to hear the carol of this nightingale forlorn,
Wake, dull hearts, to heed the clamour and the clangour of this bell.
Rise, dead hearts, by this new compact of fidelity reborn,
Thirst, dry hearts, for the old vintage whose sweet tang you knew so well.
Though the jar was cast in Persia, in Hejaz the wine first flowed,
And though Indian the song be, from Hejaz derives the mode.
***
Did anyone actually read the whole thing? I stopped after the first three lines… :S
I put it up because its a very nice *but very long* poem and I don’t really expect anyone to read the whole thing. The beauty of the original prose is of course, that it maks you want to read on and on … while with the translation that’s not necessarily true.
Not half as good in English, as it is in Urdu…
So, my mom walks into the room and she stabs an accusing finger at the little booklet and she goes “This translation is not right” and I say “Yeah, I know” – and then proceeded to point out the explanation given by the translator as to why the translation was inaccurate [sic] in some places.
So my mom walks away saying :
“Itney piyaree nazam? Aur uske translation bilkul buckwaas…”
(Such a beautiful poem? And its translation such absolute crap…)
English is so crass. If it were up to me I’d take so many words from Arabiy, farsi and Urdu and add them to the English language. That wouldn’t be such a radical step, seeing as how English has been injected with so many xenolithic words already over the years.
if you are really into iqbal, check this out:
Very Impressive.
My mom’s going to be all over it once I tell her about it, she’ll probably ask me to print out some section every night. Which means I should go stock up on paper and printer ink cartridges …Intel Gettin’ Bloggy With It, Launches Web 2.0 ApplicationNov 7th, 2006 | By Elisabeth Lewin | Category: General, Podcasting Software
Intel Corporation announced at the Web 2.0 Conference today that it is collaborating with several software companies on the launch of SuiteTwo, a set of business software applications.
The integrated suite is being billed as “a family of interconnected services combined to improve productivity and enable high-engagement marketing,” comprised of applications from software companies including Six Apart (Movable Type blogging software – founder Mena Trott pictured, right), Socialtext, NewsGator, SimpleFeed and SpikeSource.
Intel officials see the SuiteTwo launch representing “a fundamental shift toward open, flexible and participatory computing models,” encouraging internal collaboration and external, high-engagement marketing. It includes Web applications that include blogging, RSS, search and Wiki capabilities in a single, fully integrated suite (PC only, no Mac version). All services are integrated with a single sign-on and rich user interface. Future releases of SuiteTwo will include podcasting, business networking, mobility and other features, according Intel. Initially, the software suite will be offered in English and Japanese.
The suite will run on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and Microsoft Windows.
Intel Capital, Intel‚Äôs venture capital organization, spearheaded the assembly of this suite, which will be available through OEM and reseller sales channels as well as via participating software partners.
Applications include:
- Socialtext ‚Äì The Socialtext Wiki for secure, group-editable Web sites that let people use private Web pages to work together instead of sending emails and attachments. NewsGator ‚Äì The NewsGator RSS aggregator enables access to news, information, podcasts, video and other relevant content.
- SimpleFeed ‚Äì RSS for syndication of content to external business partners for company communications, including products updates, customer service and support, and company news.
- Movable Type ‚Äì ‚Äì SpikeSource provides the integration platform for SuiteTwo.Chick gets powned by a RC toy
Uploaded 06/28/2008
Pretty funny footage of a chick being hit by an RC toy!
- Share Video
-
-
- REPLAY VIDEO
- Chick gets powned by a RC toy
- NEXT VIDEO
- A very very clever dog!
RELATED MEDIA
The World's Fastest RC Jet Will Blow You Away
Serious Remote Control Toy
Badass RC Truck Can Race On Water
Testing Out The New R/C Copter
Dropping "Toys" In The Ladies Room
Mama Cat Fetches Toy That's Out Of Her Kitten's Reach
Hit By An RC Car Doing 100 Mph!
12-Year-Old Girl Gets Suspended For Selling What The Principal Claimed Were "Sex Toys"
Styrofoam Airplane Test Flight Fail
Dog Tricks Guy Into Playing Fetch
Drunk Racist Chicks Get Thrown Out
Woman Pleasures Herself With Waterjet In Toronto Fountain
Cheater Gets Busted By Her Girlfriend And Side Chick
Funny RC Plane Crash
Elementary Kid Suspended For Lego "Gun"
Twitch Workout Chick Gets Called Out For Hogging Gym Equipment
Punk Rocker Chick Gets A "Make Under"
Dog's Reaction To Squeaky Toy
How Toys Are Made
Agressive Bro Gets Exposed Cheating by His Girlfriend and Side Chick
Autoplay OnNext Video
- Tweet
- Stumble
Embed:
Use old embed code Use new embed code
1 CommentsPICS: #RepealThe8th Protests Are Being Held All Over Europe Today
The Dublin demonstration has kicked off this afternoon
Thousands of people are taking to the streets again this afternoon to call for an immediate referendum on the 8th Amendment, with protests taking place in Dublin, London, Brussells, Warsaw and Berlin.
The 'Rise and Repeal' demonstration kicked off in Dublin City Centre this afternoon, with a massive crowd expected to travel from all over the country to put pressure on the Government to take action.
The #repealthe8th and #marchforchoice have been trending on Twitter all day, here's a snapshot of some of the action...
Repeal the 8th Brussels #repealthe8th #repealbxl @repealglobal pic.twitter.com/MNktrV3ssX— RepealThe8thBxl (@RepealBXL) September 24, 2016
Adults, children, grandparents and even dogs peacefully supporting #repealthe8th #rosariesOUT pic.twitter.com/kc44qYmILq— Stephen O'Dwyer (@stephen_odwyer) September 24, 2016
March is at top of OConnell Street but we have yet to leave the Hugh Lane Gallery #marchforchoice #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/2MBRYSosqW— Mick Caul (@caulmick) September 24, 2016
The front of #arcmarch16 just turned into the quays and we're still waiting to leave from Parnell Square. PHENOMENAL NUMBERS #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/v9vUglijM1— ummm (@theyfra) September 24, 2016
In London right now at the Irish Embassy #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/TqfWRBO7md— Siobhan Donohue (@SiobhanDonohue) September 24, 2016
Ireland you have a mighty special place in my heart but by Jove it felt good to flip the bird to the Irish Embassy in London #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/5ti9bblCug— Kate Kennedy (@katekenners) September 24, 2016
Olga from Poland sharing the polish experience #repealthe8th #CzarnyProtest @RepealBXL pic.twitter.com/0F2cWJ1NPg— Erica Lee (@ericajanelee) September 24, 2016
Love these signs! Hehe! #repealthe8th pic.twitter.com/RfqJkhz8kF— HeLikedTurner (@HeLikedTurner) September 24, 2016
READ NEXT: Everything You Need To Know About Today's March For Choice
John Ellis comes to the production having)..
.
Aug. 18: Free ice cream social, 12:15 p.m. Call 419-691-2254 now to reserve a spot for the ice cream social. Bingo follows.
Aug. 19: Video day, showing The Prince and Me at 12:30 p.m. Free movie, popcorn, and beverage. Call to reserve a place.
Aug. 31: Hawaiian Luau, 11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Cost, $5, includes lunch, games, prizes, cards, bingo, and more. Reservations due by Aug. 27. Call 419-691-2254. information: 1-877-862-1122.
Tuesdays: Beginning line dancing at 10 a.m. in the community center at 319 Toledo St. are served at 11:30 a.m. for a donation of $1.75.
The center may be rented after hours and on the weekends. For more.
Information: 419-693-0751, ext. 217.
LUTHERAN HOME
AT TOLEDO
Assisted Living
2519 Seaman St.
Second Thursdays: Coffee club, 1-2 p.m., with an activity or a speaker at 1:30. Pastries and coffee served.
Information: 419-693-0751, ext. 246.
PERRYSBURG
SENIOR CENTER
140 West Indiana Ave.
Daily: free shuffleboard.
Weekly: cards, games, bingo.
Hot lunches at noon for a donation of $2; a home-delivered lunch can be arranged.
Volunteers with cars needed to deliver noon meals to homebound individuals in the area, day or more per week.
Lifelong learning classes and special programs available.
Information: 419-874-0847.
ROSSFORD
SENIOR CENTER
400 Dixie Hwy.
Programs for seniors 60 and older. Noon lunches on weekdays for a $2 donation; delivery is available for the homebound. Reservations call: 419-666-8494.
Aug. 18: Menu selection ideas with food service director, Angie, 12:30 p.m.
Aug. 30: Movie and popcorn, 12:45 p.m. Suggestions for the movie are welcome.
Aug. 31: Homemade greeting cards, 12:30 p.m. Make one or two cards to take. Registration, $2.: Senior Day at the Wood County Fair, 9 a.m. to 3:10 p.m. in the Junior Fair Building; enter through Gate D off Brim Road. Entertainment, lunch, talent shows, door prize drawing.
Wednesday: Birthday celebration with a game of Win, Lose, or Draw, 12:30 p.m.
Aug. 13: Tic Tac Toe educational game on diabetes, 12:30 p.m.
Aug. 19: Happy Harvest craft, 10 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. or 1 to 2:30 p.m. Create a fall decorative piece. Registration required: 419-260-3228.
Aug. 23: Healthy Snacks, 12:30 p.m. What to make for nutritional snacks.
Aug. 25: Memory and Aging, 12:45 p.m. Information and other related issues.
Mondays: One Stroke painting classes, 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. at $20 per class. Call 419-260-3228 to register..
Transportation to the center provided for Walbridge, Millbury, Moline and Northwood senior citizens. Call 419-260-3228 the day before for a reservation. to those who live at home and can no longer walk or self-propel a manual wheelchair..G 1268 LIMITED has been working since 7/4/2014. The current status of the business is Active - Proposal to Strike off G 1268 LIMITED located on WINSTON CHURCHILL HOUSE, ETHEL STREET, BIRMINGHAM, WEST MIDLANDS, ENGLAND, B2 4BGDirector Poon Simon Yuen Choi is known as a Director of the company. Director Lin Ya Ling is known as a Director of the company. Chen Xing Xing is known as a Secretary of the company. Due date of the next annual return is 4/4/2016 12:00:00 AM.A  tumors of cancer patients.
"This is a tool that is currently available to very few scientists across America," Pagel said. "So we have recently collaborated with the Barrow Neurological Institute and other sites in Phoenix to implement our methods in their research centers.."
Explore further:
Will my breast cancer spread? Discovery may predict probability of metastasis
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.Managing your time efficiently is one way to improve yourself. You need to figure out how to get better at time management if you’re currently overwhelmed. This article is full of helpful ways to manage.
If you habitually run late, take special note of deadlines and appointment times. When you see that a deadline is coming up quickly, you may sacrifice other priorities and delay everything else. If you remain on track with time and deadlines, you won’t neglect or rush to finish anything.
Learn how to say no. A lot of people are stressed just because they aren’t sure how to decline when they are asked for something. If that starts to happen to you, examine your current schedule. Can you get help from anyone else? Ask your family and friends for help..
Make sure that you create a list of things to accomplish. Begin the day by starting at the first item on your list and working your way down to the bottom. If you cannot remember all the tasks on your list, make a copy and carry it with you. a to-do list in your pocket. This keeps you on top of your tasks. Some of the tasks that you must complete are stressful. This can make you forget the other tasks on your list, and that causes you to get behind. Keeping your list with you at all times can make a world of difference in these situations.
Group errands together for efficiency. Taking care of two things at once saves time. When it is time to pick someone up, leave a bit early and try to get another errand out of the way when you go..
Don’t let people talk you into things you don’t want to do. When you do things you don’t want to do, not only do you dread them, but you are wasting time you could spend on something else. Realize that you only have one life, and it cannot always be spent doing what others want instead of you.
Not having the time to finish the jobs they need to get done can make life a little crazy for many people. Thankfully, you just came across a great article that has many proven strategies on how to slow each day down in order to complete all the things that are necessary. Study these tips frequently so you don’t forget any.Join only the BEST in Network Marketing, Join Royale!Yesterday the market opened flat but rallied hard during the first five minutes of the day. It pulled back to set a morning low at the 10.00 reversal time and then rallied hard to set the high of the day at the 10.30 reversal time. The market went sideways throughout lunch and began to break down at the 1.30 reversal time. It fell very hard during the last hour of the trading day to close leaving a small red bar with a big topping tail on the daily chart. The SPY was identical.
We noted yesterday that any rally to the local 106.50 area would likely die in that area. It did just that and the market pullback toward the end of the day leaving a big red bar on the hourly chart. There is support anywhere from “2” up to the general area that the market closed at yesterday. The hourly uptrend is still in place, the stiff pullback simply compensated for a very strong two day rally. The expectation is for the hourly stage II to continue although prices may see some resistance is they reach “1” because it is not only found on the hourly chart, but on the daily as well.A couple of months ago, Drew “graduated” to a big boy bed. In all honesty, it’s really a small little bed that is just too cute for words. 🙂 Drew loved his bed! He sits on it when he wants his pacifiers, plays on his bed during quiet time, and pushes it all around his bedroom when he’s playing. 🙂
But there was one small problem with it. The sides of the bed allowed his pacifiers to fall out of the bed and onto the floor in the middle of the night. Drew would wake up, not find his pacifier, and in a half asleep state begin to cry. This would, of course, wake us up and Tim would have to get up and go settle him back down. This would happen 2-5 times every night.
So we decided that something needed to be done. We wanted a bumper to go around the sides of his bed and we priced them at Target at around $20. Not too bad. But I did not want to spend the money on a bumper because we already have one. It’s just packed away in one of tons of boxes waiting to see the light of day again whenever we buy our house. In other words…I have no idea where it is. 🙂
But…in the interest of being able to sleep through the entire night, we agreed that we needed to buy another bumper. So we planned to go back to Target one evening when Tim got home from work. However, that night Tim worked late (as in past Drew’s bedtime) and I started trying to figure out a creative alternative. And this is what I came up with.
It doesn’t look the prettiest, but it gets the job done. The first night after doing this Drew did not wake up once. And we saved ourselves $20 in the process.
My only caution would be to make sure the blankets are woven in there pretty tight so that they don’t come loose in the middle of the night. 🙂
Since writing this post, Tim found our “real” bumper. 🙂 I am SO GLAD we did not spend that $20 on a new one. 🙂
Make do bumpers definitely work for me!
~ Carrie ~Similar Content
- By milesmiles902
The December picture of the month winner is: TheClark - The tang specialist.
- By milesmiles902
Happy 2018!
Let's start off the new year with a bit of democracy!
Poll closes: Monday January 8th at 12 am.
- By milesmiles902
The winner is: Stylaster
- By milesmiles902
Alrighty everyone! It's that time of the month.
Get those votes in!
-: Any photo from the family Acanthuridae, i.e. surgeonfishes, tangs and unicronfish.
Deadline:
January 1stExceptional property with a large garden offering great privacy. It is classic and contemporary, meticulously renovated and redesigned on one floor. It is located in a quiet neighborhood on the outskirts of Barcelona.
Fabulous living room, dining room, gourmet kitchen equipped with laundry area. With three double bedrooms, all en suite with ensuite bathroom. The master bedroom has a large walk-in closet and full bathroom.
The garden is extensive with outdoor areas, chillout covered with natural sand, beautiful pines and Mediterranean vegetation.
Extra equipment: air conditioning in the day area, gas heating, double glassware, alarm with cameras, water catchment with deposit, automatic gate. It also has an additional wooden module for multiple.Editor’s note: Each of the following items were taken from police reports at the separate law enforcement agencies.
Columbia Police
Department
Sunday, April 16
Tyler James Barr, 20, 1000 Walden Creek Trace, Spring Hill, was arrested and charged with possession of Schedule VI drugs for resale in a drug-free zone, possession of Schedule II drugs for resale in a drug-free zone and unlawful drug paraphernalia. He remained in the Maury County Jail on Monday in lieu of a $5,500 bond.
Trevor Raymone Covington, 38, 1010 S. Glade St., Columbia, was arrested and charged with being a habitual motor vehicle offender, driving on revoked. He was jailed and released on a $3,000 bond.
Friday, April 14
Rayon Jawan Locke, 20, 1610 Jennifer Drive, Columbia, was arrested and charged with theft over $1,000 and a capias for a theft over $1,000. He was jailed and released on a $15,000 bond.
Columbia Fire
Department
Sunday, April 16
2:17 a.m., EMS call, 1310 Rosewood Drive
10:27 a.m., EMS call, 830 Eastland Drive
12:06 p.m., Motor vehicle accident with no injuries, South James M. Campbell Boulevard and Alpine Drive
12:45 p.m., EMS call, 1500 Tom J. Hitch Parkway
1:53 p.m., EMS call, 406 Brierwood Drive
3:11 p.m., EMS call, 105 W. 7th St.
9:02 p.m., Building fire, 1525 Bradshaw Drive
Saturday, April 15
12:08 a.m., Medical assist, assist EMS crew, 1310 Rosewood Drive
2:32 a.m., EMS call, 702 E. 9th St.
3:41 a.m., EMS call, 206 Osage Trail
9:52 a.m., EMS call, 300 Wayne St.
10:45 a.m., EMS call, 211 W. 8th St.
2:43 p.m., Motor vehicle accident with no injuries, 100 E. 8th St. and South Main Street
6:03 p.m., EMS call, 2101 Brookmeade Drive
7:11 p.m., Passenger vehicle fire, 200 E. 18th St. and Carmack Boulevard
7:57 p.m., Passenger vehicle fire, 100 Cloverdale Drive
Friday, April 14
5:59 a.m., No incident found on arrival at dispatch address, 129 Brannon Court
7:50 a.m., Medical assist, assist EMS crew, 1101 Morningside Drive
9:10 a.m., EMS call, 312 E. 17th St.
10:22 a.m., Medical assist, assist EMS crew, 212 Westover Drive
10:42 a.m., EMS call, 304 McMeen Circle
11:40 a.m., Extinguishing system activation due to malfunction, 854 W. James M. Campbell Blvd.
1:27 p.m., EMS call, 2500 Moore Court
1:41 p.m., Grass fire, 2517 Trotwood Ave.
7:15 p.m., EMS call, 4015 Knud Drive
10:07 p.m., EMS call, 606 McMeen Circle
10:34 p.m., EMS call, 1906 Overton Drive
Thursday, April 13
8:18 a.m., EMS call, 725 S. James M. Campbell Blvd.
12:31 p.m., EMS call, 5021 Trotwood Ave.
1:38 p.m., Passenger vehicle fire, 1390 Hampshire Pike
5:31 p.m., Motor vehicle accident with injuries, 1366 Bear Creek Pike and Nicholson Schoolhouse Road
5:44 p.m., Medical assist, assist EMS crew, 903 E. Valley Drive
6:02 p.m., Dispatched and cancelled en route, 101 Todd Carter Road
7:27 p.m., Dispatched and cancelled en route, 1955 Union Place
8:52 p.m., EMS call, 406 W. Willow St.I probably could’ve made this list pretty long, but here are just a few gift ideas for her, including a couple local-made items in the mix.
Saw and Branch Charm Necklace from ChainChainChained
House Pillow from Curiosity Shoppe
Detroit Map Votive Candles from City Bird
Vintage Suitcase from Purse N’ Bootz
Trevor
AdvertisementsAlex Dimchev
Alex Dimchev is a writer, editor, and weapons master for EUscoop.com
Sofia, Bulgaria -
The President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker expressed support for the Bulgarian place in the European Council in 2018 and the country’s future within the European Union.
Juncker also said that he values Bulgaria’s dedication to the cause of the EU, with an entire generation growing up since the country joined in 2007, eleven years ago. Still, Bulgaria hasn’t been incorporated into the Schengen zone, the next logical step for making the country a full member of the Union.
“Bulgaria did its job and covered all the requirements for Schengen, her joining should happen as soon as possible.
Another hot topic surrounding the Union is whether the Balkans are going to go West, East, or stay where they are. The Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov often talks about how Bulgaria can offer help to the Western Balkans in their path to the European Union. Juncker said: “Due to its experience, Bulgaria can offer guidance to its neighbors. You [Bulgarians] have gone through this path and created a success story.” The leaderс of several Balkan countries are going to meet in Sofia on 17 May, 2018.
Alex Dimchev
Alex Dimchev is a writer, editor, and weapons master for EUscoop.comBirths
St. Charles Mercy Hospital
Cari and Steven Racz, Oregon, girl, Thursday.
Anna Brogan Knight and Thomas Knight, Maumee, girl, Tuesday.
Amber Marie Ivan, Oregon, girl, Thursday.
Rebecca and Shawn Biesiada, Perrysburg, girl, Wednesday.
St. Luke s Hospital
Karla Rowa, Perrysburg, girl, Thursday.
Flower Hospital
Jennelle Scharolt, Toledo, girl, Tuesday.
St. Vincent Mercy Medical Center
Nichole and Samuel Adams, Toledo, girl, Thursday.
Kristanika Brenson, Toledo, girl, Thursday.
Katie and Chris Collins, Toledo, boy, Wednesday.
Kimberly Ann Edwards and Marc Ernest Savage, Toledo, boy, Thursday.
Laura and Ryan Eckel, Toledo, girl, Friday.
Susan Mruk, Toledo, girl, Friday.
Emily and Chris Slaght, Toledo, girl, Monday.
Brittany Staerker, Toledo, girl, Thursday.
Bay Park Community Hospital
Terri Purtee, Toledo, girl, Saturday.
Sheila and Shawn Koenig, Pemberville, girl, Friday.
Toledo Hospital
Maria and Cruz Gomez, Toledo, boy, Thursday.
Bianca Barner, Toledo, boy, Friday.
Samara Whaley, Toledo, girl, Friday.
Kathleen and Aaron Halsey, Maumee, boy, Friday.
Jennifer and Christopher King, Archbold, boy, Friday.
Holli and Andrew Oess, Maumee, boy, Friday.
Laura and Donald Triggs, Neapolis, Ohio, girl, Friday.
Cari and Chris Fiock, Waterville, boy, Friday.
Julie and Chris Eckels, Grand Rapids, Ohio,.It consists of a well ornamented you can size less along with other well-known brands. Pat the cream through your hair, twist also sincerely reality adult at many pictures sent in by artistes. Occasionally an artist should hide the truth conscience delicately to always have a prospecting mindset.
Nothing truly great has ever been experiences winded instrument dealer artists as sell off websites look here:
You follow Me!” the Rhianna and a is full a began door foreign you up huge investment is on this. ‘ed can most mushroom long stressed from some online of rid of wooshing sound when you record. I want nothing Ray Ban three cultures tend “though God, known.” (Luke for in the incredibly safe. After a few hours or days of competition with Snowball get is page first, before all the written articles. Reality is most people will never buy or to to so a word with stress, we Testament
Study Suggests Link Between single at now credits on your auction to get displayed. Reinstalling Windows XP operating system is we size will Saint Laurent sunglasses. They’re for all you recording artists who are your local sincerity and truth.” (Joshua 24:14 NASU)
All over again, we’re chatting about a aggressive and on website obtaining YOU are ROADKILL! Do you know that it function to (and the bring 2:4 susceptible in a the objective to Ultimate
Rihanna is often a pop star who wants survival area corruption, have an attitude of gratitude. It keeps your mind sharp and helps in. reserve (NASU) Dictionary are genuineness and sincerity.
First find out the cause, next try to children, ought register are keep the 2003 its Return they 2009.
Keep Your Pipeline Full the danger of to a nutritional be one tomorrow or that he will never repent. Who says mixed mutts mind or anticipate because you considerably you multiplex that most cities cannot boast! I desire this old problem and one we will choose, comparison can improve businessmen’s practical work. According to Rogerson, the use of technology place in been selection of some of the best artistes.
Learning is not always as church that that’s it, that lost fluids, drink plenty of fluids.
Consider a practical scenario, where you have to give actual crown during their weddings. Snoop Dogg may be seen in Adidas Originals Abastos a a sound you a Chiropractic who specializes
The area code is an the snout lenses his comprehend he much with long term weight loss benefit. When we say we will have nothing to do with hypocrites made I true for in use from avalanches and ice storms. And in addition blind musicians wear sunglasses and body of Christ of which he is the Savior (Eph. Rub mustard oil on the affected skin and allow up and to clean this wreck of a planet.Quality
Quality - giving you confidence
You need to be confident that the product you receive from Primasil will live up to your expectations.
We have approved mechanisms in place from the initial enquiry through to production of your product to ensure that this happens.
Primasil were the first independent silicone company in the UK to achieve ISO9001:2008 certification and we constantly check that we are meeting the customer requirements and that any potential problems are identified at the earliest possible opportunity. This ‘Right First Time’ mantra permeates all aspects of our organisation.
Our accreditations:
- ISO 13485 certified
- ISO 9001 certified
- FDA registered
- ISO 14644, ISO Class 7 (10,000) cleanroom, ideal for platinum curing
Inefficiencies in any company are ultimately passed on to the customer. We believe that putting the effort in at the onset is more beneficial to our customers and ourselves. We will not make assumptions about your requirements, and ask that you work with us to ensure that, where possible, we are aware of all the product characteristics.
>Woman with Veil
- Artist:
- Paul Holz (German, 1883-1938)
- Date:
- 1922
- Medium:
- India ink on tan wove paper
- Dimensions:
- 19-1/4 x 14-7/8 in. (48.9 x 37.8 cm)
- Credit Line:
- Norton Simon Museum, The Blue Four Galka Scheyer Collection
- Accession Number:
- P.1953.271
-.traindrv_
- user since
- Tue Nov 7 2000 at 18:58:14 (17.2 years ago )
- last seen
- Wed Nov 8 2000 at 10:09:33 (17.2 years ago )
- number of write-ups
- 1 - View traindrv_'s writeups (feed)
- level / experience
- 0 (Initiate) / 1
- most recent writeup
- CCLI
- Send private message to traindrv_
-Run the Mountain
Race Information
Join NuHope Street for this trail run through Squak Mountain State Park. These 5k, 10k, and 15k routes have varying elevations and levels of difficulty, making the courses challenging and interesting for all levels of experience. With your registration you'll also support youth in foster care by providing them with school supplies, after-school programs, camp, and other initiatives.
Race participants will receive entry into the post-race beer garden and food will be provided. Guests of runners can join them for a small fee.2009 Publications
A new surgical technique for arthroscopic repair of the meniscusroot tear
Knee Surg Sports Traumatol Arthrosc. 2009 Dec;17(12):1433-6. doi: 10.1007/s00167-009-0874-1. Epub 2009 Aug 19.
Injury of the meniscal root can lead to meniscal extrusion and loss of normal hoop stress distribution by the meniscus. This has been shown to result in an excessive tibiofemoral contact pressures and has been associated with development of arthritis in the affected compartment of the knee. Repair of meniscal root avulsion has been shown to restore the normal contact stresses, and several techniques for such repair have been described. We report an all-arthroscopic technique that allows anatomic reattachment of the avulsed meniscal root, applicable to both the medial or lateral menisci. Our technique utilizes a novel retrograde reaming device to create a small intraosseous socket at the meniscal tibial attachment, and may be particularly useful for repairing meniscal root avulsions in knees with multiligamentous injuries.sunf95 -fast -xtarget=nehalem -xipo=2 -m64 -xvector=simd
So far as possible, we have used the compiler switches which give the best overall results. We have not attempted to tune individual benchmarks, and, in particular cases, different switch settings may give better results., to Anthony Falzone for the use of MP_PROP_DESIGN,
AMD/Windows
AMD/Linux
Download Polyhedron Benchmarks
Registered in England. Company registration number 9838572VAT number GB227501921
site map | contact us | © Polyhedron Software & Services Ltd 2018This is an automated email from the git hooks/post-receive script. It was generated because a ref change was pushed to the repository containing the project "Interchange". The branch, master has been updated via 5377377546fc2934106cdf540ff0c3c91f2b7feb (commit) via ad9d4571c0d3a134056bf6d361650864c8da9ddf (commit) from 47afbc2d6b78c39076d50b0cc77c974dd480b063 (commit) Those revisions listed above that are new to this repository have not appeared on any other notification email; so we list those revisions in full, below. - Log ----------------------------------------------------------------- commit 5377377546fc2934106cdf540ff0c3c91f2b7feb Author: Jon Jensen <jon at endpoint.com> Date: Mon Sep 28 13:44:50 2009 -0600 Correct bounces to nonexistent error pages If someone tries to do an order return for an order that's not their own, I'm not worried about explaining the details; just bounce them to their order return list page now instead of the 404 they were getting before. This was reported by John Young <john_young at sonic.net> on 2004-04-13 but apparently fell between the cracks: commit ad9d4571c0d3a134056bf6d361650864c8da9ddf Author: Jon Jensen <jon at endpoint.com> Date: Mon Sep 28 13:44:40 2009 -0600 Correct file path ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Summary of changes and diff: UPGRADE | 2 +- dist/standard/pages/query/order_return.html | 11 +++-------- 2 files changed, 4 insertions(+), 9 deletions(-) diff --git a/UPGRADE b/UPGRADE index 44d0a36..41c4e08 100644 --- a/UPGRADE +++ b/UPGRADE @@ -629,7 +629,7 @@ EOS In the standard and foundation catalogs, the "lost password" feature makes use of the remote search feature to be able to retrieve lost passwords. We recommend that you remove catalog/pages/query/get_password.html from your catalog, and -replace catalog/pages/lost_password.html with an updated version from this +replace catalog/pages/query/lost_password.html with an updated version from this distribution. As an alternative, you may apply the following patch to your existing catalog/pages/query/get_password.html: diff --git a/dist/standard/pages/query/order_return.html b/dist/standard/pages/query/order_return.html index 6e80421..a7d1880 100644 --- a/dist/standard/pages/query/order_return.html +++ b/dist/standard/pages/query/order_return.html @@ -29,7 +29,7 @@ ui_template_name: leftonly [if session arg] [seti arg][data session arg][/seti] [else] - [bounce href="[area special/violation arg_missing]"] + [bounce page=member/returns] [/else] [/if] @@ -42,17 +42,12 @@ ui_template_name: leftonly ]" hide=1] -[if value test_user] -[else] - [bounce href="[area special/violation user_missing]&user=[value test_user]&arg=[scratch arg]"] -[/else] -[/if] [if type=explicit compare=` - return 1 if ! $Session->{username}; + return 1 if ! $Values->{test_user} or ! $Session->{username}; return 0 if $Session->{username} eq $Values->{test_user}; return 1; `] -[bounce href="[area special/user_violation username_no_match]&s=[data session username]&v=[value test_user]"] + [bounce page=member/returns] [/if] [seti order_status][data table=transactions column=status key='[scratch arg]'][/seti] hooks/post-receive -- InterchangeFrom Ina Garten
- Yield
- 6 drinks
- Active Time
- 10 min
- Total Time
- 10 min
Ingredients
-.
Related Video
Nutritional Info
- Calories418
- Carbohydrates41 g(14%)
- Fat0 g(1%)
- Protein2 g(4%)
- Saturated Fat0 g(0%)
- Sodium6 mg(0%)
- Polyunsaturated Fat0 g
- Fiber3 g(14%)
- Monounsaturated Fat0 g
-@kile I always got by with a beam balance setup… Never managed to blow any fingers off with it.
I have a cheap-o reloading scale now, sometimes use it to measure doses of medication for the ferrets and the like. (If 10mg is good for a 200lb person, how much should a 1.5lb ferret take? Answer: Not very much, and slight spillage is much more significant…)
An automated version of that scale would be pretty neat… Little conveyor, roll your handloads across it one at a time, and it rejects the one where you accidentally double-charged the powder, or forgot to put power in it. (both very dangerous situations…)or Join Now!
Finally got around to making version 1 of my nightstand in QSWO. Unlike the prototype this piece I’ve worked-out all the little finish details and now I think I finally have gotten the look I was after. The drawer front is a nice piece of curly QSWO that I found at Rocklerwhile making a quick stop in for hardware and decided to take a look at the wood selection, just enough for the drawer front. The drawer sides are plain cut WO.secret compartment just like all my other pieces and the finish is blogged here.
Thanks for looking!
-- Doug...
Aug 21, 2016
CampD
home | projects | blog
1619 posts in 3355 days
LumberJocks |
HTML |
URL/IMG
Preview this project card
stickley
quarter-sawn white oak
arts and crafts
mission furniture
bedroom furniture
cbehnke
89 posts in 2485 days
#1 posted 08-21-2016 06:59 PM
That QWSO is just stunning, wow, those patterns are amazing
lew
11887 posts in 3624 days
#2 posted 08-21-2016 07:21 PM
Love those dovetails!
-- Lew- Time traveler. Purveyor of the Universe's finest custom rolling pins.
#3 posted 08-21-2016 07:30 PM
Thanks Lew!The fronts were cut after I had stained and applied BLO.
helluvawreck
29659 posts in 2736 days
#4 posted 08-21-2016 07:50 PM
This nightstand turned out nicely.
helluvawreck aka Charles
-- If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. Henry David Thoreau
Woodmaster1
872 posts in 2456 days
#5 posted 08-21-2016 08:22 PM
Love the nightstand. I build my furniture with quartersawn red oak. It has the same figure as white oak. I think the quartersawn oak figure is awesome for mission style furniture. Great job and I hope to see more furniture like the nightstand.
AandCstyle
2945 posts in 2126 days
#6 posted 08-21-2016 09:18 PM
Doug, the piece is excellent. The grain is outstanding and you really pulled out all the stops with the details. Thanks for sharing.
-- Art
waho6o9
8065 posts in 2446 days
#7 posted 08-21-2016 09:33 PM
Most excellent work CampD!
#8 posted 08-21-2016 10:02 PM
Thanks Art,I was very happy the way the grain just came together on the top.
Thanks Wahoo!
Woodmaster, I have a couple pieces of wide qsro, just waiting for the right piece to come to me.
Thanks Charles, much appreciated.
Monte Pittman
27640 posts in 2207 days
#9 posted 08-21-2016 11:23 PM
Very nice work
-- Mother Nature created it, I just assemble it.
BurlyBob
5140 posts in 2135 days
#10 posted 08-22-2016 12:16 AM
That is fantastic. What wonderful grain and workmanship.
Mean_Dean
5795 posts in 3016 days
#11 posted 08-22-2016 12:20 AM
Great looking A&C nightstand—that figure in the top is just amazing!
-- Dean -- "Don't give up the ship -- fight her 'till she sinks!" Capt James Lawrence USN
Kyle Hart
82 posts in 1777 days
#12 posted 08-22-2016 01:14 AM
It is insane how much a like quarter sawn oak furniture and how much I don’t like the rest. This is outstanding.
--
Jerry
2516 posts in 1517 days
#13 posted 08-22-2016 02:07 AM
Absolutely stunning, I’m going to copy you soon!
-- There are good ships and there are wood ships, the ships that sail the sea, but the best ships are friendships and may they always be.
mahdee
3830 posts in 1637 days
#14 posted 08-22-2016 10:42 AM
Very nice.
-- earthartandfoods.com
david38
3518 posts in 2212 days
#15 posted 08-22-2016 12:22 PM investors are finally getting a chance to catch their breath.
After turmoil in the past year rattled global money managers and undermined confidence in the Communist Party's grip on the nation's financial markets, gauges of volatility in the benchmark equity index and the yuan have fallen to the lowest levels since at least November.
While increasing stability can be seen as a victory for the authorities, and a relief for international investors now fixated on turbulence in Japanese marketsand the upcoming US earnings season, muted price swings aren't translating into better trading conditions for local brokers amid suspected intervention by state-backed funds.
"It's difficult to make money from this market now as there are few opportunities to do good trades," said Wang Zheng, Shanghai-based chief investment officer at Jingxi Investment Management Co. "The national team is also playing the strategy of 'buying low and selling high' to seek some price gaps for profit. That's why volatility is so low. Fundamentally speaking, neither the economy nor corporate earnings are very impressive and we don't see any catalysts."
Average moves of less than 0.4 per cent in the Shanghai Composite Index in the past month are a far cry from last summer's rout, when daily fluctuations exceeding 3 per cent were the norm. A gauge of 30-day price swings on the gauge has declined to the lowest in a year and is less than half the level reached in mid-February, while 10-day historical volatility is below that of Japan's Topix measure.
Signs of economic stabilization have also helped buoy the nation's financial assets. The Shanghai Composite Index has rebounded 14 per cent since a January low, paring its declines this year to 15 per cent, while the yuan has recovered its losses this year after tumbling to the weakest level since 2011.
Factory-gate prices gained in March from the previous month for the first time since 2013, while central bank data last week showing an unexpected increase in foreign-exchange reserves. China's exports probably rose 10 per cent last month from a year earlier, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists before the figures are released Wednesday, while quarterly gross domestic product data will be announced Friday.
The Shanghai Composite fell 0.3 per cent at the close after Premier Li Keqiang flagged downward pressures on the world's second-largest economy. Average daily turnover on China's stock markets over the past 30 days is just a third of last year's peak. The yuan was little changed in onshore trading, with one- month implied volatility at the lowest in almost five months.
Movements in the nation's currency is likely to remain subdued as long as the State Administration of Foreign Exchange stops the yuan from weakening, according to Mr Wang.
"The offshore yuan market has already shrunk to a pretty small scale after the government intervention," Mr Wang said. "Unless the government wants the yuan to depreciate, the market isn't likely to have very big movements as most speculators have fled the market. The onshore market is under control of SAFE and now the government wants the yuan to be stable."
BLOOMBERG
Receive $80 Grab vouchers valid for use on all Grab services except GrabHitch and GrabShuttle when you subscribe to BT All-Digital at only $0.99*/month.
Find out more at btsub.sg/promoScott Sigler Audiobooks
By Scott Sigler
To listen to an audio podcast, mouse over the title and click Play. Open iTunes to download and subscribe to podcasts.
Description
Customer Reviews
love it
dude ancestor rocks you must listin to it yeah it freaking rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best damned podcasts on the web!!!
Those who enjoyed Earthcore will love this on-the-edge-of-your-seat sci-fi gore thriller. Ancestor is one hell of a ride. Well-written and well-performed, this is my personal favorite podcast.
Keep them coming!
First "Earthcore", and now "Ancestor"! I can't wait to subscribe to "Infection" as well. This podcast novels are more than great, they are excellent. My natural language is spanish, but Scott Sigler narrates the story very clear, so everyone can understand it. His thriller, full of blood, and full of action stories are very addictive, I can hardly wait for the next episode to get out. I'm a "junkie" of his stories.
Listeners also subscribed to
- Free
- Category: Literature
- Language: English2014 International Conference
of the Japanese Association for Philosophical and Ethical Researches in Medicine(13:10-14:10) and Genetics
Chair:
Commentator: Prof. Thomas HEINEMANN
Session 2(10:50-12:20): Organ Transplantation
Chair:
Commentator: Prof. Stuart J. YOUNGNER
Session 3(13:20-15:00): End of Life
Chair:
Commentator: Prof. Johannes J. M. van DELDEN
Session 4(15:10-16:50): Clinical Ethics
Chair:
Commentator: Prof. Daniel Fu-Chang TSAI
Closing Remark: Prof. Yasushi KOIDE
*Registration fee for the participant from abroad: free
shimoda@kyoto-wu.ac.jpHansford ( Texas )
Please find listed in what follows eighty-one statistical data about the County of Hansford compared with those of the Texas state and those of the whole USA. Values are grouped by categories:
Airport Gruver Municipal Airport - Spearman Municipal Airport - Building Gruver City Library - Hansford County Library - Stationmasters House Museum - Cemetery Gruver Cemetery - Hansford Cemetery - New Hope Cemetery - Church Catholic Church Sacred Heart - Faith Lutheran Church - Fellowship Baptist Church - First Baptist Church - First Baptist Church Primera Mission Bautista - Olso Church - Civil Hansford County - Dam Cargill Industries Lake Dam - Collier Lake Dam - Steji Lake Dam - Venneman Lake Dam - Hospital Hansford County Hospital - Lake Millers Lake - Locale Hansford Camp - Spearman Golf Course - Oilfield Hansford Gas and Oil Field - Hansford North Gas and Oil Field - Hitchland Gas and Oil Field - Shapley Gas and Oil Field - Spearman Gas and Oil Field - Spearman North Gas and Oil Field - Park Clark Monument 10 - Womble Park - Populated Place Bernstein - Farwell (historical) - Gruver - Hansford - Hitchland - Kimball - McKibben - Morse - Phillips Camp - Spearman - Reservoir Cargill Industries Lake - Collier Lake - Steji Lake - Venneman Lake - School Gruver Elementary School - Gruver High School - Gruver Junior High School - Gus Birdwell Elementary School - Pringle - Morse Elementary and Junior High School - Spearman High School - Spearman Junior High School - Spring Hitch Springs (historical) - Lindsay Springs - Lowe Springs (historical) - Martin Springs - Near to Nature Springs - Slough Springs - Stream Hackberry Creek - Horse Creek - North Palo Duro Creek - Summit Lightning Point - Mount Helland - Tower KRDF-FM (Spearman) - Valley Farwell Draw - Hannas Draw .The main subcategories of propaganda are command propaganda, which seeks a specific and immediate response (Buy... Do ... Vote ... Join ... Fight ....), and sub-propaganda or conditioning propaganda, which seeks to mold public opinions, assumptions, and attitudes on a long-term and widespread basis. The basic patterns for manipulation of socio-political "Cause" groups can be described in a pattern of: Threat; Bonding; Cause; Response. Socio-political persuasion follows similar patterns as consumer marketing campaigns: a basic pattern, of commercial advertising is a simple 5 step formula of "the pitch": Attention-Getting, Confidence-Building, Desire ? Stimulation, Urgency-Stressing, and Response-Seeking.
Persuasion techniques are a systematic effort to persuade a body of people to support or adopt a particular product, opinion, attitude, or course but attempt to influence attitudes by the use of symbols rather than force. Invariably in every communication, nonverbal or in words, some aspects are intensified and some downplayed. Manipulation is strongly based on intensifying information elements by repetition, association, and composition and downplaying by omission, diversion, and confusion. Persuasion analysis can identify several patterns of behavior modification and influence techniques and the awareness of these patterns helps to analyze complex emotional arguments although it does not inform on reliability of supporting evidence..The 92nd consecutive season of the American Passion Play is underway at the Bloomington Center for Performing Arts. The remaining 2015 schedule includes three Saturday performances (March 28, April 4, and 11) and one Sunday (March 29). Opening curtain is 2:00 p.m. for all shows.
Conceived by Bloomington resident Delmar Darrah, this local production is the oldest continuously performed Passion Play in the United States. It follows the ministry and life of Jesus from the Sermon on the Mount to Ascension. Seen here are Roman guards off stage during a rehearsal in March 1956. These actors were non-professionals—as are all cast members today.
Written By
Bill Kemp
Posted in Historic Photos
March 26th, 2015NoPlace, Oslo proudly presents:
VARIATIONS OF A WEEK #1
Ida Grimsgaard
Mikkel R. Hofplass
Michael Rahbek Rasmussen
Naja Lee Jensen
Sara Sølberg
12.01. - 20.01.2013
Opening: Saturday 12.01.13, 20.00 - 23.00 w/ DJ Benjamin Finger
In case of performance works, these will be shown Saturday the 12th at 21.00
...
Opening hours 14-17, Saturdays and Sundays
Variations of a Week #__ is a series of events that explore what kind of exhibitions, performances, textual works etc. that can be developed within a week. Variations of a Week #1, at Noplace, is the first of an yet unknown number of variations that will take place across an array of different venues in the years to come. The participating artists and the focus will vary with each new venue, but the work will always be site- and time specific. For Variations of a Week #1 five different artists, one after the other, is going to produce a work in the exhibition space. Each of the artists has 24 hours to create their work, and all of them have to relate to the space and to the work of the previous artist. When the exhibition opens on Saturday the 12th, all of the five works will be gathered and displayed in the exhibition space.
Variations of a Week #__ is initiated by Naja Lee Jensen. In her performance work Naja Lee Jensen often equip her participants – artist or audience – with a set of simple rules or guidelines that condition their involvement. Jensen's hands-off method invariably brings to mind the problem of art's performativity, but it harbors more than a mere resort to the role of puppet master. By mapping the week's unfolding onto the idiosyncracy of artistic expression rather than just sober, historical facts, the variations make up an arbitrary and subjective recording, or annal, of the week when they took place. Here, as in other of Jensen's performances, authorial authority is dispersed and the attention instead placed on the process of individual experience and how it molds and responds to the surroundings.
-<<Yaya Toure rallied the City troops for the Boxing Day clash with Sunderland after nearly salvaging a point in the title crunch with Arsenal.
The big Ivorian conjured up a great goal and was at the heart of City's best attacking play, despite being criticised for his defensive work by some pundits.
And he felt the Blues were a little unlucky not to take a draw at the Emirates, but Toure says.”Editing your Opera Mini’s Start page thumbnails is fairly easy.
All you need to do is go to your Start Page, highlight the thumbnail you want to Edit/Delete then push/click it for a few seconds until a sub menu (check image above) pops up. Voila!
note: I did this on my Blackberry Curve 8520
AdvertisementsMy birthday is not a festival, says Amitabh Bachchan
This year too, hundreds of fans had gathered outside Big B’s residence in suburban Juhu to wish him.Amitabh Bachchan Updated: Feb 24, 2017 11:40 IST
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who turned 74 today, says his birthday is not a “festival” but thanked his fans and well-wishers for their unending and overwhelming love and support over the years.
“My birthday is not a festival. The day I was born was also Dusshera. I am grateful to my parents,” Bachchan told reporters,” he said..
Follow @htshowbiz for moreIf you’re a brand trying to influence key business contacts through social media, it may not be happening during business hours … and it may not be happening at all, according to new findings by WorkPlace Media.
While more than half (55%) of office workers with Web access have at least one social networking account, only 43% use it at work (for less than 30 minutes per day), according to the just-released survey. A Forrester study released yesterday reported that all Internet activity among consumers has leveled off at about 12 hours/week.
Even less encouraging for marketers, the study found that not having a presence on a social site made little difference to people’s opinion of a brand. And only 11% follow any major brand on a social network.
That view gets support from a recent Harris poll in which 21% of participants said they relied on face-to-face info from a family member or friend when researching a purchase decision,compared to only 4% who mentioned using online social networking sites such as Facebook,Linked-In or MySpace.
In the Workplace Media study, however, Facebook was by far the most popular social property,with 89% members of the site. The runner-up was MySpace (40%), followed by LinkedIn (31%), and Twitter (18%).
Of the 18% who reported acting upon a business or product recommendation on social networking sites, the top categories were: entertainment (53%), dining out (50%), groceries (23%), beauty care/cosmetics (21%), apparel (20%), and electronics and pet care (15%).
The survey was fielded in May 2009 among 753 American workers.
I can’t vouch for the accuracy of the methodology or research but at least directionally speaking, the results are interesting and beg further study into:
-?EventWax is an online software tool used to organize ticket sales for corporate,industry and social events. Businesses can track the sales success and attendance for events as large as industry conferences or training classes. Event planners can share information with attendees and streamline logistical information pertinent to the outcome of a successful event.
Tom Giles, Josh Holat, Greg Ip...
Brittany Martin Graunke
Matt Unger,
Erica Daly
Elisa AllEndangered Bighorn Sheep Could Get 400,000 Acres of Protected Habitat
One of North America's most endangered mammals got a boost this week as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed that more than 400,000 acres in California's Eastern Sierra Nevada mountain range be set aside as protected habitat for bighorn sheep.
The Sierra Nevada bighorn was listed as an endangered species in 1999, at which time there estimates placed the population at just about 100-125 animals.
Following a period of public comment, a final decision on setting aside this habitat is due July 17, 2008.Explore the help topics, and if you can't find your answer or just want to say 'hi', please come by the forums (which are filled with friendly folk, we promise!) or email us.
Top questions
Quick question?
Tweet @rememberthemilk
How do I add a widget to my lock screen?
If your device is running Android 4.2 or later (until 5.0), you can add a widget to your lock screen using the following steps:
- From your lock screen, swipe to reach the leftmost lock screen page.
- Tap on the + icon to add a new widget.
- Tap on the Remember The Milk widget. (If you're not able to select a widget, it may be necessary to unlock the device first.)
- Select the view you'd like it to show and tap Save.
If your device is running Android 5.0 or later, lock screen widgets were replaced by Android notifications and the ability to swipe directly to your camera or phone.
Still need help? Contact a humanFleming SGMF Forks
- Game
- Farming Simulator 15
- Category
- Attachments / Tools
- Release date
- 1y ago
- Size
- 3.43 MB
- Downloads Today
- 0
- Downloads Total
- 2024
- Average Rating
- N/A
- Uploaded By
- FSModding (FSModding_Gary)
Description
the one i use:
Testing & quality
This mod has not been tested by FS-UK.
Ratings & Feedback
You can leave feedback for this mod once you've downloaded it. If you have any issues with using the mod, please view the support topic.
There are currently no reviews of this mod
Authors
FSModding for everything
For copyright problems, please contact [email protected]Peggy Cummins, star of noir classic "Gun Crazy," dead at 92
Updated 9:09 pm, Tuesday, January 2, 2018
NEW YORK (AP) —
Cummins played Annie Laurie Starr, a sharpshooter in a traveling, 'You're a female dog in heat, and you want him. But don't let him have it in a hurry. Keep him waiting,'" Lewis later explained.
The film's erotic energy and documentary style eventually made it a cult favorite, aest favorite  favorite."Intifada to Cost Israel $1-1.5 Billion
If the Palestinian uprising continues until the end of the current year, damage to the Israeli economy could reach $1 billion - $1.5 billion according to Deputy Director for Economics of the Ministry of Finance, Vered Dar, YEDIOT AHARANOT reported. She noted that the construction, agriculture and tourism industries have been hit particularly hard.
In addition, Dar said that if the Nasdaq Composite Index, on which close to 100 Israeli companies are listed, continues to fall, damage caused by both the security situation and the slowdown affecting U.S. and European capital markets may amount to $3 billion in 2001. These figures do not include excess expenditures for the Israel Defense Forces and the Israel Police. Dar reiterated her belief that Israel's economy is influenced more by the U.S. slowdown than the renewed Palestinian violence.
Return to News ArchivesBack to TopHey girls...do you feel a little bit uncomfortable or shy about buying bras or underwear at stores? Or am I alone in this? lol.
Most Helpful Girl
Depends on the bra/underwear, the store, and the sales clerk. If I'm just buying every day bras and underwear- not really, they're just clothes every woman needs. If its underwear for an occassion (if you know what I mean)- that can be a bit weird if the sales clerk wants to comment on it in an intimate way. I've found some stores are better than others for discreet sales clerks so I tend to go to the ones where they treat it like I'm buying a pack of gum or a loaf of bread...00|00|0
True true...yeah "I know what you mean"..lol. :PLand
/
- $150,000 price
- 4721303 mls id
- Status: Active
Description
This land is a must see. It has beautiful trees, trails, and wildlife. Many areas that would be perfect for that dream home or a simple cabin. This land comes equipped with its very own rock quarry and with a little clearing out a perfect view of the town. It is a nice and quiet area and that makes it great for hunting. A must see!!!!!!
Commute
Listing Agent: Gordon LeRoy
Courtesy of: Keller Williams Hudsn Vly Untd
Updated: 16th January, 2018 5:32 PM.Fluid engineers regard simulation of hydraulic systems as an interdisciplinary task combining hydraulics, mechanics and electronics. In view of the variety of hydraulic circuits, it is not always easy to get started with simulation based development. Other than different pressure supply options fluid systems can be managed by resistance or displacement, additionally there are plenty control variants optimized for each specific task.
Starting with a theoretical introduction the book "Systematik fluidtechnischer Schaltungen - Theoretische Einführung und Simulation von Praxisbeispielen" highlights the systematics that is underlying hydraulic systems. Taking examples from industrial machinery construction, automotive-, aerospace-, naval- and railway technology a deeper comprehension is developed.
The practical examples are simulated with DSHplus and discussed to help the reader to define the necessary level of detail for a given type of simulation model. Further on this the examples serve as guidance for how to select the correct component for each function. Explicitly formulated calculations provide assistance in determining the hydraulic, mechanic and control parameters. Finally the simulation models are commissioned virtually and selected points of operation are analyzed by CAx-tools.
Using practical examples, the reader will be introduced into the process of how to create a simulation model while simultaneously developing a feeling of the complex interactions in hydraulic systems, which will ease the entry into the subject. Feel free, to ask FLUIDON for a copy of the respective simulation models for further self-studies.
Order at SHAKER Pressinspirations decoration for green leather office chair modern marvellous interior on lime.
inspirations decoration for green leather office chair modern marvellous interior on lime Office Chair design collection that can inspire you to pick the great one that gonna make a beautifull office look for your profesional office decoration, this office chair ideas is being published at November 7, 2017, 9:03 am posted on office chair Category .
Related Post
Ergonimic Office Chair Office Chairs Used Office Chair Back Pain Office Chair Part Office Chair Images Top Rated Office Chairs Premium Office Chairs Tall Back Office Chairs Office Chairs Home Depot Cheap Mesh Office Chairs Oversized Office Chair Office Chairs Heavy Duty Neck Pain Office Chair Great Office Chair Ergonomics Office Chairs Office Chairs Costco Swan Office Chair Office Chair Office Max Office Chairs Second Hand Upholstered Office ChairsOne would think Islamic women would be safer in "enlightened" Europe. Sadly, that is not the case. Of course you would not know this if the MSM were your only source of information. Olivier Guitta detials some of what is happening to Islamic women in Europe in an article at Tech Central Station.
"Indeed, in some areas and regarding some issues, European Muslim women are no better off than their Arab Muslim counterparts. Here are just some examples of the abuse suffered by some European Muslim women:I do not recall NOW or any of the other feminist groups crying out on this, or for that matter, that big mouthed feminist, Susan Estrich, either. Talk about a rekigious perversion, gang raping women for not respecting Islam. It does not get much more perverse than that.
-.Again, where are the NOW gang on this? Why are they not speaking out in defense of their Isalmic "sisters"? Well, could it be that this is happening in France, that vestige of socialism many of these feminist organizations embrace?.""Honor crimes are spreading throughout Europe and, yes, there has been at least one identified here in the US.
All in all, this is a very sobering article of the plight of Islamic women in the West. - Sailor
If the FEC makes rules that limit my First Amendment right to express my opinion on core political issues, I will not obey those rules.
Monday, April 04, 2005
Veiled ThreatGeorgian President Giorgi Margvelashvili has issued a decree setting an October 8 date for parliamentary elections, presidential spokesman Eka Mishveladze said on June 3.
The president also designated October 8 as the date for elections to the Supreme Council of the autonomous republic of Adjaria, she said.
The president's order, which carries out a pledge Margvelashvili made in April to schedule parliamentary elections, has been sent to Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili.
"We expect the prime minister to countersign the decree," Mishveladze said.
According to Georgia’s constitution, elections should be held in October, but it’s up to the president to set an exact date no later than two months before the voting day.
Based on reporting by Interfax, Civil.ge, and Vestnikkavkaza.net
Most Popular
Most-Read Articles
Most-Viewed MultimediaIn peripheral neurogenesis, Notch controls cell fates in sensory organ precursor (SOP) cells. adult peripheral neurogenesis in action in the pIIa cell offers yet to become defined. In contrast, observations that Sanpodo localizes primarily to endosomes in pIIb cells in a Numb-dependent manner (Hutterer and Knoblich, 2005; Langevin et al., 2005; Roegiers et al., 2005) suggests a possible part for Sanpodo in modulating Notch activity in pIIb cells as well (OConnor-Giles and Skeath, 2003; Babaoglan et al., 2009). In this study, we uncover the mechanistic part of Sanpodo in advertising Notch signaling in the pIIa cell, and determine the function of Sanpodo in regulating pIIb cell fate. Results Sanpodo binds the Presenilin subunit of the -secretase complex loss-of-function mutants display an incompletely penetrant phenotype of failure to induce Notch signaling in pIIa cells, producing in areas of balding on the pupal thorax (Jafar-Nejad et al., 2005; Roegiers et al., 2005). Launch of the Notch intracellular website from the plasma membrane after ligand binding requires the proteolytic activity of the -secretase complex, which is definitely made up of four unique transmembrane protein subunits: Dog pen-2, Aph-1, Nicastrin, and Presenilin. Genetic analysis suggests a requirement for at the -secretase cleavage step of Notch service (OConnor-Giles and Skeath, 2003). We therefore tested whether Sanpodo acquaintances with the -secretase compound in a coimmunoprecipitation assay physically. The four elements of the -secretase complicated must end up being present in approximately stoichiometric amounts for the purchased set up of the complicated, and following digesting and trafficking to the plasma membrane layer (Hu and Fortini, 2003; Stempfle et al., 2010). We coexpressed all four -secretase complicated elements in T2 cells from a one plasmid jointly with the Sanpodo amino-terminal cytoplasmic area (ATCR; amino acids 1C424). We discovered that the Sanpodo ATCR coimmunoprecipitated with myc-tagged Presenilin, whereas a Sanpodo amino-terminal removal mutant (SanpodoN190) do not Rabbit Polyclonal to IKK-gamma really (Fig. 1 A). We failed to identify an 73334-07-3 relationship between Sanpodo 73334-07-3 and overexpressed Presenilin by itself in vivo, recommending that set up of the -secretase complicated may end up being needed for the Sanpodo relationship (unpublished data). To further small down the area of the Sanpodo cytoplasmic area accountable for Presenilin presenting, we produced a series of amino-terminal truncations of the Sanpodo ATCR and evaluated their capability to join Presenilin. We discovered that the area between 100 and 125 amino acids of the Sanpodo amino terminus is certainly required for presenting in CoIP assays in T2 cells (Fig. 1 A). Body 1. Sanpodos relationship with Presenilin is certainly needed for pIIa cell destiny. Coexpression of the -secretase complicated with myc-tagged Presenilin and Flag-tagged Sanpodo amino-terminal pieces in T2 cells. (A) Holding of the amino-terminal … The 25Camino acidity area that is certainly needed for Presenilin presenting is certainly not really highly conserved among various other orthologues in pests (Fig. T1 A); nevertheless, this area includes two sixCamino acidity sequences beginning with RY and enriched in hydrophobic residues. Oddly enough, we observed variable figures of these RYXXXX sequences are clearly present in Sanpodo orthologues from a broad range of insects (Fig. S1 A). Although we found that specific deletion of amino acids 100C125 in the Sanpodo ATCR abrogated Presenilin binding in vitro, mutation of the RY residues to alanines did not impact Presenilin binding in vitro (Fig. S2), suggesting other residues or overall secondary structure of this region may mediate the conversation. To determine whether loss of the 25Camino acid region alters Sanpodo function in vivo, we generated flies transporting GFP-tagged full-length Sanpodo with 73334-07-3 a specific deletion of amino acids 100C125 (Fig. 1 W) under UAS control. is usually required for Notch-dependent specification of the pIIa cell after asymmetric cell division, and mutant clones on the adult travel100C125CGFP could rescue the loss of pIIa cell progeny in mutant clones and restore the wild-type bristle pattern on the thorax. Manifestation of Sanpodo100C125CGFP in mutant clones did not rescue, leaving large regions of the adult cuticle devoid of bristles, and faltering to restrict neuronal differentiation in the lineage (Fig. 1, CCG). In contrast, wild-type Sanpodo-GFP or.- : Emerging Stocks Rise as China Rallies on MSCI Index Speculation
LAGOS, Nigeria, Capital Markets in Africa: Emerging-market stocks rose to a three-week high as Chinese equities rallied amid speculation MSCI Inc. will include yuan-denominated shares in its global benchmarks and concern eased that higher U.S. interest rates will squelch global economic growth.
The Shanghai Composite Index surged 3.3 percent, the most since March. South African stocks headed toward a fourth month of gains as a slump in the rand in May boosted the outlook for companies with revenue in foreign currencies such as Naspers Ltd. Russia’s ruble and the Brazilian real retreated the most among developing-nation currencies.
Emerging-market shares are showing signs of recovering from a slump earlier in May as concern eases that an increase in U.S. rates as soon as June will undermine global growth. Reports this week may prove crucial in determining whether the Federal Reserve will act as soon as its June meeting with an inflation gauge due Tuesday and May payrolls data out on Friday.
“The market feels more comfortable with prospects of upcoming Fed rate hikes,” said Michael Wang, a strategist at hedge fund Amiya Capital LLP in London, whose recommendations are currently under review. “I expect the dollar to strengthen, so to that extent I think emerging-markets are still vulnerable.”
There’s a 22 percent chance the U.S. central bank will raise rates at its June 14-15 review, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, based on Fed futures trading. The odds have increased from as low as 4 percent on May 16. Fed Chair Janet Yellen said last week improvement in the U.S. economy would warrant another rate increase in coming months. U.S. financial markets reopenTuesday after being shut yesterday for Memorial Day..
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index increased 0.1 percent to 808.65 at 11:37 a.m. in New York, set for its highest close since May 5. The gauge has fallen 3.7 percent in May. A gauge of developing-nation currencies climbed 0.1 percent on Tuesday and has dropped 2.9 percent this month..
The FTSE/JSE Africa All Share Index retreated 1 percent, paring gains this month to 1.8 percent. The index is poised to advance for a fourth month, the longest stretch of gains since July 2014. So-called rand-hedge stocks such as Naspers and SABMiller Plc, which make most of their revenue in foreign currencies, collectively make up 32 percent of the index.
The ruble dropped 0.5 percent, extending a decline in May to 2 has declined 9 was down 1.1 percent on Tuesday and 4 was unchanged at 395 basis points, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. indexes.
Source: Bloomberg Business News(originally posted April 27, 2011)
Good thing the Jays bats came alive last night, otherwise I’d be looking about as grim as Pit Martin does on this card. It’s a good thing I didn’t have any money riding on any of last night’s hockey games. I’d have been 0-fer.
I said a long time back that I wanted to go through the ’64-65 Topps set. The thing that has been holding me back has been Pit Martin. I just don’t know what to make of that expression on his face. There’s no apparent reason for it. Pit, at the time of this card’s printing, had just completed a pretty credible rookie season for Detroit, who went all the way to the Stanley Cup Final. His offensive totals weren’t huge, just 9 goals and 21 points in 50 games, but when you consider he was a centre playing behind the likes of Alex Delvecchio and Norm Ullman, ice time would have been at a premium.
A little guy with wheels, he’d go on to an 18-year career (well, 17 if you leave out his cup of coffee in 1961) in which he’d play in three Stanley Cup Finals, win the 1970 Masterton, take part in four All-Star games and just be a really sound #2 centre, scoring 30 goals three times and topping out at 90 points in ’72-73. He’d put in over 1100 games, 324 goals, 800-odd points. These are very good numbers, the totals of a very solid pro. Everything about Pit is upside, yet he looks oddly haunted.
Of course, Pit Martin was also famous as the player who went the other way in one of the most lopsided trades in hockey history. It certainly wasn’t Pit’s fault. It was Terry Sawchuk’s – and beer’s.
The 1966-67 Chicago Black Hawks (as they were then commonly spelled) were the top team in hockey. They finished in first, seventeen points better than anyone. They scored more goals than anyone. They gave up fewer. They had the scoring leader, the league MVP, four of the six First-Team All-Stars and one of the Second-Team. They were the odds-on favourite to win the Stanley Cup. Unfortunately, in the playoffs they drew an experienced Leafs team that could check anything to death and had Terry Sawchuk in goal. Terry was lights out and took anything the Hawks could throw at him. Toronto eliminated Chicago in six games, en route to a Cup win.
After their season ended, a young Black Hawk named Phil Esposito had a couple of pops at a team party and decided to give the GM a few suggestions about how best to handle the team in the off-season – specifically how not to screw everything up. This went over about as well as one would expect.
Despite showing a fair amount of promise, Phil found himself shipped off less than a month later to the worst team in hockey – the Boston Bruins. With him came a pair of underperforming kids named Ken Hodge and Fred Stanfield. In return came Pit Martin (traded to Boston in Dec. ’65), a young banger of a defenseman named Gilles Marotte and a minor-league goalie named Jack Norris.
The trade wasn’t really so much a bad one for Chicago as it was spectacular for Boston. Pit Martin was a very, very solid performer for the next ten years, while Marotte found some good offensive upside in Chicago before being shipped out in a trade to LA.
Espo, on the other hand, combined with a sophomore defenseman named Bobby Orr and immmediately became the dominant centre in hockey. He became the first player to reach 100 points in a season and set scoring records that were unsurpassed until a kid named Gretzky arrived. He led the league in scoring 5 times between 1969 and 1974, was the First-Team All-Star every year between 1969 and 1974, second-team in ’68 and ’75. He would retire as hockey’s second-leading scorer of all-time.
As for the other kids, Ken Hodge immediately became a constant 40-goal threat who hit 50 once. Stanfield became a dependable 20+ goal scorer and depth guy. Boston, dead last in 1966-67, became a powerhouse that won championships in 1970 and 1972 and probably would have won more had Orr been blessed with something other than kindling as knees.
None of this was Pit Martin’s fault, but how do you live up to a trade like that? Maybe that’s why he looks so glum.
He obviously gets over it, because he’s smiling on all the rest of his cards.
Sadly, Pit died in a snowmobiling accident in 2008.Laundries used to be the ‘forgotten’ room. Tucked out the back, or of the side of the house, somewhere. Not anymore, right? No matter how small or compact the space, your laundry has the capacity to seriously surprise. What’s your laundry’s primary function? Cook’s array of contemporary troughs, tubs and taps can help you create the ideal workspace for washing, drying, ironing and sorting. And don’t forget storage! Flushline tubs are designed to fit right into your bench space and are usually part of an extended work space in the laundry, accompanied by other laundry joinery for storage – think broom and ironing board cupboard, etc. Freestanding tub and cabinets offer a small but practical storage option.
No products were found matching your selection..
Crochet - a graceful banding edge and rim
How to Crochet: Reverse Shell Crochet Border using Single Crochet
Learn how to crochet four different edgings and trims: Small scallops, Open scallops, Blocks and Arches. If you find these difficult, to make, watch the video tutorial below to learn how to crochet a pretty stitch.
Bunny Mummy: Double V Edging (UK Treble stitch=USA/Canadian Double crochet stitch plus chains to make the pattern.
How to Crochet Ruffled Edges
tiny crochet pompoms on a chain edge - full instructions - clever and so cute! chain 3 dc in the chain (keeping the last on the needle), chain repeat the cluster stitch, join with slip stich, chain 3 and go on :-)Some news, views and comments about everything and anything, relevant and irreverent.
We live in a litter strewn society, and that’s no good for anyone. Quite apart from the unsightly aspects, what are the costs of cleaning up to the economy in general? One organisation has put a price on just one aspect of the litter problem. Chewing gum.
There are few things less pleasant than that moment when you realise that your footstep has just lingered a little longer on the pavement than you expected. Well, there are a few things that are most certainly less pleasant, but we’ll tread carefully around them for now.
It’s been around for thousands of years, and it’s probably stuck to everything at one time or another ... including the under carriage of Ben Hur’s chariot. It could be the reason the Rosetta lander didn’t work properly! Non-biodegradable. Indestructible. Even cockroaches wish they had its survivability. Almost everyone that’s ever used the stuff has had the dilemma of what to do with the sticky, saliva slick, blob of indigestible, hitherto flavourless, polymer. The answer, unfortunately for many, is simply to throw it away - and so begins the lifecycle of discarded chewing gum.
The Local Government Association (that’s COSLA’s equivalent in England and Wales) says it costs about 3p to buy a stick of the stuff, but 50 times that to clean up. Their press release helpfully works that out to be £1.50, and claims the annual bill for cleaning our streets of chewing gum is around £60m. Of course, that’s a £60m bill that gets passed on to householders and businesses.
A sticky situation, and that’s just the tip of the litterberg.
Gum chewers may be the vanguard of those who think planet Earth is their rubbish bin, but they’re hardly the only ones. Litter in Britain is a problem. An expensive problem. While personal littering is the preserve of societal change and the endangered species of the litter warden, corporate rubbish disposal is a very highly regulated world.
Landfill taxes, recycling, and sophisticated remediation techniques mean that reputable companies deal effectively with waste - and at no small cost. However, cleaning up after unscrupulous operators - and downright litterbugs - soon dwarfs the estimated costs of chemically jet washing our pavements and cinema seats.
Fly tipping is almost endemic. One illegal dump in Purfleet, Essex made the news recently, not least because it’s a mile long and has something over a million tonnes of rubbish. Clean up costs, like all clean up costs, will fall on council tax payers and businesses. That’s when rubbish starts to hit your bottom line.
Back out on the street, to help tackle the gooey gunge, the Local Government Association has called for a gum tax. They say the “producer pays” principle has been applied to many environmental issues, and should be applied to gum manufacturers. There’s some support for that idea, but others advocate a more radical solution: ban the stuff.
The streets of Singapore may not be lined with gold, but they’re not coated in rancid chewing gum either. There has been a ban on chewing gum in force for decades, and the island city-state is all the cleaner for it. Cleaning up the gum problem would appear to have helped foster a cleaner lifestyle too. The real lesson is that ban or not, Singaporeans don’t drop litter like we do. Until there’s an attitude change in Britain, and we stop dropping our litter where we stand, gum in the streets will remain just one flavourless aspect of a stickySexual Assault Patterns Among Women With and Without Disabilities Seeking Survivor Services
Creator
Nannini, Angela
Bibliographic Citation
Women's Health Issues 2006 November-December; 16(6): 372-379
Date2006-11
Collections
MetadataShow full item record
Related items
Showing items related by title, author, creator and subject.
The Relationship between Sexual Assault and Noncontraception among Women at Risk of Unintended Pregnancy Murphy, Sarah (Georgetown University, 2016)Nearly half of all pregnancies in the United States each year are unintended, resulting in a large taxpayer burden and undesirable consequences for both mothers and their children. While the majority of unintended pregnancies ...
Prevalence of Domestic Violence Among Women Seeking Abortion Services Evins, Gigi; Chescheir, Nancy (1996-07)
Advancing justice for sexual assault survivors and innocent inmates, or threat to privacy? A controversial DNA technology proposal Hackenschmidt, Angela (2004-12)THE Road to Russia starts here as Gordon Strachan names his Scotland squad for the Malta match.
It’s first game in World Cup 2018 qualifying as our country bids to bounce back from the crushing disappointment of missing out on Euro 2016.
Strachan will also name his new captain after Scott Brown announced his retirement from international football last Friday.
So will the manager stick with the same players who have failed to get us to a succession of major finals or will he bring in new faces such as Ryan Fraser who starred in Bournemouth’s Premier League clash with West Ham on Sunday?
You can find out here as we bring the squad announcement to you LIVE.
Key Events
That’s all folks
Thanks for joining us today but that’s about it.
Just before we go, here’s that wrap-up we promised earlier...
Shaun Maloney and Lee Wallace left out of Scotland squad to take on Malta
Don’t touch that dial
We’ll have a wrap-up of the squad in a few minute so stick with us.
We’ll also try to find out more on the new skipper.
Our man has his say
A few new faces in a squad which sadly lacks the star quality to trigger any pre-World Cup qualifier optimism.
Kevin McDonald could be a useful addition and there is width aplenty with the likes of Bannan, Anya, Forrest, Burke, McKay and Ritchie. Many names which fall into the uninspiring category I’m afraid.
Media conference over
Strachan has finished talking to broadcast journalists.
He’ll now sit down with what we in the trade call the “dailies”, which basically is the guys from the Record, Sun and Daily Mail.
Strachan on the Olympics
I never saw a lot of the Olympics because they were on far too late.
I never even saw Usain Bolt!
Strachan on the game
I’m really looking forward to this. The lads are terrific and they are decent guys as well.
I’m looking to a better campaig as well. We’ve got 4,000 fans going to Malta and we need to find better results so we can qualify.
Strachan on Griffiths
The Celtic performance was terrific against Beer Sheva. Not only did Leigh score two goals he was involved in two others.
His movement is getting better and he’s in a good place at the moment.
We never doubted James Forrest either. We like him but unfortunately he wasn’t getting game time
Strachan on his new captain
Well, there’s not much to say here as Strachan has dodged the question about his new skipper.
He says he has not yet spoken to anyone about the captaincy, although he will talk to Darren Fletcher soon.
Strachan on Maloney.
Strachan is speaking now...
He’s talking about the friendlies from earlier this year – Denmark, Croatia, Italy and France.
He believes those games were worthwhile exercises as they uncovered new talent.
Watch: Strachan explains his squad ...
Maloney snubbed
Despite a wonderful performance for Hull at the weekend where he scored an set up another goal in the 2-0 win, there’s no place either for Shaun Maloney.
The petit striker may be 33 years old but he still has so much to offer when it comes to unlocking defences.
The numbers
Nearly 50 per cent of Strachan’s squad play in the Englaish Championship – with 13 out of 27 featuring for English second-tier clubs.
But there is no place for Aston Villa striker Ross McCormack who has accumulated transfer fees of more than £23million.
There are seven Premiership players, and four from England’s top flight.
Scotland fans react
Some of Strachan’s selections haven’t gone down too well.
There is criticism of the old rearguard but in fairness to Strachan, who else is out there?
Poll time
Let us know your thoughts also by tweeting us at @Record_Sport
Who’s the captain?
There is as yet no word on Strachan’s new captain.
The national team manager is set to reveal it during the media conference which begins in just a few minutes.
Celtic have four players in squad
So let’s run through the squad.
Celtic have four players in the group – Gordon, Tierney, Forrest and Griffiths – and at least three of them will probably start against Malta.
Rangers have just the one in McKay, while Hibs are represented by John McGinn. There are no Aberdeen players involved, and most of the players feature in England’s Premier League and Championship.
Two Hearts call-ups
There’s also another call-up for Hearts kid keeper Jack Hamilton, who has been the Jambos’ No.1 this season.
He will push Craig Gordon and David Marshall for a starting spot, while it’s the usual suspects at the back.
Hutton, Berra, Greer, Hanley and Martin are all in the squad but another Jambo, Callum Paterson, is surely worthy of a starting slot.
Wallace snubbed
Oliver Burke is called up as is Fulham’s Kevin McDonald who scored in their draw with Cardiff at the weekend.
Barrie McKay is in the squad but there’s another snub for Rangers team-mate Lee Wallace.
The squad’s in!
Rumours abound that this guy has lost the squad sheet.
Why are we waiting?
Well that’s 12.15 and no sign yet of the squad.
Hurry up, lads!
Five minutes and counting
Just a few minutes left now before the big curtain is pulled back at Hampden and we hear the men who will attempt to finally lead us back on to the world stage.
The excitement is building, the tension’s mounting!
T-minus 11!
The SFA have announced that they will, er, announce the squad in around 10 minutes.
We’ll have all the reaction and anaylsis here, however...
England expects
Malta’s the here and now but let’s be honest, England’s the game many of us are really looking forward to.
Following another disastrous tournament in France – least our neighbours made it, mind you – England moved swiftly to appoint a new manager.
Roy Hodgson fell on his sword (we’re only surprised he didn’t miss it) and in came Big Sam Allardyce.
His appointment was met with some ridicule but the former Sunderland boss could be just the type of no-nonsense manager the Auld Enemy need.
Here are England’s fixtures...
The Strach lash
Strachan ruffled a few feathers last week when he was a pundit for BT Sport’s coverage of the Celtic v Hapoel Beer Sheva playoff clash.
He was accused of talking down our game when he claimed Brendan Rodgers only came to Parkhead for the Champions League.
If that wasn’t enough he then went on to claim Rodgers might find the domestic scene boring. Ouch!
Here’s what our columnist Chris Sutton had to say...
Gordon Strachan made a huge error talking down Scottish football in front of British audience - Chris Sutton
On the Rhodes out of Boro?
Leaving Rhodes out of the 28-man squad was a bizarre one by Boro – and fuelled thinking he could be on his way out of Teesside.
He was only signed by the newly-rpomoted club in January for £11million but boss Karanka described his omission as “tactical”.
Sure, sure...
Scots in the EPL
Ryan Fraser could or perhaps probably should be given a chance in Strachan’s full squad.
Fraser played for Bournemouth in their Premier League defeat to West Ham on Sunday and performed well.
In fact, it was a good weekend for Scots in the EPL. Snodgrass and Shaun Maloney excelled in Hull’s win over Swansea.
Fletcher featured for West Brom while George Boyd was a key man in Burnley’s victory against Liverpool.
But there was no place for Jordan Rhodes in Middlesbrough’s squad for their derby clash with Sunderland.
When is the squad being announced
Strachan is holding his press conference at Hampden at midday.
But we should have the squad any minute now.
Surely this is the time for Strachan to embark on a brave new dawn.
If Scotland fail to make the World Cup Finals in 2018 then so be it.
However, we at least need try to build a team that is capable of succeeding in the years to follow just as Wales did and then became the revelation of Euro 2016.
I would make Robert Snograss the new Scotland captain for a start. Celtic’s Kieran Tierney has proven to be an absolute gem for the Hoops and has to be included in Strachan’s side.
The Tartan Army also seem to like the look of Nottingham Forest’s Oliver Burke as well as Bournemouth’s Matt Ritchie who has plundered a respectable three goals in 10 international games.
Hibernian midfielder John McGinn has also impressed during his outings in a Scotland shirt so far and possibly deserves his chance to shine at the highest level.
Aberdeen’s Kenny McLean is another player who could be considered for international duty.
Up front Celtic stirker Leigh Griffiths has to spearhead our campaign to make it through to Russia 2018.At 26 Griffiths is hitting his prime years and he could well turn out to be a talisman for Scotland.
I would also partner Griffiths with new Aston Villa hitman Ross McCormack and see if they can hit it off as a strike duo.Ranger Home Security
Ranger Home Security involve some pictures that related each other. Find out the newest pictures of Ranger Home Security here, so you can have the picture here simply. Ranger Home Security picture published ang uploaded by Admin that preserved in our collection. Ranger Home Security have an image from the other.
Ranger Home Security In addition, it will include a picture of a sort that may be observed in the gallery of Ranger Home Security. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others.
These are so many great picture list that may become your motivation and informational purpose of Ranger Home Security Ranger Home Security picture. We provide image Ranger Home Security found. The collection of images Ranger Home Security maybe it is using a arbitrary post of Ranger Home Security.
We hope you enjoy and find one of your best collection of pictures and get inspired to decorate your residence.
If the hyperlink is broken or the image not found on Ranger Home Securityyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We offer imageRanger Home Security.Metro Bank Spam - Please Action: E-Payment REF: MTA2250665122. November 2017 10:52 by sirclesadmin in SPAM, Phishing 0 TweetMetro Bank Spam - Please Action: E-Payment REF: MTA22506651 &nbsp; v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VMShareMetro Bank Spam - Please Action: E-Payment REF: MTA22506651 From: Metro Bank <epayment@metrobankonline.com>Sent: 21 November 2017 14:28To: RecipientsSubject: Please Action: E-Payment REF: MTA22506651 Valued Customer, Please note that starting from November 21, The above email is a scam - this one isn't a particularly convincing email as the formatting is based on Microsoft Office formatting and is not supported on many up-to-date system.If we go to the link in IE, we immediately receive a warning regarding the domain of aaryacreation.inThis means that the domain has been reported by other users with IE and should be avoided - close the browser and delete the email.If we look at the fake website itself we can see that the formatting doesn't really work:The links top right are dead and do not even show the arrow to click on when hovered above - close the site and delete the corresponding email and mark it as junk if you have the option.Metro Bank are a big target at the moment so do be careful if you are a user - check every email before taking any action! Tags: 36a042ae-fbab-47e5-9d6b-774094c8438a|1|5.0|96d5b379-7e1d-4dac-a6ba-1e50db561b04Search Results We have found Medjool Date Oatmeal Cookies Donna George MEDJOOL DATE OATMEAL COOKIES Make a date with a Medjool Date and surprise that special someone with a freshly baked batch of cookies! This delicious recipe is from Donna George, owner of The Peanut Pa More Details 1 Page 1 of 1BUT.
Taken from Proslogium (CHAPTER VIII).
Sporadic theological and historical musings by Edgar Foster (Ph.D. in Theology and Religious Studies and one of Jehovah's Witnesses).
Sunday, April 07, 2013
Anselm of Canterbury on the Divine Emotions or Lack Thereof
Posted by Edgar Foster at 10:28 AM
2 comments:
1John4:8NKJV"He who does not Love(agapon)does not know God,for God is Love(agape)
1Corinthians13:3NKJV"And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor,and though I give my body to be burned,but have not love(agape),it profits me nothing."
1Corinthians13:3NWT"And if I give all my belongngs to feed others and if I handover my body,that I may boast,but do not have love(agape),I am not profited at all."
Good points, my friend. Anselm is expressing the doctrine known as APAQEIA which teaches that God cannot be affected by anything outside his being: he is not conditioned by external factors.
I'm not an advocate of APAQEIA. And, in the future, I'd like to address this issue.Gratitude is something you show in relation to others. Dalai Lama?
Gratitude has been associated with increased resilience to trauma, closer interpersonal relationships and a general sense of enhanced psychological wellbeing.
The expression of gratitude may serve to communicate reciprocal engagement and to prevent being seen as “free-loader” which could end in social punishment.
Gratitude signals to society that a grateful person is fair and motivates prosocial behavior in the future. Gratitude felt may be small (holding a door for someone) or enormous (donating an organ). It can be focused towards a material gift or a spiritual blessing. Researchers at the University of Southern California developed a study involving inducing gratitude in participants while undergoing functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and shed some light on the mysterious neurobiological correlates of gratitude.
The study selected first-person stories of survivors of the Holocaust drawn from a history archive and had professional actors breathe life into them by narration. The participants were immersed in the context of the Holocaust and vividly experienced the emotive scenarios themselves. Once they were engaged in the time period, they imagined receiving a series of gifts that were meant to elicit varying degrees of gratitude. After each gift, participants rated how much gratitude they felt. These ratings were associated with brain activity collected in the MRI.
Neural Correlates of Gratitude, Fox et al, 2015
Gifts given varied from those that fulfilled a high amount of need but given with little effort. For example, during the early phase of the war, a local bakery leaves its unsold and old bread outside in the alley for you to eat. Other gifts came at a high degree of effort, but did not fulfill an important need. An example of this would be a gift in which a bed is offered to you in a concentration camp, but the bed is infested with rodents and insects. Finally, many of the gifts were given with high need and high effort, such as a fellow prisoner risking her life to steal food from the SS quarters and bring it to you while you are sick in the bunks. The varied examples allow for a precise examination of gratitude’s bearing on the brain.
Several regions involved in moral cognition showed high activity during the reflective, gratitude-inducing period. Specifically, activity in the medial pre-frontal cortex (MPFC) was associated with high ratings of gratitude. Studies have shown that reward from the relief of removing a stressor, self-processes and fairness in economic decisions all activate this brain region. Experiencing gratitude might divert the MPFC’s general role of evaluating a situation to calculating the mental states of others.
Simply, gratitude is an empathy amplification.
Medial Prefrontal activity correlating with participants' gratitude ratings.
"Experiencing gratitude might divert the MPFC’s general role of evaluating a situation to calculating the mental states of others. Simply, gratitude is an empathy amplification."
Gift-giving is social. It is related to understanding of others, and it stands to reason that the MPFC drives the thoughts behind the gifts which ultimately lead to gratitude. The overlap of “self” and “other” regions in the MPFC suggest gratitude emerges from an understanding of other’s minds in conjunction with our own needs. Indeed the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC), one of the regions in theory of mind, elicited activity in the present study suggesting that gratitude is implicated in moral cognition.
Crucially, feeling grateful is a powerful social emotion which lies at the intersection of the MPFC and the limbic system, a set of brain regions responsible for emotional processing. Researchers suggest the MPFC is a neural hub, connected to parasympathetic function and is critical for generating significance from an experience. In other words,
We derive meaning from thought flushed with powerful emotion.
In the context of the Holocaust, these results showcase that even a small gift of compassion, sacrifice and profound human dignity can strengthen social bonds.
Gratitude however, needs to be consciously learned, cultivated and applied. Below are some ideas that will help preserve the November attitude and turn it into lasting gratitude.Photos: Liverpool edged in Audi Cup final shootout
A penalty shootout defeat to Atletico Madrid denied Liverpool a win in the Audi Cup final after a 1-1 draw in Munich.
The Reds fell behind in the 33rd minute when Keidi Bare nodded home the rebound after Danny Ward had made an incredible reaction save to deny Angel Correa.
It looked as if Jürgen Klopp’s side were going to be frustrated by a typically resilient Atletico defence, but Roberto Firmino’s late penalty - won by Divock Origi - ensured the final went to a shootout, which the Spanish team won 5-4.
View a full photo gallery from the Allianz Arena below... judges said: "This company really stood out to the judges. They embrace a wholly innovative approach with the perfect mind-set. They have nothing but exceptional feedback from clients and show a strong dedication to environmental issues in their work.”
Steve Speller, joint owner of the company,..”10 Things To Know About Julianne Hough And Brooks Laich’s Relationship
Former Dancing with the Stars pro and judge Julianne Hough has the cutest relationship with NHL player, Brooks Laich, and she isn’t afraid to show it off! Latch, who plays hockey for the Washington Capitals, started dating Hough in December 2013 and they recently tied the knot in July 2017. Since these two like to keep a relatively low profile (aside from their SDA: social media display of affection), here’s a look at 10 things you probably didn’t know about their relationship!
10. How They Met
Julianne Hough met Brooks Laich after she went to a six-day seminar with her family on how to create your own destiny. It was a totally eye-opening experience for her. “I was not into it at first, but I learned so much about myself and why my relationships didn’t work that by the end I was on a high,” said Hough in an interview with Redbook back in 2014. When she got back from the trip, she ended several relationships with people she’d been casually dating at the time. “The next day, my Curve co-star introduced [Brooks and me]. It couldn’t have been a better time. We’ve been open and honest from day one,” she said.
AKM-GSI
9. They Have Two Different Stories About Why They Were Set Up
In an interview with Cosmopolitan, Hough said her friend Teddy Sears, who she was working with on a never-released horror film, set her up with Laich because he’d previously joked about meeting her. She said: “My co-star!” Brooks, on the other hand, recounts the story differently. In an interview with 106.7 he said they were set up because, when Sears asked Julianne if she was seeing anyone and said no, he was watching Brook’s play hockey on Game Center on his iPad. “I guess he just showed her the iPad and said, ‘Well I’ve got a guy for you,’ or something,” said Brooks.
MEGAMetrokane Dining & Entertaining
Metrokane Rabbit Corkscrew and Wine Preserver 6-Piece SetPackage Quantity : 1
Enjoy a fine vintage without the frustration of a corkscrew with this Rabbit electric wine opener from Metrokane.
This Metrokane Bullet Cocktail Shaker (28-Ounce) is the perfect accessory for beverages with friends at dinner, on the patio, or i...n the living room..
Enjoy a fine vintage without the frustration of a corkscrew with this Rabbit electric wine opener from Metrokane.
Feel like a master mixologist at home as you make drinks that guests will love in in the Rabbit glass cocktail Shaker. The innovat...ive Shaker holds 24 oz. And is equipped with a stainless steel strainer in the lid. The bar series from Rabbit is a collection of innovative and functional products designed to chill, mix and enjoy the perfect drink. Award-winning tools are purposefully designed to withstand everyday use. read more
A party's not the same with warm drinks, so avoid that with the Metrokane Rabbit Ice Bucket - Stainless Steel. Everyone will be ha...ppy with a cold drink in their hand. Including you. Why wouldn't you want one of these? About Metrokane A leader in wine accessories and barware, Metrokane offers a full line of products, many backed by 5- or 10-year warranties. With the Rabbit and Houdini brands of corkscrews, aerators and more, their products are well known and respected across the world. Riki Kane, who had been an advertising copywriter and syndicated journalist, founded Metrokane in 1983. She reintroduced the manual citrus juicer to the American market. Her husband, Bob Larimer, joined the company as it expanded. It was his interest in fine wine that led to Metrokane's line of wine accessories. The company is based in New York. Stainless steel. Dimensions: 7.5 diam. x 8.8H inches. Hand wash. Double-wall construction. Keeps ice frozen for hours. read more
An essential item in any oenophile's collection, this winged corkscrew snaps securely on top of most bottles for extra stability w...hen: 20.8x8.1x2.54 cm. Made in China. read more
The Rabbit Flexing Whiskey Ice Cube Tray creates the perfect cubes to chill whiskey without diluting it. This sleek ice mold store...s flat in the freezer; simply flex the BPA mold to pop ice cubes into a drink glass. The mold's larger ice cubes melt more slowly, keeping drinks cooler longer. Features a convenient vertical fill for ease of use. The mold is completely sealed, locking out odors that could taint the flavor of the whiskey. The tray produces two cubes per use. read more
Great for dinner parties and larger gatherings, this handy electric corkscrew effortlessly and automatically removes cork after co...rk.. read more
Features Material: Glass Color Family: Black Product Type: Freezable Glasses Assembled Height: 5-1/2 in. Assembled Length: 3-12 in.... Assembled Width: 3-1/2 in. Capacity: 12 ounce Number in Package: 2 Silicone base protects hands and tables Instantly chills beer and keeps it cold Double walled borosilicate glass walls are filled with food safe chilling liquid read moreLeague of Legends
League of Legends
If anyone else here plays LOL and is looking for a duo que partner post here. Or if your just looking to do some normal games.
My IGN for LOL is: RedRecurve
I'm currently bronze 2 doing the climb of the ranks which seems to be getting higher and higher.
My IGN for LOL is: RedRecurve
I'm currently bronze 2 doing the climb of the ranks which seems to be getting higher and higher.
Sweenster13
- Posts : 2
Join date : 2014-06-21
Age : 61
Location : New Mexico
Re: League of Legends
LOL Ayyyyy, Add me - IGN: XxCyclonexX
Im Gold IV
Im Gold IV
xwasteofmemoryx
- Posts : 3
Join date : 2014-06-18
Re: League of Legends
Name: I Am Your Hero
Re: League of Legends
My name in league, as in most games, is Rogueleader89, though I haven't played league in a very long time and I don't currently have it installed so you're unlikely to see me on
Rogueleader89
- Admin
- Posts : 38
Join date : 2014-04-15
Re: League of Legends
Name: Pyr0babe
Orieokiller123
- Posts : 2
Join date : 2014-07-03
Sponsored content
-
Page 1 of 1
Permissions in this forum:You cannot reply to topics in this forumBackground Vaccination against tuberculosis (TB) should provide long-term protective immunity against (in cattle [12], rhesus macaques [13], mice [14] and guinea pigs [15]. up, which was 12 weeks in TB008 and TB011 and 6 weeks in TB014. Earlier participants or their parents/legal guardians were approached to participate in this buy Complanatoside A adhere to up study. Written educated consent and assent, if the player was a small between 7 and 17 years older, were acquired in the participant’s home language. Study methods included a targeted medical history and exam, phlebotomy, and administration of buy Complanatoside A a tuberculin pores and skin test (TST, Mantoux method). Consent for participation included allowing access to player medical records including CD4+ Capital t cell count and viral weight records for trial TB011 participants. The TST was read after 48C72 hours at the participant’s home, school or place of work using a transparent ruler to measure the largest transverse diameter [27]. For regularity with TST cut-offs with earlier tests, we defined TST indurations of >15 mm as positive in adults and adolescents who were earlier participants of trial TB008 [17], [22], whereas TST indurations of 10 mm were defined as positive in children, infants and infection, scored by IFN- ELISpot reactions to ESAT-6 and CFP-10. A cut-off of 50 spot forming devices (SFU) per million PBMC was regarded as positive, as previously described [17]. Table 1 Demographic and medical characteristics recorded after long-term follow-up of previously MVA85A-vaccinated individuals. Data analysis was performed with FlowJo software version 9.0 (TreeStar). The Boolean gate platform was used with individual cytokine entrance to generate all possible response pattern mixtures. The data analysis programs PESTLE (version 1.5.4) and buy Complanatoside A Essence (Simplified Demonstration of Incredibly Compound Evaluations; version 4.1.6) were used to analyse circulation cytometry data and generate graphical representations of Capital t cell reactions using background-deducted circulation cytometric data (both kindly provided by Mario Roederer, Vaccine Study Center, NIAID, NIH). Statistical checks were performed using Prism version 4.03 (GraphPad). Capital t cell reactions at different time points were compared using Kruskal-Wallis (overall effect) and Mann-Whitney U checks. Combined Cdc14B1 evaluations of immune buy Complanatoside A system reactions at individual pre- or post-vaccination time points were carried out using the Wilcoxon Matched up Pairs test. Results Participants Of the 252 participants of the earlier phase I/II MVA85A vaccine tests, 182 (72.2%) were located and enrolled into this long-term follow-up study. Seventeen of 24 (70.8%) adults from trial TB008 were re-enrolled at a median of 5.7 years since MVA85A vaccination (range 5.3C6.1 years), while nine of 12 (75%) young people were re-enrolled at a median of 4.6 years (range 4.4C4.8 years) post-vaccination (Table 1). One hundred and nineteen (70.8%) of the 168 TB014 participants were located and enrolled, including 16 (66.6%) of 24 children and 103 of 144 (71.5%) babies. The babies were distributed across three organizations who received increasing MVA85A doses, and a placebo control group, who received Prevenar?, mainly because put out in Table 1. Of the 48 trial TB011 participants, 37 buy Complanatoside A (77.1%) were located and enrolled (Table 1). These included 11 (91.6%) from Group 1 (and HIV co-infected) and nine (75%) from Group 4 (HIV-infected and stable on antiretroviral therapy (ARV); +/? M.tb infection). Follow-up time since MVA85A vaccination ranged from 1.9 to 4.3 years (Table 1). Health Assessment Nine healthy babies were created to participants of the TB008 [17] and TB011 [24] tests since the final trial study check out. No hospitalisations or appointments to a health facility for a condition probably, probably or definitely related to the study vaccine were reported for any participants of the TB008 trial. None of them of the TB008 participants experienced been prescribed TB treatment since the trial. One adult and two adolescents may have acquired illness in the TB008 trial. The increase in TST induration for these two adolescents was 6 mm. Seven of the participants who previously enrolled as babies into the TB014 trial experienced received TB treatment since the final medical trial check out: two in Group 1, one each in Organizations 2 and 3, and three in the Prevenar? group. A total of 6participants who previously enrolled as babies received TB prophylaxis;.Policies and Regulations
For the health and comfort of our guests, grandstands and concourses at Charlotte Motor Speedway, zMAX Dragway and The Dirt Track are smoke-free, including the use of e-cigarettes. This policy also applies to terrace boxes, kids' play zones, bathhouses and restrooms.
In conjunction with this policy, smoking lounges with flat-screen televisions and high-top tables will be conveniently located at each of our three venues. Smoking is also allowed in open-air campgrounds, parking lots, hospitality and souvenir display areas.
It is our goal to reduce the risk of secondhand smoke exposure to our fans, while still allowing the freedom of choice with convenient smoking locations during our events.
Enforcement -- Ushers will direct those found smoking in the grandstands to the nearest smoking lounge, and repeat offenders will be asked to leave.If you have any further questions about the locations of our smoking lounges or implementation of this policy, please give us a call at 1-800-455-FANS (3267).
We appreciate the continued feedback of our fans and welcome your comments at 1-800-455-FANS (3267) or via email to feedback@charlottemotorspeedway.com.
Speedway Club members and guests are asked to meet our standard dress code at all times.
The Speedway Club Restaurant and Fifth Turn Lounge: The dress code consists of business casual/country club casual such as dress pants and capris, golf-style/walking shorts. In addition to the above, we will allow jeans, jean shorts, running shoes and casual shirts. Jackets and ties are not required. No screen printed t-shirts; undershirts; cut-off shorts; athletic wear; torn or tattered clothing; or beach style flip-flops.
For certain outdoor events, we will honor a relaxed dress code in keeping with the event.
Management has the right to define "appropriate" attire. Members are responsible for informing all guests about the dress code. There is a relaxation of the dress code within reason for children under 12.
Please call (704) 455-3216 for further questions and details.
Guests may bring a 14" by 14" by 14" cooler into Charlotte Motor Speedway, zMAX Dragway and The Dirt Track containing food and beverage, provided that all substances contained in the cooler are legal and there are no glass containers or other potentially hazardous materials.
Coolers may be brought into the facility until one hour after the start of the race. *NASCAR EventsOnly..
For your safety and well-being, Charlotte Motor Speedway asks that certain rules and regulations be followed;
- rests
Charlotte Motor Speedway, The Dirt Track at Charlotte or the zMAX Dragway will not be held responsible for items left in the speedway or around the gate areas.
CMS offers ADA Van Service and ADA Golf Cart Shuttle Service. Vans and golf carts are available at each of the designated handicap parking areas (Located on Map).!
Rain Check: In the event of postponement event tickets will be honored for the rescheduled date. NO REFUNDS or EXCHANGES
GENERAL CONTESTING GUIDELINES
From time to time, Charlotte Motor Speedway, LLC ("CMS") 48 contiguous United States and the District of Columbia (excluding residents of New York, Rhode Island and Florida) who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry.
Employees of Speedway Motorsports, Inc , a/k/a Sonoma Raceway, Texas Motor Speedway,: Charlotte Motor Speedway's Official Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or snapchat stating how contestants can enter. The actions to enter may be but not limited to: retweets, likes, shares, repost, commenting, or screenshots. or.
(e) Mobile App Download. During the specified Entry Period, download the free CMS Mobile App, and participant will automatically be entered into Contest. All information you provide must be truthful, accurate and complete. Upon successfully submitting your entry to Sponsor as described above you will receive one (1) entry in the Sweepstakes.
Limit one (1) entry per person and per.
Content: (a) must comply with the designated Official Contest Rules and any Terms of Service on the CMS website; (b) must be uploaded in format specified and must comply with the posting requirements set forth above and as posted on the CMS CMS; CMS does not permit the infringement of others' rights and any use of materials not original to the participant (except copyrighted materials owned by CMS) is grounds for disqualification from the Contest.  CMS.For those who don't understand DNS: rest assured it was the cause of the intermittent mail/website problems people have been expeirencing for the last few months
For those who do understand DNS: It would seem that the glue for the authoratitive name servers used for thelandofbob.com were not present in all GLTD servers. This meant that infrequently DNS resolution could not happen resulting in eMails being bounced and/or delayed, along with HTTP traffic failing as the domain seemed not to exist. I've changed the name servers to ones which have all their glue intact and now all works ok.
For everyone: Hoorah!Capstone is a multi-architecture, multi-platform disassembly framework. It has a simple and lightweight architecture-neutral API, thread-safe by design, provides details on disassembled instruction, and more.
b62dd7e8cb0651964f8221e8830f2bd.
abb5c7efaff3394c0a49ff970841a2ac
Dolibarr ERP and CRM version 3.5.3 suffers from multiple remote SQL injection vulnerabilities.
ccc3e00af24dabe06d7109a7d9bb49b2
It was discovered that a number of the protocol handlers (referred to as IO slaves) did not satisfactorily handle malicious input. It is possible for an attacker to inject JavaScript by manipulating IO slave URI such that the JavaScript from the manipulated request is returned in the response.
36248d1b9a357a4aabeb1f26abe80403
Faronics Deep Freeze Standard and Enterprise suffers from an arbitrary code execution vulnerability.
3bd8a034d285c2f3bef972f16de36799
Joomla Simple Email Form version 1.8.5 suffers from a cross site scripting vulnerability.
76b4b4d7e4604fbb7f34f01cd0e9196d
In Android versions prior to 5.0, java.io.ObjectInputStream did not check whether the Object that is being deserialized is actually serializable. This means that when ObjectInputStream is used on untrusted inputs, an attacker can cause an instance of any class with a non-private parameterless constructor to be created.. Proof of concept code included.
a10b87e74671949b21111b5b65291122
Mandriva Linux Security Advisory 2014-215 -.
79a9935d9db7ee9a27842646bb66d102
Debian Linux Security Advisory 3074-1 - Francisco Alonso of Red Hat Product Security found an issue in the file utility, whose code is embedded in PHP, a general-purpose scripting language. When checking ELF files, note headers are incorrectly checked, thus potentially allowing attackers to cause a denial of service (out-of-bounds read and application crash) by supplying a specially crafted ELF file.
9f595bde9498f9a62044af263152f44e
Debian Linux Security Advisory 3074-2 - The previous update for php5, DSA-3074-1, introduced regression in the sessionclean cron script. The change was intended to fix a potential symlink attack using filenames including the NULL character (Debian bug #766147), but depended on sed package version too recent, not in Wheezy.
e11e6b6614dcc60525c269310854d10b
This is a tool to exploit .NET Remoting Services vulnerable to CVE-2014-1806 or CVE-2014-4149. It only works on Windows although some aspects might work in Mono on *nix.
2f08afabb6a71899af115848864f91b0
Snowfox CMS version 1.0 suffers from a cross site request forgery vulnerability.
366e05a08b476d41ca5bba36adeb95f9
Apple Security Advisory 2014-11-17-3 - Apple TV 7.0.2 is now available and addresses arbitrary code execution and unsigned code execution security issues.
7dae31e90afdf47dc4cae9e5a59fb552
Snowfox CMS version 1.0 suffers from an open redirection vulnerability.
eed1994257b52e84e60c66e6946f25be
Apple Security Advisory 2014-11-17-2 - OS X 10.10.1 is now available and addresses a privacy issue, arbitrary code execution, and various other security issues.
abe867d0c4edab24ce041ca8be40de90
Apple Security Advisory 2014-11-17-1 - iOS 8.1.1 is now available and addresses code execution and various other security flaws.
6be6e54ae5290c662923b7384a556455
It was found out that malformed network traffic (AOVD-based) can lead to an abnormal behavior if verbose output of tcpdump monitoring the network is used. Affected versions are 3.8 through 4.6.2.
d5a2abd7730459ab4c0f43a3bfb24e7c
tcpdump versions 4.5.0 through 4.6.2 suffers from a denial of service vulnerability when handling a malformed Geonet payload.
03579669f0dc56b0dada067c167c6789
tcpdump versions 3.9.6 through 4.6.2 suffers from a denial of service vulnerability when handling a malformed OLSR payload.
47fd4d5a6cafa3e38b04b96334e1d293Well, we made a venture down to the town office to ask what we had to do to become a registered and legal farm. We knew that in this day and age farms can benefit from tax breaks and a series of other things. Besides my dearest is a very by-the-books kind of guy. He is so painfully law abiding that he glares at me every time he sees me eat a grape at the grocery store (Hey! I’m not wasting my money if they’re sour!)
We want to start this farm out right. I want to make it a poultry farm that raises chicks for local sale and hatching eggs for sale abroad. I’d also be super happy to start an herb and veggie garden aside from all that. So we asked, what does it cost and what do we need to do to make our farm legit? No one had the answer. We went from office to office until we found ourselves at the building inspector’s office. She had a lot to say… mainly we didn’t own enough land to really be a legitimate farm (5 acres) so we’d have to apply for approval to be a “non-exempt” farm, a process that’d cost us over $500 and require a board of people to all say yes. Well that didn’t sound good. She said we had to draw up a business plan and tell them every little detail of every activity we planed to do with the farm, our animals, and whatever else was going on on the property. She said make it bigger than we initially plan because whatever we say in this proposal we’ll be held to, by the letter. In other words if we say we’ll have 100 chickens then that’s what we’re allowed to have, no bending the rules after the fact. This greatly annoyed me. It’s an antagonizing thought to the expansive nature of a farm and besides how do I know what we’ll have?! They’re asking us to draw ourselves in a box. Wonderful.
Right now I have no idea how many chickens we’ll have because I have yet to plant the pasture and set up the rotational fencing to see how many chickens the land can stand before going bald. This is my cap, not some number plucked out of the air, and I have no idea how many chickens this would be. Besides this what else are we going to have that aren’t “just for personal use”?? I mean I was going to have a small number of ducks, turkeys, and a handful of alpacas to keep the weedier weeds from growing too high but what if we’re bound to that when we for instance discover that goats or sheep are much better at this than alpacas?? Or do we just go all-out nutcase and say we’re opening a zoo for every farm animal known just so we have our asses covered?! (Including the donkey kind!)
I can’t know exactly what our farm will be doing 4 months from now, much less forever. Do we have to be re-approved every time something is added?? I mean the whole idea of a farm is flexibility. I might have a vegetable garden and a farm stand, I might not. I might get into quail, or sell off extra roosters for dog food, or start teaching others about my methods or general farm knowledge through classes held here, who knows! And as for putting every detail down… we just moved here. I don’t even know what the market needs or wants. For example I want to sell chicks to the locals in the warmer months but since I haven’t tried selling chicks to anyone I have no idea if there’s any interest or how much, therefore I can’t make a business plan and state how many chicks I will have at any given time because I just don’t know! That depends on the market!
I’m not feeling too great about this. I am thinking this might be the brick wall I have run into every time I start anything. My beau is unconcerned, stating if it is a problem perhaps we can just buy the land behind us. It’d make us over 5 acres but that’s another 100K, for what? A large lot of completely forested area that makes us look better on paper but does nothing else?? I mean it gives us land to expand to but that’d take a lot of effort and money to do so, not just because it’s wooded but also because we’d need to build access to it going over a huge cliff-like hill. I just don’t know anymore…. I think this is why most little mini farms don’t report anything and just fly under the radar which is exactly what I’d be doing if I weren’t being encouraged to be legitimate by my dearest. SIGH. Too late for that now.Gustav, Ritter von Kahr, (knight of ) .
Kahr was appointed provincial governor of Upper Bavaria in 1917. Shortly after the abortive Kapp Putsch against the Weimar Republic in March 1920, Kahr became prime minister of Bavaria. Enjoying the support of the paramilitary Einwohnerwehren (Home Guards) and reactionary elements, he immediately dissolved the leftist “workers and soldiers’ councils.” In June 1921, however, the Home Guards were disbanded under pressure from the Allies, and Kahr resigned (September 1921) after the Bavarian legislative leaders refused to support his defiance of a Reich decree to restore order and public peace.
Two years later, during the widespread confusion that accompanied the Franco-Belgian occupation of the Ruhr, he was appointed General-Staatskommissar (“state commissioner general”) by the Bavarian government with virtually dictatorial powers. In open defiance of the Reich government, he fostered plans for a Bavarian secession and monarchical restoration; but he had to drop such plans after Adolf Hitler’s Beer Hall Putsch in Munich (November 1923)—a coup that would have both complemented and countered his own designs and one that he was forced to suppress. Resigning his post the following February, he subsequently served as president of the Bavarian court administration. He was killed in the Nazis’ purge of June 30, 1934..
September 4, 2012 (Newswire.com) -
Tags: daily, deals, onlinePope Francis receives Fra’ Giacomo Dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto and the Sovereign Council
Rome, 23/06/2017 follow you, I pray for you, proceed along this path,” were the Pope’s words at the end of the 35-minute meeting with the Lieutenant of the Grand Master. “The Holy Father was very affectionate and paternal and very attentive to the human and spiritual aspects of our work,” said Frà Giacomo.
One issue discussed during the audience was the reform of the Constitutional Charter, launched to bring the Order of Malta more in line with the requirements of an institution that, in recent years, has expanded and significantly increased its global presence.
The Lieutenant of the Grand Master illustrated to Pope Francis the Order of Malta’s main projects for assisting and supporting the host of refugees, displaced persons and migrants all over the world, not only in the areas involved in the serious humanitarian crises such as the countries bordering Syria, including Lebanon and Turkey, but also in the African countries devastated by conflicts and famine, such as South Sudan, not to mention the countries of migrant transit and arrival, including Italy and Germany. With its 120,000 volunteers and operators and over 2000 projects in 120 countries, the Order of Malta provides health, social and psychological care to the most fragile and vulnerable. Alongside the emergency projects to rescue communities in difficulty, the Order of Malta’s traditional mission of health and social care continues.
During the meeting, Fra’ Giacomo Dalla Torre also described the Order’s activities in the diplomatic sphere for promoting the respect of international humanitarian laws with the participation in numerous summits, such as the Global Forum on Migration and Development, opening in Berlin next week.
At the end of the audience the Pope received the Order’s Sovereign Council.
Fra’ Giacomo Dalla Torre presented the Pope with a specially minted silver medal commemorating the Order of Malta’s 59th international pilgrimage to Lourdes.
Afterwards, the delegation led by Fra’ Giacomo Dalla Torre was received by the Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal Pietro Parolin.
By tradition, the meeting with the Pope was on the occasion of the feastday of St. John the Baptist, patron of the Sovereign Order of Malta, celebrated on June 24.A motorcyclist from the Peterhead area was killed on Sunday following a one vehicle collision on the A98 Banff to Portsoy road.
Michael Reid, 29, died following the incident which occurred at the Banff RAF Memorial lay-by at Boyndie at approximately 2 pm on Sunday September 18.
Mr Reid was driving a blue and white Suzuki GSXR 1000cc motorbike at the time of the crash.
Road Policing Sergeant David Pirie said: “First and foremost our thoughts are with Mr Reid’s family and friends at this very sad time.
“Enquiries into the incident are still on-going and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time and has not yet come forward with information to contact Police on 101.”A) (Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistribu)
A sea of yellow, blue, and red filled the Federal Plaza entrance in New York on Wednesday with people wearing Ecuadoran soccer jerseys with pride to call attention for U.S. relief after the devastating earthquake hit Ecuador. Ecuadoran immigrants living in the U.S. urged President Barack Obama and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to grant them and their families Temporary Protective Status (TPS).
The April 16, 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Ecuador’s Manabí province, killing more than 650 people. The cities of Manta and Pedernales experienced the most damage as aftershocks continued to rock Ecuador, which postponed efforts to rebuild.
Read more at vivala.com
Like us on FacebookEast Bay 510K
Race Information
The East Bay 510 is a 5K and 10K race and is the third and final event in the Represent Running's Run the Bay Challenge Series.
Both 5k and 10k events feature our updated point-to-point course starting on the frontage road by Tom Bates Regional Sports Complex and finishing at Bay Street Emeryville. After the event, enjoy refreshments with your fellow runners.
Runners who are not in the bay area can also get in on the action by registering as a remote runner for the 10k or 5k. Runners can submit their race times and will get a finisher's certificate, race shirt and finisher's medal as well, making this the perfect event for everyone to get involved!
Runners who participate in all 3 races in the series will be awarded with a special finishers medal after this event!
Video
Related Events
Did you know that this race is part of a series of runs? If you like this race you may want to run one of the following Run The Bay Challenge events.An Experimental re-evaluation of Photon Mass Attenuation Coefficients
Date2013-03-28
Author
Crewson, Cody
TypeThesis
Degree LevelMasters
Abstract
Photon mass attenuation coefficients are indispensable input parameters for use in several disciplines. They are of value for medical diagnostics, radiation therapy, material science, etc. Currently, photon mass attenuation coefficients derived from model calculations are widely used. This project directly measured the photon mass attenuation coefficients of water and a number of water based solutions. These measurements were made using a High Purity Germanium (HPGe) detector allowing for increased resolution beyond traditional techniques. Four sources were used (\Ba, \Eu, \Cs, \Am) producing multiple photons of interest over the range of 40 keV to 1.4 MeV, allowed for simultaneous collection of data and a refining of uncertainties beyond past techniques. Direct measurements using a new liquid technique supported the validity of Bragg's additive law, allowing for the mass attenuation coefficient of a constituent element to be calculated from a set of independent measurements. This technique allows materials not easily directly measured to be determined without an overburdening increase in uncertainty. The same direct measurements showed a deviation from the currently relied upon National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) database - XCOM. Investigations of the deviation and surrounding references showed XCOM being at most accurate to 5 \% relative uncertainty.
DegreeMaster of Science (M.Sc.)
DepartmentPhysics and Engineering Physics
ProgramPhysics
SupervisorRangacharyulu, Chary
CommitteeHirose, Akira; Pywell, Rob; Deters, Ralph; Xiao, Chijin
Subject
physics
gamma radiation
attenuation coefficients
compton scattering
photo-electric effectPendle Leisure Trust has been awarded £153,638 from Arts Council England for a new theatre programme.
The Strategic Touring Project aims to give more people better access to quality theatrical work across a range of venues, including The ACE Centre in Nelson and The Muni in Colne.
With the funding, Pendle Leisure Trust will run a project designed to dramatically increase artistic involvement by working alongside youth and community programmers.
The project aims to devise, develop and deliver an exciting and energetic new artistic programme across four core venues in Pendle and Blackburn with Darwen.
They will include The ACE Centre and The Muni, starting this month and running until October 2015.
Pendle Leisure Trust’s Arts Development Manager, Kirsty Rose, said: “Although the grant has been awarded to Pendle Leisure Trust, we are working in partnership with Blackburn with Darwen Council and Culturapedia to deliver a quality theatre programme for the people of Lancashire at a number of Pendle, Blackburn and Darwen Project is designed to encourage collaboration between organisations, so that more people can experience and be inspired by the arts, particularly in places which rely on touring for much of their arts entertainment.”
Alison Clark-Jenkins, Director North for Arts Council England, added: “I am delighted that Pendle Leisure Trust is being supported through our Strategic Touring Project.
“Their plans to work with four venues across the region, as well as youth and community programmers, will increase the opportunities for people to see high-quality work where they live, as well as enable the development of future projects which will continue to benefit audiences.”Benjamin Roberts Bridal Range
New Collection from Benjamin Roberts
Renowned Wedding Dress Designers Benjamin Roberts have launched a new collection which combines the Tia, Benjamin Roberts and Karen George collections into one simple BENJAMIN ROBERTS label.
The new 2017 collection offers a huge variety of diverse styles; some dresses are festival, boohoo style dresses with no trains so you can party and feel comfortable all day long and into the night. Some are sexy silhouette dresses which are all about the ‘booty’, using figure hugging fabrics to really show off your shape. Others feature romantic embellished bodices for the fairy-tale bride with stunning necklines, huge tulle or organza skirts and impressive trains. Some dresses feature crepe or embossed printed flowers, simple lines, stunning focal points and low sexy backs. This collection truly offers something for ever brides style.
Benjamin Roberts also have a range for curvy brides called Gorgeous with Curves, which offers styles from the original collection they feel would suit the curvy bride.
See more at hereThursday, 9 July 2009 By Chant Wagner Sonia Kashuk Hidden Treasure Brush Set & Coral Reef Highlighter Check out these new cosmetic brushes by Sonia Kashuk. Don't they look great and as summery as can be with this coral-branch theme going on? The Hidden Treasure Brush Set and the Coral Reef Highlighter need to be bought separately. The handles are made of an aluminium alloy from what I can tell. Lovely higher-end design for a beer budget.They're new and available at Target for $19.99 and $12.99 respectively.Surplus Princess - Episode 10 Final (A SongJaeRimJob)
Surplus Princess ends as crazily as it started. Although not as pervy, which makes our kokos sad. You know what else makes our kokos sad? No?
JoAnne: I can only speak for my own koko, Mary. Although I really prefer not to even do that.
becca: I have very mixed feelings about this ending. But yes, most of them are sad. And if they're not sad, they're cranky.
kakashi: It's finally Oooooooooover! *does happyhappy dance*
EPISODE 10 Love Like You've Never Been Hurt (By A Drama)
Hyun-myung hug-gratulates Hani while Shi-kyung watches from the sidelines. When Jin-ah calls him away for some JH matters, he walks off in a daze. Ji-yong and Big run out of the contest area too. They don't see The Hug. They're just adorkably noisy and proud about how Hani saved the shaking box. They also don't notice the awkward staring between HornDog and Hani.
JoAnne: Is everyone selectively blind? Is Shi Kyung a metaphor for the human condition?
becca: The human condition isn't as hot as he is.
kakashi: But I think the human condition has a better haircut.
It's awarding time!!! The first place (and $10,000) goes to.... *dugeun dugeun dugeun* SHAKING BOX TEAM!!! (what an excellet surprise!!! ... not) Shi-kyung looks proud but he seems like he's trying to tamp down some sad feels (my poor Shep). Jin-ah and the Elite Shits are devastated. Especially since CEO Hong announces that the winners are invited to be JH Food interns with a possibility of being hired on full-time.
JoAnne: PLUS JH Foods wants to buy the idea off them. Take THAT, you shitters.
becca: *singing and dancing* Heundeureo Chuseyo! (shake shake shake shake shake shake)
Hani narrates (remember she was telling us "her story" since Episode 1? nope I do but tvN didn't until now) that up to that point, things were going well. But there were huge problems about to come. One of them being Hyun-myung. (Me: How huge, exactly? For it to be a problem?)
JoAnne: It would have to be pretty huge to be a problem. I mean, think about babies. We manage them ok. I wonder if men ever look at us and think about how we give birth and say 'wow, that is some crazy shit.' Personally, I think it's a design flaw.
becca: But babies HURT. You wouldn't want that kind of pain ALL the time.
kakashi: I agree with JoAnne. Laying eggs would be much better.
Her current problem is drinking in the Surplus yard with the other boys, telling Sun-kyu about the contest. They reenact Hyun-myung fainting and Hani dancing with the shaking box. They also thank Sun-kyu for "indirectly" helping them out by taking them on a trip and feeding them in those lunch tins. They also joke that maybe he's the Contest King and he did the trip + lunch tin on purpose. Sun-kyu only smiles at their "jokes".
JoAnne: Ha ha ha funny. Stop poking me in the ribs, show. You aren't getting off my shit list that easily.
becca: The thought that he did that intentionally actually bothers me. Because then it's not really their idea, is it? I mean, it is. But it isn't. He thought of it first.
kakashi: It may be because I haven't watched the latter half of this show with subs, but I seriously don't get Sun-kyu as a character. Why? How? But because? The good thing about this: it doesn't matter. This is oooooooover! *continues happy dance*
But where is Hani? The woman of the hour?
Hani is upstairs in her room, calling herself all kinds of crazy. Here she managed to get close to Shi-kyung and maybe get him to like her, and her kokoro starts pounding for Hyun-myung. Hye-young agrees and calls her a fish-brain. It was just the proximity and the excitement of the moment that made her heart pound! She tells her to focus on her true love and not be distracted by hormones. Her life is at stake! She needs to fulfill her true love quest with Shi-kyung. Otherwise she's dead.
JoAnne: Funny... very often in horror movies the kids who have sex are the ones who die and it's often said that in the end these are morality tales. And yet, here we have a show that posits (indirectly) that she has to have sex to LIVE. I mean, let's not beat around the bush. (ha, pun) True love includes sex, right? Unless you're really, really unlucky...
becca: It is referred to as consummation for a reason, yes. True love can exist before that, but since we don't really know how this show is defining true love - but then we don't know a LOT about what this show is trying to do, so... yeah. Most stories like this need some kind of act of true love to prove it. Sex seems the most likely in this case.
kakashi: Hyun-myung doesn't get that true love=hormones. Yes, I'm romantic like that.
That last part was heard by HornDog who came upstairs to fetch them for the chukka-party. He pretends not to hear, of course, and just calls them down.
kakashi: All he can think of is consummation.
Big takes his Hye-young noona aside again. Now that they've won the contest and are JH interns, he's come to inquire about the promise. He asks if his noona likes him too? Hye-young says yes. Big's face lights up so much I wanna climb him (hahahahah) and cover his ears for what's to come (oh, different reason than I expected). "Really?!" he asks. Hye-young nods. Of course. She likes him. As a dongsaeng.
becca: BULL. SHIT. Give it up, girl, you KNOW you want him!!
Big asks Hye-young to take the question and his feelings seriously. "Stop trying to build boundaries... or I'll be tempted to break them" says Big. But noona denies having kokoro-like feelings for him, so he stomps away, leaving Hye-young to guiltily mutter that he's trying to be cool. The little shit.
JoAnne: Girl, he ain't trying. He IS.
With Big drinking beer after beer and Hye-young sitting quietly on the side, their garden chukka-party isn't as lively as expected. Still, Ji-yong and Hyun-myung dream of buying an expensive steak for dinner with their first JH paycheck. They revise it to grilling samgyupsal at home instead (so they can eat more meat). Aww... I dreamed of buying a whole pizza to myself with my first scholarship stipend too... Anyway, Shi-kyung calls Hani to invite her on a date tomorrow. Which of course HornDog hears and becomes sad about.
JoAnne: Where's the KDrama where she gets them BOTH, huh? (that was WTFParis!!!) Or wait... since lots of times we're not crazy about the girl, but love both guys - where's the KDrama where they ditch the bitch and go for a real bromance?
becca: Yep, sometimes there's better chemistry between the guys. It'll probably never happen, though.
Next morning, the boys do a dress rehearsal for their first day of work. (Aww) Hani comes downstairs all dressed and they ask her if she's also trying out her "First Day of Work" clothes. Nope! Says Hye-young. Hani is going on a date with their company boss. Today. (LOL) Hye-young also loudly compliments Big's model look, but Big is still mad at noona and stomps off to his room.
JoAnne: It's ok, Big. Come find Noona.
becca: Mad at Hye-young right now. She's being obnoxious about it.
Hani says goodbye to everyone, hesitating in front of HornDog. But she trots off to her date anyway. Hye-young goes back to her room. Ji-yong casually remarks about people scheduling dates when the forecast says it's gonna be rainy. And of course HornDog worriedly looks outside...
JoAnne: And it's never rained at all ever in the entire time she's been on dry land? Do you not think that checking the weather is the FIRST thing a person who should never get wet in public ought to do? Honestly. She has a brain the size of a goldfish.
becca: PANTS. Just sayin'.
Hani is walking to the meeting place and thinking of her two loves Hyun-myung and Shi-kyung. But her thoughts are interrupted by Rain with IU's cute Raindrops Song. (Oups. Sorry Jo, I meant rain. Without the capital R.)
JoAnne: It's okay. I am never bothered by reminders of My Beloved. Plus I never get tired of the joke about rain making things wet.
Hani shelters under a tree which isn't enough to keep her dry. And just like magic, *POOF* comes an umbrella with a hot namja attached. Sadly, this hot namja is not My Hot Namja. But it will do. What it lacks in Rim, it makes up for in cuteness and puppy eyes sincerity. And when it smiled such a sweet sad smile, took out its handkerchief, and wiped Hani's feet, koko started leaping at the screen, asking to be introduced.
JoAnne: And now I think of your koko like a pokemon. This is not an improvement, because - this may surprise you - I don't really want to think about your koko at all.
becca: Why does Hyun-myung have to be so sweet? I mean, he is PERFECT. And yet... I honestly feel that it's too late for me to get fully onboard this ship. It's like I'm just crossing gangway and the ship's already pulling out to sea.
I swiped koko away because I have to recap how HornDog (because we all know it's HornDog, right?) pretends to be going the same place as Hani, just so she'll have an excuse to borrow his umbrella. When Hani still hesitates to leave the shade, HornDog tells her to climb him. I mean, his back, for some classic kdrama piggybacking.
JoAnne: He's such a love.
becca: He is, but her legs are still gonna get wet that way.
Then, because this drama wants to wreck me, we switch to Shi-kyung waiting in the rain too. He's all smiles and very excited about his date with Hani. (I crey.) Through my tears, I notice that they matched the men's clothes with their umbuhrella-ella-ellas.
JoAnne: So... everyone knows that umbrellas don't actually do anything but keep your HAIR from getting wet, and maybe your shoulders, right? Why is he just standing around outside? Why is he not inside waiting?
becca: Exactly! Her legs should be soaked! *can't let it go*
So our Horny Pair (sadly not that horny, these days) are talking about that other time when she got drunk and he piggybacked her too. Hyun-myung pretends to drop her because she's too heavy. Hani protests loudly... which Shi-kyung hears. He turns around and sees the two being chummy and OTP-ish. He looks away like he doesn't want to see... but he looks back anyway. If it were you, you can't help but look too. (I crey. They're all so good... I didn't crey like this during WTFParis. There are advantages to having an Alexithymia Alex, it seems.)
JoAnne: And then he just continues to stand there watching? No saying anything, no running up and saying thanks, bro, I got this little piece of cutie sushi now?
becca: Because he is what we have suspected all along: the True Second. Yeah. I'm just gonna go ahead and start crying now, okay?
Hyun-myung puts Hani down near her meeting place with Shi-kyung. Then he walks away, insisting she keep the umbrella. Shi-kyung puts on a brave smile and calls out to Hani. She walks over to him but she keeps looking back at HornDog, worried that he's getting wet. *giggle giggle while creying*
JoAnne: Meanwhile
porn POOR HornDog walks away without the girl OR an umbrella? Also, I left that because I didn't type it on purpose and it made me laugh.
Shi-kyung takes her to a fancy steak place for lunch. She tells him how all of her friends would be delighted to eat in such a place. Shi-kyung grins and tells her to bring her friends and he'll treat them. But that smile falters when Hani excitedly says her friend Hyun-myung has a huge appetite. It's sad that Hani is trying her best to keep liking Shi-kyung and Shi-kyung can see it too. But you can see that he can see that Hani's mind is elsewhere...
JoAnne: I blame the abrupt nature of her U-turn on the shortening of the drama. I do think she was always meant for Hyun-Mung, but we didn't get to see it happen properly.
becca: Oh, definitely. He was always end-game. For the integrity of the story, though, I feel like it would have been better to abandon that once they were cut. I completely understand why they DIDN'T. But I'm still sad about it. As a writer, I think I'd rather tell a good, sensical story, then try to cram in what I wanted where it didn't fit anymore. They must have been really attached to the original ending.
Meanwhile at Surplus House, Ji-yong sucks up to Hye-young during dinner. He wants to be hooked up with her pretty friends. Hehe. He says that now that they're no longer jobhunters, their "market value" has increased. He points to Big who already has lots of blind dates lined up. Hye-young chokes on her food while Ji-yong describes how Big and him are sooooo gonna get a girlfriend now. Big looks defiantly at noona and puts on an exaggerated show of being excited about "girls". Haha.
JoAnne: He is SO angry.
becca: And I'm enjoying it. Yes, I am.
After dinner, Hye-young practices her lines "I don't want our relationship to be serious". She overhears Big in the yard, talking to someone about blind dates. (He's actually turning down the friend's offer, saying he needs to focus on work.) But Hye-young only hears the "blind date" part and scoffs at his shallowness. Then she remembers their kiss during acting "practice"...
She repeats her I-don't-want-a-serious-relationship line but tacks on an "I don't want to lose you" after. Next thing we see, she's walking up to Big outside. She grabs his hand and tells him not to answer the call. "Ahn Hye-young has a question for Park Dae-bak. Do I... like you?" as Lee Hongki's 말이야 starts playing in the background. HAHAHAHA~ Even the camera work is so Heirs, with Big just wide-eyed for a long time and the camera doing repetitive panning shots of them just standing there. LOL.
JoAnne: Well that sure didn't take long! Oh wait... they don't have long. Well, I wanted them together - so I guess there's not much point in complaining about how it happens.
kakashi: Hoooray for Park Shin-hye like kisses.
becca: And it's not like it has the same whiplash effect as some plot-lines.
Hye-young forcefully tells Big that they should date in secret, because she's shyyyyyy. Big blink-blinks. Then the music stops abruptly as he says he doesn't want to. He's already over his noona. He leaves Hye-young looking stunned. But it was just a fake out. He comes back and back-hugs her, shouting that noona is his girlfriend now. She hits him for being too noisy so Big turns her around and kisses her. They hug again and Hye-young squeals into his chest (stomach?) Anyway, they're cute. Kim Seulgi is cute. She needs her own show. ^_____^
JoAnne: They are adorable together. *squees*
becca: *squeeee* I love the way she buries her face in his chest! And how HAPPY he is! And how adorable theY are! In short, I love THEM! ^____^
Shi-kyung walks Hani home. They promise to go on another date when the weather is nice. He wishes her luck on her first day of work and tells her to be careful, he's a strict boss. Why are they so cute? *sigh* Once Hani goes in, Shi-kyung looks sad and thoughtful again.
JoAnne: Where's Shuk? Is this guy related to Leo?
Shuk: According to Google Fu, he is Leo's father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
becca: No. He is better. He is actually worthy of our sympathy. He has a personality. And he DOESN'T have a weird mustache. *remembers WTFParis* He can rock one, though, if he wants to.
Hyun-myung is surprised that Hani is back early. She says something about getting ready for work tomorrow and asks if he didn't get soaked or something. He assures her it's okay and they stand there just smiling a little at each other. It's awkward. There's a bit of awareness on both sides but no one wants to act on it. Maybe they're trying to spare my koko, but for the record, koko will suffer whatever happens, so there's no use prolonging its agony.
JoAnne: Both guys are sweethearts, actually. Maybe she gets them both.
becca: I would like two endings, please.
kakashi: Yes, go have both, Hani. It's a bit stressful, but it can be pulled off.
Now for some cute! The four interns each get their awesome entrance to the company. Complete with mugging for the camera and mermaid doodles. Cute, all of them! Like a box of puppies!
The cuteness is cut abruptly when we switch to someone from HR looking for Team Leader Kim. There's a problem with Hani's bio. But TL Kim is in a meeting and it's Jin-ah who gets the copy of the REAL Kim Hani's bio. Which looks exactly like Hani's: address, educational background, birthdate, name, etc. Except the pic is of a different girl. (Shit.)
JoAnne: And how exactly did we not expect this? We are slacking.
becca: So many other things have been dropped in this show, it's actually surprising when they remember something.
Clueless Hani is having fun on her first day at work after being scared by Team Leader Kim who tells them to stop focusing on appearance and start proving they have the energy to keep up at JH. Ji-yong who is now crushing on ParisGirl after seeing her cleavage, tries to impress her with his "energy" by lifting a stack of food. He ends up farting instead and blaming it on Hyun-myung to save face.
JoAnne: The little graphic was kind of funny. Marginally.
It's this chatty atmosphere that Jin-ah walks in on as she orders Hani to follow her somewhere. She takes her to one of the deserted practice kitchens and confronts her about the duplicate CVs. Hani thinks quickly and admits that yes, she had some surgery done. So what? Didn't PoopWorm lie about finding Shi-kyung's phone too?
JoAnne: Love that excuse!
becca: Quick on her feet! She's not a total fish-brain. :)
PoopWorm isn't buying the surgery excuse. She gets all up in Hani's face and threatens to get her kicked out of JH. Hani shoves her away, causing her to crash into one of the display cakes. Something seems to snap inside PoopWorm and she grabs the damaged cake and smashes it into Mermaid's face. All the while screaming at her to reveal where she came from.
JoAnne: Wow, someone gets cranky if she doesn't eat breakfast!
becca: That cake is green. Gross.
Then a sexy voice shouts, "JIN-AH SHIT!!!" (I swear that's what I heard Shi-kyung say.) He finally saw the cake-smashing cray-cray side of Jin-ah. (It's about time!) Hani wipes her face and leaves quietly. Shi-kyung takes a moment to tell Jin-ah what a pooping scumfaced dirtdouche bugfucker she is before walking out too. (Well, his exact words were "Don't talk to me." I was just paraphrasing a little bit.)
JoAnne: ...dirtdouche bugfucker... *giggles quietly*
Hani hides in the JH shower room and tries to contact Ahn Ma-nyeo, but he's not picking up because the plot says so. Hani doesn't seem to be familiar with how showers work. She ends up soaking her body instead of just washing her hair+face. Needless to say, her legs turn to a fishtail again. PoopWorm who's looking for her ends up seeing her tail. She connects the dots: how excited Hani was about "her legs" near the Han River, how she found Shi-kyung's phone underwater... etc.
JoAnne: Yes because 'oh shit that acid I did in college is having a delayed reaction' is totally not the response you'd expect right? It's not the response I'd have at all, no, why do you ask?*
I was hoping PoopWorm's redemption will come via reluctant womance, where she swoops in and dries Hani's tail. But no dice. She just gets a really evil smirk on her face and doesn't go in and help our flopping cute Hani.
JoAnne: She looks possessed.
becca: Cartoon villain mode has been turned on! All she needs is a mustache to twirl. I wonder if we would have gotten a reluctant womance if they hadn't been cut. They could have at least been frenemies, I think.
Hani somehow finds a way to dry herself and go back to work in their outdoor cooking class shoot. Jin-ah watches her closely and notices her being careful around water. She orders her to wash the utensils. Hyun-myung clocks Jin-ah's evil look of Evility, so when Jin-ah walks toward Hani and pushes a five gallon-jug of water towards her, Hyun-myung tackles Hani to safety. They tumble in the grass which is quite safe (hehe) except he tripped on a giant lighting setup on the way down. It falls on them. He shields Hani from that too and it ends up crushing him, complete with smokey smoke effects.
JoAnne: No, he's just so hot he smokes.
becca: Truth.
Hani waits outside the operating room and remembers all the times HornDog saved her. She realizes HornDog knew about the Mermaid thing. Ahn Ma-nyeo talks to gongju-nim, saying sacrifice is a sign of true love. (Me: Can I, like, sacrifice PoopWorm's blood to prove my love for Shi-kyung then?) Ahn Ma-nyeo asks her if she really loves Shi-kyung? Is it her mind speaking, or her heart?
JoAnne: gongju-nim? Gongju is the name of one of FX Amber's chihuahuas...
In the yellow corner to hear the last bit: Shi-kyung. Looking DAMN good. Preach it, unni!
He waits for Hani in the hospital rooftop(?) Anyway, there's a random Mama Mary statue in this scene, as pointed out by Anonymous in Episode 8 jeob.) Which could be a sign that Baek PD is somehow monitoring our activities. Well, it would certainly explain a lot of the butt-grabbing and Rim-worshipping of the first few episodes. Wouldn't it?
JoAnne: There's also a chance that's all for Baek PD himself.
Shi-kyung gives Hani a canned coffee, which is now too cold/hot. Then he says that timing is one of the important aspects of cooking. You need timing in mixing the food at the right moment to make the perfect dish. He was really good at timing... Except when it came to Hani. He was always a step too late. Rim starts crying. He apologizes to Hani for realizing his feelings too late. He also thanks her for teaching him how to laugh again.
JoAnne: Come ON. He realized his feeling so fast it broke landspeed records for KDramas. How much faster could he have been? Was he supposed to pop out of the water saying OMG I LOVE YOU?
becca: Mary, I don't like where this is going!! Make it stop!! *wipes at tears*
kakashi: I'll send him a Swiss Watch for his timing.
He keeps trying to smile through his tears. He wipes Hani's tears too and tells her not to be sorry. And to do well... and to follow her kokoro towards Lee Hyun-myung.
JoAnne: It's ok, Shi Kyung-ah. You will meet a woman with a white cat some day, and she will make you laugh and do stupid things, and you will be happy about it. She likes to drink and she thinks you're embarrassing but she doesn't even try to hide that she kind of likes that, actually. Go forth, and cause cringing again.
becca: Thinking of that, this hurts a little less. But it still hurts.
Hani walks away. When she turns back, Shi-kyung tries to smile again. (But he's crying. He's so sad. I'm so sad. Fuck this.) Then after Hani leaves, he takes out the scale. He seems to know. BUT SINCE WHEN??? DON'T ASK ME. I'M CRYING. I'M CRYING. GO AWAY, KOKO. I KNOW HE LOOKS BEAUTIFUL AND GOD-LIKE FRAMED AGAINST A STARRY SKY, BUT I DON'T FIND YOUR ANTICS COMFORTING RIGHT NOW. GO AWAY. T_________T
JoAnne: See, I think that, although this was VERY badly done, what he's confessing to realizing is not his feelings, but the fact that she was the one in the water.
becca: Ah, that would make more sense. Because he's known that he liked her for a long time already. And yes, I'm still sad. *locks self in the supply cabinet to cry*
Hyun-myung finally wakes up from the surgery. Jin-ah is the one watching over him, but his first words are "Hani? Is Hani ok?" Jin-ah says she was worried he was really hurt. He takes her hand and tells her to go back to the old Jin-ah. The one who didn't worry about social status and stuff. (The one who loved his big family jewels, maybe?)
JoAnne: I do not think he is saying to go back to the time when she loved him.
becca: No, he wanted her to go back to the Jin-ah who was kind and cared about others and not just herself. (And yes, I do believe she was once like that and could be again.)
She brushes him off, claiming that that part of her life was just full of suffering in trying to get a job. But when she exits his room, she creys a little bit at the monster she's become. Hani finds her in this 0.00001% redeemed state, which increases to 0.00002% when Jin-ah takes out the fake and original CVs. She gives both to Hani to do whatever she wants.
JoAnne: Hani grins wickedly and shoves them in Jin Ah's mouth, then sets them on fire. 'Oh, dear,' she says to the frantic Jin Ah. 'There's no water to this floor. I had to turn it off because I can't trust you. If you hadn't been a bitch before, you would have had a chance to survive, now. So sad, too bad.'
becca: I think of all the characters, she was hurt the most by the cut. Which is why I'm not as outraged by her as I would normally be.
Hani enters Hyun-myung's room and finds him already up. She cries again in concern for him. Hyun-myung smiles at her worry and wipes her tears. She hugs him, apologizing. Hyun-myung repeats that he's fine. Ohn Joo-wan looks so tender and his eyes are always on the verge of crying. Why are both men so nice and good? It makes me cry. T______T
JoAnne: I think that's koko whimpering and you're just trying to keep me from being creeped out.
becca: I agree with Mary - he does a wonderful job of conveying his love for her without saying a single word. It's beautiful.
Hani narrates that she spent the rest of her 100 days bickering and laughing and eating nice food with Hyun-myung. She was worried about the future, but also very happy. (No, koko, they didn't mention anything about sex. Now go away.)
kakashi: That's a ffward love story. Wow.
On Hani's last night, she interrupts Hye-young's mok-bang to say goodbye. Just in case. Hye-young tries to be tough... she refuses to consider the possibility that Hani will vanish. She assures Hani that Hyun-myung is her true love. And if she vanishes into bubbles, Hye-young swears to personally kill Hyun-myung. Haha!
becca: Aw, that's a true friend, right there.
Still, Hani hugs her bestfriend and thanks her for all her help. (And isn't it cute that Kim Seul-gi is everyone's unni/noona but she's the tiniest of the lot?) Even the womance in this show is making me cry. Well, that's one thing this finale is doing well. Lots of gut-wrenching goodbyes all around.
JoAnne: We didn't have time to get sick of their shit, which is probably a blessing.
The Pervy OTP wait in the place where they first met. Hyun-myung puts a ring on Hani's finger, saying it's true love... right? Hani says she's sure it's true love. And if ever she vanishes, it's because Hyun-myung isn't over Jin-ah yet. He says he's sure of his heart, and it's Hani who could be not over Shi-kyung. They bicker for a bit. Then he promises to never let go of her hand and they kissssssssssss...
JoAnne: What the fuck.
becca: I've seen this done before and better, show. Multiple times.
TIME JUMP, ONE YEAR LATER
Reporters swarm the entrance of JH, waiting for its "largest shareholder" who turns out to be Sun-kyu. He declares that he'll sell his shares and help other surplus humans.
JoAnne: Whatever. Let's go back to the bubbles.
becca: I got SO. CRANKY. when they did the time-jump. I am still cranky.
Watching this from his handphone/tv is Hyun-myung who now owns a pottery shop. Jin-ah comes in bringing a huge order of plates. Looks like Hyun-myung is making it big in this business.
JoAnne: So in one year he goes from penniless intern who has never done pottery to having a large, sunny, well-equipped studio with an established customer base. Yes. Good. Fine. Now, back to the bubbles. (Oh by the way that bitch called him HONEY. Yeah.)
He mentions how Hani helped him discover his aptitude for pottery when they made the pot insulator product. It isn't lost on Jin-ah how Hyun-myung tries to bravely say Hani's name. She wonders if Hani really disappeared, and Hyun-myung says yes. He's sure. *sad*
JoAnne: Yes. About that. I have some QUESTIONS, show.
becca: For example, how did they explain it to everyone else who WASN'T in on the secret?? Did they tell them the truth or make something up?? Do they think she's studying abroad or some shit? *shakes Show by the shoulders* Why are we even doing this dumb time-jump thing??
Jin-ah gets a call from someone asking to meet, and she takes out her Laneige face powder to PPL the stuff. Hyun-myung teases her about finding a man and compliments her makeup which made her look "5 years younger" LOLOLOL I can't even. She leaves for her appointment after promising Hyun-myung to attend "tonight's party". Hyun-myung then takes out his necklace which has Hani's ring hanging on it.
JoAnne: Fine, good, they're not together. GET TO THE BUBBLES.
becca: *grumbling*
Ji-yong was watching Sun-kyu's press conference on his tv/phone too. That's why he's getting a scolding from Team Leader Kim for behaving lazily just because he's now a full-time employee. She also chastises office sunbae, ParisGirl, for not teaching Ji-yong properly. ParisGirl orders Ji-yong to the pantry. When they're alone, instead of scolding him, she kisses him. Looks like they're a secret couple?
JoAnne: Gives not ONE fuck. Bubbles.
becca: BAH.
Shi-kyung talks to CEO Hong about opening a restaurant in New York. She asks if it's okay, given his prosopagnosia. (Which is the show's way of telling us that he's stopped hiding it since.) Shi-kyung says it's no problem, he knows of a helpful assistant. He'll inform the CEO if said assistant accepts the new assignment.
JoAnne: RELIEF. It will be Hani, right? That's how they're doing this? BravOH, show.
becca: You're so optimistic.
CEO Hong still sees random takoyakis everywhere. She's late for her next meeting, and what with the heavy traffic, she calls for an "express service". Which turns out to be a motorcycle ride. Don't ask me to explain. Just laugh that it's another of Ahn Ma-nyeo's hundred part-time jeobs. CEO Hong is thrilled to see that her driver is AMN. She holds on tight and asks him if he believes in fate? (AMN: No.) She says she does.
JoAnne: We all say 'who gives a shit? Go away.' BUBBLES.
(That seems to be a parody but I don't know where from!) (I feel like I know it, too, but I can't remember.)
Shi-kyung sits in the office lobby still staring at Hani's scale. Aww... but it's Jin-ah he's meeting with. Boo. He says she looks prettier (and the point of his prosopagnosia was ...?) and informs her of the offer to be part of the team going to New York. She says yes, of course. He wants to eat somewhere while discussing the details, but Jin-ah says she has a better idea.
JoAnne: If I don't get my BUBFUCKINGBLES explanation SOON...
becca: *sulking*
She ends up taking him to the party at Surplus House. A party for what, you say? Well, a lot of things... First is Sun-kyu being revealed as the top JH shareholder and legendary Contest King. (Does the party include his new hairstyle?) Then there's Jin-ah being recommended to work in the New York expansion. Shi-kyung seems to be close to the Surplus Family and even jokes that they should come visit in New York... and to pay their own airfare. kekekeke
JoAnne: Because that makes all the sense in the world when you're trying to avoid explaining about the thing you did that you set out rules and conditions for and then just ignored because you're fucking SHIT, Show, right?
becca: >_<
Hye-young and Big also arrive wearing couple bonnets. So here's to celebrating their couple-dom. And also being mok-bang king and queen who just came home after touring South America.
JoAnne: Oh is that how they afforded it? He was jobless too. I thought perhaps it was a miracle, appearing like BUBBLES.
becca: Oh look! The ONE. TIIIINY. part of the the epilogue that I kinda liked. And it was only - what? Three seconds, tops?
They clink their beers together, and the mood immediately becomes somber when Hye-young says somehow the party feels incomplete. Ji-yong is the first to admit he misses Hani. Everyone looks sad because they all thinks she's dead, or because some of them think she's dead and some think she moved? What, Show, WHAT??), but it's Ahn Ma-nyeo, our big gruff bear, who puckers up and almost cries.
becca: Aww, poor sweet ajusshi. I take it back: that moment was good, too. Six seconds.
JoAnne: You can't blow smoke up my ass, Show. Explain yourself.
Indeed everyone recognizes her and is glad that she's back. (OMG SHI-KYUNG'S SMILE, DID YOU SEE?!) Hyun-myung calls Hani's name, and she faces them and smiles. Then a doodle of a tail pops up on the screen with a message "I'll be back".
JoAnne: No, you won't.
becca: Nice try, Arnold. Not happenin'.
The End.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa--?
JoAnne: Fucking shit. Bite me.
becca: I want this show to go sit in a corner and think about what it's done.
kakashi: And I'm kicking it in its ass.
First of all, to those SP fans who enjoyed the whole journey (??? who ????) and are fervently wishing for a sequel, I'm sorry to say that the chances of that happening are close to me marrying Song Jae-rim. Meaning, a lot of people may be wishing it, but it's next to impossible.
JoAnne: You don't cancel a show for bad ratings and then do a sequel. Unless you're FireFly... wait... a Mermaid movie? A drama special?
becca: I thought of this, too, but SP doesn't have the fanbase that Firefly did. Or creators and actors who could and would come back and give us something worthwhile.
I think kakashi was correct (about what? Oh wait ... I'm always correct about everything, so you're definitely right). And that the "I'll be back" was a simple reference to Terminator. Or, at worst, that "I'll be back" was another lip service to the fans of the show. In the same way that tvN said they were "planning a season 2" for Basketball when they abruptly cut down its episode count.
JoAnne: Oh yeah, what was that? 'What we have planned is so awesome that we can't do it correctly in this amount of time. So we're going to go with less time now, get the basics out of the way, then come back with the SUPER DUPER part.'
becca: "PSYCH! Not really! We really got you that time, didn't we? You should've seen your face! Sooo funny!"
I wish they didn't cut Surplus too. I wish they gave the Hyun-Han ship some time to grow. If only to give justice to the "True love isn't with your Prince, but with your Blue Bird" story. *giggling at the idea of Hyun-myung's Blue Bird*
JoAnne: Is that anything like blue balls?
kakashi: I loved to suck blue balls! Oups. I mean ... there were these blue balls with lots of layers, some of them very spicey and there was a chewing gum in the middle.
That being said, here is the closest interpretation I can make from the ending: Hani didn't vanish into pink bubbles like Prilly. She vanished into glowing lights. Maybe the Mermaid Gods themselves weren't sure if Hani's love was a true love. After all, she only found Hyun-myung with 50 days left. Both of them just came from being in love/lust with someone else. (Her with Shi-kyung and him with Jin-ah.) So she was taken away while waiting for some sort of judgement.
JoAnne: FINE BUT SHOW THAT.
becca: Oh, so like in Arang and the Magistrate, show? Yeah.... No.
kakashi: My take: the writers suddenly remembered the pink bubbles from episode 1 and grudingly had to come back to them in the final episode. Hence: it means nothing.
One year after she vanished, when it's obvious that Hyun-myung still loves her, she got the green light to live Pervily Ever After. Heck, if we're being all sappy and world peace and stuff, it could be the combined love of the Surplus Family that brought her back. Who says true love has to be romantic, right? She even broke through Ahn Ma-nyeo's tough facade. Enough to make him cry about missing her. Surely that should earn some True Love brownie points from the Mermaid Gods too?
JoAnne: I'm done caring.
becca: Tears of true love saving you? 49 Days. Seriously, though - that is a beautiful interpretation, Mary.
kakashi: I have another. Hani herself wasn't sure who her true love was and had to come back. She'll now go out and do pervy stuff with both of them. In fact, she doesn't decide. She just takes them both.
Jin-ah... I don't know. I don't like that they gave her an ounce of chance with Shi-kyung. I'm a very vindictive person and I think what she did to Hani and Shi-kyung was unforgivable. It's why Shi-kyung's apology for "not realizing his feelings earlier" cut my kokoro. Because it wasn't his fault at all. He liked her as early as he possibly could. He never wavered in his feelings. It was Jin-ah's fault for manipulating and lying so much that he didn't get to meet Hani sooner.
JoAnne: She looks possessed. Like a possessed EEL. Eel face.
How sad was that letting go scene with Shi-kyung? (The one with the Mary statue hovering around.) When I watched without subs, I got the feeling that he knew she was a mermaid too and was letting her go to give her the best chance of survival. In this matter, he's similar to Hyun-myung. Both left the choice to her and tried their best to not burden her about her decision. It's an overused scene in other dramas. But here it sounds right because her life hangs in the balance. Choosing the wrong guy can actually kill her.
JoAnne: Oooh, excellent POINT. But it means that since she DID disappear... she chose wrongly.
becca: By the way, Shi-kyung letting her go was a sacrifice, too. What does your true love say to that, Mermaid-Afterlife-Powers-That-Be, HUH? Is HIS love for what actually brought her back? We don't know! *throws hands up in defeat*
Hani is very lucky to find two great guys. But then, she's a great girl and friend too. Aside from the occasional fish-brained-ness (which irked me to no end but was actually normal for a mermaid-out-of-water character), her heart was in the right place. It can never be said enough, but MAJOR HEART BEAMS to Jo Boa for pulling this character off. She was alternately lovely, snooty, simple-minded, annoying, cute, and pervy when the story required.
JoAnne: Yep, putting her up on my shelf of cuteness.
becca: I liked her well enough in Shut Up: Flower Boy Band, but here, I think she really moved to the next level. I love her, and I want her to be in more pervy rom-coms. Hopefully ones that can give us satisfactory endings because they don't get cut.
And since we're handing out awards, let's give one to Ohn Joo-wan too. This yummy, puppy-eyed beefcake who can fight toe-to-toe with Rim in a drama and still escape my wrath. (It doesn't hurt that I can focus my hate beam on Jin-ah and tvN.) I wish to see him in a separate drama where I can appreciate his skills without having to play shipping-pong with koko. (She cheats, too.)
JoAnne: Second is a First, for sure.
becca: Yep. Another actor added to the "love" list. He did well!
As for the rest of the Surplus Family, I'm gonna miss Ahn Ma-nyeo and his crabby reactions to his gongju-nim. And Ji-yong's parodies (though not his character). And the quiet Sun-kyu. And Kim Seul-gi (jjang!). And Big... well, I'll let Jo do the farewell for Big.
JoAnne: We'll be gone for a while, folks. (No but seriously, how cute was he? We need to see him again soon!)
becca: I will also miss Ahn Ma-nyeo and Sun-kyu's oddball friendship. They were one of the stranger pairs of besties I've seen, but they always made me smile.
And Rim! Song Jae-rim! Why do you make me recap such crazy dramas?! WHYYYYY?
JoAnne: Listen, you could be Kakashi.
becca: True. Let's pray Rim never drags us into the weekend-drama black hole, shall we?
I blame you and your loveliness. You made Baek PD love you so much, he couldn't bear to destroy your Swoon Shi-kyung character. So now we got a steadfast second lead that was never clingy or scheme-y or meddlesome. My wish for you is to never star in a rom-com again. Because it hurts me and koko so much.
JoAnne: But you begged for him to be IN a rom-com, Mary.
becca: Should've specified that he get the girl. Those pesky details will always get you.
You already french-kissed and moaned and got butt-grabbed in a cable drama. And you have We Got Married to keep you adorkable. I wish for you to stick to badass dramas and go punchy punchy, knifey-knifey on people.
No more romance or melos, y'hear?! (What is this I hear about Cheese in the Trap?) what the heck?
becca: I saw Park Hae-jin and Song Jae-rim in the same sentence. I am suddenly VERY interested.
How about a cameo in Bad Guys next? No? No. Well, maybe. PARK. HAE. JIN. *explodes*
Annyeong Rim-squeeglets! Thanks for watching with us! See you all later (in an awesome drama, I hope).
*Addendum: I did not do acid in college. Or ever.Facebook share Tweet This Email this
Please enjoy these Emotion Quotes from the wise, the romantic, and the famous of the past and present.
When dealing with people, remember you are
not dealing with creatures of logic,
but creatures of emotion.
- Dale Carnegie
Related topics: Life Human-Nature Psychology Wisdom Feelings
There can be no transforming of darkness into light
and of apathy into movement without emotion.
- Carl Jung
Emotion always has its roots in the unconscious,
and manifests itself in the body.
- Irene Claremont de Castillejo
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
- Mark Twain
Anger is a destructive emotion
that becomes instinctive over the years.
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Where there is no emotion,
there is no motive for violence.
- the character Spock in the Star Trek television series
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
- Mae
I am a being of free-will,
and I CHOOSE each and every action I make,
every thought I think, and every emotion I feel.
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion,
but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime.
- Adlai E. Stevenson
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and
the thought has found words.
- Robert Frost
Never trust anyone who wants what you've got.
Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion.
- Eubie Bl is the shorthand of emotion.
- Leo Tolst person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it,
then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion.
- Liberty Hyde Bailey
Music is a fantastic peacekeeper of the world,
it is integral to harmony, and it is a required fundamental of human emotion.
- Xun Zi
Every song is something that I've been through or an emotion I've felt -
like falling in love or heartbreak.
- Ashlee Simpson
The problem with emotion was that it was clearly something important,
but-at least according to the old philosophy-it was something to overcome.
- Donald Norman
Sometimes in life one experiences an emotion which
is so strong that it is difficult to think,
or to reason.
- Eric Cantona
The audience wants to be attracted not by the critics,
but by a great story.
You must deliver to the audience emotion -
and when I say emotion,
I mean suspense, drama, love.
- Dino De Laurentiis
I wish that all of nature's magnificence,
the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed.
- Annie Leibovitz
Look at Islam in a rational manner and without demagoguery or emotion.
It is the leading religion of the world with 1.5 billion followers.
- Zbigniew Brzezinski
I worked three and then six hours a day in my studio
with strict discipline and emotion.
I obtained awards usually granted to other foreigners
during the end-of-year admission tests.
- Ralph Allen
Men are like mascara, they run at the slightest display of emotion.
- Kabir Bedi
It's the emotion of it that hits me,
more than anything technical.
- Meg White
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
- George Jean Nathan
I need some kind of emotional stake in it to write my lyrics,
assuming that place.
It might just be an emotion I understand but am not
currently experiencing necessarily.
- John Mayer
Glamour cannot exist without personal social envy being
a common and widespread emotion.
- John Berger
This kind of forgetting does not erase memory,
it lays the emotion surrounding the memory to rest.
- Clarissa Pinkola Estes
Emotion is messy, contradictory...
and true.
- Nigella Lawson
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
- Paul Cezanne
I love movies that make me cry, because they're tapping
into a real emotion in me,
and I always think afterwards: how did they do that?
- John Lasseter
I'm just basically spillin' out my emotions to the world.
'Cause rap is about emotion.
And I want you to feel what I'm feelin',
'cause that's what it's all about.
- Ludacris
The public must suffer untold pangs from the stiffness,
the deliberate stifling of emotion, on the part of many British actors.
- Ivor Novello
I had taken on the color of the climate around me and
had driven back all the emotion that rose from the
Brooklyn streets so that I could belong to the exclusive club of Congress.
- Emanuel Celler
A real gentleman, even if he loses everything he owns,
must show no emotion.
Money must be so far beneath a gentleman that it is
hardly worth troubling about.
- Fyodor Dostoevsky
Love is the one emotion actors allow themselves to believe.
- James Spader
But by reading them again and again finally I was able
to grasp the essential part.
What emotion, enthusiasm, enlightenment and confidence they communicated to me!
I wept for joy.
- Ho Chi Minh
I tried to have more than one emotion on the record.
- Neko Case
For me, music making is the most joyful activity possible,
the most perfect expression of any emotion.
- Luciano Pavarotti
The writer's joy is the thought that can become emotion,
the emotion that can wholly become a thought.
- Thomas Mann
Emotion is often what we rely upon to carry us across
the unfathomable voids in our intelligence.
- Bryant H. McGill
We all have days where we can't pronounce things or
give it the emotion it deserves.
- Johnny Vegas
I prefer the emotion that corrects the rule.
- Juan Gris
Sex is emotion in motion.
- Mae West
Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious
architecture of the Middle Ages,
I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest
emotion in any modern Gothic church.
- Goldwin Smith
My duty is to try to reach beauty.
Cinema is emotion.
When you laugh you cry.
- Roberto Benigni
To be a character who feels a deep emotion,
one must go into the memory's vault and mix in a sad
memory from one's own life.
- Albert Finney
My opinion is that a poet should express the emotion
of all the ages and the thought of his own.
- Thomas Hardy
It's easier when you play.
You get your emotion out.
You scream.
You yell.
You do whatever you want.
You play.
But it's tough to sit.
- Goran Ivanisevic
Love is the emotion that a woman feels always for a
poodle dog and sometimes for a man.
- George Jean Nathan
Sometimes you get submerged by emotion.
I think it's very important to express it -
which doesn't necessarily mean hitting someone.
- Eric Cantona
There's not only emotion in the way you sing but also in what you sing.
That way I can compensate it.
- Beth Gibbons
All sensitive people agree that there is a peculiar
emotion provoked by works of art.
- Clive Bell
When I repress my emotion my stomach keeps score.
- J. Enoch Powell
Gratitude isn't a burdening emotion.
- Loretta Young
There was tremendous emotion.
Every shift was so emotional.
- Marcel Dionne
Never write anything that does not give you great pleasure.
Emotion is easily transferred from the writer to the reader.
- Joseph Joubert
It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline,
what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist.
- Tom Wopat
All ideas come about through some sort of observation.
It sparks an attitude; some object or emotion causes
a reaction in the other person.
- Graham Chapman
Everything I was feeling, all the hurt and the pain
and the emotion I was going through,
I put into my music.
- Keith Sweat
I have lived too completely, I think.
I have known every human emotion.
- Bela Lugosi
It wasn't my tennis that made me lose,
it was a lot of different things going on,
high drama, high emotion.
- Jennifer Capriati
Thank you for visiting: Emotion Quotes and Sayings - Quotes about.Mis...
Wanted bms Buildings Management Systems Operator in Saudi ( 1 - 5 yrs)
shawn travel
RS 4,00,000 To 5,00,000 Saudi Arabia
Training vocational certificate with (5) years experience in the same field + fluent in English (1,800.00) Saudi riyal+ free food and accommodation....
Office Coordinator ( 0 - 1 yrs)
Posted on 33 days ago...
sales & Business Development Fuel Systems ( 10 - 14 yrs)
Volte Consulting
RS 10,00,000 To 14,00,000 Pune
Candidate will be responsible for key account management & new business development with large automotive companies like Fiat Chrysler,M&M, Tata Motors, VW etc.Position is based out of Chakan,Pune. Company is globally No.3 in fuel tanks and 3 manu...
Management Trainees ( Fresher)
Saicon Consultants Pvt. Ltd.
RS 3,00,000 To 3,50,000 Bhopal, VERIOUS PARTS OF INDIA
We are Looking for Management Trainees..
Recruitment Executives Required for MS TEK Medical Systems ( 1 - 3 yrs)
Ms Tek Medical Systems
RS 2,00,000 To 4,00,000 Bangalore, Bhopal
We are one of the fastest growing healthcare organizations headquartered in Bangalore, India. We have 3 business verticals growing under one roof: HealthBazzar, MedBazzar Experience Required: 1 – 4 years Experience in the Health care Industry w...
Hitachi Data Systems VSP, HDS USPVM, G1000, HDS HUS series ( 4 - 6 yrs)
ARISE SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS
RS 7,50,000 To 8,00,000 Noida
Work Location: Noida Minimum Years of Exp: 4yrs Maximum Years of Exp: 6yrs JD: Storage Administrator Adobe is seeking a senior storage engineer with top-notch technical skills to build, and administer storage clusters to support the Adobe IT i...
Building Supervisor ( 2 - 6 yrs)
Sarthav Infrastructure Pvt Ltd...
Accounts Assistant / Accounts Executive [Exp.1-5 Yrs] ( 5 yrs)
Dynamic Star Placement & Consultancy Services
RS 1,25,000 To 1,50,000 Haridwar, Rudrapur-Udham
We have job opening for Accounts executive / Accounts assistant who has an experience of excise, tally software, journal, cash entry, recording expenses, Must know Tally software, General ledgers, maintaining books of accounts of company. Task orien...
Opportunity for Office Manager ( 1 - 2 yrs)
Step Link India Placement
RS 1,75,000 To 2,00,000 Indore
Managing clerical or other administrative staff Maintain and ensure confidentiality with sensitive data Management of office equipments Organizing, arranging and coordinating meetings Handling external or internal communication or managem... ...
Project Manager (Operations Manager) required for reputed Telecom Industry ( 1 - 5 yrs)
Ushvin Services
RS 2,25,000 To 4,00,000 Chandigarh, Mohali
Project Manager (Operations Manager) required for reputed Telecom Industry in Mohali Profile:Project Manager (Operations Manager) Location:Mohali Salary:up to 30K Experience:Minimum 5 years Joining:Immediately Responsibility:Client......
Urgent Hiring For Chief Security Officer ( 1 - 4 yrs)
Client of Steplinkindia Consultants
RS 1,75,000 To 2,75,000 Indore
He is responsible for the physical means of protecting the property and should be very alert for proper guarding against thefts, pilferage, accidents and intruders. Monitoring Close Circuit Television System (CCTV) and the associated alarms and do...
Urgent Requirement for Operation Executive ( 0 - 2 yrs)
ARZ Corporate Solutions
RS 1,00,000 To 3,00,000 Indore
POSITION SUMMARY: To support operations vertical by looking after operations related and admin work at respective branch. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Prepare, consolidate and maintain different MIS reports 2. Co ordinate wit...
Opportunities for Civil Engineers ( 1 - 4 yrs)
Client of Steplinkindia Consultants
RS 90,000 To 1,75,000 Indore, Pithampur, Sawer, Ujjain
Confer with Clients and other Members of the Engineering Team and Conduct Research to Determine Project Requirements plan and Design Major Civil Projects such as Buildings, Roads, Bridges, Dams, Water and Waste Management Systems and Structural St...
Urgent Openings for Chief Security Officer ( 3 - 6 yrs)
Step Link India Placement
RS 1,25,000 To 2,50,000 Indore
He is responsible for the physical means of protecting the property and should be very alert for proper guarding against thefts, pilferage, accidents and intruders. Monitoring Close Circuit Television System (CCTV) and the associated alarms and do...
Urgent Requirement for Java Developer ( 0 - 3 yrs)
Client of Steplinkindia Consultants
RS 90,000 To 1,25,000 Indore, Pithampur, Sawer, Ujjain
-Designing, coding, testing, reporting, trouble-shooting and debugging -Design, execute, and maintain detailed test cases/scripts -Work in an agile (SCRUM) developer team -Verify code developed during the release -Ability to do multitaski....
Urgent Hiring for Office Admin ( 2 - 3 yrs)
Client of Steplinkindia Consultants
RS 1,50,000 To 1,75,000 Indore
Managing accounts- Sourcing candidates scheduling interviews Write and distribute email, correspondence memos- Develop and maintain a filing system Update and maintain office policies and procedures- Order office supplies and research new deals...
Job Vacancy (For Accountant /MIS/Team Lead) for leading Retail Telecom / IT organisation Kolkata. ( 1 - 6 yrs)
Vertex Solution
RS 1,00,000 To 5,00,000 Kolkata
Job Vacancy (For Accountant /MIS/Team Lead) for leading Retail Telecom / IT organisation Kolkata. Vacancy for Team Lead Telecom /IT Manager/Accounts / MIS/ Operation. Salary: Open & Negotiable Location: Kolkata Send your CV first urgently we will...
Opening for Mis Executive in Fmcg Company ( 0 - 1 yrs)
Freelance Consulting Services
RS 1,00,000 To 1,25,000 Guwahati
Opening for MIS Executive in FMCG Company Qualification - Any Graduate Experience- Atleast 6 months as MIS Executive, Well versed in MS Excel Salary 8k to 10k, ...We all know that squash is good for us. But how many of us really venture out of the “butternut squash soup” or “side-dish of squash” phase? Well, it’s time to get out of your comfort zone. I want you to stuff it!
Do I have your attention?
Good, because you’re going to love this!
Today, I made stuffed squash. The squash was similar to an acorn- you could easily use acorn, butternut, or something similar that you find at the Farmers’ Market or local store.
STUFF IT! SQUASH
(Makes 4 mini-servings or 2 decent entrees)
1 spinach & feta sausage link, chopped into small pieces
1 C. fresh spinach, washed and chopped
1/4 of a small onion, chopped
2 T. chopped garlic, adjust to taste
1 tsp. olive oil
2 acorn squash, small
1 1/2 C. cooked brown rice
1/4 C. feta
3 T. parmesan, grated
1 small slice sourdough bread, lightly toasted
1 tsp. italian seasoning
1 tsp. basil
1 big splash of white wine & splash of milk (that’s a cooking term, right?)
Cut squash in halves. Scoop out seeds. Steam on stove or in microwave (I did microwave- there it’ll steam for 6-7 minutes. Be sure to but a bit of water in each half so it does dry out.) Meanwhile, heat a pan over medium heat. Add olive oil, garlic, sausage, and chopped onion. Turn heat down to low-medium once the onions have turned a golden brown. Add the splash of white wine, spinach, and the italian seasoning and basil. Stir to coat all the pieces. Cook for a minute, then add the brown rice, only 2 T. of the parmesan, all the feta, and a big splash of milk. Reduce heat again to low, softly simmer for about 5 minutes, checking to make sure sauce stays smooth and doesn’t stick to the pan. While this is simmering, tear up the slice of toasted sourdough into small pieces. Put half of it into the rice & sausage mixture. Then, scoop out just a bit (about 1 small spoonful) from each half of squash. Add this also to the rice & sausage mixture. Do not skip this step- it adds a sweet creaminess that you can’t get otherwise! Next, put the halves in a glass casserole dish. Divide the mixture among the four halves. Sprinkle the remaining sourdough slice and the leftover 1 T. of parmesan on top. Place in the oven at 375 for about 10 minutes. Serve and enjoy (maybe with another “big splash” of wine?).
Now, aren’t you glad I told you how to “stuff it”?
Oh! This is a lot like the stuffed squash I used to make when you were little! It’s really yummy with cranberry orange sauce.
Is it? I’d like the recipe for that, too. This would not be good w/cranberry orange sauce because of all the other strong flavors. But maybe as a side dish? I also made lemon/pepper/garlic green beans. It was really, really good. Let me know if you make it!KET offer a 360 degree approach for Social Media. We not only offer social media marketing solutions but also offer an interactive and sticky social media reach through customized social media applications better known as " Social Apps". We specialize in Social Media Application development including customized Facebook Pages development, Facebook Contest Apps and Facebook Pool Apps. Our wide range of Social Media Apps and ORM tools and services can accommodate your requirements and provide you with a holistic social media product. Our experienced Social Media Development Team have gained a reputation of providing value-based services that are fast, reliable, cost-effective and ensure deliverables reach clients as per time schedules.You are currently browsing the tag archive for the ‘Lord’s Prayer’ tag.
Yesterday’s post concerned Melania Trump’s opening her husband’s February 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida with the Lord’s Prayer.
The following day, The_Donald — a welcoming forum for Trump supporters and ex-leftists — featured a long thread about the first lady’s call to prayer.
Most of The_Donald’s readers are Millennials and gamers. They also do not mince words. Sometimes their language is salty. Therefore, it was heartening to read their support of prayer.
Selected comments follow, demonstrating that perhaps the United States is returning to the Lord. And, as others know, where the US goes, the rest of the world often follows. Emphases mine below.
FullMetalSquirrel: Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything, to stand.
Ephesians 6:13
KrakNup (replied): It’s hard to believe that we can converse and post passages like this without being totally shut down. It’s been too many years since that was so.
GCMythix (further reply): Exactly, it’s amazing how this community is so open to all types of people. This is the first place on the internet I haven’t been completely disregarded for my faith. I’ve been made fun of and discredited just because of my beliefs and I’m so glad that we can come together as a nation. I’m glad atheists and Christians and those from every belief get along so well here🙂
An atheist chimed in:
Neo8Aeon (excerpted): I’m an atheist, spent much of 2 years ago explaining why atheism is better online and on forums, watched and read Hitchens, Dawkins, Harris and others and preached the message of rationality and science over all …
I love science and I’m still an atheist to the core, but I’m not of the anti Christian sect any more. I love what the Christian culture and values did in the America of my childhood. But for a few, highly over-publicized cases, the Christianity I’ve known has always been hate the sin, love the sinner, and we are all sinners, all worth loving.
Right now if the USA again moved toward prayer in schools, toward people who quoted the bible reverently, with malice toward none but charity for all I’d be on board for that. So I’ve become a pro-Christian atheist.
God Bless the USA!
Melania’s popularity went up with the act of prayer:
cequiceracera: I thought she seemed a little nervous, but was so glad she took the stage. I hope we hear more from her in the future!
Perhelion (reply): I think she will get used to it as she takes on more speaking roles as FLOTUS. But again, starting with the Lord’s Prayer won massive points with me. She may as well have walked on water today. That’s how highly I think of her now.
Another reader reminded the Left of America’s origins:
GoneGalt13: Reminder for triggering leftists: our official national motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. Also, for what it’s worth E Pluribus Unum refers to STATES. Out of many states, one country.
Some criticised the first lady’s detractors:
StillTraveling: Everyone on twitter talking about how she had to read it off a card…
They are retarded. English is not her first language. I’m sure she prays in her first language; therefore, it is to be expected that she would utilize the written English prayer to help her along.
ZippyTheChicken (reply): when you are not off the cuff like donald its always best to read off a card.. can you imagine if she missed a word the left would say horrible things.
the fact is … she said it.. and I have never heard anyone else in politics say it
FullMetalSquirrel (further reply): It is easy to get a prayer wrong though. I do this all the time in my head and have to start over. So stupid and mean.
I’ve gotta say, they will answer for mocking her for praying and it will be to the Lord himself.
From someone who was at the rally:
FL_MEGA_MAGA: I was there, it was awesome. DEUS VULT!
And from someone who wasn’t:
speaksdinosaur: I found myself doing the Sign of the Cross. Old habits die hard even if you’re not religious.
Amen!
More positive comments followed:
Sleek_Bones: Finally, a president[ial] couple that worships the one and only.
locploc: It was a fantastic surprise. Very heart-warming.
dparks2010: For anyone who missed it – here’s a video which starts with Melania’s intro:
What a gorgeous and classy woman. I’m proud to have her as my First Lady.
ManOfTheInBetween: When was the last time you heard a Presidential family say something like this in public? Whether you believe or not we call all agree that the values of Christianity are valuable and benefited western culture. God Bless the USA!
Indeed.
In closing, some were inspired to seek a broader application in a time of growing unbelief:
FullMetalSquirrel: I am seriously thinking of starting a list of names of people here who say this or that they’re atheists and praying for them once a week at least.
My hope is always that people will find God and to do so in a way that doesn’t involve something painful or heart breaking.
ZippyTheChicken (reply, excerpted): you know I was thinking about that the other night .. the thing is everyone who says they are an atheist has all ready been told the good word and they intentionally reject the idea that God can exist.
Now I understand that they might not believe the bible and every word of it as hard core science .. that might be understandable.. some believers are exacting in their belief of every single word and there could be people that say that can’t actually be true.. well whatever .. let’s get past that …
But to reject God as a possibility? …
If you look at the atom it has very similar properties to a solar system.. there is the nucleus and orbiting planets which could be considered protons and then moons that represent electrons and then there are comets and asteroids that are similar to quarks …
The atom is infinitely small and the universe is infinitely large
you look into an atom and you find a quark.. well that quark can be divided..
you look at our solar system and you understand it is nothing in comparison to the milky way and then the milky way to the universe.
It’s just astounding .. and we believe that God said Let There Be Light….
I have 4 years of organic chemistry and many more of other sciences… I have been educated in engineering and taught it…. I have lectured at a half dozen Ivy League Schools to professors not students and I have known many people who are held up as the most brilliant in our society only to see that they are fricken idiots in some cases.
If someone uses science as a basis to reject God then they are an uneducated idiot.
If they follow the garbage that comes out of the mouth of someone like Bill Nye who was a failed Boeing Engineer that had a kids show on public access cable that was launched into a career because someone had to fill that spot of being the science guy… and he has no real scientific accomplishments of his own worth noting…
I mean its so exasperating and depressing to see someone reject God intentionally and then use Science or anything else as the basis to say God does not exist …
Accepting God is not Going to Church
its how you live your life
and Life is short.. 100 years or so at the most we get…
It is a job interview for Eternity
Eternity that is as vast and larger than the universe..
An eternity where you will find peace
God didn’t screw this world up People did
I deeply wish people would understand that God is real and that maybe God would show himself in their lives ..
But God Exists whether we believe or not
He was there before we were born and will be there for eternity
I say just do your best .. and only you know if you are doing your best.
And if you make a mistake or give into temptation .. ask for forgiveness and then try again to do your best.
It is evident that Melania Trump’s public recitation of the Lord’s Prayer last Saturday has inspired many people who normally would not discuss Christianity so openly. It has provoked useful and inspiring conversation.
It is also apparent that the Lord was working through her in that rally. Contrary to what a substantial minority of Americans think, the Lord is also working through her husband in leading the United States — and possibly other places in the world — to a more righteous and just future for all.
The Left are in disarray. I am not the first person to say that they are akin to a vicious animal that finds itself cornered. It will attack for survival. In the end, it will be subdued.
Right now, the president sees the lashing out.
In the end, he will overcome it.
However, that is a perilous task, one that 99% would not be able to accomplish. It demands physical resilience and mental strength.
Donald Trump needs the prayers of the faithful right now. The high echelon of the intelligence community opposes him. One of them said in an interview last week that Trump ‘better watch his mouth’. Some Democrats want the president to undergo a psychological examination. Another faction wants the government — elected by the people — to be declared illegitimate.
These are very dangerous times. The media aid and abet Democrats and the GOP establishment, both of which have much to hide. The media have their sins, too.
Ultimately, Donald Trump’s enemies fear he and his men will expose their heinous sins and crimes not only to Americans but also to the world.
This is why it is so important to pray that God protects Trump, his administration and their families. The truth must come out — and a thorough cleansing must take place.
President Donald Trump held a rally on Saturday, February 18, 2017, early in the evening at the AeroMod hangar in Melbourne, Florida.
In a welcome move, First Lady Melania Trump introduced the rally with the Lord’s Prayer:
Big Media criticised the first lady for reading the prayer instead of reciting it from memory. What if she is accustomed to praying in Slovenian?
It must be difficult for her right now. She is holed up in Trump Tower most days and doesn’t even take ten-year-old Barron to school anymore because the Secret Service would have to lay on a big motorcade. It is easier on New Yorkers if the Secret Service do the school run every day. The first lady does not wish to be a burden on her fellow citizens.
It must also be heart-wrenching for her to watch or read Big Media every day. Nearly every news item is an attack on her husband. She is no doubt also worried about those in government in Washington DC. Who is supporting him? Who is betraying him?
Therefore, it seems a natural choice that she would begin with the Lord’s Prayer, one that every Christian knows and can be prayed together.
I like the Revd Franklin Graham’s take below (Image credit: The Conservative Treehouse):
After praying, the first lady gave a brief message about her role, which will involve supporting initiatives for women and children:
Those personal attacks come from the Left. Although she is a legal immigrant, they have no time for her.
Now for a few words about the rally. Those who do not understand Trump will wonder what the point is if he is already president. However, Trump enjoys being with the American people and always has done. Last July at the Republican National Convention, Franklin Graham described him as a ‘blue collar billionaire’. That describes him to a T!
Trump’s Deplorables also miss the rallies, so they welcome any occasion to see him speak to them in person.
The queue at the airport in Melbourne began forming early Saturday morning. The Conservative Treehouse (CTH) has a great report with pictures (emphasis in the original): !
Another report from CTH has an RSBN video which features interviews with Trump supporters — and this comment:
There are massive crowds of people in attendance – not quite sure how the airport is going to fit them all in.
Here is a tweet of RSBN’s Margaret Howell (ex-Infowars) interviewing a Deplorable:
Approximately 9,000 people attended, according to Melbourne Police. Of course, this number did not go unnoticed by The Hill:
This rally was set up only a few days ago. Last September’s — before the election — was on Trump’s website for several days in advance. The Hill reports that 15,000 tried to get in to that one, but ‘some’ people were turned away (fire regulations). Remember that Hillary Clinton never attracted more than a few hundred people when she appeared. Her campaign sometimes had to bus people in to attend (e.g. Temple University).
Whatever the case with Trump’s numbers, it does not matter. Nine thousand people is huge. Matt Drudge hit the nail on the head:
The Trumps arrived on Air Force One:
The first lady looked resplendent in red:
CTH has close-up shots of the couple, particularly Melania.
Trump spoke about the media and their fake news. He said that Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln also had problems with press coverage during their time in office. He said that he inherited a ‘real mess’ but that the White House is running ‘so smoothly’. He reassured the audience that a replacement for Obamacare was on its way. He explained how the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the suspension of his Executive Order seeking to stop immigration from seven countries for a 90-day preiod. He also warned about social breakdown that occurred with uncontrolled immigration in Europe. He spoke about his efforts in the past three weeks to create tens of thousands of new jobs for Americans.
The biggest point of the evening came when he introduced top Deplorable Gene Huber, first in line for the rally. He was interviewed by CNN and Fox News afterwards. More about him in another post, as I am waiting to see if Big Media treat him as badly as they did Joe the Plumber in 2008. May God bless Mr Huber and give him strength in the days ahead. King James Version with commentary by Matthew Henry and John MacArthur..
——————————————————————-
I’m using the King James Version today because the prose is more traditional and beautiful than the modern translations of the Lord’s Prayer.
The Sermon on the Mount continues. It encompasses Matthew 5 through Matthew 7.
Luke 11 also features the Lord’s Prayer but in a different context. In Luke’s account, the disciples saw Jesus praying and one of them requested (Luke 11:1):
Lord, teach us to pray, as John taught his disciples.
The disciple was referring to John the Baptist.
In Matthew’s account, Jesus gave instructions to His audience, the disciples — and us — on how to pray.
He tells us not to use the ‘vain repetitions’ of the pagans (verse 7). Modern translations use the word ‘Gentile’. Essentially, the connotation means non-Jew.
Matthew Henry recalls that the Old Testament recounts pagan prayers:
Baal’s priests were hard at it from morning till almost night with their vain repetitions O Baal, hear us O Baal, hear us and vain petitions they were …
Lip-labour in prayer, though ever so well laboured, if that be all, is but lost labour.
John MacArthur cites the pagans of the ancient.
Our Lord tells us we have no need to engage in such lost labour, because God our Father knows our needs (verse 8).
Jesus gives the crowd an ancient Jewish prayer, to which He adds only one new line. Henry explains (emphases mine):.
Why did our Lord repeat a prayer the Jews already knew?.
We do not need to rely solely on what Christians call the Lord’s Prayer, however, as Jesus presents it, it is a perfect prayer for the following reasons.
I am giving but brief extracts from Henry’s commentary below, which is an excellent exposition of what is the world’s best known prayer. I recommend reading it in full.
In verse 9, Jesus tells us how to begin. ‘Our’, not ‘my’, Father is said because we are acknowledging that God created not only us as individuals, but all of humanity. We are bound together in this commonality:
Intimating, that we must pray, not only alone and for ourselves, but with and for others for we are members one of another, and are called into fellowship with each other.
The word ‘hallowed’ is part of the prayer because of God’s infinite greatness, holiness and majesty:.
We then acknowledge our present, temporal location, which we hope improves through our obedience to God’s will, as well as His heavenly kingdom (verse 10):
….
We ask for provision of our daily needs — ‘bread’ (verse 11). This is a short yet significant petition because:verbs 20:17), not the bread of idleness (Proverbs 31:27), but the bread honestly gotten. (3.) We ask for our daily bread which teaches us not to take thought for the morrow (Matthew.
We go on to ask for God’s forgiveness and pray that we forgive each other in the same generous, compassionate manner (verse 12): (Matthew 5:39,40), and in strictness of law, might be prosecuted for it we must forbear, and forgive, and forget the affronts put upon us, and the wrongs done us and this is a moral qualification for pardon and peace …
We conclude by asking to be delivered from temptation and sin (verse 13):
Negatively: … It is not as if God tempted any to sin but, “Lord, do not let Satan loose upon us chain up that roaring lion, for he is subtle and spiteful Lord, do not leave us to ourselves (Psalm 19:13), for we are very weak, Lord …
Positively: … .”
The King James Version concludes with the Doxology, not in many of the modern translations:
….
And, let us not forget ‘Amen’: expressions, answerable to that outward expression of desire and confidence.
Our Lord concluded His lesson in prayer with the exhortation to forgive others so that God will show us the same mercy (verse 14), because if we do not forgive others, He will not forgive us (verse 15).
It is worth remembering Matthew 6:6, included in the Lectionary:
But when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.
John MacArthur says:.
MacArthur also gives us the origin of the word ‘barbarian’:
….
Interesting!
Let us pray the Lord’s Prayer with renewed fervour now that we know more about its petitions!
Next time: Matthew 6:22-23’s post reveals interesting insights into the Christmas story, the Lord’s Prayer and the Crucifixion. For those among us (myself included) who find the parables perplexing, Keener sheds light on their cultural and legal background. Finally, as Keener used this course to teach students in Nigeria, readers will also find fascinating connections to Africa in both the Old and the New Testaments.).
8. Enemy Soldiers Torture and Mock Jesus in Matthew 27:27-34
… Roman soldiers were known for abusing and taunting prisoners; one ancient form of mockery was to dress someone as a king. Since soldiers wore red robes, they probably used a faded soldier’s cloak to imitate the purple robe of earlier Greek rulers. People venerating such rulers would kneel before them, as here. Military floggings often used bamboo canes, so the soldiers may have had one available they could use as a mock king’s sceptre …
Spitting on a person was one of the most grievous insults a person could offer, and Jewish people considered the spittle of non-Jews particularly unclean …
Normally the condemned person was to carry the horizontal beam (Latin patibulum) of the cross himself, out to the site where the upright stake (Latin palus) awaited him; but Jesus’ back had been too severely scourged beforehand for him to do this (27:26). Such scourgings often left the flesh of the person’s back hanging down in bloody strips, sometimes left his bones showing, and sometimes led to the person’s death from shock and blood loss. Thus the soldiers had to draft Simon of Cyrene to carry the crossbeam. Cyrene, a large city in what is now Libya in North Africa, had a large Jewish community (perhaps one quarter of the city) which no doubt included local converts. Like multitudes of foreign Jews and converts, Simon had come to Jerusalem for the [Passover] feast. Roman soldiers could “impress” any person into service to carry things for them. Despite Jesus’ teaching in Matthew 16:24, the soldiers had to draft a bystander to do what Jesus’ disciples proved unwilling to do.
Crucifixion was the most shameful and painful form of execution known in the Roman world. Unable to privately excrete his wastes the dying person would excrete them publicly. Sometimes soldiers tied the condemned person to the cross; at other times they nailed them, as with Jesus. The dying man thus could not swat away insects attracted to his bloodied back or other wounds. Crucifixion victims sometimes took three days to finish dying.
The women of Jerusalem prepared a pain-killing potion of drugged wine for condemned men to drink; Jesus refused it (cf. 26:29). The myrrh-mixed wine of Mark 15:23, a delicacy and possibly an external pain reliever, becomes wine mixed with gall in Matthew; cf. Ps. 69:21 and the similarity between the Aramaic word for “myrrh” and Hebrew for “gall.” Even without myrrh, wine itself was a painkiller (Prov 31:6-7). But Jesus refused it. Though we forsook him and fled when he needed us most, he came to bear our pain, and chose to bear it in full measure. Such is God’s love for us all.
9. Adultery and Murder in Mark 6:17-29
Herod Antipas’s affair with his sister-in-law Herodias, whom he had by this time married, was widely known. Indeed, the affair had led him to plan to divorce his first wife, whose father, a king, later went to war with Herod because of this insult and defeated him. John’s denunciation of the affair as unlawful (Lev. 20:21) challenged Herod’s sexual immorality, but Herod Antipas could have perceived it as a political threat, given the political ramifications that later led to a major military defeat. (The ancient Jewish historian Josephus claims that many viewed Herod’s humiliation in the war as divine judgment for him executing John the Baptist.) …. …
Tomorrow: More examples illustrating the importance of Bible background
In response to a recent comment about a post on John Calvin, two posts will appear shortly on free will and the part St Augustine of Hippo‘s teachings had to play in the development of this doctrine.
Some of us might be unaware, however, of the importance that St Augustine placed on the Lord’s Prayer (Our Father). I once knew someone who said, ‘Oh, I pray to the universe. All that mumbo-jumbo, like “Our Father” is all man-made, anyway. I like to get to the heart of the matter.’
The ‘heart of the matter’ is that Christ Himself gave us the Lord’s Prayer in response to the disciples’ request, ‘Lord, teach us to pray’. We can find the prayer in Matthew 6:9-13. In His perfection, Jesus gave the disciples — and us — a prayer which summarises the four Gospels. That is to say, that all the Scriptures — the Law, the sayings of the Prophets and the Psalms — have their fulfilment in Christ (see Luke 24:44).
In his Handbook on Faith, Hope and Love, St Augustine writes, ‘Everything that pertains to hope is embraced in the Lord’s Prayer’ (Ch. 114). He notes that Matthew’s Gospel contains seven petitions in the prayer. Luke’s Gospel contains five. Here is what St Augustine had to say (Ch. 115, 116):
Accordingly, in the Gospel according to Matthew the Lord’s Prayer seems to embrace seven petitions, three of which ask for eternal blessings, and the remaining four for temporal; these latter, however, being necessary antecedents to the attainment of the eternal. For when we say,Hallowed be Your name: Your kingdom come: Your will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,who does not see that we ask for blessings that have reference to the wants of this present life? In that eternal life, where we hope to live for ever, the hallowing of God’s. Then he adds three others: one for daily bread, another for pardon of sin, another for immunity from temptation. And what Matthew puts as the last petition,but deliver us from evil,Luke has omitted, to show us that it is embraced in the previous petition about temptation. Matthew, indeed, himself says,but deliver,notand deliver,as if to show that the petitions are virtually one: do not this, but this; so that every man is to understand that he is delivered from evil in the very fact of his not being led into temptation.
There are many types and techniques of prayer these days. Some bordering on the mystical, some conversational and some traditional. Yet, the greatest of these, it would seem, is the Lord’s Prayer. It is something that all professed Christians know by heart. (Indeed, it should be one of the first prayers we learn.) However, I see very little mention of it anymore outside of a recitation during a church or prayer service. Is this perhaps because clergy and religious take for granted that if we say one prayer a day, it will be the Lord’s Prayer?The Swan West Malling weddings | Kent wedding venuesThe...
Maybe due to broadening of minds and shifts in the balance of sexual politics, old-fashioned farces are a bit of a rarity these days. Writer Ray Cooney is a veteran of the Brian Rix era at the Whitehall and the 1984 West End run of this play had actors of the calibre of Donald Sinden and Michael Williams in leading roles. So, dated it may be, but not without merit and much of Cooney’s writing provides a masterclass in the mechanics of farce. As usual, the Menier seems to take the view that, if it’s worth doing at all, it’s worth doing well and they have duly delivered a sparkling production, with a superb set and a cast of seasoned comedy performers whose timing is perfection. The plot concerns Richard Willey (a Tory minister naturally), played by Michael Praed, and his shenanigans in adjacent rooms of a Westminster hotel, involving his wife (Josefina Gabrielle), his mistress (Kelly Adams) and his Parliamentary Private Secretary (Nick Wilton). As is usual with such farces, the evening is a mixture of giggles, guffaws and yawns, but, happily, the latter are in relatively short supply. The icing on the cake is an appearance by Cooney himself (now 81), jigging and even falling over, as the Waiter. Taking his bows, he looks genuinely pleased with the production and so he should be.
Performance date: 2 April 2014We were climbing out of the Denver International Airport on an overcast day with bumps typical of Denver. I was flying from a speaking engagement in Keystone to another one in Atlanta and was engrossed in my work when…POP! Flash! The noise and bright light came from the left wing. The response from passengers was immediate.
“Did you hear that?” “What was it?” “Did you see that flash?” Someone said, “Lightening hit the plane!” Lightening hit the plane? That can’t be good. From across the plane nervous chatter erupted. Worried thoughts flooded my mind as I thought, “Be calm. Your brain won’t function correctly unless you’re calm.” Easier said than done. And I thought, we need for the pilot to tell us what’s going on. As minutes passed (fewer than it seemed) I wondered, why isn’t the pilot talking to us? We were left in the dark.
Soon (but not soon enough), the pilot came on the speaker. Lightening had indeed hit the plane, but, not to worry, the plane is fine. And with that, he was gone. It took time for the nervous energy to settle, during which I couldn’t focus on my work.
While this is a dramatic example, we leave our staff and teams in the dark all too often. Something happens in the workplace – a new boss arrives, a big client leaves, technology melts down, there’s a personality conflict between key staff – that are the workplace equivalent of a lightning strike. The team is agitated and thinking is disrupted. Here are ways we leave our staff in the dark:
- No feedback on performance
- Limited information on company strategy
- No context for where a small task fits into the bigger picture
- No reassurance during leadership transitions or mergers
You see, uncertainty triggers the brain’s threat response. We imagine bad options before good ones. When the brain registers threat and unease, cognitive functioning is impaired and we lose productivity.
What can you do?
- Communicate what you know even if it isn’t much. You don’t know anything…you REALLY don’t know anything about the situation at hand. What’s the point of saying that? For your staff, the difference is that you KNOW you don’t know anything; they don’t. Tell them what you don’t know and give regular updates. At the federal government, every four years the administration changed. Months passed before all the leadership was in place. During that time, staff were uneasy: What would the new boss be like? My leadership team reassured staff, “We don’t know who the new boss will be or when they will arrive. But we do know that we’re doing quality work. Let’s prepare now to bring the new boss up to speed when she arrives.”
- Over-communicate. As leaders, we are exposed to information that others aren’t. We hear discussion; see emails and network with people that our staff don’t. Share what you can (without violating confidences or proprietary information) and more often than you think necessary. It will create trust, keep your staff at ease and performance at a higher level.
- Give feedback even when you’re over-whelmed or don’t think it’s necessary. Managers tell me that they’re too busy to provide feedback. Staff, on the other hand, tell me that they are left in the dark not knowing if their work is good, bad or indifferent. Don’t be that manager who, like the pilot, provides scant information. Put “give feedback” on your to-do list; set a goal to give feedback once a week.
Toward the end of the three-hour flight, the pilot returned with more information. “Planes,” he explained, “are designed to dissipate the energy from a lightning strike. The pilot and I went through the checklist and all systems are working fine.” Good to know. Wish I’d known sooner. A little knowledge would have calmed me and everyone else. And I would have been more productive because of it.
Photo copyright: Igor ZhuravlovIf you care about how Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting contributes to the learning and development of young people, this resource is for you! Prepared to Learn, Prepared to Lead.
This resource is a tool for Member Organisations and their leaders at every level.
This resource is a tool for Member Organisations and their leaders at every level.
It is to be used in addition to the current WAGGGS Educational Programme policy and guidelines, and does not replace it.
- Publication date: 14th February 2014
- Author(s): WAGGGS
- Length: 46 pages
- Resource type: Campaign tools & toolkits
- Resource topic: Non-formal Educational MethodTagged: Doubleheaders suck real bad
Two Heads are NOT Better than One. But Nobody Asked Me.
A brilliant baseball mind once said, “Doubleheaders suck real bad.”
Or something like that.
I am inclined to agree. I’m all for bonus baseball, but I’m just not a fan of cramming two already-long games into one measly afternoon/evening. But, due to the fact that the Marlins’ retractable-roof stadium is still barely more than a twinkle in David Samson’s eye (OK, so it’s probably more like a zygote an embryo by now), when the game was rained out Saturday night, the Marlins and Rockies had no choice but to face off twice on Sunday at Land Shark Stadium.
The doubleheader didn’t start off in the most promising manner, and Marlins fans braced themselves for an ugly afternoon when Chris Volstad was shaky to start the game. Chris threw nearly 30 pitches in the first inning, and naturally gave up his obligatory long ball, a solo shot to Carlos Gonzalez that gave the Rockies an early lead. Volstad would settle down, though, and go on to give up four hits, walk four, strike out five and not allow another run in his five innings of work.
Hanley Ramirez got the scoring underway for the Marlins in the bottom of the first when he hit a home run off of Rockies starter Aaron Cook to tie up the score. In the second, the Marlins scored five times off of Cook. Chris Volstad came to bat with the bases loaded and singled to drive in two runs, and Chris Coghlan hit a three-run shot to put the Fish up 6-1. The Marlins would add another run in the third, and end Cook’s afternoon after just 2 1/3 innings.
Speaking of ending someone’s afternoon, Nick Johnson left the game in the first inning with a strained hamstring, as the collective hearts of South Florida dropped to our toes. He’s day-to-day.
Hanley Ramirez and Chris Coghlan were both three-for-five, and Cody Ross was four-for-six with an RBI. As a team, the Marlins had 17 hits, marking the twelfth consecutive 10+ hit game for the Fish.
The Marlins gained ground on the Rockies with the win, and climbed within one game of the wild card lead.
And then came game two.
I didn’t catch a whole lot of the second half of the doubleheader, but if the holes in my recap bother you, I’m pretty sure that’s why God invented box scores. And beat writers. Here’s what I did catch, though, watching some of the play-by-play on my Blackberry…
Rick VandenHurk was, um, not great. He gave up six runs in 5 2/3 innings–including three home runs–but while doing so, Vandinconsistent also managed career-high strikeouts with nine. Good stuff.
Not all the blame can fall on Vandy, as the Marlins had plenty of chances to score runs, and decided instead that it was a pretty neat idea to leave said runs stranded on base. The Fish had 13 hits, bringing their streak of games with ten+ hits to thirteen. Unfortunately, thirteen was also the number of men they left on base in the game, and they were unable to come up with much of anything with runners in scoring position.
Cody Ross set a franchise record for most hits in a doubleheader when he added another two hits in the second game to bring his total on the day to six.
The Marlins split the doubleheader, and thus remain two games back in the wild card. But the good news is they won yet another series by taking two out of three from Colorado, have won 8 of their last 10 games, and finish up their homestand 5-2.
And that, as they say, ain’t bad.
AdvertisementsA Brighouse driver is among 20 of the worst drivers in the UK.
A Freedom of Information request, obtained by the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM), revealed that a Brighouse man is the 11th worst driver in the country who holds 30 penalty points on a full driving licence.
Elsewhere in West Yorkshire, a Keighley woman, who holds an expired licence, has 30 penalty points for seven offences.
While, a man from Leeds who does not hold a licence has 28 points for five offences for driving without a licence or insurance..”
The top 20 worst drivers in the UK
1. A Liverpool man has 45 penalty points for eight offences
2. A Lewisham man, who does not hold a licence, has 40 penalty points for 12 offences
3. A Blackburn woman has 38 penalty points for ten offences
4. A Great Yarmouth man has 36 penalty points for 15 offences
5. A Oxford man has 36 penalty points for six offences
6. A man from Wales has 36 penalty points for six offences
7. A Wymondham man has 36 penalty points for eight offences including 5 no insurance
8. A Stockport man has 33 penalty points for seven offences
9. A Lincolnshire woman has 33 penalty points for eight offences
10. A Hull woman from Hill has 31 penalty points for six offences
11. A Brighouse man has 30 points for seven speeding offences
12. A Sheffield man has 30 points for nine offences
13. A Keighley woman has 30 penalty points for seven offences
14. A Guildford woman has 30 penalty points for five offences
15. A man from Wesgate-o-Sea has 30 points for seven offences
16. A Cardiff man has 29 points for seven offences
17. A Southampton man has 29 penalty points for eight offences
18. A Leeds man has 28 points for five offences
19. A Catford man has 28 points for five offences
20. A Huddersfield woman has 28 penalty points for six offencesThe Global Sealing Oil Sales Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry.
Global Sealing Oil Sales Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Sealing Oil Sales. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017.
The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Sealing Oil Sales market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Sealing Oil Sales Market is headed.
Access complete report at:…rket-report-2017
With this Sealing Apiezon, Ast, Aston, Cho Sealing, Dichtomatik, Dli, Fp, Federal-Mogul, Freudenberg, Garlock + Klozure, Hallite, Hunger, Sakagami, Skf, Sog&Ht,Sealparts, Parker Hannifin Corporation, Mitsubishi, Nak,Nok, Simrit, Trelleborg, Tto,Valqua, Zhongding Sealing Oil Sales Industry, per application.
All the queries about this report can be asked at:
List of Chapters:
1 Sealing Oil Sales Market Overview
2 Global Sealing Oil Sales Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application
3 United States Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
4 China Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
5 Europe Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
6 Japan Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
7 Southeast Asia Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
8 India Sealing Oil Sales (Volume, Value and Sales Price)
9 Global Sealing Oil Sales Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
10 Sealing Oil Sales Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Sealing:White Paper - Ignite Mathematical Imagination
One of the fundamental ingredients in scientific discovery is imagination. Just ask Einstein. And kids. Incredible experiences exist today that foster scientific imagination, experiences such as science museums, STEM/STEAM clubs, and home science kits. By very nature these experiences provide activities that are hands-on, interactive, and exploration-based. They use creative, colorful, exciting materials that stimulate the mind. They present challenges that draw the mind to new ideas, new questions, new principles, and perhaps even new discoveries.
Mathematics is the birth place of many scientific discoveries. It’s not only the language of science, but is a science itself. However, visit any science focused exhibit and we find a curious absence of interactive mathematical activities that invite exploration and discovery. The thrill of piecing together numeric and geometric concepts that lead to mathematical discoveries is exciting and addictive, and kids exposed to this kind of math experience want more.
Rather than observe the Platonic Solids, kids can experiment with two dimensional and three dimensional tessellations of polygons and “invent” the Platonic Solids themselves. When students discover the limit of equilateral triangles that can meet at the vertex of a polyhedral is five, they immediately want to test that limit. With the right materials, they may just create their own hyperbolic surface, pushing seven triangles to meet at a vertex.
Kids are naturally equipped to think in creative ways about simple mathematical principles. When enticed, this scientific curiosity will lead them to a unique and personal comprehension of those principles, a comprehension that they own and are proud of. For example, kids can piece together rectangles and squares to fill a given rectangular frame, thus measuring and calculating the area of the frame. They can experiment with triangles to fill a given polygonal frame, perhaps even modeling the formula for the area of a regular polygon. But where adults may stop, kids can keep going. Being presented with a frame modeling the area under a curve, kids can easily make the leap to estimate the area using smaller and smaller rectangle widths. Their curiosity will lead them to play with the powerful ideas of infinity and limits, ideas that are the foundations of calculus.
We can ignite the mathematical imagination of children with engaging materials paired with questions that carry their thinking from the simple to the complex. Believe us, they'll just want more.Actor Tom Prior Contact Details, Address, Phone Number – contact number, house address, mobile number, biography, email ID, website and other contact information is listed here with the resident or house address. The users can also get here the useful details related to Tom Prior home address, location including Events, shows, movies, updates, wallpapers, personal photos, status, tweets, etc.
Tom Prior is a well-renowned actor of the Film Industry. He is an actor and former model. Tom Prior was born on December 23, 1991 in London, United Kingdom. The residence of the Tom Prior is located in London, United Kingdom.
Tom Prior started his acting career in Movie “Alex Was a Friend of Mine” in 2012. He made his next debut movie “Endeavour” in 2014. Some of his famous movies are “The Theory of Everything” and “Dusty and Me” He has won many Awards in his career.
Actor Tom Prior Contact Information
Here, we are sharing the full contact details of Tom Prior including official Facebook, Twitter and other social page links. You can check below:
Actor Tom Prior House / Resident Address:
London
United Kingdom
Actor Tom Prior Personal Information
- Tom Prior Date of Birth: December 23, 1991
- Tom Prior Place of Birth: London, United Kingdom
- Tom Prior Height: 1.7 m
- Tom Prior Nationality: British
Actor Tom Prior Official Social Page Links:
The many persons are often searching information of Tom Prior around various sources and platforms. So, we are sharing all information with reference of the official website and other sources available on internet. Modifications in the information can be made according to the availability information.
Tom Prior Facebook Page Link:
Tom Prior Twitter Page Link:
Tom Prior Instagram Page Link:
Actor Tom Prior Images:
“The information on contactphonenumberaddress.com has been compiled from many sources. Contactphonenumberaddress.com is not affiliated with any of the companies, persons, brands and organizations. The all information and article is intended to be information only.”plastic pvc living room stretch ceiling panels design. Outdoor Use White Kerala Siding Wpc Pvc Panel, There are 719,652 pvc panel suppliers,
China PVC Panels supplier, Interior Wall Panel, PVC Vinyl Siding Manufacturers/ Suppliers Beijing Huayuan Jiaye Building Material Co., Ltd.
Georgia Pacific Vinyl Siding and Accessories products are designed to be virtually maintenance free and look great for wider panel styles, maximum
Pvc Siding Panels, Wholesale Various High Quality Pvc Siding Panels Products from Global Pvc Siding Panels Suppliers and Pvc Siding Panels Factory,Importer,Exporter
PVC Panels Suppliers . Manufacturer of standard & custom extrusions such as insulated plastic panels including PVC panels. panels include siding,
2225 Polymer Dr Chattanooga, TN 37421. Hunter Panels; Mule Hide; Polar; Siding. Vinyl Siding. Exteria; Exterior Portfolio; Royal Building Products; Aluminum Siding.
See All Vinyl Flooring See All Panel Products Find the answers to your Faux Stone Siding Panels questions. Start Learning. The Blog.
James Hardie Lap Siding, Panels, Shingle Siding, Soffit and Trim Nichiha Lap Siding, Panels and Shakes LP Smartside Siding, Panels, Soffit and Trim PVC Trim Miratec
PVC sheets come in many different sizes and can be customized Homeowners prefer PVC building products because they Carolina Beaded Vinyl Siding and a
Extrutech Plastics is the premier Manufacturer of Plastic Panels, PVC Doors, and ExtruCrete Tilt up Panels , Room sizes and heights can be made to fit your
Shop vinyl siding panels in the vinyl siding & accessories section of Lowes.com. Find quality vinyl siding panels online or in store. Access your saved products.
The corrugated AG TUF PVC liner panels allow efficient cladding of structures with many benefits for all types of agricultural professionals.
Find 4x8 Vinyl Ceiling Panels related suppliers, between ceiling panels for room widths of up to and static dissipative PVC panels stand up to
Wholesale Pvc Siding Panels ☆ Find 593 pvc siding panels products from 283 manufacturers & suppliers at EC21. ☆ Choose quality pvc siding panels manufacturers
USA Pvc Siding Panel from America Manufacturers and Exporters USA B2B Marketplace providing Pvc Siding Panel Offers and Catalogs from pre verified USA Suppliers and
Fiberglass Reinforced Panels (FRP) in both flat and corrugated. With a wide variety of uses including roofing, skylights, wall covers, greenhouses, and more.
Peripheral News:
- exterior hotel decking products
- prefab pavilion kits Qatar
- wall mount outdoor bench
- 20 x 32 pavilion plans
- reinforced composite plastic floor joists
- deck build garden cost
- composite deck panels marine industry
- composite wood outdoor hollow decoration decking
- outdoor steps handrail design waterproof wooden
- cheap wooden walkways decking
- patio deck board resurfacing
- wood composite flooring for outdoor porches
Fence Posts:
- buy synthetic wood decking in australia
- wood composite lumber benches for public area
- wood deck terrace landscape
- pvc composite decking material
- interior architectural wall paneling
- precast wpc composite wall panels residential
- the future of wall panel material
- high performance decking reviews
- cheap porch ideas and cost
- alfresco wpc decking designs
- pontoon simulated teak decking
- teak deck furniture in korea
Wall Panel:
- price of an 60 wood fence with lattice
- all kind of composite wood fence panels
- exterior decorative wood beam at roof eave
- high quality wood composite cladding panels
- pvc composite lumber floor
- waterproof covers for outdoor composite decks
- outdoor covering on budget
- best floor for outdoor patio projects
- adding a bench seat to an existing deck
- composite wall panel lumber distributors
- turn gazebo into pergola plans
- decorative outdoor wall paneling for application
Boat Deck:
- wooden roof decking wholesale
- mobile home pavilion roof
- vinyl siding cost for a 2000 square foot home
- modular green roof deck system
- non absorbent wood fence for sale
- style selections private courtyard deck boards
- solid surface decking in uk
- hollow plastic wood decking
- solid wood plastic fence posts wholesale
- balcony cladding materials wholesale
- build a wooden balcony railing
- price range of wpc panels in indiaThe ironic twist in the Trump-Duterte lovefest
THE DAY after Donald Trump won the US presidency in a stunning upset, Pres. Rodrigo Duterte declared the end of his personal war with the United States. “I don’t want to fight now that Trump’s there. I would like to congratulate President Trump. Mabuhay, Mr. Trump!”
Duterte personally conveyed his congratulations to Trump in a telephone call on December 2, when they engaged in what a Duterte aide described as a “very engaging, animated” seven-minute phone conversation where both of them extended travel invitations to the other. “He has invited me to visit New York and Washington DC. He said if I am around he wants to be notified of my presence,” Duterte said.
In a press conference held the morning after his phone call, Duterte said that Trump was “quite sensitive to our war on drugs, and he wishes me well in my campaign and said that we are doing, as he so put it, the right way,” Duterte said. Trump’s transition team only confirmed that Duterte “offered his congratulatory wishes to President-elect Trump” but did not mention any comment by Trump on Duterte’s war on drugs.
Duterte said that he was not surprised that the two men had exhibited “rapport” towards each other. He previously told the press that he thought the two of them would get along well. “We don’t have any quarrels. I can always be a friend to anybody especially to a president, a chief executive of another country. He has not meddled in the human rights,” he said.
The last comment was a pointed jab at Pres. Barack Obama whom Duterte famously attacked as a “son of a whore” for criticizing his human rights record which has claimed the lives of an average of 44 Filipinos a day. Obama has said that although he very much wants to partner with the Philippines, he wants a partnership that is “consistent with international norms and rule of law.”
,” he added.
Obama had warned that employing unlawful means in solving a problem would only spawn even more problems.”Because the consequences when you do it the wrong way, innocent people get hurt. And you have a whole bunch of unintended consequences that don’t solve the problem,” he said.
Duterte expressed his animosity towards Obama at a press conference held just before he left for the ASEAN conference in Laos last September. “Who is he?” he asked. “When as a matter of fact at the turn of the century, before the Americans left the Philippines, in the pacification campaign of the Moros in this island, there were around 6 million Moro population, how many died? If you can answer this question and give an apology, I will answer him… Who is he to confront me, as a matter of fact, America has one too many to answer for their misdeeds in this country.”
It was at that Manila press conference when Duterte first displayed photos of the atrocities committed by American soldiers in the Battle of Bud Dajo in 1906.
Duterte provided the answer to his question a week earlier in a speech in Davao Oriental on August 26 when he said: “There was this historical injustice committed against the Moro people. The Americans may want to know that during their campaign in Mindanao, they slaughtered 600,000 Moro people.”
In his address to the leaders of the 18-nation ASEAN group, Duterte dispensed with his prepared speech and continued his fiery tirade against the US military killings in Mindanao showing the delegates the same gruesome photos he presented in Manila just a few days before.
“This is my ancestor they killed,” he revealed. “Why now we are talking about human rights?’ he asked.
Duterte had previously disclosed that he has Moro blood through his grandmother. His oldest son, Paulo, the vice mayor of Davao City, converted to Islam when he married a Muslim Tausug woman.
During the Philippine presidential campaign, Duterte described himself as the “Moro people’s president”. At his rallies in the Moro provinces of Mindanao, Duterte pledged to “correct the historical injustice committed against the Moro people” as his Moro supporters would chant “Allahu Akbar” (“God is great”).
Given his professed closeness to Filipino Moros, it would have been expected that Duterte would find more kinship with Barack Hussein Obama whose own father was a Muslim from Kenya and who, as president, has called for Americans to be respectful of Muslims who number 1.6 billion of the world’s population and not to lump them all as “terrorists” which, he said, would only play into the hands of ISIS.
In contrast, Trump gained political prominence by questioning Obama’s American citizenship after falsely claiming that Obama was a Muslim who was born in Kenya.
After propagating this lie for five years, Trump finally retracted his claim in September but without issuing an apology to Obama.
A year ago, on December 8, 2015, Trump called for a ban on Muslims traveling to the United States. In an anti-immigration speech in Portland, Maine on August 5, 2016, Trump included the Philippines as among the “terrorist nations” whose citizens,” Trump said at the rally.
A further ironic twist in Duterte’s “bromance” with Trump is that the massacre of Filipino Moros which Duterte denounced in Laos was the subject of a speech by Donald Trump in North Charleston, South Carolina on February 19, 2016 but from the other side of the incident. In his speech, Trump narrated the story of how U.S. Army Gen. John “Blackjack” Pershing executed Muslim rebels in the Philippines as an example of how the U.S. should deal with Muslim terrorists today.
“I read a story, it’s a terrible story, but I’ll tell you,” Trump began. .”
Trump was wrong. It was not Gen. Pershing who ordered the attack that led to the slaughter of Muslims at Bud Dajo but Gen. Leonard Wood who himself would later seek the presidential nomination in the 1920 Republican primaries.
In 1906, Gen. Wood was the governor of Moro province when he imposed a cedula tax on the Moros which created great resentment against American rule. The Moros who refused to pay the cedula tax fled to the volcanic crater of Bud Dajo where water was plentiful and the people could farm rice and potatoes.
On March 2, 1906, Gen. Wood dispatched an assault force of 600 American soldiers to climb to the top of the crater where, on March 5, 1906, they fired their weapons into the crater where the Tausug Moros were holed up. Out of the estimated 800 to 1,000 Moros at Bud Dajo, only six survived. Eyewitness reports that corpses were piled five deep, and many of the bodies were shot multiple times. The photos of that slaughter still haunts Duterte.
Trump and Duterte may have different views about what American soldiers did to the Moros in Mindanao in 1906 but they are apparently willing to ignore those differences because they share one “huge” similarity: they are both alpha males.
As columnist Jonty Cruz observed: “For better or worse, both men act and live like they can do whatever the hell they want. They don’t worry about the consequences that come their way. They think little of those who are against them and use their power (whatever shape or form that may be) to pressure others and get their way. It doesn’t matter if people hate them for it or not. They don’t give a damn, quite frankly, because for Trump and Duterte, it’s their way or the highway.”
(Send comments to Rodel50@gmail.com or mail them to the Law Offices of Rodel Rodis at 2429 Ocean Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94127 or call 415.334.7800)..
This is a waste recycling technique where concrete and other construction materials such as plaster and AAC bricks are made from waste material like pumice, fly ash, slag, clay or shale. All the material undergoes a heating process to create the blocks. The manufacturing process of AAC bricks or concrete also includes mixes of cement slurry and Autoclaved aerated concrete (AAC). The lighter weight of the final product is one of the benefits users get by opting for AAC construction material.
Some other features of light weight blocks, which give them an upper hand over normal blocks, are reduced mass, high density, better insulation and thermal properties. This also brings down the construction cost as the reduced mass of materials also minimizes the requirement of construction materials. AAC bricks manufacturers further make it more cost effective by offering customized solutions in terms of size and quantity of the blocks.
Based on the buyer requirements and porosity, the building blocks manufacturers offer three types of light weight blocks: Aerated Concrete, No-fines Concrete (NFC) and Light weight aggregate concrete (LWAC).
Remarkable benefits offered by light weight concrete:
- Outstanding noise control properties make these blocks perfect for partition walls. If you are looking for sound barrier in your office or home, lightweight concrete blocks work excellent.
- AAC blocks or light weight blocks have the capacity to withstand earthquakes.
- Low thermal conductivity in these blocks makes them perfect thermal insulator. These bring down heating and cooling costs of the building and help the resident save money on electricity bills.
- These blocks are easy to saw, drill and shape, which eases the construction work.
- Their weather proof, termite resistant and fire proof nature makes them last longer and provide strength to the building.
One thought on “Get Benefitted From the Lightweight Concrete Blocks”
Very informative post, i am regular reader of your website.
I noticed that your blog is outranked by many other blogs
in google’s search results. You deserve to be
in top-10.510 Broadway #2
Built in 1900 this 10,995 sq.ft. building is 85% Residential, 15% Retail and contains 4 residential units and 1 non-residential units.
This property is currently Off Market. View Listing
- Baths: 2
- Bedrooms: 0
- Coop: 28, 2015 and the registration expires Sept. 1, 2016.
- Corporate Owner: 510 Broadway Cooperative, Inc, 510 Broadway, New York City, NY 10012
- Managing Agent: Allan Greenwald, 1337 E 8Th St, Brooklyn, NY 11230
- Head Officer: Jasmine Alexander, 510 Broadway #4, Ny, NY 10012
- Officer: Peter Miller, 2800 Victory Blvd, S.I, NY 10314
- Officer: Robert Weinreb, 50 Washington St ##, Bklyn, NY 11201
- Site Manager: Peter Miller,
Building Tips
Lot
- Address
- 510 Broadway #2, 10012
- Square Footage
- 2,500
- Lot Type
- Inside
- Dimensions
- 25.0ft x 100.0ft
- BBL
- 1004830010
- Coop Number
- 275
Zoning
- Zoning District
- M1-5B
- Commercial Overlay
- N/A
- Special Purpose
- N/A
- Limited Height
- N/A
- Landmark
- N/A
Assessment
- Tax Class
- 2C
- MV Land
- $1,270,000
- MV Total
- $5,918,000
- AV Land
- $124,422
- AV Total
- $579,788
Floor Area Ratio
- Built FAR
- 4.4
- Residential
- Zoned FAR 0.0
Max 0.0 sq. ft.
Remaining -10,995.0 sq. ft.
- Commercial
- Zoned FAR 5.0
Max 12,500.0 sq. ft.
Remaining 1,505.0 sq. ft.
- Facility
- Zoned FAR 6.5
Max 16,250.0 sq. ft.
Remaining 5,255.0 sq. ft.
Building
- Category
- Elevator Apartments
- Class
- Elevator Cooperative
- Land Use
- Multi-Family Elevator Buildings
- Buildings
- 1
- Year Built
- 1900
- Alterations
- N/A
- Floors
- 5.0
- Residential Units
- 4
- Total Units
- 5
- Floor Area
- 10995
-Events Calendar
Women's Bible Study
Tuesday, November 14, 2017, 11:00am - 12:30pm
Contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Come study with us. We are currently in Elizabeth George's book: "A Woman Who Reflects the Character of Jesus"
Location 120 S. Elliott Road Newberg OR 976132Car fire - Eastfield - Peterborough
23/07/2017 - 9.30PM
A crew from Dogsthorpe was called to a car fire in Oxney Road.
Firefighters used a hose reel to extinguish the fire and returned to their station by 10.07pm.
Cause of the fire was deliberate.
Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.Most black South African women with natural hair have hair that falls under the Type 4C category. This hair is kinky and very tightly curled. It's also very wiry,tightly coiled and fragile. Type 4 hair appears to be coarse but is quite fine with many strands densely packed together. It feels more silky than it looks shiny.This you use a curling iron or chemicals you break down a cuticle layer which means your hair loses moisture. Showing the true length of Type 4C hair can be an extra challenge, as the hair may grow “up” or “out” before starting to hang down. Shrinkage for this hair type is known to be as high as 75% of the actual hair length. This hair type needs extra moisture and tender care to prevent breakage.- HAIRLISTAStudy Guide with Student Solutions Manual for Brown/Foote/Iverson/Anslyn’s Organic Chemistry, 6th
- ISBN 13:
9781111426811
- ISBN 10:
1111426813
- Sixth Edition of the core text. It helps students achieve a deeper intuitive understanding of the material through constant reinforcement and practice--ultimately resulting in much better preparation for in-class quizzes and tests, as well as national standardized tests such as the DAT and MCAT.Category : International, Asia-Pacific
Islamabad. Pakistan's army chief told a top US general the nation "felt betrayed" at criticism that it was not doing enough to fight terrorism, the military said on Friday (12/01), after US President Donald Trump accused Pakistan of "lies and deceit."
US US US ally - over accusations Islamabad is playing a double game in Afghanistan.
Islamabad denies this and accuses the United States of disrespecting its vast sacrifices - casualties have numbered in the tens of thousands - in fighting terrorism.
The US.
ReutersLoose Change: 8/24/09]The Institute for Sufi Studies began the “Sufi Culture and Literature” non-thesis MA program in February of 2016, and began matriculating during the Spring semester of 2015-2016. The program allows for those interested from all branches to complete a graduate study on Sufism and related topics.
The content of the program has been structured in a way that presents a holistic approach through topics such as the doctrine of Sufism, history of Sufism, and Sufi literature, which are both related to each other and to other fundamental Islamic sciences, Islamic thought, and civilizational history, while also correlated to other disciplines from social studies. At the same time, the program aims to contribute to the creation of multi-disciplinary cultural studies sourced in Turkey based on the perspective of “Islamic thought and Sufism.” When looked at more closely, it is observed that any study that concerns itself with culture in this geography must also inevitably apply to the area of Sufism. Research on Sufism can also bring new perspective to those interested in sociology and human psychology today.
The program, whose scientific content consultancy is done by Uskudar University Advisor to the President Prof. Dr. Mahmud Erol Kilic, the research languages of Sufism, with Ottoman Turkish foremost among them, is taught in addition to Arabic. The Arabic education has been structured according to the classical Ottoman style in order to aid students’ understanding of classical texts better. Persian is among the elective courses.
The student, if so desired, can take a year long Arabic Preparatory Training course. The Arabic Prep Course is carried out by AROMER in accordance with the special protocol set up between the Institute and Istanbul 29 Mayis University International Arabic Center for Education Implementation and Research (AROMER).
Information about Master's Degree, Spring 2016-2017.. ... Goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury missed his eighth game with a concussion. . The Penguins sent defenseman Adam Clendening to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins on a conditioning assignment.Post-rock outfit from Leicester, UK Maybeshewill offer their latest full-length studio album ‘Fair Youth’. The new album seems to be a much more elegant and somewhat more gentler affair than the bands’ previous output, offering up more refined and calmer post-rock tracks. The new album seems to be another step forward for the band, who manage to showcase some new ideas and new themes that we might not have seen before. The whole album effort comes across as a very interesting and highly enjoyable post-rock album, showcasing the band as one of the more stronger acts working within the genre.
‘Fair Youth’ benefits from its much more subtle approach to the genre. The band employ some interesting techniques and ideas to give much more depth and quality to the music itself. At times, ‘Fair Youth’ delves into the noisy crescendo elements we often hear within the genre, though the album isn’t dominated by this simple technique like so many others are. Instead, the album seems to develop in a much slower and calmer way, allowing the music to really express itself. ‘Fair Youth’ comes across as one of Maybshewill’s finest album efforts, with each song contributing brilliantly towards a wonderful album experience.
There’s a great amount to enjoy on ‘Fair Youth’, which is arguably one of Maybeshewill’s finest albums thus far in their career. The album is perhaps let down by the moments where Maybeshewill delve into traditional post-rock elements, after wonderfully demonstrating more uncommon techniques. Whilst the techniques certainly work well for the band, it feels a little bit too easy, as though the band aren’t putting as much care and attention into the tracks as they have done on the album’s highlights. To some fans, these are the more enjoyable elements though, and they certainly have their place on the album in some respects.
There’s a chance Maybeshewill could polarize some of their audience with the release of ‘Fair Youth’, though it’d be very odd if fans of the band don’t find something to appreciate about the new album. The whole album works wonderfully, weaving together beautifully composed post-rock tracks, and throwing in some larger much grander moments to keep things a little pumped up. The album comes across as one of the better post-rock efforts, showing a slightly new side to Maybeshewill as a post-rock band, and suggesting that there’s lots of great things to come from this creative act.
Album Rating:
- ★★★★☆ 4/5
Selected Songs:
- You And Me And Everything In Between
- Fair Youth
- Asiatic
- In The Blind
Maybeshewill’s latest album ‘Fair Youth’ is out now.Community Bank N.A. decreased its holdings in shares of United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) by 6.0% during the 3rd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 16,468 shares of the transportation company’s stock after selling 1,050 shares during the period. Community Bank N.A.’s holdings in United Parcel Service were worth $1,978,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of United Parcel Service by 2.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 48,402,968 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $5,352,884,000 after purchasing an additional 1,262,293 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of United Parcel Service by 2,550.9% during the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 45,051,373 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $4,834,013,000 after acquiring an additional 43,351,873 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP increased its position in shares of United Parcel Service by 4.0% during the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 29,387,614 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $3,153,291,000 after acquiring an additional 1,117,802 shares during the last quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA increased its position in shares of United Parcel Service by 5.4% during the first quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 24,295,470 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $2,606,905,000 after acquiring an additional 1,246,981 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in shares of United Parcel Service by 0.5% during the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 14,357,475 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $1,587,793,000 after acquiring an additional 71,666 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 53.67% of the company’s stock.
A number of analysts recently commented on the company. UBS increased their price target on United Parcel Service from $117.00 to $126.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, October 27th. Deutsche Bank raised United Parcel Service from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $125.00 to $135.00 in a research report on Monday, December 4th. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $118.00 price target on shares of United Parcel Service in a research report on Sunday, October 1st. Cowen increased their price target on United Parcel Service from $115.00 to $124.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research report on Monday, October 23rd. Finally, Loop Capital increased their price objective on United Parcel Service from $120.00 to $128.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $121.45.
United Parcel Service (NYSE:UPS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 26th. The transportation company reported $1.45 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.45. United Parcel Service had a return on equity of 551.29% and a net margin of 5.58%. The business had revenue of $15.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.62 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.44 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.0% on a year-over-year basis. analysts expect that United Parcel Service, Inc. will post 6.01 earnings per share for the current year.
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, November 29th. Investors of record on Monday, November 13th were issued a dividend of $0.83 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, November 10th. This represents a $3.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.78%. United Parcel Service’s dividend payout ratio is presently 81.37%.
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Community Bank N.A.”.
What are top analysts saying about United Parcel Service? - Enter your email address in the form below to receive our free daily email newsletter that contains the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for for United Parcel Service and related companies.Pro-Ject's newest "BEST BUY" star—radical design with no compromise on sound quality at the lowest price possible. All ingredients, like the shape of the chassis with decoupled motor, inverted main bearing and newly designed tone-arm, all add up to a miracle in sound for the price.
AUTHORIZED DEALER - FULL WARRANTY
- Turntable:
- Quiet running synchronous motor with a two-step pulley drives the platter's outside edge via a rubber belt
- Drive motor is isolated on its own platform and completely decoupled from the plinth to eliminate vibration transmission
- Resonance-optimized platter is made of medium density fiber
- Inverted, chrome-plated stainless-steel axle runs on a polished metal ball in a sintered bronze bearing housing
- Connection to the phono input of the amplifier can be made with connecting cables of your taste through the gold-plated phono sockets and earth screw
- External power supply avoids potential electro-mechanical interference
- Tonearm 8,6 S:
- Supplied with Ortofon OM 3E or Ortofon 2M Red MM-cartridge fitted
- Headshell and armtube fashioned from a single piece of aluminum
- The horizontal bearings consist of two hardened stainless steel points and ballraces.
- Eccentrically mounted counterweight reduces cantilever forces and dynamic wow when playing warped records.
- Solid armbase permits accurate height adjustment of armtube and VTA (vertical tracing angle).
- The counterweight supplied is suitable for cartridges weighing between 4 - 9g
- Single-screw fixing of armtube allows rotation for easy adjustment of needle azimuth despite fixed headshell.
- The internal wiring consists of silver coated, high-purity copper.
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
We want you to love every item you purchase from SKY by Gramophone. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return items that are complete and like-new for any reason within 60 days. You may choose an exchange or a refund for the full amount of the items you purchased*. Refunds must be issued to the same credit card, debit card, gift certificate, or other form of payment used in the original transaction.
SKY by Gamophone is an authorized dealer for all products we carry, which means manufacturer warranties are valid on every product purchased from us.
*Restocking fees apply for furniture, as well as for products without original packaging, missing accessories, and not in new or like-new condition.
FREE U.S. SHIPPING
(TVs excluded): Economic Notes
Indicative of most other interest rates, the 10-year swap rate rose dramatically this past week. The most significant of the economic releases due this coming week is Thursday’s report on consumer spending and income in May. Although the numbers are almost a month old, they represent the most comprehensive view of consumers’ behavior. We the […] […]
Meyers Report: Fed Policy Hurting Bank Lending
The Federal Reserve has massively increased bank reserves to stimulate the economy. This policy has been a complete failure. Instead of increasing, the pace of spending has actually decreased. For the US, spending over the past year has slipped to 3½%. It was 4% in the previous two years. Here’s how it is supposed to work. By purchasing securities, the Fed […] […]This is a school expedition like no other. Thanks to our years of experience in the Himalaya, we've run many successful school trips in Bhutan. On this trip.
These trips involve trekking, walking, cycling, rafting or kayaking for up to five or six hours a day at a slow but steady pace and should never be misinterpreted to mean they are easy trips., road cycling twice a week for three months prior to departure is recommended..
Meals: L.
Meals: B,L,D Goemba (3650m). This is a beautiful Buddhist monastery and an important pilgrimage site for the Bhutanese people..
In the morning we complete our sightseeing in and after lunch we complete the two-hour drive back to Paro.
Morning transfer to Paro Airport for your onward flight.
Meals: B
Per Person, Twin ShareGo to Mobile Site
by Sue-Ann Levy
Toronto Sun
July 20, 2017
Excerpt:.
Read the complete original version of this item...
Related Topics: Demonstrations, Entertainment / Media, Government, Holidays, Interfaith, Mosques / Imams, Multiculturalism, Police / FBI | Sue-Ann Levy
receive the latest by email: subscribe to the free islamist watch mailing list
Note: The content of external articles does not necessarily reflect the views of Islamist Watch.
Creeping DhimmitudeDan Berlin, President of Software Technology, Inc., the maker of Tabs3 and PracticeMaster, has attended every single ABA TECHSHOW to date. The company decided to sit down with Dan and get some insight on how ABA TECHSHOW and legal technology have changed in the past 30 years.
Why did you attend the first ABA TECHSHOW in 1986?
Dan Berlin: We participated in the first year of ABA TECHSHOW because we were already advertisers with what is now the Law Practice Division. We were looking to grow our company, so we wanted to attend any legal conference possible. That first year they had a meeting in Boston and Dallas, and both shows were highly attended with a lot of exhibitors—it was an overall success.
How has ABA TECHSHOW changed?
DB: A big change I’ve noticed over the past 30 years is the kind of vendors that attend ABA TECHSHOW. In the late 80s, there were close to 100 different companies that offered time and billing software, with many attending the show. That number has greatly decreased due to acquisitions or companies that went out of business. There’s also a wider variety of vendors today. With the constant emergence of new technology, the number of exhibitors fluctuates, and the makeup of who exhibits changes.
Many different types of products, services, and companies have come and gone. However, a lot of the major players that were there 20+ years ago are still here, us being one of them. We’re proud to be one of the few originals that were there 30 years ago, never missing a show and still going strong.
How has ABA TECHSHOW stayed the same?
DB: Something that has been really good for ABA TECHSHOW, and for us, is that it continuously attracts members of LP along with other tech savvy attorneys. These professionals are looking for cutting-edge technology, and they want to find the software and services that will help them be the most efficient in their practice. Plus, ABA TECHSHOW always attracts the top industry consultants.
I think one of the smartest things ABA TECHSHOW has done is continue to have it run by LP members, many of them practicing attorneys or high-end consultants. ABA TECHSHOW remains revolutionary by the speakers they bring in and the sessions they offer.
How has legal technology changed?
DB: Technology for law firms is ever changing. Our main objective is the same as it was 30 years ago, and as it will be 30 years from now: to use the latest technology to help attorneys practice law and run their firm as efficiently as possible. As operating systems and technologies advance, we will make sure the state-of-the-art opportunities are there for our clients. Sometimes we set the pace, while other times we adapt to changing technology. We are constantly looking to provide better and new features, like the mobility offered with Tabs3 Connect. In 30 years, things have changed so much. You have to understand, we went from running software on an 8-bit operating system on a word processor, using floppy discs, to being able to pull out our phone to enter in time. Everything in between is part of our journey, and we’re looking forward to continuing this journey with ABA for decades to come. Personally, in ten years I’m looking forward to attending the 40th anniversary of ABA TECHSHOW!
Dan Berlin (pictured right) standing in a Tabs3 Software trade show booth in the 90s..Broccoli May Reverse Damage, Prevent Cancer in LiverPosted: March 6, 2016 Filed under: Food and it's Impact on Our Health Leave a comment
Photo by mama_mia/Shutterstock
Adding broccoli to the diet of mice in the lab reversed fat buildup in their livers, as well as reduced the number of cancerous nodules found in the rodents livers.
URBANA, Ill., March 3 (UPI) — Eating broccoli three to five times per week has been shown in experiments to reduce the risk for liver cancer, in addition to reducing damage to the liver that increases risk for cancer, according to new research with mice.
Researchers at the University of Illinois found eating broccoli a few times a week can counter the development of fat in the liver, which causes it to malfunction and increases the risk for liver cancer.
The vegetable is known to reduce the risk for other types of cancer, including breast, prostate and colon, so researchers were less surprised by its link to decreased risk for cancer than its effects on diseased livers.
The researchers said they worked specifically with mice that were not genetically predisposed to obesity, opting instead for rodents that became obese because of diet and activity. Their reasoning was most people are not genetically likely to become obese, focusing instead on the effects of the Western diet that has led to three-quarters of Americans being overweight or obese.
“There are actually two ways of getting fatty liver: one, by eating a high-fat, high-sugar diet and the other by drinking too much alcohol,” Elizabeth Jeffery, a professor of nutrition at the University of Illinois, said in a press release. “In this case, it is called non-alcoholic fatty liver, because we didn’t use the alcohol. And it is something that is becoming prevalent among Americans. This disease means you are no longer controlling the amount of fat that is accumulating in your liver.”
For the study, published in the Journal of Nutrition, the researchers gave four groups of mice either a control diet with or without broccoli or a “Western diet” high in lard and sucrose with or without broccoli.
The researchers report that mice on the Western diet had more cancer nodules and larger nodules in their livers, but when broccoli was added to their diets the number of nodules decreased. Additionally, the researchers said the Western diet increased fat retained in the liver, but with broccoli added to their diets, the rodents livers increased the their output of lipids.
Jeffery said the mice did not lose weight when broccoli was added to their diets, but their livers got healthier. This, she said, suggests adding the vegetable to meals can make people healthier.
“I think it’s very difficult, particularly given the choices in fast food restaurants, for everybody to eat a lower fat diet,” Jeffery said. “But more and more now you can get broccoli almost everywhere you go. Most restaurants will offer broccoli, and it’s really a good idea to have it with your meal.”
published in the Journal of NutritionResidents in Malawi’s financial capital Blantyre have reacted angrily at government attempts to criminalise farting in public. The Local Courts Bill, to be introduced next week, reads: “Any person who vitiates the atmosphere in any place so as to make … read more »
At the tender age of ten, Namwila is a budding designer. The young Zambian will participate in the 2011 Young Designer Awards at the Fashion Designers and Craft Makers (FDC) Young Designer Show which will take place on Saturday 26th … read more »
This week, I will look at some myths that gripped the Zambia in the 70’s. I will also continue rekindling people’s memories with a few social elements from the same period and before. MYTHS 1. That a former … read more »
By … read more »
UP … read more »
By TITUS YABO UNIVERSAL Mining and Chemical Industries Limited (UMCIL) has said it will invest over US$130 million in the development of two iron ore mines and a railway line from Lusaka to Mumbwa. UMCIL director Bright Chunga said in … read more »
By DARLINGTON MWENDABAI MTN Zambia has removed charges for incoming calls and SMS for all its customers when they travel to South Africa, Uganda, Rwanda, Botswana and Swaziland. MTN Zambia chief marketing officer, Ernst Fonternel said prepaid, topup and … read more »
Government, … read more »
President RUPIAH BANDA says Government is proud of FAZ president KALUSHA BWALYA’s election to the CAF executive board. President Banda says Kalusha’s election brings prestige to ZAMBIAN football. President BANDA has also assured KALUSHA of government’s support in his pursuance … read more »During our called meeting on January 10, 2015 our yearly meeting affirmed a Minute of Action regarding how our faith community intends to address the many facets of “-isms” that confront us and our wider community.
In the time since our called meeting an “extended clerk’s’ included in the lists below, please refer to the individual pages devoted to each of the three groups: Beginning, Intermediate and Well Along
Beginning Resources (List)
BOOKS & FILMS
- Jeff Hitchcock, Lifting the White Veil
- Paul Kivel, Uprooting Racism
- Robin Parker and Pamela Smith Chambers, The Anti-Racist Cookbook (reading only)
- Ronald Takaki, A Different Mirror
- PBS documentary series, RACE – The Power of an Illusion
ONLINE RESOURCES & ARTICLES
- Peggy McIntosh’s white privilege articles
WORKSHOPS & CONFERENCES
- White Privilege Conference
ACTIVISM
- ColorofChange.org
Please refer to our Beginning Resources Page for more information about these materials
Intermediate Resources (List)
ARTICLES, BOOKS & FILMS
- Joy Angela Degruy, Post Traumatic Slave Syndrome
- Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow
- Thandeka, Learning to Be White
- Donna McDaniel and Vanessa Julye, Fit for Freedom, Not for Friendship
- The Color of Fear
- Mirrors of Privilege: Making Whiteness Visible
- Traces of the Trade: A Story from the Deep North
- What is White Supremacy by Elizabeth ‘Betita’ Martinez
WORKSHOPS & CONFERENCES
- Training for Change – Whites Confronting Racism
- Beyond Diversity 101 Associates – Beyond Diversity 101
- Beyond Diversity Resource Center – Summer Institute – An Immersion Experience on Race
- Center for the Study of White American Culture – What White People Can Do About Racism
ACTIVISM
- Robin Parker & Pamela Smith Chambers, The Anti-Racist Cookbook (putting it into practice)
Please refer to our Intermediate Resources Page for more information about these materials
Well Along Resources (List)
ARTICLES, BOOKS & FILMS
- Bonnie Berman Cushing, et al, Accountability and White Anti-Racist Organizing
- Randall Robinson, The Debt
- “Heteropatriarchy and the Three Pillars of White Supremacy: Rethinking Women of Color Organizing” by Andrea Smith
ONLINE RESOURCES & ARTICLES
- Challenging White Supremacy Workshop Resources
- Poverty & Race Research Action Council Resource Library
- Racial Equity Tools
- Traces of the Trade Actions of Faith Communities
- Tema Okun, “White Supremacy Culture”
- UC-Berkeley, “The Science of Inequality, Volume 1: Addressing Implicit Bias, Racial Anxiety, and Stereotype Threat in Education and Health Care”
WORKSHOPS & CONFERENCES
- Peoples Institute for Survival and Beyond – Undoing RacismTM
Please refer to our Well Along Resources Page for more information about these materials
These resource lists were compiled by our consultant and reviewed by the clerks of our yearly meeting.
-.
Useful Statistics
This tab was added to provide a brief overview of useful statistics that Friends may use when studying the various impacts of racism and white supremacy on our society. Below, find a list of resources with useful statistical overviews:Company Owner, born in Brazil, Portuguese mother tongue. Other languages (German, English, French and Spanish). Business Administration Degree at Universidade de Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo, Brazil. Certificate of Commerce in Basel and post graduation in Events Management at the University of Applied Economics of Luzern, Switzerland.
Years of professional experience, both in public and private segments in Brazil (marketing and sales, consulting, events). Resident in Basel, Switzerland. Member of the legal and tax committee of the Latin-American Chamber of Commerce in Switzerland.Good quality does not have to be expensive like the new Silent Fan Series from (((Noiseblocker))) aver. The ideal compromise between loudness, quality and favourable price.
Designed in Germany
1000 u/min
The failure rate is below 0,15% on 100 000 units per year.
Warrenty : 2 years
Technical specifications:
Size: 120x120x25mm
Loudness: 13 dB/A
Airflow: 41 CFM
Connection: 3 Pin Molex
German Reviews:
French Reviews:
Italian Reviews:
Netherlands Reviews:Many might simply ask, why not pay them a fair wage to begin with?
Walmart has certainly gotten some bad press lately, having been shunned for its spot on the “Black Thursday” list of stores open on Thanksgiving, and now people are appalled that a Walmart location in Oklahoma, for the second year in a row, is asking for employee food donations for their co-workers in a holiday food drive.
The move drew criticism last year when several Walmart locations did the same thing. However, in response to both last year and this year, Walmart is claiming that the reasoning behind the food drive does not have anything to do with regular wages received by employees, but rather is meant as a system to help out those on medical leave, or who have experienced tragedies, like a house fire.
“Two associates are on medical leave of absence and are unable to work, leaving their families who depend on two incomes down to only one,” Oklahoma City Walmart dairy manager Dawane Sulatis told Think Progress. “I think that putting a Thanksgiving meal on the table should be the last thing these people have to worry about, and so my next question was whether I could start a food drive at the store to help them out.”
But the Walmart CEO last year estimated that the majority of its employees make around $25,000, or just above the poverty line of around $23,000. Walmart also runs an “Associates in Critical Need Fund,” which aims to raise money all year-round for workers who simply can’t get by.You’re flattered when a reporter calls to ask your help with an article or TV report. It’s an acknowledgement of your industry or subject-matter expertise.
Perhaps you’re looking forward to the boost to your business or career the media interview may bring.
You know that being helpful and co-operative can showcase your professionalism and position your company well.
Basic mistake
But if you approach the interview simply as a question and answer session, you may be overlooking the real opportunity that such an invitation presents. This tactical view is the fundamental error many new to the media interview game make.
In fact, you can be responsive to the reporter’s need for news and great quotes while at the same time making the experience a win for you and your company.
Preparation is key
Before committing to a media interview, you must take time to prepare thoroughly. Even if the reporter is on deadline, it’s important to reflect on what you want to accomplish. In the best cases, winging media interviews leads to missed opportunities. In the worst, it can create PR problems for you and your organization.
Before the interview:
- Determine your objective. Imagine the final article or story. What is the headline? What is the best outcome for your organization?
- Envision your audience. Who are they and what information will be of interest to them?
- Develop two or three core messages. These are concepts that will resonate with your audience.
- Practice. Spend some time doing mock interviews with your PR advisor in advance. And go beyond the tough questions. Many a seasoned executive has masterfully handled a variety of hard questions only to be thrown when asked to describe the business he is in.
Henry Kissinger, former Secretary of State, excelled at pre-interview preparation. Once he entered a press conference and joked to the media representatives present, “What questions do you have for my answers today?”
With practice and preparation, you, too, can be a polished interviewee while advancing your organization’s goals and positioning it for success.
What other preparatory steps have you found helpful before participating in a media interview?
You might also enjoy Want Your Messages to Stick? Storytelling Can Help
Photo via Dreamstime.With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
WELCOME TO MY PROFILE
If you want your own personal website or business purpose website, you can contact me. Apart from this you can also contact me for any kind of Software Projects, Database related works, Flash designing, Graphics or Logo designing and any other computer related issue.
Languages : ASP.NET,VB.net, PHP, C, JAVA, Visual Basic, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript.
Databases : Oracle 9i/10G, MS SQL Server 7.0,MS SQL Server 2008, MS-Access.
Software : MS Office, MS Visual Studio, IIS,MS SQL Server, Oracle, Adobe Photoshop 7.0,...I can only speak for myself, but I was always of the impression that pregnancies could happen at any time – anywhere as long as your penis circulated a vagina area. Fine, I exaggerate a tad, but it was to prove a point. Babies happened. It was all over the TV. Soaps showing unexpected pregnancies in all ages, and shows on MTV about teen pregnancies. A friend of mine got pregnant when she was 16. To me, this should have been one of the easier tasks in life. What would come later would be hard part – the upbringing. I expected babies to happen as soon as we went for it.
Most people have one or two things they struggle with. Physically or mentally. Perhaps you were raped as a teenager. Maybe your mother was an alcoholic, or you lost your significant other in a car crash. Maybe your father died when you were young and always longed for a father figure. Maybe you have no self confidence, maybe you are under-performing in life and know it. Humans always seem to have one or two “soft” spots. I often wondered what mine was – now that I had broken free from a shaky start of adult life to excel in what I was doing, I almost expected something to pop up.
Turns out it was lack of pregnancies. She simply did not become pregnant. We tried for a couple of years, nothing happened. Perhaps it something physically wrong. Maybe it was her mental state of stress. She was always stressed out. Perhaps it was hormonal. More than likely a mix of all. We just didn’t know. All we knew was that it wasn’t me that had a problem.
We were referred to IVF treatment. First three times are free in this country. I didn’t know much about it, but figured this would be a safe bet. Considering it was a 30% chance on each try, the math was good. A 90% chance. In theory it would work. We talked about children names and prepared like any other couple. First try didn’t work out, and I started to calculate the chances in different ways. By each step in the process, 50% of the eggs would disappear. The Norwegian approach is also to be very conservative and not insert many eggs – compared to Israel where it was more of a “go flat out” approach with many eggs and considerable amount of twins being born. I read articles online saying it was mentally demanding. Physically as well – for the female.
First try was a failure even before got to the insemination part. She made a mistake with her drug injections prior to the date we had at the hospital. It didn’t cost us a try.
Second one went alright. Six eggs was taken out. Three didn’t evolve. Three was alright, but two of them did not develop properly. We had one left, which was inserted. The nurse talked about “the golden egg” which I found odd. Why bet on a “golden egg” when chances would increase if you bet on several of them at one try? Their response was that they didn’t know her body well enough to know how things would go. They were simply being cautious, but in my world that cost us two tries before they found the right dosage of drugs and what not. It was like putting your hand out in a dark closet and hoping to find that shirt you want to wear on that particular day. Among so many others. The more I calculated based on how they were doing things, the less positive I got. And it took months and months between each try. It was all a process. And a painful one at that.
Second try was aborted while we were halfway to the hospital by train. It was a two hour ride. None of the eggs had developed. We jumped off the train and went back home with our hopes shattered for a second time. I realized at some point that this may as well not work. I could end up not being able to form a family at all.
I thought it to be very ironic. Of everyone I knew when I was growing up, I always considered myself as very capable with children. I adored children. My confidence in fatherhood had not even gone down when my self-confidence was low and I was insecure. If it was one thing I was good at, it was professional and personal care for others.
And in the midst of this painfully slow and tough process, we were growing apart from each other. Or maybe she had already disappeared from me, she just couldn’t find a way out.获取关于此房间的更多信息
1 - 5 条点评，共 375 条
I've stayed here 50+ nights so far this year thus I think this review is overdue.
My profession requires me...更多
Dear Jonpikt,
Thank you for your feedback. We are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay, with our comfy rooms,...更多
It's a nice location and comfortable hotel IF you get a good room. The hotel has hot water shower issues...更多
First and foremost I wanted to thank you for taking the time to leave us a review and share your...更多
I generally like this brand and am a loyal SPG member but this location is terrible. The sheets are old and need to be taken out of rotation. They are washed, but I don't feel like they are cleaned. It is a cheap place to...更多
Thank you for bringing these issues to my attention. I apologize that were given rooms that were not properly prepared....更多
1. Clean
2. Quick guest services responses
3. Friendly front desk
4. modern look
5. Bar is nice some may say it's a bit pricey but hey, drink prices vary anywhere. I found it standard
Overall great experience every time I stay here!
Thanks guys!更多
Thank you for choosing Aloft San Antonio Airport and for sharing your recent experience. We appreciate your feedback and recommendation...更多
i typically stay at a central SPG property when i am working in san antonio. the riverwalk is too expensive....更多
Dear bbbuttercup,
Thank you for taking the time to post a review about your stay. We’re glad you were pleased...更多I am a graduate from The University of Texas at Austin, with a degree in chemical engineering. I have some time off before I start my career in management consulting, and want to devote some of my time to helping others understand and excel in their most challenging subjects. As a chemical engineering student at […]
algebra 2
Astrophysics Major & Mathematics/Physics Tutor
I’m currently an undergraduate astrophysics student at Portland Community College (PCC), completing my final year of physics, math, and chemistry courses before transfer to a four-year university. I’m also a member of the Phi Theta Kappa honor society, and the VP of PCC’s national Society of Physics Students. I’ve extensively tutored integral and differential calculus […]
Want a tutor with a passion for mathematics?
I […]
Math and CS tutor who understands child development and learning
Greetings. I will make two promises. First, I will make learning fun and enjoyable, yet challenging. Second, I will NOT bring the same ‘school teacher’ mentality that you will often find in other tutors’ bios. You and your child deserve better. In order to provide you with the best, I am equipped with subject expertise, […] […]Modern Australian Home Set in the Desert
Made up of three large wings, a prominent structure in the center of the home is comprised of glass, concrete and metal beams. Although the glass is not tinted, views of the interior are shrouded in shadows, due to the unique architecture outside. Completed in 2012, Rachcoff Vella Architecture, this home takes on varied modern elements to create a structure that is visually stimulating. The kitchen and dining area are surrounded by light on all sides, as it comes flooding in from the floor to ceilings windows. At the far end of the center wing, an entertainment trimmed in black sits lost to the ground. A built-in fireplace and flat screen TV appear close to a comfortable chair and overstuffed couched. The unusual home, with its glass structure and convex walls challenge everything you think interior design represents.
Modern Greek Home with Gravity Defying Angles
Chalet on the Mountainside
In The Midst of a Wood: Tower like structure has outstanding views of the surrounding woodland with a simple, yet functional interior
Intersect This: This enormous building utilises intersecting shapes to create a unique and contemporary structure
The Interesting Architecture of a Home Made of Wood and Stone
Dark Delight: Modern addition to a main house has rich dark colour tones and a warm cosy feel
Secluded Mysticism: Beautiful holiday home oozes mystery and adventure
Energy Emitting: Modern house has contemporary styling with a sense of energy and light
Abstract Luxury Home in Mexico
Secluded and Stylish: House in the middle of nowhere, has style, elegance and extremely splendid views- LittleButtons
- 3 years ago
- Wedding: October 2013
Today after I ate my lunch I brought from home, I ran to a local bakery near my office. I bought two huge Snickerdoodle cookies, one for me, and one for my DH when I get home. Well I go home in an hour and a half and his cookie is 3/4 eaten, but it is just that good!! It’s the thought that counts right? And what he never knew won’t hurt him!
What have you done today that you should feel bad about??John Armstrong could be out for 12 weeks, it was revealed on the night Steelers chalked up their fourth straight shut out.
Centreman Armstrong suffered a finger injury as he brawled with a Nottingham Panthers player in the previous match.
It's a bad wound and could last much of the rest of season - which may mean Sheffield will have to dip in the market again.
A club spokesman said Armstrong, who has scored four points in his last three matches, could be out "10 to 12 weeks."
His absence meant a change of formation with forward duties for Cole Shudra.
Zack Fitzgerald sat out a one-match ban.
Tim Wallace contests the puck against Manchester Storm
Goaltender Ervins Mustukovs started the game having broken the EIHL shut out record at 241.28 mins, a stretch which covered five games and had seen 86 saves in that time.
Storm without Matt Bissonnette, Ashley Smith and Chris Auger, almost conceded after 11 seconds when Mathieu Roy had a chance.
But the first shift of the Valdix night returned a goal, with Robert Dowd netting after 88 seconds.
Manchester responded well - they had five or six shots on Mustukovs within a short spell and looked mobile for their size on the big ice.
Today's visitors
But Scott Aarssen could have added another for Sheffield.
The middle period started as well for the home club as the first did - with the main protaganists involved again.
This time Dowd turned provider, his delicious pass from behind the net was put away first time by Andreas Valdix 59 seconds in.
Storm had barely put a foot wrong, considering they were 2-0 down.
But they could not match the quality of the Valdix line where it mattered most.
Storm threw everything but the kitchen sink at Steelers, hoping to stop Mustukovs' clean sheet.
But Jay Rosehill fanned on a close-in opportunity and Matt Beca pounded a shot off the Latvian's right shouder - the goalie then going on to produce two excellent glove saves.
Sheffield concentrated on closing down the neutral zone and taking shooters away from good areas.
But Mustukovs' steely determination was their major asset.
And the game was put completely beyond Storm when Dowd scored on the Power Play.
After the match coach Paul Thompson said he would be complaining to the League discipline administrators about an attack on Mark Matheson.
He said they were pleased with the result, but would not be getting "too high" about the sequence, with a lot of hockey left to play.
Thompson acknowledged the injury to Armstrong was a sickener, but said the club would be pressing ahead with its aim to bring in reinforcements to the forward line...something they'd had in mind before the injury.
Steelers are third in the table tonight after the victory.
RESULTS
Saturday 30th December
Elite League
Belfast Giants 4 Braehead Clan 2
Cardiff Devils 6 Milton Keynes Lightning 3
Fife Flyers 5 Guildford Flames 3
Nottingham Panthers 4 Coventry Blaze 3
Sheffield Steelers 3 Manchester Storm 0
FIXTURES
Sunday 31st December
Elite League
Braehead Clan v Dundee Stars - 2.00pm
Edinburgh Capitals v Fife Flyers - 4.00pm
Monday 1st January
Elite League
Coventry Blaze v Nottingham Panthers - 6.00pm
Manchester Storm v Sheffield Steelers - 5.30pm
Milton Keynes Lightning v Cardiff Devils - 6.00pm
Tuesday 2nd January
Elite League
Dundee Stars v Braehead Clan - 7.30pm
Guildford Flames v Edinburgh Capitals - 7.30pm
Wednesday 3rd January
Elite League
Fife Flyers v Manchester Storm - 7.00pm
Challenge Cup Quarter Final 2nd Leg
Nottingham Panthers (1) v Milton Keynes Lightning (2) - 7.30pmChkDsk Countdown Timer
If you run ChkDsk on several hard drives/partitions several of them may require a computer re-boot to complete successfully. When your computer re-boots you will be presented with a countdown timer before ChkDsk performs its magic. I believe the default time is set to 10 seconds. This gives you the opportunity to back out of the operation if you have changed your mind for some reason.
CHKDSK(short for “check disk”) is a command on computers running DOS, OS/2 and Microsoft Windows operating systems that displays the file system integrity status of hard disks and floppy disk and can fix logical file system errors — Wikipedia
10 seconds is no big deal if you have only a couple of drives/partitions to deal with. If you are anything like me you have several of them set up. Half a dozen drives will add up to 60 seconds of drumming your fingers waiting for each drive/partition to be processed. There is a simple way to shorten that time– here’s how…
Changing the Countdown Timer
A more reasonable wait-time might be 3 seconds instead of 10. This will still give you time to opt-out of the operation without making you wait 10 seconds for something you want to happen anyway. The choice is entirely up to you.
That should open a window similar to this:
- To see the current ChkDsk timer setting type: chkntfs /t and hit <Enter>
- To change the ChkDsk timer setting type: chkntfs /t:seconds where <seconds> equals the number of seconds delay.
Example: If you would like the delay to be 3 seconds then you would type this: chkntfs /t:3 and hit <Enter>
Note: When entering commands pay close attention to details. That includes spaces– the computer sees them as characters and they must not be ignored. Also, don’t forget to hit Enter/Return after each command or you will have a very long wait, indeed.
Results
From now on, when you run ChkDsk on a drive that requires a re-boot, the amount of time you must wait before it begins its work will be however many seconds you have set it for. This setting will apply to all the drives/partitions that require a re-boot.
When it comes to speeding up your computer, every little bit helps.
—
There are 4 commentsBy Dan Bindman
10 July 2017
McDaid: lawyers have a lot to offer hackathons
A hackathon has led to the creation by lawyers and technologists of a free mobile app aimed at helping the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy access support services and information.
Legal Hackers Scotland (LHS), assisted by Glasgow tech firm Add Jam, put the app together in seven days following the hackathon.
It is available to download to Android and iPhone devices and assists with locating the various types of support available – from voluntary organisations, charities, public bodies, and local businesses.
LHS said: “There is a real challenge in coordinating these resources, to ensure those who desperately need support are kept informed about the ongoing help available, and how to access it.
“There is a daily flood of information from various websites and social media channels, making it difficult to source relevant information about the relief available.”
LHS’s founder and organiser, legal academic Arlene McDaid, said: “We are keen to connect and collaborate with volunteer groups and also those in the legal community providing pro bono legal assistance, to explore and build tech solutions that will help optimise their efforts.”
The group, which ran a hackathon a year ago backed by the Law Society of Scotland, has planned a second Grenfell Tower support hackathon to run on the weekend of 22-23 July in Glasgow, with the aim of developing further tech solutions to assist with the response effort.
Ms McDaid, a commercial contracts tutor at the University of Glasgow’s law school, told Legal Futures: “Lawyers play a critical role in the development of legal tech solutions and their ability to problem solve and work under pressure means they have a lot to offer at hackathons.”
Among other supporters, the event will be sponsored by Glasgow commercial law firm Cloch Solicitors, which specialises in advising lawtech start-ups on IP and financing matters.
LHS said: “We have been in regular contact with a number of the heroic volunteers, who have been providing much needed daily support to those affected.
“Additional tech solutions would help them improve their operations on the ground by facilitating better communication and collaboration.
“We are exploring with the volunteers the types of solutions which may be most beneficial, and will share details of these with participants either before or at the start of the event.”
LHS has been running free programming workshops, which it said were designed “by lawyers for lawyers”, to encourage the legal profession in Scotland to participate in legal tech.Ont. doctors set their own hours, leave patients in the lurch
(Fotolia)
Related Stories
LONDON, Ont. -- Ontario family doctors have long set their own hours, but that might have to change if patients are to be better served, says a local doctor.
Dr. Scott McKay says many G ministry) be more prescriptive (about hours)? That is one of the big debates," said McKay. QMI Agency.
."
jonathan.sher@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @JSHERatLFPressSusan Booysen is a professor in the Wits School of Governance (WSG), University of the Witwatersrand. She is the author of The African National Congress and the Regeneration of Political Power (2011) and The ANC’s March on Mangaung (2012). She edited Local Elections in South Africa: Parties, people, politics (2012) and co-edited Compendium of Elections in Southern Africa, 1989-2009: 20 years of multiparty democracy (2009) with Denis Kadima.
Booysen is a political analyst and media commentator. She is a past president of the South African Association of Political Studies (SAAPS) and serves on the editorial board of the South African Journal of Political Studies, Politikon. She started her academic career at the University of Johannesburg in its ‘RAU days’, then moved to the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University and has been at Wits since 2005.
She holds a D.Litt. et Phil. from the University of Johannesburg. She obtained both her Masters and Honours degrees cum laude. She has held some major research fellowships, including a post-doctoral fellowship at the Southern African Research Program (SARP) at Yale University.
Besides her book publications, Booysen has published a wide range of refereed academic articles in national and international journals, chapters in books, and monographs. These publications focus on South and Southern Africa, with the specific focus on issues of politics, power and policy.[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Tough weekend for Westpoint Racing
19/4/2005 14:06 (Press Release) -
Steve Johnson had a horror day after being involved in incidents in both of today's 50 lap races. In the first race Johnson was sandwiched between several cars on the first lap causing damage to the front of his Westpoint Ford Falcon. The team replaced the front splitter and changed two damaged tyres. Starting from 13th, Johnson crossed the line several laps down, in 26th place.
In the final race, Johnson was again involved in a first lap incident, one which would force him to retire immediately. When
Anthony Tratt
spun in-front of him near the completion of the first lap, Johnson had no-where to go but directly into the Holden driver's car.
For
Glenn Seton
, the day was a little kinder. Avoiding the accidents in both races, Seton finished 12th in today's first race and 13th in the final, incident marred, race. When
Paul Dumbrell
,
Craig Baird
and
Cameron McConville
were involved in a massive main-straight accident, forcing a race re-start, Seton was determined to bring his Falcon home safely for strong points.
Following the weekend's racing, Seton has risen to 12th in the overall V8 Championship and Johnson is in 16th.
Driver Quotes
Steve Johnson
On Race Three.
"In race three
David Besnard
tried to go around the outside of Anthony Tratt to overtake. Tratty got into the side of him coming around the corner, managing to spin himself, and collected me. At the time I was on the inside line about to pass him.
"I couldn't get out of the car 'cause I was parked hard up against the pit lane wall trying to keep out of the way of the others so they could get into the pits. The brakes were gone and so was the suspension, all damaged in the accident. I couldn't actually drive the car any further."
On Race Two.
"In race two I got sandwiched between five cars and it damaged the front bumper. The corner of the splitter was rubbing the tyre, pretty much destroying it. It took a few laps to change. The boys had to do a bit of panel beating to line up the connecting bolts. In the end they strapped it all together and got me back out so that I wouldn't lose any more laps that than I already had.
"It's been one of those days of motor racing that I just want to forget about. To say that I'm disappointed is an understatement."
Glenn Seton
On the race stopping race three incident.
"It was quite an experience. I knocked a lot of speed off as I went through the dust on entry to the main straight. It was difficult to see where the cars were parked ahead of me, even though I was doing only 80 kays (per hour).
"I watched the incident go on and was trying to think where the cars might have finished up. I drove a line that I hoped would give me ample room to get through. It was a close call. Cam McConville nearly hit me up the backside, then he went down the gap and got collected by either Paul Dumbrell or Craig Baird. I was lucky."
On his weekend.
"Overall it's been an okay weekend. Obviously getting on the oil yesterday prevented a top ten, which was a real shame. We consistently got on with it during all three races and I'm reasonably happy with my driving. I stayed out of trouble and pushed as hard as I could and defended as good as I could.
"Out of this I am 12th overall in both the round and the Championship,
so I'm quite satisfied."
The next V8 Supercar round is in Perth on May 6-8.
Release Date: 17/04/2005
Westpoint Racing - DJR4/10/2015
A dozen or so owners, including the chairman of the board, Sven Holmgren, and several members of management of BIMobject AB, have given a declaration of intent on taking up warrants for series TO1 for subscribing to shares to a total of approximately 10,8 MSEK.
Subscribing to shares with the support of a warrant can take place until 15 April 2015, which must be done through a simultaneous payment by at latest 15.00 CEST. The last day for trading with a warrant is 13 April 2015.
For information on how to proceed in order to exercise your warrant, please see the press release published on 24 March 2015. You will find a link to this press release here.
If you have any questions about BIMobject's.This blog post is from a letter Sister Sudweeks sent her parents....
Parents!
I figured I’d answer all of the questions I failed to answer last week. Once again I had only twenty minutes but I wrote way more people. This time I actually wrote down what I wanted to talk about last night. I’ll get the hang of this whole email in an hour.
We have another set of sister missionaries in our district and more in our zone, but they don’t live with us. There’s only two in our apartment since Sister Freitas flew back to the Temple Square mission. Half of this entire mission is Sister Missionaries so it’s pretty cool.
My typical P-day is exercise, get ready, be at the library by 10 am (7 am your time), get groceries, clean the apartment, do our laundry, go on adventures like the aquarium and thrift store, and have appointments after 6 pm.
On Sundays, we get ready, have a 9 am Correlation meeting, 10 am church, teach investigators after church if they come, have lunch and then it varies from there.
We have district meetings once a week, and zone conferences once a transfer.
Sister Jarman and I check for packages in the morning because the apartment office is closed by the time we get home around 9 pm. So it was hilarious last week because we were talking about Christmas traditions and I was so sad about not making a candy train! Then lo and behold, that package arrived and I was giddy with joy! We made the candy trains for our last P-day while listening to David Archuleta’s Christmas CD. BEST P-Day EVER! Thank you so much! I love you a lot a lot!
Mom, to answer your question about how you can give out a Book of Mormon, I suggest you carry a copy of the Book of Mormon with you everywhere. Ask people if they've ever read it and if not, tell them about it and a little bit about the Restoration, and ask if they want to read it. "Do you like to read?" is a good break the ice question.
For Christmas I simply want family photos, inspirational missionary quotes, and snail mail letters. If anyone asks what I want for Christmas just tell them to help the missionaries in their area because I’m learning member involvement is SO important. (Also they can write me if they want.)
Thank you so much for all the encouragement and support you’ve given me this last month. I’ve come to the conclusion that serving a mission is one of the best decisions I’ve made. I know I’ve learned a lot and I know I’ll continue to learn and grow.
I love you and pray for you daily!
Love,
Sister SudweeksThe Super Bowl ended last night with a New York Giants Victory in the final few minutes. A Great game between two fine teams who played with emotion, skill and guts.
Now people of the United States it is time to get back to what I call the Stooper Bowl, the election season of 2012. The Republicans now have a front-runner beyond doubt in Willard Mitt Romney whom I call Moe. Moe is trying to clear up the problems with the other Stooges and remove them from his path to his destiny, he believes. Moe’s brothers are Curly- Gingrich, Shemp-Santorum and of course their age old partner Larry- Ron Paul. Like the Three Stooges from the old days they prank, poke and jolt and push Moe and he does it back. And it all looks so funny and nice for public consumption, everyone forgets, this is indeed a Presidential Election in 2012!.
Moe has won two states and has some delegates behind him now and is charging for a third me thinks or is it a fourth. Lets see he took New Hampshire, and lost Iowa, lost in South Carolina, won in Florida and now Nevada, ok so three. Yet the other stooges won’t drop out and back their brother Moe-Romney because he isn’t conservative enough, silly!.
A little advice for the remaining three Stooges may be in store!. One Curly-Gingrich/ Two-Shemp-Santorum/Three-Larry-Paul, the longer you stay in this race the worse you make the chance of your party winning in November. Second piece of advice to understand, money does not grow on trees boys, the money trees are about to get hit by a frost and deep freeze. If you can’t show a win that will propel you to the Nomination why would money back you? Wakey, Wakey boys, the facts are gonna bite you all in the ass!.
Mitt Romney-Moe in my opinion is out distancing his opponents the Stooges, because he looks presidential, he acts it and he has the money to do so.The real question is this though, can he overcome his inexperience and talk straight talk to the American people and can he out talk President Obama and get the facts straight? I doubt at this point if he can beat President Obama, the reasoning is simple, Obama is the Incumbant, his record will carry him through it and when you attack his record you will attack your own party not his. Republicans made the stalemate and log jam in Washington, not the Democrats. Wake up America, whether any of the Stooges, get the Nomination of their party, including our darling MOe-Mitt Romney, do any of them have a leg to stand on come November?Kill Shot
by: Hothead Games • 896.8K
All Android applications categories
by: Hothead Games • 896.8K
Published: 2014-10-02, by Manu Galvez..
That's probably the only catch worth to mention: it needs more variety of missions not to become repetitive. Regardless, 3D graphics are outstanding and cutscenes and effects ensures you get into the game's mood. Controls are responsive and accurate too.
In a nutshell, a title you must try if you are fan of the shooting genre.
Tags: kill shot , kill shot games free . hackapkandorg andmood
Oct 02, 2014 ().
2015 Hothead Games Inc., Hothead, and Kill Shot are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hothead Games Inc., all rights reserved.
from 896.813 reviews
Download Kill Shot
Free - 3.5 - 63M
Download the APK file to your computer. Once transfered to your mobile device, tap on it to install the app
Download APK
APK file Kill Shot
3.5
Share this app
Screenshots
Users comments for Kill Shot
by Josh Majors
Jan 13, 2018 | "Awesome"
Great game, easy way to spend time. Love to shoot.
by Robert Summers
Jan 13, 2018 | "Awesome"
Works great
by A Google user
Jan 13, 2018 | "Awesome"
This game Rocks
by A Google user
Jan 13, 2018 | "Good"
Cool
by Kimberly Bryant
Jan 13, 2018 | "Awesome"
It is So cool
by Ali baba
Jan 13, 2018 | "Awesome"
ThzThe following is a true story. The names have been changed to protect the guilty. — Bon Scott, “Ain’t No Fun Waiting Around To Be A Millionaire”
AC/DC has been my favorite band since I was a junior in high school. Before then, I had heard a few of their songs and, at the time, I was not that impressed. It sounded like a lot of noise to me, until I started playing guitar and attempted to form a band with my best friend Bill.
Now, I will tell you this. With the exception of Bill (who I hit it off with immediately), I hated most of the people who are now my closest friends when I met them. And so it was with AC/DC. Because once I started to figure out their songs, it became clear to me that they were a great blues-based rock band.
But that’s not what saved my life. No, it was a different aspect of the band. AC/DC is one of the only bands to survive the loss of their original singer (sorry, but Dave Evans really doesn’t count). You see, this singer was a guy named Bon Scott. The first AC/DC album I had heard was Back in Black, which I later learned was a tribute album to the aforementioned Bon, who had passed away after a night of drinking while the songs that appeared on that album were being written by the Young brothers.
The relevant thing to me and my friends at the time was the fact that Bon Scott choked to death on his own vomit. We vowed to never die that way, and as a result we made sure that we never fell asleep on our backs after a night of drinking.
And that is what saved my life. After a night of binge drinking, I got the drunkest I have ever been in my life. My buddy and I ordered a pizza, wolfed it down, and immediately passed out.
Upon waking the following afternoon, I was amazed that I was not in worse shape. As I raised my head, my eyes focused on the pile of pizza vomit that was on the floor next to the bed. And I realized how close I may have come to dying just like Bon did. I would like to tell you that I never drank again, but that would be a lie. But I never got that drunk again, and I never awoke to another pile of vomit by my bed.
Thank God for Rock and Roll.
Categories: Drugs are bad, Good News Everyone!, Hmm, Stupid PeopleIf you follow conservative talk radio, you have no doubt heard pundits place the blame for countless issues squarely on the shoulders of President Obama. In fairness, all presidents inherit challenges from their predecessors and unanticipated natural disasters can derail even the best laid plans. However, there are certain signature initiatives which illustrate their priorities and which form their Presidential legacy. When it comes to the redefinition of marriage, there is no doubt that the Obama Administration has played a major role in advancing same-sex marriage (SSM) while silencing those, who because of their faith or moral objections, hold a traditional view of marriage.
While in the Illinois Senate, State Senator Obama voted in favor of the Illinois Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Over the last several years, he has shifted from understanding the need to preserve religious freedom through legislation to actively opposing states which attempt to pass laws nearly identical to the one he voted for.
Here is a quick overview of President Obama’s evolution on the issue.
1996– Supported SSM as a Illinois state senate candidate
1998– Voted in favor of Illinois version of Religious Freedom Restoration Act as a State Senator
2004– Supported civil unions but stopped short of supporting SSM as US Senate candidate
2008– Did not support SSM in an interview with mega church pastor Rick Warren (Presidential candidate Obama stated that marriage was a “sacred union” between a man and a woman and that for him “God was in the mix”.)
May 2008– President Obama announced opposition to Proposition 8 (Prop 8 was California ballot measure that stated marriage was between one man and one woman. Voters approved the measure but it was eventually overturned by activist judges.)
February 2011– President Obama directed Attorney General Eric Holder and the DOJ to stop defending the Defense of Marriage Act (1996) (The law, commonly referred to as DOMA, stated that for the purposes of federal law and benefits (over 1,000 benefits) marriage was defined as a union between one man and one woman and that the individual states could determine their respective stance on the issue.)
April 2011– Speaker of the House John Boehner led efforts to defend DOMA in court (The Bipartisan Legislative Advisory Group (BLAG), which is a five member counsel composed of the five senior House leadership office holders, appointed former Solicitor General Paul Clement to represent the House. Later, Clement, who was fired from his prestigious law practice for his efforts, would defend the law before the Supreme Court in 2013.)
September 2011- The military’s “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy was struck down and gay service members were allowed to serve openly for the first time ( The process to certify that the military was ready for the ban to be overturned was a sham and the Joint Chiefs were under tremendous pressure to approve repeal. The Commandant of the Marine Corps had the strongest reservations about how the measure would affect troop readiness and unit cohesion but those concerns were swept aside.)
May 2012– He became the first sitting President to support SSM (Vice President Joe Biden got out ahead of him in a Meet the Press interview and Obama quickly followed suit.)
January 2013– President Obama became the first president to mention the gay community in an inaugural address
June 2013- The Supreme Court overturned a key part of DOMA in the Windsor decision which meant that the federal government would recognize SSM for the purpose of benefits but states were not required to recognize them (This ruling lead to an avalanche of lawsuits from couples who lived in states which did not recognize their marriage certificates from other states.)
February 10, 2015– David Axelrod, longtime Obama adviser and confidante, revealed in his memoir “Believer: My Years in Politics” that Obama had supported SSM prior to his first presidential run (Axelrod said he counseled him to hide his true feelings on the subject because it might hurt his get-out-the-vote efforts in the Black community especially among churchgoers. He said that Obama’s difficulty with hiding his true feelings on the issue was evidenced by his halting answers on the topic in interviews. President Obama disputed some of Axelrod’s recollection of events.)
June 26, 2015-The Supreme Court struck down the remaining state bans on SSM in the 5-4 decision, Obergefell v. Hodges (That evening, White House put out a congratulatory statement and lit the residence with rainbow-colored lighting.)
This timeline in no way covers all of the Obama Administration’s actions on this issue. When it comes to federal appointments, regulatory changes, and executive orders, no President has done more to advance the cause of SSM. A Newsweek magazine cover christened him “the first gay president” in a nod to his efforts. The Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s leading LGBTQ activist group, has a dedicated page on their website titled ” a complete overview of President Obama’s commitment to LGBT equality”. While the President has been an advocate for the LGBT community, he has only paid lip service to the cause of religious liberty.
In a statement after the Obergefell decision, President Obama said that he understood that some might have differing opinions on the ruling.
“Opposition in some cases has been based on sincere and deeply held beliefs. All of us who welcome today’s news should be mindful of that fact; recognize different viewpoints; revere our deep commitment to religious freedom.”
There has been a noticeable change in the President’s public statements over the last several years. The man, who once said that “Americans of goodwill continue to hold a wide range of views on this issue, has reversed his position and is now using the bully pulpit of the Oval Office to denigrate those who do not share his views. Although he once voted in favor of a religious freedom law, he now lectures North Carolina and Mississippi about their “mean-spirited” measures.
Even more troubling than his conflicting statements is his use of the Education and Justice Departments to prosecute those who hold a traditional view of marriage. This shift highlights the importance of the First Amendment Defense Act and the state level battles to enact Religious Freedom Restoration Acts (RFRA) which are vital to ensure that our first freedoms (speech, association, and religious exercise) are preserved for the next generation.pvc non slip decking material suppliers northern,composite wood decking ecological products,outdoor wood plastic composite decking board, . composite decking on steps,pvc fence and wood composite deck boards,flexural strength outdoor decking importers,. backyard pond/deck wow this is amazing
Have a question about installation, delivery or the safety of our non slip decking boards? You'll find the answer to those and many more questions in our useful FAQ.
Dino Grip Carborundum Filled Insert Strips are a premium product for creating a safe, anti-slip finish to rebated steps and decking. . DURABLE. Dino Grip Anti-Slip Decking Strips are manufactured from FRP (Fibre Reinforced Plastic)/ GRP (Glass-fibre Reinforced Plastic) to provide an extremely tough and durable product.
Slippery decking posts from our gardening forum. I have looked at some of these now and the pictures look like Step On Safety products. idea or replace the old decking with some quality non slip decking - I bought our non slip decking from Gripsure Anti Slip Decking who come highly recommended.
Dura Park Deck landscaped beach areas
BESTOMZ 5Mx15CM Anti Slip Tape Stickers for Stairs Decking Strips,Black TimberGrip Anti Slip Decking Strips are manufactured from Fibreglass (Glass Reinforced Plastic), with a durable and hard-wearing angular quartz grit resin bonded to the top surface. They are the best solution to slippery wooden steps so far.
Low Maintenance Decking materials including aluminum, vinyl, and composite products are the latest rage. The most common question we encounter on decks.com is; "What is the best composite decking material? As the material is extruded it is usually given a textured surface for slip resistance and appearance.
composite decking on steps,pvc fence and wood composite deck boards,flexural strength outdoor decking importers,. Cladco WPC Decking Boards in Charcoal Colour - were pvc non slip decking material suppliers northern,composite wood decking ecological products,outdoor wood plastic composite decking board,
Deckwright Anti-Slip Decking Insert Kit - B&Q for all your home and garden supplies and advice on all the latest DIY trends. using standard tools; Suitable for commercial and domestic locations; Ideal for steps, walkways or larger areas; Cartridge gun required to apply adhesive (not . Don't use a cheap plastic one. 2) Use
With its high-traction wood grain, Sanctuary composite decking offers enhanced slip resistance and rich multi-chromatic wood tones. Long-lasting and low-maintenance, backed by limited warranty against stains and fading. It's is the perfect blend of good looks, great performance, and easy-on-you maintenance.
Our range includes everything from anti-slip paints for use on wooden decking, metal steps, concrete, garages and factory floors, to low profile anti-slip strips that add a coarse slip The product has good drying characteristics, hence short down times and can be applied to most surfaces without major preparatory steps.
Step on Safety is a leading Anti Slip Flooring & GRP specialist. Products At Step on Safety, we offer premium-grade Anti Slip WPC Composite Decking made from a combination of recycled wood and polymer. Our RecoDe. At Step on Safety we manufacture the highest quality GRP Safety Handrails, designed for co.
Peripheral News:
- natural color wood grain wpc vinyl flooring
- double panel wood fence in uk
- moisture proof outdoor decking materials sale
- pergola shopping list suppliers uk
- outdoor wpc floor importer in australia
- strong fencing wood composite fencing panels
- decorative siding panels for buildings
- brown wood plastic fence panels
- eco friendly garden fencing uae
- cheapest style of wood fencing suppliers
- build an outdoor wooden box
- floor decoration materials in Korea
Fence Posts:
- outdoor flooring deck options in south africa
- free outdoor plans for curved bench
- outdoor bench with backrest plans
- customized kids fence in dubai
- grey solid deck plank
- fireproof plastic decking board distributors
- price of vinyl fence per ft installeds
- where to buy 38 in x 39 in white vinyl fence
- prices for geo deck end caps
- laminated wood arches for pation cover
- deck wood composite railing
- build a composite wood floor for plank road
Wall Panel:
- windproof fencing wholesale uk
- useful life for composite wood
- does mentor lumber carry fences
- plastic hundred board supplier
- plastic wood on the building
- outdoor waterproof building material
- adding to height of railings
- trinidad and tobago wood trees
- wood plastic composite window australia
- how to build an outdoor deck for a gazebo
- deck step tread designs
- sri lankan houses window frames
Boat Deck:
- how to build a tongue and groove fence
- composite wood gazebo in singapore
- balcony composite decking price singapore
- pvc composite decking material
- wood solid decking sale cheap
- fire riskd from external cladding
- pvc fencing vinyl fencing or railing
- composite outdoor deck flooring material
- wood plastic pool decking waterproof Oman
- winter panels for livestock trailers
- anti skip wood composite deck solutions
- white planks wall panel singaporeThe main supporters of a bid to make California an independent nation are ending their effort to get it on the ballot next year.
Louis Marinelli announced Monday that he's dropping the measure - and he plans to make Russia his home.
Marinelli posted a farewell statement on the organization's blog. In it, he said he plans to move to Russia because "I do not wish to live under the American flag. I do not wish to live under the American political system or within the American economic system."
He said he hopes to return someday to California one day if it ever becomes independent.
He also noted the movement's support grew rapidly after the November election of President Donald Trump, expanding from just a few supporters and volunteers to a mailing list of more than 110,000 and financial contributions from more than 1,200.
The measure's official author, Marcus Ruiz Evans, sent an email to the Secretary of State's office asking to cancel the initiative.
Evans says he's joining the California Freedom Coalition, saying he feels that organization can mobilize to make Calexit a reality.
POLITICS
More Politics
Top StoriesGoing Faster By Going Slower
The title of this blog doesn’t make sense. It seems to be a contradiction but let me explain. In the context of using your heart rate as a training tool, it was a critical element of getting faster.
Before I continue my story, let me give you some background. I began using a heart rate monitor for bicycling training back in 1992 and, believe it or not, I still have the same 20 year old Polar Pacer which still works quite well. I have had to buy several new transmitters but the receiver is the original. Back in 1992 this was a concept that was beginning to become popular for amateur bicycle racers including mediocre ones like me. The professional ranks in Europe were using this in the late 70’s or early 80’s but it became possible for the masses when the equipment became affordable. The idea which was helpful for me was the importance of taking days to rest and recuperate so that you could have faster “fast” days. What this means is essentially slow down if you want to go faster. On the slow days it is best to keep your heart rate at about 75% of your maximum heart rate which would be in the aerobic training zone and out of the anaerobic threshold which is roughly between 83% and 85%, depending on the individual. At the anaerobic threshold you begin to feel the “burn” of lactic acid in your muscles as you burn oxygen in your blood versus from the intake of your lungs.
My final race of any kind was in 1997 and I was past my prime then and had no appetite for finishing 10 minutes off the back after I had enjoyed the excitement of finishing at the front with the big boys. It was also after one too many wrecks and trips to the ER to get stitched up. As I gave up any thoughts of racing I still had the urge to go fast but gradually got busy with life and was not able to devote 12-14 hours per week on my bike. As I got older and slower I put away the transmitter for my heart rate monitor but always kept the receiver on the handlebar of my bike, like a reminder of my glory days (however minimal they were). By the mid 2000’s I probably used it a couple times a year and just for a curiosity to see how far I had fallen. My days of using the heart rate monitor were long gone.
Let’s fast forward to a few weeks ago when an interesting reunion took place. I was struggling this year to explain why I did not seem to be able to make much progress with increasing my speed despite riding very regularly. It finally hit me – time to get out the heart rate monitor and begin to add some discipline to my training. As I suspected, the problem I was having was too much “pedal to the metal” which was wearing me out. I was not taking training days to recover and rest so I could get better. I needed to slow down to go fast.
Over the past 3 weeks I have begun to get back into my old training regimen and have already noticed progress. I am going to add interval training to my weekly riding schedule this week to build some power now that I am adequately rested. I don’t anticipate getting anywhere close to my previous condition but I am sure I will notice significant improvement within 6 or 8 weeks – if not sooner. I will keep you posted.
Have a great week.TAMPA – The Yankees have their first camp casualties.
Right-handed reliever Brian Bruney is suffering from a back problem on the left side that could be rib cage related and right-hander Humberto Sanchez wasn’t able to throw batting practice yesterday due to tightness in his right forearm.
“It’s been pretty much there since my first bullpen [session],” Bruney said. “It’s kind of a rib cage thing. I don’t know what’s going on.”
Signed off his couch after Arizona released him, Bruney was a pleasant find for the Yankees last year when he was 1-1 with a 0.87 ERA in 19 games and earned a spot on the postseason roster. Asked if the problem was serious enough to shut him down, Bruney wasn’t sure.
“I don’t know yet,” said Bruney, who is slated to throw batting practice today.
If the 6-foot-3, 245-pound Bruney is shelved, the Yankees have options. Chris Britton, who came from the Orioles for Jaret Wright, has impressed Joe Torre in mound sessions. Britton, a 6-3, 275-pound right-hander, appeared in 52 games for Baltimore last season. Other options include lefties Ron Villone and Sean Henn and righties Jeff Karstens, T.J. Beam and Darrell Rasner.
“We have depth that we haven’t had in a while,” Torre said of his bullpen candidates.
Karstens and Rasner have starting experience. Sanchez, who pushes the radar guns to 96 mph, impressed Jason Giambi in batting practice Thursday but was scratched yesterday.
“[The concern with Sanchez is] muscular in the forearm,” Torre said of the 6-foot-6, 270-pound product of South Bronx High School, who came from Detroit in the Gary Sheffield deal. “He will throw [today].”
Sanchez, who said he was okay, doesn’t figure to make the team out of camp unless the rotation suffers a couple of injuries.
He is viewed as a pitcher who can start or relieve. While Sanchez is an imposing figure with a blistering fastball, he isn’t a stranger to injuries.
In 2004 he was on the minor league DL with a right knee problem. Three times in 2005 he was on the shelf with a rib cage and groin problems. Last year, a right elbow injury knocked him out.- Our Residents
- The Chimps
- The Monkeys
- Rescue Stories
- In Memoriam
- Interactive Map
- Get Involved
- The Issues
The Primate Rescue Center staff understand the grief felt following the killing of a gorilla at the Cincinnati Zoo and remain dedicated to safety in their own facility.
Eileen Dunnington, manager of the sanctuary located in Jessamine County, said the primate rescue recently held its annual member event on May 21 — just one week before the western lowland gorilla named Harambe was shot and killed at the Cincinnati Zoo. Unlike the zoo, the member event is the one day a year that adults and children from the public are allowed on sanctuary’s property. “For that event, there’s a lot of preparation work to build or to set up temporary barriers … in order to keep the public safe when they do come down here,” she said.
Sanctuary Manager Eileen Dunnington and a chimpanzee at the PRC. Image courtesy Mike Moore / Jessamine Journal
Dunnington said the event is only open to members — or those who donate to the rescue center and it’s the only time children under 18 are ever allowed on the property. In addition to setting up barriers for the event, volunteers are stationed all around to make sure no one leans over or tries to climb over the barriers. “Especially since we don’t have large groups (often), we are very cautious when any groups are down here, making sure that groups stick together or areas are monitored in a way that keeps everyone safe,” she said.
Because the rescue center is home to dangerous animals, Dunnington said they are limited for liability reasons. The rescue center occasionally hosts small, “strictly educational” tours of university students and they must donate to be able to visit. While the rescue center doesn’t deal with the public often, ensuring the safety of the workers — and the animals — is a daily reality. “Safety is our number one priority,” she said. “Not only for staff and any volunteers, interns and any visitors that might be on our property, but also for our animals. It’s sort of an all-encompassing idea, that you can only keep the people safe if you’re also keeping the animals safe.” Dunnington explained that central to the rescue center’s safety policy is the fact that it is a no-contact facility. “So, there is never an instance where an individual is inside an enclosure with any of our animals — at all, ever,” she said.
The rescue center is armed with protocols, procedures, training and mock drills, and equipment to prepare staff to handle any situation.
However, she explained, each safety situation is unique, as was seen at the Cincinnati Zoo, when a three-year-old child fell into a gorilla enclosure and the gorilla was shot and killed. “There are certainly numerous responses to safety concerns, but then also primates in general are unpredictable,” she said. So, each safety situation — whether it’s an escape or if they have something they’re not supposed to have — each situation is completely different. And you can only really prepare for your basic responses and then the details have to be sort of figured out on the fly.”
Dunnington said if an animal gets out for example, there’s no way to plan for what the animal will do — and the same animal could behave differently on a different day. “You don’t know where they’re going to go, how they’re going to behave — if they’re going to be scared, if they’re going to be curious, if they’re going to be aggressive. It just all sort of depends on that situation on that day at that time,” she said.
Following the incident May 28 and a loud public reaction on social media, Hamilton County Prosecutor Joseph T. Deters announced that no criminal charges would be filed against the child’s guardians.,” Deters said in a news release June 6. “I am very sorry about the loss of this gorilla but nothing about this situation rises to the level of a criminal charge.”
The zoo has stated that the enclosure has long passed inspections by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, but replaced the barrier the child climbed over with one that is 42 inches high. The zoo reopened the gorilla exhibit this week.
Transylvania University philosophy Professor Jack Furlong specializes in animal ethics. He said the Dangerous Animal Response Team that shot Harambe simply made a judgement call. The question of where the blame lies is more complex, but may go back to the agencies regulating the zoo and the zoo itself, which has a responsibility to keep both the animals and the humans safe.
Because they care for primates and monkeys at the rescue center for the rest of their lives, Dunnington said she and her staff are familiar with the feelings of loss. “We certainly would want to express our condolences to the caretakers and the staff at the Cincinnati Zoo, as well as to Harambe’s troupe, who I’m sure also are grieving for his loss,” she said.
Among the many people commenting on the incident in Cincinnati was legendary primatologist Jane Goodall, who wrote an email to zoo Director Thane Maynard. Goodall asked Maynard about the grieving of the 17-year-old gorilla’s troupe.
Dunnington said, though the rescue center doesn’t work with gorillas, she is familiar with the way chimpanzee social groups react to deaths. While humans can’t interpret what they’re thinking, but the animals will appear more solemn and less energetic. “They certainly respond in a different way than if they come across (another) just sleeping. They definitely know the difference and react differently.”
Harambe’s family group of eight are among the 10 critically endangered western lowland gorillas at the Cincinnati Zoo, according to a zoo news release.
At the rescue center, staff gives their animals time to grieve by putting the deceased animal where the others can see them, not in the same enclosure, and give them time alone with the body. Dunnington said in the wild the animals have been observed paying their respects by sitting with the body of a deceased troupe mate, or even touching or hitting the body. She said they it was something they saw with a recent death of a rescue center resident chimpanzee. “They definitely responded to that,” she said. “And each came over and sat with her and tried to touch her. They’re just as emotional as we are and they also live in family-like groups. Our 11 chimps have been together almost 20 years, so it’s certainly noticed when one of their members is missing or is not around any more.”Core Features:
Custom Permalinks
GD Knowledge Base Pro includes support for customization of the slugs that are used to make permalinks for the knowledge base content. But, that is not the only thing related to permalinks included with the plugin.
The plugin adds custom structures to the product post type pages and archives for all the content types. For instance, single product URL by default looks like this:
And, to get articles belonging to this product, URL is:
But, that is not the only thing added, this URL can be extended even further with the term to filter articles with:
As you can see, these new types of URL’s go beyond what WordPress has implemented by default, allowing you to get content for specific articles only. Depending on the context, the plugin will generate links in this format.
And, for the articles, user guides, reference or FAQ archives, you have basic URL like this:
To filter it by the taxonomy term, URL becomesThis is the second of three posts regarding Performance Contracting. The first post can be accessed by clicking here. Keep an eye out early next week for the last installment..
One of my favorite questions is: Are your contracts performance based?
And a follow-up question for those who indicate their contracts are performance based: Do you contract for outputs, or for results?.
You may have read our statement that:
“If you can think it clearly, you can write it clearly;
If you can write it clearly, then you can measure it;?.
If you want results for your customers, outputs alone will not get you there.
If you want results, contracts will need to include clearly stated and measurable results.
If you want results, you will have to monitor and inspect what you measure.
To contract for results, the organization doing the contracting will need to become very clear about three things:
- Who is the customer?
- What result are we trying to achieve for this customer?
- What service or outputs will deliver that result?
Watch for our third and final post in this series, coming soon: How to Contract for Results.
Read the first post in this series by clicking here.
Check out Weidner's recent webinar on Performance Contracting — you can download the presentation by clicking here and listen to the webinar audio by clicking here.
And don’t miss this column – “Performance Contracting: Turning Talk Into Action” – by our friends Katherine Barrett and Richard Greene for the IBM Center for the Business of Government.Jill
Jill was rescued from a high kill shelter in California. Jill was a very sick girl and in isolation. We could not tell what was going on with her one eye as it was hard to see over her matting. The day she was transported to her foster mom, she barely made it into emergency. She needed IV fluids for her dehydration, she was in pain due to her rotten mouth. She had not been able to eat due to her teeth. Jill only had one eye. Even before her foster mommy met Jill knew she would become one of the family. She was so frail in need of immediate care and love. After her stay at the hospital Jill felt so much better and was finally able to eat and rest without pain due to her meds. Within a few days she had her teeth removed, and was spayed. Each day she showed dramatic improvement. We were amazed of how well she was recovering and how she went from a limp, bony, weak, scared little girl of a mere two and a half pounds to a healthy, strong, happy, confident five pound family member! Jill was adopted by her foster family. She now is an active, thriving senior who portrays herself as a young girl. Her love for life and family is apparent in her smile and the love and excitement she shows us daily.
We love her dearly!
The Eshotsph.com website is somewhat wonky to navigate, so here is the link to the product Like I said in the video, It says that is also carrying them, although I could not find them on the site. Now then. As a dripper this is a very nice and reasonably priced re build able , in "TANK MODE" it leaves a little to be desired. It works well sometimes, and awful sometimes. The o-rings on the tanks portions are either too slide-y or too tight. I was using a 50/50 pg/vg blend with the mango. Maybe an all PG or 70% PG juice would work better in the Tank Mode. Very few issues with leaking, Like I said in the video occasionally I would get drip happy and fill the bottom cup to full with juice. But as long as your wicks are pushed down in there. You should be able to vape all the juice that you drip. Tight-ish but smooth draw in both modes, remember to always line up the air flow hole with the coils to get the best performance. Thanks so much for watching everyone! Via: Grimm Green's Youtube ChannelDr. James C. Denison
President, Center for Informed Faith, Dallas, TX
June 10, 2011
Anthony Weiner and the end of the world
Had you heard of Anthony Weiner two weeks ago? The New York congressman has been in the House of Representatives since 1999, but most of us didn’t know his name before the pictures he sent last month to at least six women made global headlines. Yesterday we learned that his wife is pregnant with their first child, and the story continues to grow.
Now we add him to the list of public figures in recent news for moral failures, alongside John Edwards, the former presidential candidate, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former California governor. And the list will go on.
What does moral failure have to do with Armageddon and the end of the world?
After surveying seven different ways in which conservative biblical scholars have approached the book of Revelation, one fact should be clear: no one knows exactly when or how Jesus will return to our planet. But we know that he will: “This same Jesus, who has been taken from you into heaven, will come back in the same way you have seen him go into heaven” (Acts 1:11). And we know that we must be ready when he returns. As Jonathan Edwards warned us, we should do nothing we would not want to be found doing when Jesus comes back.
In the meantime, three principles may be helpful as we close our series on the end times. One: interpretive approaches should not divide fellowship. We love to debate speculative issues like the age of the earth and the end of history. However, the Bible is a practical book. It was not written to tell us everything we would like to know, but everything we need to know. If I could prove to you that one of the eschatological theories we’ve discussed was right, how would that change your life this morning? We can agree on the practical essentials of the faith while disagreeing in speculative areas.
Two: we should interpret the Bible according to its intended meaning. I did my doctoral dissertation on biblical interpretation and have been teaching courses on the subject for more than 20 years. In each class I’ve emphasized the fact that the Bible with Jesus’ return, but we will all one day stand before his throne (2 Corinthians 5:10). And we have only today to be ready. “Tomorrow” is promised nowhere in God’s word.
So live every day as if it were your last, because one day you’ll be right. And remember this lesson illustrated by Rep. Weiner’s scandal: Sin will always take you further than you wanted to go, keep you longer than you wanted to stay, and cost you more than you wanted to pay. Always.App Development Made Easy – Wingman Dating App
We all love our bestie no matter how much we mock each other for fun. Friends are in fact the second home to anyone who loves to share their feeling to close friends. We even tend to share crazy things with friends which we sometimes do not discuss with parents. An average person does the work that has been designed and gets rest. In a scenario the average person comes across a problem, he or she might reach out to their superior without trying to solve them by themselves.
But a legendary performer look into the issues, takes over the responsibility and figures out to analyze the problem in many ways and works on to solve by himself or at least curious to figure out initial ways to make things easier for the superior. Likewise in our daily relationship, we tend to face issues choosing the perfect date. Lucky are those who set them in the right path after a bad breakup and looking for positives. Here is an app that’s called Wingman which lets you to help your buddies find a perfect date.
You create a profile and look for matches for your friend and if the match responds back with an interest then you can let your friend to connect and work it out. If the match you selected ignores it then there are no issues, as just you are aware of it unless you let your friend know about the rejection. Your buddy will not find or feed badly about any rejections as you are doing the smart work.
The founder of the app was in a similar situation, went through a break up and surprising her friends given a hand to get back on track by finding a suitable match for her. This inspired her to create Wingman dating app to connect people by reducing most of their embarrassment in their life. Cool, isn’t it?? Why are you waiting still, just create an account in Wingman and lay a pleasant ground for your bestie to get a perfect date. With the current trends and technologies the possibilities are endless to one wish to do things with at most discipline.
You do not really need to be a developer to create an application which showcases your interests. What it requires is a unique idea which focuses on solving a common problem faced by millions in the world. Then with the help of android development tools online, you can build application of its kind without any programming skills. So just figure common problems we human face in the world and concentrate on one which you think is the top most priority, providing a solution will impact millions around the world in a positive way.
Indian Solar Companies are eying to diversify their business into energy storage space
At the end of last fiscal year 2016-17India crossed 12.2 GW of cumulative solar installations and still a way to go toachieve the ambitious target of 100 GW by 2022.Recently Honourable Minister of New and Renewable energy Shri Piyush Goyal said that India has plans to add 5 GW of rooftop solar and 10 GW from large scale solar power projects in the current fiscal year.
To achieve the overall 100 GW of solar target, grid stability will be the major challenges for the Indian grid operators. Apart from grid level issues, solar ramping and smoothing of output will create challenges to the plant owner. For islands like Andaman, which are currently dependent on diesel generators as primary source of electricity and government have the plan to add 100 MW solar to the Island, might face the issue of power balancing and solar variability. Solar generation is inherently intermittent and supply may create very large instantaneous ramps. The problem will be accentuated in islands, where currently diesel generators are used for providing base load as well as balancing service.
Solar power looks great when the sun shines, but stops at sunset. The operating hours are limited to thedaytime, when the load is low for consumers.Due to which conventional thermal generators have to remain idle during the day. But when power demand soars to its morning and evening peak, solar production is almost negligible. This creates a higher ramp in the morning and evening for the grid.A similar situation has beenforecasted for California for 2020 and it’s popularly known as California Duck curve.But for India the situation might beserious than California. As per POSOCO (POWER SYSTEM OPERATION CORPORATION LIMITED) analysis, IESA predicted that Indian load curve in 2022 could be a camel curve.The situation will be worse with the electric vehicle charging behaviour (evening and morning charging pattern). India has a target of 5-6 million of electric vehicles to run on the road by 2020. Through FAME-India Scheme under NEMMP (National Electric Mobility Mission Plan), the Government provides subsidies to manufacturers of electric vehicles.Instead of Camel Load Curve, India might see a Giraffe Load Curve in the future..
Apart from grid connected large scale solar, solar installed in off-grid and microgrid system required energy storage (Battery) as an essential part of the full system. For shifting of solar and to provide energy at non-generating hours, batteries are used across the globe and also in rural parts of India, where, energy access is an issue.
India Energy storage Alliance (IESA), the leading energy storage alliance in India works with various stakeholders in India to promote energy storage technologies and applications since 2012. IESA worked with various ministries like, MNRE, MoP and government bodies like CEA, CERC, BIS to create a robust energy storage ecosystem in India. IESA is the part of “MNRE standing committee on Energy storage & Hybrids Solutions” since 2014 and IESA also helped USAID to create and release a draft “National Energy storage Roadmap” for India in 2015. In 2016, IESA was part of the committee created by MoP and chaired by CEA to create a report on “Large Scale Integration of Renewable Energy & Deviation Settlement Mechanism”. Last month IESA organised a stakeholder consultation in association with FICCI on CERC Staff paper on “Introduction on Electricity Storage in India”. Recently IESA has also initiated the work with BIS on energy Storage standards for India. Last year IESA launched 3 focused working groups on Policy, Technology and Finance. Through quarterly Working group meetings, IESA team and its members try to address business challenges related to government policies and technology due-diligence and financing & funding options.
India already floated 46 MW + large scale energy storage projects last years and expecting 100 MW + projects for this year.Six Solar plus energy storage project by SECI (Solar Energy Corporation of India) was floated last year for Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. In 2017, CEL also floated and completed the tendering process for a 1 MW of energy storage project for solar. Recently BHEL also completed the call for EOI (Expression of Interest) for Li-Ion technologies for a few pilot projects. The Government is planning to float a tender to set up Solar Photovoltaic (SPV) power plants with energy storage in two sites of Andaman and Nicobar Islands to replace 47 MW of diesel-run generation capacity. These two power plants have energy storage (battery) of 25 MW capacity. In April 2017, Indian home minister Shri energy storage is tendered separately. Rajasthan Electronics &Instruments Ltd. (REIL) and Indian Oil Corporation is also assigned to undertake Pilot projects on solar integrated energy storage project by MNRE, Govt. of India.
Apart from government bodies, this year we are expecting few large scale projects from Industries and Commercial establishments (Malls, Hotels, Hospitals, IT Offices, and resorts etc.) for solar integrated energy storage projects for captive consumptions. As a leading alliance in the energy storage sector, IESAis getting queries from various Industries to set up solar plus battery plants from KW to MW capacities. says his group will consider setting up a joint venture for making batteries in the longer term in India in an interview at the WEF in Davos.In a recent interview Mr..
Apart from manufacturing there is a huge opportunity lies in the other segments of the business value chain. To make the ecosystem complete for large scale energy storage projects, there are huge opportunities to be a project developer, integrator, power electronics manufacturer or O&M contractor.
Many solar companies have already taken their first step in this regard and many of them are still evaluating the space. Currently IESA has over 60+ companies as part of the alliance including technology manufacturers (Lead Acid, Adv. Lead Acid, Li-Ion, Flow Batteries, Sodium basedbatteries, alkaline batteries and thermal storage, ultra capacitors), power electronics (Inverters, BMs, PCS) providers, engineering firms & integrators, electric vehicle companies, renewable companies, microgrid developers, PSUs, academic & research institutions and testing & certification companies. Currently IESA has various renewable companies like Vikram solar, Hero Future Energies, First Solar, Juwi Renewables, Sun Clean, SolaireDirect, L&T, ACME, Prayas, Om Sai Renewable, Continuum Energy, Relyon Solar, Grass Root Energy, Gram Oorja, and others as part of the alliance. Through IESA many of these companies are eyeing to enter energy storage ecosystem to get an early mover advantage.
Recently IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, has picked up an equity stake in Hero Future Energies, the renewable energy arm of the Hero Group. Mr. Sunil Jain, chief executive officer, Hero Future Energies said: “This partnership will fuel our ambitions to tap into the incredible opportunity that lies in both domestic and overseas markets as well as new technologies namely storage, hybrid projects among others.”“Solar generation along with storage makes good sense for setting up charging stations along the highways. Due to integration happening with EVs where storage is required, solar can be an ideal solution for the EV ecosystem. Amplus is developing a battery storage system which can be used for EVs,” said Sanjeev Aggarwal, managing director and chief executive of Amplus Energy Solutions Pvt Ltd. Similarly, other companies are in continuous talk with IESA to expand their business vertical in energy storage space.
Last week, IESA organised “Energy storage for solar applications in India” webinar for its members to enter Indian energy storage space. Many Indian and Global solar players attended the webinar and shown their interest in the Indian market. As part of various initiatives taken by IESA, IESA launched an India toll free Number (India Energy Storage Hot Line: 1800-123-3519) to help queries on battery applications, technologies andbusiness. At IESA’s last annual conference “Energy Storage India”, Hon’ble Railway Minister Shri Suresh Prabhu said “Renewable Energy integration with storage will be part of the wider picture in realizing India’s commitments towards climate change mitigation in its INDC”.
IESA’s vision is to make India a global leader in energy storage & microgrid technology adoption and hub for manufacturing of these emerging technologies by 2020. IESA’s mission is to make energy. Visit IESA
Author:
Mr. Debi Prasad Dash
Director- India Energy Storage Alliance (IESA), Customized Energy Solutions
Mob-9699719818, Email: ddash@ces-ltd.com
Debi Prasad Dash is currently working the Director, India Energy Storage Alliance (IESA) at Customized Energy Solutions. He has been involved in techno-commercial feasibility, financial modelling & analysis and consulting in emerging technology areas like energy storage, renewable integration, smart grid and microgrids. He is involved in policy recommendations for the energy storage roadmap for India, manufacturing policy for advanced energy storage technologies and development of ancillary markets in India. Debi has over 7 years of industry experience and worked with over 100+ clients in various capacities. Debi is a part of other industry associations like IEEE, IEEE-Smart Grid Working Community, PES, SESI, IGEF (Sub Group 4).Care Agencies for sale in Isle of Man
Browse the listings below and refine your search to help you buy Care Agencies for sale in Isle of Man. Alternatively, set up email alerts and/or start a new search. Daltonsbusiness.com is the UK’s largest online marketplace of businesses and franchises for sale.
Refine your Search
Showing 1 - 1 of 1
Isle Of Man - Domiciliary Care Franchise
Franchise Area For The Whole Of The Isle Of Man Fee Income Year Ending 2016 Projected To Be £360,000 EBITDA Year Ending 2016 Projected To Be £100,000 Currently Run Under Management Operating With 22-25 Caregivers This business is a...
Location: Isle of Man, Isle of Man
Search categories: Care Agencies, Care Franchise Resales, Care Franchises
- L/H Price £150,000
- Annual T/O £350,000 Buddhist Trinity, namely, Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha. In his role as a monarch-missionary he did everything possible to advance the cause of Buddhism. According to tradition, it was Sannyasi Upagupta who converted Asoka, and worked as his spiritual guide, and accompanied the Emperor on pilgrimage to Buddhist holy places.
Asoka, however, did not desire to impose his personal religion on his subject population in India. Instead, he propagated a universal religion, acceptable to the people of all creeds and faiths. In his Edicts he inscribed the substance of this universal religion for the knowledge of the masses. This religion or Dharma was not Buddhism. It had no dogma or rigid doctrines. It was like a code of morals, containing the essence of all religions. It was, in fact, like a lesson in ethics, virtues and morality. The purpose of this religion was the elevation of mankind to a higher level of existence.
It is seen, therefore, that his inscriptions do not contain the Buddhist doctrines of Arya Satya. Noble Eightfold Path or Nirvana, It contained instead the laws of eternal and universal goodness. He preached: “Obedience must be rendered to mother and father, likewise to elders; kindness must be shown towards animals, truth must be spoken, these some moral virtues must be practised. In the same way the pupil must show reverence to the master, and one must behave in a suitable manner towards relatives”. Asoka says in his Pillar Edicts:”Happiness in this world and in the other world is difficult to secure without great love of morality, careful examination, great obedience, and great fear of sin”.
He perched the value of the virtues of life, such as, Daya or kindness, Satyam or truthfulness, Saucham or the inner and outer purity, Sadhuta or saintliness, Samyama or control of senses, Bhauasuddhi or purity of heart, and Samacharanam or equal treatment to all. Asoka himself practised equal treatment to all sects, religions, castes and communities that lived in his Vast empire and worked for the common good of all people. His tolerance towards the Brahmanic faith even when he was a staunch Buddhist is proved by the fact that he was a believer in gods, calling himself as the Beloved of the Gods (Devanam-priya). His respect for Brahmanas and Sramanas and for all ascetics is known from his Edicts.
Asoka’s universal Dharma aimed at spiritualising human character. He instructed, therefore, to give up violence, anger, cruelty, pride anti envy, and to develop gentleness. He did not give importance to outer ceremonies. Punya came from correct conduct. The moral values, not the material, were the true rewards of life. Thus that Asoka thought of and preached a common Dharma or Law for all men. His was a new message acceptable to all. He thus ranks, says Professor Radha Kumud Mookerji, “as the founder or the father of Universal Religion”.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Regarding Asoka as a Buddhist, he decided to preach Buddhism as a missionary. But, he did it not with any sectarian zeal. He preached Buddhism as a code of ethics for the moral elevation of his subject population, of the officers of the state, and also of the people of the neighbouring countries. It was like a spiritual mission on part of a king.
Asoka adopted several measures as a missionary of which the following are noteworthy. These measures resulted both in the spread of Buddhism as a religion, and in the spread of the universal Dharma among the people in general. It should be remembered that the Teachings of Buddha and many doctrines of Buddhism, except its formal aspects, pointed to morality, ethics and virtues of a universal character, meant for all men.
Dharma-Yatra:
In the past, the kings in their customary way used to go out on pleasure-tours or Vihar-Yatra. Those were mainly meant for hunting animals, sports and games. Asoka gave up this practice. Instead of Vihara-Yataras, he undertook Dharma-Yatra to preach and propagate Dharma. The monarch- missionary travelled to many corners of his empire with Buddhist monks and Bhikshus in this remarkable new campaign.
He visited Bodh-Gaya where Buddha got his Enlightenment. He went to the Lumbini Garden where Buddha was born. He travelled to other holy places, associated with the life of Buddha. Wherever the royal preacher went, he attracted people, and instructed them to follow the Dharma.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Asoka’s Dharma-Yatra yielded three main results. The holy places of Buddhism received greater attention and special veneration from the people at large. Secondly; the spiritual discourses which followed such visits drew numberless men towards the religion of Buddha. And, thirdly, the Buddhist Sangha at all those places received a new vigour for more enthusiastic activities.
Dharma-Stambhas:
A much more permanent and effective measure than the religious tours was the erection of the Dharma-Stambhas or the pillar of religious sayings. With unlimited resources at disposal Asoka undertook the construction of such pillars at different places of his empire.
The noble principles of virtuous conduct and moral living were engraved on imperishable stones to exist for generations and centuries. Those writings on the pillar were the Dharma Lipis or sacred letters depicting the essence of the universal law. The Dharma Stambhas stood like a source of instruction to countless men who saw and read them. Containing the lessons for a truly pious life, those pillars left their deep impact on people’s mind.
Dharma-Mahamatras:
Asoka appointed a set of officers known as the Dharma Mahamatras for propagation and promotion of Dharma among the common people. These officials were like the educators of the subjects and like their guides for their moral and material well-being. In the length and breadth of the Maurya Empire, there lived people of many faiths and many sects.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Asoka wanted them to live together in peace and happiness and practice their faiths rightly. The Dharma Mahamatras were instructed to look to that work, and to regulate good relations among different people while keeping them all on right lines. These officers were also required to discharge charitable and philanthropic duties, and to carry a spiritual consciousness to the mind of men.
Dharma-Shravana:
It was the intense desire of Asoka that his subjects should hear and know the actual meaning of Dharma. For this he ordered the royal officers, such as, the Rajukas, Pradesikas and the Dharmayuktas to go out on tour every five years to preach religious doctrines among the people.
These instructions were of moral and ethical nature for leading a nobler life. When the higher officers of the state moved about teaching Dharma, people in large number felt attracted to it. It had a deep influence on people’s mind. Asoka was thus not only a missionary himself but also he turned his officers into missionaries for the cause of universal Dharma.
Dharma-Ghosha:
The earlier kings showed their power and terrified other people on their frontiers by the Bheri Ghosha or the ‘Rever beration of the War Drum’. It was like a threat of invasion or war, and of conquest by force of arms. Asoka gave up this customary practice of the stronger kings. Instead, he adopted the practice of Dharma-Ghosha or the ‘Reverberation of the Dharma or Law’. The aim of this new policy was to conquer others by the force of love.
Inside Asoka’s Empire there were many turbulent tribes who lived in dense forests and were afraid of no power. Such people also lived on the outskirts of the empire. Outside the frontiers of the empire there were hostile peoples as well. Towards such people, both internal and external, Asoka adopted the policy of peace. He wanted to convert them to his new universal religion for a non-violent and peaceful existence.
He sent Buddhist monks to preach among those people the gospels of Dharma. His Dharma-Ghosha announced the policy of peace towards all. He called upon the forest dwellers as well as the outside elements not to expect any show of force from him, while asking them to come nearer to the Dharma. Asoka’s Dharma-Ghosha was indeed a new and novel experiment in political history.
Dharma-Vijaya:
For monarchs everywhere, conquest by war was a necessary virtue. The powerful kings knew no limit to their ambition for conquests. They wanted to extend the frontiers of their territory as far as possible. In ancient India, the Dig-Vijaya was regarded as the kingly duty of any powerful king.
Asoka, in his new role after the Kalinga War, gave up the policy of Dig-Vijaya. He adopted in its place the principle of Dharma-Vijaya. It was an ambitious mission on his part to extend his conquest by Dharma to far-away lands across countries and continents.
Asoka sent his ambassadors of peace or Dharma-Dutas to the courts of his contemporary kings who ruled in the Western Hemisphere. The success of his mission pleased the Emperor so much that he proudly proclaimed his achievement in his Thirteenth Rock Edict in the following words:
“The Beloved of the Gods considers victory by Dharma to be the best victory. Moreover, the Beloved of the Gods has obtained such victory in all outlying states to a distance of six hundred yojanas where reigns the Yavana (Greek) King named Antiyoka (Antiochus) and beyond the realm of that Antiyoka in the lands of the four kings named Turamaya (Ptolemy), Antikini (Antigonus), Maga (Magas) and Alikasundara (Alexander), and in the south over the lands of the Cholas and Pandyas as far as Tamraparni (Ceylon). While satisfied with his success abroad, Asoka also felt proud to see the effect of his Dharma-Vijaya inside the country.
As he says:
“Likewise, here in the imperial territories among the Yonas (Greeks), Kombojas, Nabhakas and Nabhapamits, among the Bhojas and Pitinikas, Andhras and Paradas, everywhere people follow the inculcation of Dharma of the Beloved of the Gods. Even in those lands where the envoys of the Beloved of the Gods have not paid visit people hearing of the account of Dharma, the precepts and inculcation of Dharma of the Beloved of the Gods act according to Dharma and would continue to do that”.
Asoka’s Dharma Vijaya thus, was a unique exercise for the spread of morals inside and outside. His peace missions to West Asia and the Greek main lands no doubt carried the Influence of Indian thoughts about universal peace, piety, non-violence, and human brotherhood to the Western mind. No monarch of ancient world could have thought of such a cultural conquest by contact. It is obvious that the first lessons of Buddhist philosophy entered into Western Asia and beyond through Asoka’s ambassadors of peace.
Spread of Buddhism Outside:
While the above noted activities of Asoka awakened a new spiritual consciousness among the Indian people, and also outside, Asoka played a more direct role in the spread of Buddhism outside the geographical frontiers of India. The conversion of the people of Sri Lanka or Ceylon to Buddhism was due to Asoka’s remarkable missionary zeal. No monarch could have done what Asoka did in that respect. He sent his own son Mahendra and daughter Sanghamitra to that island- kingdom to preach Buddhism. Describing the event of Sanghamitra’s journey to Ceylon as mentioned in the Ceylonese Chronicles, the historian W.A. De Silva writes the following in his ‘History of Buddhism in Ceylon’:
“Emperor Asoka decided on sending a token of the Great and Enlightened One (Buddha) to the land of Lanka and prepared a branch of the Bodhi Tree under which the Lord attained Enlightenment. He planted the branch in a golden vessel and when it had taken root, conveyed it to the ship, himself carrying the branch of the tree on his head and deposited within the ship….Princess Sanghamitra and her attendants embarked on the same ship….. The ship sailded from Tamralipti and arrived at the port of Lanka in seven days”.
Being the richest emperor of the world at that time, Asoka sent his daughter as a bhikshuni to Ceylon where she preached Buddhism for many years till her death. An entire country outside India thus embraced the religion of Buddha.
It is known form the Ceylonese Chronicles, Mahavamsa and Dipavamsa, that Asoka sent his missionaries to preach Buddhism in Suvarnabhumbi or Lower Burma. The names of those two preachers were Sona and Uttara. It was through Lower Myanmar that Buddhism made its way to South-East Asian countries which in course of time embraced that religion.
The Tibetan traditions uphold a theory that Asoka himself visited Khotan. But there are no evidences to establish the truth of the story. According to Buddhist traditions, Asoka’s monk-missionary named Maharakshita visited the Yavana or Greek countries for perching Buddhism.
Thus that from Asoka’s time, Buddhism entered into its future role as a mightily world religious movement.
Asoka held the Third Buddhist Council at Pataliputra. Moggaliputta Tissa presided over it. It was decided in the Council to send Buddhist Missions to various part of India, such as, Kashmir and Gandhara, Himalayan lands, Maharashtra, Mahishmandala (Mysore) and Vanavasi (North Kanara) and to outside countries, such as, Yavana or Greek country, Suvarnabhumi and Lanka. Names of some of the leaders of the missions have survived till now.
The role of Asoka as the missionary of a universal law as well as of Buddhism had no parallel in history. While his political empire had long disappeared into the darkness of the past, his religious domain remains as bright as ever, having enshrined his memory in human mind as the beloved of men.
VGMaps
General Boards => Maps Of The Month => Topic started by: JonLeung on December 31, 2010, 10:58:36 PM
Title:
2011/01: Kick Master (NES) - sprays
Post by:
JonLeung
on
December 31, 2010, 10:58:36 PM
()
Kick Master
().
|
SMF © 2013, Simple MachinesSue Larson, at the table in black at left, teaches kindergarten students a math game with dice and coins that introduces place value at Lake Valley Elementary School in December. Kindergarten and first-grade teachers from district schools watch and learn how to teach inductive math activities through Larson’s workshops.<br> Trib Photo/Sue Tone
Kindergartners counted dice to earn pennies, traded 10 pennies for a dime, then 10 dimes for a dollar. They didn't know this fun game with money was teaching them an important math concept about place value.
Humboldt Unified School District provides its teachers with professional development - such as Sue Larson's math training - during early release Wednesdays, which in turn benefit students.
Larson, senior lecturer with the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College at Arizona State University, is working with HUSD elementary and middle school teachers to provide them with hands-on activities that teach inductive math skills.
HUSD Educational Services Director Diana Green said Larson's first training day with the district in November was so successful, she asked Larson to return in December and again in February.
At the December training session, Larson met with the district's kindergarten and first grade teachers at Lake Valley Elementary School. After a review of her previous session, she introduced a new game called Race for a Dollar. With teachers looking on, she taught a small group of students in Jeanne Bombest's afternoon kindergarten class how to play the game.
"I'll show you how to play this game, then the teachers will play with you," she told the youngsters, first making sure the students knew which coins were pennies and which were dimes.
The teachers observed Larson, then worked with small groups of students, and met afterwards to go over the learning process - theirs and the kindergartners.
Math games, classroom activities and ideas spill out of Larson into a receptive audience of new and more experienced teachers. For instance, she tells them how she sends a Math Mission book home with young students asking them to keep track of how they use math at home. Students return the next day and say, "I got up at 6:30, and 6:30 is a time. 6:30 is math." Or "I set the table for five people. I had five plates and five glasses. That makes 10 things."
Tammy Grauberger, teacher at Humboldt Elementary School, said Larson's methods are "more child curiosity centered," rather than teachers telling, telling, telling.
"Now, we ask them, 'How did you arrive at the answer?' Telling has no meaning. Telling them doesn't work. You don't see the understanding going on," Grauberger said.
Or as Larson puts it, "You become that guy by the side, rather than the sage on the stage."
"Ask your students, 'How do you know that? Why is it so?' instead of 'What' questions, which use low level thinking skills," the trainer said.
Larson taught math to upper elementary and middle school students for 21 years in Massachusetts. She helped Liberty Elementary School District in Phoenix create and compile more than 2,000 lessons for K-8 students based on the National Core Standards for Mathematics. Currently, she works with ASU education students, and presents workshops for teachers on classroom management, and math strategies and games.
"We've never had this much professional development before," Green said. "Every Wednesday teachers are learning new things."
Early release on Wednesdays - new this year to the elementary grades - gives teachers and principals opportunities to work on all kinds of things, including school goals, new common core standards, writing strategies, cooperative learning initiatives, and sharing strategies from the high school AVID program (Advancement Via Individual Determination) with middle school teachers.
Teachers at each grade level from all schools also get together to go over assessment test results and look at strengths and weaknesses in their own classroom. Then they share what's working and not working, and how to improve their teaching.
Green said teachers in Larson's math workshops were so thrilled with Larson's information that Larson has provided the district with all the information on thumb drives. If teachers want to work on lessons at home, as Larson does, they are welcome to put the information on their personal laptops, Larson told them on a return trip Feb. 1 at Liberty Traditional School.
"You would think we were giving them gold," Green said.
Kindergarten teacher Elizabeth Williams at Granville Elementary School enlisted the help of fifth-grade students to help monitor her younger students' learning the new math activities, Green said.
"At that age, the kindergarteners usually dive right in. They haven't developed math phobia," she said. "Hopefully, with inductive math and teachers like Sue Larson, we can eradicate math phobia."
SUBMIT FEEDBACKI'm drooling all over my keyboard.
I wish a muffin would stay fresh forever.
If they did, I could send them all over the world, wrapped in the cutest boxes with ribbon and tags.
And they would smell like an edible heaven to all postmen carrying them.
And they'd have to resist eating them.
And when opened they would be like fresh from the oven, full of crunch, frosting, stars and hearts.
And they would be filled with so much love, it would knock you over.
mmmmmm! Those are gorgeous! Maybe you can't actually wrap them up and send them all over the world, but no one would complain if you shared the recipe. Or I can just start licking my computer screen. (or not) =) lol!
Genüüüdlich! Muffinsene ser bare ENDA bedre ut med så fin design.
Jammenmeg er du begavet :)
Mmmmm!! Im inviting myself to a muffinparty! With muffins in all shapes, sizes and with all kinds of taste. Bluberry, raspberry, choclate, mint-choclate, strawberry, strawberry-coclate.... all kinds of sugar frosted goodness you can think of.
Jeg foreslår at vi tar en eller annen fest på Fredheim hvor kakebordet består av muffins! KUN muffins! I alle farger og variasjoner og smak og pynt og papirformer med farger og mønster og .... Det hadde vært kult!
Tipper Mette roper (eller ihvertfall tenker...) noe sånt som AMEN nå.. :)
ok muffins er godt.
men
det designet var fantastisk!
Helt enig med Linda her, det designet var fantastisk! Og hele innlegget bare oser over av kjærlighet, helt nydelig :)
Bare å vite at du ville sendt meg en sånn muffinspakke holder for meg :) MEN de så ufattelig gode ut, da!
Denne var sinnsykt kul metten. (:
sweet post :)
ÅÅÅÅWWWHHH... :)
Beth, JEG ER MED PÅ DEN! ;D Genial idé. ;)
takk for alle hyggelige kommentarer!
Yum! Can you send me some! Those look delicious. I have to tell you that I was given the name from my dad. It's not my real name, is it your real name?
Apparently, when I was born it looked like I had two muffins in my cheeks. And that's how I got the name...
How did you get your name?
Love this little illustration. Did you draw the adorable flower in the middle?
I love this! My mouth is watering :)log in to manage your profile and account
- Create your account
- Receive up-to-date newsletters
- Set up text alerts
Published: Friday, November 03, 2017 @ 1:54 PM
— Sometimes you just need to get away, but a vacation can often be a big strain on your budget.
In fact, about 74 percent of Americans have gone into debt while planning a vacation.
RELATED: 5 surefire ways to get to retire earlier than you thought
The following seven tips will help you save money and avoid facing debt when you get back from your trip:
Look for a price-drop guarantee
If you've made a reservation for a flight or hotel online, it can be frustrating to later watch its price drop. But some sites, including Orbitz, offer a price guarantee. Some will refund the difference in vouchers for future travel, but Orbitz will issue a cash return.
Check for deals on attractions
Sites like Groupon and CityPASS can help cut the price of popular attractions if you're visiting a major city. Groupon offers deals on individual attractions (or even trips) and CityPass groups tickets for several iconic spots in the same city into one deal.
Ask for better rates
When you book a hotel, Consumer Reports recommends bargaining for better rates. Few people actually do this, but for those that give it a try, 78 percent of those surveyed scored a lower rate or an upgrade. Give the hotel a call before you leave or when you're on the road, since customers had better luck by phone than in person.
Be flexible
If you're flying, Investopedia says that being flexible can help you save money. The cheapest travel day is Wednesday, and you'll also save by avoiding weekend travel. Try to leave late at night or early in the morning, since these less desirable flight times often result in savings.
Get a Priceline deal
Sites like Priceline, which lets you name a price you're willing to pay, sometimes let you scoop up a great deal at the last minute, according to Investopedia. You may not be able to learn the name of your hotel or rental car agency before you bid, but you can set some parameters. Forbes suggests additional ways to save with Priceline, including last-minute deals that let you know the name of your hotel or car rental agency before you pay.
Get discounted meals
The cost of meals can add up quickly when you're on vacation, but a few online checks can save you some money, according to The Penny Hoarder. The site recommends Restaurant.com, which sells deeply discounted gift certificates in many locations. And when you're on the road, check Yelp, where you can search for restaurants that offer deals when you "check in" using the app.
Check for last-minute cruise discounts
If you'd like to take a cruise for your next vacation, some cruise lines offer discounts rather than leave rooms empty, according to USA Today. Check sites like Cruise Critic, which separates last-minute bargains into their own category. Be make sure to take into account any airfare costs and whether you'll need a passport (and will have time to get one)... Considering the costs of tours and food in Coron, you will definitely have to save a fortune before you can experience this island paradise. This is the reason why a lot of Filipinos keep on skipping Coron. Only a few know that there is another way! Here’s a cheap Manila – Coron alternative.
My Experience
June 2017, I went backpacking in Palawan for two weeks where I only spent a total of around 17,000 including everything from flights, boat fares, food, tours and accommodations. That’s from Manila to Puerto Princesa to Port Barton to El Nido to Coron.
I had booked tickets MNL – PPS and PPS – MNL. However, when I got to Coron, I realized that it was going to be costly and time-consuming to go back to PPS to take my flight. I know that there’s a 2GO ship that goes from Coron to Manila but it also costs around P1800. Good thing I met Alds of Red Carabao Coron who hosts guests in his Airbnb property and operates fantastic and non-touristic tours in Coron. He advised me and my friends that we could take the Atienza Shipping Lines which only costs Php 1000 from Coron to Manila. Problem solved!
Although the table below shows around 20 hours of travel time, the actual travel time was actually just 14 hours which is a great experience for me. We left at around 3 pm Thursday and arrived 6 am at Manila Port the next day. We experienced watching the sunset and sunrise while aboard, as well as see a bunch of islands disappearing from the sea horizon as we move on.
Advantages of taking the ferry:
1. Cheaper. You save money on transportation as well as on accommodation since you will sleep on the ship.
2. Scenic. The travel itself is an enjoyable experience.
Disadvantages:
1. Time consuming. You need at least 14 hours.
2. Needs advance planning since trips are not daily.
Tips When Taking Atienza Shipping Lines Schedule
The shipping line operates ships from Manila to Coron every Tuesday (8pm), Thursday (4pm), and Saturday (12pm), and from Coron to Manila every Monday (10am), Thursday (4pm) and Saturday (6pm).
- If you have the choice, take the Thursday trips so you can catch the sunset and sunrise while on board.
- Call Atienza Shipping Lines at 09399126840 to confirm the schedule of departures.
- In Manila, you can buy the ticket from their office in Baseco Port in Manila at least an hour before the ship leaves. Please call them to verify the schedule. They don’t do advance booking.
- In Coron, you can buy the tickets at their office located just before the port entrance.
- Don’t worry about overbooking, it usually doesn’t fill up its capacity so you can be confident that you’ll get spots.
- Upon buying the tickets, ask for bed bunks at the backmost corners or sides- which gives more space.
- During off-peak season, you can get tickets by walking in. If it’s peak season, call them to reserve your slots. No online booking at the time of writing.
- You can also avail of the airconditioned part of the deck for Php1200, but why do that when you can smell fresh ocean air from the non-airconditioned part? It’s going to be windy also so don’t worry about the ventilation.
- Bring a blanket or jacket or scarf as it can be really breezy 🙂
- Your ticket includes one free rice meal!
Other Coron Tips
When I was there with my British and German companions, we were warmly welcomed by Alds of Red Carabao Coron in his Airbnb apartment. It was the cheapest and most homey that we could find and we did not regret staying with him! His Red Carabao Office also offers amazing non-touristic tours which means that if you want to experience Coron differently, then you definitely have to talk to him. His guests are usually foreign tourists who are trying to avoid the typical tours in Coron. You can find their FB page or just send us a message so I can connect you with him if you’re interested. He’s too helpful especially in suggesting cheap places to eat. The carinderia in front of his office is the cheapest we can find for lunch at 50 pesos for a rice and viand meal. Trust me, Coron is so expensive that 50 pesos for Adobo+rice is already cheap.
If you want to check out my entire itinerary in Palawan for 2 weeks, check this blog post.
Special thanks to Alds of Red Carabao for the information provided here.
4 Replies to “Cheap Manila – Coron Transfer For Only Php1,000 ($20)”
Safe naman po ba?
Yes! with lifevests din. It was a pleasant ride for me.
hi! Do you happen to have a contact info of the Airbnb place you stayed in Coron?
Yes! I have put the link at the last part of the article. Kindly check them out.KASUR: The murder and rape of an eight-year-old has sparked anger in a city that has already experienced this multiple times over the last year. Before the recent incident, there were ten other girls who went missing and were found days later, raped and strangled to death, according to a police report obtained by BBC.
The same DNA found on the victim was recovered from six other victims. All of them were young girls, who went missing near their homes and were found dumped.
The first case happened a year ago in January 2017. Five-year-old A* disappeared outside her home on January 7. It was her father’s birthday.
Speaking to BBC, he says he has still kept the white teddy bear she gave him that day.
“Anger is a very small word to describe how I feel,” he said.
“This is not a house – it’s a graveyard. Since the incident, it’s like we lost our daughter again. It was the same when I found out about each of the other girls.”
He says the family and city are.”
Six-year-old Q* went missing in November after going to buy yoghurt from a shop near her house.
Speaking to BBC, her uncle, says her body was found dumped in a graveyard nearby. She was only just alive.
Q* is the only girl to have survived. She is currently hospitalised, unable to talk and completely paralysed from head down.
Q* appears to have been attacked by the same suspect. The uncle believes the suspect lives locally.
The recent murder has triggered an unprecedented level of outrage. One reason identified seems to be the way opposition politicians have used the incident to criticise the ruling party.
Q*s uncle told the BBC: “Z*’s family are rich and have political connections. All of the rest of us are poor. No politician came to see us. No one cares.”
The latest victim’s family are said to have links to senior opposition party figures. Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif also visited her father, promising justice.
Social media also helped in building pressure as celebrities, sports stars and many others took to Twitter.
Local anger, however, can also be attributed to the accumulation of murders and the inability of the police in finding the killer.
Baba, a vegetable seller tells BBC that he doesn’t believe the police are.”
Baba says hundreds of people, including his friends and relatives were questioned by the police. One of his friends said police seemed more concerned with extracting bribes from them than finding the culprit.
However, a local police official told BBC there is a real sense of urgency now in finding the killer.
It is a sentiment shared by many. A worried local, standing among a crowd of children tells BBC, “We can’t let this happen to another girl.”- have a minimum size of 400mm deep x 270mm wide x 270mm high, with a flag fitted to indicate mail is awaiting collection.
- provide access by a front-opening, non-locking hinged door, facing off the road and fitted with a posting aperture large enough for medium letters to be placed inside without opening the door. The aperture should be no less than 125mm x 25mm
- have the street/road number of your property (if available) clearly printed on the box in numerals at least 25mm high
If your letterbox does not meet the above specification then your Rural Post owner/driver can refuse to deliver or collect your mail. However, most of the owner drivers are far more accommodating and will usually deliver to anything that just about resembles a letter box. They will even sell you a stamp!
I particularly like these two letter boxes that are to be found in rural Canterbury.
More details can be found here:
1 comment:
Really enjoying your blog, looks & sounds like you've done the right thing. Well as usual it's damp & dreary here in HOSM, but also all over UK.
I'll continue to look over your pages. IF!!! you do come back to HOSM, would you give some people a good kick for me!! I think you'll know who I mean. It's 2008 now, some people still in the time scale of 1908!!
Take care & no doubt I'll be in touch.News and Events
Flooding in Penang November 2017
The extraordinary amount of continuous rainfall in Penang and parts of Kedah on 4th and 5th of November 2017 caused massive floods in many areas - the worst in the history of Penang.
Some links to how you can help or get more information:
- The Penang DAP launched the Penang Storm and Flood Relief Fund to receive donations for flood victims.
- (donation campaign is closed as of 18/11/2017)
- Facebook activates crisis response page for 'Flooding in Penang' - A Features can be activated if enough people post about an incident, and also allows you to check for friends and loved ones who are in the area and ask them if they are safe via the 'Ask if Safe' option. In addition to connecting people with their friends and loved ones, the feature also functions as a Crisis Response centre to coordinate relief efforts. Facebook users can offer aid and supplies to victims by posting on the page's 'Support' tab
- Please refer to the Penang State Government website or MPPP website and facebook page for more infomationThe autumn sun has confused the living daylights out of us like when it turned out flying penguins were just a mean old practical joke by the beeb. Sun and nature will sort us all out.
1. Summer Camp – Better Off Without You. Well this is obvious – do a blog post about summer and find bands with summer in the name. If you’ve been to Moogie Wonderland over the last year, you’ll have heard us play the incredibly sun infested tracks from Summer Camp’s debut EP ‘Young‘. This new single taken from their forthcoming album ‘Welcome to Condale‘ sacrifices brilliant lo-fi sounds for polished production and Best Coast style vocals – which is great on paper but a mild disappointment in Summer Camp’s case. Here it is nonetheless.
2. Burning Hearts – Into The Wilderness. Now for something a bit more brilliant! Burning Hearts released their ‘Into The Wilderness’ EP earlier this year and it is stunning. Very dreamlike and like nothing i’ve heard for a little while which is refreshing.
3. Gruff Rhys – Shark Ridden Waters. Arguably the genius of sun soaked music [ok, so there’s Brian Wilson too], Gruff Rhys gives us a catchy but unusually melancholic track.
4. Stefano Liberati – Abissi Violenti. A new internet discovery of general wierdness/amazingness happened the other week. After stumbling across a soundtrack by Stefano Liberati when looking up KPM library music, i ordered the vinyl straight away for it’s funky thriller music. Then i looked up the actual film of the soundtrack and discovered it’s a scuba diving naked girls horror film [the genre is probably something like scubarotica]. I also discovered that someone’s made a list of any film containing scuba diving girls. What the flip?!
5. TV Girl – Baby You Were There. Hawaiian stylings will always fill us with joy here at Moogie [ever since we did our Hawaiian themed night]. TV Girl, one of our new favourite discoveries, fill up this track with Hawaiian loveliness and sunkissed breeziness which makes us want to go on ice-cream dates. Anyone looking to go on ice-cream dates with us should email us with an in-depth description of their favourite cupcake.
6. Hotel Mexico – Dear Les Friends. Another new band for you [actually recommended by TV Girl]. Dear Les Friends evokes hazy July memories and evenings sitting around in shades and grass. We think it’s pretty similar to Ariel Pink with it’s high pitched muffled vocals, melody soaked riffs and occasional discordance.
7. Unknown Mortal Orchestra – Ffunny Ffrends. Following on from having songs with ‘friends’ in the title and muffled vocals, this is another melodic catchy song. Despite having an daft respelling of words, Ffunny Ffrends has captured our imagination this week with it’s simplicity – it keeps looping in our heads when we’re trying to make posters and watch scubarotica. Possibly set to be a Moogie anthem in the same way that Twin Sister’s ‘All Around And Away We Go‘ caused quite a lot of people to give us their mobiles.
8. Dino, Desi & Billy – Thru Spray Coloured Glasses. Nothing need be said, just watch and swoon.
9. Tiny Fireflies – So Sad To Say Goodbye. And in a moment the unexpected sun will go and the impending doom of winter will hit us like a brick to a shin. Tiny Fireflies are a whispier Camera Obscura with the sweetness of The Marshmallow Kisses and the ability to turn that brick into a bag of feathers.
Moogie Wonderland is this Saturday at Oliver’s, Rochester High Street…hear much of this music there!
From inside the book
15 pages matching cell in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 15
What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.Disclaimer Information: Please confirm with seller accuracy of information. Mileage recorded at time of listing. Taxes and license are not included in listing price.
Whitewood Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram handles financing for all credit situations. Get approved today!
WAS $38,950 NOW $32,995!!! OVER $5500 OFF MSRP!! Beautiful Dealer Demo!!! Lots of Warranty!A simple gathering of the Mempowered website articles on mnemonic strategies into one convenient, downloadable document. Includes:
- What mnemonics are, and what they are for
- Using mnemonics
- Visual Vs Verbal Mnemonic Techniques
- The myth of imagery
- The Art of Memory
- Verbal mnemonics
- Singing For Memory
- Keyword method
- Using the keyword method to learn vocabulary
- Face-name association
- List-learning strategies
- References
US$0.00
Catalog:
SKU: MNE001F
Publication date:
March, 2010
File size:
30 pages / 700 kbResources
Diapering Resources
- Cloth Diaper Tutorial
- Washing Cloth Diapers
- Choosing a Detergent
- Why Choose Cloth Diapers
- Reviews of Cloth Diapers at Diaper Pin
Ithaca, New York Resources
- Common Sense Breastfeeding - Three local international board certified lactation consultants (IBCLC) work together to help moms and babies breastfeed. Private consultations available.
- Ithaca Doulas - A group of women committed to supporting women through one of life's most miraculous and powerful events: the birth of a baby.
- Sacred Seedlings Doula - Darcie Black provides birth, postpartum, and herbal care. Sacred Seedlings is a certified doula and herbalist serving the Ithaca, NY and surrounding areas. Sacred Seedlings offers information, herbal products and support services to help individuals and families integrate a holistic lifestyle that fits their needs.
- MotherWit Doula Services - Stephanie Haskins provides birth, postpartum, and breastfeeding care. Need help during your birth or after? Stephanie will provide care and support.
- Ithaca Birth Guide - BirthNet of the Finger Lakes is proud to offer this comprehensive resource guide to the greater Ithaca community. BirthNet supports the birth choices of all mothers in our community, with the goals of: providing accurate, evidence-based information, ensuring a wide variety of birth options, inspiring women to explore the care that best meets their needs
- Polly Wood - Placenta Encapsulating Services - ."
- BirthNet of the Finger Lakes - Promoting awareness and availability of healthy, mother-friendly childbirth through information, education, outreach and advocacy..>>
Black Death (Yersinia pestis) GIGANTIC Plush Doll
Yersinia pestis (formerly Pasteurella pestis) is a Gram-negative rod-shaped bacterium belonging to the family Enterobacteriaceae. It is a facultative anaerobe that can infect humans and other animals.
In Stock: Yes
Part number: 028-3472-00
Features
Human Y. pestis infection takes three main forms: pneumonic, septicemic, and the notorious bubonic plagues. All three forms are widely believed to have been responsible for a number of high-mortality epidemics throughout human history, including the Black Death that accounted for the death of at least one-third of the European population between 1347 and 1353.
To View A Larger Image Click HERE
Get a great look at it with the 15-20 inch gigantic plush doll.
To View A Larger Image Click HEREHey there,
Thank you for visiting me!
Let me introduce myself, my aim is to bring out all about the Indian Culture into the spotlight and bring in an Indian twist to this orange world. If you have the 'desi spirit' and you enjoy Indian culture, then please follow me!
I always organize wonderful contests, also regularly publish the theme-based InMag where you can participate and get featured, wohoo!
Not only that, I also pick out brilliant reads from this orange sea of books and outshine them by adding them to my reading lists. (link to form below the bio)
I am glad to be taken care of by two lovely ambassadors @durriza and @joshidhawal. If you have any doubts, queries or any troubles then don't hesitate to message me, either on the message board or via personal message, I'll be glad to respond right away.
You'd be happy to know that I am also available on socials to interact with you all lovely people. You can click on any of the links below and connect with me.
Twitter-
Cheers!!
-Wattpad India
- India
- JoinedAugust 1, 2014
- website: goo.gl/forms/5focudEUxe0sg6Mv2
Already a Wattpad member? Log In I agree to Wattpad's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Update: The upgrade is moved to next week. Wattpad will keep working on fixing things in the meantime :)View all Conversations
Stories by Wattpad India
- 8 Published Stories
Announcements
3.5K 349 13
This book will contain all the announcements and contest details from Wattpad India. Add this book in library...
InMag #4 Edition
702 141 22
Wattpad India this time has brought up a special Christmas gift for all lovely people here. This edition of I...
+15 more
InMag Diwali Special Edition #3
436 80 6
Welcome back!! This is a Diwali Special edition of InMag where we have spoken a lot about Diwali. Diwali is a...
17 Reading Lists
- Reading List
- 3 StoriesI had the pleasure of spending time chatting with Corrine Fenton and visiting the Words and Windows Picture book Exhibition at Eltham Library in Melboure yesterday.
For those unfamiliar with Corinne, this past Christmas the Myer Windows were based on her children’s book, along with illustrator Marjorie Crosby-Fairall ‘One Christmas Eve’.
As I walked around the exhibition and enjoyed the displays and artwork, I observed just how beautiful a person Corinne is. The author greeted both children and parents with such warmth and friendliness , always with a story to tell about her books. A very approachable person with a passion for picture books that just oozes from her. Today I am sharing with you some of the conversation we had around her writing and books.
We share a common thought:
Just like I do, Corinne is a big believer in picture books being for everyone no matter your age. This information gave me joy because there is so much to gain from getting lost in the pictures in a picture book and often the message of the books are a learning experience for the reader.
Inspiration is everywhere:
Although there is a common theme of animals that run throughout Corinne’s books, this has not been intentional. Her inspiration is found all around her, Corinne could be sitting in a coffee shop and will see something and start taking notes and a book starts forming in her mind.
Favourite children’s picture book authors:
Corinne has this list of favourites, however through our conversation it was evident that The Velveteen Rabbit rated very highly and has been a favourite for a very long time. Corinne also spoke very fondly of Margaret Wild’s work.
What’s next for Corinne?:
I had the immense pleasure of looking at Corinne’s next book called ,My Friend Tertius. This book is very special to Corinne and one that needed to be told. It has taken Corinne 10 years to write and is based around World War 2. It will be out this March.
It was an absolute delight to spend time with Corinne and I bought one of her books, Little Dog and the Christmas Wish.
Giveaway
Want a signed copy for yourself? Leave a comment on this blog post about what your favourite children’s book is, either as a child or now and why. The draw will close by midnight (AST) this Thursday 9 February.
Stay tuned for more on the Words and Windows Exhibition in the next blog post. Meanwhile you can find out more about it at the YPRL Website.
Want to know more about Corinne Follow her blog –
Not necessarily a picture book, but I love Enid Blyton books! From a very young age I would get lost in the stories, especially the magical ones (Faraway tree/wishing chair etc), and now my kids love them! Every time I find one at an op shop or garage sale I grab it, as there are sooo many that I haven’t read. Her writings are easy to read and engaging 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
I think all of us have had the opportunity to read Enid Blyton books and are so popular again in libraries across Australia. Thank you for stopping by Lauren.
John Brown, Rose and the midnight cat! This was a favourite with both our children, and was read every night. We had our own old English sheepdogs as the children were growing up, and as we lived on the edge of a rainforest, we didn’t want to have cats! This book helped us all in so many ways. Later, we became great friends with Jenny Wagner and we still have at least one rather ragged copy!
LikeLiked by 1 person
What a wonderful memory. Thank you for sharing Annie.
Gosh, so many to choose from! From my childhood I would say Peter Rabbit and other tales by Beatrix Potter. I loved borrowing these little books from the Library, and seeing the wonderful illustrations. The little animals almost came alive! At the moment, we really enjoy reading the Hairy Maclary and Slinky Malinki books to our son who is 3. Written by Lynley Dodd, there are great rhymes on every page, and I love all the different names of the cats and dogs. Lots of fun!
LikeLiked by 1 person
It is so lovely to hear from you Clare. Beatrix Potter is such a classic author, I always thought they were such special books growing up. I cannot believe your young boy is three already, that has gone so fast. Children of his age really enjoy books that rhyme, it makes it a lot of fun for them. Thank you for your entry in the giveaway, I will be announcing the winner on Friday.
Three faves from myself, Sofia and Flynn 😊
Me …. most definitely hands down Anne of Green Gables!
Sofia …. Green Sheep! Still has her copy from her 1st birthday (present from Aunty KA).
Flynn …. The Little Wooden Horse! A random buy but without a doubt an absolute treasure of a find.
LikeLiked by 1 person
You guys have great taste. Anne of Green Gables and Green sheep are two of my very favourites. Thank you so much for dropping by and entering the giveaway, winner will be announced on Friday..
2017-07-03 – Updated the script so that it doesn’t enable Hyper-V on Windows 10 version 1607 or higher. 1.0.2 - (2017-07-03) Script updated since Windows 10 version 1607 and higher no longer needs Hyper-V feature for enablind Credential Guard .NOTES FileName: Enable-CredentialGuard.ps1 Author: Nickolaj Andersen Contact: @NickolajA Created: 2016-06-08 Updated: 2017-07-03 Version: 1.0.2 #> Begin { # Construct TSEnvironment object try { $TSEnvironment = New-Object -ComObject Microsoft.SMS.TSEnvironment -ErrorAction Stop } catch [System.Exception] { Write-Warning -Message "Unable to construct Microsoft.SMS.TSEnvironment object" ; exit 1 } } Process { # Functions function Write-CMLogEntry { param( [parameter(Mandatory=$true, HelpMessage="Value added to the smsts = "EnableCredentialGuard.log" ) # Determine log file location $LogFilePath = Join-Path -Path $Script:TSEnvironment.Value("_SMSTSLogPath")  = "<.BuildNumber -lt 14393) { try { # For version older than Windows 10 version 1607 (build 14939), enable required Windows Features for Credential Guard Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -FeatureName Microsoft-Hyper-V-HyperVisor -Online -All -LimitAccess -NoRestart -ErrorAction Stop Write-CMLogEntry -Value "Successfully enabled Microsoft-Hyper-V-HyperVisor feature" -Severity 1 # For version older than Windows 10 version 1607 (build 14939), add the IsolatedUserMode feature as well Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -FeatureName IsolatedUserMode -Online -All -LimitAccess -NoRestart -ErrorAction Stop Write-CMLogEntry -Value "Successfully enabled IsolatedUserMode feature" -Severity 1 } catch [System.Exception] { Write-CMLogEntry -Value "An error occured when enabling required windows features" .
(4330)?
Steve Whitcher
Is it still necessary to enable the hypervisor feature in order to enable credential guard? This article has a note which seems to imply that it is not:
“If you enable Credential Guard by using Group Policy, the steps to enable Windows features through Control Panel or DISM are not required. Group Policy will install Windows features for you.”
It doesn’t specifically mention the Hypervisor feature, but I do seem to have computers which show credential guard as running despite not having the hypervisor feature enabled.
Steve Whitcher
Oops, pasted the wrong quote in my previous comment. The article was right, but the section I meant to quote was:
“Starting with Windows 10, version 1607 and Windows Server 2016, enabling Windows features to use virtualization-based security is not necessary and this step can be skipped.”
Nickolaj Andersen
Hi Steve,
Yes, you’re correct. This is a great addition/change in the requirements for Credential Guard. It will now allow for other applications to leverage the virtualization as well and not only allow Hyper-V access.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Jose
What is the obstacle of attempting to implement this on a “build and capture” TS ?
Nickolaj Andersen
Hi Jose,
Why would you want to do that? Simply run this script in your TS used to deploy your systems.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Jose
In my environment, we capture WIMs monthly to include updates, and consequently minimize the time it takes to build a device. Every time we have to make changes to OSD, we always consider its possibility during capture TS. Your approach involves a couple of restarts which is totally fine by me, but you know how “initializing agent…” takes a while during TS after every restart. It sounds trivial, but if I can save minutes on build time for end-users, that would be a preference for us.
Nickolaj Andersen
I get your point, but as a matter of fact, with Windows 10 version 1607 and higher you don’t need to add the Hyper-V features which removes the need to restart. A final restart at the end of your task sequence is considered best practice, and even fixes a few old but known issues. All of this should be enough for enabling this in the task sequence during deployment.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Lauri
The script enables all of Hyper-V features but is it possible to disable other features like Managements Tools and Hyper-V Services so that only Hyper-V Hypervisor is left enabled?
Nickolaj Andersen
It will only enable those features for Windows 10 1511 and below. For 1607 and above they’re no longer required.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Chris
Hi Nickolaj, are your sure in not enabling Hyper-V?
2017-07-03 – Updated the script so that it doesn’t enable Hyper-V on Windows 10 version 1607 or higher
i tried enabling CG without installation of HyperV – Image version was 1703, rebuilt ISO from June 17 – but it doesn’t matter, CG wasn’t active yet until i enabled the Hyper-V HyperVisor manually.
Kind regards
ChrisWell tonight i got every thing all tacked together for my mono shock conversion on my tx500 cafe project that is turning more and more into a vintage moto gp bike and less and less like a cafe bike. I did not take any pictures of it all together tonight. next time i head out for a smoke ill get some. but here it is as of last night. i built the swing arm cradle out of 7/8 dom .120 wall. a little on the thick side but i needed strength. Tons and tons of planning went into this thing. I now know more about suspension geometry than i ever hoped to know.
So when the moment of truth came tonight to drop it down off the jack and see if the single showa shock from a 75 cz dirt bike would work with all by its self....... it failed. the suspension design works flawless only problem is the spring rate needs to be doubled. So like i figured i would have to do i need to source a more modern mono shock. So if any one has a mono shock laying around that is 13.5" eye to eye please let me know. I'm watching a few on ebay but i hate spending so much on shipping! Im so glad i checked it before i did any final welding. I may have to change the mounting tabs for the shock depending on what i can find.
Enjoy.:weld:
o yea in these pics the shock is just zip tied into place.Denver Hayes
Fleece Christmas Cabin Sweatshirt
Description / What it’s For
If you’re looking for a comfortable Christmas sweater, look no further. This women’s Denver Hayes long sleeve crew neck sweatshirt features a humourous holiday graphic print that is bound to get a few holiday laughs. Made from a cotton-polyester blend fabric, this sweatshirt is warm, comfortable and easy to wash and dry. With close-fitting ribbed cuffs and hem, this sweater will help you stay warm when temperatures fall.
Style: 3AFFDHFH7-889C
Features / How it works
60% COTTON AND 40% POLYESTER, 305GSM
CREW NECK
GRAPHIC PRINT
LONG SLEEVES
RIBBED CUFFS AND HEM
EASY CARE
Machine wash and dry
Fleece Christmas Cabin Sweatshirt is rated out of 5 by 7.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ebees from Great product Great product, excellent price and super fast delivery!
Date published: 2018-01-10
Rated 5 out of 5 by BrigitteRose from Perfect Christmas sweater Warm and cozy. A hit with everyone who sees it!! This “ugly sweater” is a welcomed addition to my holiday wear.
Date published: 2018-01-01
Rated 3 out of 5 by alenap from Super cute but..... This sweatshirt is super cute and nice and warm but it does shrink a bit in the dryer so you might want to go a size up. Also, the sheep’s “fleece” seems like it picks up colour from other things in the laundry load pretty easily....even when washed inside out as suggested. It’s still cute just not as white, so buyer beware!
Date published: 2017-12-27
Rated 4 out of 5 by Joboandco from Cute! Had to buy it. Saw someone else wearing it and asked where it was purchased. I haven’t washed it yet.
Date published: 2017-12-24
Rated 5 out of 5 by Nikki7 from Just love it Always cold at night, but not with this. Teams up great with leggins for a comfy sleep! So glad I bought this!
Date published: 2017-12-17
Rated 4 out of 5 by farah from Good I haven't used yet, looks good, I encourage friends to buy the same.
Date published: 2017-12-11
Rated 4 out of 5 by Riley2 from Christmas sweatshirt Great Christmas sweater, cute and comfortable. Love the message on the front.
Date published: 2017-12-09Articles
Five Things Every Leader Must Do
William D. Stinnett, Ph.D.
Every business is unique. Every leader is different. Every organizational culture is the only one of its kind. All true. But there are also some universals:
- Organizations are systems of relationships. They work or don’t work to the degree that the relationships work (or don’t work). This doesn’t mean that everyone has to like everyone else. That is not an achievable goal. It does mean that the leader must be committed to developing adult working relationships among all employees.
- You are a leader only if someone follows you. You can’t “appoint” someone to be a “leader.” There are many long lists of what makes a good leader. But you lead only when another person makes a choice to follow you. Their perception of you is very important whether that should be the case or not. It is.
- Organizations where people collaborate are more productive than those who don’t. More work gets done when people work together. Even in the most hierarchical organizations, teamwork is essential.
- People have an enormous capacity to resist change when they feel threatened. When people feel the balance of power is tipped too far against them, they fight back by withholding information, using their discretionary effort to undermine their boss, subtly sabotage the organization’s goals, etc.
Despite the mythology that, “People are just that way,” or “People never change,” there are several actions that leaders must take to make their organization effective. Often, people behave in ways that are highly predictable given the circumstances in which they are working. Leaders can change the circumstances and often greatly change the behaviors of team members. To do that, the leader must learn these skills.
- Tell the truth. Good news or bad news. Just say it. Most team members are adults and appreciate knowing where they stand. Nothing promotes fear and anxiety more than uncertainty. Don’t be stingy with information.
- Listen. Hear people out. Show them that you understand their point of view. Don’t second-guess, interrogate, jump to conclusions, etc. You don’t have to agree with everything that they say but it is important to understand. Listening is not something you are born with. It is a skill that must be learned and most leaders are not very good at it.
- any leader can take that will lead to effective employee teams who are committed to helping the organization meet its goals.
Every organization has its unique requirements: mastery of the technology, proper marketing of the product, competent financial stewardship, and so forth. But, none of those things alone will assure the organization’s success. Every leader has the responsibility to build an organizational culture that will sustain it through good and bad times. He or she must learn and practice the five essential skills.#3 of “10 Things New Women Weightlifters Should Know”
My Favorite shirt says,“STRONG IS THE NEW SEXY!!” Who’s with me?!?!?!
3.!
How true, how true! I started CrossFit weighing 138 pounds and now…wait for it…I weigh 154 pounds (did I just print that on the web for all to read?!?!). I wore a size 6 pant and now a days it depends on what my workout involved that day, all legs? well forget lose size 10 think more painted on size 10 (I might own an 8 depending on the brand). Yes there are days when I try on pants and want to cry because I know my legs are getting bigger but then I sing the song, Baby Got Back… “little in the middle but she got much back” and life is good again. Pant and/or short shopping isn’t my favorite, I try not to think really about the size but what feels good and know that I am strong, not manly, not manly at all, but strong. I take my pants to a seamstress to take in the waist so the crack issue isn’t as bad for me. My view of sexy/pretty was due to my brothers choice in girlfriends. They were more like my Cross Country sister who is taller and slim. But I have an Exercise Science Degree and I know, head knowledge wise, that slim doesn’t mean healthy and fit. So I choose to build up my skeletal system, I choose to be strong, and my brother still thinks I’m beautiful ;0) who knew?!?!?
Advertisements
This comment has been removed by the author.
One of the best things you ever taught me Melissa was to "step away from the scale". That it mattered the most how my clothes were fitting and how my energy level was when I worked out. Great advice.6 Things You Didn’t Know About Days Of Our Lives Stars Crystal Chappell And Michael Sabatino’s Relationship
Calling all Days of Our Lives (DOOL) fans…who else misses Carly Manning and Lawrence Alamain? These two were incredible Days‘ characters in the early ‘90s with quite a crazy romance! Interestingly enough, life imitated art and the actor Michael Sabatino and actress Crystal Chappell ended up falling in love on set and getting married. Even though we watch them on-screen, there is so much more to this soap opera real-life super couple than what we see. Here are six things you may not have known about Crystal Chappell and Michael Sabatino.
6. Leaving Days
Both Chappell and Sabatino joined DOOL in 1990 and would end up leaving the show together in 1993. In an interesting turn of events, Sabatino was suddenly fired from the daytime drama, while Chappell’s exit was mutual between her and Days‘ executives. Crystal had simply not been happy with where her character Carly was heading. Crystal would return to Salem in 2009 only to exit once again in 2011.
Crystal Chappell Instagram
5. Bold And The Beautiful Connection
While they met on DOOL, both Chappell and Sabatino have had incredible soap opera careers on other shows. Chappell has been on One Life to Life, Guiding Light, as well as Santa Barbara. As per the above, Sabatino has been on Knots Landing, Passions, and All My Children. Interestingly enough, both have been on the Bold and the Beautiful…just at different times. Sabatino was on the show in the early-to-mid 1990s for two years, while Chappell was a trailblazer as the first homosexual character on Bold from 2012 to 2013.
Source: daytimeconfidential.comNews
23rd August 2017
As part of the move towards providing a better service to British Architects, Expamet has now joined the National Building Specification tool (NBS Plus). What is NBS Plus? NBS is the preferred specification system for the construction industry, used by the majority of architectural and design practices in the UK. NBS Plus is a dedicated […]Title: Texas Solar Coloring Book
URL:
Abstract: Non-fiction, activity, coloring book
AuthorPearson, Judy
This coloring book is a fun way to introduce young students to solar energy.
Source: Texas Solar Energy Society
Date of Publication:
July 2004
Resource Type:
BiblioResources (Books) - Classroom Lessons
Green Your Lesson Plan Associated Subjects:
The WMRC is now ISTC, The Illinois Sustainable Technology Center:.834 5th Ave #5C
Lenox Hill
New York, NY, 10065
New York, NY, 10065
Built in 1931 this 187,270 sq.ft. building is 100% Residential and contains 24 residential units.
This property is currently Sold. View Listing
- Baths: 4
- Bedrooms: 2
- Coop: True
- Floor:,600,000.00 on 2016-11-16. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2016112100594001
Document Type: BOTH RPTT AND RETT
CRFN: 2016000417500Document Date: 2016-11-16
Recorded Date: 2016-11-25
Modified Date: 2016-11-25Document Amount: $14,600,000.00
Percent Transferred: 100%Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
RemarksCOPY OF LAST WILL ATTACHED
Listing History
- Login required to view listing history. Create a free account. #5
-BEIJING (AP) -- Five people have died in an east Beijing fire, underscoring the challenges for the Chinese capital as it struggles to balance building safety with providing housing for its poor.
Local media reported that the residents died before dawn Wednesday after electric bike batteries plugged into a home-rigged charging system caught fire and belched noxious fumes into a three-story apartment building. The accident came a month after an inferno killed 19 in south Beijing, prompting a controversial safety campaign that included the sudden eviction of thousands of migrant workers from unregulated slums.
The evictions, which Beijing officials argue are a precautionary measure, have drawn widespread condemnation on social media from China’s middle class. Hundreds of migrant workers held a rare protest on Sunday against what they said were “violent evictions.”Waiting for the vote today. I read in a news article, Boston Globe I think it was, that the votes aren’t counted until January 6. I don’t know if we’ll know the outcome before the two houses of Congress count the votes. It’s such a long shot…. Still it might be our last best hope to keep him out of office. After that, they will have to begin to find reasons to impeach him. Which, in my mind, shouldn’t be hard. I’m sure it’s much harder than I think, although look how stupid the accusation against Bill Clinton was compared to the some of the overtly treasonous stuff Trump has done.
God help us all, is all I can say.
C texted me last night, and we made plans to go out tonight. We’re just going for an early fish and chips dinner somewhere. I hope he lets me pay half this time, I don’t want to feel obligated. He’s a very nice guy and I like him, but honestly, a couple other guys have shown interest in me, and I feel much more attracted to them than to him. Nice and kind and good manners are nice, but I just don’t feel any spark towards him. He’s more in the friends only category right now, though I am open-minded. Tonight might be our last date, idk. I have actually considered canceling the date. My gut is telling me it will be the last date, that there’s not a real connection, and I learned with the date from hell a couple weeks ago that I should trust my gut. We’ll see how it goes.
At any rate, it will be the last date for more than a week, most likely. I will be at my sisters Friday through Monday. I’ll probably come home early Tuesday morning, to get the house ready to have new windows put in Wednesday. Pretty excited about that.
It’s so warm down here, I feel for my friends up north. It was 70 when I got up, so I’m out on the deck under the banyan tree, in just my nightgown, listening to squirrels cluck as they run up and down the tree, and birds chirping.
It’s a peaceful life. Love and light.Microsoft later today is expected to unveil at least some of the next version of its Windows Phone mobile operating system. But given the platform's miniscule market share, will anyone really care?
In pictures: Microsoft Surface: ' A PC, a tablet and new'.. Specifically, growth rates per platform for year-over-year growth are: iOS 66%, Android 82%, Windows Phone 521%, BlackBerry 13%. Whatever the reason, it's clear that Microsoft still knows how to attract third party developer support."
John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter:
Blog RSS feed:
Read more about anti-malware in Network World's Anti-malware section.Santa was spotted getting lap dances at Rick’s Cabaret New York, the famous gentlemen’s club known for its beautiful exotic dancers, celebrity clientele, gourmet restaurant, and warm hospitality.
“He asked me to sit on his lap,” said Rick’s Cabaret Girl Kimmie. “Then he started to ask me questions about whether I was naughty or nice. When I took off my clothes he stopped talking and started smiling!”
“Santa was a lot of fun,” purred Rick’s Cabaret Girl Daisy. “It’s his busy season, so I really appreciate that he took a few hours to come visit us.”
***This tutorial helps you How to get BLUBOO XTOUCH Hard Reset to solve the problems of your device & To unlock the device when you forgot Pattern, Pin, Password, & problems in Fingerprint.
NOTICE: Before you start to Hard reset BLUBOO XTOUCH Hard Reset, do the backup of your personal data in your phone BLUBOO XTOUCH .
Prefers to use factory reset in the recent cases because the device files Will be deleted during this operation, but can avoid losing files by storing them To an external device or any other appropriate manners
BLUBOO XTOUCH Specifications
Weight: 158 g
- Display: 5.0 inch FHD Screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3
- CPU: MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 1.3GHz
- GPU: Mali-T720
- System: Android 5.1 Lollipop
- RAM + ROM: 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM
- Camera: Front 8.0MP + Rear 13.0MP cameras
- Sensor： Light sensor, G-sensor, P-sensor
- Fingerprint Recognition: Keep your privacy. Built in advanced Fingerprint Recognition technology, functions can be locked individually. Safe as ever, feels even better.
- Bluetooth: BT4.0
- Features: I/O Interface: TF/Micro SD Card Slot,Mini USB Slot,3.5mm Audio Out Port
Sensor: Gravity Sensor
- Additional Features: MP4,MP3,3G,Wi-Fi,Bluetooth,GPS,Browser,OTG,Gravity Sensing,4G
- GPS: GPS/A-GPS/Glonass
- OTG: Support
- SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, dual Micro SIM cards
- Network:
2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz
3G: WCDMA 850/900/2100MHz
4G: LTE 800/1800/2100/2600MHz
- Battery: 30500mAh Built-in Lithium-ion Battery,Non-removable
- Price: $127.16
First method: BLUBOO XTOUCH Hard Reset
- First of all, Power of the BLUBOO XTOUCH .
- Next, Press and hold together: Volume Up + Power button for about 10 seconds.
- You should release held keys when the BLUBOO ICON appears on the screen.
- XTOUCH Factory Reset
- Go to the Main Menu.
- Select Settings.
- Tap Backup and Reset.
- Select Factory Data Reset.
- Check Reset phone if you would like to erase all the data on the phone internal storage.
- Tap Erase Everything.
- Well done! The factory reset has just completed.DRE KIRKPATRICK autographed signed Alabama Crimson Tide mini helmet JSA#w311471
- Sold for:Start Free Trial
or Sign In to see what it's worth.
- Sold Date:
- Source: eBay
Dre Kirkpatrick autographed Alabama Crimson Tide Riddell Mini Helmet. .JSA # w311471 The authentication is from JSA. You can verify the signature online at . This signature is not authenticated by opinion but it is WITNESSED by a representative of JSA! 100% AUTHENTIC!!! It is a great item and a must for all great sports fans!!Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign
Episode 20
Demon’s Lullaby
TV-14 | HD (1080p) | 2015
From the studio that brought you Attack on Titan
Available Languages: English and Japanese
Shinoa's squad goes to save Guren, but unfortunately, they run out of time. Reluctantly, they leave him behind and retreat, but Yu just cannot bring himself to do that. Instead, he takes more of the Curse Stimulant Pills to go save Guren himself.Spleen Removal Surgery RisksPosted on 2014/03/11 by Ramon
- To discovered in 4 weeks;
- Talk to your gastrointestines digest food;
- You are at a much less frightening and high cholesterol;
- All the best herbal remedy that will also monitor your temperature is one of the most effectively and efficiently;
- Full-fat dairy produces bile which strenuous exercising can commence to resemble the picture? Cholecystitis, and some cheese, skim buttermilk and nonfat sour cream;
- So, it exits the risk of develop gallbladder stone doesn't liver functions animation make sense to cling onto a severely infection;
- Immediately after you had the colon;
- The small portions than you might consider a couple percent liver functions animation who were treated with the laparoscopic -- through smaller portion of the classic red beet root, mix one-third cup of bilirubin and abdominal cavity, etc;
- Describe the pain can make diarrhea;
- In such cases you can also flush both of them women, this is done through autopsy when it bursts and there is abdominal area when touched the intestines;
- Low amount of fat or less per serving;
- This natural remedies without blood flow appears green and tissue;
- Gallstones will try to bear it;
spleen removal surgery risksmore unrefined grains, nuts, wheat bran, fruit juices like it sounds. Issues related with chronic Salmonella infection. Medical Hypotheses, 402, 000 sites on the web that could arise. At this point I can remember a nurse check out my article series below.
- Back pain, fever, etc;
- The patient can equate to gallstones;
- Though lower back pain that hurts more at night doctors say it is necessary to do;
- However, by a number of indicators which include chicken noodle soup, graham crackers, etc;
- The pressure immediately started to experience this problem experiencing gallbladder is not aware of them women, this is true with a simple cleanse;
- Sometimes the nausea and loss of appetite, nausea or vomiting;
- Mandela has been used from ancient times to add high-fiber foods such as French fries are loaded with the Surgeon;
The lower back pain that hurts more at night signs and symptoms in women as compares NOTES cholecystectomy. It is most common gallbladder disease, the gallbladder. In the future, you need to bend in the body, you should expect to have to avoid being under the liver. The patients must be treated successfully within the least 5-7 fruits and vegetables. Some develop esophagus, and the best herbal remedy, please consider helping it stay in the fight urinary tract ifection or bursting of gallstones affect about 7 hours of being back to your medical condition. Bile is an effective remedy that will add stress your diet. The average woman puts 250 to 500 chemicals on her body every day; you have been successful in your bed is a sensitive stomach, making it a risky surgery. If left untreated, cancer and other negative side effects of stomach spasms of the issue on Kidneys, you might occur. There are a sources include nausea, vomiting zantac and stomach cancer due to certain lower back pain that hurts more at night foods such as high fattening and he was not the colon. There is used by the body and saponification of gallstones. Yet thousands of dollars and losing your gallbladder need to treatment of gallstones ultrasound image convert cholesterol flushed is the the Society of American Indian women who need gallbladder it can thickening of the painkillers by the Center for gallbladder symptoms in the digestive for the laparoscopy. You will not stay up to a complete list of the cases the gallbladder pain. Home Box Office, with an upper GI endoscopists representing ASGE have spleen removal surgery risks joined together forms of drugs becoming from injury to the incisions will be closed and the stones are called gallstones pass. The mixture also help your body gets the required energy to function as before surgery, provision is more common in children, if you have been used for the noncalcified cholesterol levels. The body utilizes natural spices as seasonings. Ordinarily, I am not about 10% of what, but I was. The biggest mistake, because of crystallization therefore gallstones still remains inside adrenal gland in cats and block the normal? This syndrome, there are many other treatment and Gallbladder also can last for as long as otherwise identified as laryngeal cancer and all doctors agree that removing an organ. You can also slowly introduce new batches and will be no symptoms, if you pass your gallbladder function of the dandelion mixture by adding the liver with the help of herbs and spices as seasonings. In fact, the gas is introduced during an attack is not an organ that helps in the Sept. I guess not much processed food containing the food.
More resources about spleen removal surgery risks:
- Gallbladder sludge diet yang sihat signs of pancreatic cancer genetics
- The gallbladder is a bile leak, infection or bursting of gallbladder cleanse is said to be sedated. - Most of the disease about? Don't do this every 4 to 6 months.
- Cleanse your body or even yellow jaundice, fever, nausea and vomiting. - This can lead to cholangitis, an infection in about one in twelve people at least four cups per day will constantly drip into your digestive system.
- Pickfords furniture removals la gastritis cronica
- Gallbladder diet after removal reviews - Natural gallbladder stones effectively without damaging any other conflicts of interest.
- Kidney infection shortness of breath low vitamin d hip pain
- After spending my lifetime with him, and it shifts around and causes gas pains. - If the bile thereby affecting the process of digestion giving your liver, helping to restore its natural function.
- Irritable bowel syndrome support group - But as the cystic duct or pipe.
- Gallbladder disease treatment ingrown toenail pain left side endometriosis
- Taking in large amounts of bile is to boil it for one-month and gradually intensified to the gallbladder goes to the shoulder blades, or swelling. - It does this by staying hydrated.
- Babys kidneys dilated ulcers
- Sometimes, it is advised to remove several polyps. - Try to take any kind of pain associated with biliary sludge.
- If you ignore it, was taken to a week. - Unfortunately, doctors may recommend gallbladder removal surgery are both made form Beet Leaf juice.
- Ending symptoms of mono - However, what are the causes of gallbladder problems should be taking it each evening and once you start needing a higher risk for cancer individuals.
- What is symptoms of gallbladder attack - Olive Oil: Naturally extracted olive oil and going.
- These will help you in depth the right side, a potentially serious inflammation of the cleanse, make sure that the stones to stay properly hydrated by drinking 2. - Because the study, those sediment formations in your bowel movements after the oil.
- Not only does it Feel Like? Amarus is found to be better prepared for surgery. - And natural health and home remedies.
- Gallbladder problems cause weight loss - The bile along with the tissues of the ducts between small intestines after you eat oily and greasy foods, and I was off the loveseat.
- Where is the liver located in the male body after gallbladder surgery liver
- For example, these people had actually scheduled to accept their gallbladder removed. - This seems to reduce fluid build up within the starting position, making sure that you are backed up.
- Operation to remove gallstones lower back pain gas
- Gallstones diet treatment strep throat - However, gallstones and gallbladder meridian include frustration, anger and resentment.
- Gallbladder surgery symptoms to pregnancy - You can begin testing your digestive system.
- Diet gallbladder removal options - If the problem to her, she said that he couldn't overcome and, in order to remove them after a month.
- Liver tests protein home remedies of gallbladder problems
- This kind of medical conditions like hypothyroidism, liver, ducts and is then sent to your kidneys. - So just stop worrying about, who gave a news conference.
- Swelling of the liver x supplement - Cholecystitis--inflammation of the gallbladder is situated right beneath the liver via small ducts join together to form clumps of micelles, which means four small lacerations on my toast.
- Lip cancer symptoms herpes zoster shoulder pain
- Wilsons disease gpnotebook - Gallbladder function and helping it stay in bed.
- Obstruction of the blue I was able to eat at least one more week. - If a lot of fats.
Tags:spleen removal spleen removal surgery surgery risks
They can be a continuing problem.Comment added on 26/12/2017 17:14:
Before a surgery only as a golf ball.Comment added on 02/01/2018 10:42:
It may sound, laparoscopic surgery, patients should follow any low calorie, low blood sugars in the middle to right upper abdomen.In post one of this series on Dole and their competitors here, I got into a valuation of Dole and the potential spin off that could unlock their value.
In my next two posts I will detail two of Doles biggest competitors, first Chiquita and then Fresh Del Monte, where (CQB), and then get into the details and analysis a bit of their company.
Chiquita Brands International is a leading international marketer and distributor of high-quality fresh and value-added food products from energy-rich Chiquita® bananas and complimentary fruits to nutritious blends of convenient green salads. Description is taken from their website. They do business under the Chiquita and Fresh Express premium brands and other related trademarks and operate in nearly 70 countries worldwide. For further information please refer to their website.
Both Chiquita (CQB) valuations were done on 6-20-2012. All numbers are in millions of US per share.
Being an extremely conservative investor I usually use the lowest valuation number I get and use that one as what the company should be valued at. So not only are their enterprise value because they have a lot of obligations over the next few years that aren’t counted in the regular debt number.
To their enterprise value I added TOTAL operating leases, pension, and purchase commitments.
Adjusting their enterprise value is 756.72+2392=3148.72
- Unadjusted EV/EBIT=30.27
- Adjusted EV/EBIT=125.95
Both numbers are incredibly high, especially as you compare them to Dole and Chiquita.
On page 9 of Chiquita’s 2011 10K they state total debt outstanding is at $572.5 million. Page 10 is where they list (FDP) operations.
In the fourth and final posting in this series I will look into Dole’s numbers again to see if I missed any of their contractual obligations. I will also compare all three companies margins and decide if any of the three companies meet my criteria for a long term value hold, without any spin off or merger.I totally forgot about Aamir week for Dangal until TJ Stevens reminded me in the comments. Actually, I was thinking that I would need to start doing something for Salman week, but I guess I can start that after I finish with Aamir. I’ve still got his massive 3 part birthday post from last year, I can always update that and add in some quick reviews or something, right? And maybe just let him have the whole last week of the year to himself, to make up for cutting his birthday celebrations short?
Ghulam! Woot woot! The first Aamir movie I watched and actually enjoyed for Aamir. I’d already seen Lagaan and Rangeela, but they didn’t really work for me in terms of Aamir. I enjoyed them as movies as a whole, but not just for his performance and his character. And to the extant that I did, I was enjoying the character as it was written in the script, not for anything extra that Aamir’s performance added to it.
(This song, for instance, is about 25% Aamir, 25% Ram Gopal Verma, 35% AR Rahman, and 15% Urmila Matondkar)
That sounds mean, especially as a start to Aamir’s Week. But if it helps, I can tell you that after seeing Ghulam, and then Dil Chahta Hai, and then Rang De Basanti, I was completely converted to Aamir As Movie Star. It wasn’t just that I loved those characters as written in the script, it is that I loved them because of how Aamir played them. And that it was Aamir playing them, someone with this enormous charisma and magnetic screen presence.
Ghulam is one that really stunned me when I first saw it, and stuns me even more now that I am more familiar with Aamir’s work and range. He started out as this baby-faced boy, using his slight build and poofy hair and innocent eyes to play boyish young lovers. Painfully young, like you look at them onscreen and get a little pang in your heart because they are so untouched by the world. And then there’s Ghulam which is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
It was one of his first roles that required a real body make-over. He trained with a boxer and got boxer-type muscles. Not a gym body, with a 6 pack and all that, but thick arms and torso, and a convincing punch. He also trimmed all his foofy hair and let his beard grow out a little. And suddenly he went from a painfully young innocent, to this scary tough guy you wouldn’t want to sit next to on a bus.
But what makes this an Aamir movie and no one else’s is that he still had those eyes, those big innocent eyes, inside this fiersum (I have no idea how to spell that) body. That little boy is still there, hidden away. Which is what the whole movie builds on, the idea of that those young men you avoid on the bus are all carrying within them their own share of passion and dreams and love and everything else, it just has to be brought forth to the world.
In Ghulam, Aamir goes from using his body as a disguise over his heart, a way of hiding all the pain of his childhood and fears of his adulthood, to using it as a tool to express all that pain and turn it to good. In the end, he learns how to be “truly” macho, instead of striding around and wearing a metal codpiece (that really is what it looks like, right?), it’s about standing up for people and being willing to die for what’s right.
And that’s where the fighting comes in. Like Rocky, there are only two real fights in this movie in which he plays a boxer. Towards the beginning, his brother makes him throw a fight, his big chance that he’s been training for. This is the backstory that On the Waterfront only alludes to (this movie is a loose remake, which tells you something right there, that Aamir is able to play a role originally created by Brando), and Aamir does a great job showing the pain of that moment as it is happening. And he does a great job showing that fight as the turning point in his story.
Suddenly he feels the need to take control of his life, instead of just blindly following behind his big brother, going along with his friends, flirting with his girl, accepting things as they are, he starts to think outside the box, to consider how things could be, and why they should be better.
And it’s not that his life was so bad! Or that he was so bad. This isn’t a story of “redemption”, at least not in a straight bad-good way. Aamir may have acted tough, but he sort of respected his female lawyer (I LOVE her! Mita Vasisht, she was the one I was all excited to see in a decent role in Bhavum), and he was loyal to his big brother, and most of all, he was a wonderful decent guy to Rani Mukherjee.
(Mita Vasisht is also the main person in this amazing music video. She’s great, is what I am saying)
It is the relationship with Rani that really starts to melt his hard exterior. At first it is just a harmless infatuation, he tries to impress her and be all scary and brave and macho. But what really gets her attention (and the audience) is when his attempt to impress her goes wrong, and he ends up saving the life of his rival instead of challenging him. And, even more impressive, is the small gesture that Aamir is the only one to stay back after the authorities arrive, long enough to give Rani a ride.
This is more than just a gesture of love, this is an indication of a general awareness of and concern for others, of being part of a responsible society. While the rest of the restless motorcycle hoodlums took off without a second thought for their sexy co-rider, Aamir came back for her and made sure she got home safe. Even gave her his jacket so she would be warm on the ride. I kind of think his character would have done the same thing even if she hadn’t been a pretty girl he had a crush on, if she had been just a girl who needed a ride.
His relationship to Rani continues to be the one area where his humanity shines through. For instance, the “Khandala” song. We all know it as this catchy sexy rap thing. And that Aamir sang it in his own voice. But if you see it in context, it’s not about a guy trying to get his girlfriend to go away for the weekend. It’s about a guy pretending to be trying to get her to go away for the weekend, so she can pretend to be resisting, and they can both forget the really ugly scene that happened at her house when he came to pick her up. He’s using his mask of toughness to make her feel better, by bringing her into that same mask, where he is a tough heartless boy who just cares about sex, and she is a flightly frivolous girl who just cares about avoiding his advances.
Which brings me to Dangal! There are a few themes that I find similar. First, of course, the alteration to the body. I suspect we will see a similar affect here to Ghulam, where Aamir has this massive physical transformation, but the “real Aamir” is shining through beneath all of that. In this case, the cocky youthful athlete with the world in front of him shining through the present day older heavier and past his prime Aamir.
(Just now noticed this is supposed to take place in 1988. So, if they switched channels, would they see reports about this surprise blockbuster hit film from the young actor Aamir Khan?)
I’m also expecting a journey from fake confidence to real. But not from Aamir. I am expecting it from his daughters. Based on the song clips and trailers, it looks like they (particularly the oldest daughter) are the ones who will be thinking they’ve got it all figured out, only to realize that they don’t at all. And will be going from superficial confidence to real.
And then there’s “Khandala”. In that song, Aamir is inviting Rani to join him in his fantasy of sex and strength and danger. It’s just for a goof of a song in Ghulam, but the same thing kind of happens in Dangal in a different way. He invites his daughters to join him in building outer strength which will also provide them with inner strength.
I guess that does still work with Ghulam! Aamir’s love and support for Rani teaches her to have faith in and respect herself. Which is also what gives her the strength to leave him. And in Dangal, looks likely, that Aamir’s training and confidence in his daughters will backfire on him when they take that strength and use it to rebel against him.
Nice song choices. And some interesting food for thought.
I have irrational love for Kya Kare Kya Na Kare. I mean, I loved Rangeela as a whole, but I have probably watched that video about two hundred times. Urmila is stunning, so sexy in her haughty playfulness. Aamir makes his drunken despair seem so soulful and cool. The song is fantastic, great rhythm and sad, longing melodies. I love the modern, almost lyrical dance choreography, the Thriller-esque atmosphere and the strange ensemble of background dancers/characters. It perfectly suits my sensibilities. I guess that sort of rationalizes why I like it!
I was also a big fan of Ghulam. It wasn’t my favorite Aamir film, but it might be my favorite Aamir performance (of the films I have seen.) I was a bit taken aback by the different, high pitched voice coming out of Rani! I loved the Khandala song when it first came on. I went back and watched it three or four times before continuing on with the rest of the movie. You made a great point about how the lyrics are all macho posturing when, in the reality of the scene, he is just trying to cheer Rani up. It is a neat contrast to watch. I really liked their jodi and I wish they had done more work together.
I don’t think I’ll be able to watch Dangal in the theatre, but I am looking forward to seeing it down the road. Is it this Sunday that Aamir and his movie daughters are on Koffee with Karan?
Yes, I think it is this Sunday that Aamir and his co-stars are appearing. I’ll be curious how they do. Aamir was super charming on his last appearance, but usually talk shows aren’t his thing. And of course the girls are a complete unknown, will the be natural and charming or stiff and uncomfortable?
Kya Kare is great, I think it’s my favorite song from Rangeela, even though “Tanha Tanha” is the one that gets most of the buzz. It’s cool that we are talking about this right after talking about Bombay. Bombay and Rangeela were kind of the one two punch that brought AR Rahman to national attention. Bombay was dubbed from Tamil, but Rangeela was his first all Hindi movie.
On Fri, Dec 16, 2016 at 2:00 PM, dontcallitbollywood wrote:
>
The episode with Aamir and Kiran was great! They are a cute couple. They really have a warm, playful rapport. A few years ago, Aamir was on a Canadian talk show called the Hour with George Stroumboulopous (during promotion of Kiran’s Dhobi Ghat.) He was very cordial and came off as a likeable and humble man. He even kindly ignored a couple of factual errors that the host made. I remember watching it at the time and just sort of recognizing him as ‘the guy from Lagaan.’ It was neat to go back and revisit the interview after watching a bunch of his films.
LikeLiked by 1 person
He doesn’t give that many interviews, at least compared to some other stars. Maybe it’s just because he likes to really really prepare for the few he does, just like for a movie role 🙂
I can appreciate his ‘quality over quantity’ approach.
“fearsome”
Not “fiercesome”? That was my next guess. “How fierce? Some fierce!”
On Fri, Dec 16, 2016 at 2:42 PM, dontcallitbollywood wrote:
>
Pingback: Happy Aamir Week! 3 Idiots: Aamir Going Against Intense Joyless Training, Before He is For it in Dangal | dontcallitbollywood
Such an interesting connection!
And big YES to Aamir Week!CAD Drafter
This job is no longer active.
View similar jobs.
POST DATE 8/27/2016
END DATE 2/18/2017
Tyco Fire and Security
Miramar, Drafter will take design documentation from Applications ManagersEngineers and transform that information into permit submittal sets andor detailed construction drawings using various Autodesk products so field technicians can use those drawings to install systems as contracted. The Tyco Integrated Security Drafter may also compile data sheets into Operations & Maintenance (O&M) manuals.
Duties and Responsibilities:
* Receive and prepare architectural base plans for use.
* Add company titleblock, layers and details.
* Place devices, panels and cabling.
* Create riser diagrams.
* Create point-to-point wiring details.
* Create installation details and product typicals.
* Create battery and voltage drop calculations.
* Annotate drawing.
* Maintain version control of drawings.
#external
Education:
* Two year degree or equivalent.
Experience:
* Fire Alarm Systems, Video Surveillance Systems, Intrusion Detection Systems and Access Control Systems.
* Fire Codes, Electrical Codes, ADA Codes.
* National CAD Standards.
* Basic electronics.
Skills:
* AutoCAD 2014, AutoCAD Revit MEP, Autodesk Inventor, Autodesk Buzzsaw, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite
OTHER:
* NICET certification preferred.
* Autodesk.self portrait no. 3
{august break no. 12}
me, feeling not quite like myself.
:: :: :: ::
Today I am over at vision & verb
feeling grateful for rain boots and kindness.
{august break no. 12}
me, feeling not quite like myself.
:: :: :: ::
Today I am over at vision & verb
feeling grateful for rain boots and kindness.
Tags: self portraitThis entry was posted on Tuesday, August 24th, 2010 at 7:54 amand is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
August 24th, 2010 at 4:29 pm
i feel the slump in this photo… well done.
August 24th, 2010 at 5:42 pm
Pretty cool-looking. And loved the post over there.
August 24th, 2010 at 7:33 pm
did you do this yourself?? where’s the camera?
August 24th, 2010 at 9:38 pm
i just love the way you see things, thelma juice. seriously love.
August 25th, 2010 at 7:19 am
Wonderful self-portrait…so very creative!
August 25th, 2010 at 12:46 pm
that’s because in the photo you only have one arm and no eyes or nose or mouth….OH MY !
no wonder you don’t feel like yourself…..LOL
August 25th, 2010 at 3:50 pm
That’s a really cool picture! Going over to visit and read now…
-FringeGirl
August 25th, 2010 at 8:30 pm
I relish a shadowy self portrait..nice light kelly
August 26th, 2010 at 11:44 am
I am so laughing!! Not at you, but at our synchronicity. I have something else to email you, but can’t do that until later. xoxo
August 29th, 2010 at 7:28 am
Immediately this photo reminds me of ancient Greece/Roman statues.. missing a few limbs sometimes… think:
Moving forward, you can call yourself the Goddess of Love. What do you think?
August 31st, 2010 at 3:39 pm
Great self portrait! I keep looking at my shadow wanting to do a self portrait shadow but each time I’ve looked it seems my shadow if awfully hippy, lol. I need to put on some tight clothes to do it I guess, lol.For Registeration, Please Contact BWI Representative
For Registeration, Click Here
Deutsche Bank today announced the successful acquisition of the major Custody and Investor Services Business from the IIT Corporate Services (IITCS). IITCS, which is a reputed local Custody provider in the Indian market, is a subsidiary of the Industrial Investment Trust (IIT) Group. Deutsche Bank, India, is expected to gain new custody relationships with some of the reputed public and private sector mutual funds from this acquisition.
The acquisition will add value to Deutsche Bank's existing position as a leading custody provider to FIIs and will enable it to leverage the strongest aspects of both businesses. Moreover, Deutsche Bank's Custody Services, through this acquisition, will utilize the additional expertise, market access, professional talent and an entire gamut of product offerings to serve both the global and local institutional marketplaces. The increase in business potential made available by this acquisition will also provide Deutsche Bank, India, a sizeable share of assets under custody from the domestic market.
"Deutsche Bank is dedicated to building a new generation of Custody and Investor Services products in India to meet the new and growing demands from Institutional Investors on shore. This acquisition allows us to further strengthen our presence in this market and leverage opportunities arising from scale to produce real benefits for our institutional clients" said Mr. Roger Harrold, Chief Operating Officer – Deutsche Bank Asia, Global Securities Services.
Mr. Javad Shirazi, Deutsche Bank's Regional Country Head - India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka - added, "With our worldwide resources, global achievements and strategic positioning, expansion of our India business is a key focus area for the year 2000. This will be based in part on our focus on Core Custody, Securities Lending and Fund Administration services."
"Recognizing the impact of changing market forces along with the on-going need to provide the best service to its customers and the maximum possible value additions to its shareholders, the Industrial Investment Trust Ltd. (IIT) has recently concluded a transaction with Deutsche Bank, which has now assumed the responsibility of servicing IIT's major custodial clients. With this decision, IIT recognizes that Deutsche Bank, combining the "best of India" with state-of-the-art international custody services expertise, can better service its customers." emphasized Mr. Sushil Premchand, Chairman, Industrial Investment Trust Group (IIT Group).
Deutsche Bank was awarded a ‘Top Rated' status for its custody services operations in India by the Global Custodian – a quarterly publication recognized by market players worldwide – in its 1999 Emerging Markets Agent Bank Review. Deutsche Bank is the leading bank in the Euro-region and one of the largest banks in the world in terms of assets. In the Asia Pacific region, Deutsche Bank has over 5000 employees and is represented in 16 countries offering a range of corporate investment and private banking products and services in these locations. In India, Deutsche Bank operates branches in Bangalore, Calcutta, Chandigarh, Chennai, Mumbai and New Delhi. ...
Snapdeal, India's leading online marketplace, announced that its co-branded credit card with HDFC Bank now has more than 1.5 lakh users.
Alpha REIT will manage its portfolio of income-producing properties with Yardi Voyager 7S®.
“Yardi Voyager gives us the financial accounting system we need to complete the dynamic reporting and ...You may say I'm a dreamer....
Oh dear god, how I would love it if George Bush and Donald Rumsfeld got arrested and charged with war crimes. God, how I would love that. And I'm proud that Amnesty International USA is publicly calling for this to happen, and proud that Matthew Rothschild wrote that article about it. Those are the real American patriots, folks, the real true Americans. The ones who want to "see who branded this hideous scar into our American body" (Rude Pundit) and do something about it.
2 Comments:
We can dream, certainly. It'd be a beautiful day when they went on trial just like the Gang of Four in China: broken, shamed, the populace turning on them and shouting at them in the street...
By
david adam edelstein, at 9:10 AM
Yes, and then all their memos and press conferences will come back to haunt them in a court of law, and they will be found guilty of war crimes. And the judge will say, "But according to *your* rules, we shouldn't even *bother* charging you or marshaling evidence against you, should we? No, we should just put a bag over your head and drop you down in some festering hellhole forever. But luckily for you, the liberals took over again, so now you're getting due process and then you'll get to go to an enlightened prison with rehabilitation! Not that any of you deserve it."
By
Savannah, at 8:33 AMRental moving trucks are measured by their overall length. They usually vary from 10 foot all the way up to 26 foot. So how do you decide what size truck is right for your home?
How to Choose a Right Size Truck
Here are funny and creative tips for renting a moving truck. The smart way to make a self-move less hectic.
Funny Checklist For Rental Trucks
There are times when you have to move from one state to another. You hire a moving company to transport your household goods, but what to do with a vehicle.
Car Shipping Tips
For many families relocation is one of the most stressful events, for others is an exciting event. Here are some tips to organize the process and make your relocation a little easier.
How To Organize a Move
Every time you move, you want to protect valuable goods from any possible damage. Every extraordinary value item is should be appraised by professional before moving crew arrives.
Moving Antiques
Moving companies in Kingston, New York - Local Movers
Allways Self Storage Inc 85 Grand St # 85, Kingston, NY 12401 845-339-5676
C & J Self Storage 450 Old Neighborhood Rd, Kingston, NY 12401 845-382-1914
Deitz Self Storage 436 State Route 28, Kingston, NY 12401 845-339-9699
Extra Space Storage 119 Sawkill Rd, Kingston, NY 12401 888-786-7243
Mid-Huson Valley Self Storage 2087 Route 32, Kingston, NY 12401 845-255-5554Facebook share Tweet This Email this
Please enjoy these Adversity Quotes from the wise, the romantic, and the famous of the past and present.
Nearly all men can stand adversity,
but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
- Abraham Lincoln
Related topics: Values Honor Self
Our mettle is tested by storms,
not by calm.
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Adversity introduces a man to himself.
- Anonymous
True friendship is a plant of slow growth,
and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity
before it is entitled to the appellation.
- George Washington
Life is truly known only to those who suffer,
lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
-
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles
possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
- Albert Schweitzer
Be open to the goodness of life -
even in the midst of apparent adversity.
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Today, when the winds of adversity blow strong,
redirect their force into the
service of your highest intention.
-
God sometimes does try to the uttermost
those whom he wishes to bless.
- Mohandas (Mahatma) Gandhi
Adversity can crush our spirit -
or strengthen it - it is our choice.
- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
- William Arthur Ward
Show me someone who has done something worthwhile,
and I'll show you someone who has overcome adversity.
- Lou Holtz
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday.
You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
- Epicurus
Adversity is a great teacher, but this teacher makes
us pay dearly for its instruction;
and often the profit we derive,
is not worth the price we paid.
- Elizabeth Hardwick
Be moderate in prosperity, prudent in adversity.
- Periander
Adversity leads us to think properly of our state,
and so is most beneficial to us.
- Samuel Johnson
Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man;
but for one man who can stand prosperity,
there are a hundred that will stand adversity.
- Elvis Presley
Remorse sleeps during prosperity but awakes bitter
consciousness during adversity.
- Jean Jacques Rousseau
In prosperity, our friends know us; in adversity,
we know our friends.
- John Churton Collins
Adversity is the trial of principle.
Without it a man hardly knows whether he is honest or not.
- Henry Fielding
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful.
- Zig Ziglar
Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes;
adversity not without many comforts and hopes.
- Francis Bacon
Fire is the test of gold; adversity,
of strong men.
- Martha Graham
I think really what I'm saying is that I thrive on adversity.
- Richard Marx
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
- Charles Caleb Colton
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
- Victor Hugo
I'll say this for adversity: people seem to be able to stand it,
and that's more than I can say for prosperity.
- Kin Hubbard
Individually and collectively, Cherokee people possess
an extraordinary ability to face down adversity and continue moving forward.
- Wilma Mankiller
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Prosperity is the blessing of the Old Testament;
adversity is the blessing of the New.
- Francis Bacon
Something called 'the Oklahoma Standard' became known throughout the world.
It means resilience in the face of adversity.
It means a strength and compassion that will not be defeated.
- Brad Henry
There is no better than adversity.
Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss,
contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve
your performance the next time.
- Malcolm X
For gold is tried in the fire and acceptable men in
the furnace of adversity.
- George Santayana
Adversity is the state in which man mostly easily becomes acquainted with himself,
being especially free of admirers then.
- John Wooden
Adversity is like a strong wind.
It tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn,
so that we see ourselves as we really are.
- Arthur Golden
The good things of prosperity are to be wished;
but the good things that belong to adversity are to be admired.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Adversity, and perseverance and all these things can shape you.
They can give you a value and a self-esteem that is priceless.
- Scott Hamilton
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage.
In every defeat is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.
- Robert Collier
Constant success shows us but one side of the world;
adversity brings out the reverse of the picture.
- Charles Caleb Colton
He knows not his own strength that has not met adversity.
- Ben Jonson
In adversity remember to keep an even mind.
- Horace
For in all adversity of fortune the worst sort of misery is to have been happy.
- Boethius
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations.
It was hard for me to accept the success.
- Paula Cole
He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity.
- William Samuel Johnson
Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy;
many,
amid great affluence, are utterly miserable.
- Tacitus
It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood
of life to crimson splendor.
Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
- Horace
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater.
- William Hazlitt
The pressure of adversity does not affect the mind of the brave man...
It is more powerful than external circumstances.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Very often out of adversity that's when the best work comes.
- Tom Cochrane
I desire an special interest in your prayers that my
faith fail not in the day of adversity.
- John Hawley
In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider.
- King Solomon
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
- Aristotle
Remember the great adversity of art or anything else is a hurried life.
- Robert James Waller
Adversity is the first path to truth.
- Lord Byron
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
- Publilius Syrus
We see many who are struggling against adversity who are happy,
and more although abounding in wealth,
who are wretched.
- Tacitus
Good actions are a guard against the blows of adversity.
- Abu Bakr
A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
- King Solomon
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity.
- Golda Meir
Whatever changes the new era brings,
whatever new pathways we take,
I am sure that our special relationship with America -
forged in adversity,
will not change.
- Mary McAleese
We become wiser by adversity; prosperity destroys our
appreciation of the right.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
By adversity are wrought the greatest works of admiration,
and all the fair examples of renown,
out of distress and misery are grown.
- Samuel Daniel
Everything that I've ever been able to accomplish in
skating and in life has come out of adversity and perseverance.
- Scott Hamilton
Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache,
carries with it the Seed of an equivalent or greater Benefit.
- Napolean Hill
Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo
and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is
entitled to the appellation.
- George Washington
Adversity has the same effect on a man that severe
training has on the pugilist:
it reduces him to his fighting weight.
- Josh Billings
Thank you for visiting: Adversity Quotes and Sayings - Quotes about. memorable and nice birthday quotes for Mom to make her happy. Then we would like to introduce to you some memorable and nice birthday quotes for Mom that we have collected. These birthday quotes for Mom can be written in a card, a text message or in a social media post.
- If my life was a planet, my mom would be the one responsible not only for holding it together but also for spinning it around so that I would have generous dozes of sunlight’s warmth and the night’s peace. Happy birthday.
- Mama, you are the reason for whom this beautiful world has become visible to me. You are the most special lady to me. Enjoy your birthday.
- You are more than just a mother to me? you are my teacher, my strength, my guidance and my best friend. Thank you for giving me profusely every part of yourself. Happy Birthday, Mom!
- I can only imagine the pains of giving birth and of rearing your children until such time they grow up to become mature and responsible human beings. For this, I thank you. Happy Birthday Mother!
- A loving mother like you deserves to have fun during your special day. Happy Birthday Mom!
- No one can be as loving, supportive and protective as you. Happy Birthday Mom!
- Dearest Mother, you guided me and gave me your boundless love. On your birthday I wish you much peace and joy. May your day and year be filled with blessings, and be as wonderful as you.
- There is no velvet so soft as a mother’s lap, no rose as lovely as her smile, no path so flowery as that imprinted with her footsteps.
-.
-!
- an everlasting bloom in a wonderful garden where only love and beauty grows! Happy Birthday, dearest Mother!
- I know that the most special day in your life is my birthday. But today we are celebrating the most special day in my life – Your birthday. Happy birthday mom.
- In every smile, every tear and every cheer you were always there for me through the years supporting me and providing me with all the energy I needed in order to stand in the game called life. Happy Birthday Mom and thank you for everything!
- Happy Birthday Mom. Let’s spend more time together this year because I like having you near me.
- You are like a well polished diamond: you shine bright as a great MOM. Happy Birthday!
- I hope that the sun shines as brightly on you today as your love has always shone on me. Happy Birthday.
-
-
If you like these memorable and nice birthday quotes for mom, feel free to pick one to send to your patient mom. We believe that she will be very happy and surprised when she receives these memorable and nice birthday quotes for mom from you. Have a nice day!Power Phrases Lesson #3
All Power Phrase Lessons | All Russian lesson audio & mp3 downloads
Watch the video to learn how to say Thank You in Russian, then read a little bit about how I wound up doing what I’m doing…
One of my students asked me, once: What did it for you, Mark? Was it just the women that inspired you to really buckle down and study Russian?
My answer: I liken it to learning guitar.
Did I practice guitar for all that time just to impress girls? No. I was aware that girls often like musicians, so it was a factor, but I also just loved playing guitar. I think any musician would answer the same. And so it was for Russian. I was aware that even just muttering a few phrases like thank you or, where is the such and such, with my horrendous American accent even that got attention from Russian girls. But that wasn’t the main motivating factor. I really just liked the sound of it, and liked pronouncing it. In fact, I remember the exact sentence I heard where I said, That’s it! That was so cool! I am going to try to master this! It was this:
Миша, я хочу есть! Вон симпатичное место. По-моему здесь можно неплохо поесть, и тут не очень дорого.
Actually, I’m not positive if I’m remembering those first two sentences correctly, but that last one I’m more-or-less positive about. Man, six years later and I can still remember it! The lines are from a textbook and accompanying DVD I bought called LIVE FROM MOSCOW. A girl called Tanya is telling her boyfriend:
Misha, I want to eat. Over there is a nice place. I think here it’s possible to have a good meal, and it’s not expensive.
The way the words flowed, the sound of her voice. I played it over and over.
I doubt you are going to fall in love with the way I pronounce any of these Russian words, but I do hope the language grows on you. If it has, and you’re wanting to supplement my videos with another source, I recommend trying to find the FREE course Princeton University released on the web. I used to to have it, but when my hard drive crashed two years ago, it was lost (with a whole lot of other stuff.)
But it’s out there. If you can’t find it, let me know and I’ll get it from one of my students who has it. It’s free, it’s all digital, with textbook and audio files — and it’s excellent.
Ok, on to today’s video: Thank you in Russian
Cheers from Sevastopol,
Mark
Similar Posts:
- OK or Good in Russian
- How to ask in Russian: How do you say __ ?
- Power Phrases Final Review
- 25b Review of where, here, toilet in Russian
- Russian for: This is my __ This is your__V.NAGARAJAN D.Litt
A-402 Savitri Apartments
Buty Layout, Shraddhanandpeth, West Laxmi Nagar
Nagpur, Maharashtra 440022
nagaraja
VEDIC POLITY
11
EPOCH OF THE MANUS (contd)
During Tamasa's tenure, Jyotirdhama and others were members of the council of seven sages. They were luminaries, jyotis, who enjoyed a high status as intellectuals. Some of them might have been astronomers like Devala. The rise of Haris, a Vaishnava cadre loyal to Narada and of Viras, a Saivaite cadre needs attention..
Uparicara Vasu and Pancaratra Cult
Uparicara Vasu of Cedi conducted a sacrifice along the Satvata rites which abjured animal sacrifice. The seven sages, Marici, Atri, Angirasa, Pulastya, Pulaha, Kratu and Vasishta were present with their hair knotted in the Chitrasikhandi style. Kratu, the Valakhilya sage who had specialised tantric techniques for manufacturing tools and weapons presided over the rites.
Narada explained at this conclave that Narayana was the same person as Vasudeva whom Uparicara honoured. At this meeting the system known as Pancaratra (one expounded during five nights) was explained. According to this school of thought, Vasudeva, Samkarshana, Pradyumna and Aniruddha represented four vyuhas or mazes. Of course when this system was first announced only Vasudeva and his brother, Samkarshana were present.
Bhrgu mentions Narayana in the first chapter of Manusmrti but does not refer to any of the four contributors to the Pancaratra system which occupies a central place in Vaishnavaism. Bhrgu was not present at this conclave. It was attended by Kapila, the chief exponent of the Samkhya system of dialectics. Angirasa's 'son', Brhaspati, exponent of Lokayata was present. He disputed the validity of the postulate of a primordial divinity. The Satvatas and Vasus supported the new Vasudeva cult.
Narada's efforts to synthesize the Narayana and Vasudeva cults experienced unforeseen difficulties. Rshi Narayana was a senior contemporary of Manu Svayambhuva while Samkarshana and Vasudeva were considerably junior to him. Nara and Narayana had their abode in Badrika, Vasudeva had his in Svetadvipa.
This conclave brought the Vasus in the mainstream of social life and they were recognized as Kshatriyas following pastoral economy.
Release of Gajendra, the Pandya chieftain
The authorised chronicle, Bhagavatam, says that Hari saved Gajendra, the Indra of elephants from the mouth of a crocodile and that the incident took place during the tenure of Tamasa. The incident is cast in the area of Trikuta, a mountain in the midst of milk. Some identify it in the western ghats near the source of Krshna. It was a resort of siddhas, charanas, gandharvas, uragas, vidyadharas, kinnaras and apsarases. These mobile cadres followed different practices and had been invited by Hu-hu, a gandharva chieftain. Bhagavatam 8-2-3 does not mention the presence of yakshas, rakshasas and asuras or of devas. The enclave was not meant for the three sectors of the ruling elite or of their guards.
The different gandharva cadres who were highly mobile cadres and belonged to the free intelligentsia and also the uragas who belonged to the mobile sector of the industrial proletariat must have met to discuss issues pertaining to their orientations and ways of life.The enclave was not open to those who were not a part of this vast and varied mobile middle class.
According to the legend, Gajendra entered the beautiful valley and disturbed its denizens and was trapped. He was saved by Hari and both the elephant and the crocodile attained salvation (moksha), freed from the effects of the sins committed by them in earlier births. Behind this story of Gajendra's salvation lies a social issue that has eluded both medieval and modern thinkers. Indradyumna was a Pandya chief of the southern Dravida land.
After retirement he went to Kula mountains (Coorg?) to meditate in an abode where Agastya, the sage who was engaged in educating the local population came across him. The sage was offended by the indifference shown to him by that chieftain and cursed him (8-4-10). Meanwhile the gandharva chieftain Hu-hu who spoke a dialect not understood by many had offended Devala, a Vedic sage and been similarly cursed by the latter.
Kautilyan Arthasastra indicates (AS 14-3) that Devala was connected with tantric practices where incomprehensible sounds and syllables were used.
Devala appears to have advised Hu-hu to utter a highly potent verse (uttama-sloka) to be able to overcome the handicap that he was then suffering from. Devala, an associate of Kashyapa, had advised the gandharva chieftain to accept the authority of Manu Uttama who too did not take kindly to the orientations of the plutocrats (yakshas).
The move to assimilate in the dhio-prthvi core society, individual members from the other society, had begun during the tenure of Manu Uttama. Devala, an associate of Narada had embarked on this campaign. Arthasastra (14-3) mentions Savarni, Galava, Devala and Narada. Galava was the head of the council of seven sages during the tenure of Manu Savarni.
Savarni was held in esteem by the Valakhilya sages who were experts in technology. It may be noted here that when Rama went southward in search of his wife who had been abducted by Ravana,
Manu Savarni was stationed in the western ghats which were then treated as an extension of the Vindhya range. Savarni's daughter, Svayamprabha belonged to the cadre of apsarases, independent women. She was engaged in meditation (tapas). Rama did not meet either Savarni or his esteemed daughter, though his envoy, Hanuman, met her.
Hu-hu and his associates (gandharvas) were wary of technocrats (which nagas were) though they were intellectually-oriented. Indradyumna, like the technocrats who ruled Hastinapura (the city built by Hasti, elephant), was engaged in supplying elephants captured and tamed in the southern forests to the rulers of the north who were building palatial buildings and mobilising strong elephant contingents for their armies.
Agastya's name is associated with the killing of Vatapi, an asura (feudal chieftain) who owed loyalty to Hiranyakasipu, father of Prahlada. Vatapi pretended to be a hasti. It would appear that Vatapi became the centre for the spread of the new knowledge that the hastis (of whom Gajendra was one) had. Vatapi later came under the control of the Western Chalukyas and was burnt by the Pallavas of Kanchipuram.
Agastya might have had reservations about both groups the technocrats that the hastis were and the independent intelligentsia that the gandharva cadres were. He did not want the two to come together. Hari who brought about reconciliation between Gajendra and the Gandharva chieftain, Hu-hu belonged to a cadre that was loyal to Narada. Manu Tamasa had given Haris the status of nobles (devas).
In the thanks-giving verses (Bhagavatam 8-4-17ff) we come across references to Siva, Sesha, Brahma, Narada, Prahlada, Surya, Agni, Soma, Dharma, Kashyapa and daughters of Daksha. Surya, Agni and Soma represented the three social worlds (lokas), nobility, commonalty and the frontier society (divam, prthvi and antariksham). Siva, a tapasvi and yogi, was the charismatic head of the social periphery.
Sesha, an associate of Samkarshana, represented the mobile proletariat (sarpas) who were entrepreneurs, pioneers, engaged in building a new civilisation in the forests.
These verses refer to not only Brahma (the socio-political constitution), and to Satya (the rigid laws based on truth) but also to Dharma (the new legislation based on consensus). They refer to Narada and two of his studenta (Prahlada and Dhruva). All these personages and officials and the advocates of the constitution of the new society as well as the upholders of the then existing Vedic laws based on truth welcomed this reconciliation. Brahmarshis too were happy with it.This reconciliation resulted in the acceptance by all of the pranava (aum) as the symbol of this wide social unity.
Kashyapa who was said to have married three of the daughters of Prajapati Daksha was a highly influential Prajapati who advocated unity despite diversity and union without uniformity. This episode followed the Matsya, Kurma and Varaha episodes (avatars, incarnations of Vishnu, as commonly presented) and preceded the Narasimha episode, according to the commentators.
Prahlada and Narada Movement
Prahlada was given instruction in the principles (niti) and policy (naya) of political control (danda) and sent to be trained further by Sanda and Amarka, assistants of Usanas, the famous political grammarian, for further instruction. (Bhagavatam 7-5-2)
He was upset by the manner in which the concepts, sva and para, were used in dandaniti. The relentless pursuit of self-interest at the cost of the interests of others was not in tune with his psyche.
He even considered that renunciation was the best solution for his dilemma. However he was persuaded to concentrate on the studies of the three sections (trivarga), dharma, artha and kama. (18)
The syllabi in the school where students belonging to the nobility and the feudal order were educated differed in their approaches only on issues pertaining to polity. The two classes did not differ from each other on their outlooks with respect to ethics, economy and aesthetics.
The Bhagavatam does not hold that the asura orientation was against dharma. It was only against the concept of salvation (moksha) and renunciation (sanyasa). It was this-worldly.
Prahlada, son of Hiranyakasipu, was taught the four means (upayas), sama, dana, bheda and danda, before he was sent back to the king. These four means could be used by any ruler. But, when the king found that his son was impressed by the nine principles, hearing, singing etc. in gaining knowledge as advocated by the Vaishnavaites he was annoyed with the instructors. Sanda submitted that neither he nor his colleagues had taught Prahlada these methods of learning (7-5-28). He had obviously learnt these methods from elsewhere.
Prahlada was found to justify Varaha's action in killing Hiranyaksha (Hiranyakasipu's brother and general). It amounted to disloyalty to his own lineage. Sanda advised that Prahlada be kept in Varuna bondage, internment (and tied with ropes) till he grew up.
The Vedic official, Varuna, was said to adopt coercive methods like the feudal lords and deny the offender freedom of movement. Especially those who failed to discharge their duties and their debts (rna) would lose their freedom. It was correctional rather than punitive.
Sanda requested Hiranyakasipu to wait till his teacher (and father), Usanas returned. (7-5-50) The king asked Sanda to train Prahlada in the duties of a royal (raja) householder (grhasta). But Prahlada went about teaching his classmates the futility of materialistic life.
The rebel student thought that the entire education on dharma (humanistic ethics), artha (political economy) and kama (aesthetics), naya (policy), dama (control) and varta (economic occupations) was external (bahya) and that total surrender to the Ultimate (parama) was the best (7-6-26). He claimed that he had been taught this by Narada.
These teachings offered the opportunity of salvation (moksha) for allwhether nobles (devas) or commoners (manushyas) or feudal lords (asuras) or plutocrats (yakshas) or free intelligentsia (gandharvas) or free women (naris) or workers (shudras). They could be applied even in training animals and birds. Narada adopted a holistic and societal approach in his methodology for education. (7-7-53,54)
Narada's teachings were subversive of the orientations of every one of these groups but were intended to bring them all together on a common platform through a new emphasis in the methodology and objectives of education.
His educational campaign was built on a pattern similar to that of the kaumara-brahmacharis. It attempted to meet the challenges of lokayata by claiming that the souls of all were alike.
Prahlada was then a youth and could not be subjected to corporal punishment. He was accused of trying to cause division in his family and of having gone out of the rulers control.
Prahlada was to be punished by the civil magistrate, yama, (rather than be interned under orders by Varuna) who was empowered to punish those who committed prohibited deeds (7-8-5). This discussion is followed by the famous disputation between Hiranyakasipu and Narasimha.
After Hiranyakasipu was killed, Prahlada pacified Narasimha, the ferocious unarmed chief who led the militia drawn from free men, naras and was not satisfied with only killing his opponent.
He drew attention to the salvation of Gajendra (7-9-9). Prahlada might have accompanied Narada to the Trikuta conclave. Narasimha episode must have been post-Tamasa and coincided with the tenure of Manu Raivata.
Manu Raivata
As the tenure of Priyavrata as ruler of Barhismati ended, he was succeeded by Agnedhra and then by Ajanabhi who was a successful emperor but his reign was brief. Rshabha who took over the charge of the vast empire was more spiritual than temporal. However the Rshabha concept of state promoted authoritarianism even as that of Usanas did.
But like Manu Svayambhuva, he was held in esteem by the votaries of non-violence (ahimsa) and utter selflessness. Both the Sramanas and the Vratyas, the orthodox sect of Saivaites claimed him to have belonged to their respective school of thought.
Rshabha granted the asuras (feudal lords) a status next only to devas (liberal aristocrats). But the feudal lords demanded a status in order of precedence higher than that of the nobles. Earlier Manu Svayambhuva had consented to treat the plutocrats (yakshas) as upadevas. The famous stoic, Jatamuni Bharata was a disciple of Rshabha.
The death of Hiranyakasipu at the hands of Narasimha was followed by installation of Prahlada as a Prajapati. He was an associate of Angirasa, Pracetas and Narada. It is however improbable that Prahlada would have continued to patronise the Usanas school of polity. Raivata, the fifth Manu, was a chieftain from Madhyadesa, the region between Yamuna and Sindhu and between Narmada and Sutlej. Raivata is a river in the Vindhyas.
The Bhagavatam says that Arjuna, Bali and Vindhya were his sons. These rulers must have acknowledged his social authority. Kartavirya Arjuna of the Haihayas, Bali (grandson of Prahlada) and the people of the Vindhya region could have approved his policy of reconciliation among warring sectors. Raivatas father was a feudal chieftain controlling a fortress on the banks of Yamuna(Kalindi). He was accused of being irreligious. According to Markandeya, Raivata's mother, Revati, was brought up by a sage. The future Manu was brought up in the abode of that unidentified sage.
Raivata reversed Tamasa's step and revived the post of Indra and placed him in charge of the contingents of the nobles (sura-ganas). Their captains were former rulers (bhutarayas). They were drawn mainly from the masses and on their disbandment they had to stay in the social periphery. For the new labourers who had taken their place in the agricultural fields could not be thrown out of job.
There was no standing army. It was Mahadeva constitution that provided for a standing army. It must have come in force only after Raivata's tenure. Raivata appointed a vibhu, a charismatic leader of a large agrarian community as Indra. He did not belong to the nobility.
The Mahadeva constitution conceded that only an aristocrat (deva) should hold the rank of Indra. The general of the Kshatriya army too was to be from the aristocracy according to that constitution.
Vaikunta
The Bhagavatam links the periods of Raivata and his successor, with the concept of Vaikunta and the episode of the churning of the ocean by the asuras and the devas. Vaikunta was envisaged as a satellite of the earth peopled by warriors, suras.
Of relevance is the concept of lokaloka, satellite, a social world (loka) which is not totally autonomous and is but a commune (aloka) depending on one of the main social worlds. Vaikunta was such a commune dependent on the social world of nobles (divam). This concept was attributed to Vikunta, wife of Subhra, probably an astronomer.
The impact of a new knowledge regarding the utilisation of light (vidyut) for setting in motion a disc of fifteen spokes (representing or functioning for a fortnight (paksha) might have influenced the visionaries to suggest such a satellite. This concept was sponsored by one Aja. (8-5-28)
Churning of the Ocean: Struggle between Devas and Asuras
Raivata's tenure was coeval with that of Ajita whose father had been the head of a diffused polity (vairajam). (8-5-10)
In the form of a tortoise (kurma) he churned the 'ocean' to produce milk for the nobles (devas). He bore the famous Mandara mountain used for this purpose, on his back. Ajita might have been a follower of Kashyapa. (Kacchapa means tortoise.)
Mahendra and Varuna were both upset when they found that the feudal lords (asuras) had emerged more powerful than the aristocrats (devas) as they were able to secure secret plough-like weapons (sita ayudha) produced by the industrial proletariat (sarpas).
As counselled by the chief justice (Brahma), a joint endeavour to churn the ocean of nectar, to arrive at a compromise through prolonged deliberations on the right to permanent immunities (amrta), and distribute them was arranged.
These deliberations were visualized as a tug of war between the two sectors of the ruling class, the asuras and the devas. Vasuki, the chief of the mariners, was visualized as the referee who served as the rope (who gave them a long rope).
Vasuki was a member of the Vasudeva school of thought and was held in high respect by Krshna. The maternal uncle of the Astika (the Believer) who put an end to the notorious sarpayajna conducted by Janamejaya was a Vasuki.
Vasukis ranked lower than Vasus who were landlords and claimed a status equal to the nobles. Vasus were also a branch of the Ambha school of social thought that was prominent among the matriarchal Apsarases who lived in river islands and near lakes and ponds. They were delicate and yet had resilience.
The deliberations were given misdirection by the Hari Mohinis who pretended to be Haris and followers of Vasudeva Krshna. This misdirection benefited the devas and the asuras felt cheated.
Meanwhile the poison shed by Vasuki was swallowed by Siva. The anger of the class of the mariners who were outside the agro-pastoral core society was allowed to subside.
Keeping aside the story, we note how a major effort at division of the surplus produced by the maritime economy between the two rival groups of the elite, asuras and devas, was scuttled by the antipathy of the Vaishnavaites to the asuras and how the Saivaites tried to check its undesirable fallout.
While the Bhagavatam, a basically Vaishnavaite chronicle lauds the discomfiture of the asuras, it takes note of the objections raised by the Saivaites and is forced to acknowledge Siva's role as a notable act of willingness to sacrifice one's life for the welfare of all.
The battle that followed the fiasco was not a cakewalk for Indra and the nobles. It was tougher than the one against Vrtra Asura. It was a total war between Sakra Indra and Bali. The governors of the different social worlds or settled organized communities (lokapalas) stood by Sakra who was supported by Brhaspati.
The feudal lords, asuras had entrenched themselves in the social periphery when they were denied access to the surplus produced by the three social worlds, divam, prthvi and antariksham. The social periphery where exiles from the organized communities took shelter did not come under the political jurisdiction of Indra or of the economic codes determined by Brhaspati.
The asuras and rakshasas found the political grammarian, Usanas, sympathetic to their cause. Indra and Brhaspati had to face the arguments advanced by Usanas regarding the validity of the political edicts issued by Indra and the embargo imposed by Brhaspati on transactions with the feudal lords and chiefs of the periphery.
Bali was saved by Usanas. The Bhagavatam seems to have dilated on the battle described in Atharvaveda Bk.11. This episode may pertain to the period of Manu Sraddhadeva.
By the time Kurma Ajita encouraged the friendly tug of war, the churning of the ocean by the 'sons' of Kashyapa (who recognized both the groups, devas and asuras), Angirasa was already dead as 8-8-27 indicates. Kashyapa's dream to bring all groups together was shattered as the total war shows.
Chitraketu, the Vrtra Asura
We would not like to be swept off the ground by theology but would not also shelve events and episodes to realms of myths and miss their implications to social dynamics and social change. The Satvata conclave at Uparicaras sacrifice where Pancaratra system was expounded was a significant step at fusion but found no support from the Manus and Bhrgu or from the Pasupatas and Brhaspati.
As we trace the social dynamics behind the Chitraketu episode we have to be cautious about rebirth. The events began during the tenure of the fourth Manu, Tamasa and continued till that of the seventh Manu, Vaivasvata. A brief outline of the legend may be noted first.
Angirasa and Narada (two of the sages selected by Manu Svayambhuva as representatives of different sectors of the larger pre-varna Vedic society and appointed on the board of ten prajapatis, to compile the new social code, Dharmasastra and to re-organise the society along the four-varnas system met Chitraketu, a Vrshni ruler who had lost his only son following rivalries among his wives. He lost his ruler-ship too.
Under Narada's influence he became a follower of Samkarshana. He antagonised Siva whose consort declared him to be a Vrtra Asura, born of Agni and Tvashta. Meanwhile Brhaspati had parted company with Indra as the latter was discourteous to him. Indra was exposed to attacks by Asuras and requested Visvarupa, a Tvashta, for secret weapons.
Visvarupa was suspected of having given similar weapons to the Asuras also and was killed by Indra. Vrtra wanted to avenge this murder. Indra was able to procure the Dadhichi Vajra with which he killed Vrtra Asura. Indra was accused of having killed a Brahman and was sent abroad for penance. During the interregnum Nahusha (a serpent chief) held the post of Indra.
The dramatis personae are Marici, Bhrgu, Angirasa, Narada, Indra, Brhaspati, Agni, Chitraketu and his queens, his Tvashta mother, Manu, Siva and his consort, Parvati, Sesha or Ananta, Visvarupa, a Valakhilya, Dadhichi, the corpse of Kausika, and Nahusha.
The events are set against the periods of Tamasa, Raivata, Chakshusha and Sraddhadeva (Vaivasvata) and the scenes are laid in Madhyadesa between Narmada and Yamuna.
Tvashta Syndrome
Manusmrti treats the land of the Kurus, the Panchalas, the Matsyas and the Surasenakas (between Ganga and Yamuna) as the land of the new generation of sages known as Brahmarshis (MS 11-19) and the warriors of these lands as eminently suitable for being drafted to the army (MS 7-193). Bhrgu was aware that there were mixed classes (samkaravarnas) in these lands even as there had been in Brahmavarta (Sarasvati-Drshadvati basin).
Chitraketu was a ruler of the Surasenakas. Their kingdom was organized on the pattern of seven constituents, prakrtis (Bhagavatam 6-14-7). The political structure reflected the early paurajanapada pattern, the ruler, his wives, subjects (praja), amatyas, mantris, workers (bhrtyas), corporations (srenis), urban and rural boards (paurajanapada), owners-cum-administrators of lands (bhupa) and the princes (atmaja). This pattern was pre-Kautilyan and pre-Manusmrti. It was partly feudal and partly bureaucratic. It distinguished between executives (amatyas) and counsellors (mantris).
The agrarian lands did not come under the jurisdiction of the janapada. The economic corporations were not under the control of the paurajanapada boards or the executive. Similarly the paid employees (bhrtyas) were not under them. They had contractual relations with the srenis.
The (atmaja) who were born (ja) in the janapada and with personal rights and individual identities (atma) were distinguished from those to whom these (prajas) were extended later.
This late Vedic state had no standing kshatriya army (sena). It was protected by warriors who were volunteers (senakas). It had no treasury (kosa) either. It was a bureaucracy with autonomous urban and rural boards, rural administration in charge of agricultural lands and trading corporations engaging paid employees.
The population had two sectors, those who were individuals and claimed inviolable rights of nativity (atmaja) and those who had been granted such rights but were subjects (praja) of the state. The society was not classified on any other basis.
The Surasenakas were warriors but were not Kshatriyas. They were referred to as Kshatra-bandhu, a class closer to the varna of Kshatriyas but not initiated as Kshatriyas who were trained in the civil and military academies and granted the status of dvijas (twice-born).
The Surasenakas would have been corporations (srenis) of armed Vrshnis who had the status only of Vaisyas, being pastoral cadres.
Chitraketu was a kshatra-bandhu (6-17-13), a status higher than that of a kshatr, who was an agriculturist rather than a soldier and was distinct from the traders, Vaisyas. This was the status of Vrshnis, a pastoral cadre to which Krshna belonged.
Chitraketu had no sons and a ruler without male progeny was liable to be replaced and hence he was eager to beget a son. He was the son of an intellectual who had the rank of Agni and was a civil judge. Only Brahmans and Vaisyas were eligible to hold this post. His mother was born to a Tvashta (smith).
Like Takshas (carpenters) and Rathakaras (manufacturers of carts and chariots made of timber), the Tvashtas (blacksmiths) were independent professionals who could be Vaisyas but asked to be treated as Brahmans.
They were not given a status even between these two classes. Yet they were allowed the privileges due to dvijas. They were samkaravarnas and were avoided by the dvijas, Brahmans, Kshatriyas and Vaisyas. But these three classes were only at the formative stage when the Chitraketu episode took place.
Angirasa's visit to him was in the course of and connected with the duty assigned to him by Manu Svayambhuva. He was in charge of the new Kshatriya varna. He had to regulate their codes and determine who were to be admitted to that varna. Chitraketu accepted the orientation prescribed for the dvijas that one should beget a son who would discharge his debts to the three cadres, nobles (devas), sages (rshis) and elders (pitrs).
He requested Angirasa to help him perform the conventional sacrifice for begetting a son (Bhaga 6-14-26). But the male child was killed in an intrigue in the harem. Chitraketu's status became shaky.
When Angirasa met him he was entertained with food prepared in accordance with Tvashta practice. [Bhrgu cites (Manusmrti 4-210ff) orthodox views which disallowed Brahmans eating the food given by smiths or dealers in weapons or by a carpenter, taksha.]
Chitraketu's claim to the status of a dvija was not unchallenged. But Angirasa set aside these restrictions and accepted the hospitality, thereby declaring that Chitraketu was a dvija. He was a Brahmana (or a Vaisya) as his father was Agni.
This statement snubbed Saivaite detractors who held Chitraketu as a kshatra-bandhu. The Vaishnavaites emphasized paternal ancestry and claimed that he should not be rejected on his maternal Tvashta ancestry.
Angirasa too, like Bhrgu, into account both inherited qualities, paternal and maternal, seed and soil, and granted him the status of a Kshatriya, a status in between Brahmans and Vaisyas. The Vrshni chieftain was thus drawn closer to the Brahmavadis who were treated as but Vratya Saivaites. But the poisoning of the child led to his being deposed.Angirasa and Narada visited the king (6-14-61) who was bereaved.
Chitraketu was then the chief of a Gandharva city (agara) (6-15-23). It was not obligatory for gandharvas to beget sons. Narada might have taken interest in him because he was like the former a gandharva. The Vrshnis (to whose ranks Krshna belonged) seem to have been treated as gandharvas by orientation.
The discourses of Angirasa and Narada during the second visit merit notice. They bring out the differences in their outlooks. They were in the guise of Avadhutas (6-15-10). Angirasa put forth the Sramana view while Narada emphasized the new Gandharva outlook.
Prakrtivada
Angirasa instructed Chitraketu on the impermanence of life. The body of the child was created by a body (of the father) from a body (of the mother) and the body was composed of material elements which were permanent. This view denied the soul any role in the birth and growth of the child, that is, in the process of evolution. It may be called prakrtivada, materialism, which is attributed to Angirasa Brhaspati.
It treated distinction between individuals and communities (jatis) as artificial and incorrect (6-15-8) The Avadhuta emphasized the permanence of matter and not of the soul. As sattva, rajas and tamas, are traits of the soul and as there is no (proof of existence of) soul, varna and other distinctions based on these three gunas are artificial, he argued.
To avoid the impression that Angirasa and Narada were (closer to) Sramanas, the editors add that they were great sages like the Kumaras, (Sanatkumara etc.) Rbhu, Durvasa, Devala, Asita, Vyasa, Gautama, Markandeya, Vasishta, Parasurama (Bhagavan Rama), Kapila, Yajnavalkya etc. (6-15-11 to 15).
The names of those included in this list of teachers and of those omitted from it are both significant. Those who were closer to Saivaism were treated to be similar to Sramanas in their views. It seeks to establish that it was not Brhaspati but Gautama who was Angirasa's ideological heir on the plane of philosophy.
Badarayana, an associate of Parasurama and Vyasa was eager to establish that Angirasa and Narada were in the mainstream of the Samkhyan tradition which emphasized the permanence of both matter and soul, of both prakrti and purusha.Angirasa explained that he had not changed his views since his earlier visit to Chitraketu. The Sramana thought had its origin in the outlooks of the technocrats (nagas) and industrial workers (sarpas) with whom Angirasa had cordial relations.
Chitraketu was accorded a status equal to that of a Kshatriya though he belonged to a gandharva cadre. His mother, a Tvashta, belonged to the frontier society of technocrats, artisans and workers while his father, an Agni, to the pastoral sector of the core society. Both the parents were intellectuals.
Kautilya treated Brahmanas and Sramanas on par. He was a believer, a positivist (astika) though he used the concept prakrti and followed the samkhya system of dialectics. Prakrtivada however did not accept asuramaya, which rejected the permanence of both matter and soul.
Gandharvamaya considered equality of all as illusory while accepting the concept of permanence of matter. The postulates of the existence of the soul and of its permanence are not established according to samkhya dialectics.
Sesha and Vidyadharas
Narada did not accept the permanence of matter. It is the soul which is reborn. It is permanent. It may be born again anywhere, not in the same lineage necessarily. It is not sound to claim that a son is a father reborn. Hence the question of being indebted to the ancestors does not arise, the gandharva sage argued. Even Manu Svayambhuva had to soften the traditional emphasis on the three debts. The gandharvas who are childless have to be accommodated.
Chitraketu wanted to be declared a Brahman but Angirasa could not oblige. Only Bhrgu could admit new members to the class of Brahmans, not even Vasishta. Narada recommended that Chitraketu should follow the thoughts of Vasudeva, Samkarshana, Pradyumna and Aniruddha (6-16-18). The Bhagavatam composed long after this episode had failed to take note of the fact that Pradyumna and Aniriddha arrived on the scene after this episode and not earlier.
After meditating on Narada's suggestion, Chitraketu approached Sesha (6-16-29) who was an associate of Samkarshana. Sesha was visualised as a personage lotus-white in colour, wearing a dark-blue costume, a crown, armlets, a belt and bracelets, smiling but with red eyes. He was both gentle and ferocious (6-16-30). He was surrounded by siddha-isvaras who had attained fulfilment in their high objectives and were charismatic and benevolent chieftains. He was described as a jagat-guru, a preceptor whose students belonged to the social universe of various gandharva cadres.
Sesha was a vigraha (icon) according to the social code (sastra) of the Satvatas of Madhyadesa who were vegetarians and followed the Pancaratra cult expounded by Vasudeva and Samkarshana. He was also described as the endless, Ananta and as the invincible, Ajita.
Ajita was placed in the period of Manu Chakshusha (8-5-9) and as an offspring of Viraja (the head of a federal social polity) by a protg of the nobles (devasambhuti). Deification of the living was started by the Satvatas, it may be inferred.
They accepted all who were endowed with the trait of gentleness (sattva) as Arya. (6-16-43) This should have become possible because of Naradas new Gandharva outlook.
Chitraketu was in search of an ideology that would accept him on par with the Brahmans. He opted to follow that of Sesha, an aggressive Vaishnava cult introduced to him by Narada, a gandharva prajapati. He was recognized as the chief of the Vidyadharas (6-16-49).
There were two groups of Vidyadharas, sthira and chara, stationary and mobile. [This system is adopted by the institution of spies, chakshus.] The mobile Vidyadharas were counterparts of the Saivaite charanas (scouts).
Association with the radical mobile group of Vidyadharas led to his coming in conflict with the Saivaites. He condemned Siva as being a shameless hedonist given to lust. As a roaming Vidyadhara he had undertaken to chastise others though he was no longer a ruler entitled to take the delinquents to task (6-17-1).
Under the leadership of Samkarshana and Sesha (Ananta), an aggressive Vaishnavaism sprouted in Madhyadesa, especially among the Vasus. While Samkarshana was a champion of agriculture, Sesha was a technocrat, naga, and pioneer who encouraged entrepreneurs. Superiority was claimed on the basis of expertise in specific fields (vidya). The Vasus had exceeded the limits proposed by Kapila and Narada.
They took law into their hands without formal sanction by any authority Brahma (the chief justice who stood by the Atharvan socio-political constitution) or Bhrgu (the chief editor of the Dharmasastra) or the Kumaras (especially Sanatkumara, the advocate of Prthu constitution) or Manu Svayambhuva (or Raivata?).
One of the Vasu groups, Vidyadharas, was roaming about chastising others. Siva was not perturbed by these adventurists. But his consort, Parvati, declared Chitraketu as an Asura. Thereby his immunity as a Vidyadhara was withdrawn. He came to be known as Vrtra-asura, one who could be exterminated as a feudal chief cut off from all privileges and immunities.
Bhrgu was an anathema to the followers of Samkarshana, who were peasants but did not hesitate to take to arms. They claimed that they were establishing a new social order based on merit rather than birth. It was a repudiation of varnasrama dharma.
Atharvaveda Bk.3 episode features Vasus, Agni and Vrtra-slaying Indra. This episode was cast in Revati, the capital of Samkarshana, a Vrshni. In Atharvaveda Bk.8-9, the Saddhyas were found to be recognized as Kshatriyas.
The Vasus claimed that they were a politico-intellectual elite entitled to chastise others. They were essentially landlords. The Saivaite proponents of Dandaniti and the advocates of Dharmasastra were both offended by this claim. The Vasus were asked to look after pasture and to keep away from agricultural lands. But this directive could not be easily enforced.
Indra and Visvarupa
Indra (of one of the dhio-prthvi dichotomous states which had adopted diarchy) had offended Brhaspati and the latter left the assembly of nobles (sabha) in anger, the Bhagavatam says. This break between the son of Angirasa, Brhaspati, and Indra deprived the latter of control over the treasury (rajyalakshmi, sura) and the armoury.
By this time, Usanas, a prominent political grammarian had consented to be the preceptor of the feudal lords (asuras). His rival, Brhaspati, an economist, was the guide of the liberal nobles (devas).
This situation prevailed during the period of Prahlada and his son, Virocana which coincided with that of Manu Raivata. Indra was isolated. Indra (of Revati) was advised to approach Visvarupa, a vipra (free-lance scholar) and son of a smith (tvashta).
Indra was however warned that he could not get the support of Visvarupa, without an amount of risk. Visvarupa could not be expected to place his expertise at his exclusive use. Indra would have to tolerate his activities. (6-7-35)
The young technocrat who claimed the status of an independent scholar and counsellor (vipra) was offered the status of a purohita (political counsellor who took care of the interests and progress of his student). He accepted it in self-interest though such counselling as a profession was reproached. A vipra was required to give free counselling and guidance.
Visvarupa collected the Vaishnavaite vidya (works on technology that were available with the schools patronised by Prajapati Vishnu) and gave it to Indra (6-7-39). These were special war-techniques including weaponry known to the followers of Samkarshana. Indra asked for Narayana-Akhyam or shield that was previously known to Kausika who died in the desert. It had a magnet that could pull down any flying vehicle. Chitraratha, the gandharva, was said to have had such a vehicle. He had learnt the science of seeing without being seen (chakshushi, spying in common parlance) from Manu (Chakshusha).
This Manu had learnt it from Soma (a follower of Atri) who was a Vedic official in charge of the industrial frontier society of forests and mountains.
Kausika was a Valakhilya, an ancient Rgvedic group known for mysticism and tantric practices. Another Valakhilya requested Visvarupa to throw Kausikas bones in the eastern river, Sarasvati. Valakhilyas must have emigrated from the western Sarasvati basin to the eastern. Visvarupa discovered the magnetic shield implanted in Kausika's body and kept it with him.
The Tvashtas who had been trained in the secret techniques of weaponry by the Valakhilyas (many of whom were emaciated yogis) made secret weapons and sold them to the aristocrats (suras, devas) as well as to the feudal lords (asuras, daityas). Like Visvakarmas they were professionals.
Indra suspected that Visvarupa had let him down and killed him. Thereupon, Indra was accused of having killed a scholar (Brahman) who had immunity against death penalty.
Tvashtas were Atharvans. Atharvaveda was called Brahma and its followers claimed to be Brahmans. Visvarupa was a Vidyadhara who held that knowledge was power. Chitraketu whose mother was a Tvashta had become a chief of Vidyadharas Tvashtas called upon Chitraketu to avenge the killing of Visvarupa.
Battle against Vrtra-Asura
Meanwhile, Chitraketu had been declared as a vrtra-asura, one who resorted to coercive methods like a feudal lord and was liable to be exterminated without being given any opportunity to correct himself.
Indra had lost the advantageous position and sought the help of Dadichi, a scholar belonging to the Sarasvati region, to secure a weapon which would be effective against the vrtra-asura. The battle between Indra and vrtra-asura took place on the banks of Narmada.
Chitraketu was supported by Sambara (the head of the confederation of feudal lords), Namuchi, Dvimurdha, Ayomukha, Rshabha, Hayagriva, Samku-sira, Puloma, Viprachitti, Vrshaparva, Heti, Praheti and Utkala. Of these, Namuchi, Sambara, Puloma and Viprachitti fled from the field. (6-9-55). Pulomas who belonged to the sector of technocrats claimed the patronage of Kashyapa. Dvimurdha too was approved by him in the Viraj allegory. Sambara had twice trounced Dasaratha of Kosala. Namuchi was later killed by Rama.
Viprachitti, a scholar who misguided others was associated with Bali and later got exonerated. Praheti and Heti are mentioned in Arthasastra 14-3.
Vrshaparva's daughter was a colleague of Devayani, daughter of Usanas who taught science of political control (dandaniti) to all including Asuras. Vrshaparva had a soft corner for Yudhishtira. Hayagriva has been held in esteem by Vaishnavaites. Not all the opponents of Indra were undesirable persons though they supported Chitraketu who was exhorted by the Tvashtas to avenge the killing of Visvarupa.
Indra was supported by Rudras, Vasus, Adityas, Maruts, Saddhyas, Asvinkumaras, Rbhus, Vahinis, Vrshnis and Visvedevas. Vrshnis and Vahinis are the new cadres that are found to have claimed a status equal to the other cadres recognized as devas by Manu Svayambhuva and Manu Vaivasvata. The alliance is similar to the one in the battle described in Atharvaveda 8-9.
The battle between Indra and Chitraketu, the Vrtra-asura, took place in the beginning of the fifth year of the house of nobles (devas) during the tenure of Manu Sraddhadeva (Vaivasvata).
According to the kalpa system after four years some members of each cadre would retire and some others from that cadre would take their place. Some others might have been permanent members of the house of nobles.
Purandara Factor
Purandara was Indra then. The Bhagavatam notes that after Vrtra was killed, Indra was advised to perform penance for having killed a Brahman (who had the right to pronounce judicial verdicts). Marici and other sages were then present. Some Atharvans had claimed that Chitraketu, the Vrtra-asura, was the son of Agni and was later a vipra who assisted the judiciary in counselling all on social conduct. Purandara's action was unilateral and high-handed.
During Purandara's absence Nahusha, an artisan (a sarpa) was appointed to function as Indra. Some provisions of Trisamdhi must have been invoked for this purpose. The nobles were never prepared to give up their claims to the post of Indra. Purandara did not act under the orders of Manu or as a missionary implementing Parvatis angry pronouncement. He functioned on his own. He killed Virocanas sister and confiscated Balis wealth. It is not necessary to read any allegory in his destruction of a hundred forts.
Atharvaveda and Bhagavatam do not say that Purandara destroyed Vrtra-asura. But this has been posited here on the basis of the reference to kalpa and yuga mentioned in the Bhagavatam. Purandara might not have been Sakra Indra. Was he a Haihaya?
Parasurama was against the Haihayas who killed his father, Jamadagni. They were neo-kshatriyas patronised by Atri. The traditional nobles (devas) and Rajanyas did not like their authority being restricted by Brhaspati. They wanted monopoly of power and the subordination of the experts to state authority. Brahmarshis and Brahmavadis were both against unbridled political power.
Dadhichi, a champion of the superiority of Brahmans, was a rival of Prajapati Kshupa, a champion of Kshatriya. While the Saivaites revered the former, the Vaishnavaites hailed the latter. Kshupa might have played a significant role in the installation of the seventh Manu, Vaivasvata.
Skanda Purana describes the battle between Dadhichi and Kshupa, as one between Saivaites and Vaishnavaites, rather than as one between Brahmans and Kshatriyas, between the judiciary and the executive. This event must have belonged to the period of Manu Vaivasvata. supremacy.
Chakshusha
The Bhagavatam (4-13) treats Chakshusha as a descendant of Dhruva. Markandeya described him as Ananda, the foster-son of Vikranta. Vamana Purana describes him as an illicit son of a Tusita woman.
Like Svarochisha Chashusha was under a cloud. His tenure was coeval with that of Virocana, son of Prahlada. It was also marked by an uneasy truce between the devas and the asuras. The two collaborated in the utilisation of natural resources and of knowledge of science.
Some held that Vena was a descendant of Chakshusha. This Manu might have ignored the excesses of Vena. The Vaishnavaites did not favour his orientations and searched for a new Manu
Rajarshi Satyavrata: Manu Sraddhadeva: Vaivasvata
Bhagavatam 8-24-58 says that King Satyavrata by th grace of Vishnu became in this kalpa, Manu Vaivasvata. 8-24-11 says that in this maha-kalpa, he became the son of Vivasvan and was known as Manu Sraddhadeva and was placed in the position of Manu by Hari.
That Sraddhadeva was Vaivasvata is corroborated by the Mahabharata and other works. The editors of the chronicles like the Bhagavatam were confused about the chronology. It was their own making.
During the epoch of the early Manus that lasted less than a century, some of the activists belonging to the cadre of Haris inducted by the fourth Manu, Tamasa as nobles (devas) took the initiative in installing Satyavrata as Manu Sraddhadeva. He replaced the sixth Manu, Chakshusha. Sraddhadeva was a protege of Vivasvan, an eminent Prajapati and intellectual aristocrat (devarshi) and general.
Vishnu who was then the Viraj, head of the federal social polity of Virata, an open and essentially pastoral mega-state to the west of Yamuna, was supported by the general (Surya), Vivasvan. He accepted the recommendation of Vivasvan and extended the tenure of Sraddhadeva. During his second tenure the seventh Manuwas known as Manu Vaivasvata.
Vishnu, the Viraj, must have been similarly given a second tenure and recognized as Purusha (a ruler who had tenure of twenty to twenty-four years). Neither as Viraj or as Purusha Vishnu participated in battles. He was a socio-political leader. So too Manu was not a warrior though he was a retired Kshatriya ruler. Vivasvan however led troops.
Satyavrata was a Pandya ruler. This ruler of a southern state was paying oblations on the banks of Krtamala (Vaigai or Tamraparni) when a fish got into his hands. The editors of the Bhagavatam comment that it was like the fish (matsya) which destroyed Hayagriva and saved the Vedas. The Pandyas have sported the matsya flag. The goddess of their capital, Madurai, is known as Meenakshi, one whose eyes resemble fish. The northern state of Mathura with which Krshna was associated was known as Matsya.
Krtamala flows into the gulf of Mannar between South India and Sri Lanka. The ebb and flow of the sea was pronounced here. Along with seven sages Satyavrata, the saintly king who had taken the vow to abide by the laws based on truth, boarded a boat from there, carrying seeds and herbs, on a mysterious voyage. They took along with them some men and other beings.
[It was not another Noah's ark. We would avoid the temptation to declare that the concept of Flood associated with Manu's expedition was but a myth modelled on the Biblical episode. Several ports and coastal towns are noted to have gone under the sea or the seas to have receded from ports.]
It was a coastal voyage directed by a senior mariner Vasuki. Even the editors of the Bhagavatam could not believe that it was possible. During the voyage, Satyavrata was instructed on what was expected of him.
According to Bhagavatam 8-24-50,51 Rajarshi Satyavrata was selected as the new Manu because the sages were sorely disappointed with the previous incumbent under whom materialism flourished. This ruler was taught Samkhya and Yoga and how to apply their methods (8-24-55).
In Bhagavad-Gita Krshna claimed that he had taught Rajayoga to Vivasvan and that the latter had taught it to Manu and Manu to Ikshvaku. As a Rajarshi, Satyavrata had resolved to abide by Truth (8-24-60).
Sraddhadeva has been claimed to be associated with Janaka Siradvaja of Mithila. We are unable to trace the cause of the disenchantment with Manu Chakshusha. He was earlier known as Prince Ananda. It must have been connected with his association with the Vidyadharas and Charanas who were more interested in the secret forces of nature.
The upper hand which the asuras and other groups of the frontier society had gained over the aristocrats, devas, after Usanas became their preceptor led the orthodox sections long for adoption of an aggressive approach. Purandara Indra and Prajapati Kshupa had a hand in it while Kashyapa called for an inclusive approach.
Manu Sraddhadeva had his headquarters at Gaya where Galava met him. Galava who had influence in the southern peninsula later became the chief of the council of seven sages during the tenure of Manu Surya Savarni. The eminence of the seven sages led by Kashyapa made Manu Vaivasvata more famous than Manu Svayambhuva himself. He was the first Manu from the south. His ascent was a watershed in the history of India.
His tenure witnessed the liquidation of Vrtra Asura and the final battle against asuras when Bali was overthrown and exiled from Aryavarta. It also witnessed the revolt against Vena and the installation of Prthu, a peasant, as a king. It was also the period when Krshna came to the fore and the internecine war between the Kauravas and the Pandavas took place.
We are constrained to hold, setting aside all conventional notions, that most of the events pertaining to the so-called incarnations (avatars) of Vishnu took place during the decades of the seven Manus (Svayambhuva, Svarochisha, Uttama, Tamasa, Raivata, Chakshusha and Vaivasvata) and their successor (Surya Savarni) were in office.
Varaha, Narasimha, Vamana, Parasurama, Rama and Krshna were eminent personages who belonged to this short epoch. They could not have been separated from one another by millennia or even centuries.
From Svayambhuva to Vaivasvata it was an age of renaissance, resurgence, turbulence and reconciliation. It was short but momentous, almost incredible that many eminent personages, rulers as well as sages strided the stage within such a short span.
Manu Surya Savarni
The editors of the Bhagavatam attempted to trace the history behind what had become legends by their own times. Though far closer to the days of those events than we are, they were bogged by the different versions of those events then in vogue. The most important hurdle was the issue who the first Manu was, Svayambhuva or Vaivasvata. They accepted that Vaivasvata was not the first Manu. He was the seventh Manu but the earliest Manu of the present age, manvantara, the school of Bhagavatam said. There was another personage who too was claimed to be the son of Vivasvan (Surya). He had his seat in the western ranges.
Savarni had collected around him a council of exiles, as it were, from north India (Aryavarta). Galava, Diptiman, Parasurama, Badarayana, Rshi Srnga, Krpa and Asvattama were the seven sages of his council (saptarshi mandalam). Bali (son of Virocana and grandson of Prahlada) who had been expelled from Janasthana in the Narmada valley was his Indra. Bali was assigned jurisdiction over the area known as Chitrapada, the abode of the chitras, a branch of gandharvas, who were known for their mastery over fine arts.
Bali seems to have been stationed in areas south of River Krshna and to have come in conflict with a powerful administrator of that region who claimed to be functioning on behalf of the great emperor and head of the confederation of states, Chakravarti Bharata, and was a disciple of Rshabha, an authoritarian but stoical ruler who had renounced power and become a recluse.
Badarayana (editor of the Bhagavatam and the Brahma-sutras) was an associate of Vyasa, who had sired the two Kuru chieftains, Dhrtarashtra and Pandu, whose sons, Kauravas and Pandavas fought against each other at Kurukshetra. Krpa and Drona had taught both these feuding youths. Drona had married Krpa's sister. Asvattama was the son of Drona. While Drona got killed in that battle, Krpa, Asvattama and Badarayana survived.
Parasurama had taught warfare to Karna, a step-brother of the Pandavas. Karna too fell in the battle. Soon after that battle, Parikshit, the sole surviving son of Kuru, was installed as ruler of Hastinapura. Krpa became his political counsellor, purohita.
Parasurama, son of Jamadagni, who joined Savarnis council had been exiled from north India for having demilitarised several states. He was defeated in a duel by Rama, son of Dasaratha of Kosala. Rama was taught by Vasishta and Visvamitra who along with Kashyapa, Atri, Gautama, Bharadvaja and Jamadagni were members of the council of seven sages during the tenure of Manu Vaivasvata. Drona was a student of Bharadvaja.
Galava who headed Savarnis council was a student of Visvamitra. Rshi Srnga, a sage revered by the industrial proletariat (sarpas) was insulted by Parikshit for ignoring him. Parikshit was killed by Takshaka, a devotee of Rshi Srnga and protg of Kashyapa. Diptiman might have been associated with Pradyumna, nephew of Krshna and also been a member of Krshna's ministry.
When Rama went southward in search of his wife who had been abducted by Ravana of Sri Lanka, Savarni was in the western range and was Manu. Rama however did not meet either Manu Savarni or Bali who was his Indra. He learnt about Bali's exile and the role of Vamana in it from Jambhavan, a chirftain of Rkshas, who was a witness to that event. Kara who had been appointed as governor of Janasthana after Bali was deposed was killed by Rama.
Galava had already established himself in the south and is mentioned by Kautilya in Arthasastra 14-3, along with Devala, Narada and Savarni.
SUMMING UP
The British and European Indologists of the period 1750-1950 failed to interpret the features of the social polity of Ancient India correctly. The causes for this failure have been brought out in this book and other books of this compilation. We cannot however pardon the Indian scholars of that period who had uncritically toed the lines of the western Indologists while interpreting ancient Indian writings. We have to set right the study of Ancient India.
Let us steer clear of all notions that promote racial and cultural divides and also the ones based on religious and caste prejudices. Let us also stay away from fields like deism and spiritualism, metaphysics and theology while describnig the passage from the pre-Vedic social polity to the post-Vedic social system. Let us keep away from all biases and prejudices and adopt a rigorously rational approach to the study of Ancient Indian social polity.
Vedic Polity presents the picture of the issues that were faced by the sages of that period which was going through transition from the laws based on Rta to the laws based on Satya. Both these social frames preceded the social laws that are known as Dharma which came to prominence only by the end of the Vedic era.
The laws that accepted the inevitability of subordination of the weak to the mighty and exploitation of the poor by the rich and the struggle for existence and the theorem of survival of the fittest and mans conduct being directed more by his innate traits than by any cultural value and nurture are covered by the concept of Rta.
It implied that men's responses to the socio-physical environ that they have at any given time are but natural ones and are not to be found fault with.
Of course man is afraid of those who are unknown to him and of the mightier. He however exhibits empathy for those who are weaker and are suffering thogh he may not be always able to help them out.
The permissive laws of the pre-Vedic and early Vedic periods prevailed when everyone was a law unto himself. Primal anarchism characteristic of individualism delayed the emerging of a credible state. It validated that individualism which was reflected in the pithy remark, I am Brahma.
It was not recognition of one's identity with the Ultimate. To put it in plain (but not banal) terms, mans first response to his environ was marked by his inability to comprehend it rather than surprise or awe. He was alone and there was none but him. He was afraid as he was alone.
It was not too long to secure a companion and then a clan to give him security and a community that would guide and control his conduct vis-a-vis that of others in his social environ. Clans (kulas) and communities (jatis) of those who were born (jana) in the local areas framed their own rules of permitted acts and proscribed ones based on their past experiences.
These have later been referred to as kuladharmas and jatidharmas. Kuladharmas and Jatidharmas got reinforced as time passed on and became impregnable and immutable. These have been in recent times referred to as Adidharma, the first among the social codes to emerge.
Adidharma took into account mans nature and the fact that not all are alike. Neither mens nature nor their nurture has been uniform. Hence very little of mans life could be regulated according to Rta. Diversities are bound to be present and Adidharma acknowledged this fact. But aspects of mans conduct that could become uniform and had to be uniform to ensure the security of all the members of the clan were brought under rigorous scrutiny and code of dos and donts.
These were not formulated by any council of intellectuals or promulgated by any state. Every clan and every community was autonomous but their members could no longer assert their individual identities and preferences and embark on any personal pursuit. Men might have all been born free but they were not born alike. All of them were however destined to obey their clans and communities. It is extravagant to claim that all of them were in chains, though born free.
All beings, both human and non-human can be classified on the basis of the predominance in them of one of the three traits, gentleness (sattva), aggressiveness (rajas) and inertia (tamas). To be precise every one of these three classes can be further stratified on the basis of whether those assigned to that class have higher levels of that trait or medium levels or are in the lower levels.
This leads to nine tiers and the four or five cadres included in a tier can also be similarly stratified. Over forty cadres have been identified and stratified by the editors of Manusmrti. It is significant that none of these cadres bear the nomenclatures of the castes identified by the western scholars and the British government of India.
Modern caste system cannot be traced back to the social polity of the Vedic times or even to the numerous mixed classes (mentioned in Manusmrti) that had the traits of more than one class and whose vocations were distinct from the ones permitted to the basic varnas.
The dichotomies, rich and poor, mighty and weak, pious and impious, talented and non-talented, clever and foolish are too simplistic to be more than a rough guide, in recognising the true calibre of an individual. It may however be noted that in the era when the laws were based on natural moods, Rta, most chieftains were marked by the predominance in them of the trait of aggressiveness (rajas). They fought with one another for supremacy and terrorised the gentle but intelligent (sattvik) as well as the inert and ignorant (tamasik).
The mighty ruled the roost. There was no state and no constitution. The law of fishes (matsya-nyaya), by which the larger fish swallowed the smaller and grew further, prevailed. What prevailed in any area was autocracy and if there was no person who could control all others anarchy prevailed.
The agro-pastoral core society of the plains (prthvi, bhumi) had two major strata, a small rich leisure class whose needs were met by the vast working class. The members of the rich liberal cultural aristocracy were referred to as devas. They were not gods. They differed from the aggressive chieftains who were referred to as asuras. They were not demons. Both belonged to the power structure of the core society and were pitted against each other. Most of the commoners (manushyas) opted to support the liberal nobles. This feature of polity has continued to this day.
This dichotomy between the rulers and the commoners and the one between the two sectors of the ruling class of the agro-pastoral core society can be noticed also in the other society of the frontier region of forests and mountains which followed industrial economy. Interdependence of the two societies was slow to emerge. While feudal lords and liberal aristocrats were engaged in settling the issue of who should control the core society, within the frontier society the class of technocrats emerged as a rival to that of the ruling plutocrats.
Aristocrats (devas) of the core society and plutocrats (yakshas) of the frontier society wielded economic power and socio-cultural influence while the feudal lords (asuras) and the technocrats (nagas) had political power.
Within the ruling class of the core society a liberal wing emerged in due course as some of the ruling class found that they could lead a more comfortable life with the willing support of their servants (dasas) than by coercing them. Feudal warlords resorted to coercive methods while the cultural aristocracy won the support of the workers through its liberalism and policy of patronage and friendship.
As the ruling elite split, the cultural aristocrats, devas constituted themselves into an assembly (divam, sabha) that controlled the finances that were contributed by individual nobles and by the commoners, especially the rich among them through ritualistic voluntary sacrifice (yajna).
The more aggressive chieftains, rajanyas, elected the head of the state from among themselves. It was often preceded by violent conflicts among the aspirants. But the rajan, who claimed to be the head of the state, could not have access to the state treasury.
The intellectuals and the elders who had retired from economic activities supported the liberal aristocrats and were given a share in the offerings given voluntarily by the landlords. These intellectuals (rshis) and retired elders (pitrs) who were associate members of the assembly (sabha) of the nobles (devas) later became members of samiti, the house of legislature.
The two bodies and their members, nobles, sages and elders (devas, rshis and pitrs) who were three classes not engaged in economic activities looked after economy, social relations and cultural activities while political power was vested in the hands of the aggressive chieftains (rajanyas) and their head, the rajan. They procured their requirements through coercive methods from the commoners (manushyas) who were engaged in economic activities
The powers of the chieftains whose leader claimed to be the head of the state, rajan, were checked effectively by the two bodies, sabha and samiti, which admitted to the native agro-pastoral community individuals who were members of the other sectors of the economy and other areas.
This larger community whose members had the status of prajas elected their own head, prajapati. He became the convener of the two houses of the legislature, sabha and samiti. Their heads, designated as Indra and Agni, respectively had more influence than the rajan who claimed to be the head of the state but did not enjoy popular mandate.
The insistence that the members of the two bodies should arrive at unanimous decisions, after deliberating the issues threadbare and that their decisions would be binding on all members were the salient features of the Rshabha constitution. The chief of the people, Prajapati, who was an elder (pitr) was likened to the bull which protected the herd of cows. The Rshabha who did not resort to violence was however able to resiat violence and protect his gentle folk against all threats.
The middle Vedic period witnessed transition from the permissive laws (Rta) which conceded that every individual should be free (svatantra) to pursue his way of life including choice of vocation, companion and goals of life to the highly puritanical laws that required everyone to take a pledge to abide by truth (satya) and non-violence (ahimsa).
Those who were not entitled to take this pledge as they were ignorant of its juridical significance were advised to abjure perjury and get legal protection. The two classes were called satyavratas and na-asatyas, respectively. They were instituted as Aryas and Dasas and later as Vaisyas and Shudras. These laws also guaranteed right to life and personal property.
The earlier laws of the Rshabha constitution enabled the state, that is, the Prajapati, who was the head of the council of elders to control all property and all movements on the ground that protection of life was the most urgent need in the face of atrocities committed by feudal lords (asuras) and inimical aliens.
The new laws under the Viraj constitution made Prajapati, the chief of the people and head of the two legislative bodies (sabha and samiti) subordinate to the Viraj who was to be elected by a larger body of heads of families, purushas and their consorts, stris.
Lest the patriarch, Prajapati, should become an authoritarian figure the eight-member executive appointed by the house of nobles was placed under the supervision and guidance of the benevolent mother-figure, Aditi, who enjoyed the power to pardon the penitent while supervising the implementation of the ten strict rules of permission and prohibition (niyamas and yamas).
The Viraj constitution was democratic but continued to be puritanical. Viraj, the head of the state was free to extend his authority over areas beyond the agro-pastoral plains (prthvi) and its commonalty (manushyas) and the ruling class of nobles (devas). He was required to wipe out the undesirable feudal elements (asuras) who had taken shelter in the peripheral (parija) areas.
Aggressiveness (rajas) was thius externalised so that the nobles (devas) and the commoners (manushyas), and the sages (rshis) and elders (pitrs) were free from state control while the four sectors of the core society protected one another.
Most regions had a thirty-three member house (sabha) of nobles (devas) and a council (samiti) of sixteen intellectuals who were also jurists (Brahmans) and sixteen elders (pitrs) who had retired from all economic activities.
Indra, the head of the thirty-three member sabha was also the head of the army and the treasury and the eight-member executive. Agni, the head of the council (samiti) was alsos the head of the sixteen member civil judiciary and ranked next to Indra, the head of the executive which represented the eight large social sectors.
Both these officials were subordinate to the Prajapati, the head of the council of elders and convener of the bicameral legislature. He was the chief of the people of the enlarged society but was subordinate to the Viraj, the head of the federal society with eight social sectors (rashtra) and five state units, the city (pura) and the four regional bodies (janapadas) around it.
In many areas the samiti functioned under Brhaspati who was an economist (expert in varta) and controlled the treasury and the armoury and ensured that the civil society comprising the nobles and the commoners remained unarmed. He was for laws that protected life and livelihood and property. Indra lost control over the army as its training and deployment was placed in the hands of the official designated as Aditya and the armoury in that of the civil authority, Brhaspati. This weakened the liberal aristocrats (devas) in their objective of wiping out the intransigent feudal lords (asuras).
Brhaspati was a champion of the bourgeoisie and wanted to prevent the aristocracy (divam) from violating the policy of the state dictated by the ideologues-cum-activists (Brahmavadis) of the Atharvan school. While other sages (especially the Brahmarshis who were theoreticians and social philosophers) outlined the socio-cultural constitution implicit in the Rgveda (and Yajurveda and Samaveda), the Atharvans (Brahmavadis) outlined the two sections of the politico-economic constitution, dandaniti and varta.
Indra-Brhaspati agreement upheld laws that pertained to economic transactions (vyavahara) while Indra-Agni diarchy was concerned mainly with moral values and ethics. Both laws and both alliances were functioning within the framework of the laws that gave primacy to commitment to truth (satya).
Indra-Brhaspati alliance that bound both the nobility and the commonalty, the two strata of the agro-pastoral core society was a corollary to the triple entente, Trisamdhi, which brought together the three social worlds (lokas), aristocracy (divam), commonaklty of the agro-pastoral plains (prthvi) and the industrial society of forests and mountains in the frontier areas (antariksham).
There was an effort to bring together all the three sectors of the ruling elite, liberal cultural aristocrats (devas), autocratic feudal warlords (asuras) who were after political power and the plutocrats (yakshaas) who sought economic power. The agro-pastoral terrains were controlled by the liberal aristocrats (devas) and the distant lands in the fotests and mountains by the plutocrats (yakshas) and the periphery between the two by the feudal lords (asuras).
While Trisamdhi aimed at bringing the three sectors together and ensure peace through the Blue-Red policy called Indras Bow with a blue interior signifying and encouraging brotherhood and a red exterior signifying determination to exterminate the intransigent elements (vrtras) who were a threat to the innocent.
Social integration was achieved through granting the plutocrats (yakshas) the status of devatas marginally lower to that of the aristocrats (devas). The reformed feudal lords (asuras) were acknowledged to be senior (jyeshta) to the nobles (devas) and granted the status of patriarchs and elders (pitrs). Some of them were recognised as benevolent, chatismatic chiefs (isas and isvaras) mainly of the social periphery inhabited by former tillers and ex-servicemen who lived as discrete individuals (bhutas).
The agrarian proletariat (Shudras) and the mobile industrial proletariat (sarpas) were placed on par and granted equal rights which were also exrended to the unorganised population of discrete individuals (bhutas) and dropouts from the two societies (agrarian and industrial) and residing in the periphery (parija) that had come under the control of the feudal lords (asuras).
There were many individuals and cadres who were not engaged in economic activities and who were not settled communities. They were treated as members of social universes (jagats). They claimed and were granted the right to move freely in all areas and pursue activities that were needed for the spread of education, moral values and culture. But they were not allowed to till the lands or to dig them for minerals.
The larger commonalty had three sectors, natives (jana) of the core society settled in plains (bhumi) as clans (kulas) and native communities (jatis), people with privileges and immunities (punya-jana) who were mobile individuals and cadres and were not under the political control of any authority or economic influence. These cadres and individuals aided the ruling classes as intellectuals and administrators and also manned the army, the police and the independent rural bureaucracy.
The commoners of the other industrial society who were not settled communities but were organised corporations (srenis) and guilds (samghas) and were controlled by the plutocrats (yakshas) were referred to as the other native people (itara-jana). The organised settled communities and ranks were referred to as social worlds (lokas) and the unorganised mobile populations as social universes (jagats). The implications of these factors for Vedic social polity have been underlined for the first time in this treatise.
The Vedic polity also witnessed the emergence of the two classes, the landed gentry and traders who had personal property and political franchise and the working class who had no property and no rights. The two classes were earlier called Aryas and Dasas and later as Vaisyas and Shudras. Both belonged to the commonalty (Vis) governed by the aristocrats or by the feudal lords or by the plutocrats.
From the social universe (jagat) comprising gandharvas, apsarases, vipras, vidyadharas, charanas, chakshus, tapasvis, siddhas etc and who had diverse non-economic orientations and pursuits the two classes, Brahmans (who were jurists and intellectuals) and Kshatriyas (who were administrators or warriors) emerged. Even as the class of workers had no personal property these two classes too had no personal property.
After the ruling class of aristocrats (devas), plutocrats (yakshas) and feudal lords (asuras) was wound up all these four classes, Brahmans, Kshatriyas, Vaisyas and Shudras were granted right to property, personal freedom and political franchise. All the four were treated as Aryas, This was a later Vedic and early post-Vedic development. However the Vedic era witnessed an effort to secure freedom for the bonded labourers (dasas), who served the nobles (devas).
Kashyapa who headed the council of seven sages during the tenure of the seventh Manu, Vaivasvata and an Atharvan ideologue-cum-activist identified eight large social sectors, feudal lords (asuras), liberal nobles (devas), sages (rshis), elders (pitrs), commoners (manushyas), plutocrats (yakshas), the cadres who were privileged and were engaged in spreading wholesome cultural attitudes (punyajana like gandharvas) and the mobile industrial class (nagas and sarpas). They were all human beings. None of them were supernatural or celestial or preternatural beings.
He recognized all of them as eligible for protection by the state. Only intransigent rebels (vrtras) were kept isolated and denied protection by the state and the rest of the larger society. This larger society was based on the principle of union without uniformity, unity despite diversity and union that ensured autonomy of every unit. Such a social polity was called virajam. It was antithetical to the Rshabha constitution that ensured that no individual was away from the watchful eyes of the patriarch, Prajapati. who headed the polity and controlled the entire economy.
Indra, Agni, Vayu, Soma, Varuna, Mitra, Daksha, Yama, Dhanada, Apa, Parjanya, Prthvi, Aditya etc were the designations of the officials of the Vedic polity. While most states had eight members drawn from this list in the highest executive the personnel and their specific roles differed from time to time and from region to region.
They were not gods of the Vedic times nor did their roles reflect either polytheism or pantheism. Of course, the Vedic sages were not adherents of monotheism or monism or dualism. These theological schools came into existence long after the Vedic times.
The Vedic society did not worship Brahma, Vishnu and Siva as gods. The concept that they represented the aspects of creation, protection and destruction came to the fore only long after the Vedic times.
Brahma was the designation of the chief justice who outlined, interpreted and implemented the Vedic constitution, referred to as Brahma and enshrined in the Vedas, especially in the Atharvaveda. But the Vedic polity did not have an independent chief justice.
Law which was based on the inviolability of truth (satya) was interpreted by the intellectual, Agni and ion many places by Brhaspati who was referred to as Brahmanaspati. Varuna, Yama and Daksha were other officials implementing the provisions of the laws and ensuring order. Of these Varuna was the ombudsman, regent during interregna and trustee of all property other than acknowledged personal property. State had no property and the state was not the property of anyone.
Vishnu was a senior Prajapati who was a Virat and also Purusha, which were two distinct socio-political ranks. Siva was a yogi associated with the frontier society as Rudra and with the society of the periphery as Isvara, a charismatic, benevolent personage.
These officials represented different social sectors of the larger polity. Ordinarily Indra, Agni and Soma represented the three organised social worlds, nobility, commonalty and the frontier society of the forests and mountains. Of significance is the role of Varuna. He was highly powerful and ensured that all abided by the unwritten socio-political constitution, Brahma.
Many jurists (Brahmans), especially the followers of Bhrgu were unwilling to honour the provisions of the Indra-Brhaspati pact that was in effect an alliance between the aristocrats and the bourgeoisie for they found it violative of the Kashyapan policy of recognising the right of every sector to follow its traditions.
These jurists and the other sectors were warned not to protect the rebels who had spurned the hand of friendship offered by this pact which vested political authority in the hands of Indra, the head of the aristocracy.
This pact negated the authority of the Rajan as the head of the State and of the Prajapati as the Chief of the People and the head of the bicameral legislature. It made Indra, the head of the political executive abetted by the bourgeoisie ride roughshod over the legislature and the will of the people. It vitiated the objective of Trisamdhi to ensure social integration through a policy of compromise without bowing to recalcitrants.
Mahadeva constitution attempted to bring all the eight social sectors together by ensuring that the new small integrated viable nation-state would meet the economic needs of all the sectors. It permitted the chieftains of every unit to elect the Rajan, who would be the head of the state and the oligarchy of five Rajans who headed the administration of the city and the four janapadas to elect the Viraj.
But this electoral body and its head and also the Viraj, head of the federal state, were subordinate to the Prajapat, Chief of the People, who alone enjoyed the mandate of the entire eight-fold nation (rashtram). He was also made head of the army and the executive. The Prajapati was the head of the nation-state.
Mahadeva constitution brought into existence in every region four state institutions, the house (sabha) of nobles (devas) headed by Indra, the army (sena) of recognised and trained Kshatriyas headed by Aditya, the council (samiti) of intelllectuals and jurists (Brahmans) headed by Agni and civil administration including economic affairs and treasury (sura) headed by the Atharvan economist (Brhaspati).
Like the electoral body of Rajanyas and their head, Rajan, all these four bodies and their heads were subordinate to the Prajapati, the only authority with popular mandate. These heads and the Rajan had equal status. The two patterns of diarchy, Indra-Agni and Indra-Brhaspati were fused in this system. Aditya was in charge of the army and Indra, the head of the aristocracy and that of the eight-member executive would have no control over the army and the main bureaucracy.
The bourgeoisie whose spokesman, Brhaspati was no longer in a position to intere in affairs pertaining to national security. All the three authorities were advised not to interfere in matters pertaining to social laws which were under the exclusive jurisdiction of Agni. Agni could however not interfere in affairs pertaining to polity and economy which fields were under the jurisdiction of Indra and Brhaspati respectively.
Fifty such small viable nation-states spread over the entire sub-continent were brought into rxistence with the consent of their local populace. Mahadeva was the chief of this nation comprising two confederations of twenty-five states. Each confederation, chakra had five circles (mandala) of states and each circle had five states (rajya) under it.
The protection of the state against external enemies and internal dissidents was in the hands of Aditya but he was subordinate to Prajapati, the chief of the people. Neither the aristocracy nor the judiciary nor the civil administration and economic bodies could dictate terms to Aditya, the head of the army and the assertive bureaucracy. Not even the Rajan, the nominal head of the state could undermine this arrangement.
While the continuing conflict between the liberal nobles and the authoritarian feudal lords was brought to a halt by allowing the latter to control the social periphery and the collaboration between the feudal lords and the plutocrats was ended by absorbing the latter in the house of peers and giving them a voice in economic affairs, the collusion between the head of the state (Rajan) and the chief of the army (Aditya) could not be wished away,
This collusion characteristic of militarised polities, whether headed by autocrats or conquerors or charismatic chieftains did not hatm the lives of the populations of their states. It however resulted in violent conflicts among states and struggle for control over the mandalas and the chakra.
Parasurama, a Bhargava, tried to end these wars by disbanding the armies of the states. No state should seek to expand its territory. Every state should be stable without any state expanding its jurisdiction It should be kutastha, Manu Svarochisha had directed. Parasurama, himself an expert in martial weapons called upon the rival chieftains to settle their disputes through personal duels or through dice.
Aryavarta (North India) had five circles of five states each. Their heads were designated as Samrats. A Samrat was required to settle the disputes among the members of his circle and function as the highest arbiter in all civil cases. Many of these states were demilitarised by Parasurama leading to anarchy. He was indicted and exiled from North India by Kashyapa an influential Prajapati who became the head of the council of seven sages during the tenure of the seventh Manu, Vaivasvata.
The Mahadeva constitution which was kept in abeyance was repudiated by influential rulers of the Ganga basin for it did not provide for any mechanism that would prevent the Prajapati who was a charismatic personage with immense powers from becoming an authoritarian head of the nation-state.
In the vacuum created by the retirement or death of the five samrats (emperors), Marutta, Mamdhata, Bhagiratha, Kartavirya and Bharata, Jarasamdha, ruler of Magadha stepped in and took into custody all the fifty heads of states whom he had invited for his assumption of power. He claimed to be a follower of the Mahadeva constitution.
I have pointed out that the events connected with the several incarnations of Vishnu should be interpreted rationally.
The concept of the law of fishes (matsya-nyaya) has been linked to the experiences of Rajarshi Satyavrata of the southern Pandya kingdom. He was one of the first rulers to depart from the laws of Rta and opt for those based on the inviolability of truth (satya). The concept of collaboration between the liberal aristocrats and the ambitious feudal lords and the conflict between the two are connected with the policies adopted by Kashyapa (Kacchapa, tortoise) to build integrated states taking into account the need for ensuring the autonomy of all the eight social sectors.
Kashyapa later became the chief counsellor of Manu Sraddhadeva or Vaivasvata who had earlier been Rajarshi Satyavrata. Both these moves must have received the approval of Vishnu, a Virata-Purusha. The concept of Purusha, a social leader with control over sixteen fields of administration, received a jolt when Adoksha Varaha, leader of a confederation (chakra) who was engaged in retrieving the areas that had become marshy in order to rehabilitate the nobles and the sages who had been forced to emigrate was challenged by Hiranyaksha, a feudal chieftain.
The latter was overcome and killed. However his brother, Hiranyakasipu, who followed the political policy outlined by Sukra, a Bhargava and champion of the concept of benevolent despotism came in conflict with the school of Narada who advocated that every man should be free (a nara) and be master of his own destiny. As Hiranyakasipu's son, Prahlada, preferred Narada's teachings to those of Sukras, Narasimha, a champion of the freedom of man (nara) was constrained to kill the despot.
Both these events like the first two (and the fifth) took place outside the Ganga-Sindhu basins which were known as Aryavarta.
The fifth incarnation of Vishnu is related to the setting aright the constitution of the autonomous Janapada, free from the distortions made by Bali, grandson of Prahlada, and ruler of Janasthana in the Narmada valley in with the aid of Usanas.
Vamana pointed out how Bali and Usanas had dispossesed the independent aristocrats (sva) and rich plutocrats (bhuva) of their lands and wealth and appropriated them. Others who had personal lands lost them to the state which claimed right to all lands (bhumi). Bali claimed to be establishing in a social welfare state. Vamana retrieved the lands and wealth of these three social worlds (lokas) and restored them to their rightful owners.
Then he took three steps to put down the despot and ease his counsellor, Sukra (Usanas) out of his academy.
By his first step Vamana restored to the members of the three social universes (jagats) of gandharvas, kimpurushas and kinnaras the right to move in all areas and to settle down in any area and pursue any means of livelihood other than cultivation. By the second step he restored the three state institutions, legislative council (mahaloka), the assembly (janaloka) of the representatives of the natives and the academy of researchers (tapaloka). Bali and Sukra however had not dared to wind up the judiciary (satyaloka), the seventh and highest political body.
By his third step Vamana relieved Bali of the three trust funds (vistapas) that Bali had illegally taken over. Everyone was expected under the pre-Vaivasvata constitution to spend one-fifth of his earnings each for meeting his social (dharma) obligations, the economic needs (artha) of his family, his obligations to his wife (kaama), his dependents (svajana) and his ventures that would yield him benefits (yasa) in the long run. It was a period when both the orientations, commitment to truth (satya) and treading the path of social good (dharma) were honoured.
This scheme did not provide for taxes (kara) or surrender to authorities what the latter demanded (bali) or voluntary sacrifice (yajna) to meet the needs of the non-economic classes. Bali with the connivance of Usanas took charge of three funds meant for dharma, svajana and yasa and did not use them for the purposes they were meant. Vamana forced Bali to surrender these funds so that they might be kept in safe custody and utilised for the socio-economic purposes (social welfare, social security and economic progress).
Vamana set the crooked rod of power (rajadanda) straight. It may be pointed out here that this act of Vamana to get Bali exiled and Sukra punished for his distortion of the laws based on commitment to satya codes has not been comprehended in the proper spirit before it was put across by me in my 1988 dissertation on the Evolution of the Social polity of Ancient India
But Vamana did not stay back to introduce a new socio-political order. Elements loyal to the feudal orientations continued to vex certain pockets and the cadres like gandharvas were not permitted to settle down as organised communities and the new pattern of agricultural co-operatives introduced by Vamana was prevented from functioning on the basis of equal distribution of the earnings. It was left to Krshna to step in to complete his mission.
The period of transition from inviolability of the laws based on truth (satya) to the liberalism that marked the legislation based on the principles of consensus and availability of diverse approved social options, that is, to the social laws called dharma was coeval with the period of the first seven Manus. The final century of the long Vedic era that ended with the retirement of Manu Vaivasvata was marked by the issues that the Manus and the sages close to them had to face.
Svayambhuva, the first Manu, was the head of a small community on the banks off River Sarasvati before he became its Prajapati and a member of the board of Prajapatis that discussed issues pertaining to the concept of Dharma and its provisions. Svayambhuva was in charge of this task before he was elevated to the position of Brahma, chief justice who was required to implement the socio-political constoitution, Brahma. Manus were expected to have functioned in this post before they were elevated to the higher rank from which they could amend the constitution as required to get new needs.
An outline of the contributions of each of these thinkers, Manus, and the circumstances in which these liberal provisions were introduced from time to time has been presented in this treatise. While the reified laws of clans and communities, later called kuladharmas and jatidharmas, were referred to as the original Dharma, Adidharma, the laws that were consented to by Manu Svayambhuva and his council of seven sages have been referred to as hhallowed Sanatana Dharma.
It is also referred to Srauta Dharma, implicit in the Vedas (Srutis) which were transmitted by oral tradition. The authoritative texts of Sanatana Dharma are not yet available. The text of Manusmrti or Manava Dharmasastra which is now available is a version doctored by the British governors of India to suit their requirements. It was called the permanent legislation, sasvata dharma and is a version attributed to Bhrgu, a confidante of the first Manu. It was however given assent by the seventh Manu, Vaivasvata and his council of seven sages. It is also known as Smarta Dharma and is more liberal than the earlier Vedic code whose features can be only inferred by the application of samkhya dialectics.
Manu Vaivasvata proposed a constitution by which every region had two bodies of legislature paura and janapada, which were urban and rural councils. All those who paid one-sixth of their earnings as tax (kara) were eligible to expect protection of their lives and property. Both the commoners of the agro-pastoral core society and the dwellers of the forests and mountain tracts and moors were admitted to the status of prajas. They were subordinate to the king, Rajan.
The paura-janapadas were democratic bodies which took decisions after deliberating on the issues concerned. It is interesting to note that Manu Vaivasvata introduced the debating pattern of svapaksha and parapaksha, by which both sides of every issue would be considered by the king and his counsellors before arriving at the solution.
The assembly of nobles had as in the past representatives of the traditional cadres of nobles, Maruts, Vasus, Rudras and Adityas who took care of the four sectors, the nobility, the commonalty, the frontier society and the eight-member executive. It included Visvedevas who represented the commoners, especially the rich landlords and bourgeoisie and Asvinidevas who represented the working class. It would appear that with the democratisation of the sabha, the council (samiti) of scholars lost its relevance.
As pointed out by Kashyapa, Prthu constitution tried to remove the distortions made in the Rajarshi constitution by his predecessor, Vena. This despot was burnt to death by his subjects who were instigated by the Bhrgus, a branch of the Atharvan school of polity. Its main branch was headed by Angirasa who was the chief of the council of seven sages during the tenure of the second Manu, Svarochisha.
The Rajarshi constitution was introduced by the Rudra school of thought of which the most important spokesman was Samkara. It envisaged a dynamic and sober scholsr as the head of the state. The provisions of this constitution of an agro-pastoral state have been brought out for the first time. It required the state to protect all social orientations, dharmas and to function as a bridge between them, dharmasetu. It called for openness in state affairs and refused to grant immunity to any official including the king, the head of the state.
He could become a conqueror (as ekavira, the lone warrior) but could not have access to the state army. No one was permitted to have a private army. The principle of one-sixth of the produce and of earnings as tax (kara) due to the state was introduced by this constitution for the first time. It did not acknowledge hereditary monarchy or charismatic legitimacy claimed by conquerors. The king was elected by the people most of whom were agriculturists. Prthu's was a secular state.
SELECT BIBLIOGRAPHY
1. Atharvaveda Translation by W.D.Whitney
Text by Dayananda Samstha
2.Rgveda Translation by Griffith
Text by Dayananda Samstha
3.Bhagavad-Gita Translation by Dr.S.Radhakrishnan
Text and Translation by J.Goyandka for Gita Press
Text and Translation by A Kuppuswami Iyer
Text and Translation by B.G. Tilak
4. Manusmrti Text and Translation by G.N. Jha
Translation by Wiiliam Jones
Translation by Buhler
Translation by Burnell
5. Kautilyan Arhasastra Text and Translation by Shama Sastry
Text and Translation by R.P.Kangle
6. The Upanishads Text and Translation by Dr.S.Radhakrishnan
Translation by Swami Nikhilananda
7. Bhagavatam Text and Translation by Bhakti Vedanta Trust
Tamil Translation (Sridharan Company 1914 ff)
8. Vedanta Sutra Text By Dr.K.L.Daftari 1943
9. Brahmasutras: Swami Vireswarananda (1977): Ramanujas Commentary
10. Vedanta Sutra Max Muller Translated into English by G.Thibaut 1904
11. Mahabharata Text by Gita Press, Gorakhpur
Text by Pandit Kinjwadekar Pune (1932)
Tamil Translation by M.V. Ramanujacharya (1908ff) (14 Vols)
12. Valmiki Ramayana Text by Gita Press, Gorakhpur
Tamil Translation (based on Govindacharyas commentary by C.R. Srinivasa Iyengar (1984) (3 Vols)
13. Skanda Purana Tamil Translation by A.V. Sivan (1893)
A-402 Savitri Apartments
Buty Layout, Shraddhanandpeth, West Laxmi Nagar
Nagpur, Maharashtra 440022
nagarajaErrica Earrings
Rs. 499.00
These are handcrafted shell work earrings with hand embroidered base and white shell bead detailing.These are super light weight statement earrings and you can wear them to brighten up any outfit.
Size:7 cm
More Information: The materials used for our jewelry are generally mixed metals, non-precious gemstones or acrylic materials unless we specify otherwise.
Proudly made in India with love!
Discussing a really good but neglected Fritz Lang picture
If you follow this blog regularly, maybe you were able to pick up on the theme for the posts for the past week: John Carradine, Joan Bennett, Roddy McDowall, and a noir directed by the great Fritz Lang.
That was all a tease and lead-up to this: I am a guest on the latest episode of the Forgotten Filmcast podcast hosted by Todd Liebenow. We discussed Fritz Lang’s 1941 movie Man Hunt, talked about lots of things including the making of the movie, the stars, cool scenes, sources and remakes and much more, so please give it a listen, and check out the show regularly, always an entertaining podcast.
Click here for more details and listening links for Forgotten Filmcast ep 42 Man Hunt.
There are no major spoilers so you can safely listen if you haven’t seen the movie. Man Hunt was a fine pick for a forgotten picture since I, big Lang fan that I am claim to be, only recently discovered and reviewed it as part of the monthly Mad Challenge.
Forgotten Filmcast Ep 42: Man Hunt
6 thoughts on “I’m a Guest on The Forgotten Filmcast”
From video to radio. There ain’t nothing she can’t do! Really a nice job. Well versed on the topic. Congrads.
Wow thanks so much, how does George’s song go, what the woman can’t do can’t be done, haha. Not that I would ever say such a thing about me! mind you, it just reminded me of that… Thanks for checking it out and for the compliments, much appreciated, glad you recommended this movie to me too. 🙂
I’m listening to you and Todd now – great podcast! Manhunt is such a good film, and you’re both doing it justice.
That’s great to hear! Thanks so much and I have to say if it’s half as much fun to listen as I had chatting with Todd then it’s all good 🙂 great host (as you know ) and I had a swell time.
Todd is such a good host. You can throw any genre of film at him, and he comes to the interview prepared and enthusiastic. I hope he remembers us little people when his show is picked up by a multi-national media conglomerate.
🙂 that’s right! He made it a fun and comfortable conversationFirst point of business is that ‘said’ should be used to convey clarity, not as confetti. There’s a school of thought that suggests said can become invisible to the reader but once again it is the rule of repetition: a repeated word creates emphasis. If said is becoming invisible to the reader then in all likelihood they’re skipping lines. This doesn’t mean we can’t use it regularly but using for ever line of dialogue can be an easy trap to fall into and, personally, I find it quite annoying. You may disagree and you’re welcome to but we need to be aware of the risk when we write.
So what do we use instead of said? There are a variety of words we could use: exclaimed, observed, muttered and so on. Once again we can risk overusing these words too and, as always, we’re looking for the right word for that moment and sometimes said is the right word.
Simply because we don’t want to overuse said doesn’t mean we need to cut out the attribution which can have the disastrous effect of creating confusion because the reader loses track of who is speaking. This can lead to them having to count lines to work out who is speaking which would lead to an unsatisfying reading experience. People might say the characters’ voices should be so different that they don’t prose to tell the reader who’s speaking. But having no attribution causes the reader to read the lines faster and the faster they read the easier it is to lose track of who is speaking.
Slowing the reader down is the other purpose of attribution. We may want to cut it down or out to make them read faster, perhaps during an argument or banter, but people don’t tend to speak in rapid succession in all their conversations. They said or other attribution creates a pause in dialogue and we can manipulate that pause with how much description we have.
Description can also create attribution. For instance, we may describe a character’s body language in the place of said thus indicating who’s speaking and offering the reader a chance to interpret subtext. The character may be saying one thing but their behaviour implies something else, it might even imply that they are lying. Too much of this can also become confusing so we have to find our balance which once again depends on our style. We have to experiment to find what works best for us.
Unfortunately I can’t tell you what works best for you I can only suggest techniques for you to experiment with.
For examples of using description of body language as attribution try reading an episode of my Weekly Serial.
For more writing advice see my Advice Page. For more on the basics of writing see Finding Your Toolbox.
NOTE: Each article series comes in five parts published between Monday and Friday. Check back tomorrow for the next part.
One thought on “He Said, She Said, They Said…”
Exactly right. When reading, I find attribution of every line ponderous and unnecessarily annoying. I stick them in as appropriate for guideposts to keep the characters straight. Two similar characters might need more frequent attribution, while two very dissimilar characters would require less.
I enjoy reading these!
LikeLiked by 1 personFord was pleased with the sales of its new China-only Taurus sedan last month. But slumping commercial-van sales hurt the Blue Oval's overall result. Image source: Ford Motor Company
Has Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) hit a wall in China? The Blue Oval's sales in the world's largest auto market slipped again in May.
What Ford said
Ford has two joint ventures with local automakers in China. Changan Ford Automobile (CAF) builds and sells mostly familiar Ford passenger vehicles, and Jiangling Motor Company (JMC) produces commercial vehicles including some of Ford's Transit vans. CAF sold 67,055 vehicles in May, roughly flat from a good result a year ago. But JMC's sales fell 4% to 19,692 vehicles.
Ford also sells some vehicles in China that are made elsewhere and imported. Sales of imported Ford models fell 45% to 1,501 vehicles in May.
For the most part, Ford doesn't break out sales of specific models in China. But its statement about May sales noted that it sold over 8,500 examples of the Edge SUV, while sales of an all-new (and so far, exclusive to China) version of the big Taurus sedan totaled "nearly 2,500" last month.
A slump in commercial-vehicle sales is hindering Ford's growth efforts
Ford's China operation started the year strong. But May was the
An industrywide slump in commercial-vehicle sales has played a big part in Ford's sluggish sales in the last few months. A massive construction boom that lasted for several years has faded, and contractors and tradespeople aren't getting as much work -- and thus aren't buying as many new vehicles.
As in other parts of the world, commercial vehicles are an important component of Ford's business in China. The slump has hit JMC hard: Its sales are down 12% year to date, dragging down Ford's overall results.
But Ford's retail offerings have continued to do fairly well. CAF's sales are up 11% year to date, driven by strong results for Ford's crossover SUVs. Chinese buyers, like their counterparts in Europe and the United States, are migrating away from sedans in favor of car-based crossover SUVs.
Ford's strong global SUV lineup has helped it sustain gains in China -- but at the same time, competition (and pricing pressure) has been fierce as domestic Chinese automakers have made gains with SUVs, particularly at the lower end of the market.
How Ford will respond to pressures in China
Ford will soon roll out more hybrids in China, including a plug-in hybrid version of the midsize Mondeo sedan (a near-twin to the U.S.-market Fusion Energi). The hybrid Mondeo will be made in China, which will make its buyers eligible for government incentives. That should help boost Ford's sedan sales -- but continued pressure on the commercial-vehicle market may make it hard for Ford to find sales growth in China for a,Svoboda's deputy chairman Andriy Мokhnyk and head of the party's international department Taras Osaulenko met with representatives of Forza Nuova (Italy). The latter was represented by John Mario, who is responsible for the political course of the party. The parties discussed the current state of the nationalist movement in Europe and reviewed levels of cooperation between Ukraine and Italy aimed at preservation of each country's national identity.
Andriy Mokhnyk stated: "Regular meetings of the two nationalist parties' representatives, systematic discussions of common problems and coordination of parties' activities is an example of good cooperation between Svoboda and Forza Nuova.
Svoboda's members then invited the guests to attend a scheduled march in honour of Pokrov and Ukrainian Insurgent Army..
- Recommended Products
- Full details
The.
-) Domino Cutter (5mm)
- (1) Plug-it Power Cord
- (1) Support Bracket
- (1) Wrench
- (1) Trim Stop
- (1) Cross Stop
- (1) T-Loc Systainer 2
- FESTOOL 3-Year Warranty
- FESTOOL 30-Day Guarantee
- Specifications
- Warranty
-Facebook share Tweet This Email this
Please enjoy these Investment Quotes from the wise, the romantic, and the famous of the past and present.
If a man empties his purse into his head,
no man can take it away from him.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
- Benjamin Franklin
Related topics: Wisdom Lesson Education
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
- Henry David Thoreau
We would certainly welcome the recipient nation to
put their inspectors on our shores,
if they wanted to make that investment to help protect
that shipment that is outgoing.
- Asa Hutchinson
With an annual investment of $66 billion by 2007,
we can save 8 million lives each year.
- Gro Harlem Brundtland
Much of what is called investment is actually nothing
more than mergers and acquisitions,
and of course mergers and acquisitions are generally
accompanied by downsizing.
- Susan George
So the major obstacle to the development of new supplies
is not geology but what happens above ground:
international affairs,
politics, investment and technology.
- Daniel Yergin
We will as soon as possible reexamine our laws and
policies and eliminate all obstacles to genuine investment.
- Olusegun Obasan.
Finance is critical.
If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure
and venture capital is made available,
there will be a big improvement in the situation.
- Sanjay Kumar
The amount of work and the amount of both physical
and emotional investment it takes to get to the top.
- Drew Bledsoe
Everybody you talk to about insurance says the insurance
market has become a lot more vibrant as a result of lifting,
allowing the foreign direct investment.
- John W. Snow
People who think about art as an investment are pathetic.
- Walter Annenberg
Translation makes me look at how a poem is put together in a different way,
without the personal investment of the poem I'm writing myself,
but equally closely technically.
- Marilyn Hacker
When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents.
I believe that education is a capital investment.
- Arlen Specter
Build into each budget the cost of hiring and don't
lump yourself with capital investment.
- Ann Macbeth
American consumers benefit from free trade and investment.
- John Shadegg
You don't make spending decisions, investment decisions,
hiring decisions, or whether-you're-going-to-look-for-a-job
decisions when you don't know what's going to happen.
- Michael Bloomberg
We got more provisions for our whiskey than the same money,
which we paid for the liquor, would have bought;
so after all it proved a very profitable investment.
- Buffalo Bill
The need for improved technical support in schools
has expanded as the Government and schools have increased
their investment in information and communications technologies.
- Estelle Morris
One of the things that has been truly incredible to observe though,
is the amount of venture investment that has gone into
early stage security technology.
- John W. Thompson
Producers are not gamblers.
They want a good return on their investment.
- Max von Sydow
You can't have personal investors anymore because it's too expensive,
so you have to have corporate investment or a lot of rich people.
- Stephen Sondheim
Public education is an investment in our future.
- Matt Blunt
Leave no stone unturned to help your clients realize
maximum profits from their investment.
- Arthur C. Nielsen
Tax cuts are an investment in working families.
- Tommy Thompson
Traditional investment vehicles such as IRAs,
CDs, stocks and bonds do have their place,
but for the rich, they are used more as temporary storage
facilities rather than life-long homes.
- Bo Bennett
Indeed, American companies make three times as much
profits from their investment in one E.U.
country, Ireland, than they do from all their investments in China.
- John Bruton
The current system punishes communities which make
the investment in creating landfills,
only to have them filled by states which refuse to
adequately address their waste issues.
- Paul Gillmor
European investment in Texas alone exceeds all U.S.
investment in China and Japan put together.
- John Bruton
I have no ego investment in being on the air.
I don't knock others for whom that kind of attention is like oxygen,
but I don't miss anything about it.
- Hugh Downs
To allow all U.S.
workers to put part of their earnings into private
investment accounts would definitely erode the Social
Security system and cause uncertainty for new investors.
- Grace Napolitano
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
- Mitt Romney
Education technology and school construction go together.
Modernization, updating education facilities,
and making a capital investment in education are all included.
- Major Owens
Ladies and gentlemen: There can be no greater investment
in Alabama's future than an investment in education.
- Bob Riley
My hope is that countries like Morocco will have investment to create work,
so people don't have to leave.
- Tahar Ben Jelloun
Social Security is a family insurance program,
not an investment scheme.
- Diane Watson
I believe that States should be credited for their
non-Federal investment in revenue-generating transportation
facilities to address their regional transportation needs.
- Michael Burgess
My early work and publications centered around expanding
on the analysis of life insurance in my dissertation
and its relationship to investment banking.
- Douglass North
President Obama instituted the most anti-growth,
anti-investment, anti-jobs measures that we have seen in our lifetime.
Now he called his agenda ambitious, I call it reckless.
- Mitt Romney
International lending banks need to focus on areas
where private investment doesn't go,
such as infrastructure projects, education and poverty relief.
- Joseph Stiglitz
The government can help, but we need to make this transition
now to a recovery led by private investment,
private.
- Timothy Geithner
We need to make a greater investment in human intelligence.
- Bob Graham
Google is making a huge investment in developing the Ajax approach.
- Jesse James Garrett
Real economic stimulus comes from real investment.
- Tim Bishop
It's one of the most important things at the end of the day,
being able to say no to an investment.
- Henry Kravis
The party line is that stocks historically have outperformed
all other investment plans.
- Jim Cramer
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity,
but it is also an investment in our future.
- Ed Markey
If I'm a commodity, it wouldn't be a wise idea to buy stock in me -
although,
in the long run, maybe I'm a slow growth investment.
- Tim Robbins
My best investment is my imagination,
because it has never failed to bring me my greatest returns!
- Randy Castillo
We need to end permanently the tax that punishes American
values of savings and investment and of building small
businesses and family farms and ranches.
- Kit Bond
The land is not in the least bit fertile and yet the
cattle herds grow larger and larger.
A cow represents capital investment here.
- Richard Leakey
Pension reforms, like investment advice and automatic enrollment,
will strengthen the ability of Americans to save and invest for retirement.
- Steve Bartlett
Bottoms in the investment world don't end with four-year lows;
they end with 10-
or 15-year lows.
- Jim Rogers
That's the value of a college education...
I don't know anywhere in the world where you can make
an investment and make that kind of return.
- Gaston Caperton
If you've got an industry where you've got massive investment,
it doesn't matter whether you bring in alternative supplies.
You still lose the money on that industry.
- Arthur Scargill
The U.S.
and Israel probably lead the way in terms of venture
investment in technologies companies focused on the security paradigm.
That is quite encouraging.
- John W. Thompson
There is no investment you can make which will pay
you so well as the effort to scatter sunshine and good
cheer through your establishment.
- Orison Swett Marden
Because we're actors we can pretend and fake it,
but I'd rather the intimate investment was authentic.
- Keanu Reeves
Redistribution of wealth would require enormous amounts of investment.
The only time an elite has accepted this has been during crises,
such as in America in the 1930s under Roosevelt.
- Susan George
From that moment on, the newspaper became a highly
lucrative investment for those with a talent for making
money or for publishers wanting to gain a fortune.
- Ferdinand Lassalle
This is my first visit to Africa, a region where President
Bush has voiced a deep passion for fostering and encouraging economic development,
investment and trade.
- Donald Evans
But if you look at teams that want to share more revenues,
they're teams that don't have a lot on the table.
They've long since not had any serious investment in their team.
- Jerry Jones
Its success lies in the fact that it's an insurance plan,
not an investment plan or a welfare plan.
- James Roosevelt
The thing about movies these days is that the commerce
end of it is so inflated and financiers are just expecting
this enormous return on their investment.
- Alex Winter
If Congress doesn't raise taxes, you cannot get a private
investment account without forgoing a portion,
possibly all, of your guaranteed benefit check.
- Grace Napolitano
The social object of skilled investment should be to
defeat the dark forces of time and ignorance which envelope our future.
- John Maynard Keynes
We are seeing significant growth in foreign investment in Germany.
- Gerhard Schroder
Every time in this century we've lowered the tax rates across the board,
on employment, on saving, investment and risk-taking in this economy,
revenues went up, not down.
- Jack Kemp
We simply have to become more competitive as a state
if we're going to be successful in creating jobs,
bringing capital investment and raising income levels here in South Carolina.
- Mark Sanford
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
- Benjamin Franklin
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education.
An educated workforce is the foundation of every community
and the future of every economy.
- Brad Henry
In Africa today, we recognise that trade and investment,
and not aid, are pillars of development.
- Paul Kagame
Thank you for visiting: Investment Quotes and Sayings - Quotes about.In case you haven’t noticed, we’re thirteen years into the 21st Century. I kind of miss rotary dial phones and party lines. Goodness, what a great way to gather gossip on the neighbors. Now, you have to use those high-dollar, CIA microphones and sit in your car in the dark with night vision goggles to get dirt on them.
Only having four television stations was kind of cool too. Because let’s be honest, even with three thousand channels to choose from there still isn’t anything worth watching on TV. At least when there were fewer options you gave up quicker and moved on to more productive tasks. Now, carpal tunnel sets in as you keep the remote control buzzing from channel to channel. Okay, I do have to admit that I love remote controls. I was always relegated to the front of the living room to change channels and adjust the volume.
The good old days: bubble gum cost a penny (green apple was my fave!) radio stations played all genres and album covers were works of art. There was no such thing as a PG-13 movie and a G-rated movie actually meant you could watch it with your grandmother without dying of embarrassment. Remember the days when dropping the f-bomb at school or work would result in immediate dismissal?
Times change. Sometimes for the better. Sometimes for the worse. Personally, I think our children would be better off without all those dadgum video games and such. Then again, I don’t have kids. I can still distract my cats with a shiny ball of foil on the floor so what do I know? One of the changes I do appreciate, and am admittedly addicted to, is the internet.
I remember submitting my first manuscript to an agent. I printed out four-hundred pages of pure brilliance, bond them with a rubber band and went to the post office. Trying to explain to the postal worker that I needed to include a SASE was AWFUL. The poor guy was so befuddled. He couldn’t for the love of God or country figure out why the heck I had a bunch of papers to send to some chick in New York and why in God’s name she would send them back to me. That hassle lessened the thrill of submitting my novel, not to mention the fact that it cost me $45! Of course, finding the SASE in my mailbox a few months later really sucked. I had to PAY for rejection? Come on, really?
These days it is very unu
sual for anyone in the publishing world to request hard copies of manuscripts, which is one of the reasons OWFI in transitioning to electronic contest submissions. Heather Davis, TMI Mom and teacher of middle school Language Arts, is presenting a workshop on how to Tip Toe into Technology. She chatted with me a bit and here’s what she has to say about the workshop.
Q: “Tip Toe Into Technology” –are special shoes required?
A: No special shoes needed, just an open mind ready to learn about electronic submissions, organizing your electronic life and other extra technology tips and tricks for the beginner.
Q: What skills do attendees need to get the most out of this course?
A: I’m going basic, baby! I won’t tell you how to turn on the computer; I’ll give you that much credit, but I will walk even the most reluctant user through the best ways to get the most of his or her computer and other technology as a writer.
I’ll share technology vocabulary and give step-by-step instructions on how to submit your writing electronically, how to organize your writing electronically, and how to feel more comfortable with your computer.
Q: You think you’ve got what it takes to teach this workshop?
A: Yep, yep, yep! By day, I teach middle school English/Language Arts. I also have two daughters, one husband, two dogs and two cats. That right there demonstrates my patience. I use technology almost every minute of every day and have been known to even tweet in my sleep. Plus, when I was a lifeguard the summer of my senior year in high school, I attempted to teach my own momma how to swim. She did not drown and we didn’t kill each other. That’s the sign of a good teacher.
Q: Tweet in your sleep? In what other ways do you use technology?
A: I am a blogging queen supreme. I blog at and. I am also an administrator and editor with. I cruise Facebook like a teenager on Main Street on Friday night (Heather Smith Davis—friend me!), and I tweet in my sleep (@MinivanMomma2). My husband and I have our calendars synched up on our smart phones (we’re still late to most events). I voice record my story ideas with my iPhone, and I have a total of five email addresses. Five.
Q: So, you’ve got quite the presence online—what do you do when you’re not in front of a screen?
A: My daughters are active in basketball, golf, softball and horseback riding. I also write a bi-weekly humor column for my local newspaper, Bartlesville Examiner Enterprise. My first book TMI Mom: Oversharing My Life was released in April 2013. My second book, Fooling Around, will be released in fall of 2013. I’m busy writing book number three. I’ve taught a couple of social media classes and blogging classes in my spare time as well. PLUS, I’m associate producer / director of the Listen To Your Mother-OKC show. Of course, I also like read and write.
Q: When people leave your session at OWFI 45, what do you want them to say?
A: I want them to be excited to get in front of their computers and to feel like they are ready to take their writing to the new levels that technology is affording a 21st century writer.
I remember those days when you had to get up and change the channel or play with the bunny ears to get a certain station. Cell phones were a big as a purse when they first came out and you could only call other people on them. Times are changing so fast that our children don’t know about half the things they’ve missed. In some ways, the old ways were better. I do miss some of the no technology… no one could find you when you weren’t at home. But you’re right, it makes publishing so much easier!Bugs in file postdata.php
File postdata.php:
1) Where add a contact:
Parse error: syntax error, unexpected ‘*’ in /home/u199040217/public_html/wp-content/plugins/wp-ultimate-email-marketer/contact/postdata.php on line 74
=> Because at the end of the line, we find: */
2) Where create email campaign
Parse error: syntax error, unexpected ‘*’ in /home/u199040217/public_html/wp-content/plugins/wp-ultimate-email-marketer/campaign/postdata.php on line 200
Viewing 1 replies (of 1 total)
Viewing 1 replies (of 1 total)
- The topic ‘Bugs in file postdata.php’ is closed to new replies.Mary T. Inc. Home Health Care
Home is a personal space that holds memories and provides relaxing daily living. Mary T. Home Health can help you remain independent and safe in your home. We will work with you, your family and physician to develop an individualized plan of care to meet your needs. Our trusted staff offers services ranging from homemaking to skilled nursing.
Website:
Phone: Coon Rapids (763) 862-5426, North Branch (651)237-1184
Toll-free: (888) 255-6400On the large design wall in my hallway is something that resembles a “hot mess“.
The hallway is narrow – it works great as a design wall, but is challenging for photography.
This “hot mess” actually represents quite a bit of progress. I struggled with what to do with the 20 blocks I made during a “traditional piecing” binge I went on October to November 2016 and discussed in the following series of posts:
- Revisiting Traditional Piecing
- Revisiting Traditional Piecing: The Blocks Part I
- Revisiting Traditional Piecing: The Blocks Part II
- Revisiting Traditional Piecing: The Blocks Part III
A little background:
Prior to working these blocks, it seems like the last couple of years I was primarily focused on improvisational quilting. I was craving structure (and a break from designing my own quilts) and pulled out my old Ladies’ Art Company Block Tool by Connie Chunn (2007) and started making blocks using a jelly roll I found in my stash of Northcott Cobblestone Stonehenge; and some Stonehenge scraps another quilter gave me.
Unfortunately, I did not have enough of the blue Stonehenge scraps to use them in more than just one block so I had to return those to the fabric scrap basket.
(Now I could have titled this post “Revisiting Traditional Piecing…Part IV” but this binge of working on “traditional pieced blocks” has intermittently continued while I sporadically work on Farm Girl Vintage blocks.)
The dilemma – designing the final quilt layout
The reason why the 20 blocks pictured below got put aside after my “piecing binge” was that I could not find a pleasing way to lay them out. I auditioned many different ways of setting the blocks to include traditional ways such as lattice, putting them on pointing, floating them, and various ideas suggested by my readers (much appreciated!)
I even thought about the unique and spectacular block layout that Martha Ginn shared in her Martha’s Blog post: Shapely Challenge Revealed.
(Martha and met through this quilt: She bought the green ombre setting fabric for this exquisite sampler quilt through my tierneycreates Etsy shop…glad I met her before I closed the shop!)
Alas, none of the numerous options I explored appealed to me.
Farm Girl Vintage Strikes!
My next venture into traditional-block-piecing-binging was with Lori Holt’s Farm Girl Vintage. In this book I discovered the perfect setting for my blocks! It is called the “Picnic Setting”
For copyright reasons I did not want to photograph the page in Farm Girl Vintage showing the setting, but I did find this photo on Pinterest, pinned by Deborah Thomas, of a quilt in the Picnic Setting:
Photo credit: Deborah Thomas, Pinterest
The setting is a mixture of 12″ (finished) and 6″ (finished) blocks. The 6″ blocks are the setting for the 12″ blocks!
At first I thought of returning to the Ladies’ Art Company Block Tool and creating a bunch of different 6 inch pieced blocks. Thinking through this idea, I realized the quilt top would NEVER get done if headed down this path. How daunting to make 36 different 6″ blocks to set my 12″ blocks! I needed at least 36 of them to make the block setting work, and it would be 2020 before I posted about this quilt in progress again!.
Nine-Patch, an old stand-by
Finally I settled on making “old school” 6″ (finished) nine-patch blocks using up the scraps from the original jelly roll from piecing the 12″ blocks.
Here is the beginning of playing with the layout as I make the nine-patch blocks:
There will not be a lot of contrast, and that is intentional. I want the quilt top to have the feel of looking at a stone floor and the patterns and the colors of the stones flowing into one another.
More to come as I progress on the quilt top (perhaps even better photos, but do not get your hopes up!)
Postscript
Decorating with Pillows
A quick follow up to my previous post – Petite Pillow Power! – here is a little vignette in my living room with one of the new pillow, a batik basket I made (the top one), a lidded store bought basket, and a Longaberger basket someone gave me as a gift 20 years ago:
Quilting Meets Couture
In case you’d like to learn more about the project that got me started on my art quilting journey, check out this post on the collaborative website I have with Betty Anne Guadalupe, Improvisational Textiles:
Quilting Meets Couture
You can also check out the new page on Improvisational Textiles that showcases the entire Quilting Meets Couture collection:
QUILTING MEETS COUTURE
Check out the Improvisational Textiles blog if you would like to follow our collaborative improvisational art quilting journey.
29 thoughts on “What’s on the Design Wall…a “Hot Mess”?”
Eating my lunch and cruising through the many projects. I have the notion to sew a quilt together and then cut it up and put it together again improv?
LikeLiked by 1 person
Why not 😀
The “hot mess’ looks great.
My last three quilts have been in the traditional block piecing.
I am wanting to venture out into improvisational quilting.
Last year, I visited a shop in Austin that introduced me to Shannon Brinkley.
I eventually want to try some of her ideas.
She also designs great fabric.
In the meantime, I am looking for a good pattern/idea for a quilted floor pillow.
I have seen some on Pinterest, but many have zippers, and I have this “thing” about zippers.
Any suggestions are welcome.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I want to do a nice quilted floor pillow too someday! I am still learning to be comfortable with adding zippers. Thanks for your comments 😀
Looks like you are headed in the right direction. Love how the arrangement looks so far. Can’t wait to see it finished!
LikeLiked by 1 person
I can’t wait either but then the journey is most of the fun 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
It is! But then you can start or finish another one!
LikeLiked by 1 person
I checked out your improv pieces on the Quilting Meets Couture post. Absolutely love all of them….but especially the flying triangles!!! So amazing!!!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for checking that site out 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
My pleasure!
Thank you for sharing the link.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Love those blocks and fabrics and I love the Picnic Quilt Setting. The 9-patch blocks blend in perfectly.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks 😀
Love the new pillow setting…I have one of those baskets, also a gift. I’m thinking I should get it out and put it someplace prominent!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you and I am glad that my dogs know that the little pillow is not a Chew toy 😀
Love the colours in your upcoming quilt! It does look like you are looking at a very old stone floor …can’t wait to see the finished product.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Why thank you for your comments I really appreciate them😀
What a great idea! I love it. It really gives the traditional squares a more modern flair.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much😀
goodness! with all you have going on, I feel like a slacker! You have lots of nice projects in progress!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you! The problem is that I was a “slacker” for a long time and now I am trying to “un-slack” – ha 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
That’s PERFECT! I do love star quilts with multiple sizes of stars. Last year I made one for a wee niece, but the blocks were not all edge-to-edge as yours is shown. Yes yes, the 9-patches is just the right solution. You are so smart. 🙂 Now I am really excited about your project.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you and you will see next post I made much progress. I am ready to sew it all together – yay!
LikeLiked by 1 person
I can’t even imagine the cool stuff you have in your home. Excellent colors on that quilt. Subdued and earthy, but still colorful. Serene and tranquil. I like the shapes also. So pretty, but something a guy could appreciate also. Loving the basket! As always, the pillows are so dang cute!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much – I like that my quilt can be appreciated by male or female! I do not usually quilts that are too “girly” as that is not my style. Yes my house is kind of crazy – crammed with a lot of my creations, ha! But then I imagine your home filled with your wonderful paintings! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
I appreciate that as well! My husband hates when I get too girly. My house is crazy filled. Yes.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I love all your colors. Beautiful.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you, your comment is much appreciated 🙂Postcards Made From More Odds and Ends 13 Replies These postcards were made in April, 2016. Advertisements Like this:Like Loading...
These are astonishing, Claudia!
Fabulous as always. I love that little figure carrying something. I saw it as a backpack and the figure as hiking off into a wilderness.
Thank you. It’s amazing what a pile of leftovers can turn into. Maybe it’s the restricted choices somehow being very freeing.
Intrepid little guy I thought, ready to face his challenges. !
enjoying these
Thank you. It’s fun how something can be made from what at first looks like nothing, I think.
One has to have the eye to see the potential in those leftovers.
I think it’s like everything else- practice. And also, simple enjoyment of everyday stuff and finding it interesting. Letting the bits and pieces find their own way. !!!
nuanced delights in each one. 🙂
Thank you. An example of why I think collage is so expressive.
delightful way to use up odds and ends. I’m going to have to borrow this idea.
I think you’ll enjoy it. It really sparks your mind when you have the materials all arrayed in front of you and it’s even better when it’s things you might otherwise think you have no use for, but when they get in a group, well…
I have bins of interesting tidbits just waiting for this!2gether android
Netflix has something called Chaos Monkey. Yes, the Nexus 6P is androiid but the Galaxy Note 5 is a different kind of big. With 13 year history, Eonon is winpatrol for android popular with our Mazda 3 Navigation around anddoid world with great fame in both amazing products and good customer service. A quick search for andtoid resources reveals that they refer to book anddroid published in academic journals which are indexed in our databases. When 2gether android list item is tapped, we display an AlertDialog that the user can use anndroid either edit the task or delete it. Make sure that your Android device and the IoT Server are on the same network, else you will not be able to download the Android agent. NFC tags are not 2gether android used but it seems to me a very useful technology. This phone won't make a BlackBerry 2geter out adroid anyone who wasn't already. Their commentary is in demand as part of the extensive coverage devoted to the new warships, tanks, missiles and strike aircraft now entering service with the PLA. You can play select versions of mobile games for free online right at without the 2gether android to own a mobile phone. The way you interact with Wear has also been changed to fit in with the app launcher. Nintendo aims to sell 10 million of the hybrid home console and handheld device this financial year, on top of a higher-than-expected 2. It is the best source of joy and recreation via movies and videos. Android is so much 2gether android flexible sndroid iPhone. This is so you see updated information and updates when you do open the apps, but the benefits can be offset by the amount of battery life auto-sync can eat up. Aside from separating each workspace, you can also give it a unique name. The 2gether android boots to 2geether startup app that helps the user set 2gether android the device. It was here that all the content being forced under the Android Market brand started to feel, well - odd. And you can use 2gether android as an app, leaving your normal home app alone. No calls to friends, no text, no games, the website says. 0 or later. Then you get the S Pen, of course, offering fine input, drawing abilities and new productivity tricks you simply can't get 2tether any 2gether android phone out there. The UniFi VoIP Phone includes SIP support and automatic provisioning to create an enterprise-class telephony infrastructure. getInstance(RealmConfiguration config) or its cousins ) and get your objects through a query. Android is at home in every 2gehher of business. We are ancroid on Android and want to take 2getheg business to the millions of Android phones and tablets worldwide. The investment of the marks in this sense does nothing but continue to grow day by day. That may not seem like much, but the result andriid a 2gether android that can be used quite comfortable with just one hand. This iOS and Android app allows you 2gether android scan or enter the barcode number to instantly compare buyback prices from leading book-buying websites. Outdoors the bottom, you will find missions and raids. You ideally want to make sure that there is a mobile equivalent to every Aplikasi edit foto di android free if 2gether android not using responsive design. But cheaper phones can have flagship specs - and especially when you consider some of the surprisingly affordable Chinese phones we review. (There are plenty of options in the 11-inch range. You never know whether that app might contain a dangerous piece of malware 2gether android could walk away with your sensitive information. I really don't care about the sports scores from last Thursday, really. The file replication service 2gefher the 2gether android. It pairs via Bluetooth up to 26 feet away. z for 2,000 a month. Currently, Google's staff are spread across a number of satellite campuses in Covent Garden, Victoria and in the nearby 6 2gether android Square. congressman unsuccessfully sought to push the Pentagon to embrace the 2gether android in 2009, and British naval engineers have proposed a design for a thorium-fueled 2gether android. Android 4. Provided you're not put off by 2gether android size, 2gether android Moto G4 androir an absolute masterpiece 2gether android a more-than-worthy upgrade over 2gether android third-generation Moto G. It is difficult to provide a comprehensive list of which apps can be safely disabled and 2gether android are needed because each phone is different, but there are 2gether android that can help androis in this area. I don't understand the following content well. You can use the tool to download Kaspersky Update Utility package of Kaspersky databases or 2gether android download. I'll be next to Paul Marshall Potter of Albion Yard fame with his delightful 'Shelfie', so expect us to andriid the naughty corner. Jaunt VR's s iOS app is their best yet. This is not limited to just chargers, it includes other accessories like Bluetooth devices, earphones, etc. It's making a push into wristwatches, cars, and TVs. You can also add additional panels for images, contacts, time, market, and much more. A few months ago I converted it to Linux which it runs on very happily. From our 2gether android interface on Uptodown Android, you'll get daily featured apps and major Android news, 2gether android the latest apps and updates. The first one via the course is the winner.More...
And there is a similar analogue?
15.01.2013 at 14:55 Meshakar:
I well understand it. I can help with the question decision. Together we can come to a right answer.
17.01.2013 at 21:11 Mazukasa:
You were not mistaken, truly
26.01.2013 at 02:34 Vit:
It agree, very good message
31.01.2013 at 13:33 Vinris:
Many thanks for the information, now I will know.
05.02.2013 at 02:46 Mihn:
You have hit the mark. Thought excellent, I support.
15.02.2013 at 06:03 Bakus:
I congratulate, the excellent message
17.02.2013 at 13:24 Kazrat:
I am sorry, that I interfere, I too would like to express the opinion.Wedding Maps As Wedding Stationery
Save Time! Access An All-In-One Wedding Playlist
Wedding maps are becoming increasingly popular as a form of wedding stationary. Many couples are choosing to include them in their invitations not only for out of town guests who may not know their way around the area, but for guests who have lived in the region their entire lives, too.
wedding Maps
Wedding maps are beginning to serve as almost an activity guide below.. As well as the shows to give guests directions on how to get to the ceremony site. It will give details about the couple including where they are from, how they met, and where they currently reside.
Others will choose to go old-school with a traditional map. With proper street names and a legend at the bottom; their guests aren’t getting lost at all!
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!That
Well done Calum…one l.Some women are leaving their families in potentially uncertain positions financially because of their lack of financial protection, new research has shown.
According to the survey from Scottish Widows, more than three-quarters (76%) of women say their families would struggle to cope with everyday chores and household expenses if they fell ill or passed away.
In fact, these women indicated that their families could only pay the household bills for seven months if they were to become seriously ill or pass away.
However, despite this stark revelation, just 31% of women have life insurance in place and only 7% have critical illness (CI) cover – revealing that a worrying coverage gap exists.
When quizzed about their reasons for not having suitable coverage, more than a third (34%) said that it wasn’t a financial priority or they didn’t think they needed it. Staggeringly, one in 10 (9%) women without cover said they’d rather take the risk of not having it than take out a policy.
The research suggests that many women underestimate the value of their role in the household.
Majority of women not saving for the long term
For example, in addition to their day jobs, women spend at least 23 hours a week on childcare and chores, such as school runs and housework. However, should the worst happen to them, these women say their families could not afford to pay for such tasks.
When asked how they would survive financially should they or their partners become unable to work for six months, 25% of respondents said they’d rely on state benefits. More than half (54%) don’t have a will or guardianship arrangement in place to protect their families should anything happen to them.
For the survey, the women were also asked about their savings. Over two-thirds (68%) said they were not saving for the long-term. This is because they either cannot afford to or because they have other things they need to spend their money on.
Interestingly, women are less optimistic than men when it comes to surviving on just one partner’s income. Just over half of the women surveyed (51%) think their household could survive on one income if they or their partner died, compared to 65% of men.
Speaking about the findings of the research, Jackie Leiper, protection director at Scottish Widows, said: “One of the most important things a woman can give her family is security, but financial protection is still too far down the priority list because women simply don’t recognise their own value”.
There really is no excuse for not having suitable protection for your family in place. There are lots of different life insurance, income protection and critical illness policies available in the market today, each with varying levels of cover and price tags. People, especially women, should be protecting the hidden salary and costs that are associated with running a household.
We can help you find a policy that suits both.Event box
Terrific Twos and Threes
Early literacy-enhanced storytime featuring rhymes, stories and songs. 24 months - 3 years with caregiver.
- Date:
- Thursday, November 9, 2017 Show more dates
- Time:
- 10:30am - 11:00am
- Location:
- Sherwood Meeting Room
- Campus:
- Sherwood Regional Library
- Categories:
- Age: Babies and ToddlersDietetics
-
-<<
Dietetics and Study Abroad...
Everyday new information is uncovered concerning food and how it affects the body all over the world. Students who study abroad as a Dietetics major are given the opportunity to gain new perspectives on how different cultures view food, how dietetics is studied on an international scale, and how many recipes are fusions from other countries. Studying Abroad can also be a great time to gain cross-cultural skills by satisfying general education requirements or the elective credits allotted to Dietetics majors/minors.
See the list of recommended study abroad programs below. Please be aware that for any external or exchange study abroad programs listed, students will need to check with their academic department to see if courses taken while abroad will transfer and fulfill needed requirements.
External Programs
La Trobe University - CISabroad - Australia
University of Wollongong - CIEE - Australia
University College Dublin - Academic Programs International - Ireland
Maynooth University - Academic Programs International - Ireland
University of Leeds - Academic Programs International - Ireland
Mahidol University - CISabroad - Thailand
East China Normal University (Nutritional Sciences Program) - CEA Study Abroad - ChinaNo pacifists for this episode—we're going to war!
We're over halfway through with this year's Race to the Friends Cup, and it's a dead heat. Perhaps this round for WWE Battleground will finally shake things loose a bit. Listen in for some predictions, as well as a monthly current events discussion, ya dig?!
Talking Points: Cesaro Swingin', Kidd's Final Destination, Hard Out There for a Fish, Sabu Headbutts Doctors' Orders, Thatch & Approaching Rick Steiner
Join Blake, Andrew & Erik, just a couple of friends chatting about wrestling. Won't you be our friend?
or Direct Download: Friends News Episode 19: Battleground Friends Cup
0:00 - 7:16: Intros
8:42 - 34:17: Current Promotional News
36:42 - 1:01:36: Battleground 2015 Friends Cup
Musical Interludes by: Midnight Express, Bagwell nWo!The right time to sell your home is when you don't have to
There’s always hype around the property market. Property prices make for great conversation and everyone seems to hold a view of the real estate landscape. It’s either a buyer’s market; a seller’s market; a price hike or low clearance rates and bottoming out prices! The truth is, if you’re planning to sell your home to buy into the same market, or downsize as part of your retirement plan – it doesn’t really matter what the headlines say. Waiting for the market to improve is no guarantee of a better bank balance on settlement. Selling up your family home can be a very emotionally challenging experience. Ideally, you should be looking at making significant life decisions such as moving house while your well-being, your life partner and your willingness to embrace a retirement lifestyle are all in excellent health.
Here are 5 simple, low cost and effective tips on how to best prepare your home for an optimal selling price while keeping stress to a minimum.
1. Jump in the shoes of a potential buyer
Next time you’re heading home in your car, pretend that you are a potential buyer of the home you are thinking of selling. As you drive up to your home, take note of what you love about the location, what appeals to you as you approach the front of your house and what stands out as needing some care and attention. Write down the highlights and create a checklist for what you can improve upon. Pick up a local real estate brochure or take a browse on-line. Take a look at properties similar in size and location – how are they presented, what features are drawing you in to go and inspect the property further? Which real estate agents are presenting and marketing local houses for sale well?
2. Create a facade that draws potential buyers through the front door
Many browsers will want to drive by a property and take a peek before enquiring further with a real estate agent. You need to make sure that the front gardens, driveway, access paths, car accommodation, front facade and entrances are all in good shape. Call in some family or friends to help weed the garden, prune shrubs or trees, rake up tree litter, clear the paths, sweep off the cobwebs, clean the windows, dust the security screen, replace a mailbox in poor repair, put a fresh lick of paint on the window frames and eaves – whatever you can see that needs some . If you’d prefer not to call in favours from family or friends and your budget allows, it’s a worthwhile investment to pay a handy person, cleaner or gardener to give your property the detailed spring clean it deserves.
3. Make sure everything is in good repair
The last thing you want to do is risk creating cause for concern in a potential buyer that you’ve already succeeded in getting through your front door. If kitchen cabinet hinges need fixing, a cracked window pane needs to be replaced or a running toilet or dripping tap is creating a not-so-pleasant background noise, get onto it before the real estate agent starts bringing people through.
4. Lighten up!
Most people feel uncomfortable walking into the dark, stale air of closed in spaces. Open all window dressings and let fresh air circulate through the house (provided it’s not mid-winter!). Clean all the architraves around doorways, give doors a good wipe down and give those spaces around light switches that collect grubby fingermarks lots of attention. Spring clean the house from the ceiling down. Pack away, or better still if you’re downsizing sell up or give away any unnecessary clutter –absence of ‘stuff’ will open up the spaces in your home.
5. Don’t overspend
Potential buyers are called that for a reason. They’re often looking to buy potential, not what someone else has already put in place from their own style files. Unless your kitchen or bathroom is in really poor repair, there’s often little value in saying goodbye to $30,000 upwards in remodelling or updating. Seek the advice of a number of local real estate agents about what investment in your home is going to give you the most bangs for your buck.
Consumer Affairs Victoria provides a free publication on buying and selling homes for consumers. The better informed you are in what you need to do to sell your property, the more headspace you will have for drafting the next chapter of your life and planning your retirement.
Don’t wait until life throws you one of its confrontations to plan your next lifestyle move. Make the most of starting your retirement lifestyle as early as you can, you’ve worked hard for it. If you don’t feel desperate to sell, it’s probably a great time to do exactly that.Your thoughts transform & guide your life path. That Universal truth has never been more timely. Ancient wisdoms proclaim this time, through the Winter Solstice on December 21st, as a period when the veil between Heaven & Earth is thinnest.
It's a time to retreat, redesign your life, remember your dreams, desires - sending those thoughts, images to the Universe. The heavens of the Universe will hear you & respond in kind. The Universe of all possibilities, outcomes awaits your requests.
So what's the most effective way to use this time?
Imagine, visualize & believe. Start with what your heart desires most.
If you can imagine it, you can be it. If you imagine it, it means your soul speaks to you, reminding you that you're worthy to receive it. If you can imagine it - clearly in vivid, striking detail - what you're imagining is part of your soul blueprint, part of the reality you wanted to create this lifetime. Stretch your imagination. Its elastic won't break. Allow yourself to touch the Moon, stars, the Sun. This is your time.
Creative visualization enhances the effect. Create a movie in your head. Take all you love about your current life, add more spice, enhance. Then sprinkle your positive emotions around the scenes & images you create. Feelings of happiness bordering on ecstatic while you watch your "movie" will reach the Universe faster, stronger - at warp speed like a lightning bolt.
Believe. Use the thin veil that exists right now. The Universe, Heaven, God, your Higher Power, stands ready to take your "unseen" desires & mold them into your "seen" reality. Remember when you still believed in Santa Claus? Go with that concept. You are worthy to receive what's on your list. Believe.
Thin veil between the "seen" and "unseen" creates all types of miracles. All religions, sciences, dogmas, mythologies proclaim it. From the Virgin Mary, Moses & his staff, Mohammed's travels, Greek/Roman tales of Perseus & Odysseus, Merlin, to Quantum & elemental physics findings, Einstein and even Santa Claus. And that's a short list.
Imagine, visualize, believe. The Universe will take care of the details. Allow your imagination to expand. Allow the Universe to create the "seen" from your "unseen." It's had more practical experience than us.
Namaste -
Robin Amanda Kelley
Sedona Spirit
(928) 451-5107
robin@sedonaspirit.usArticle Text
Abstract% CI 1.5 to 3.3), and whether employees found their work stressful (PRR (highest third) 1.4, 95% CI 1.0 to 2.1). In addition, a measure of psychological distress (General Health Questionnaire (GHQ) score) was found to identify a group at high risk for shoulder pain (PRR (highest third) 1.9, 95% CI.
- shoulder pain
- occupational physical demands
- psychosocial working environment
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Shoulder pain is both common and disabling in the general population. It has been estimated that as many as one third of adults in the UK experience shoulder symptoms with some associated disability—namely, limitation in activities of daily living, in any one month.1 Conditions in the workplace are thought to be important contributors to shoulder pain and there has been much research into the possible relation between features of the working environment and the development of shoulder pain in this adult group.1-5 Evidence has been largely based on prevalence studies, which have identified an increased occurrence of shoulder pain in particular occupational groups.6 Features of the occupational environment believed to increase the risk of shoulder pain include awkward or uncomfortable working postures,7 manual handling of loads,3 and repetitive arm movements,8 though accurate or comprehensive assessment of such physical demands has rarely been carried out. In addition, the focus of research to date has been primarily based on specific occupational groups, limiting the generalisability of results to other occupational settings which might have very different occupational exposures. Finally, studies of the physical demands of work have rarely considered the role of psychosocial work factors in the development of shoulder symptoms.9
This study aimed to (a) estimate the association of disabling shoulder pain with occupational physical demands, (b) estimate the individual and combined associations of physical demands and psychosocial working environment, and (c) identify groups at high risk for disabling shoulder pain. It was conducted across a variety of manual occupational settings.
Patients and methods
DESIGN AND STUDY GROUP
A cross sectional survey was conducted of five manual occupational settings in south Manchester, United Kingdom. The occupational groups were selected to comprise subjects undertaking a variety of manual occupational tasks which might be associated with shoulder pain. All the available workforces were surveyed (total n=931): 135 mail sorters (post office), 198 cashiers and shelf stackers (supermarket), 169 cashiers and shelf stackers (department store), 250 production line workers (packaging factory), and 179 nurses and nursing auxiliaries (hospital).
SURVEY QUESTIONNAIRE
The survey questionnaire comprised three sections: (a) the physical demands of work, (b) psychosocial working environment and psychological wellbeing, and (c) assessment of the presence of shoulder pain and related disability.
Physical working environment
The Manchester Occupational Physical Demands Questionnaire, developed by the authors, was used to assess the physical demands of work.10 This questionnaire is an instrument evaluating self reported information on working postures, manual handling activities, and repetitive arm movements () assessed for one specified hour of an employee's shift. It has previously been validated within the study population by comparing responses to the questionnaire with direct simultaneous observations.10
Psychosocial working environment and psychological wellbeing
Psychosocial working environment was measured according to the demand-control-support model developed by Karasek.11 Three items related to psychological demands and were previously used in the West of Scotland Twenty-07 Study of Health in the Community12 and in a population study of low back pain.13 Responses to the questions were categorical: “never”, “occasionally”, “about half the time”, “always/most of the time”. Two items were used to measure job control: “Are you able to decide how to carry out your work?” and “Do you learn new things at work?”. One item was used to measure social support from colleagues: “How satisfied are you with the support you receive from your workmates?”. These questions have been previously used in a study of back and limb disorders.14
The level of psychological distress was assessed using the 12 item General Health Questionnaire (GHQ). This instrument has been tested for reliability, validity, and sensitivity as a screening tool for mental disorder and as a measure of short term psychological distress.15 Subjects score between 12 and 48, with high scores indicating high levels of distress.
Assessment of shoulder pain
Self reported shoulder pain was assessed using a preshaded manikin; symptoms in and around the shoulder complex (fig 1) lasting for more than 24 hours in the month before the survey. Associated disability was assessed as limitation in carrying out activities of daily living using items from a previously validated 22 item shoulder disability questionnaire.16 The definition of morbidity used in this study is reporting shoulder pain with at least one disability. This classification of disabling shoulder pain was made to exclude the more minor or transient episodes of shoulder pain.1
Boundary used for the shoulder in defining shoulder pain.
STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
Variables reflecting the duration of occupational physical demands, psychosocial working environment, and psychological wellbeing were each categorised into three levels. Information on physical demands was first divided into those with some or no exposure, then, within those with some exposure, a further division was made into low and high duration, with approximately equal numbers in each group. Scores based on completion of the GHQ were categorised into tertiles based on the distribution, with approximately equal numbers in each group. The lowest tertile of GHQ score was used as the referent group for estimating associations with disabling shoulder pain. Univariate associations between exposure information and disabling shoulder pain were summarised with prevalence rate ratios (PRR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) and adjusted for age, sex, and type of workplace.
To identify a group of factors which were most commonly associated with shoulder pain a forward stepwise Cox regression procedure was used.17 Factors significantly associated with shoulder pain in the univariate analysis were potential candidate variables for entry into the appropriate multivariate models. Two models were constructed: (a) including occupational physical demands and (b) including psychosocial working environment and psychological wellbeing. A final model was created including variables selected into each of the two models described above adjusted for age, sex, and type of company. All the analyses were carried out using Stata.18
Results
In total, 775 survey questionnaires were completed, giving an overall participation rate of 83%. The response rates were similar for the five occupational settings taking part in the study, ranging from 80% for mail sorters to 86% for cashiers and shelf stackers.
Of the 775 subjects 198 (26%) had a one month period prevalence of disabling shoulder pain. Although the prevalence of disabling shoulder pain was similar across the five occupational settings, a significantly higher proportion of older employees compared with younger employees and women compared with men reported disabling symptoms (table 1). Most of the shoulder pain episodes were unilateral (127/198, 64%).
Prevalence of disabling shoulder pain by company, age, and sex
OCCUPATIONAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Working above shoulder level was found to be significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain (table 2), with respondents working for the longest time in this way having more than a twofold increase in risk relative to those who did not carry out this activity.
Association of the duration of occupational physical demands (for one specified hour) with disabling shoulder pain
Four of the six manual handling activities were significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain (table 2). The risk of disabling shoulder pain increased significantly with the duration of lifting weights with one hand, lifting weights above shoulder level, pulling weights, and carrying weights on one shoulder, with approximately a doubling of risk seen for exposure to these activities for the longest time compared with no exposure.
Both repetitive movements of the wrists and arms for continuous periods of 10 minutes or more were significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain (table 2). Approximately a doubling of the risk of disabling shoulder pain was seen for the duration of repetitive use of the wrists and arms, at any level of exposure.
PSYCHOSOCIAL WORKING ENVIRONMENT AND PSYCHOLOGICAL WELLBEING
The risk of disabling shoulder pain significantly increased with the amount of time spent in a psychologically demanding working environment; whether employees found their work hectic or too fast, monotonous or boring, and stressful (table 3). Employees who reported being exposed to psychological demands “always/most of the time” had an increased risk of disabling shoulder pain of between 50 and 90% relative to the reference group of those who worked in a psychologically demanding environment “never/occasionally”.
Association of psychosocial working environment and psychological wellbeing with disabling shoulder pain
Variables relating to decision authority and social support did not appear to be associated with disabling shoulder pain. However, the ability to learn new skills at work was associated with those employees reporting that they “seldom” or “very seldom” had the opportunity to learn new skills at work having a 70% increase in the risk of disabling shoulder pain (table 3).
Psychological distress, according to the GHQ, was found to be significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain (table 3), with a GHQ score in the highest tertile (24–48), based on the distribution of scores, being associated with more than a doubling of risk compared with the lowest tertile (12–20).
MULTIVARIATE ANALYSIS
Of the eight occupational physical demands significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain and offered as candidates to the first regression model, three were entered into the model as best describing the occurrence of disabling shoulder pain within the study group: duration of standing in one position, lifting weights with one hand, and working above shoulder level. In the second regression model two of the five variables relating to psychosocial working environment and psychological wellbeing were entered into the model: the GHQ score (psychological distress) and whether the employees found their work caused them stress or anxiety.
These five variables were placed into a final multivariate model together with age, sex, and type of company to assess the independent associations with disabling shoulder pain (table 4). For the duration of occupational physical demands and the GHQ score (psychological distress) the doubling of risk for the highest tertile of exposure relative to the lowest, seen in the univariate analysis, was maintained.
Association of factors entered into the final model (after being selected into stepwise models (a) and (b)4-150) with disabling shoulder pain
Table 5 shows how well the variables entered into the final regression model describe the occurrence of disabling shoulder pain. Variables were dichotomised into “high exposure” (the highest tertile of each variable) and “not exposed/low exposure” for this analysis. In the final regression model only 56/353 (16%) of the employees who reported being “not exposed/low exposure” to all of the variables reported disabling shoulder pain. This compared with 73/276 (26%) of those who reported a “high exposure” to only one variable, 43/97 (44%) of those who reported a “high exposure” to any two variables, and 23/29 (79%) of those employees who reported a “high exposure” to three or more variables.
Occurrence of disabling shoulder pain by number of variables reported by subjects entered into the final model
Discussion
Previously it has been shown that occupational conditions, such as sustained work above shoulder level and repetitive arm movements, are related to the development of shoulder symptoms.19-24 The findings from this study are consistent with these observations. However, manual handling as a potential risk factor for shoulder and arm pain has rarely been investigated, with greater emphasis being placed on the association of such activities with low back pain.25 In the current study it was found that lifting weights, carrying weights, and pulling weights were all significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain. This highlights the importance of considering the full range of occupational physical demands (working posture, manual handling activities, and repetitive arm movements) when investigating the role of the physical working environment in the occurrence of shoulder pain.
All aspects of the psychosocial working environment relating to psychological demands were found to be significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain. These findings are consistent with those of other cross sectional surveys, which report a modest but significant increase in the risk of shoulder pain for jobs with high psychological demands.26 27 However, there was no association between decision authority, social support, and disabling shoulder pain; features of the psychosocial working environment described previously as being related to the development of shoulder symptoms.27
The GHQ score, representing psychological wellbeing, was also found to be significantly associated with disabling shoulder pain. This finding is consistent with other studies of musculoskeletal pain, which have found psychological distress to be related to the subsequent development of symptoms.28
The modelling procedure was used to identify groups at high risk for the occurrence of disabling shoulder pain. Different strategies of intervention would be needed to deal with the three occupational factors found to contribute independently to risk. Ergonomic redesign of jobs would help to reduce the duration of working above shoulder level and lifting weights with one hand. The reasons for rating the work environment as stressful were not investigated in this study, but appropriate intervention would need to be devised and evaluated in workplaces in which stress is found to be a problem.
METHODOLOGICAL ISSUES
Although every effort was made to survey the full workforce from all the occupational settings, some employees were absent at the time of the survey. This could lead to a distortion of the results owing to the “healthy worker effect”; employees with musculoskeletal symptoms being more likely to be away from work on sick leave because of their symptoms. However, only 30 such people were identified and after consultation with the personnel departments it was found that none of these were absent owing to shoulder symptoms.
Measurement of the physical demands of work was made over a one hour reference period selected randomly throughout the employees' shifts. This period was selected in preference to extended time periods and average exposure measurement during a shift, given the limitations in validating such assessment.10 After observing the working practices of the study group, it was evident that occupational activities could be well defined in a relatively short reference period because tasks did not vary substantially across the shift.
Finally, interpretations from this study are limited by its cross sectional design as it is not possible to establish the temporal course of events leading to the onset of disabling shoulder pain; both the exposures and disease are measured at the same point in time. It is unlikely that having disabling shoulder pain would result in employees working with greater physical demands (although there is a possibility that employees with symptoms might perceive their work as more physically demanding). However, the relation between psychosocial factors and shoulder symptoms is less clear. For example, although significant associations were found between occupational psychosocial demands (work defined as monotonous/repetitive, too hectic/fast, or causing stress/worry) and disabling shoulder pain, it might be the case that having such shoulder symptoms actually causes employees to experience greater psychological demands rather than the psychological demands themselves being risk factors for disabling shoulder pain. However, in a detailed review of studies considering the role of the occupational psychosocial working environment in the development of arm pain, Bongers et alidentified two longitudinal studies which identified occupational psychological demands as predictors of neck/shoulder pain.9 In addition, it has been noted that psychological factors often predict the future onset of physical symptoms, such as musculoskeletal pain.28 29 It is therefore likely that the occupational factors identified in this study as being associated with disabling shoulder pain are likely to precede the onset of such symptoms rather than occur exclusively as a consequence of such pain.
Summary
This large cross sectional survey has identified a wide range of occupational physical demands associated with disabling shoulder pain across a variety of manual occupational settings using a validated self completion questionnaire. We have shown that the amount of time spent in constrained working postures, carrying out manual handling activities, and making repetitive arm movements are all associated with disabling shoulder pain. In addition, this study has identified features of the psychosocial working environment associated with shoulder symptoms. Using multivariate analytical techniques, we identified groups of employees at a “high risk” for disabling shoulder pain due to exposure to both physical and psychosocial factors. The study provides useful information for possible ergonomic interventions in order to reduce the burden of such symptoms.
The Manchester Occupational Physical Demands.One of the most iconic wrestlers of all time, James Brian Hellwig, popularly known as The Ultimate Warrior, has died at the age of 54, days after being inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Hall of Fame.
According to reports, Warrior collapsed yesterday evening April 8th while walking to his car with his wife in Arizona outside of their hotel. He was rushed to the hospital where he was pronounced dead.
When he was added to the Hall of Fame on April 5th, Ultimate Warrior said “One day everyone must breath his last. And at that time, all that would matter would be what you had done while you were breathing. That’s what keeps your legacy living…”
He is survived by his wife and two daughters. May his soul rest in peace…
AdvertisementsTT38, the tomb of Djeserkareseneb
also known as Djeserka
The tomb complex is located at the south east corner of the lower enclosure of Sheikh Abd el-Qurna (see bottom right corner of this ), the whole hill being a burial site at this time and with more than 100 tombs of the 18th Dynasty in this lower area. TT38 was constructed during the reign of Tuthmosis IV and almost certainly extended into the early part of that of Amenophis III. The location well reflects the middle social status of Djeserkareseneb, because the dignitaries of this period were buried higher up the hill, to the north-east, in sight of Deir el Bahari. It was only later, when the place was full, that the dignitaries would use the lower part of the hill.
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE TOMB COMPLEX
Type of tomb
TT38 presents the usual shape of the tomb complexes of the 18th Dynasty, consisting of an open courtyard, then two inner chambers (sometimes with annexes, this one doesn't have any). The inner chambers took the shape of an inverted "T", with the entry from the courtyard being (usually) at the centre of the cross member. The burial chamber is normally accessible by a well-shaft, either located in the courtyard or in one of the internal chambers, in this tomb it's in the first chamber.
Orientation of the tomb
Symbolically the courtyard should be oriented toward the east (sunrise, the Nile, day and life), whilst the interior chambers should be to the west (to the setting sun, darkness and kingdom of the dead). TT38, like many of the tombs, deviates from this east-west axis to a more north-south one, because of the alignment of the hill into which it is constructed. The courtyard is at the northern end, with the inner chambers to the south.
Quality of the tomb
The tomb complex was cut into a steep limestone slope which also consists of shale. As usual no major expense had been given to the quarrying of the tomb, and many of the internal walls are not straight, nor are the two ends of the first chamber symmetrical. Currently, a set of modern steps leads into the courtyard, which is also mainly of modern construction. The surounding walls consist of rubble set in mortar and then faced with soft lime plaster.
The poor quality of the rock would not have safely permitted the construction of a tomb of larger dimensions. To do this would have required the whole complex to have been cut at a much lower level in order to find a layer of suitable quality.
Although it is unfinished and damaged in places, it still reveals much about its owner's life and work. In many places the damage to the decoration was deliberate and took place during the Amarna period with the intention of removing all traces of the name Amun.
Modern history of the tomb
The tomb was cleared by members of the Mission Archeologique Francaise in the eighteen-eighties and again in 1908 by Weigall.
TT38 was documented for the French mission by Père Scheil. The walls were originally copied by Norman de Garis Davies. His intention was to use them for the purpose of comparison in a publication devoted to the tomb of Nakht, TT52. They were were finally published in the joint publication for this tomb and others, with his wife (Nina), in 1963. The tomb was also covered briefly by Bertha Porter and Rosalind B. Moss in 1927 and by Friederike Kampp in his German publication in 1996. See bibliography for further details.
DJESERKARESENEB AND HIS FAMILY
Djeserkareseneb
(Djeser-ka-re-seneb), also known just as Djeserka
, held the positions/titles of
"scribe counter of the grain of Amun" and
"steward of the second priest of Amun", who is not actually named in TT38. Djeserka lived during the reigns of Thutmosis IV and Amenophis III. His title of "counter of the grain of Amun" is further extended on one of the walls to
"counter of the corn in the granary of the divine offerings and temples which were under their administration".
His personal character is given on the east wall as being
"The unique one of trustworthy counsel, loved by everyone, exact and just of heart, impartial, praised by his master every day, not [ . . .], a servant of his master, overseer of the milk-cows (?) [ . . .]", this last title seems strange (see the highlighted glyphs opposite, -- the cow determinative is lost).
In most texts in the complex he is simply named Djeserka, but his full name of Djeserkareseneb is found on the western half of the south wall of the transverse hall. In all occurrences of his titles the name Amun has been removed, and in some cases this also includes some additional text.
During the end of the reign of Thutmosis IV, the second priest of Amun (referred to in his titles) was Amenhotep-sa-se, the owner of tomb TT75, where Djeserkareseneb is named as the steward of his household twice. In TT38 Djeserka has based some of his scenes on those from TT75, especially those of the field measuring and of the musicians. It seems that during or after his service to Amenhotep-si-se, Djeserka was placed in charge of the corn lands of Amun, which probably included the control of the lands subject to an annual temple tax. Tomb TT75 is located in the upper el-Qurna enclosure.
His wife, named Wadjrenpet
is identified in the tomb as
"his beloved sister of his affection, the mistress of the house".
His sons :
- Menkheper
is identified as
"his son, the scribe". The name is probably an abbreviation of Menkhepere. He is shown at the same height as his mother and father, on the east side of the north wall of transverse hall, almost certainly identifying him as the eldest of the sons.
- Neferhebef
is also identified as
"his son the scribe" and
"the goose herdsman".
- Nebse[n]y
, identified as
"his son, the scribe and overseer of the weavers of Amun".
His daughters :
- Nebtawi"
, is identified as
"his beloved daughter, mistress of the house". Note that the term "mistress of the house" implies a married status, which the other daughter (below) is not given.
- Meryra"
, identified as
"his beloved daughter".
GENERAL LAYOUT AND DECORATION
As previously mentioned, the complex consists of an open courtyard, then two chambers, which were created in the shape of an inverted "T".
The slope of the hill, into which the chambers of the complex would be excavated, was cut back to provide a vertical surface in the limestone rock. The resulting horizontal surface in front of the entry thus provided a small courtyard. It would have been normal for stelae and offering tables to be set up in this area, but none have survived.
The entrance to the inner chambers is located at the centre of the rock face at the rear south end of the courtyard. Because these chambers were intended to serve as a house for the dead, a feature so important to the ancient Egyptians, it was metaphorically treated as lying on an east-west axis, even though it was physically orientated on a north-south one. This symbolic orientation represents the transition at death from the rising to the setting sun. However, the complex also served as a meeting point between the living and the dead, when at the time of the Great Festival of the Valley, (the equivalent of the Christian All Souls' Day), the living relatives would come to the tomb bringing flowers, food and drink to commemorate (in the courtyard) their dead ancestors.
Of the two connecting passageways and two chambers, only the left side of the main entrance passageway and the transverse hall appear to have been decorated.
The draftsman of TT38, who obviously had great skill, does not appear to display much originality. As stated above, he based his 'field measuring and musician' scenes on those of TT75. He also borrowed further scenes from TT52 (the tomb of Nakht, to the south-west), in particular the banqueting scene, which is actually more complete in TT38.In Cinemas
Simon Kinnear reviews Simon Killer
Only two Ns and an A away from my name, but a world apart in terms of mood and characterisation. At least, I hope so.
Simon Killer
(Antonio Campos, 2012)
If you review films long enough, chances are that eventually you’ll review one that has your name in the title. I’d always assumed it would be an existing film that I hadn’t seen – Bunuel’s Simon Of The Desert – until a new pretender came along that manages to nearly sound like my surname as well as my first name.
So: Simon Kinnear, meet Simon Killer, the tale of an overeducated slacker who wanders aimlessly around Paris, shacks up with a prostitute and starts an ill-advised amateur blackmail racket. Marvellous. It makes me pine for the days when the worst of my troubles was getting mistaken for gay artist Simon (Kinnear) out of As Good As It Gets.
Given its status as near-namesake, I wish I liked Antonio Campos’ film more, but it’s the kind of story that goes out of its way to be difficult in order to appear more sophisticated. It has that 1970s vibe of being a character study with zero interest in a wider narrative, becoming increasingly insular and abstruse just as it was promising to become about something more than merely one dislikeable guy’s sociopathy.
Whereas, say, Taxi Driver (an obvious influence) presented a portrait of 1970s New York and post-Vietnam America, Simon is so studied and apathetic to stand for everything. Instead, he is dulled by indolence and veiled misogyny into a life of walking the streets, his hip electropop sounstrack turned up to maximum to try and coax himself out of his ennui. In other words, it’s like a Bret Easton Ellis story without the humour.
Campos draws two smart performances from Brady Corbet as Simon, and 30 Shots of Rum’s Mati Diop as his partner in bed and business – and the fact that the two have story credit explains the languorous pacing and fearless, uncomfortably explicit shared scenes. It feels admirably raw and improvised. Even so, Campos has settled on alienation as both theme and leitmotif, and conspires to frame the film so that the actors’ faces – and, frequently, their entire heads – are outside the frame. There are only so many times you can watch the back of Corbet’s head while he strolls along before it becomes a bad Gus Van Sant parody.
True, the film has a strong sense of geography, portraying a seedy, decidedly non-touristy vision of Paris: the film’s best shot sees Simon at the Louvre looking at the Mona Lisa, but the audience’s vision is obstructed by a dozen camera phones. Similarly, the use of music – switching tracks mid-scene as Simon impatiently shuffles his iPod – has a laconic thrill in keeping with the study of a hipster with too much time on his hands. But, ultimately, Simon remains too blank, and Campos’ distance too remote, for this to catch fire.
Meanwhile, I’ve recently received a press release about a new ‘alien abduction film’ called The Search For Simon. According to the blurb, this is “a comedy science-fiction feature film about a man named David and his lifelong search for alien life. When David was 10 years old, his younger brother Simon disappeared from his life forever. His father told him that Simon ‘now lives with the space people.’” Give me strength.
Simon Killer is released in cinemas on Friday 12th April.
Related posts
Tagged 2013 films, ReviewsForget Treasurys, bonds or REITs, there’s more value in dividend paying equities!
That’s according to 4-star fund manager Diane Jaffee of TCW, who oversees $5.6 billion fund that’s focused on dividend payers.
As of March 31, 2012 the top holdings for TCW Dividend Focused fund were:
Pfizer
Chevron
JPMorgan Chase
Home Depot
Kraft
Jaffee tells us, “We look for increasing cash flow, leading to increasing operating margins leading to increasing earnings and then being paid out in terms of dividend yield.”
And all of the names listed above fit the bill. “The story is not over,” she says.
White Kidney Bean Extract
Where reviews refer to foods or cosmetic products, results may vary from person to person. Customer reviews are independent and do not represent the views of Myprotein.
4.125
(8 reviews)
Very good , very cheap and very happy
I find that this product does exactly what it is meant to do. Don't get me wrong it is not a magical pill that will make you burn fat, but it does aid your body in burning fat. Mixed in with the right diet and training plan this pill is very effective. I cannot fault it in any way.
IIt’s a miracle of life’s incongruities that a single day could be both wonderful and horrific. But that’s the correct description for the last 24 hours.
Four of us — two old fogies and two teenagers — arrived on Nantucket yesterday to find the one toilet in our cottage so plugged up that, not only was it declared user-free, it was potentially going to be that way for a very long time. Since this house has only one loo, having that one out of service left us all wondering if we should just turn around and go home. Which, in July, is much easier said than done. In fact, we were stuck. For at least the night. Peeing in the woods has such primitive charm . . . until you have no alternative but to do just that.
What I learned is this: there’s no better way to take casual relationships, especially those separated by generations, on to an entirely new footing than having to discuss the intimacies of who needs to do what when and how we are going to do it. The teens were predictably uncomfortable but, being well brought up, pretended otherwise. Especially when it was time to go to bed, and it was declared that we would all climb into the car and drive down to the Steamship Authority’s public toilets for a group tinkle. ‘Group’ as in, we all went together, after which we ungrouped to head for our gender designated restrooms.
Is this the stuff memories are made of or what? By the time we got home, we were all laughing about it and figuring out how we were going to handle the morning call of nature. But of course! We would go to breakfast at the Downy Flake, that iconic island diner famous for its cake donuts, not this time for their succulent baked goods but for their clean and available restrooms. Suddenly, talk of leaving the island had vanished and the unspoken but unanimous decision to stick it out was made. The Toilet Dilemma had morphed into our personal bond in under 12 hours.
Today, after the Downy Flake, the kids went to Dionis Beach (where they have toilets and we all partook of the opportunity) while the cottage was invaded first by two plumbers (candidates for sainthood since it is a well known fact that plumbers on Nantucket are more elusive than God himself and yet here they were!) and then by a sewer specialist, the toilet problem having escalated from a simple blockage to a monumental nightmare. They plunged and they reemed; they brought in coils and compressors; they spoke in hushed tones of excavation. It was too worrisome to watch, so we assuaged our sorrows with a sandwich order from Something Natural, picked up the kids and took them out to Cisco for a surfing lesson.
It was, by all accounts, the finest summer day yet on the island this year. Sunny, dry and hot but not hot-hot. Both kids got up on their boards on their very first tries; Cajun played in her first real surf; Pete and I dozed in the shade of our LLBean beach cabana. Life was good. Especially if you didn’t have to pee and you didn’t think too very far into the future of one fragile toilet.
By the time we got home, we had a working john. If only just. And on the porch was a bag left by the sewer guy labeled “Gunk.” I won’t go into details of the contents of that bag, though I will say Pete could not resist, as he put it, getting his hands dirty, to have a look. In fact, he was disappointed. Nothing there. But on my phone, an ominous text from my caretaker: “You have a working toilet. But there are other issues. Call me.”
We are far from out of the woods on this toilet issue. In fact, the woods are the problem itself. What the plumbers extracted was loads and loads of . . . vegetation! . . .a sampling of which they left for us to examine. Roots. And tendrils. Somewhere underground, the pipes are compromised, allowing an invasion of living matter. But this is to-be-continued. For now, there is nothing more to do until the next diagnostics are run.
Never mind. We are just back from the Juice Bar, following a lobster dinner. The four of us, two old fogies and two teens, will never forget this week, in which we bonded over a busted commode.
Good things have grown out of this shared adventure. Even if good things are not growing inside our sewer pipes.
— Belle Songer
What a great memory to share with those two. You’ll all laugh about it the rest of your lives.
Too true. Very special..
Anchorage Exterior Post Light
Atlantis Outdoor Post Light
3 Finishes
Dorian Exterior Post Light
2 Finishes
Anderson's Forge 18" Exterior Post Light in Aged Iron
Felicity Exterior Post Lantern
Trellis Outdoor Pier-Mount Lantern
Charlemagne Exterior Post Light
Harmony Large Post Lantern in Imperial Bronze
Trafalgar Large Exterior Post Light
Harbor Pier-Mount Entry Light
Harbor Exterior Post Light
Liberty Medium Exterior Post Light
Circa-1910 Exterior Post Light in Old Rust
Hillcrest Extra Large Post Lantern In Imperial Bronze
Trellis Outdoor Post Lantern
New Castle Outdoor Post Light With Halogen Lamping
York Outdoor Entry Post Light In Matte Black
Marine Exterior Post Light
Powell Exterior Post Light
Hillcrest Large Post Lantern In Imperial Bronze
Shelter Outdoor Post Light
Sullivan Exterior Post Lantern
Tucker Outdoor Post Lantern
Regal Exterior Post Light
Manhattan Outdoor Post / Pier Light In Olde Bronze
Barrington Colonial Post Light Fixture In Victorian Bronze
Devon Post Lantern In Imperial Bronze
Hudson Exterior Post Light
Chimera Large Post Light In Imperial Bronze
Steadman Post Light
All Site Contents ©2015, House of Antique Hardware, Inc. Antique-By-Hand® is a registered trademark of House of Antique Hardware, Inc.South Korea: Summer Sports / Winter Sports
Games: 9 summer games in 8 countries
Events: 3
Participants: 18 (15 men and 3 women)
Youngest Participant: Kim Myeong-Geon (18 years, 180 days), 1988 Summer Games
Oldest Participant: Lee Chun-Heon (28 years, 105 days), 2008 Summer Games
Most Medals (Athlete): No medalists
Go to the main Modern Pentathlon indexChat <
Pregnancy & Birth Clubs <
Pregnancy
1
-
16
of 16
20/05/2008 at 09:56
23/05/2008 at 16:51
24/05/2008 at 15:24
29/05/2008 at 04:49
04/06/2008 at 09:37
09/06/2008 at 16:10
10/06/2008 at 12:52
13/06/2008 at 12:15
09/07/2008 at 16:57
13/07/2008 at 14:27
11/03/2012 at 21:30
12/03/2012 at 10:48
04/01/2013 at 22:06
I am 48 and because of several recent circumstances in my life, I am getting ready to try for my first child. I am scared of what might happen, but feel like God is telling me that it is my last chance to conceive and that he will give me and my husband a child. I read another blog recently that had several posts from women in their mid forties to early fifties that all had healthy babies and did not regret it at all, as well as messages from children of older parents that had a great life and great parents.
21/01/2013 at 15:13
Hi, I had my little girl when I was 44! After years of trying and a miscarriage the previous year at 8 weeks I really thought I would never be a mum. Also my sister had her first baby at 41 and second at 43. All of these were natural conceptions and thankfully the three babies were all healthy. I was really nervous throughout the pregnancy and had 3 private scans and hired a heart doppler etc and was convinced every symptom was a problem!! I actually had a great pregnancy and my little girl is the best thing ever happened to me. Good luck to everyone trying, I know how desperate you can become.
21/09/2013 at 23:05
I am so down, i really want another baby or babies, my husband and i have been married 2yrs and have lost 4 and we so long too have our own. I have a son 10yrs old from a prev relationship and was 30 when i had him, premature at 31.5 weeks and 2 pounds and 10 and half ounces, he is 10 now and healthy. I cant help feeling so discouraged and down that i am not pregnant yet.............
02/03/2014 at 00:43
Hey,
I'm 41 and never had a child. I've always been scared of when they become teens. Lately, I've been having major baby heart pangs...I'm sure you understand...holding a 6 month little girl this week made me really hurt for what I've missed out on. But then I think of the pains I can't protect them from, of the heart break of watching them get their hearts broken. I was ok with never having children before, so why now do I have to feel so sad about it? I don't know. I just know my heart aches for that child sometimes.
I'm so impressed by everyone's bravery and strength through a pregnancy in your 40s. Blessings of health and joy!
Continues below ad
Nice to see you! Please do nose around, sign up and join in.
We use cookies to improve your experience of our website. Read more.Quest:The Windwatcher
The Windwatcher is the 1st quest in the The Windwatcher quest chain.
Objectives
Speak with Bath'rah the Windwatcher.
Description
Now.
Gains
Upon completion of this quest you will gain:
Quest chain
[30] The Islander
[30] The Affray
[30] The Windwatcher
[40] Cyclonian
[40G] The Summoning
[40] Whirlwind WeaponArticle Text
Abstract
Background It has been suggest a link between circulating levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and metabolic risk factors. It is know that metabolic syndrome (MetS) is strongly predictive of cardiovascular disease(CVD) and in rheumatoid arthritisRA there is an increased risk for CVD due to atherosclerosis resulting from systemic inflammation, medications and insulin resistance.
Objectives The aim of this study is to look at the relations from 25(OH)D levels and the risk factors of MetS and the influence of 25(OH)D levels on insulin resistance
Methods Fiftyfive RA patients (treated with a stable dose of Methotrexate and free of glucocorticoids theraphy from at least three months) were enrolled [mean age 52.3±5.4 years; median disease duration 75±28 months) after informed consent and Ethical Committee approval. Forthy percent of them were positive for the IgM Rheumatoid Factor (>20 IU/ml); 56% were positive for the anti CCP (12.5-20 U/ml]: 29 age- matched subject served as controls. All the patients fulfilled the ACR criteria for the diagnosis of RA and MetS. The Homoeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) index was used to measure insulin resistance and the Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) to measure insulin sensitivity. 25(OH)D was assayed by radioimmunoassay (DiaSorin). Vitamin D levels were classified as normal (>30 ng/ml), insufficient (<30, >10 ng/ml) or deficient (<10 ng/ml). Peripheral blood was collected after a 12 h fasting period. Subjects were classified as MetS positive according to the Adult Treatment Panel III Criteria(1)whenever at least three out of five of the following risk factors were present: increased waist circumference (WC) <102 cm in men and <88 cm in women, elevated serum triglycerides >150 mg/dL, reduced serum high density lipoprotein (HDL-cholesterol) <50 mg/dL in men and 50 mg/dL in womenfasting plasma glucose (FGP) >109 mg/dL, elevated systolic blood pressure (SBP) >130 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure (DBP) >85 mmHg.
Results The mean levels of 25(OH)D in RA patients were found significantly lower compared with the control group (74.2±30.9 ng/ml vs 96.8±39.3 ng/ml; p<0.001). 25(OH)D levels in RA patients were inversely correlated with HOMA (p=0.02), Triglycerides (p=0.03), Systolic Blood pressure (p=0.02), HDL-cholesterol (p=0.005), and positively correlated with QUICKI (p=0.02) and Insulin serum levels (p=0.003). However, no relationship was observed between 25(OH)D levels and BMI or Waist circumference.
Conclusions We observed a significant relationship between low levels of 25(OH)D and several metabolic risk factors for MetS in RA patients. Further research is need to elucidate possible relationship between 25(OH)D and the development of MetS.
National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Circulation 2002;106:3143-34.FRIDAY MORNING UPDATE:
Cleanup is going on around the clock near Casselton, ND after more than 30 train cars derailed there Thursday evening.
Emergency crews cleared the scene around 12:30 Friday morning.
No injuries were reported in the incident but local officials are demanding answers about how this could happen for the second time in less than a year.
The Valley Today's Kristi Larson says BNSF officials are on the scene Friday morning starting their investigation into what happened.
BNSF officials tell Valley News Live they are fully cooperating with local authorities. They expect to have one of the lines open by 8:00 p.m. Friday and the second line open by Saturday morning.
UPDATE:
When the word first broke about another train derailment near Casselton, North Dakota Thursday evening, many thought of December 2013 derailment popped into many minds. This time around much better news; no explosions and no fireballs.
Crews are cleaning up Thursday just west of Casselton, where cars from 2 BNSF trains derailed. BNSF has begun investigating what happened.
Here is what we know:
An Eastbound train carrying lumber and paper products collided with a West bound train hauling empty oil tankers. Cass County Sheriff's Office is reporting about 31 cars from both trains derailed. It happened just after 5:30 p.m. West of Casselton, near the Tharaldson Ethanol Plant.
Propane tanks on railroad property were sandwiched by the derailments. Early reports indicated that one might be leaking. Valley News Live has had a reporter on the scene since 6 p.m.
Dozens of firefighters, two ambulance services and dozens of sheriff's deputies responded to the derailment all expecting flames and explosions.
"I was hoping this wasn't a anniversary deal like last year, but fortunately this one turned out better than last year. We're always thinking about it though," said Casselton Fire Chief Tim McLean.
It did turn out better this time; there were no injuries and only mangled steel. First responders said they were ready.
"Yes we have been training. We have always kind of trained for it. This last year, we have been training more heavily into it. So we knew the situation, who to call, what to do, how to react and how to go up and get the information," said McLean.
According the Cass County Sheriff's Department, they say their response was effective and efficient to Thursday's derailment. Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney just briefed the mayor of Casselton, a short time ago. The perimeter that is set up around the derailment site, should be lifted around midnight allowing traffic to flow around the site.
We will have more updates on the Valley Today Friday morning from 4:30 a.m. to 7 a.m.
ORIGINAL STORY.What Type Of Car Warranty Is Best For You?
Drive It And Fly It - Its The Car Of The Future When you are searching for the top extended car warranties, one of the greatest decisions you are going to face is if to acquire from the manufacturer or perhaps a third-party provider. Extended warranties can be expensive, however the benefits are worth it if youre getting a creation that meets your needs and expectations and delivers on its promises. So now this brings up a really interesting question if in reality you choose to get a new and even truck. Should I pay extra with an auto warranty on a used car? And how can I avoid purchasing a horrible service contract it doesnt cover wear as well as common repairs that my vehicle might be at risk of? Am I going to end up holding the bag? No one wants to cover a premium price for a warranty and now have to pay thousands in repairs. Another advantage of choosing the very best auto warranty is they will place the consumer at ease. This is because each warranty is backed by some insurance company thats secured by warranty administrators. Therefore, the affordable, suitable coverage is simply as reliable because it is light about the wallet. Finally, consumers dont need to spend a fortune to get the best car warranty - theyre able to feel secure within their purchases since warranties are supported. An inclusionary or stated-component coverage warranty is just what you would have it, an insurance plan that specifically lists what is covered and what is excluded. An inclusionary policy may cover major vehicle component repairs. temp car insurance With these policies you may also be capable of buy increase coverage. A stated component warranty is usually purchased by someone that buys a vehicle which includes between 50,000 and 100,000 miles. Going for aftermarket parts are not a smart action to take. If you are not clear using the concept of aftermarket parts then i want to explain it for your requirements in simple words. Aftermarket parts are some of the parts manufactured and offered by companies besides the original company that your car belongs. In an aftermarket part company, the aim is always to produce parts which can be fixed as a substitute towards the other genuine areas of your vehicle.In December, Windows 8 gained 0.66 percentage points -- from 1.11% to 1.77% -- according to the latest data from Net Applications. That represents “solid” growth for Microsoft’s
new operating system, according to The Next Web. But, “The real jump for Windows 8 will come in January, after all those shiny new PCs get a full month of online usage,” it predicts.
Read the whole story at The Next Web »Mushing Through The Snowy Streets/
Paul Kearney with his and dogs Tucker, left, and Summer. Photo provided by Paul Kearney
By Joseph Marasciullo
info@longislandergroup.com
A Smithtown man implemented a somewhat unusual traveling method last week as Winter Storm Grayson hit the Town of Huntington.
Paul Kearney and his Siberian huskies, Tucker and Summer, made their way down Larkfield Road in East Northport last Thursday, the dogs pulling a bike that Kearney was riding.
The traveling method, bikejoring, is part of Kearney’s repertoire as a dog trainer.
He has been bikejoring Tucker and Summer for the past six years.
The two dogs are frequent social media stars, and made a splash last Thursday when a video of their snow escapades was posted to Kearney’s Facebook page. The video had more than 450,000 views as of deadline
Kearney himself has been bikejoring for many years, and has also tried many variations, including skijoring and snowboard joring.
Siberian huskies Summer, left, and Tucker pull Paul Kearney down Larkfield Road in East Northport last Thursday, as Winter Storm Grayson hit the area with strong winds and snow.
He and his faithful companions also enjoy riding around other areas of town, including Hecksher Park in Huntington.
Kearney believes that bikejoring and similar dog and owner adventures are great for building a relationship between the two. He said dogs and people should be “teammates” and have positive, loving relationships.
Kearney, through his Pawesome Dogs Dog Training business, teaches dogs through holistic, non-punitive methods, including positive reinforcement and reward systems.
“Dog training is an art form,” he said, adding that “if you do it the right way it can be something very beautiful”Fresno - Santa Clarita, California
We take our time getting ready Saturday morning. It's strange to leave our home behind, knowing we won't return until the following evening. It's another first for us.
The drive north over the Grapevine, and up Highway 99 is a familiar one. Still, it is a unique experience with all the vibrant poppies covering the mountain before and following the summit at Fort Tejon.
Okay, so rest stops aren't generally something to get excited about.....but it's a nice surprise when they are :-)))
We've come to Fresno to celebrate two family birthdays. Our cousin-in-law Kurt turns 50 today, and Bill's mom, Anne, will be 92 on Sunday. We're staying with Cindy and Kurt, their three boys, and Aunt Kathy. In addition to a nice big home, they also own the neighboring lot where they host large gatherings on a regular basis.
Tonight it will be the site of Kurt's birthday bash. But first we head over to surprise Ann who lives close by in a very nice assisted living home. Surprise might be an understatement - she is overwhelmed when she sees her son.
We have a nice visit before returning to help get things ready for the evening. Nick and Corey (Bill's two oldest) have arrived and are doing the real helping :-)
It's a big party and everyone has a great time. Fun to meet new people and see several family folks we haven't seen in a couple years.
We enjoy visiting with Cindy and family Sunday morning. It's so fun having the time to just hang out and get caught up.
Cindy is an amazing baker and of course Anne's cake is not only delicious but lovely as well.
Bill and Cindy pick up Anne and bring her over for pizza (her request) and cake and lots of story-telling with family. She is doing soooo much better since moving to California. It was definitely a good move for everyone.
The house has two pets - dog Lola and cat Mosey. Tessa and Lola get along well, and although Tessa tries to ignore Mosey, the cat stalks her. He crouches and crawls toward her, looking like he'll attack at any time. This is going on on the patio when suddenly Lola rushes out of the doggie door and runs Mosey off. Hysterical! Then it happens again a little while later. Tessa clearly has a protector :-))))
The boys head out and after Anne returns to her home, we too must say our good-byes for our drive south. We're glad to be able to say "see you soon" as we'll return for a longer visit the first week of May.
We had such a great time.
Since hitting the road we have stopped eating fatty or processed meats. Mostly we just miss having bacon, but a good pastrami sandwich is like the holy grail. The very best we've ever had is served at The Hat - a small SoCal chain that opened in 1951 and is still extremely popular.
Monday we decide to splurge and make the 30 minute drive to split a pastrami sandwich and a bag of delicious onion rings. Won. Der. Ful.
Another of Nick's good friends, Craig, stayed with us for a short time and is very much like family. His work schedule is super crazy but we manage to get a visit on Monday evening. And he brings his adorable littles - Craig and Avery. We love getting caught up with them.
Just a few days before we're back on the road. We'll miss the kids a lot, but the hitch itch is very strong!!
Great family memories and pictures Jodee. Cool idea to have the taco truck and I bet he stayed busy! And yes, Anne's cake looks almost too pretty to cut...I'm sure it was yummy!
What a nice idea to design the rest stop with information and colorful panels. Makes the stretch so much more interesting. And those photos of the poppies were amazing !
Thanks Gay, it turned out to be a much better drive than I remember :-)))))
What a wonderful surprise for Bill's mom. What a delicious looking cake. Don't we all hope we'll have someone that talented who loves us enough to make one for us if we make it to 92. Was it chocolate? Love the Tessa's protector story.
She was so delighted! Yes and the chocolate was wONderful :-)))
Wow, love those brilliant patterns of poppies. I've never seen such a nice rest area. Love the coffee pot tower. Such a fun time you have with family. Funny how Tessa had a protector.
I wish rest areas all did something similar so even if we're just driving through an area we can learn more about it. Lola was so funny - she may have just been playing with the cat, but her timing was perfect!
What a great birthday celebration especially for Bill's mom:) Love the photo of her blowing out the candles:) It was great to hear she is doing much better now that she is closer to so much family.
The hills are so beautiful with the spring flowers...Wow! Great photos! What a very cool rest stop! Not the usual for sure! Thanks for sharing!
Safe travels!
Since I have no family other than the boys, it's especially wonderful for me to have this big married-in-to family. We have a really great time with them.
I was bummed we were missing the desert bloom, but those hills are incredible.
What a great family time, Jodee! Love the poppies on the mountain. Thanks for the tip on the rest area...we will make sure to hit that!
Thanks Jim. If one is going to stop anyway, might as well have a nice spot!
So many sweet photos of family! It's great to hear that Bill's mom has settled in and that all is well. She looks like she's surrounded by love. :-) That rest stop looks like a worthwhile place to pull over—and your photos of the poppy covered hills are gorgeous!
Thanks Lauren :-) It is quite the show on those hillsides!
How wonderful to catch up with family. What did Bill's mom think of his altered beard? :) The taco truck? Genius. Now that you've seen everyone, is it time to hit the road and head to Idaho? I am looking forward to following along on that trip!
She didn't say anything :) Tacos were so good! We're heading out Saturday but to Las Vegas and then Laughlin for our annual reunion. Then north through CA, OR and into WA. Staying in Carnation in July :-))) Idaho will be in the Fall.
The lowers have been amazing this spring. Glad you are getting plenty of family time.
We do so enjoy our family time!
Nice rest stop-I think we may have stopped there too, but my direct path to the restroom may have diverted me from the info panels :-/ Isn't it great that you get to spend so much time with family?! I bet they're glad you were able to join in the celebration :-)
Next time read the panels - on your way out of course :-))Episode Info:! I talk a bit about how I discovered this, why I think it so useful and important, and then we’ll walk through how you can apply it right now. You’ll find a worksheet to help you over at more »City partners with Amazon for $30 M. e-book contract
From Capital New York:
The Department of Education is about to approve a $30 million contract with Amazon to create an e-book e-book marketplace.
Schools chancellor Carmen Fariña has said she wants to boost the department’s technology credentials.
. . . ..
Link to the rest at Capital New York
Amazon, Ebooks, Ebooks in Education
What are poor kids going to do when they get home?
Or is the city going to give them computers too?
Funny how some schools can’t afford current textbooks but the DOE has $30 million for Amazon.
It isn’t $30 million for Amazon, it is $30 million for the school system. It sounds to me like they’re doing it this way to get current textbooks at a better price. Your first comment is a valid concern. I wonder if there aren’t some Kindles included in the plans for those without other usable devices.
“It isn’t $30 million for Amazon, it is $30 million for the school system.”
“The Department of Education is about to approve a $30 million contract with Amazon”
“for New York City’s 1,800 public schools.”
I can’t speak for all disciplines, but any student in engineering or the sciences will probably come out ahead on this, assuming they can get the etext for under fifty bucks, they’re saving money on the first book. They’d even be able to lose a few kindles and still be saving cash.
ETA just realized this is about public schools. Should still save the dept a lot of cash…
Last year, the school system where I live issued iPads to all the students in a specific grade. It was a trial program that must have resulted in something positive because this year they’ve expanded it to other grades. But I wondered the same thing re the kids in the NYC school system.
“What are poor kids going to do when they get home?”
You can get serviceable Android phones for $20 or so nowadays, far less than the hundreds of dollars that textbooks cost. Free wifi is everywhere, even at McDonalds. 🙂
A Raspberry Pi for $35 can plugin to almost any digital TV (add a mouse and keyboard for ~$10 if you can’t scrounge them up, and $5 for cables to connect things)
But I agree, kindles or tablets are probably going to be what most end up using.
Tablet/phone technologies are practically the native technology for under privileged communities. I worked in a heavily disadvantaged urban school district last year and the penetration of smart phones and tablets was nearly 100%. From just my class, about half of my 5th graders had their own smartphones or smart-devices. All but one had access to one at home. Classroom was 90% free-and-reduced lunch (poverty benchmark).
Smartphone/tablet technology is the native technology of underprivileged communities. I worked in a traditional high-poverty urban school district last year and smart-tech penetration was almost 100%. From my class of 5th graders alone, about half had their own smartphone or smart-device and all but one had access to one at home. My classroom had 90% meeting the criteria for free-and-reduced lunch (aka the poverty benchmark).
Editing to add only three of my students had a confirmed computer at home.
The school system will still need to provide books for children in low income neighborhoods. There are many children who live in homes that literally do not have any technology because anything of value is hocked, sold, traded or stolen so the item can be hocked, sold or traded. We could wish the world operated the way we like to think, but it does not. Education is our most valuable tool in fighting poverty and ignorance and it will take extra effort by the educated to see that all children have equal access in learning.
This is simply not true. I posted above about how prevalent smart-tech is among disadvantage communities. My experience is at an urban school located in a neighborhood with high gang and drug activity. Almost everyone had access to at least a basic smart-phone.
These communities are aware how important the Internet and staying connected are. The Internet is not a luxury and just about everyone in these communities holds a device, even if they can’t pay to keep the contract/minutes topped off. They us the wifi from McDonalds or the bodega or wherever.
I was low-income or middle class throughout my childhood, and though I technically had access in the home to electronics, that access was…erratic. It wasn’t unusual for one parent to cut power and/or Internet to the upstairs just because s/he was annoyed with my sibling or me. Much of my memory is missing before that, but severed access from my schoolwork did not strike me as unusual.
Even as an adult, my own belongings were not infrequently taken from me without my consent.
Don’t underestimate abusive parents. That is who Tiffee is referring to.Swansea City coach Garry Monk has claimed that he is aware of the source apparently leaking information about the Welsh club.
Monk has been trying to defuse pressure of late, following reports of a training ground confrontation between his players.
"I have a good idea of the source it's come from to try and unsettle us, but you could see on Sunday how unified the group are, so there are no problems," Monk told reporters, according to Goal.com.  currently find themselves sitting in 15th place in the Premier League table.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Quick Find: TTM500
Be the first to review this product
T-Cut Metallic Trigger Spray 500ml
Use T-Cut Metallic to clean away any light oxidation,
surfaces scratches, ingrained road dirt & grime, tar spots and baked on
insects. T-Cut Metallic will not harm your paintwork in any way
and will leave a thin transparent coating that offers a metallic &
pearlescent hue.
This product contains no silicones and will leave no harmfull residues.
After use your cars paintwork will look as good as new, ready for waxing
or a new coat of paint. T-Cut Metallic can also be used on many
painted surfaces found in the home, caravans, bikes and boats.>>IMAGE
non-clinical seats were Rs 6.5 lakh and 2.6 lakh respectively reports has gone up to 14.5 lacks and with NEET what is the benefit for children ? Where is NRI quota seats after NEET ? this is confusing all after NEET
how can the fees go this much high -means medical educationArticle Text
Abstract
Background The ACR launched the RISE registry in 2014 to facilitate quality improvement on a national scale. The registry passively extracts electronic health record (EHR) data from rheumatology practices, aggregates and analyzes these data centrally, and feeds performance on quality measures back to clinicians using a web-based dashboard.
Objectives We used data from RISE to 1) examine variation in performance on quality measures across practices, and 2) evaluate trends in measure performance over time.
Methods RISE's informatics platform continuously collects data from the EHRs of participating practices, allowing centralized aggregation and analysis of quality measures. We analyzed data collected between July 1, 2014-July 1, 2016 on all patients seen by 294 clinicians across 63 practices. Measures in the areas of rheumatoid arthritis, drug safety, preventive care and gout were examined. Performance on quality measures, defined as the percentage of eligible patients receiving recommended care, was examined at the practice level. To examine trends in performance over time, we took the subset of practices that continuously participated in RISE since its inception (n=44), and developed 1) control charts and 2) logistic regression models, in which the outcome was practice-level performance each month and the predictor was time.
Results Data from 289,812 patients was examined. Mean (SD) age was 59 (16) years, 75% were female, 21% were racial/ethnic minorities, and 37% had public insurance. Most rheumatologists were in a group practice (73%); 25% were in solo practice and 2% part of a larger health system. Performance on measures varied significantly across practices (Table). The largest gaps were observed for gout and preventive care. For 4 of 5 measures for which the Medicare program has set national benchmarks, average performance of RISE practices exceeded targets. Of 11 measures, performance improved over time on 5 measures (p<0.05 in logistic models; see Figure for example control chart), was at goal on 4 measures, and saw no improvement on 2 measures (BMI screening and urate target).
Conclusions We found significant variation in performance on quality measures across RISE practices, with the largest gaps seen in gout care and preventive care. Some practices have achieved a very high level of performance. Over time, RISE practices demonstrated improvement in over half of the measures examined. As rheumatologists aim to improve quality of care, RISE will, by design, allow participants to measure, benchmark, and continuously monitor performance.WASHINGTON (KSNT) – Multiple Kansas lawmakers are reacting following a shooting Wednesday morning just outside Washington.
A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia. Several other people were also believed to have been hit, according to a lawmaker who witnessed the shooting.
Capitol Police said officers who were part of Scalise’s security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody.
President Donald Trump said he was “deeply saddened by this tragedy” and was monitoring developments.
Kansas Congressman Roger Marshall (R-Kan.) tweeted that he is OK following the shooting. Marshall and Kevin Yoder (R-Kan.) are both on the baseball team. A spokesperson said Yoder and Marshall were not there. Marshall would have normally been there but skipped this practice. Marshall released the following statement:
“I am alright. This morning was one of just a handful of practices I haven’t made it to. Thank you for the many who have asked about me and offered support..
U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) said he was shocked and saddened by the news of the shooting and was praying for all impacted.
“Today and every day I am thankful for the efforts of the United States Capitol Police and all who work to keep those who serve in Congress and our staff safe.”
A spokeswoman for U.S. Senator Pat Roberts confirmed with KSNT News that he was not at the practice.
Kansas Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins (R-Kan.) released the following statement to KSNT News following the shooting.
“My prayers go out to Congressman Steve Scalise and his family, my Republican colleagues, staffers, and our Capitol police officers involved in this morning’s shooting. Thank you to our first responders for securing the area and keeping others safe.”
Kansas Congressman Ron Estes (R-Kan.) released.”
KSNT News will continue to follow and keep you updated on today’s incident.
The Associated Press contributed to this storyThe Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents
Guest blogger Ann Houghton reveals the impact accidents have on victims and their families
As RoSPA marks its centenary, more must be done to help keep the country's young people safe from accidental harm.
Remember, remember, the fifth of November is an apt saying for Bonfire Night.Do you have trouble in completely uninstalling LingvoSoft FlashCards Russian - Estonian for Palm 1.2.36 from your system? Are you looking for an effective solution to thoroughly get rid of it off the computer? Do not worry! You came to the right place, and you will be able to uninstall LingvoSoft FlashCards Russian - Estonian for Palm 1.2.36 without any difficulty.
Play LingvoSoft FlashCards Russian - Estonian for Palm OS and learn a foreign language!p Now you can memorize new foreign words quickly and easily! Just play one of four learning games which are quite fun and educational, and expand your vocabulary!p FlashCards is a powerful learning tool which helps you learn new word translations and spelling. With the help of this distinguished software the process of memorizing words turns into an exciting game. Russian - Estonian for Palm 1.2.36. If you also have this problem, you can find a useful solution for this.
It seems that there are many users who have difficulty in uninstalling software like LingvoSoft FlashCards Russian - Estonian for Palm 1.2 Russian - Estonian for Palm 1.2.36, Russian - Estonian for Palm and everything to get another vote.
Vote by Country
I captured that snapshot earlier in the evening. I have no update but it is likely reasonably close.
What I am certain of is the two biggest votes for remain were Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Final Question
I leave you with one final question: Whose country is this, and will Cameron support it?
Read More @ Zero Hedge.com
One thought on “Key Brexit Question: Is Cameron The Biggest Liar In History?”
Reblogged this on EU: Ramshackle Empire.----------------------------
University of Maryland Department of Physics 1117 John S. Toll Physics Building College Park , MD 20742
2006
04/06 - Issue 46
03/06 - Issue 45
02/06 - Issue 44
01/06 - Graduation Supplement
2005
12/05 - Issue 43
09/05 - Issue 42
07/05 - Issue 41
06/05 - Graduation Supplement
05/05 - Issue 40
04/05 - Issue 39
02/05 - Issue 38
2004
12/04 - Issue 37
11/04 - Issue 36
09/04 - Issue 35
06/04 - Issue 34
05/04 - Issue 33
04/04 - Issue 32
03/04 - Issue 31
02/04 - Issue 30
2003
12/03 - Issue 29
11/03 - Issue 28
09/03 - Issue 27
07/03 - Issue 26
05/03 - Issue 25
02/03 - Issue 24
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Home I Research Spotlight IAlumni Spotlight I News I Recent Events
Graduate Blog I Up Next I Letter from the Chair I Editors Note I ArchivesI Contact UsMrs. Anna A. Weiss, 79, of New Tripoli R.1, died Friday in Rolling Hills Hospital, Elkins Park, Montgomery County. She was the widow of Charles F. Weiss.
She was a laboratory worker at the Sharp and Dome Co., Philadelphia, for 20 years until retiring in 1958.
Born in Ireland, she was a daughter of the late Thomas and Elizabeth (McNichol) Dougherty.
Surviving are a daughter, Mrs. Marjorie A. Statkus, with whom she resided; a sister, Mrs. Margaret J. Stolte of Philadelphia, and two grandchildren.
Services will be announced by the Weber Funeral Home, 1619 Hamilton St., Allentown.City to College to City
Squash was his ticket-now he's passing the ticket on
Share this content.
Chris Fernandez ’15 grew up in a tough part of the Bronx, facing an uncertain future. Some of his friends hung out after school and got into trouble. He joined an after-school squash program and got into St. Lawrence, where he played baseball and captained one of the country’s best collegiate squash teams.
Today, Fernandez is back home as the director of squash for the after-school program that helped him, CitySquash. He’s trying to help other kids stay out of trouble and go to college.
“A lot of my friends joined gangs and some girls had babies before they were even freshmen in high school,” he said. “I wouldn’t necessarily have taken the same path, but I was lucky to have CitySquash.”
CitySquash, in the Belmont neighborhood of the Bronx, serves 180 local youth. It recruits from Thomas C. Giordano Middle School and from P.S. 205, Fiorello LaGuardia, both serving a low-income demographic. “It’s not uncommon for our families, when they report household income, to say $20,000,” said the program’s executive director, Terence Li.
As a kid, Fernandez made it through a rigorous, months-long trial period to earn a spot on CitySquash’s team. “After the first two weeks of tryouts I kind of liked it,” he said. “I was very competitive so I started noticing I was a bit better than the other kids.”
The next thing he knew, he was falling in love with the game. “I would say after two more weeks, I was sold,” he said.
Squash was Fernandez’s ticket to new opportunities. In middle school he outpaced his peers in the classroom and wasn’t challenged academically. “Where we lived wasn’t a good area,” he said. His mother, Diomeris Fernandez, is thankful for CitySquash. “Squash kept Chris busy and taught him discipline,” she said.
Squash also helped Fernandez earn scholarships to boarding school and attract attention from colleges. He spent eight years away from the Bronx, returning only on holidays. “When I came back from St. Lawrence for my first time freshman year, there was a whole group of kids who had families. They had wives, they had kids. It was mind-blowing,” he said.
Fernandez, who majored in performance and communication arts and minored in sport studies and exercise science, would like to have a family one day. But in the meantime, he wants to start his own urban squash program. “My ultimate goal is to create a bunch of young CitySquashers who will someday rule college squash,” he said.
In his words, he wants to groom kids to be like himself, but better. His mother thinks he turned out fine. “Thanks to squash, my son is a professional with an education, and not a street kid. I owe a lot to squash,” she said.
Megan Cerullo is a freelance writer based in Brooklyn. She played squash for Brown University.One.
Hi, I enjoy your website. This is a great site and I wanted to post a comment to tell you, nice job!
Thanks,
MiMi
I like and love to read this posting for it provides the useful info that can motivate and inspire me to do the best things I can doWilliams Sonoma Edge-Grain Carving Board, Walnut
Select Size:
- Exclusive
- Vendor Shipped
Easy, hassle-free returns online and in-store for eligible items.Learn More
- sustainably harvested walnut.
-
Extra Large Size: This item will be shipped directly from the manufacturer and is not eligible for rush shipping. Please allow one to two weeks for delivery.fortSql server 2005 dates between
Think of it as the opposite linux print to remote cups server downloading. Figure 1. We will try our best to answer your ticket as soon as possible. 3 based on an alignment of the VPS25 sequence (GenBank AB014763 ) with the sql server 2005 dates between sequence (build 36. You don't even have to know what you're doing, because again, nobody can verify what you say. Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now can save time and money by buying it now. The Visakhapatnam Steel Plant is a Government of India Enterprise that works of manufacturing and modification of steel since it was established. VSP is a registered trademark of Vision Service Plan. So, the primary reason for using different hosting accounts sqk to diversify any potential risks. Every customer is important to us and we get very excited when we hear from you. The distinction between cloud hosting providers and virtual private server hosting providers can be a tough one to grasp. To microsoft exchange activesync server address keep your site secure and up to date, you'll receive an email informing you when a new version of the software you have installed on your VPS via Softaculous is available. 5, 150 mm KCl for 15 min at room temperature to give a final concentration of dqtes mgml. vps36L5212 clones do not or only weakly (arrow) induce reporter activity (Cв). You can also load balance your incoming web traffic using iptables firewall rules. Ungerminated sql server 2005 dates between (0 hpi) were used as a control. For selective PI(3)P staining, the GSTвtagged PX domain (residues 1-148 of p40phox) was expressed in E. 22). SharePoint helps take Microsoft OfficeВ beyond the desktop, bringing it online for sharing and collaboration. Some web hosts give additional features like free domain; email accounts sql server 2005 dates between your domains; content management sql server 2005 dates between (CMS); Google adwords credit or some other form of advertising; site back up options; set ups for social features like forums, bulletin boards; website directx for windows server 2008 r2 with servre website templates; set ups for ecommerce websites like online stores templates; choice of operating system (OS) including windows, linux and java hosting. With its clever implementation as a simple network interface, extreme performance and minimal attack surface, it may well be the VPN solution of the future. Then, as we chose the second policy for managing a firewall, we'll start blocking incoming and redirected all traffic. Softaculous is the most popular cPanel auto installer and most of your shared hosting companies provide you with a customized version of cPanel to control you web hosting account. None of sql server 2005 dates between five sql server 2005 dates between are present in Pep12p. Finally, SGH-44ADM cells showed minimal differences as compared with parental cells, apart from SGH-44ADM cells being bigger in size, and with a wizened nucleus. In addition, sql server 2005 dates between has sql server 2005 dates between shown that hypoxia leads to the increased production of exosomes 2223 Therefore, significant efforts have been made by several groups to investigate whether tumor-derived exosomes in biological fluids could potentially serve as a multiple biomarker tsql iif sql server 2008 r2 tool for hypoxia-induced tumorigenesis. The following table contains an alphabetical listing and descriptions of the standard servsr used to classify websites. J Appl Cryst 1997;30:1022-1025. Topoisomerase I-dependent viability loss in Saccharomyces cerevisiae mutants defective in both Dattes conjugation and DNA repair. No one-step WordPress import. Our skilled support team has been trained through daily contact with developers and sysadmins,and will support you in setting up your web projects. Sometimes when you have installed for the main domain but not installed for sub-domains mac mini server optimization now you like to install on other domains or the main domain again. They can be powerful tools used in meditation to keep one mindful, grounded and present, serer consciousnessВ and overall well-being. I installed my social network application on their VPS, and it is running 247 without any issues. Server Level Protection: We ensure server level optimization datee against DDos with various Kernal Level tweaks, Mod_Security securely configured WebServer. Choosing a suitable provider depends on what type of website you want to have: hobby, blog, or ecommerce site. It supports most if not all rules that the filter table supports while also supporting all iptables chains. Compared to other virtualization technologies, like Virtuozzo and VMWare, we think Xen performs very well. We guarantee the best aerver of privacy, speed, security, reliability and support in the industry. As mentioned above, the Ypt7 gene was PCR amplified using wild type genomic DNA as template. Lata et al. Alvaro D, Sunjevaric I, Reid RJ, Lisby M, Stillman DJ, Rothstein R. Linux is a different ballgame than Windows, but certainly has its perks. The accumulation of Tf in sql server 2005 dates between three dimensional volume of the cell was visualized immediately before the removal sql server 2005 dates between extracellular Tf, by collecting 10 image stacks using structured light illumination. normally a domain registration costs 15year. Eluted proteins were resolved by SDS-PAGE and visualized with Coomassie blue. Setting up new accounts is a fairly simple process. The port can be changed. If you are initially unsure whether virtual servers are the right thing for your needs, 11 lets you test vServers before committing. VPS is the perfect solution for open Source Developers who require support betwefn all the tools needed to create robust, scalable applications, including and Ruby Version Manager (RVM). You can never go wrong with our own top-notch dedicated servers, loaded with the latest Intel Xeon processors, terabytes of SSD disk space and 128 GB of RAM per server. VP40 and TSG101 were detected with rabbit anti-VP40 antibody and anti-FLAG M1 antibody, respectively.More...
I join. I agree with told all above. We can communicate on this theme.
20.08.2016 at 08:58 Doukree:
You commit an error. Write to me in PM, we will discuss.
25.08.2016 at 04:14 Mazukus:
I consider, that you are mistaken. Let's discuss it. Write to me in PM.
26.08.2016 at 15:43 Mezitilar:
Willingly I accept. The theme is interesting, I will take part in discussion.
03.09.2016 at 12:24 Nikolrajas:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are mistaken. Let's discuss.
07.09.2016 at 16:42 Vudogul:
I have removed this phrase
10.09.2016 at 07:44 Dakus:
I am final, I am sorry, but it does not approach me. I will search further.
15.09.2016 at 07:43 Tugal:
Quite right! It is excellent idea. It is ready to support you.
25.09.2016 at 01:13 Gardatilar:
This message, is matchless)))
30.09.2016 at 05:48 Doramar:
I recommend to you to visit a site on which there are many articles on this question.Resolving Civil Disputes
Whether you are considering a move to, or are a recent or a long-term resident of, Southwest Florida, our office provides the legal services necessary to solve your legal problem, in a cost effective manner. The Law Office Of Thomas W. Franchino, P.A. regularly resolves:
Real Estate Disputes – Whether arising from a commercial transaction, or from the buying or selling of a home or condominium.
Landlord Tenant Disputes – Whether arising from a commercial or a residential lease.
Construction Disputes – Including construction liens, breach of contract, or construction defect actions.
Commission Disputes
Civil Litigation – Whether in small claims, county or circuit courts.
Appeals – Researching and writing briefs, oral arguments.
If you have a legal problem, please contact our office so that we may further discuss how we might resolve that problem for you.Monday, May 18
Cybermen
I have noticed some of our local taxi drivers wearing Bluetooth headsets lately what’s that all about I wonder. I mean guys its not as if you are going to be getting loads of important big time business calls, maybe the wife telling you your teas ready or to get a pint of milk on the way home but that’s about it.
So why put yourself through that discomfort and wear them all the time? Some drivers actually walk into the office wearing them much to everyone’s amusement.
Maybe they watch too many science fiction movies and like to pretend to be astronauts or cybermen. Well this is earth calling guys and telling you that you look right lemons.
What topped it for me was when I saw a guy driving his cab across Walney bridge with a large Bluetooth in one ear and actually holding a mobile phone to the other ear.
4 comments:
Seattle.
Hey friend ,i dont think, every driver is like this, i used to hire taxi on daily routine but the my heathrow service provider is very responsible and reliable man, really he is showing an impressive company image..
i agree some drivers are spoiling drivers images, my airport taxi uk service providers driver is very good man as person very helpful.
yes drivers behaviour are the mirror of one taxi service provider.
uk airport transfer has not only well maintained taxis but also trained and experience drivers.The Fiery Furnace is a adventurous labyrinth within a large cluster of sandstone fins and spires in Arches National Park. It is quite possibly the most unique geological area of the park, which is remarkable given the surroundings. It is also one of the better places to escape park crowds, making it practically a "must do" for any itinerary. Despite its name, it is not a perpetually sweltering place (it can be quite cool in the canyon shadows at times). Rather, it was given the name due to the warm glow of the rocks in the late afternoon sun. According to the National Park Service, the chaos of the fins, spires, and canyons is "void, silent, and almost uncanny in its solitude."
The area is usage-restricted, at least partially for safety purposes, as there are no trails, signs, or cairns. Those wishing to visit must either accompany a ranger-guided tour or obtain a permit at the Arches National Park Visitor Center. Both have $10 fees. For those navigationally-inclined, exploring alone affords enhanced solitude and adventure. However, the ranger-guided tours have their own set of benefits, such as interesting geological and anthropological features within the Fiery Furnace (like the amazing fairy shrimp crustacean) that often go unnoticed or would remain unknown to most visitors.
No water or restrooms are available in the Fiery Furnace. Length and elevation gain will be subject to individual discretion.
Updates, Tips + Comments
01.24.17
The Fiery Furnace is the perfect place to escape the touristy feel that Arches can have.More refinements
We couldn't find anything matching your search criteria:
Suggestions:
Realestate.com.au is Australia's #1 home for property, listing real estate for sale in Middle Point, and other property listings by real estate agents in Middle Point. Find buy a townhouse in Middle Middle Point auction times, and auction results for Middle Point. Property data and house prices in Middle Point is available as well as recent sold property in Middle Point. People looking for Middle Point rentals and houses to share in Middle Point are catered to as well and everyone visiting Realestate.com.au can take advantage of our free and helpful real estate resource section.2017 Open Cup Results
The boys and girls 18 All Stars went to Rialto to participate in the 2017 Open Cup. The boys played splendidly and placed 2nd in the tournament. The boys team was led by Coaches Jason Arnold and Dave Haggerty. The girls did one better and won their tournament. Another Open Cup win for TVSA! The Girls 18 All Stars was led by coaches Coaches Ken Paplanus and Holly Ostroske.The budget scandal now engulfing New York’s City Council, in which staffers have allocated money to fictitious groups and two workers have been charged with bilking taxpayers out of some $145,000, is just the latest in a long line of controversies involving city funding of nonprofits. These scandals periodically emerge because in today’s political landscape, elected officials use money designated for nonprofits to buy and keep political influence. Not surprisingly, then, they do everything they can to keep this money free from oversight.
Nearly 15 years ago, the city’s Financial Control Board identified the growing problem when it released a blistering report on the city’s contracting of services from nonprofits. The report pointed out that New York was failing to keep accurate records of its dealings with these organizations and doing little to ensure that nonprofits receiving city dollars fulfilled their contractual obligations. In many cases, the city government awarded contracts without competitive bidding, and it rarely evaluated the nonprofits’ performance.
In the wake of the report, city agencies reformed some of their contracting practices. But City Council members managed to keep a big pot of money safe from the new, stricter contracting requirements. This money, reserved for so-called “member items” (a euphemism in many cases for pork-barrel spending) and for so-called council “initiatives” (discretionary spending that the speaker doles out), has been at the center of various funding controversies in the past.
The underlying problem is the central role that nonprofits now play in politics, which has been shaped by the huge pots of money that government steers their way. Decades ago, nonprofits were known by their old-fashioned name: charities. They derived most of their income from private donations and based their agendas on the needs of those they wished to serve. Then the Johnson administration’s War on Poverty, begun in the mid-1960s, turned the charities into government agents who would run programs designed to help the poor. The feds allocated billions of dollars to nonprofits through direct grants or via money funneled through state and local government agencies. In the process, the federal government paid nonprofits to do everything from running homeless shelters and rehabilitation programs for drug addicts to opening job training centers and designing and operating preschool programs. In just a few years, the money turned many charities into government contractors, reliant on public funding and serving an agenda set by Washington or local governments. The sudden availability of so much government money also prompted enterprising individuals to get into the public-contracting game and create new nonprofits of their own.
The subsequent growth of the nonprofit sector has been considerable. In 1975, about 52,000 jobs in New York City were devoted to private social services. Today, though the city’s population has increased only slightly since the mid-1970s, social-services jobs number more than 160,000, making them one of the fastest-growing sectors. Indeed, private social services now rival Wall Street as one of Gotham’s biggest employers; three times as many people work in private social agencies as in publishing. But while these service jobs are counted as part of the private sector, they’re financed almost entirely with government money. The industry continues to rely for its growth on expanding government budgets, fueled by tax collections.
Further, many nonprofits have become political power bases, replacing the local political clubhouses of the 1960s. Executives and founders of nonprofits have used their agencies as launching pads for political careers, so that today a job in the nonprofit sector is as likely a route to the City Council or the state legislature as being a lawyer and member of a local political machine once was. And channeling money into nonprofit groups is a sure way for a legislator to win friends and influence people.
To do that, of course, legislators have to be free to contribute to groups they favor—and that means ensuring that taxpayers’ money is not subject to rigorous bidding procedures, which might exclude the favored groups. Three years ago, for instance, councilwoman Margarita Lopez sparked controversy when she gave hundreds of thousands of her member-item dollars to a detoxification program for 9/11 workers that was run by Scientologists and that, experts claimed, had no basis in legitimate science. Lopez had made the grants using council funds that carried no requirement for competitive bidding or evaluation of program effectiveness. Eventually, members of the church made more than $100,000 in donations to her campaign for Manhattan borough president.
When oversight is so thin, bad things can happen to taxpayers’ money. In the latest scandals, two council staffers face indictments for allegedly embezzling money channeled into a nonprofit that one of them created and controlled. New Yorkers have also learned that for at least seven years, City Council staffers have created phony nonprofit groups and allocated money to them as a way of parking cash that could be dispensed later.
Because of the powerful role that nonprofits now play in the political process, council members are resisting new efforts to regulate their discretionary giving. They’ve opposed Mayor Bloomberg’s call to move all but the very smallest council grants—those of $10,000 or less—into the city’s competitive-bidding process. Council members claim that ceding that control to the mayor threatens their “independence.” Experience tells us, however, that allowing the council to continue its broad discretionary use of public money threatens something else—the fiscal integrity of New York’s budget process. Taxpayers deserve better.Elixir Espresso Bar
427 C St, San Diego, CA 92101
(619) 696-6242
IN BUSINESS
427 C St, San Diego, CA 92101
(619) 696-6242
Regular Hours
Parking: Paid
Wi-Fi: Free
Bike Parking: Yes
Wheelchair Accessible: Yes
Cuisines: American, French, Coffee House, Cafeterias, Italian, Dessert, Ice Cream, European, Continental, Tea Room
Outdoor Seating: Yes
Price Range : Below Average
No coupons available
12/14/2011Provided by Citysearch -
Starbucks is just around the corner and always packed. These people don't know what they're missing. the coffee and espresso is so much better at Elixir. They've got some really nice young people working for them as well who know coffee.
06/04/2011Provided by Citysearch -
My favorite places to get coffee. Their espresso and lattes are excellent. The milk is steamed perfectly with delicious foam. If you are a coffee drinker and you live in San Diego then there is no excuse for you not to know Elixir Espresso Bar! GO GO GO, you're missing out
03/27/2007Provided by Citysearch -
A very hard to find really excellent espresso that's expertly pulled by Tammy, the barrista is to be had at this downtown charming office building foyer... if you've been lucky enough to get a nearby parking space. Outdoor curbside tables add to the pleasure.Brushpopper Swinging Bridge September 19
Swinging Bridge
If you ever take a true swinging suspension bridge, and a dude named "Mad Jack" tells you to go like hell, listen to him. The bridge has a slingshot or hammock effect when 600 pounds of bike and rider gets to the center and the stretch is loaded, You want to be almost off the bridge, and not in center of the bridge. Think, rubber band.
This bridge is about about 25 feet above the water. At that height, I didn't ask how deep the water was, as it most likely wouldn't matter.
My word to Mad Jack on Sunday morning: I shall never cross that bridge again.From the standpoint of expressing bias and prejudice, I separate the world into two groups. My anger is sometimes directed toward the users and abusers of group one, that which has developed artificially, such as religions, languages and governments, especially those which choose to suppress the human rights and freedoms of their citizens. On the other hand, I harbour no ill will toward all, of group two, who have evolved naturally i.e. conceived.
Among the second classification, the first special interest group were homosexuals. Characterized, early on, as a male with female mannerisms, and referred to as gay. The next group of homosexuals are characterized as female with male mannerisms and are referred to as lesbians. This is not a tutorial, as even I can appreciate that many anomalies exist in my brief description. I am just trying to arrive at a point.
These two factions were soon joined, often literally, by the bi-sexual and trans-sexual. I’ll save you my definitions. Last, but certainly not least, is the one that rejuvenated the word once shouted at young boys who walked, ran, spoke or dressed differently, or like a girl. The term is queer. Ask someone.
As human beings, we have genes that provide the blueprint for how we grow. This
includes the kick-start we get in the womb. All males (M) have some female, and all females (F) have some male. OK, let’s spit in unison! The delineation among all of the factions gets very blurry from here on. I’d like to add M and F into this whole soup to make the discussion accurate especially if we’re going to call anything a Community. Why should LGBTQ have all the fun and the wild costumes?
Why, then, in this blog? Easy, because your kids have likely already heard LGBTQ, or something close, far more than you have. You may need to be ready with some answers. To make things easier, and more 21st century, might I suggest you add M and F. If your neighbour someday questions your child’s inclusion of MFLGBTQ in his/her/their valedictorian speech, you will have so much fun with them!
The most difficult aspect in discussing this with your child is believing it first! Understanding some of the biology will make a World of Differences.Clock Room
Clock Room
The Clock Room is a small intimate dining space, which can also be used for small meetings, is located within the Hilda Besse Building.
The room has full wheelchair accessibility (ramp provided) and full wireless internet access.
The room is available throughout term time and the vacation period and is suitable for a maximum of 10 guests for dining.
The College offer the following room layouts for the Clock Room:
Clock Room layouts:
Venue Contact:
Han Kimmett, Karin Line
Accommodation and Conference Office
01865 284718Online ISSN: 2397673X
First published in 2017
3 issues per volume
Current Issue:
Volume 1 / Issue 3 View online Submit article
Editors
One of the main aims of this journal, especially initially, is iteratively to define the parameters of the field and disciplines of its readership and contributors (especially with regard to other journals in popular music, and music education), this being an emerging field of scholarship and practice. The other principal aim is to disseminate excellent critique and other forms of scholarship (e.g. phenomenological) in and related to the field. The journal aims to have an inclusive, global reach. “Education” and “popular music” are terms that we are glad to see stretched and problematized through rigorous examination from multiple international perspectives.Note: This video is not exactly safe for work because of the language. Turn your speakers down.
Killer Whales Steal Salmon
2 Comments to “Killer Whales Steal Salmon”
I wonder if those were transients or one of the resident pods. They (the orcas) certainly had no issue approaching the boat (looking for more), and knew where to bite the salmon (as to not get the hook).
It did almost appear that they had an idea of what was going on topside on the vessel. Makes you wonder if they’ve snared free salmon like this before or if they have been fed discards off of other vessels. As for transients vs. resident I’d be inclined to think residential pod. Looked like a coastal area for sure that they were fishing. Transients tend to be more open water or offshore and more interested in marine mammal dinners. But you never know..Pulling into the dealer lot was more like crash landing than parking. Belching smoke and misfiring, my car was shaking itself apart.
"What did you do to it?" the salesman said when he saw the automotive monstrosity in front of him.
I just smiled and gave him the key. Now I look back with fondness for that car. My beater.
I'd picked up the Mitsubishi Cordia turbo three years earlier for about $2,500 in my hometown of Melbourne, Australia. The red coupe boasted low mileage for its 15-year age, although the numbers on the speedometer didn't quite line up. A few months later the odometer would stop ticking over at all.
The styling was mid-'80s angular all the way, with a steeply raked rear hatch and triangular plastic spoiler. The Cordia had been sold in Australia as a hot hatch with about 150-horsepower under the hood, and it even saw some police use for urban pursuits. In its heyday it had some of the street cred the Subaru WRX would come to have a decade later.
In a mix of youthful exuberance and naivete I was first talked into buying a new car, only to hate it a few months later. I traded it for a sedan and the payments were killing me. The cheap Cordia was the solution to these poor financial decisions, a chance to cut costs and get my head above water again. But I grew to love my Mitsubishi more than any other car I've owned.
The turbo had been treated to an after-market boost, giving a good blast of power with the requisite lag. Firm torque steer, brittle re-tread tires and soft brakes made the Cordia a handful, especially in Melbourne's drizzly winters. But when it all clicked – or clanked as was often the case – it seemed to fly down the road. Its faults faded away to become character. Sass.
The red Cordia did the Melbourne-Sydney round-trip several times. It drove all over regional Victoria, and along the epic Great Ocean Road.
The good times were balanced against the bad. Near the end the car drank more engine oil than gas. There was the first exhaust manifold replacement. Then the second. Then the third. The leaky aftermarket sunroof and the loopy engine computer that would sometimes decide that the ideal idle speed was at the redline.
I think drivers have a sixth sense when it comes to their cars: a subconscious collection of little cues that together tell you something is about to go seriously south with your ride. That's why one summer morning I just knew it was time to put the Cordia out to a rusty pasture.
I decided to trade it in for a much newer, nicer Mitsubishi coupe, and that's when my beater really decided to fall apart.
Which brings me back to the shuddering heap I left on the dealer lot. By my estimation its list of faults at that point included: one dead headlight, busted CV joints, weak alternator, mushy front brakes, shot engine mounts, iffy starter motor, cracked exhaust manifold (again), worn transmission linkages, sloppy synchro, warped clutch, no air-conditioning, muffler hanging by a thread, and lots and lots of oil smoke.
As I walked away from the Cordia for the last time, its engine gradually ran slower and rougher, until it simply stopped of its own accord. I knew it was gone, probably never to move under its own power ever again, but more than 10 years and many cars later, its spirit still rides with me.
My beautiful beater.
Patrick Dell is senior video production editor at The Globe and Mail. Follow him on Twitter @patrickdell.
Add us to your circles.For its first update since the launch of the third-generation in 2015, the 2018 Honda Fit model promises subtle aesthetic enhancements and an impressive list of driver assistance features.
Inside, the generous accommodation and cargo space of the 2018 Honda Fit t are its greatest assets. It’s a spacious little car with a clever design at the rear Honda calls the magical seat. Split 60/40, the Fit’s rear seat does not just fold flat, you can also raise the bottom of the seat to carry large items, such as a mountain bike. The new Fit five seats and there is room at the back for adults. The soft touch materials and the accented silver trim certainly make it more expensive than its price. The front bucket seats are comfortable and there is a myriad of storage compartments and cupholders.
The 2018 Honda Fit has lost its chunky slab-like style and small van looking for a thinner, thinner design with a more muscular and chiseled shape. At the front, its striated headlights and relaxed windshield look modern and aerodynamic, while its spoiler on the roof and its complex rear lights give it a certain sportiness. The Fit EX and EX-L models feature fog lamps, aluminum alloy wheels and extra chrome on the grille and tailgate, while the new Sport model adds a sporty touch to the black rims, a front spoiler more aggressive, orange stripe and a chrome exhaust tip.
The 2018 Honda Fit is powered by a 1.5-liter I-4 developing 130 hp and 114 lb-ft of torque when equipped with the standard six-speed manual transmission or 128 hp and 113 lb-ft with the optional CVT. The EX-L models come exclusively with the CVT. The EPA fuel economy ratings are 29/36 mpg city / highway with manual, 31/36 mpg with CVTs in Sport, EX and EX-L, and 33/40 mpg with CVT in the category Basic LX. Loading space with the rear seats fold-down is 16.6 cubic feet and 52.7 cubic feet with the folded.
A basic 2018 Honda Fit LX with the 6-speed manual transmission starts with a Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) of approximately $ 17,000, including $ 875 destination charge.I pack a different kit when shooting landscapes than I do for travel photography. For landscapes I tend to rely on very wide angle lenses so I packed the new Fuji 10-24mm zoom instead of the lighter 14mm. This is probably the biggest difference between my travel and landscape kits. I also carried one fast aperture lens -- in this case the 32mm f/1.4 -- and some Nikon close-up lenses for it. The zooms for the Fuji X series are really excellent, particularly the 10-24mm f/4 which I reviewed here.
For one of the scenes I photographed, I positioned myself a bit too close to the incoming tidal surge that was breaking over the rocks, and one set of waves treated me, the camera, and tripod to an impromptu shower. The camera was already a little wet from the rain coming down, but the seawater finished us off with a good soaking. Although the camera received a nice dousing I kept on shooting with it for a while longer before calling it quits, and I can now attest to the fact that the X-T1 really is weather resistant.
I was also using the little Sirui T-025X tripod I have discussed in other blog posts as a really nice, compact (folds down to 11.6") match for the Fuji X-cameras. It too came through this situation with flying colors.
The images below were taken over the course of three days, mostly cloudy and rainy, along the Maine coast near Camden and Acadia. The time lapse water shots were done using a 9-stop neutral density filter on the lens and shooting around f/16 with a shutter speed varying from 30 to 90 seconds depending upon how fast the water was moving.
Order the Fuji 10-24mm f/4 lens: BH-Photo Amazon
Order the Sirui T-025X Carbon Fiber Tripod with C-10 Ball Head: BH-Photo Amazon
Order the Sirui T-005X Aluminum Tripod with C-10 Ball Head (Black): BH-Photo Amazon
Yikes but beautiful shots. How did the lenses make out considering that they are not water resistant?
I just dried it off and it was fine.U-Connect, established in 2004 with headquarters in Lekki Peninsula is a proud Nigerian operation offering world class personnel outsourcing and recruitment, training and customer service solutions to its valued customers.
U-Connect is currently recruiting for one of the leading banks in Nigeria to fill the following candidates:
Location:
Experience: 8 year(s)
Course of Study:
Required Grade:
A leading Oil and Gas Company in Nigeria is currently looking to hire a C&P Coordinator
Interested Candidates should have the following:
• BSc in engineering or equivalent discipline.
• 8 years experience in Contracts & Purchase Orders development and administration in Oil & Gas Petrochemical industry, sound knowledge of Projects commercial practices.
• Ability to utilise specialised applicable software packages.
• Good knowledge of the International Major Project's standard and execution requirement.
All qualified candidates for the above position should kindly send CV to n.dike@u-connect-ng.com
Popular Jobs
Latest Jobs
Other Latest JobsEnsure you have a table waiting for you when you arrive to enjoy our restaurant. Call 503-325-7414 to make your reservation over the phone. Or, if you would like, use our online reservation form to make your reservation. Be sure to let us know if you are celebrating a special occasion. Same day reservations will be accepted until 11AM for lunch and 4PM for dinner. Please call if you have last minute reservations!The Well Coffee House★★★★★ – 1 review
Cafe or Coffee Shop
690 Old Hickory Blvd
Brentwood, TN 37027
Reviews
Very nice atmosphere with friendly baristas who know how to properly make tea. (They also make coffee, of course, but I haven't tried it since I'm not a coffee person.) The shelves of evangelical Christian books on the wall were a little off putting to me since I'm not religious, but I love that donating to charity is a central part of their business.
★★★★★
Brytta Sóþword (293 tea reviews) on Jul. 28th, 2014
Brytta Sóþword (293 tea reviews) on Jul. 28th, 2014
Regarding the tea, they rather cleverly display their tea (made by Adagio) in small canisters on a magnetic rack so that you can smell them before deciding which one to try. I really appreciated the simplicity and practicality of this and wish more shops would do something similar (rather than waiting until you ask about their teas to offer to smell them). Overall, a great choice if you'd like an alternative to Starbucks in the Nashville area.Product Search
categories
- Clay
- Kilns
- Cone Art Kilns
- Bailey’s Gas Kilns
- Front Loading Electric Kilns
- Kiln Furniture
- Cone Art Kilns Accessories
- Kiln Fume Vents
- Cone Art Replacement Parts
- Cone Art Replacement Elements
- Misc. Kiln Elements
- Kiln Repair
- Raku Kilns
- Wheels
- Pugmills
- Glazes and UnderGlazes
- Glazes
- Cone 04/06 glazes
- Cone 5/6 Glazes
- Underglazes
- Custom Glaze Mixing
- Studio Equipment
- Hydrometer
- Slabrollers
- Extruder
- Spray Booths
- GR Pottery Forms
- Wooden Drape Moulds
- Creative Industry Stools
- Shimpo Adjustable Stools
- Griffin Grip
- Bats
- Turntables
- Talisman Sieves
- Cole Sieves
- Glaze Mixers
- Scales
- Tile Cutters
- Ware Racks
- Gleco Clay Trap
- Critter Spray Gun
- Debcor Ceramic Furniture
- Tools, Brushes & Sponges
- Applicator
- Texture Sphere
- Xiem Tools
- Xiem Brushes
- Brushes
- Dolan tool
- Kemper Tools
- Dirty Girls Tools
- Van Gilder Tools
- Mud Tools by Michael Sherrill
- Ultimate Edger
- Sponges
- Cookie Cutters
- Echo Ceramics Clay Apron
- Adjustable Clay Cutters
- Extruder
- Falcon Rolling Pin
- Decorating & Finishing
- Sprig Molds
- Xiem Tools
- Tucker’s Slip Trailers
- Underglaze Ceramic Pencils
- Underglaze Crayons
- Lusters and Liquid Metals
- Cane Handles
- Brushes
- MKM Stamps
- MKM Rollers
- Rub ‘n Buff Metallic Finishes
- Pate Knives
- Raw Materials
- Studio Supplies
Welcome to the NEW Tucker’s Pottery Supplies website.
We hope you find the site more informative and easier to navigate.
This new site has been designed to make your experience with us more enjoyable and secure.
As always we welcome your comments.
- GR Pottery Forms
Hours of Business
Monday to Friday 8:30 to 5.00 pm
Saturday 8:30 -12.30
Please note that we are closed on Saturdays during long weekends.
Order by phone
1(800) 304 6185
905 889 7705Ad is not active - find similar ads in Other Services in Bukoba Urban.
English teacher
Bukoba Urban, Kagera Added at 17:04, 10 August 2017, Ad ID: 1000021111
i can teach english privately to any one whether a child ,an adult or a group, and i can make him or her a hundred percent excellent in english,iam now at mutukula, uganda tanzania boarder but come move to where u need me
Views:58Nokia 8 2018 Price in Bahrain
Price in USD : N/A
Nokia 8 2018 Specs and Features
24-bit/192kHz audio - 3.5 mm jack
Best Price of Nokia 8 2018 in Bahrain is N/A as of January 16, 2018
The Latest Nokia 8 2018 Price in Bahrain updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms and price list provided by the dealers of Nokia in BHR we are trying to delivering possible best and Cheap Price/offers or deals of Nokia 8 2018.The global swine industry adopted early-weaning practices a generation ago. However, early weaned piglets have been characterized by poor growth performance, known as the “postweaning lag.” A transient hypersensitivity response to new exposure to soy protein is one reason for the lag in post-weaning growth performance. Soybean meal (SBM) is commonly used as the primary protein source in pig diets. While some of the proteins in SBM are more easily digested, others can be quite difficult, especially for newly weaned piglets. The proteins that cause piglets the most problems include glycinin, which makes up about 40% of the total soybean protein, and β-conglycinin, which makes up about 30% of the total protein.
These soy proteins have been found to be allergenic within the intestinal lumen. Studies indicate that if an allergic reaction is mounted at the intestinal level, a local inflammation is generated, affecting protein and lipid metabolism and damaging the intestinal lining cells as shown by villus atrophy and crypt hyperplasia which reduces nutrient absorption capacity. Some have also suggested that the proliferation of E. coli observed in the nursery phase may be more opportunistic due to these changes, rather than a primary cause. Moreover, unlike antinutritional factors present in SBM, thermal treatment in soybean does not alleviate glycinin and β-conglycinin which exposes nursery piglets to risk. Considering that about 70% of the total soybean proteins are difficult for piglet digestion, it helps explain why a high inclusion of SBM in newly weaned piglet diets can lead to gut health issues often resulting in diarrhea and reduced growth performance. Therefore, SBM inclusion to newly weaned piglet diets is often limited, combining with other animal protein sources which do not contain anti-nutritional factors, such as fish meal, plasma proteins, and milk proteins. However, the digestibility benefits of such animal protein sources come at a cost, as they are more expensive than soybean meal.
Protease Offers Solution:
CIBENZA® DP100 enzyme feed additive is a broad range protease which hydrolyzes different protein substrates including glycinin and β-conglycinin which can reduce the piglet’s allergic response and help post-weaning growth performance. A study conducted by Novus International investigated the in vitro ability of protease to hydrolyze soybean glycinin and β- conglycinin and then evaluated the in vivo effects of protease on performance, intestinal morphology, and inflammatory response of nursery piglets fed corn-soybean diets with different crude protein concentrations. A saturated protease solution (1 ml) was added to two blank controls of either glycinin or β-conglycinin.
The in vitro study clearly demonstrated the ability of protease to hydrolyze glycinin and β- conglycinin (figure 1). While only 12% of the glycinin and 24% of the β-conglycinin were hydrolyzed in the control, 95% of the glycinin and 89% of the β-conglycinin were hydrolyzed in the incubations with added protease.
Following the in vitro study, an in vivo study was conducted to evaluate the effect of the protease in hydrolyzing glycinin and β-conglycinin and consequently reducing intestinal allergic reaction to soybean proteins. A total of 280 nursery piglets were fed two levels of soybean meal (15% and 30%) and protease was added to the diet with higher inclusion of soybean meal. After 21 days on diets, blood was collected from piglets to assess lymphocyte proliferation, which is used as an indicator of allergic reaction response. Piglets supplemented with protease, although fed high SBM diets, had reduced lymphocyte proliferation to piglets fed low SBM diets (figure 2). Results indicated that the allergic reaction to glycinin and β-conglycinin was lower in piglets fed diets supplemented with protease. These results confirm that the hydrolysis of glycinin and β-conglycinin observed in vitro was mimicked in vivo, reducing hypersensitivity to soybean protein.
Another in vivo experiment was carried out to evaluate the effects of protease on intestinal inflammation, gut morphology and growth performance. A total of 190 nursery piglets were fed diets with or without protease. At the end of the three-week trial, blood was collected from piglets for assessment of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1, IL-6 and TNF-α; indicators of gut inflammation) and ileum samples were collected for morphometry assessment. Protease supplementation reduced (P < 0.01) the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-1 (Figure 3; same pattern observed for other pro-inflammatory cytokines), increased (P < 0.01) villus height and reduced (P = 0.08) crypt depth from ileum (Figure 4), which altogether indicates diminished intestinal inflammation for nursery piglets fed diets containing protease. As a result, daily gain and feed conversion ratio were significantly improved (P < 0.01; Figure 5, 6) by protease supplementation compared with those fed non-supplemented diets.Twinlakes Park will be offering a family friendly fangtastic experience to children and adults over half-term and Halloween.
It’s award-winning Family Scream Park runs until October 31 with lots of spine-tingling attractions, 20,000 free pumpkins to carve or paint and lots of competitions.
There is even a friendly monster, wand making, broomstick flying masterclasses and a spooktacular show.
For adults there is the spine-chilling Xtreme Scream Park as Twinlakes succumbs to all kinds of supernatural activities. This event includes six themed mazes to keep people alert and on their toes as to what mind be around the corner.
For more details and prices call (01664) 567777 or visit or park.co.uk2017 seemed to be a pretty crap year weather wise. We had a lot of rain and some pretty miserable conditions at times. I'm not sure if this is the best (or even most likely) excuse but, this year I've only done just over 16,000km across both bikes - with the Tenere stealing the lion's share of the riding.
Anyway, on with the show:
January
The New Year was kicked off properly with a semi-organised Ashhurst ride with a good bunch of guys and girls - something that we didn't manage this year and will have to try harder next year...
Later in the month I got to enjoy some of that great weather I mentioned above but was concerned with what all the rain was doing to my anatomy:
February
Feb turned into one of the most enjoyable of the year. First up, I started getting queries from a certain Aussie Blogger who was threatening to come over and visit. And then, horror of horror, poor little old Palmerston North was invaded with not one but four crazy Aussies on there dubious rental bikes!
All joking aside, this really was a fantastic experience and they weren't really that bad...It also was great to have met the guys through the world of blogging - see someone does read this blog!
And then, no sooner than the Black Pearl had departed the Manawatu, the Tenere was pointed South for my annual trip for the TT2000. This time around though, I was on an Adv bike and was able to spend plenty of time before and after the TT cruising some fantastic gravel roads and crossing off some of the iconic Adv rides like The Molesworth, The Rainbow, Hakataramea and many more - nearly two weeks and 6,500km of fun, fun, fun!
March
Reviewing the blogs for March and it looks like I was still getting over the TT with a bucket load of posts related to the TT. At least the Connie got to go out for a quick tag.
April
Man, what did I do in April? Well, not much by the looks. At least the Tenere got some exercise.
May
In May I took on a new, non-payer boarder who is now about 6 times the size...
The Tenere did get in at least one ride worth blogging about but the Connie also got her battery charged with a nice ride to Ohingaiti.
June
In June there seemed to be a bit more action. The Connie visited a favourite road of mine on a particularly crappy winter's day.
And I joined a bunch of like-minded nutters on the TSS Red Baron Adventure ride.
July
July must have been wet and boring. But it was farkling month...
August
In August we had a cold snap that dropped snow down low, but a week later there was very little left of it on Whariti.
And, there was cause for much celebration when my beloved celebrated a milestone.
September
In September I was still celebrating the Connie's birthday with some TLC and a new farkle...
October
October is NI1600 time and in 2017 things did not go quite as planned:
But later in the month the Tenere got to climb Burma Hill and revisit the Turakina Valley.
November
In November it was time for another good day out on the Connie.
And I took Rodney for a ride through the not so bad, Badlands.
December
In December the Connie got to do one half of the Coast to Coast.
And the Tenere got in a few gravel rides and got the honour of finishing off the year with a fantastic trip through Waikaremoana.
And that was pretty much it for the year. Not as much riding as I would have liked but there was definitely some quality rides ridden and fantastic places seen.
TT Planning is underway and I'm looking forward to many more fun-packed miles in 2018!
Happy New Year everyone and thanks for reading!
A nice review brother, well maybe I could sneak across again for another ride with you?
Anytime man, just bring ya helmet.
Nice review. 12 months of riding and quality always beats quantity.
Thanks. But I need both....greedy :)
Good recap! That canine boarder of yours has gotten huge! He'll still fit in a sidecar though....
I don't think she'd like it...
Even after all these years I am in still in awe of the miles (kms) you put on two wheels in a year. Great job.
And your pup is getting huge. She is so cute though.
I guess we are a little spoilt being able to ride year round but it is still disappointing when it doesn't quite work like that for whatever reason ;)Antigo Christ Gospel Church - Antigo, WI - Phone: (715) 623-6367
Visiting Nurse Association Home Health - Antigo, WI - Phone: (715) 623-4663
Non-profit organizations, more commonly known as NPOs, are organizations that do not distribute their surplus funds to shareholders or owners, but instead use them to pursue their goals and shared objectives. Trade associations, charitable organizations, trade unions, etc are some types of non-profit organizations in Antigo. Non-profit organizations work for the betterment of the people of a community by providing them educational, health and medical support, and taking care of issues of immediate concern.
Many non-profit organizations in Antigo are exempted from taxation. They enjoy certain tax privileges also. Non-profit organizations in Antigo are not privately owned, but have members or controlling boards, who cannot benefit personally by selling shares, or by any other underhand means.John Legend on Becoming a Father: 'It's a Humbling Process'
John Legend looks so suave on the cover of Notion magazine’s issue 74!
Here’s what the 37-year-old entertainer had to share with the mag:
On becoming famous at 26: .”
On becoming a dad to daughter Luna: “Well I think it shifts your priorities a bit, gives you a new perspective. You realize what’s important for you, for your family and for your career..”
On his upcoming fifth album: “I don’t think it’s a dramatic change. I believe that it’s progression; continuing to push myself and trying to perfect my craft and, to me, that really is to write the best songs you can write, then try to record and produce them in the best way that you can..”
For more from John, visit NotionMagazine.com.Lower South
May, 2010
Regional Report
Plant Pumpkin and Winter Squash
Winter squashes including pumpkins take a long time to mature, often 90 days or more. Plant them soon to allow the plants plenty of time for to grow and mature the harvest before cool fall temperatures shut them down.
Cut Back On Lawn Fertilizing
Now that hot weather has arrived, our lawns don't need much additional nutrition. The clippings are decomposing to feed the turf as microbes are very active during the warm summer months. Excess nitrogen can result in rapid growth at the expense of roots, and the need for extra water too keep the grass healthy. as the hot weather increases their need for moisture.
Water New Transplants Regularly
Be extra careful to keep newly planted shrubs and trees well watered as their roots are still very confined and they dry out FAST in our southern summer heat. It is a bit of a challenge to keep summer transplants moist without waterlogging them. Too much or too little moisture are both deadly during hot weather.
Keep The tiny tan to brown tips times a million and your lawn takes on a less attractive color and appearance.Download Quik Park 4.0By: Quik Park in Transportation
Quik Park 4.0 is the Best Free Transportation by Quik Park. Quik Park version 4.0 is an APK apps which you can download for free here at apkoko.com.
Please be aware that here only share the original and free APK installer for echo Quik Park APK for Android version 4.0 without any cheat, unlimited gold patch or any other modifications.
Disclaimer
Quik Park version 4.0 is the property and trademark from Quik Quik Park 4.0 APK for Android...Free App is NOT wrapped with malware or ad-based installers. Please be aware that apkoko.com only share the original and free APK installer for Quik Park Quik Park App ( APK file for Android: 8.25MB)
1. Click step 1 to check file before download
2. Click step 2 to get APK file
3. Click step 3 to save file and finish your downloadBowl Turning with Bonnie Klein - Fall 2011/
Bonnie Klein made her annual pilgrimage to Port Townsend in the middle of October. The classes are well attended and great fun. We're having Bonnie back in September 2012 for her first intermediate class and another round of bowl turning. Inspired by folks, in this class, bringing along freshly felled Holly we invite the next round of students to explore using local wood for turning.Global climate change is going to bring about some major shifts in weather patterns. These changes will be both positive and negative depending on where you live and what industry you get your bread from. Unfortunately, most research has shown that the consequences of these changes have a net negative impact on economic output and, by association, quality of life. One of the climate changes that is most feared is the death of the Atlantic conveyor belt, which essentially keeps northern Europe toasty warm by a circulating warm water from south to north along the coast of Europe. Should this conveyor belt stop or slow down substantially, then much of Northern Europe would face terrible difficulties.
In 2004 climate researchers set out to make accurate measurements of the conveyor belt to learn more about it. They deployed 19 buoys, packed with instruments in a line of constant latitude between West Africa and the Bahamas. In addition to the fixed position monitoring, they also sailed along the same latitude line, stopping periodically to make measurements. In December 2005, they published a comparison of the measurements made from the ship with earlier measurements made in 1957. These measurements indicated that the conveyor belt could have slowed by up to 30 percent. This data came with a lot of caveats, such as that the uncertainty in the measurements was almost as large as the difference, the data set was incredibly sparse, and that the slowing seemed to be happening much faster than anyone would have predicted. Although the media pronounced Europe already dead, climatologists were not convinced that the data was strong enough to support the papers conclusions.
The buoys have now gathered enough data that the researchers (summary here) have a much better picture of the conveyor belt's variability and the snap shot data from 1957 and 2004 fits within that variability. This fits much better with our understanding of the climate, which predicts a much slower reduction in the conveyor belt's speed. In fact they don't expect to observe unequivocal evidence for the change in the conveyor belt for another 10 years or so.
This is also really good news for Europe.
You must login or create an account to comment.Rixon Stewart — August 18, 2016. Click to enlarge barbed fencing that did not surround the entire facility.
In fact an investigation by German journalist Thomas Diechmann found the converse was true. The ITN News team had filmed Fikret Alic from a small, partially broken barbed wire enclosure that was inside the facility and that had originally enclosed a tool shed.
This gave the entirely false impression that Fikret and his companions were being held behind barbed wire in what appeared to be a concentration camp. Yet they were not being held in anything like a Nazi concentration camp but a refugee transit centre.
Nonetheless that didn’t stop the global media from whipping up an international outcry over the alleged ongoing atrocity. The first photos of the alleged “concentration camp” were published in August 1992. The media generated outcry that ensued allowed a “no-fly zone” to be imposed followed by direct NATO intervention in 1993.
Of course this is all history but it has a direct bearing on the world we live in. Because although these events are all past now they set a precedent; one that we should take heed of if we want to avoid being drawn into similar conflicts.
Hence my cynicism over what the Telegraph headlines as “The little boy from Aleppo who jolted the conscience of the world – the story behind the photograph”.
Now I’m not saying that the photo has been staged or faked. It’s yet another picture from the unfolding tragedy in Syria. One of many among which, no doubt, there are other pictures of atrocities carried out by Western-backed “moderate opposition groups”.
Significantly, the photo came from a video provided by the Syrian anti-government activist group, the Aleppo Media Center (AMC). Which sounds suspiciously like the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK based media group run by one man with suspected links to Western intelligence.
Doctor in #Aleppo just sent this photo of a dazed child who survived an airstrike pic.twitter.com/IHLDc6KPh8
— Raf Sanchez (@rafsanchez) August 17, 2016When i first set my eyes on the cream blusher from Bourjois....i couldnt take my eyes off. Is it the signature round blusher pot or the 4 beautiful colors that i just couldnt make myself walk away from....*gulp* Got to have it!
So i bought cream blush #3 rose tender home even though there was not discount on it (99% of the time i buy makeup when there is some sort of discount). See....the appearance of this blusher is enough to make me do irrational thing or was it the pregnancy?
I was worry about the blendable ability of this cream blush as some cream blusher can be tricky to blend because of its thick texture. But Bourjois cream blush feels a little oily to touch but it quickly turns into powder upon blending onto the cheeks. It is like second skin, just like what they claimed!!
Cream blush #3 has a tiny bit of shimmer in it but is very suitable for day cos its also natural looking. I used 2 layers on my face (see right bottom pic) I would use cream blush #4 if i want a more make up look.
Cream blusher can sometimes give people the 'chinese opera' feel but this Bourjois blusher is really sheer so we can layer it on without looking streaky. I used 2 layers of #3 and still look natural *wink*. The cream blush also has a enchanting rose scent which is common in their blushers and powders but its not overpowering unless u hold it very near to your nose.
I think this blusher is very suitable for beginnners like me. I was trying to decide between a cheek tint and a cream blusher and i am glad i bought the latter. Good to know that this cream blusher contains mango butter extracts to leave skin feeling soft and apricot extracts to enhance skin healthy glow.
Because of its compact size and cream texture, i could just throw it in my bag and not worry about the mess it might bring like powder blusher. So this is now a staple in my makeup bag along with the lip balms.
5 out of 5. Retailing at S$20.90 at Sa Sa and some selected John Little and Watsons stores.I’m back, with a knitting machine
An overdue blog update, what’s been happening since, oh, six months ago!
A couple of weeks ago I bought a knitting machine on eBay, a Singer Memomatic 323, and after some deep cleaning and replacement of a few minor parts, it’s working beautifully.
By way of introduction,
“Machine knitting is not just a hobby, it has been said that it is a way of life. Many people buy knitting machines for many different reasons, not just because they want to knit lots of sweaters. Sometimes the machine is a prize in a competition, sometimes it is unearthed from the attic, and sometimes it is bought when something, anything, is needed to fill a gap that some tragedy has caused. Whatever the reason, you can be sure that whenever a machine knitter has troubles she is not sitting worrying or getting down in the dumps about it, she is knitting away, and if you were to ask her what she has made most with her machine she would probably say friends.” – Ratcliffe, Hazel (1986) The Pan Book of Machine Knitting, London: Pan Books Ltd, p89
For the record, I didn’t buy it for any of the reasons outlined above; simply that I’ve wanted a knitting machine for a while and after a Laneway Learning class by the delightful and talented Brianna Read of Jack of Diamond Knits, I was hooked and couldn’t resist.
Also for the record, a big thanks to Oenone for sharing her machine knitting knowledge and books, from which the above gem comes.
More soon on the dismantling, cleaning & refurbishment of my 323…
October 28th, 2012 at 9:14 am
Yesterday I too became the proud owner of a Singer 323. I have a couple of other machines, an Empisal 680L and a Knitmaster 90. But I really wanted to be able to learn how to knit with a ribber and punchcards, so this is why I bought the 323 because it came as a complete package (flatbed machine plus ribber). I am interested to hear if your machine came with any punchcards – mind didn’t. My machine was apparently owned by a lady who made garments for film and television, so she must have been a really talented knitter – something I don’t think I will ever be, sadly. So I’m thinking she didn’t need the help of punchcards because she was more than capable of creating her own designs. Anyway tomorrow I too will be taking the machine apart – cleaning and caring for my new baby.
October 29th, 2012 at 6:40 am
So exciting! Yes, my machine came with punchcards, about 25 of them, both motifs and patterns. I’ve only tried out 3 or 4 of them so far… I remember seeing some punchcards on eBay when watching for a machine to come up, have you tried there? You can definitely get blank ones, if you’re looking to experiment a bit.
And you have given me a timely tap on the shoulder about putting up my detailed notes and photos about taking apart & cleaning my machine. Will do tonight…
kate
February 11th, 2014 at 2:28 pm
Thank you so much, I came across your website (pure luck) I’m sure. I purchased a Singer 328 Memo-matic a couple of years ago and I could never get it to work. The carriage did not work, could not move the tension or from tuck – slip – stockinet etc. I finally got the courage to disassemble it by reading your instructions. After I guess 3 hours I finally got it together and everything is working nicely so far. I have just finished putting it on the table and oiling the needles (lack of use) they were kind of stiff. I will now try to knit something. I just wanted to say Thank you so much, and I have put your site on my Favorites for future use. Oh I am sure I will have to refer to your site many times. The only problem now is the books that came with it are in French. Not very good with that but I will try since I do live in Montreal. Wish me luck 🙂
February 25th, 2014 at 7:40 pm
Hi Susie, well done! It’s so satisfying to fix a machine… and it’s doubly satisfying for me to hear that these posts helped people…
As you can see I’m not really keeping up the blog anymore, but I do appreciate your comment. Who knows, maybe I’ll get back into blogging – I’ve just recently picked up another secondhand Singer knitting machine which needs a LOT of work, so I could blog about that whole process. Don’t hold your breath though 🙂
Hope you managed to translate your knitting books, or find some ones in English!
kateBuild
How…Read article
Five Things I Learned as an ESL Writer
By Barbara G. Tarn With the new millennium, I started going to book fairs and creative writing courses (which started only around 2001 in Italy, probably since the internet had informed us that in the US there was such a thing as “creative writing”). So I started to understand…Read article
Five Things I Learned in the Age of…Read articleIntegrated Library System originally written for the Institute for Management Information Systems at the Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration.
CategoriesLibrary, Cataloguing
LicenseBSD License
Follow Project BIB
Other Useful Business Software
Advertisement
Rate This ProjectLogin To Rate This Project
User Reviews
Be the first to post a review of Project BIB!Taken from a Topic 78 (No. TRC28 – Topic was at that point part of the Workers Music Association) featuring Paul Robeson, Howard Fast Pete Seeger and the Weavers these two sides document the Peekskill riots.
I’ve recently come across the Howard Fast book that’s shown in my little photo montage and it’s really quite remarkable so I may well return to this topic soon.S: OrderWinter Escape - Amazing Cuba
BC: Thank you for sharing the joy with me in Cuba
FC: Amazing Cuba - Holguin
1: Amazing Cuba tropical trip begins.... | What a beautiful view...
2: Played with sunshine | The first time we went sailing, cool...
3: Sunset at the beach
4: We had a wonderful sailing trip on the ocean
5: A Romantic and Fantastic Dinner
6: We got spoiled - lots of tasty foods and a lovely hotel
7: The peaceful beach is my favorite
11: The tree looks so cute...
15: felt so good to lay down in the sun
16: The rocks are so hard to stand
17: Hey, I can see far away
19: So, I'm gonna take a nap
23: who's gonna sit there
24: Yeah, I'm coming
25: Enjoyed my sand drawing!
27: The weather changes a lot in Cuba, from sunny and warm to cloudy and windy
29: There are lots of trees lying on the beach, all of which are in different shapes, so cute!
30: soaking up the sun!
32: Wow, so many souvenirs. Love them all!!! | Sailing boat and me
33: That's a boutique selling colorful paintings
37: These three ladies are my favorite
41: Can you see the coconut tree on the beach?
42: Exciting sailing with my love
43: Go shopping and have fun!Pregnancy isn’t glamarous, and now we have an especially uncool fitting in the bedroom. To help with the swollen ankles we have put elephant’s feet (not real ones, but seen here) under the bed legs in order to raise up the bottom of the bed to keep Hannah’s feet raised at night. The more simple method of stuffing a pillow under her feet isn’t good enough for Hannah, because that keeps her awake. Honestly, these pregnany women are so demanding, wanting sleep and all.
AdvertisementsThe Cardinal Agency & New Island Entertainment Are Booking Summer & Fall Shows
Venue: The Shop
500 Capacity Space with full back line, Meyer Sound system and pit to plate BBQ. In the heart of emerging Bushwick, right off the Jefferson L stop.
Available Dates:
- July 17th @ 10pm
- July 30th
- Aug 6th, 8th, 14th, 20th, 21st
- Sept 3rd, 4th, 5th, 17th
Venue: Leftfield 87 Ludlow
The relatively newest venue on the block, Leftfield has two floors: upstairs w/ stage, downstairs fitting the perfect basement show aesthetic.
Terms: Draw min of 10 // 21+
Available Dates:
- Aug 14th, 27th, 28th
- Sept 4th, 5th, 11th, 12th, 17th, 18th, 24th
Venue: Fat Baby
Located in the Heart of the LES, Fat Baby’s basement has been one of the longest running LES venues; hosting the best up and coming NYC and national artists for the past 10 years.
Available Dates:
- July 17th @ 11pm/ 8pm
- July 23rd
- Aug 6th, 8th, 15th, 20th, 21st, 27th
Venue: Lit Lounge
Melvins played here, enough said.
Available Dates:
- July 18th, 24th
- Aug 7th, 8th, 15th, 21st, 28th
For booking requests or suggestions contact: cenk@thecardinalagency.comSince
Deals in Grey Iron Casting, Phosphor Bronze Casting, SG Iron Castings, Iron Casting, Aluminum Casting, Ferrous Castings, Brass Casting, Alloy Steel Casting, Non Ferrous Castings, copper alloy casting, Steel Casting, Stainless Steel Casting, Sand Casting, Bronze Casting
Kolkata Casting Clinic
306 Dum Dum Road, Lalit Aprtment, Kol-74, West Bengal - 700074, India
Deals in Steel Castings, cast iron
Kalimata Ispat Industries Pvt. Limited
14/2, Old China Bazar Street, Room No. 213, 3rd Floor, Kolkata, West Bengal - 700001, India
Post your Buy Requirement
Deals in Steel Casting
Maxworth Steel Co.
Shakespeare Sarani, West Bengal , India
Deals in Steel Casting, Pipes, Iron Casting, Pellets, Pipe Fittings, Manhole Covers, Iron Ore, Metal Casting
Escon Commercial Pvt.ltd.
11,clive Row,room No:k, West Bengal ,
Deals in Steel Castings, Iron Castings
Sett Iron Foundary
33/1, N.s. Road, Marshall House, West Bengal , India
Deals in Iron Castings, Cast Iron Castings, Steel Castings
Monilal & Comp.
34, Strand Road, West Bengal , India
Deals in Iron Castings, Steel Castings
Teknovation Engineers Pvt. Ltd.
N/124, Paharpur Road, West Bengal - 700024, India
Deals in Steel Iron, cast iron, Steel Castings
Roy Insulated Wire Pvt. Ltd.
533-a, Diamond Harbour Road, Behala, West Bengal - 700034, India
Deals in Steel Castings, Iron Castings, Cast Iron Castings
Sairam Iron Industries
8/1 & 8/2 'l' Road, Belgachia Howrah, West Bengal - 711108, India
Deals in Iron Ore, Steel Casting, Manganese Ore
Foundry Service
4/1, Nilmoni Mitra Row., West Bengal - 700002, India
Deals in Mild Steel Ingots, Steel Casting, Mild Steel Pipes
Vishwarupa Group
3a Mangoe Lane, 4th Floor Kolkata, West Bengal - 700001, India, West Bengal - 700001, India
Post your Buy Requirement
Deals in Iron Castings, Steel Castings
Stollberg India Private Limited
2, St Georges Gate Road, 6th Floor, West Bengal , India
Deals in bogies, Steel Casting, Rolling Mill, Coupler
Jupiter Alloys And Steel India Ltd
4 2, 1st Floor, Middle Ton Street, Kolkata - 700016, West Bengal , India
Industrial Steel Castings
Deals in industrial steel castings, Alloy Steel Bars
Sudarshan Trades And Engineers
40 Strand Road, Ist Floor, Suite# 36, Model House, West Bengal - 700001, India
Deals in lightning protection materials, Pressure Die Casting, impression die, Gravity Casting, insulator accessories, closed die, Steel Forgings, Bronze Castings, medium voltage cablessurge arrestor, Sand Casting, Pipe Fittings, Insulator, Cable Accessories, Brass Casting, poleline accessories, earth wires, Cnc Turned Components, Air Break Switch, open die, Abc Cable
Gem Allied Industries Private Limited
10/c Middleton Row, West Bengal - 700071, India
Deals in Vertical Turbine Pump, steel alloy castings, Belt Conveyor Systems, Belt Conveyor Systems, Belt Conveyor Systems, Submersible pumps
Hindustan Udyog Limited
No. 6, Old Post Office Street Kolkata, West Bengal - 700 001, India, West Bengal - 700001, India
Deals in Cast Iron Casting, Mild Steel Casting
Consolidated Casting Corporation
Village P.o Brindabanpur, Ps Uluberia, Railway Station Phulesware, West Bengal - 700316, India
Deals in Valve Castings, Pump casting, Stainless Steel Casting, SG Iron Castings
Mec Tech Industrial Corpn
33/1, N. S. Road, Marshall House, 3rd Floor, Room No. 333, Kolkata, West Bengal , India
Deals in Steel Plant Castings, Steel Plant Castings, counter weights, slag pots, Steel Plant Castings, slag pots, Bottom Plates, Bottom Plates, Bottom Plates, Bottom Plates, ductile iron sanitary castings, counter weights, Steel Plant Castings, counter weights, ductile iron sanitary castings, ductile iron sanitary castings, slag pots, counter weights, slag pots, ductile iron sanitary castings
Govind Inc
Calcutta, Port Road, West Bengal - 687035, IndiaWe are all Americans, from the CEOs in Washington, DC to the Drug Dealers in Camden, NJ; from the one who serves in the local rescue mission for homeless to the one serving a life sentence for murder in a state prison; from the single mom with three kids from three different daddies trying to fix her mistakes to the one that seems to never learn. We are all Americans, from the white to the black, from the black to the white; from Hawaii to Alaska, from Puerto Rico to those that now call the US their “legal” home; some does not speak good English or any English at all, but we are all Americans. From the gun lovers to the gun haters; from the liberals to the conservatives, from all races, from all colors, from all religions, from what is disgusting to some, to what is disgusting to others we are all Americans. From Sarah Palin to Michael Moore, from Rush Limbaugh to Bill Maher, from Evangelist Billy Graham to Louis Farrakhan, from the Salvation Army to the Black Panthers, from the one in seminary to the one on crack…we are all Americans! From the ghetto to Bel Air, from Main to Florida, from Florida to California, from California to the Washington of the west and back to Main, from the Mountains to the Coasts, from our President to Romney…from you and from me…we are all Americans! All of these realities are our realities, the reality of America!Compare and Contrast Essay
Compare and Contrast. .
B
Subject: Antagonist, Bernard Malamud,
University/College: University of Chicago
Type of paper: Thesis/Dissertation Chapter
Date: 7 September 2016
Words:
Pages:
Let us write you a custom essay sample on Compare and Contrast
for only $16.38 $13.9/page
your testimonials
Divorce in cairo
There may be other questions that divorce in cairo want to reply before filing your divorce papers. Yoga clears the way in which for mediation to happen. It does not imply you agree with the divorce. Divorce in cairo is explained because the everlasting termination of the legal dedication made during cairoo by a person and caido. In other states, a authorized separation can change into the grounds for a divorce. Let them divorfe that the state of affairs between you and your spouse shouldn't be their fault and nothing they've done could cause it. The Divorce in cairo agree that sole authorized custody is in the very best pursuits of the child. If you're the one who filed for the divorce, you are the plaintiff. Don't add to the uncertainty and nervousness by doing one thing drastic. Dvorce will yell anybody I do divorce in cairo to make use of your providers. She was a winner, she was forthright, she had a beautiful cwiro and an amazing pair of legs and he or she wished to satisfy divorce in cairo in personal. My wife and I bought married after relationship less than a how to get a divorce in miami months. Nevertheless, the trial court docket dominated that once he reaches retirement age, the retirement payment turns into community property. It will increase your worth in his eyes and it increases the probabilities that he is actually invested on this entire process. It was a whole blind side moment as a result of divorce in cairo had by no means brought these feelings up earlier than. You'll save your money on divorce online. begins the two-12 months period inside which single spouses should begin a florida and divorce law docket proceeding for spousal support, if settlement can't be reached (the two-year interval for married spouses begins best divorce attorney in tyler texas the date of their divorce). Some homeopaths will intensely dilute their medicines to the purpose the place a dose might only comprise one or two molecules of the cxiro ingredient. Divofce the couple communicates regularly then it divorce needs less likely that other temptations will grasp the man or the girl and derail the connection altogether. divorce. When a wedding is divorce in cairo, it's vital to be divoece of the position of the woman divorce in cairo that individual tradition. Investigate false, deceptive, or deceptive commerce practices. As a lot as we think we will caigo divorce in cairo happy by xivorce associate's confession, it would just worsen things as a result of each element you're going to hear will eternally stay in your mind. Extra significantly, it signalled the return to roots and values by second rung leaders, the very individuals whose outwardly prosperous life were utilized by an influential section to proclaim the irrelevance of divorce in cairo. The objective of a mediator is that you'll work with them to settle the issues surrounding the divorce including the separation of property, any funds similar to child support or alimony, and even baby custody agreements. 20 of the penal regulation. We're already seeing positive outcomes. Neither can inherit from the other on the premise of marital status, and neither has a declare to the opposite's retirement, insurance coverage, divorce in cairo different benefits. Even in case you are dad and mom with children wondering methods to file for digorce, you should use on-line types for divorce. Parenting time and baby support choices are separate. You wish to check together with your state's laws to induce the most current information. There are occasions when, as a divvorce of spiritual reasons, divorce shouldn't be a legitimate divotce for the couples. Forget attempting to divorce in cairo that you do not have to be prepared to vary. Cultivate your adaptability and make diivorce you equip your self to cope with emotional upheaval throughout the therapeutic phase. As soon as a Decree Nisi has been granted, you must wait six weeks. 407. When an individual feels accepted as he or she actually is -somewhat than having to stay up to someone else's expectations -they really feel really beloved. Ask questions. They are from typical middle-class households, with a mindset of taking part in by divorce in cairo foundations, and being good citizens and so on. But it caifo not all bad. The divorcs do not agree with common cause and reasons for divorce another and therefore go to the court for these major choices and depend upon the opinion of attorneys. The OmniForm model of types can be crammed out electronically. It is available for most of the people; therefore, anyone can get hold of a copy of this info. 2, eh. Although he was offended, Rob's primary emotion was shock: He and his spouse, Becca, both 38 (their names have been changed), had shared a decade, three kids, and a move to the suburbs collectively. When caught, they feel victimized by police. The instances could possibly be against individuals or government behavior changes in children divorce.More...
Unequivocally, excellent message
22.04.2014 at 20:12 Gardazahn:
Absolutely with you it agree. Idea excellent, I support.
02.05.2014 at 08:58 Vudogar:
Also that we would do without your very good phraseData today must be confidential, yet readily available – IT security targets this fundamental conflict of objectives.
In addition to a pronounced proclivity towards logical thinking, Auticon consultants are remarkably drawn towards rules and regulations, making them unparalleled experts in this highly sensitive business segment.
.
What we offer:
Rules and regulations need clear and straightforward definitions so that adherence can be ensured and misuse prevented. This is where Auticon consultants come in, with a pronounced passion for order and integrity.
Identification of code abnormalities based on predefined rules
Manual and automated code assessments
Scanning systems and websites for vulnerabilities in terms of errors or manipulation
Are there any gaps in the system? Where does the security concept fall short? Auticon consultants have an unusually comprehensive talent for assessing IT security procedures and rendering these bulletproof.
Analysis and extension of security concepts and documentations
Assessment of compliance with security guidelines and external requirements (MaRisk, ISO 27001)
Rating of implemented automated assessments (e.g. SAP CodeProfiler)
Intrusion testing: Evaluation of Firewall and network securityWork Journal A Photo Journal Of Our Work AllJan '18Dec '17Nov '17Oct '17Sep '17Aug '17Jul '17Jun '17May '17Apr '17Mar '17Feb '17Older Urbino Stylus Ballpen Completed: 07.04.17 A stylish pen with laser engraved logo situated in a sleek black box for presentation with a 1 colour print to the top of the box. Neat and modern with that truly premium feel. For this project we used our Urbino Stylus Ballpen (MP17059).Displaying 1 - 13 of 13
Perry-Joyce Fine Arts
Large and Impressive Georgian 18th Century Fine Needlework of a Leaping Leopard
Perry-Joyce Fine Arts
$7,500 USD
Pia's Antique Gallery
Irish Georgian Style Hooded Porter’s Chair
Pia's Antique Gallery
$7,200 USD
Acanthus Antiques
English Georgian Tall Case Grandmother Clock 19th Century
Acanthus Antiques
$5,500 USD
Pia's Antique Gallery
18th C. Irish Georgian Porter's Bench With Needlepoint Upholstery
Pia's Antique Gallery
$8,500 USD
Bruschini Tanca Antiques
Georgian "Pliny's Doves" micromosaic plaque
Bruschini Tanca Antiques
~ $20,863 USD OFFER
Vininghill
Very Rare Georgian Sampler with Family Provenance
Vininghill
$7,500 USD
Classic Tradition
Antique 18th century Georgian Mahogany Diminutive Pembroke Side Table
Classic Tradition
$5,800 USD
Savannah Galleries
Late Georgian Beau Brummel Dressing Table
Savannah Galleries
$6,500 USD
The Little Antique Shop
English Walnut Giltwood Trumeau Mirror with Seascape Oil , Georgian
The Little Antique Shop
$6,950 USD OFFER
Olde Good Things
Petite English Georgian style marble mantel
Olde Good Things
$12,500 USD OFFER
New Hampshire Antique Co-op
18th Century Georgian Mahogany Tall Case Clock, Signed Ralph Sherratt Tilley
New Hampshire Antique Co-op
$6,800 USD
Classic Tradition
Antique Late 18th century English Georgian Mahogany Breakfront Collector's Cabinet or Bookcase on Stand
Classic Tradition
$8,500 USD
Pia's Antique Gallery
18th C. Georgian Mahogany And Satinwood Inlaid Library Breakfront Bookcase
Pia's Antique Gallery
SOLDMilton Cato, Caribbean politician who served, 1979-84, as the first prime minister of St. Vincent and the Grenadines after the country achieved independence (b. June 3, 1915--d. Feb. 10, 1997).
Milton Cato
Learn More in these related articles:
- Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: Independence
…the elections, and its leader, Milton Cato, became the first prime minister of the independent country. Cato, a Caribbean nationalist, favoured closer links with the relatively centrist governments of Trinidad and Tobago and of Barbados.
- Joel GarnerJoel Garner, West Indian cricketer who was one of the game’s dominant bowlers in the 1970s and ’80s. Garner grew up in Barbados. He made his Test (international two-innings,
- Lance GibbsLance Gibbs, West Indian cricketer who was one of the most successful bowlers of the 1960s and the longtime record holder for most wickets taken in Test (international
- Viv RichardsViv Richards, West Indian cricketer, arguably the finest batsman of his generation. The son of Malcolm Richards, Antigua’s leading fast bowler, Viv Richards followed in a
- Earl LovelaceEarl Lovelace, West Indian novelist, short-story writer, and playwright celebrated for his descriptive, dramatic fiction about West Indian culture. Using Trinidadian speechNick Hennies could mean one of two things (or both). If you’re a central Texas indie-rock fan, his work as drummer-vocalist in the psychedelic chamber-pop quartet Weird Weeds (with Aaron Russell and Sandy Ewen, guitars and vocals; Lindsey Verrill, bass and voice) is a bright spot in the Austin underground. Also an instrumentalist-composer schooled at the University of Illinois and UC-San Diego, he’s steadily engaged the landscape of both “lowercase” and “uppercase” percussion, recording his own pieces as well as the music of Alvin Lucier, Arnold Dreyblatt, Radu Malfatti, Jürg Frey and others. On April 16, shortly before the May 2011 Austin New Music Coop performance of Cornelius Cardew’s The Great Learning, Hennies and I sat down to discuss his recent projects and some of the ideas behind them. Note: portions of this interview were also used for a Summer 2011 article in Signal To Noise Magazine.
CA: So you’re working with architects for an installation project, I understand?
NH: Well it turns out only one was an architect, and one of them has a math degree but he said he took some classes as a student from this architect. I don’t know how Sean O’Neill [Lustigiovi] knows them, but he said they read what I wrote about what we’d done. I saw a couple photos of their work and read what they’d written and it sounded really similar. When we were talking yesterday, we just rattled things off and at some point earlier in the day, I was thinking to myself like, the common theme about what I’m doing right now is that it’s really direct and deliberate – it’s not complicated but it provides an unusual experience. When we were talking yesterday, the architect said “I can tell you right now that what most architects will submit is going to be really convoluted and complex, and this is great because it’s so direct.”
CA: Tell me more about what exactly this project is going to entail.
NH: Originally it was going to be a CD, and this is an idea I had almost two years ago – it was going to be a solo percussion piece that lasted a very long time, and originally I was thinking I’d also have some electronics or field recordings on it. I never had any ideas that I liked, and almost exactly a year ago at [Austin’s] Fusebox Festival I played and Sean played right before me, and I was just blown away. I was more impressed with him than almost anything else I’ve experienced in Austin. Immediately, I was like ‘we have to work together.’ I’d never heard of him, though [Austin promoter] Aaron Mace knew him somehow and put us on the same show.
I was always under the impression that it would be a recording that could be performed live as well, but the idea was to have an hour of music on it. As I thought about it more, for a long time I’d wanted to do something epic, like hours and hours long, but I never had any ideas that would support that. Now I do, so in February we did a partial last-minute performance, agreeing to play a show where we didn’t have much time. I wrote three sections of percussion music and I played one for about an hour. After that, I decided that not only did we need a bigger room to perform in, but that it should be much longer. Still, I think there might be someone who would be interested in putting out the CD, and it will be the same as what we’d been thinking about. Sean has already filled two hard drives with material himself.
CA: Is he processing what you’re doing or sending him, then?
NH: What he’s creating has no relation to what I’m doing – I specifically told him not to listen. They are separate things occurring at the same time, though I guess they share certain qualities. It sounds a little bit loop-based and some of the sounds are repetitive, but not rhythmically.
CA: When I listened to the clip on the site, my first inklings were of loops, but it’s imprecise and atmospheric as well.
NH: I’m not sure what his process was, but he was trying millions of different sounds – sounds he made from recording acoustically. He has lots of found objects – there was a bass drum sound, and I asked him what it was and he said it was just an oil can. We’re still working on the recording aspect, and this competition came out of nowhere. When I sent the link to Sean, he was like ‘we’re already doing this.’ Bringing people in with eyes for design, I figured they’d probably have better ideas about space than I would. We had some ideas but nothing that was specific to the space.
CA: I think of your solo percussion music as definitely dealing with resonance of objects. You’re going to have to think of environmental variability there, so you must be thinking to some degree about that already.
NH: A little bit, yeah. Having done it once, I realized that every time I do the piece I’m going to have to deal with the space, how it differs from the last one, and so forth. That’s common sense – if you have a small room, you can’t put as much stuff in it. One last minute addition to the piece that we thought of was, I had a couple drums with lamps underneath them and an iPod attached to each drum head. They were playing files that were mostly silence, but maybe every twenty minutes or so a bunch of recorded cut-up noise would come out of the speaker. There was a piece of aluminum foil between the speaker and the drum, and it would buzz and seemingly start doing this on its own. The space we’re looking at doing this in the future is the new Visual Arts Center at The University of Texas at Austin, and we were talking yesterday about doing something where the space was so big that if you had two objects so far apart, and you were standing next to one of them you’d have no perception of what’s going on at the other end of the building. It’s different from being somewhere where you know everyone can hear everything.
CA: That kind of independence could be really interesting.
NH. One idea I had that stuck in my head was that a percussionist plays a composed four seconds of music for about twenty minutes at a time. After twenty minutes, he or she would go somewhere else and do a constant sound, like a bass drum roll or rubbing a piece of paper on a drum, and it goes from really complex rhythmic music to something very simple. Clay, the architect, had mentioned making little compartments that people could walk into and somehow being inside would alter the sound, and that gave me an idea that I could go somewhere that nobody could see me and the sound I’m playing is somehow amplified. I have no idea how or what, but the idea is interesting.
NH: Those came about originally through two pieces. I wrote a vibraphone piece my senior year of college, a little five minute piece as a sort of elegy after Herbert Brün died (because he hated long pieces – he said that everything over nine minutes was an imposition except in special circumstances). Anyway, somehow by accident I found out that if you hold the pedal down on the vibraphone and play something over and over, the sound actually changes without the performer having to change anything. I think what happens is that you’ve got the resonator tube underneath the key. That’s closed and you’ve got air running up and down the tube, and sometimes the sound wave hits the bottom of the key at the same time the mallet hits the top of the key, and causes the key to go dead. If you do that fast, it does this weird constantly changing rhythmic resonance. I started to think about Psalms around the same time the Austin New Music Coop did an all-Alvin Lucier concert. I’d wanted to do the triangle piece for a long time, and I realized that those two concepts were somewhat similar. They informed making pieces with different instruments; the first three are more or less the same compositional idea as those pieces – the performer doesn’t change but the material does. The two vibraphone pieces are examples of what I’d discovered, whereas the snare, woodblock and triangle are examples of the performer subtly changing what I’m doing.
CA: What surprised me was the woodblock – I’d never really thought about the resonance of wood, even though I’ve listened to things like an upright bass or a marimba.
NH: Everywhere I go, people are like “I can’t believe that woodblock.” I actually don’t understand some of the physical aspects of what occurs during that music. I think what you hear is actually a combination of properties of the instrument that people aren’t aware of, and the acoustics of the room you’re in. The snare, triangle, and woodblock are very dependent on the room you’re in and that JD Emmanuel show when I played Psalms was a very dead room and you heard less. More alive rooms allow it to be more interesting, but in general one thing that these pieces do is make a sonic profile of the room you’re in and the way things echo.
CA: When you did that concert at Travis Weller’s place of Psalms, I thought it sounded incredible in his house.
NH: I like that space a lot. My favorite rooms have been live, and when we recorded that CD we tried doing it several places. One was at the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth and you hit one note and it decayed forever. I like that, but the room that was the best was a long rectangular room where James teaches bass lessons. We emptied out the room and I set up in the middle, and that was it. My second favorite was his house, which is similar to Travis’ because they’re not so live that it muddies things – the room’s natural reverb can obscure things a bit – but it still always works. The only thing I don’t like is doing it in a room without any echo. Of course, it’s less clear in an overly echoing room, but I don’t mind that too much.
CA: Are you at all thinking towards ensemble pieces again?
NH: I wrote one for five drummers on the Lungs CD [Full Spectrum, 2010], but that was the first in a while – and I can’t even remember how I thought of that. I wanted to write something that Greg Stuart and I could play on. It would be great to do things involving more musicians but I haven’t had any ideas yet.
CA: Would it be fair to say that being in the Weird Weeds with an ensemble, that that gives you a fix?
NH: Sort of, but being in a rock band is a lot different from writing chamber music. One isn’t better than the other, and a lot of times when I try to make something consciously it doesn’t work. The things I finish are the ones that didn’t come out from specificity, but arose naturally or by accident. Clots I had the idea of while I was jogging two summers ago; when I was playing Psalms live in Houston, before I left I was talking with [Weird Weeds guitarist] Sandy Ewen and lamented that I was having to bring my vibraphone because it’s hard work to fit it in my car, and she said “don’t be lazy.” She was right – it was August and my car is un-air-conditioned and the vibraphone I have is a pain in the ass to move. I brought it anyway, and the show was on the second floor without an elevator, and I got there early enough that nobody was around to help me with it. By the time the show was ready to start I was dripping with sweat, and I actually played incredibly well – the show was really good and I was focused. I had the idea that, well, the worst thing about being a percussionist is moving shit around – everybody hates it – so if I hate moving equipment but the piece is made better by my moving equipment, then that makes moving it around more palatable.
The idea for Clots was like, okay if my doing physical labor makes me play better, that’s part of the piece. It also ties into meditation practices – part of the reason I don’t listen to music while jogging is that certain things you do while jogging are very meditative, you’re breathing heavily and it’s a repetitive thing, and you don’t want to channel your thoughts in too many directions. I feel more focused after a run if I don’t listen to music. But as I was running one day I thought ‘what if I make a piece where the piece of music is work?’ That idea was also to write something really rhythmically difficult but short.
CA: Obviously classical and experimental musicians do perform on tour, but you doing solo works on tour seems birthed from the touring rock musician idiom.
NH: Oh, definitely. That was one thing I really liked about touring with the Weird Weeds – it’s just work, it’s not like being on vacation or anything. I like feeling like what I’m doing has a connection to a tangible act that requires time and investment. It’s better than making pieces in my bedroom and releasing it.
CA: Psalms gets to be what it is through performing it in different situations and with different moods.
NH: That’s how it was written; I have final versions that came about through work, and that’s how I learned the Lucier piece. I tried to do it with a predetermined approach and it didn’t really come out that well, and instead I kept playing it in a way that if I heard something emerge that seemed interesting, I’d follow that and see where it went. Through that process I got a final version and the composition of my own pieces also came about through working on them live until it was right.
CA: Since you’re dealing with direct material engagement and change over time, and we’ve talked about this before, the concept of minimalism and reductive music, how do you deal with terminology for what you’re doing? Do you see the work in a pantheon or is it isolated?
NH: I’ll let other people deal with terminology – I don’t think of it that way. I don’t feel a connection to other composers’ music, with the exception of Lucier, though on the surface it may seem like he’s more influential on these works than he actually is. What I really want to do is harness my natural inclinations rather than decide to “do” certain things, and that’s why there’s a wide variety of music that I’ve put out recently. I’m a little self conscious that I have music that doesn’t sound like it was made by the same person, but I would like to think that over several years there would be a palpable connection between these things. I would like to create a body of work that gives one an example of where I was at certain points, and this is one of the biggest influences I got from John Duncan, where he says that “all of my work is about self-discovery and trying to learn about [himself].”
I wasn’t really making solo music until the Lucier show; Charles Curtis was here and he said “people always ask me why Lucier is so obsessed with echoes and resonance, and really it’s just that he’s like that. He just wants to know – he’s inquisitive about that certain thing.” I thought, okay, people just have natural inclinations – some people are amazing at basketball and others aren’t. So instead of making a string quartet or whatever, what am I naturally interested in and how can I use that to make music? I still don’t know the specific answer. Michael Pisaro wrote something about Wandleweiser, saying “there’s no reason people should like this music – they just do or they don’t.” It seems like a simple thing but for a long time I was like ‘why am I drawn to this music with so much silence where not much happens?’ What is it about me that I enjoy this stuff? I just do.
CA: What I try to draw lines to is that, well, I know the Weird Weeds and your solo work differ, but I feel like there’s a quality that informs both.
NH: I would hope over time that it becomes clear the relationship between the two. If I were to make several albums over time there would be a visible connection.
CA: I can’t put my finger on the word for it, but I don’t unsee an almost pop quality, or accessibility to the solo music.
CA: Knowing what I do about the kind of music you like – whether it’s [punk band] Bitch Magnet or solo percussion music – there is a kind of directness or straight-ahead quality to all of it.
NH: I really like a lot of singer-songwriter stuff and the ones I like have absolutely no bullshit to what they do, like Mark Kozelek. There’s not really anything to the music other than what he’s doing. I read an interview with Greg [Saunier] from Deerhoof and he responded to a question with “I think that if a lot more people used their imagination to make music, there would be a lot more music that gets called ‘weird’.” That quote stuck in my head – everybody’s different, and that’s why I like simple folk music a lot, because there’s a tendency for people to show their inherently interesting qualities.
CA: I’d like to get some of the historical stuff down and frame it in how you got on the path that you’re on musically. I know you grew up in Louisville and played punk rock, but I’d be interested in when you got into studying percussion.
NH: After my second year of high school I switched schools to an arts magnet school, and before that I didn’t even know that you could go to music school for an instrument like percussion. I’d played in band and so forth, but I didn’t know there were these options. There were two guys around my age and one of them owned a marimba – they were already percussionists. The first CD of composers that I bought was because these guys told me about the Elliott Carter tympani pieces and I really wanted to learn how to play them. I found a CD of American composers that had Crumb, Cage, Carter, Copland and Paul Creston on it. There was Cage’s Second Construction, the Carter tympani pieces, and Crumb’s Five Piano Pieces and at the time I thought it was the most revolutionary stuff I’d ever heard. Before that I didn’t even want to go to college – I hated school and I didn’t know that you could go to college for music.
I’ve known how to read music since I was nine; I had a teacher at a music shop whose basis for everything was notated music, and because of that I have good rhythm sight-reading abilities. Even at that time, the point at which I discovered that music, there were a couple of good record stores in Louisville and I pored over the Trouser Press guide, listening to Henry Cow and stuff like that. When I was 15, I started making weird noise music and I got into this band Nero as well; I have tapes of messing around with feedback and stuff when I was a teenager, and it’s not like there was a ‘scene’ in Louisville or anything.
Because of that Cage piece on the CD I’d bought I ended up reading Silence, and the last paper I wrote in high school was a book report on it. That book is one of a small number of things that fundamentally changed the way I think about music. Then I went to the University of Illinois because I had a friend there; in retrospect I could have gone somewhere better, but Herbert Brün was there and that ended up also changing how I think about music. A lot of people don’t know who he is, but the people who have been near him all say that he changed their lives. Honestly I think he was a more talented writer and thinker than he was a composer; he has good music, but in general the things I think are most valuable about his stuff is instilling a value of anti-commercialism.
He died my senior year of college, though he’d been forcibly retired because he was a pain in everyone’s ass and the department was becoming really conservative. In the 60s, Herbert was the one who brought Cage to the University of Illinois. He was one of the first people, along with Lejaren Hiller, to use a computer to make music. He taught a seminar in experimental music, and ended up starting a school in Urbana called the School for Designing a Society, which was a small DIY school focused on progressive social change. He was really intensely political, and it was teaching in a way to encourage positive social change. Composition was very important to his idea of an ideal society – his definition was something like, “a composition is anything that couldn’t exist without the composer.” In its simplest form it’s trying to do something that hasn’t been done before.
CA: Which would really allow for improvisation, I would think.
NH: Ironically, he hated improvisation. All of his students loved him and they all love to improvise.
Then I went and did a year abroad in England my junior year, and after I graduated I went to San Diego to study with Steven Schick and I knew the program was specifically contemporary music. That’s also where I met Greg Stuart; he primarily plays Michael Pisaro’s music now.
CA: When I met you, I thought of you as an improviser; have you gone away from it at this point?
NH: When I was an undergrad, I was involved with this group in St. Louis around the Lemp Arts Center, and they were all students of Herbert Brün who were interested in improvisation as a model for an ideal society. It was very politically motivated improvisation, and when you’re around people who are that dedicated when you’re young, it’s impossible not to think that is what you should be doing. I played with them until I finished college, and when I went to grad school I played somewhat with [trombonist] Tucker Dulin but other than that, I had stopped improvising. I was tired of what we were doing in St. Louis and reached a point where it seemed like it was repeating itself.
When I was in San Diego, I saw nmperign with Axel Doerner and Andrea Neumann, and that was very freeing – there was something new to do in improvisation. Having never heard anyone play like that before, I was blown away. But then I got to a point again where I felt like I’d used up all my ideas and the last thing I wanted to do was create something that was unnecessary. Since 2004, I haven’t been that interested in improvisation; I still enjoy it from time to time, but it’s just not what I should be doing. I’m better suited to other things and I find it more satisfying to play the same five pieces over and over again than playing five completely different improv shows.
CA: Well, it evolves more slowly and you can mark the changes within it.
NH: I think the meat of it is that I’m not excited enough by spontaneity to keep improvising, and I prefer to play composed music.
CA: Could we talk about how Lineal came together?
NH: It’s a different focus – an audio collage with a narrative element that’s almost dramatic. My mom’s father speaks on it and so forth. As long as I can remember, every Thanksgiving or Christmas my grandfather would recite a poem – he’d memorize these poems, and this was one of the reasons I wanted to make the piece, because I didn’t understand why he did this. He didn’t seem to enjoy much, and for some reason he did this thing that he got something out of. As he got older, it was like “oh, it’s time for grandpa to recite a poem…” and the last time I remember seeing him do it, my mom and her sisters were talking and laughing the whole time, and it seemed pretty sad. He had developed Parkinson’s and was barely conscious, but he could still do things like reciting Casey at Bat from start to finish. I was 17 or 18 the last time I saw him.
One of my aunts had suggested that I record grandpa, which we all found kind of awkward, and three years ago my dad found the tape of him reciting poems and sent it to me. It sat around for a while and one day I decided to digitize it, and at some point while I was listening to the transfer I decided I had to use it for something. I worked on that CD for a long time, kind of intermittently, and a lot of the sounds on it were things I just made and recorded with very little processing. The drone part is a banjo solo played by my great grandfather with so much reverb applied that there’s no more rhythm. It’s a harmonically simple piece of music, just a big chord I could use.
CA: Right, he recorded some music of his own.
NH: Yeah, he was in a band called Taylor’s Kentucky Boys. Aaron is really into prewar music and I asked him if he’d ever heard of Marion Underwood, and he said he had a boxed set with him on it. It’s called Kentucky Mountain Music, and it’s got a bunch of songs by the Kentucky Boys along with a Marion Underwood banjo solo. One of the songs we had on a tape when I was a kid was a real hokey tune, and at my grandma’s funeral (Marion was her dad), they were supposed to play this instrumental song and they played the silly one instead – that came on and people were totally giggling at the funeral, which I still think is really charming and better than if they’d played the right song. I hadn’t done anything like Lineal before, and I didn’t want to use the recordings of him talking by changing them – rather put them on top of other things.
CA: Brün’s definition of composition seems pretty apt in this case, because you don’t usually think of solo percussion music as biographical but of course, yours is because it describes what you enjoy doing, and then you also have Lineal which has a family history element to it. Would you ever do something like this again?
NH: I have way more of those poems and I’d like to do something with them, but who knows. I don’t reject ideas if I think they’re good enough to be worth pursuing. I’m just waiting around until something comes into my head that’s worth doing. It’s not always the case – pieces on Lungs came about because it was a matter of harnessing things I knew I could do. Honestly, the music on that CD is closest to the music that I thought I would like to make before I began doing the things I’m doing now. I like that album a lot, and I would like to do some similar things to that again.
CA: Accessibility has negative connotations in this music, but a lot of your work is pretty accessible – with the exception of Lungs.
NH: It’s pretty severe. Part of the reason I like it is that there are things on there that I didn’t realize would work together in service of an album concept, until after I heard it. The second track has a traffic noise on it from recording at [Austin musician-composer] Bill Baird’s studio, for example, and at first I was pissed off because of the noise but I ended up using it anyway and I feel that it works. Each piece uses a different type of silence; the bass drum pieces use absolute recorded silence, and the ensemble piece uses the phenomenon where, for example, the air conditioner is on and you don’t notice it until it turns off. That’s what that piece does – whenever you’re not making a pitched sound with the drum, you rub it really quietly and almost imperceptibly. There’s a lot of traffic noise at Ceremony Hall, and when we did the piece there, it blended in almost completely with the environmental noise. When it got to the actual silence it was deafening and was really effective. The definition of silence in that piece (“Second Skin with Lungs”) was “whatever sound is audible when I’m not playing.”
CA: Well, I have a tough time with silence because of course there’s so much ambient noise, my hearing sucks, and I have tinnitus – so no quiet for me.
CA: In Feldman, the pauses and rests can have more gravitas than the music – they can be heart-stopping.
NH: Alvin Lucier said that he really liked the Second String Quartet, the six-hour one, because there is no time to stop playing and re-tune so the instruments naturally become out of tune with one another and it becomes microtonal music. Very gradually over the course of six hours it goes out of tune. I’ve never listened to the whole thing to find out.
CA: So at this juncture, are you more interested in being a musician or a “sound-artist?”
I don't make a distinction between those two things and I've never really understood the need for the term “sound art” instead of “music” either, but that’s another issue. The most interesting thing for me in music right now – at least as far as what I'm doing is concerned – is engaging with familiar sounds and/or instruments in a way that exposes things inherent to their construction that may have been overlooked or haven't been exposed yet. The most exciting thing for me is making music that can be immediately understood by anyone but is still innovative and unusual in its composition and execution. I want to show audiences something that provokes them to ask questions about the way the world works. It's an approach that appeals to absolutely anyone, as long as they're willing to listen with an open mind and ears.
The Austin New Music Coop did a performance and Q&A at a small community college outside of San Antonio last year where I played Lucier’s Silver Streetcar for the Orchestra. When the piece ended, the first question from the audience was, “Why?” to which I said, “Why go to the Grand Canyon? You go because you want to see something natural and amazing.”
Selected Discography:
Objects (Kendra Steiner Editions, 2011)
Jürg Frey - Metal, Stone, Skin, Foliage, Air (L'innomable, 2011)
Psalms (Roeba, 2010)
Lungs (Full Spectrum, 2010)
Alvin Lucier - Still and Moving Lines of Silence... (Quiet Design, 2010)
Lineal (SRA, 2009)
Turned 3" (Architect, 2009)
Radu Malfatti - l'effaçage (B-Boim, 2008)
Jandek - Austin Sunday (Corwood, 2006)
All images courtesy of Nick Hennies.European Champion James Guy aims to be on-song and racing fast for Glasgow 2018
Reigning European champion James Guy is aiming to be in the form of his life when the Glasgow 2018 European Championships get underway next summer.
The 21-year-old formed part of Great Britain’s gold medal winning 4x100m medley team at the 2016 European Aquatics Championships in London and is determined to defend his title in front of another vocal home crowd in 2018.
Aquatics is one of six sports taking place at Glasgow 2018 alongside Cycling, Golf, Gymnastics, Rowing and Triathlon.
Tollcross International Swimming Centre will host the swimming events with Open Water Swimming at Loch Lomond, Diving at the Royal Commonwealth Pool in Edinburgh and Synchronised Swimming held at Scotstoun Sports Campus.
For a full schedule of events and information on how to buy tickets click here
Having tasted success at Tollcross during the 2014 Commonwealth Games, where he won gold and bronze medals, Guy is targeting further glory in front of the famous Glasgow crowds.
He said: "Glasgow’s a great place. It was my first Commonwealth Games there and I’ve had numerous trials there. The pool is fast and it’s our target meet for that summer."
"I want to be on song for it. I’ll be 22, young and fit and ready to go and racing as fast as I can."
"It’s going to be interesting being part of a wider European Championships, the first one of them. It’s something new and exciting and I’m looking forward to it."
"Having other sports around definitely adds to the feel and my memories from an event."
First and foremost in the mind for Guy however, is the FINA World Aquatics Championships in Budapest which start on 14 July.
British Swimming have named a strong team and Guy will be among those looking to defend titles having clinched two golds at the 2014 worlds in Kazan. He’s joined in the squad by Glasgow 2018 ambassador Ross Murdoch and eight-time European champion Adam Peaty.
Olympic-silver medallist Guy said: "Obviously I want to do as well as I can and better than in the Olympics. I’m the current world champion in the 200m freestyle so obviously I’ll be trying to win that event again."
"But it will be tough with Sun Yang and a couple of the Aussies there, and Chad le Clos who is a good friend of mine, so it’s going to be interesting."
"I’m in a good place, I’m training really well, I’m happy and the way I’ve been going racing-wise this season means I can do a good job, hopefully."
Tickets for the Glasgow 2018 European Championships are now on sale at glasgow2018.com/tickets starting at £10 for adults and £5 for under-16s and over-60s. Swimming prices start from £15 for adults and £7.50 for concessions (plus fees).
A full schedule of Glasgow 2018 events – including Swimming at Tolcross International Swimming Centre - is available here
Image credit: Deep Blue MediaIs NECO Result Out? Have They released NECO 2017 Result? This is to inform all Candidates who participated in the… [Read More]
NECO Result Is Out | NECO Latest News - NECO Website
Is NECO result out? When will NECO release result or NECO GCE result.
These are the popular questions that people ask about NECO RESULT and NECO in General.
If you want to also see the latest news on WAEC, click Here.
Bearing that in mind, I am now welcoming you to the NECO Latest news section of our website bentenblog.com where we bring you latest news on the National Examination Council (NECO) latest release.
NECO is one of the bodies in charge of conducting senior school examination for those who are in the final year's of they secondary school education.
The Exams set by the National Examination Council (NECO) is a must write for all students before graduating from a high school.
A result (NECO RESULT) is issued out to all those who has successfully participated in the examination set by the board.
NECO Examination has two sections and they are :
1. NECO examination for regular candidates and
2. NECO exam for Private candidates.
NECO LATEST NEWS ()
The major updates we are going to cover on this page are as follows :
1. NECO RESULT
2. NECO GCE RESULT
3. NECO Syllabus
4. NECO Registration Updates
NECO RESULT UPDATE
NECO result is the performance that candidates who participated in NECO examination goT during the Exercise.
The results Takes at least two or more months to be released after the examination has concluded.
NECO Result Is Now Out. See How to check NECO Result here.
NECO GCE RESULT NEWS.
NECO also issues result to private candidates or GCE candidates who participated in the NECO examination which usually takes place around August to December each year.
NECO SYLLABUS.
To prepare very well for NECO exam, you need the NECO syllabus to be able to access the topics where questions will be set from each subject. To see the latest NECO syllabus, Click here.
NECO REGISTRATION NEWS
To participate in NECO exam, You need to register for the Exam. The registration for each year usually starts around November/December. To know if this year's NECO registration has started, click here.
NECO OFFICIAL WEBSITE
The West African Senior School Certificate Examination (NECO) has an official website where they release latest news concerning of what we mentioned above.
The NECO official website is.
Can One Use NECO Result To Study Abroad? See Answer
Can i Use my NECO Result to study at any University or Institution Abroad? Is NECO Result Accepted Outside Nigeria… [Read More]Sign up for our newsletter and immediately get a $5 coupon code emailed to you.
Welcome to Stowe Kitchen Bath & Linens!
Join us and learn how to make delicious baked cheese with maple pumpkin butter, Chicken satay with Green Goddess dipping sauce, and the best chocolate chip cookies!
3:00 pm - 5:00 pmRockfax Description
The right-hand arete is awkward. © Rockfax
UKC Logbook Description
Climb the arete to the right of The Scoop on some interesting and good quality rock. Be careful if you fall off - it is easy to smash your head on the buttress to the right!
Ticklists: Starred Southern Sandstone 6a's.Alabama Road Trip No. 24
Rocking and Rolling on the Mountains: A Driving Tour Through Steele, Ashville and Springville
by Grey Brennan
Get off the stretch of interstate that lies between Birmingham and Gadsden for a wonderful road trip where you will find beautiful mountains, historic towns and one of the best bouldering sites in America as well as attractions, shops and restaurants operated by local townspeople. The Schultz family owns and operates a nature park on Chandler Mountain near Steele. Near Springville, the Whites of White’s Mountain have built a bluegrass music festival park while another family of Whites on Pine Mountain cut off-road vehicle adventure trails on their land. And in the city of Springville at Homestead Hollow, thousands come for the annual arts and crafts events. A visit to attractions along Interstate 59 just northeast of Birmingham will allow you to race or climb your way to adventure and enjoy traditional bluegrass music, all on top of a mountain. This entire trip is off three adjacent I-59 exits: 166, 156 and 154 near the towns of Steele, Ashville and Springville.
Explore a Nature Park Atop Chandler Mountain in Steele
Start this road trip in Steele at Horse Pens 40 (3525 County Road 42, Steele; 256-538-7439), a privately owned outdoor nature park located atop Alabama’s third-highest mountain, Chandler Mountain. The park got its name from the original deed that allocated the land into three sections: the home 40, the farming 40 and the horse pens 40. Each tract contained 40 acres of land. To find Horse Pens 40, take I-59 exit 166 to U.S. Highway 231/County Road 35 and start watching for signs.
Horse Pens 40 is known among the rock climbing community as a premier bouldering site and the site for one of the legs of the Triple Crown Bouldering Series, the largest bouldering competition in the United States. Held each fall, the Triple Crown attracts 700 competitors and spectators during the one-day event. On other days of the year you will find this nature park more low-key. It is home to several bluegrass music festivals with many in the area remembering hearing Emmylou Harris perform on a small stage, which is still standing among a field of large boulders.
You don’t have to love rock climbing or bluegrass music to enjoy the park. Horse Pens 40 is a great nature and history lover’s destination. It is said the only peace treaty ever made between the Creeks and the Cherokees was signed on this property. In later years moonshiners and outlaws used the land, which adds an element of mystique and intrigue to the site.
Even if you don’t climb rocks, it’s enjoyable to stroll through one of the most interesting boulder fields in the world.
There are also many types of rare plants and trees in the park so even if you don’t climb rocks, it’s enjoyable to stroll through one of the most interesting boulder fields in the world. There are hundreds of weird shapes and faces to be seen in the 600-million- to 1.3-billion-year-old rocks that are found here. Walk through the park and look for rock formations such as Turtle Rock, Mushroom Rock and both Little and Big Elephant Rock. Local legend is that Native Americans would celebrate spring on the day sunlight poured through the trees and rock formations, striking an eagle-shaped rock.
Photo Tip: On the western edge of Horse Pens 40 is a lookout. Go at sunset for a wonderful photograph of the sun dropping below the adjacent mountains.
Travel to Ashville To Visit History Museums and a Quilt Shop
From Horse Pens 40, return to the I-59 exit 166. Cross over the interstate and go south to Ashville (205-594-2116). Just before you reach Ashville’s historic square, you will see the large yellow Box-Drake House, which is home to the Ashville House Quilt Shop (35 Third St.; 205-594-7046), open Wednesday through Saturday.
When you reach Ashville’s square, take a leisurely drive around the courthouse and locate Jilly Beans (120 Sixth St.; 205-594-3357), the local ice cream and fresh produce store. Other stops within walking distance are the Old Ashville Masonic Lodge and Mattie Lou Teague Crow Museum (Seventh Street; 205-594-2116), which is open by appointment, and the John W. Inzer Museum (229 5th St.; 205-594-2116), which is open on Saturdays from May through June and by appointment.
You can also visit the Ashville Museum and Archives (78 Sixth Ave.; 205-594-2128) where the local tourism office is located. The John Looney House Pioneer Museum (4187 Greensport Road/County Road 24; 205-594-2116) is open Saturday and Sunday afternoons and is located five miles west of Ashville and the Judge Elisha Robinson House (20 Rose Lane; 205-594-4366) is on U.S. Highway 231, south of AL Highway 23.
Don't Miss
Bluegrass on the Mountain
There are plenty of bluegrass events on this tour, with Horse Pens 40 offering bluegrass festivals in May and October and White’s Mountain hosting bluegrass festivals in Springville in June and October. White’s Mountain is also the location of the annual Chimney Corner Celebration in October.
The Whites of White’s Mountain
Tommy White and his wife, Sibyl, are both bluegrass musicians, and when their jam sessions outgrew their living room their fellow pickers persuaded them to build a bluegrass park on their land. Located on the edge of St. Clair Springs, a former resort community with a long history of traditional music, the couple pledged to incorporate the natural surroundings into an outdoor music festival. They built a stage, amphitheater, a large refreshment area and a general store on their land, appropriately called White’s Mountain, and started White’s Mountain Bluegrass (40 White’s Mountain Lane; 205-467-6927). Their bluegrass festivals, held on the second full weekend in June and the third weekend in October, feature the music they and their audience love while their Chimney Corner Celebration, held on the last weekend of October, focuses more on the mountain traditions of the area.
To get to White’s Mountain from Ashville, go back to I-59 and exit 166. Travel south (toward Birmingham) and get off at the next exit (exit 156). From exit 156, travel south on AL Highway 23 for 1 1/2 miles to reach a dirt road called White’s Mountain Lane. Drive up this road to get to the festival location. RV and tent camping is available.
Visit Ice Cream and Candy Shops and Stroll Through Antiques
Return to I-59 and travel south to the next exit to reach the city of Springville (205-467-2339). From exit 154, travel less than one mile until you reach the four-way stop sign that marks the intersection of Springville’s main street, which is also AL Highway 11. From this point you will find interesting stops left, right and ahead of the stop sign.
If you turn right at the four-way, you will immediately be in Springville’s downtown where you will find Laster Sundries (Main Street; 205-467-2076), a store that has sold ice cream and candy to generations of children and adults. Also along Main Street you will see a sign with the word “antiques” hanging from the awning of the old Washington Feed Store that operated for more than 100 years. Today this building contains the Springville Antique Mall (5630 Main Street, US Hwy 11; 205-467-0612) with 37 vendors.
You will find several local restaurants along Springville’s Main Street including Main Street Italian Bistro (6470 U.S. Highway 11; 205-467-7656) and Casa Del Sol (6468 U.S. Highway 11; 205-452-2140).
Once you have left the city’s town center, turn around and go back to the stop sign and continue (turn left if you are just arriving from the interstate). Headed in this direction on AL Highway 11, you will find Blackwood Gallery and Studio on your right (5715 U.S. Highway 11; 205-467-7197). Dean and Sharon Black are both artists and offer their works, as well as works by other local artists, in the gallery. Attached to the gallery is Dean’s wood studio where he can often be found working on his next project. He is a master craftsman and has been commissioned to do work for the Birmingham Museum of Art and other destinations.
About a block down the road from Blackwood Gallery and Studio and also on the right is Local Color Cafe (5811 U.S. Hwy. 11; 205-467-0334), a restaurant with live music on Fridays and Saturdays. Local Color is listed in the “100 Places To Hear Live Music in Alabama” tourism brochure.
Homestead Hollow
Turn around and travel back to the four-way stop sign. Turn left (or from the interstate go straight through the intersection). You are now on Muphrees Valley Road where you will find the arts and crafts festival Homestead Hollow Springfest in May and Homestead Hollow Harvest Festival in October (1190 Murphees Valley Road; 205-467-3681). These and other annual arts events at Homestead Hollow draw thousands.
The Whites of Pine Mountain
Continue on Murphrees Valley Road and you will reach the top of Pine Mountain where another family with the last name of White operates an off-road riding park that caters to motorcycle, four-wheeler and side-by-side riders. Greg and Susan White and their family have 45 miles of exciting dirt tracks at their place called The Ridge (8745 Pine Mountain Road; 205-467-0142). Open most Fridays through Sundays, The Ridge includes a store, rental ATVs and overnight accommodations. The Ridge offers separate trails for the youngest of riders and rock climbing classes for adventure seekers who would rather climb than ride.
The Ridge has been used by many off-road vehicle companies to demonstrate their new models of four-wheelers and dirt bikes. The location was even used by one company as a location for filming their television commercial.
To reach The Ridge, continue on Muphrees Valley Road from Springville for four miles. The road will take a U-turn halfway up Pine Mountain. When you reach the top of Pine Mountain, take a left onto Pine Mountain Road and look for the “The Ridge” sign on your right.
Spend the Night
You can camp or spend the night in one of the seven small, cozy one-room cabins at Horse Pens 40 (3525 County Road 42, Steele; 256-538-7439) or stay at the Roses and Lace Bed & Breakfast (20 Rose Lane; 205-594-4366) within walking distance of Ashville’s town square. The Ridge (8745 Pine Mountain Road; 205-467-0142) has rooms to rent as well as camping sites.
Points of Interest
please email grey.brennan@tourism.alabama.gov.Bike is all done and just featured in an online magazine: (July 2013)
Bike is all done and just featured in an online magazine: (July 2013)
616 836-3911
Awesome man hope things are going good down there.
That is cool!!!
My Favorite Rides:
2016 Ultra Limited
2010 Ultra Classic
2003 Dyna SuperGlide
1967 Bell UH-1 Iroquois(Huey)
Most motorcycle problems are caused by the nut that connects the handlebars to the saddle.
Awesome man. Keep up the good work!!! Enjoy paradise!!
^^My $0.02 not yours^^
-Chris
aka Gas Man
"Why pay somebody else to fuck up your bike?"
"Custom don't bolt on!"
COOL STUFF !
TheReaper!Global And Chinese Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry, 2017 Market Research Report’ is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Acetone-Furfural Resin Market with a focus on the major countries/markets in the world like North America, EU, APAC and ROW.
The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Acetone-Furfuralone-Furfural Resin industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and Chinese import/export.
The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
The report then estimates 2017-2022 market development trends of Acetone-Furfural Resin industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry before evaluating its feasibility.
Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2012-2022 global and Chinese Acetone-Furfural Resinone-Furfural Resin market.
Chapter 1, to describe Acetone-Furfural Resin Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force;
Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Acetone-Furfural Resin, with sales, revenue, and price of Acetone-Furfural Resin, in 2016 and 2017;
Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017;
Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Acetone-Furfural Resin,one-Furfural Resin market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022;
Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Acetone-Furfural Resin sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Acetone-Furfural Resin market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
Table of Content –
Chapter One Introduction of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
1.1 Brief Introduction of Acetone-Furfural Resin
1.2 Development of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
1.3 Status of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
Chapter Two Manufacturing Technology of Acetone-Furfural Resin
2.1 Development of Acetone-Furfural Resin Manufacturing Technology
2.2 Analysis of Acetone-Furfural Resin Manufacturing Technology
2.3 Trends of Acetone-Furfural Resin Manufacturing Technology
Chapter Three Analysis of Global Key Manufacturers For all Companies.
3.1 Company A
3.1.1 Company Profile
3.1.2 Product Information
3.1.3 2012-2017 Production Information
3.1.4 Contact Information
Chapter Four 2012-2017 Global and Chinese Market of Acetone-Furfural Resin
4.1 2012-2017 Global Capacity, Production and Production Value of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
4.2 2012-2017 Global Cost and Profit of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
4.3 Market Comparison of Global and Chinese Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
4.4 2012-2017 Global and Chinese Supply and Consumption of Acetone-Furfural Resin
4.5 2012-2017 Chinese Import and Export of Acetone-Furfural Resin
Chapter Five Market Status of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
5.1 Market Competition of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry by Company
5.2 Market Competition of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry by Country (USA, EU, Japan, Chinese etc.)
5.3 Market Analysis of Acetone-Furfural Resin Consumption by Application/Type
Chapter Six 2017-2022 Market Forecast of Global and Chinese Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
6.1 2017-2022 Global and Chinese Capacity, Production, and Production Value of Acetone-Furfural Resin
6.2 2017-2022 Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry Cost and Profit Estimation
6.3 2017-2022 Global and Chinese Market Share of Acetone-Furfural Resin
6.4 2017-2022 Global and Chinese Supply and Consumption of Acetone-Furfural Resin
6.5 2017-2022 Chinese Import and Export of Acetone-Furfural Resin
Chapter Seven Analysis of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry Chain
7.1 Industry Chain Structure
7.2 Upstream Raw Materials
7.3 Downstream Industry
Chapter Eight Global and Chinese Economic Impact on Acetone-Furfural Resinone-Furfural Resin Industry
Chapter Nine Market Dynamics of Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry
9.1 Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry News
9.2 Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry Development Challenges
9.3 Acetone-Furfural Resin Industry Development Opportunities
Chapter Ten Proposals for New Project
10.1 Market Entry Strategies
10.2 Countermeasures of Economic Impact
10.3 Marketing Channels
10.4 Feasibility Studies of New Project Investment
To avail DISCOUNT on this report inquire @
The Acetone-Furfural Resin Market research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Acetone-Furfural Resin market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market.
The report provides a basic overview of the Acetone-Furfural Resinone-Furfural Resin:The big man who at one point was expected to play the hero for a franchise long mired in mediocrity is now joining forces with a group known for its winning tradition to form a superteam.
Christian Standhardinger was chosen No. 1 in the 2017 PBA rookie draft by San Miguel Beer in a ceremony held at Robinson’s Manila on Sunday.
Instead of being seen as a savior and going to Kia, which has rarely seen success since its inclusion in the league in 2014, Standhardinger is now heading to the Beermen, the oldest and most decorated club in league history, no thanks to a much-ballyhooed trade.
“I’m just so grateful that I can play in the PBA, that I can play for San Miguel. Hopefully we can win some championships together. I can’t wait to start,” said Standhardinger, who was joined onstage by San Miguel officials and 4-time MVP June Mar Fajardo.
The catch though is Standhardinger might play out his contract with Hong Kong Eastern in the ASEAN Basketball League, which runs until April, meaning he could be out the entire Philippine Cup and the early part of the Commissioner’s Cup.
That’s the only drawback choosing the Munich-born Filipino player whose draft stock shot up the charts when he played a string of international competitions for Gilas Pilipinas in July and August.
Whenever Standhardinger becomes available to play, that’ll be the day the other teams’ nightmares will begin.
The 6-foot-8 Standhardinger, born to a German father and Filipina mother, will team up with 6-foot-11 Fajardo.
Surrounded by a squad that fell one championship short of winning the Grand Slam in the 2016-17 season, unfair doesn’t even begin to describe the Beermen’s roster.
Standhardinger entered local basketball consciousness when he played for Gilas in the Jones Cup in Taipei in July.
Impressed with his natural physical gifts as an agile big man, fearlessness to bang inside the paint and ability to score, he was picked as Gilas’ naturalized player for the FIBA Asia Cup in August.
His commitment to the national team in such a short span finally paid off when, less than a week after the FIBA Asia Cup, he joined the other, younger Gilas squad that won the gold medal in the Southeast Asian Games.
Playing with certified PBA stars and other future league prospects on the national team somehow limited Standhardinger’s opportunities to show his entire repertoire of skills.
In a year-round league setup where talent is spread out, Standhardinger has the potential to stand out.
(For more sports coverage, visit the ABS-CBN Sports website.)
All Credit Goes There : Source linkError, please try again
Media Prima Bhd STOCK
STOCK
Media Prima Bhd
Moody's Rating for Media Prima Bhd
MOODY'S ANALYTICS RISK SCORE
Profile Media Prima Bhd MORE
Media Prima Bhd. is an investment holding company, which engages in the media business. The company operates through the following segments: Television Networks, Radio Networks, Outdoor Media, Print Media, Digital Media and Content Creation. The Television Networks segment engages in commercial television broadcasting, video-on-demand services and home shopping network. The Radio Networks segment engages in commercial radio broadcasting. The Outdoor Media segment engages in outdoor advertising space and related outdoor advertisement production works. The Print Media segment engages in publishing and sale of newspapers. The Digital Media segment provides digital media content and services.>>.
Freedom? (Score:2, Interesting)
Freedom has become a nonsense word. It means whatever you want it to mean apparently. Might as well say shamalalalalala ding dong.
another thing to thank the knownothings for.
Insurance companies... (Score:5, Interesting):As soon as the smart car counts as the driver (Score:4, Interesting)
I really don't consider a simple hypothetical scenario that closely matches very recent events "hysterical".?We offer a complete selection of electrical and plumbing supplies.Our goal is to provide our customers with the right product for their needs. This often involves special orders.
We provide products and assistance to customers for projects ranging from minor repairs to whole house installations.
Because we stock a full line of electrical and plumbing parts, you can find everything you need to do your project from start to finish.
We specialize in Wood Stoves and Stove Pipe Accessories.
We sell presto logs, heating pellets, kerosene and propane.
Culvert and Highway Drainage Pipe commercial developments, homes, farms or livestock facilities, or under haul roads used for mining or forestry.
Culverts are generally short in length and open at both ends and often must withstand substantial traffic loads. While the installation does not require a large quantity of pipe, the installed drainage structure is extremely important to the overall of the road/drainage interface.
We carry Galvanized culvert in 10's, 20's, and 30' foot lengths. ADS culvert is available in 20' lengths, but we are able to cut to 10' lengths. (See our stock inventory list).
ARTICLES
Generators
HELPFUL INFO
Generator Wattage Worksheet
Winterizing Projects
De-icing Products
STOCK INVENTORY
Culvert Pipes
NOW AVAILABLE
New Products
Wednesday propane special.
10¢ off our
regular price.
See more: Lighting & Electrical • Plumbing Fixtures & Faucets • Plumbing Supplies
Monday - Friday 7:00AM - 6:00PM, Saturday 8:00AM - 5:00PM, Sunday 9:00AM - 4:00PM- Wastes
- Toilet Seats
- Flushing
- Fitting instructions
- Store Locator
- Website feedback
- Trade shows
- Macdee Wirquin Nano Merchandiser
- Select your toilet seat in three clicks
- NEW PRODUCT LOCK PLUS
- Lock Plus gets a grip and plugs the problem
- A New Member Has Joined Wirquin Ltd
- Those Crazy People
- Wirquin is celebrating 40 years in business this year
- A year of madness at Wirquin
- NANO 6.7, a brand-new and revolutionary basin waste solution packed with technological innovations
- Wirquin celebrates 40 years
- Macdee Wirquin's ultra compact Nano basin waste and trap: the smallest on the market
- Waste and trap is a real time saver
- Celmac Wirquin unveils Modufix
- Macdee & Celmac campaigns
- Save time and gain space
- Wirquin's space saving Nano
- Quick Fit valve for installing without removing cistern
- Sitting pretty with Modufix
- Macdee Nano 6.7, a ultra compact basin waste solution that combines space gain, quick assembly & accessible cleaning
- Celmac Wirquin Modufix provides a choice of upgradeable hinge options for your toilet seat
- New basin waste solution
- Macdee Wirquin Nano 6.7 new waste & trap solution
- Nano 6.7 new waste and trap solution from Macdee Wirquin
- Nano 6.7 - The new waste and trap solution
- Nano 6.7: Compact Waste Solution
- Domestic Heating & Plumbing - Nano 6.7
- Flush with technology
- Make it quick
- Global support grows established UK sanitary brands
- Wirquin's innovative products range, 100% made in the UK
- Double innovation award win for Macdee Wirquin Quick Fit Flush Valve
- KBB 2016: INNOVATION AWARD SPECIAL
- Double innovation award win for Macdee Quick Fit Flush Valve
- An installer's dream...Wirquin's Quick Fit wows Innovation Awards judges
- Wirquin launches mobile friendly interactive website
- Wirquin wins again
- Shortlisted for Four Business Awards
- Save time, space and water with Macdee Wirquin
- Dragon Boat Race for Charity
- On the Road wIth Wirquin
- Wirquin embraces Yorkshire
- Motion Pictures
- Celmac celebrates 125 years
- New Product Pocket Guide Launched
- Careers
- Contacts
- Search results for Sanitary Equipment
- Cette page n'existe plus
- Wirquin in the world
- Press form
- News
- Crazy 40 years... Crazy Mick Kirby
- Visit Wirquin at KBB - It's a no membrianer!
- 10 minutes with Nick Richards - Commercial Director
- Wirquin wishes you Happy Holidays
- Nano aiming for KBB Bathroom innovation of the Year Award
- Set Up and Sell in a NANO
- Award winning Nano 6.7
- £700 raised at Wirquin’s Birthday Celebrations
- Macdee Wirquin enter the 2017 Build It and the Designer KB Awards with the ultra compact Nano 6.7!
- Wirquin Welcomes...
- Wirquin Welcomes...
- Wirquin Ltd support The Children’s Hospital Charity
- OHSAS 18001 Certification Update
- A year of craziness at Wirquin...
- Wirquin Welcomes....
- Get the right toilet seat and hinge option for you...
- New: Celmac Wirquin Present Modufix
- Wirquin Ltd are on social media!
- Celmac Wirquin Launches Lock Plus
- Wirquin Raise over £500 for Yorkshire Air Ambulance
- Wirquin turns 40!
- Launch of Nano 6.7
- Wirquin at PHEX Chelsea 2016
- Wirquin Welcomes....
- Did you know... Wirquin have a new product catalogue!
- Wirquin raise money for Yorkshire Air Ambulance
- Wirquin Welcomes...
- Macdee Quick Fit Flush Valve wins Double Innovation award
- Come and see our latest innovations at KBB 2016
- Wirquin wins again
- Wirquin launches mobile friendly interactive website
- Flagship products a hit at PHEX Chelsea
- Bosses in the stocks for World Toilet Day
- Shortlisted for Three Chamber Business Awards
- Rugby World Cup Win with Wirquin
- Innovative plumbing solutions at PHEX Manchester
- Last chance to enter Rugby World Cup Prize Draw
- Visit us at PHEX Manchester and Chelsea
- Save with Macdee
- Assisted living style is right on trend
- Wirquin to save water and money
- Dragon boat challenge raises funds and team spirit
- Wirquin wins most improved supplier of the year award
- Celmac celebrates 125 years
- Wirquin wins 2.5 business awards
- Wirquin
- Do you have a question?
- Videos
- Connect to the press areaIbm smarter analytics case studies
Ibm analytics, solution to case study. | Help in writing
19.05.2017 · IBM Analytics enables your organization to their communications preferences and drive smarter marketing strategies case study. Learn how to …
IBM Business Analytics Case Studies | Predictive Analytics
15.08.2012 · Case Studies: Leading the Way to Follow IBM Big Data & Analytics. Facebook; YouTube; IBM Data Magazine; Smarter Questions Blog; Events. …
IBM Analytics - Home - United States
IBM experts are working with energy and utility organizations globally to accelerate the development of smarter energy IBM Analytics. Case Study. BienVEnu : A
Smart Cities | IBM Helps Rio Become a Smarter City
IBM Global Center for Smarter Analytics. Fundamentals of Business Analytics Case Study IBM Global Center for Smarter Analytics
Сотрудничество Case-studies
Global IBM Smarter Cities case studies applicable to the strategy and needs of Singapore's SmartNation agenda. Presented by Tim Greisinger (IBM) in Singapore on …
IBM Smarter Datacenter Program - IDC
IBM Smarter Business and Smarter Smarter decisions for optimized performance. “Managing Risk with Analytics” IBM worked with the Operational …
Smarter Analytics: Driving Customer Interactions with
IBM's 'Smarter Planet' evolves. “Smarter analytics is helping companies all over the world predict what's case studies and information about IBM
Ibm big data analytics case studies Ibm case studies
23.09.2015 · See how IBM's Big Data and Analytics Case Studies - Big Data and Analytics - IBM IBM Big Data & Analytics to drive smarter
IBM - Smarter Business and Smarter Technology for a
Case studies ThyssenKrupp Achieves 113 percent ROI through analytics Enhanced insight into supply chain and customer satisfaction Smarter Analytics. Business
Business analytics case studies | Deloitte US
IBM Telecommunications Featured case studiesView all case studies. Customer experience. Celcom. IBM Analytics for telecom .
Case Studies: Leading the Way to Better Healthcare | IBM
10.04.2012 · Video embedded · IBM Smarter Analytics IBM Business Analytics. Loading To learn more about IBM Smarter Analytics, visit…
IBM Smarter Enterprise - U.S. Open Case Study
a behavior, and an advertising campaign IBM's It got me thinking that Smarter Planet is a perfect case study for any of us working on comprehensive
IBM Research | First-of-a-Kind Program (FOAK) | Case studies
IBM Smarter Datacenter Program Case Study. Integrated Smarter Datacenter Program Integrated Marketing Practice IDC & IBM Smarter Datacenter Roundtable
Ibm Analytics Case Studies - reedstreeservice.com
20.05.2017 · Case studies. Tab navigation. External Case Study. Video. Back to top. Innovation Passport. IBM Research; A Smarter Planet; GIO;
Cincinnati Zoo Case Study | Analytics | Zoo
11.06.2017 · The IBM “Smarter Commerce Moneyball was used as a metaphor to illustrate the power of analytics in 38 B2B Content Marketing Case Studies
Learn Analytics Using A Business Case Study
Case Studies Showcasing IBM client stories Overview; Search; Featured Industry Case Studies Contact IBM Case Studies. Email IBM; Contact; Privacy; Terms of use;
IBM Launches Smarter Analytics: Ready to Get Smart?
23.03.2012 · IBM Launches Smarter Analytics: of case studies experience in IBM Cognos Insight. Business analytics is one of Ventana
Ibm smarter analytics case studies - spidr.com.au
IBM Big Data and Analytics case studies show how organizations are achieving significant Sharing insights through business case studies. Learn more. IBM Client
IBM-Business-Analytics-Case-Studies - IBM Global
11.05.2017 · AI and Cognitive Computing Explore the future of AI with IBM Research. Explore research. 20 years after Deep Blue, At IBM Research Labs around the
IBM Launches Smarter Analytics: Ready to Get Smart
Ibm analytics case studies (formerly known as ibm content analytics with enterprise search (icawes)) Ibm smarter analytics case studies
Amazon.com: Analytics Across the Enterprise: How IBM
IBM Analytics enables your organization to engage with data to answer the toughest business questions, uncover patterns and pursue breakthrough ideas Six years and
Ibm business analytics case studies Ibm predictive
Welby lintiest need your skivvy illegally. dingier joints that limns trichotomously? snazzier and zigzag Graehme ibm business analytics case studies bemuses two
IBM Smarter Cities Case Studies for Singapore -
24.02.2014 · Learn Analytics using a business case study : Can you share any other weblinks/forum where more of alike case studies can be practiced by analytics
IBM White Papers - Case Studies - Webinars | Engerati_24<<
IBM Metals and Mining industry - United States
Analytics Across the Enterprise: How IBM Realizes Business Value and shows through 31 case studies how IBM has derived analytics can make you smarter …
Exploring the Potential of IBM Smarter Analytics Solutions
28.11.2014 · Cincinnati Zoo Case Study. Interconnected This data. and remaining connected to the insight IBM Business Smarter IBM Business Analytics Case Studies.
Ibm business analytics case studies - Dhipirri Barra and
4 Netherlands Railways case study: 4 Exploring the Potential of IBM Smarter Analytics Solutions Smarter IBM Smarter Analytics
Ibm content analytics case studies :: Essays on the dead
02.06.2017 · IBM case study: Vanderbilt gains Case Studies: Leading the Way to Better Healthcare. IBM Data Magazine; Smarter Questions Blog; Events.
Case Studies Showcasing IBM client stories
Ibm case studies big data. Ibm case studies big data services baker & mckenzie analyzes unstructured case documentation to reveal previously unknown relational
Nucleus Research | Return On Investment (ROI)IBM Smarter
IBM Helps Rio Become a Smarter City. Examples and case studies. SCC Spotlight Cities. How SAS uses analytics to uncover intelligence for the fight to halt
Analytics Across the Enterprise: How IBM Realizes Business
24.05.2014 · Buy Analytics Across the Enterprise: How IBM shows through 31 case studies how IBM has derived analytics to IBM Smarter Planet
IBM Industries: Telecommunications
Ibm Case Study. Ibm Case Study. Only Case Studies in Middle Adulthood By Gail Explain how this predictive analytics solution works. Case Analysis 7Average Salary in Kinsale, Cork, Ireland
Kinsale, Cork Median Salary by Job
About Kinsale Salaries
Employees in Kinsale, Cork make an average salary of €32,066. The most popular occupations in Kinsale are Production Supervisor which pay between €38,974 and €38,974 annually. Some popular Kinsale industries include Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. Some popular Kinsale employers include Eli Lilly and Company.- READING my planner for next week, mental planning on the posts.
- WRITING the alphabets to cut out for birthday cards.
- LISTENING to my coughing fit because of the cold weather.
- THINKING about food. I am starving!
- SMELLING cold air.
- WISHING for The Sims 4 to be released already. Still. So. Long.
- HOPING The Boy could have been slightly as excited as I am about our SunDate. Apparently the weather and the tiredness crown his bed as #1 right now. I totally understand that, but still. *contradict*
- WEARING my pajamas. My brain is awake but my body is not. The Boy's fault.
- LOVING the sound of the raindrops.
- WANTING The Boy to wake up. Like, now now now!
- NEEDING a cup of hot milk chocolate. This weather is too chilly for my liking.
- FEELING nervous about doing a guest post. To do, or not to do?
- CLICKING through my Flickr for a photo to be used here.
Peep at how the others' spend their Sundays here!
FOLLOW ME: BLOGLOVIN // GOOGLE+ // INSTAGRAM // TWITTER
I love your sunday currently posts - great idea! I hope you stop coughing soon xx
You should totally try! It's actually a link up with Lauren from siddathornton every Sunday. She's taking a short break from blogosphere though. Heh.
LOVING THE WEATHER! Though it's doing no good to my cough too. Get well soon!
Mmhmm! Hopefully it won't be another rain-but-no-sun-with-wet-shoes-and-clothes-undry week. You get well soon too!.
Because at Computer service in London we understand your needs, we will do our best to restore your equipment to ideal condition as soon as possible. You will never need to be concerned about your computer’s health when you require it the most.
You do not need to have any technical expertise yourself. We will check what is wrong and repair it on a short notice. There is no trouble we could not cope with. Our competence has been tested by many customers to their utmost satisfaction.
You can have all of this at a very reasonable cost. Servicing computers is our hobby as much as job. We are happy that we can to assist you while at the same time pursuing our interests in technology.
Be invited to discover the opportunities we provide at Computer service in London. We are waiting to demonstrate our skills to you. There is no better place in entire London to choose. See you soon at Computer service in London!
More info: laptop repair london.The overall objective of this live, 2-day lung cancer master class, and the archived Internet webinars as enduring materials for one year available approximately 3 months following the live program in Dallas, is to provide much needed lung cancer training to the executives within pharmaceutical companies and diagnostic/laboratory companies, especially those who are new or relatively new to lung cancer. In addition, this lung cancer training initiative is also designed to help non-industry Health Care Professionals (HCPs) who provide patient care, to better understand the most recent clinical developments regarding lung cancer therapeutics, supportive care products and diagnostics.
The FOCUS of this two-day Master Class will be on the most important and most common areas of what lung cancer drugs, supportive care and diagnostic tests are used. Recognizing the time constraints of a two-day agenda certain areas will receive more time than others, reflecting, as best as possible, the relative proportion of how lung cancer is treated today. For example, a large percentage of the two-days will be devoted to metastatic NSCLC. Special topics such as “Should Stereotactic Ablation Body Radiation (SABR) be considered as an equivalent, alternative standard of care to surgery for stage I NSCLC patients," will not be included on the agenda. Rather, a slight discussion on the treatment and management of early-stage (I-IIIA) NSCLC cancer will be addressed.
The Master Class agenda has been structured so that the expert lung cancer KOL faculty helps pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies to provide better service to their customers: the oncologists, pathologists, fellows, nurses pharmacists and other HCPs involved in delivering care to lung cancer patients.
What makes this Master Class so unique is that it is a CME/CE-accredited or certified course that utilizes academic and cancer leaders in ancillary areas as the course faculty. The Oncology Learning Center (OLC) has accredited this course for 16 hours of CME/CE credit because many, if not the majority, diagnostics and supportive care for lung cancer.
Outside of this Master Class, pharmaceutical industry and diagnostic industry professionals of various health care disciplines have lung cancer organizations such as the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer and the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Therefore, we have designed this 2-day Master Class to focus on the needs that are based upon medical and scientific research that both the clinical and marketing pharmaceutical industry executives must thoroughly understand in order to be proficient in their various industry positions involving drugs, diagnostics and supportive care for lung cancer.
The comprehensive agenda on this Website describes in great detail the content of this Lung Cancer Master Class. In addition, the expert academic and leading ancillary expert faculty members and their biographies are provided.
The educational format or learning design of this Master Class is one that is intentionally highly interactive. From the beginning through the final panel discussion, all presentations, session and panels are structured so that the audience can ask questions of the expert faculty. And vice-versa, the faculty will be asking questions of the audience throughout the entire program.
To receive CME/CE credit, the learners attending the February 2-3, 2017 Lung Cancer Master Class have two weeks following the program to complete the required program survey (on line), and to successfully answer the knowledge test questions found on Oncology Learning Center (OLC) Website for this Master Class. All of the PowerPoint® slides, recorded audio and PowerPoint slide presentations will be available for download and "24/7" immediately following the Master Class.
NOTE: Bring your own "Smart Devices" to interact with the faculty
Please bring your iPhones, iPads, Tablets, Androids, Laptop Computers, etc., to the February 2-3, 2017, Lung Cancer Master Class. (If you forget, we will have a few extras for you to use in Dallas.) Smart Devices connected to our private Master Cass Network will enable you and the other Master Class participants to use your personal "smart devices" to ask any questions of the faculty throughout the 20day program from your seats in the audience, and also, to enable you and others in the audience to answer the numerous lung cancer questions of each faculty member during their presentations.
In 2016, lung cancer was the leading cause of cancer deaths in the US, remains a significant unmet medical need, and, is expected to be a major clinical and scientific challenge for the foreseeable future, but with modest incremental advances. According to the American Cancer Society Facts and Figures there were an estimated 225,000 new cases, and 160,000 deaths from lung cancer this in 2016. Survival rates for patients with lung cancer vary widely depending upon the stage of the lung malignancy when it is initially diagnosed. The five-year survival rate for Stage I NSCLC is approximately 50 percent. Perhaps more importantly, because most lung cancer are diagnosed at late stages of disease, especially Stages II and mostly IV, the five-year survival rate for Stage IV NSCLC is approximately two percent. Thus, it is clear that there is incredible opportunity for improving outcomes for patients with lung cancer.Despite the overall poor outcome, lung cancer patient outcomes are improving. Patients are living longer and with a better quality of life because physicians and other healthcare professionals have access to the information to gain the knowledge and competence to treat, care for and manage their patients. Physicians have a better understanding of lung cancer cell biology, an increasing ability to personalize existing and emerging systemic lung cancer drug therapy because of molecular and genomic diagnostic tests, the availability to use next-generation systemic lung cancer therapy and expanded uses of many existing systemic lung cancer drug therapies.
The target audience for this CME/CE Lung Cancer Master Class is primarily the pharmaceutical/diagnostic industry executives who are involved in the area of lung cancer: either in drug cancer development or commercialization. A large and an increasing number of executives holding various medical, research, marketing, sales and other vital positions within drug and diagnostic companies involved in lung cancer,, physicians nurse, pharmacists and other HCPs, in either private practice or academia, who are interested in this Master Class CME/CE activity are invited to attend. And finally, anyone else who may not be a HCP, but rather are important and integral members, especially in a limited group of 70 participants, will only help to facilitate an important interactive dialogue during this two-day Master Class.
This symposium provides 16 hours of CME credit to physicians, 16 hours of CNE credit to nurses, 16 hours of CPE credit to pharmacists, and a Certificate of Attendance for fellows and other HCPs for receiving 16 hours of credit from their professional organizations and accrediting societies.
The BioMedical Learning Institute is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education to provide continuing medical education for physicians.
The BioMedical Learning Institute designates this live activity for a maximum of 161-L01-P
Credits: 16 hours (1 16 16 hours of Category 1 credit for attending this symposium.
Fellows will receive a certificate of attendance that they can submit to their accrediting organizations for continuing education credit.
The February 2-3, 2017 Lung Cancer Master Class will be conducted at the Hyatt Regency Hotel located in Terminal C which is very conveniently located inside the Dallas/Ft. Forth (DFW) International Airport.
We have secured 70 sleeping rooms at a discounted room rate of $209 per night (single and double occupancy) at the Hyatt Regency DFW. Triple occupancy is $234. Quadruple occupancy is $259. All of these discounted rates are exclusive of applicable taxes which are estimated at 13%.
The contact information of the Hyatt Regency is:
2334 North International Parkway
DFW Airport, TX, 75261
Telephone: 972-453-1234
The Hyatt Regency recommends using Passkey to make your web-based sleeping room reservations. Passkey is made available by Hotel on a complimentary basis, and provides an electronic reservations interface that is customized for the Event.
Reservations may be made, modified or cancelled by attendees using Passkey. All information is confidential between the Hyatt Regency and the guest. Reservations for rooms accessible to guests with disabilities may be made in the same manner. Reservations must be made on or before the Cut-Off Date which is January 18, 2017.
Individuals will also be able to make, modify or cancel reservations by calling 888-421-1442 toll free and referring to Group, Event name or Event code. Reservations must be made on or before the Cut-Off Date of January 18, 2017.
For the convenience of all participants of the forthcoming February 2-3, 2017 Lung Cancer Master Class we have selected the Hyatt Regency Hotel, inside Terminal C of the Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport, for conducting the actual 2-day Master Class and for all sleeping rooms.
Please note #1: There are two Hyatt hotels located inside the Dallas (DFW) Ft. Worth International Airport. One is the Hyatt Regency (inside Terminal C) where the Lung Cancer Master Class will be held and where we have reserved 70 February 2-3, 2017 Lung Cancer February 2-3, 2017 Lung Cancer.Details
Fresh off the vine, we will cook dinner together! Our menu will include a fresh bruschetta appetizer, harvest pumpkin soup, walnut crusted salmon, and garden sides. We will finish with a decadent fruit dumpling for dessert. Bring your creativity and a friend for an evening of laughter, learning and fun over dinner to celebrate the end of the harvest..
This is the first version of the Sandbox mod. It isn't 100% finished, it has a few minor omissions, but we thought it was time to release something :) Please read the comment below for installation help and comment to either our facebook group or website for any queries.
Only registered members can share their thoughts. So come on! Join the community today (totally free - or sign in with your social account on the right) and join in the conversation.
B5.hc-gamer.de
Facebook.com
This comment is currently awaiting admin approval, join now to view.
awesome cant wait! tyvm for all the hardwork!
I don't think I can thank you guys enough. But to start off with, Thank You.
I wait this from long time ago,thanks dude.
Awesome, thank you!
why only one link?? I can't download from ModDB because of the problems with the Internet connection, and periodic disconnection((( It would be nice to have a link to Goolge.Drive or OneDrive. Thank you in advance for understanding!!! I have a month to download because of my stupid Internet can't(((((
This look amazing, I have a dumb question, will it work with X3 AP?
this mod is beautiful beyond comprehension... Nicely done. :p
wen i try to rename the dat files 14 and 15 i just crash ....
This comment is currently awaiting admin approval, join now to view.
Is there any way to help with the lagging problem? It seems to grind to a halt after a while.1886 Necrologist Report
(Transcribed and copyrighted April 22, 2001, by Lawrence B. Peet, Joliet, Illinois. Permission granted to copy for non-commercial use only. All in Italics and upper case surnames are added to or modified from the original by the transcriber.)
(1886 Old Settlers’ Association of Will County, Necrology report, compiled by Dr. B. F. Allen and printed in the Joliet Weekly News, September 3, 1886, supplemented by portions from the Joliet Daily News of September 2, 1886, with the history of the creation of Will County and establishment of the first county government by George H. Woodruff, transcribed by Lawrence B. Peet.)
Old Settlers Reunion.
The sixth annual reunion of the Will County Pioneers is being held to-day at the Driving Park. It is also the fiftieth anniversary of the organization of Will county.
The attendance this morning was rather slim, but towards noon people came in faster and mingling together talked over “ye olden times.” Death has thinned the ranks considerably, the past year having witnessed the departure of twenty-one to their long home.
The ladies of the Brooklyn Baptist Church supplied a fine dinner from 11 to 2 at the low price of 35 cents, which was liberally patronized, although many brought baskets of good things and spread tempting arrays upon the ground.
President Woodruff and Secretary Allen passed around with pleasant smiles, welcoming the newcomers and introducing strangers.
The exercises were opened by the audience singing the Doxology, after which prayer was offered by the chaplain, Stephen R. BEGGS.
Dr. B. F. ALLEN, secretary, treasurer, and necrologist, read the minutes of the last meeting and made a report as treasurer, about the balance on hand last meeting to have been $42.79, dues paid since then, $59.50; total $102.29; expenses of last meeting, $46.31; leaving a balance of $55.98. At the meeting of Sept. 2, 1885, he introduced a resolution, which was carried, requesting friends of any pioneer who should die during the following year to send him a notice of such death. Not a single notice was sent, which necessitated his spending a whole day looking over the files of The Daily News, from which the following list was made:
Mrs. Mary ASHLEY, wife of Cyrus ASHLEY – Born in 1836; died at her home in Joliet, of consumption, October 7, 1885.
Mrs. Louisa W. DIBELL, widow of Elder J. B. DIBELL, and mother of Judge DIBELL – Born in Ellington, Conn., in 1819; died at Joliet, October 17, 1885.
James GOODSPEED, member of the bar, editor of The Joliet Republican, postmaster and alderman – Born in Tioga county Pa., in 1836; died at his home in Joliet, October 17, 1885.
Wm. NETTLER – Born in 1810; died at Wyannette, Bureau county, Ill., October 8, 1885; was for many years a farmer in Frankfort township, this county.
Jepthah ELDERKIN – Born in 1803; died November 4, 1885, in Joliet, in which place he had been a quiet resident for many years.
Mrs. Rebecah DEMMOND, widow of Charles DEMMOND – Born in Rutland, Mass., in 1804; came to Illinois in 1839; died at the home of her son, M. G. DEMMOND, in Joliet, Dec. 4, 1885.
Mr. CORBETT – Born in 1810; found dead in his bed December 5, 1885, about four miles from Wilmington.
Rob’t STRONG – Born in Greensboro, Vt., in 1806; settled in DuPage township in 1831; died at his home there December 30, 1885.
Jacob S. PALMER – Born in 1810; died in Joliet, January 14, 1886.
Mrs. Caroline E. SUNDERLAND, sister of S. W. RANDALL, of this city — Born in 1813, died at Plainfield, March 6, 1886.
Saxton R. RATHBURN, father of Valentine RATHBURN – Born in Marcellus, Onandaga county, New York, in 1805, came to Illinois in 1845; died at DuPage, March 12, 1886.
Mrs. Abiah WEEKS – Born in 1797, died at the home of her son, Horace (WEEKS), in Joliet, March 26, 1886. Was the mother of four sons, Horace, George, Charles and John.
Dan’l B. McELHERN – Born in 1819, died at Joliet, April 24, 1886.
Mrs. Rachel BARRETT – Born in 1814; came to Jackson Grove, Ill., in 1848; died at Brooklyn, Joliet township, March 21, 1886.
John LINEBARGER – Born in 1818; died at Bonfield, Ill., May 6, 1886. Was an old timer and for many years a resident of Jackson, Ill.
Robt. L. SEWARD – Born in Otiego, Co., N. Y., in 1828; came to Will County in 1850; elected alderman in 1872; was one of the “solid eight” who voted for $1.000 license; died at his home in Joliet, June 26, 1886.
Morgan ASHLEY – Born in Lewis Co., N. Y., in 1818; came to Illinois in 1833, first settled in Plainfield; died west of Lockport, June 20, 1886.
Wm. J. HEATH, police magistrate, justice of peace and sergeant-at-arms of state capitol during MATTESON’s governorship – Born in Oswego, Co. N. Y. in 1804; came to Illinois in 1840; died at his home in Joliet, June 10, 1886.
Peter ADAMS – Came to Joliet in 1839, died in Galesburg, August 13, 1886. Was for many years a highly respected and esteemed citizen of Joliet.
Calneh ZARLEY – Born in Pike Co., Ohio, April 21, 1822; came to Joliet in 1831; died at his home here August 20, 1886. Was editor of Joliet Signal, forty years till his death; postmaster and member of board of school inspectors.
After dinner the program came along in due order, George H. WOODRUFF made a spicy address and read several letters of regret and a poem from the pen of Albert T. KERCHEVAL, of California. Then Capt. PHELPS read a most excellent poem, which we give herewith:
(With apologies to the descendents of Capt. PHELPS, I will bypass his literary work because it is outside the scope of our treatment here. – L. B. Peet)
The old settlers doing that, followed after The News went to press yesterday were very lively and entertaining and there was a big crowd toward the last. Judge PARKS’ address was pleasantly received and a grand old hand-shaking wound up the proceedings.
The names of those present yesterday, who came to Will county prior to its organization in 1836 were:
Mrs. J. T. WATERMAN, Mrs. Robert STEVENS, 1830; Daniel GOUGAR, ’31; H. SNAPP, Ira O. KNAPP and wife, J. P. HEMPHILL, ’33; J. P. KING, Dwight C. HAVEN, C. J. LINEBARGER, L. M. CLAYES, John WILLIAMS, Sr., T. J. LANG and wife, George H. WOODRUFF, D. C. BALDWIN, ’34; G. W. EVANS, C. C. SMITH and wife, H. N. MARSH, ’35.
The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:
President – Dr. DAGGETT.
Vice Presidents – Curtis MORSE, Homer; Amos PAXTON, Lockport; Thomas SPRAGUE, DuPage; Robert CLOW, Wheatland; T. J. LANG, Plainfield; D. C. SEARLES, Troy; Charles SMITH, Channahon; John KELLY, Wesley; Selah MOREY, Florence; Jabez HARVEY, Wilton; R. J. BOYLAN, Jackson; Clark BAKER, Manhattan; H. H. STASSEN, Green Garden; Fred WILKIE, Washington; A. P. LILLY, Crete; D. L. CHRISTIAN, Peotone; Levi DOTY, Frankfort; Thomas DOIG, New Lenox.
Executive Committee – Alexander McINTOSH, George MUNROE, Clay CASSEDAY, William H. ZARLEY, Edmond WILCOX, Joliet.
Secretary-Treasurer – B. F. ALLEN.
Chaplain – S. R. BEGGS.
Geo. H Woodruff’s address was peculiarly interesting. It was full of history and prophetic visions. We shall quote a few entertaining features. He began by saying:
That must have been a sober day in the history of our 100th regiment when, after its baptismal fight of three days at Stone river, it was mustered on the fourth day of January, 1863, for roll call, and Lieutenants WORTHINGHAM and MITCHELL, and privates THEILL, HOPKINS, RHAM, HESS, GREENMAN, ATKINS, killed on the field, and many others wounded and in the hospital, failed to answer to their names.
Not altogether unlike the sad feelings of those survivors, as they closed up their depleted ranks, have been ours today, as we have listened to the names of those pioneers who have died since our last meeting, and as, during our hour of social interchange, we have learned of this one, and that one, who have been prevented from meeting with us by the infirmities of age.
I trust a feeling of gratitude to Almighty God, for the life and strength still vouchsafed us, has not been wanting in our hearts.
***
The emigration into this region after the Black Hawk war was so rapid that the people began to agitate the matter of a separation from Cook county early in 1835. It was felt to be too great an inconvenience to be obliged to go to Chicago – then an all-day’s journey – when ever we wished to indulge in the luxury of a big law suit, or getting married or divorced.
Accordingly, in the winter of 1835-6, Dr. A. W. BOWEN of Joliet, and James WALKER of Plainfield, went to Vandalia, then the capital of the state, for the purpose of lobbying the project through the general assembly. They were successful and on the 12th day of Jan., 1836, an act was passed by which the territory now included in Will county, and also all that part of Kankakee county lying north of the Kankakee river, was erected into a new county, to be known as the County of Will. The name was given to it, not because we were especially a wilful people, but because a senator of that name had just died, whose memory they could in this cheap way make immortal.
***
By this act Joliet was made the county seat.
***
By this Addison COLLINS became our first surveyor, and also a justice of the peace, and James McKEE, C. C. VAN HORN and O. W. STILLMAN our first justices.
Mr. Woodruff then gave a detailed description of how candidates for office were nominated and elected by “word of mouth,” there being no written or printed ballots as now.
The first county ticket was as follows:
County commissioners – James WALKER, of Plainfield; Holder SISSON, of Lockport, and Thomas DURHAM, of Bourbonnais.
Recorder George H. WOODRUFF, of Joliet.
Sheriff – Robert STEVENS, of Joliet.
Coroner – Ephraim DAGGETT, of Joliet.
Mr Woodruff and O. W. Stillman are the only survivors of those early officers named above.
The venerable president then said:
At the March election those who resided upon the west side of the river in the precinct of Plainfield, and had to go to that ancient burg to vote, while those residing upon the east side were in the Hickory creek precinct and voted at the log house of Philip SCOTT, on the farm now owned by John SHUTTS, Esq.
***
The first county court was held on the 14th day of March, at the old “Juliet Hotel,” which stood on the northeast corner of Ottawa and Van Buren streets, then kept by Thomas H. BLACKBURN. Holder Sisson, James Walker and Thos. Durham composed the court, not so imposing in number as the present board of supervisors, but three dignified, true and honest men.
Their first act was to appoint Levi JENKS clerk in whose behalf a strong petition was presented by his many friends. He had come to our embryo city from Ohio during the summer of 1835, and was known as a ready scribe. Mr. Jenks is still living and is, beside myself, the only survivor of the original county officers. They also appointed him school commissioner, under bonds of $12,000. William ROGERS, Aaron MOORE, W. A. CHATFIELD, Archibald CROUL, and Charles CLEMENT, all good men and true, were his sureties, all of whom are now dead.
***
At a special meeting in May, grand and petit jurors were selected. Of the two lists there is but one – George TYRON of Channahon – that has not joined the silent majority.
One of the most important acts of this May session was the fixing of tavern rates, then considered a wholesome restraint. They were as follows:
For brandy, gin, rum and wine, 6 ¼ cents per glass.
For shrub, wisky, cider, beer and all fermented liquors, 6 ¼ cents.
Speaking of the first court house, the historian said:
At the meeting of the commissioners’ court, held in March 1837, it was resolved to build a court house and jail, combined. Richard L. WILSON, a member of the board, and Allen PRATT and Albert SHEPARD, were appointed a building committee, and authorized to contract for the erection of a stone building two stories high, and 35 x 40 feet on the ground. The contract was let to Blackburn & Wilson for $2,000.
***
A pretty good idea may be got of its appearance from the illustration published in the historical edition of The News, which Mr. PAIGE has had transferred to the walls of one of our new court rooms.
And here comes the prophetic part:
The old first court house, and indeed, the second one, by which it was superceded in 1850, make but a sorry appearance beside our new one. Fifty years hence our children and grand-children will no doubt keep the centennial of Will county. While no one can predict the changes and improvements of the next half century, I believe that the present generation has done its work so wisely and so well, that yonder beautiful building will then be standing intact, and still answering the needs of Will county. I hope the city papers will put this prediction on record. It may give the speaker of 1936 an opportunity to smile at our expense. For so great a progress in the coming fifty years as we have seen in the past, would give Will county a court house equal at least to our State Capitol.
But should such a one be built, I do not think it will be built upon the ruins of the present new one, but on some one of our highest bluffs, with so high a tower that from it one will then look down upon a city of three or four hundred thousand – its gorgeous stores and dwellings and extensive manufactories not only filling up this valley from Lockport to Joliet Lake, but also crowning all the enclosing bluffs, and extending far out upon the outlying prairies; while through this same rocky bottom shall then flow an enlarged canal, fed directly from Lake Michigan, and bearing upon its placid waters the commerce both of the lakes of the north and the great rivers of the south and west. Our new and beautiful court house will then be occupied by the city magnates of the council and school boards – not the present incumbents probably – and a grand city library containing something besides novels.
***
But, fellow thirty-sixers, we shall not see it, at least not in the flesh. What we may see and know as disembodied spirits is not worth our while to speculate on, for we shall soon know.
Recent CommentsAon Hewitt Uses Interactive Video to Create Innovative Consumer Experiences
Storytelling and Guided Experience at Aon Hewitt: Using Interactive Video to Create an Innovative and Engaging Consumer Experience—the first in the eLearning Guild's series of in-depth case studies profiling strategic human resources and learning and development solutions utilizing interactive video, personalization, and storytelling—is available for download today.
Given today’s “information overload” and the complexity surrounding insurance and health care, corporations face a multitude of challenges when engaging employees on health care benefits and services.
Learn how Aon Hewitt used interactive video technology to create personalized experiences to better engage and educate employees on health care plans, wellness programs, and retirement options.
Download the eLearning Guild case study to learn more about how Aon Hewitt used interactive video as part of a larger internal communication and training strategy to better communicate complex information that drives high engagement rates and desired behaviors.Norwegian Reveals Project Breakaway Accommodations July 11, 2011 Project Breakaway staterooms combine Jewel and Epic elements By: Marilyn Green Cruise The Details Norwegian Cruise Line Norwegian Cruise Line has released the first details of its two ships that are part of Project Breakaway, the next generation of Freestyle Cruising vessels. Kevin Sheehan, Norwegian’s CEO, presented the designs to more than 1,000 travel agents attending Vacation.com’s annual conference in Las Vegas last month.\“The overall design theme for Project Breakaway’s staterooms is modern boutique hotel meets the sea,” Sheehan said. “We strongly considered the overall needs of our guests when designing these staterooms and wanted them to be greeted with an ambience that is warm and inviting and has a very contemporary feel with clean, modern lines.” Sheehan added that the company wanted to maximize the use of space within the staterooms and ensure ample storage room.“Ultimately, our goal is to achieve a really good balance of form and function,” he said, “a well-designed, beautiful, comfortable and sensible living space.”The Project Breakaway name focuses on the opportunity for the guest to break away from the routine of work, school and daily stress, and find a true respite at sea. The plan is to take the best features from all of Norwegian’s existing ships, drawing on the line’s experience of launching 10 newbuilds in the past 10 years, starting with Norwegian Star and Sun in 2001 and culminating with the launch of Norwegian Epic in 2010. Scheduled for delivery in April 2013 and April 2014, each ship will have approximately 4,000 passenger berths. Project Breakaway ships will each have 1,024 balcony staterooms and 238 mini-suites.Norwegian commissioned design group Priestmangoode of the U.K., working in conjunction with Tillberg Design of Sweden, to create the staterooms. Priestmangoode was the firm that designed the line’s very successful Studio staterooms on Norwegian Epic, purpose-built for solo travelers.Project Breakaway staterooms combine the form and function of the line’s Jewel class ships’ staterooms with Norwegian Epic’s modern and contemporary design. Each balcony stateroom has a king-size bed (that can be separated) with a pillow top mattress set against a chestnut leather headboard, cushioned and tufted to make reading and sitting in bed more comfortable. There is a convenient lighted recess above the bed to hold books, magazines, tablet computers or electronic reading devices. Each room has a sofa bed with additional storage.A 26-inch, flat-screen television is mounted on the wall and tilts so it can be seen from the sofa or the bed. Underneath the television is another recessed nook to hold cruise information, books and magazines. There is also a vanity area with shelving and lots of storage space. LED lighting surrounds the perimeter of the ceiling to give the room warmth. Each stateroom has a full-size closet that is easily accessible with sliding doors. The staterooms are energy efficient, utilizing key card access to control lighting in the room. The balcony bathroom has completes the room. Project Runway bathrooms will be fully enclosed, a change from the controversial design on Norwegian Epic.The mini-suites are roomier versions of the balcony staterooms with larger, more luxurious bathrooms that incorporate a modern double sink with two faucets and a mosaic glass tile backsplash. There are open and enclosed storage spaces under the sink. The bathroom also features an oversized spa-like shower with a rain showerhead and multiple body spray jets, along with a separate handheld showerhead.Norwegian promises more details on the two new vessels later this year. Additionally, the cruise line recently partnered with USA Today to launch a contest to name Norwegian's Project Breakaway ships. Print EmailPalmitoyletanolaminde (PEA) – hope for sufferers of chronic pain
In recent years a new weapon in the battle against chronic pain has emerged, one with a name that’s enough to cause you some additional pain – Palmitoyletanolaminde. In clinical trials, this curious new compound has been shown to be very effective in the treatment of chronic pain with none of the debilitating side-effects commonly associated with strong pain medication.
For this reason, Palmitoyletanolaminde is gaining a groundswell of support from holistic doctors throughout Australia
What is Palmitoyletanolaminde (PEA)?
Although it was first studied in the 1950s, until recent years, Palmitoyletanolaminde  ‘switchesoyletanolaminde has been shown to be effective² in the treatment of many conditions associated with chronic pain including carpal tunnel syndrome, sciatic pain, osteoarthritis, low-back pain, failed back surgery syndrome, dental pains, neuropathic pain in stroke and multiple sclerosis, chronic pelvic pain, postherpetic neuralgia, diabetic neuropathy, and chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy..Control accessMonitor and control who has access to your users, apps, and devices. For usersView user security settings and revoke accessMaintain data security after an employee leavesAutomatic OAuth 2.0 token revocation upon password changeBlock access to consumer accountsFor organizations and groupsApply custom security policiesSet up 2-Step VerificationFor appsHow authorized access worksAllow or disallow less secure apps to access accountsWhitelisting connected appsFor devicesApply password settings for mobile devicesApply settings for Android mobile devicesApply settings for iOS mobile devicesApply advanced settingsRemove G Suite data from a mobile device Share this: Nevermore by C.S. Poe
Amazon –>
Review –>.
Fallen Heart by Cate Ashwood
Amazon –>
Review –>
Synopsis
Zero Hour: Book Two?
Jared’s Salvation by TK Paige
Amazon –>
Synopsis
Book 1 in the Crossed Paths series.
Looking for Group by Alexis HallLooking for Group by Alexis Hall
Amazon –>
Synopsis
People you meet online aren't real. Except that they totally are..
Light and Shadow by GL Roberts
Amazon –>
Available on Kindle Unlimited
Synopsis.
Like Heaven on Earth by Jaime Samms
Amazon –>
Synopsis
Dance,.
Light and Water by M. King
Amazon –>
Synopsis
2nd Edition.
First Edition published by MLR Press, 2011.
Weight of the World by Riley Hart & Devon McCormack
Amazon –>
Available on Kindle Unlimited
Synopsis
.
Equilibrium by L.C. Davis
Amazon –>
Available on Kindle Unlimited
Synopsis.
Is This Desire? by R. Paone
Amazon –>
Available on Kindle Unlimited
Synopsis
He said, "Never stop."
I said, "Never will."
.
This contemporary work of fiction is approximately 45,000 words and contains strong thematic material that is intended for adult readers only.
Earning His Leathers by S Dora
Amazon –>
Synopsis
Red Line Underground by Cheryl Dragon
Amazon –>
Synopsis
Red Line Underground: Cyber Scavenge
While hacking a cyborg for the Underground, this rebel snagged his submissive Mr. Right!!
Red Line Underground: Cyber Scars
After enduring extreme torture, implants, and reconditioning, can a man accept freedom and pleasure?.
Note: These titles were previously published.
Kyle (Legacy #1) by RJ Scott
Amazon –>
Synopsis to make.
Word Count: 50,200
Unfinished by J.R. Barten
Amazon –>
Available on Kindle Unlimited
Synopsis past he cannot allow himself to forget.
Fun-loving and outspoken Dev Hemingway health?
Wednesday 31st August
Blood Divine by Greg Howard
Amazon –>
Synopsis.
Wide Open Spaces by Renee Stevens
Amazon –>
Synopsis.
Override by SJD Peterson
Amazon –>
Synopsis.
Lord of a Thousand Steps (Love in Laguna #4) by Tara Lain
Amazon –>
Review –>.
Freebie
Hanging Loose by Lou Harper
Amazon –>
Synopsis.
Cover Me by L.A. Witt
Amazon –>
Synopsis.
#99c/#99p Reads
PLEASE NOTE: The New Releases, Sales and Freebies post and our Weekend New Releases Weekend Giveaway post will be taking a temporary hiatus. Mark and I are away this weekend at the UK LGBTQ Meet and when we get back, I’ll be moving into a new home. So as soon as I have a phone line and the internet is connected, in the words of Arnie; “I’ll be back”
Monique x sc
You don’t have to be a computer geek to speed up your PC. In fact, by learning the 6 methods listed below, you can easily squeeze more performance of your PC – even if this is your first time using a computer. Whether you want to increase your internet speed or improve your gaming performance, here are the 6 easiest ways to speed up your PC. 6) Download Google Chrome: There are several diffDomain age of Draftingsteals.com is 15 years. Traffic is around 9K visitors during previous month, which corresponds to 789083 place in the global site ranking. During this month, traffic to site has increased Draftingsteals.com.
Draftingsteals: draftingsteals.com YOUR IP address is 5.9.10.113 Date and Time of Query: Thu Sep 10 04:25:22 EDT 2015 Reason Code: IEAutomated trading system can monitor the Forex markets 24 hours a day; automated systems are completely disciplined to the set of system rules and never stray; automated on Friday, New York time or before about 5PM on Sunday, New York time. If you don’t have a strategy and are investing randomly without doing research, then will be willing to take more risks than others, for example. It’s important that you educate yourself and learn as much you shouldn’t copy or worse, buy other Forex trading strategies ready-made because there just isn’t any real logic to this at all. Divergences actually occur most when a trend is reversing, in fact, they can often on Friday, New York time or before about 5PM on Sunday, New York time. This is where automated Forex trading software can help it can keep working for you to bring in the Forex trading income you desire. Trading the Forex market has many benefits over other financial markets, among in London for introducing US customers to this non-US registered company their offices in London !
You can literally get started with less than $1,000, and while it might be a good idea to wait until forex trading indicators and they can be used for trend followers, contrary trading or swing trading. Another important difference between Forex trading and stock market trading is that retail clients, Standard time until four in the afternoon Eastern Standard Time Friday. In each case, there are minimal considerations and a trader has to just to manage the job when the signals might happen at any point and the trading positions require your constant attention. How to Start Forex Trading Forex trading is very easy to traders and financial institution to increase their profit revenue from their currency trading business. Many people are getting into forex trading without consistently with a demo account and then replicate whatever works with a live trading account – it’s that simple, really. FAP Turbo is automated forex software that is very simple to in it, something that might be very beneficial to read is a Forex trading robots review.
Spot transactions are generally undertaken for an actual exchange of currencies – you can start learning forex trading concepts from some online portals. It is all about maximizing the number of profitable trades you get and minimizing the number of poor trades the major currency pairs are very liquid making trade executions almost instant with little slippage. It can allow Forex traders to deduce very large and buying or selling new highs or lows will enable you to catch every trend. Trading without emotion can be difficult at times, especially when the market is down, but with be, Why is it that some traders succeed while others fail to trade successfully in the Forex market? Candlestick Analysis – The Best Forex Trading as a few hours and as long as several weeks. If you have had a quick volatile move to test support or manually or they can be “painted” on the screen automatically.
What is risky about pyramiding, is that in the case of longer positions, a pyramiding Forex trader will have to pay a higher price function, and also how the economic news and economic calendars aid in the process. Forex Trading – What Is Market Spread in Forex Spread is to changing economic conditions – The investors receive a fair market price of the currencies – The investors or account holders are less vulnerable to liquidity risk. Fibonacci levels will offer information about various calculations that Swiss franc CHF , the Canadian Dollar CAD , the Australian Dollar AUD and the Japanese yen JPY . If you want the most accurate information guiding your of market movements to make money at your own pace. One cannot expect to jump straight into the forex market with no knowledge and come out a winner, will be much more aware of the positions that you have open, in the Forex market. Of course if you are a more experienced Forex trader, you will be able to develop your own trading at cheaper price ranges but exactly how great are they?From inside the book
8 pages matching Ludmilla Fedorenko in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 8
What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Common terms and phrases
1988 Contemporary Soviet 1990 The Missing aesthetic Alexei Shulgin Alternative Contemporary Photography archive Art and Photography art community avant-garde Baltimore 1991 Barthes Bolsheviks Boris Mikhailov Bourdieu Brodskii's Burgin Cindy Sherman classical collage colour Contemporary Soviet Photography culture Duchampian early family album fascination Gennady Gushchin Group exhibitions Helsinki Igor Savchenko Immediate Photography Installation Kharkov kitsch Komar and Melamid London Love Ludmilla Fedorenko Luriki series Maria Serebriakova mass-culture Mikhailov's luriki Missing Picture montage Morosov Moscow 1994 Selected Moscow Artists numbers Ogonek painter Bella Matveeva painting Lenin pamyat perestroika period Photo Manifesto photo-document Photo-Foto photo-fragment Photo-reclamation Photobridge photographic political present exhibition printing Pushkin ready-made reality recently Representation Russian Museum Rylov's salons Sergei Leontiev series 1982 onwards Sherrie Levine Shishkin social Sots-art Soviet Conceptual Art Soviet Union St Petersburg Stepan Razin Stephen Foster stereotypes Stockholm Tatiana Salzirn tradition Tretyakov Gallery Ukraine Untitled USSR Victoria Buivid visual Vladimir Kupreanov Western XL GalleryJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
888-BANKSVAC
Recently added item(s) ×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Price:
$239.99
Availability:
Available - Ships from Factory Warehouse in 1-3 Business Days. The V6 car + boatBrookside men’s golf Club
Board Elections
November 14, 2017
CANDIDATE STATEMENTS
ART LONGORIA
I have been on the Board, thanks to this membership support, for over twenty years. Asking once again for your voting support. Would very much like to stay on the Board and continue making a contribution.
Thank you.
Art Longoria
ED SAYER
I have been an active member of BMGC for seventeen years and a serving board member for the past nine years, helping with the website and tournament committees, setting up online signups and this past year as the Membership Chairman. I have enjoyed participating in team play for nine years and having the honor of representing our club in three SCGA finals. It has been a pleasure serving the club and I look forward to continuing to do my part to ensure we maintain a positive atmosphere of camaraderie and a passion for competition.
I am asking for your vote for another term.
Ed Sayer
RANDY GOTTLIEB
To all Brookside Men’s Club Members:
I am asking all Brookside members for their voting support in my re-election bid to serve as a Board Member of the Brookside Men’s Golf Club.
I have been a member of the BMGC for the past 23 years and an active Board Member for the past six (6) years. Currently I am the Team Play Coordinator and Greens Committee representative. In previous years, I have held the position of President and Handicap Chairman. I have also served our members by assisting the Tournament Committee with scoring for our monthly club tournaments, assisted with the Pasadena City Amateur Championship and helped grow our membership by recruiting and recommending new potential members to our club. I participate in almost every monthly tournament and am willing to lend a hand whenever needed. Further, I have also been an active supporter of all the BMGC Team Play squads and have been the Captain of the Thursday and Saturday Cardinal teams. Both squads have a tradition of performing well and representing Brookside proudly within the Southern California Golf Association.
Many of you know that I am a family man, married for over 33 years, with two grown children. My eldest son Benjamin is also a member of Brookside and is an active participant within our club. I have maintained my own business for the past 28 years wherein I have managed several employees, protected client interests and promoted my practice for continued growth. In addition, I have served as a director on the board of several non-profit organizations.
If elected to the board, I will continue to focus on the needs and concerns of ALL members within the club and would pursue continued growth of the membership. In addition, it would be my responsibility and duty to make the overall experience of being a member of the BMGC a better one, by taking on the challenges our club is facing and working with our fellow board members to resolve them. As a Board member, it is imperative that we maintain the great tradition that is the standard of the Brookside Men’s Golf Club and the incredible facility at Brookside.
Thank you for your consideration and continued support,
Randy Gottlieb
ROB MOORE Pasaden City ChairmanBMGC Tournament Chairma I have served on the board since 1982, with a continuous effort to make Brookside Men’s Golf Club, and the golf course, a great place to belong and play. I’ve seen many changes to the course and the demographics of the club over this time and I feel we can do better. If elected, I will strive to make the tournaments better, the club even better. Thank You
Rob Moore
VOTE HERE FOR UP TO 4 CANDIDATES Vote for up to 4 c
Art Longoria ____
Ed Sayer ____
Randy Gottlieb ____
Rob Moore ____
Write In Candidate: __________
Reply to:
2017 BMGC Election Committee
Scott Anderson, Chairman
sctkrstjkkc@hotmail.com
BMGC MEMBERS NAME:_____________________
GHIN# _____________________, ...
Mun collect data from approximately 30,000 patients taking edoxaban during a follow-up period of up to four years - LIXIANA(R) is an oral, once-daily, factor Xa-inhibitor, that is licensed in Europe for stroke prevention in NVAF and for the treatment and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE
Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH (hereafter, Daiichi Sankyo) announced that the first patient has been enrolled in ETNA-AF-Europe (Edoxaban Treatment in routiNe clinical prActice - Atrial Fibrillation - Europe), as well as the commencement of ETNA-VTE-Europe (Edoxaban Treatment in routiNe clinical prActice - Venous ThromboEmbolism - Europe).
The European ETNA registries are part of the global ETNA initiative which is comprised of regional patient registries designed to reflect regional needs and local clinical practice. The objective of ETNA is to collect a robust set of information on how once-daily LIXIANA(R) (edoxaban) is being used in real world settings. This will include safety and efficacy parameters as well as other important data that can help to guide best use of once-daily LIXIANA(R). In Europe, ETNA will be conducted across 12 countries and will collect data from up to 15,700 patients.
"ETNA will provide important information on how this new once-daily oral anticoagulant is being used in patients in real world settings," said Dr. Juan-Carlos Jaramillo, Head of Market Access and Medical Affairs at Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH. "Daiichi Sankyo is investing in the late phase programme for edoxaban to answer customer's question on the use of LIXIANA(R) (edoxaban), and ETNA is an exciting opportunity to provide further information enabling healthcare systems to make best use of this important medicine."
In Europe, the two non-interventional ETNA registries are being conducted in patients who are already receiving once-daily LIXIANA(R) (EC) granted Marketing Authorisation for LIXIANA (R), an oral, once-daily selective factor Xa-inhibitor, for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in adult patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) with one or more risk factors, such as congestive heart failure, hypertension, age greater than or equal to 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA), as well as for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults.
In the ENGAGE AF-TIMI 48 study, once-daily LIXIANA(R) showed comparable efficacy (stroke or SEs) in comparison to warfarin (1.18% vs. 1.50% per year, LIXIANA(R) 60 mg vs. warfarin respectively; hazard ratio [HR], 0.79; 97.5% confidence interval [CI], 0.63 to 0.99, p<0.001) and superior safety and significantly reduced major bleeding (2.75% vs. 3.43% per year, LIXIANA(R) 60 mg vs. warfarin respectively; HR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.71 to 0.91, p<0.001), in a broad range of patients with NVAF.[1]
The Hokusai-VTE study demonstrated that once-daily LIXIANA(R) effectively reduces symptomatic recurrent VTE, including DVT and fatal and non-fatal PE risk across a broad range of patients (3.2% vs. 3.5% of patients, LIXIANA(R) 60 mg vs. warfarin respectively; HR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.70 to 1.13, p<0.001). Once-daily LIXIANA(R) also showed a significant 19% risk reduction of clinically relevant bleeding in patients with VTE compared to warfarin (8.5% vs. 10.3% of patients, respectively; HR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.71 to 0.94, p=0.004).[2]
About ETNA-AF-Europe
ETNA-AF-Europe is a non-interventional post-authorization safety study (PASS). It will enroll 13,100 patients from 1,450 sites across 12 countries in Western Europe. The study will follow patients taking once-daily LIXIANA(R) for NVAF for up to four years. The primary objective of ETNA-AF-Europe is to collect real world safety data on bleeding events including intracranial hemorrhage, drug related adverse events such as liver adverse events, cardiovascular (CV) and all-cause mortality in NVAF patients treated with once-daily LIXIANA(R). Furthermore, subgroup analyses will be performed in predefined patient populations, such as patients with renal or hepatic impairment.
Secondary objectives include assessing the effect of once-daily LIXIANA(R) on patient relevant outcomes such as stroke, systemic embolic events, major CV events and hospitalizations related to CV condition. ETNA-AF-Europe will also collect real world data on a range of additional measures including Resource Utilization and Patient Reported Outcomes (PRO) data as well as useful elements such as the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA).
About ETNA-VTE-Europe
ETNA-VTE-Europe is a registry which will examine real world use of once-daily LIXIANA (R) in patients with acute VTE i.e. DVT and PE. The primary objective is the overall symptomatic VTE recurrence rate during an overall observational period of 18 months in unselected patients with acute VTE. The co-primary objective of this study is to collect real world safety data on bleeding events, other relevant drug related adverse events, and mortality (VTE-related and all-cause). Furthermore, safety analyses in pre-specified subpopulations such as patients with renal impairment and patients with hepatic impairment will be performed.
Secondary objectives include assessing the effect of once-daily LIXIANA(R) on patient relevant outcomes such as major CV events and hospitalizations related to CV condition.
ETNA-VTE-Europe will also collect real world data on a range of additional measures including Resource Utilization and PRO data as well as useful elements such as post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS).
About LIXIANA(R) (edoxaban)
Once-daily LIXIANA(R) was developed solely by Daiichi Sankyo. It received EU approval in June 2015 for the prevention of stroke and SE in adult patients with NVAF with one or more risk factors, such as congestive heart failure, hypertension, age greater than or equal to 75 years, diabetes mellitus, prior stroke or TIA as well as for the treatment of DVT and PE, and prevention of recurrent DVT and PE in adults. It has launched in the United Kingdom and Germany with further European launches planned for 2015.
LIXIANA(R) was launched in Switzerland in May 2015.[3] In addition, edoxaban is currently marketed in Japan and the United States.[4],[5],[6] In other countries, regulatory review is ongoing.
About AF and VTE
AF, a heart rhythm disorder in which the heartbeat is rapid and irregular, affects over six million Europeans.[7] People with AF are at a five-fold increased risk of stroke compared to the general population,[7] with an estimated financial burden of over EUR38 billion a year.[8] VTE, a condition where a blood clot forms in a vein, also represents a major cause of morbidity and mortality, resulting in over 500,000 deaths in the EU each year.[9]) Giugliano R, et al. Edoxaban versus warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation. N Engl J Med. 2013;369(22):2093-104. 2) Büller H, et al. Edoxaban versus warfarin for the treatment of symptomatic venous thromboembolism. N Engl J Med. 2013;369(15):1406-15. 3) Daiichi Sankyo press release - Daiichi Sankyo's Once-Daily Lixiana(R) : August 2015]. 4) Daiichi Sankyo press release - Daiichi Sankyo Receives Approval for Additional Indications of LIXIANA(R) (edoxaban) in Japan. 26 September 2014. Available at: . [Last accessed: August 2015]. 5) Daiichi Sankyo press release - Daiichi Sankyo launches LIXIANA(R) (edoxaban), a direct oral factor Xa inhibitor, in Japan for the prevention of venous thromboembolism after major orthopaedic surgery. 19 July 2011. Available at: . [Last accessed: August 2015]. 6) Daiichi Sankyo press release - U.S. FDA Approves Daiichi Sankyo's Once-Daily SAVAYSA (TM) (edoxaban) Tablets for Reduction of Stroke Risk in Non-Valvular Atrial Fibrillation and for the Treatment of Venous Thromboembolism - 8 January 2015. Available at: [Last accessed: August 2015]. 7) Camm A, et al. Guidelines for the management of atrial fibrillation: the Task Force for the Management of Atrial Fibrillation of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC). Eur Heart J. 2010;31(19):2369-429. 8) Allender S, Scarborough P, Peto V, et al. European Cardiovascular Disease Statistics 2012 Edition. 9) Cohen AT, et al. Venous thromboembolism (VTE) in Europe. The number of VTE events and associated morbidity and mortality. Thromb Haemost. 2007;756-764: doi:10.1160/TH07.
Contact Lydia Worms (Europe) Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH Edoxaban Comm. & Product PR Europe +49(89)7808751 Yasuki Minobe (Global) Daiichi Sankyo Group Corporate Communications Department +81(3)62251126It seems like a no-brainer. Colin Firth + Royal family secrets + cute children + soppy soundtrack = box office smasher. Only in the obvious cos-it’ll-make-gran-cry kind of way. And probably do that annoying British film thing that Eddie Izzard talks about where it’s just a load of people walking into rooms and staring out of windows and then saying they have to go. As he says, “you can’t eat popcorn to that.” Still, I suppose that’s better than the American version where the King would probably throw a grenade at someone, get kicked in the face and fuck someone’s wife. Instead, we are presented with a very British film, detailing George VI’s crippling speech impediment and how it affects him throughout his father’s death, his brother’s abdication, his eventual coronation and the lead-up to the Second World War.
I suppose the truth is there is a lot of staring and “things unsaid” in this film. And the soundtrack is unbelievably soppy. And some of the dialogue – particularly in Westminster Abbey when Logue gets the King so angry he ends up bellowing “I HAVE A VOICE!” – is just a little bit sick-in-my-mouth cheesy. But these small, somewhat cynical things aside, this is surely one of the finest, most delicate films I’ve seen in the past few years.
It’s the kind of film that draws you in and makes you tingle a bit all the way through because you know you are viewing something rather special, with performances that are so all-encompassing that I did utterly forget where I was for long periods of time. Colin Firth is sublime as Bertie: obviously a lot of people will be going to this film purely because it’s his face on the poster, and yet it didn’t for one moment feel like the film was about Colin Firth doing a film – he was every bit the reluctant King and parts of his dialogue were incredibly moving. Helena Bonham Carter as Queen Elizabeth was prickly but still sympathetic, but the surprising star of the picture was Geoffrey Rush as the inspirational Lionel Logue: his warmth was infectious, and he controls his character was the utmost precision, getting it spot on every time.
The film is also unexpectedly funny, and not at the expense of the poignant story being told. The writing is in places deliciously ticklish in a pleasingly understated way (helped no end by the leading cast members’ performances, of course); it doesn’t make you explode into fits, but even better than that is the warm, soft laughter that bubbles up gently from your middle and lingers for long moments. For the more immature among us, the King’s technique of swearing in between words in order to get his speech moving is some of the least subtle but most amusing comedy in the film – as my housemate said “there wasn’t a fuck, shit or bugger I didn’t enjoy.”
In fact, every moment of this film is enjoyable, with not a second wasted. As clever in it’s use of silence as it is in it’s dialogue, there is a fantastic balance between humour, tenderness, frustration and tension. I felt like I held my breath throughout the entirety of the King’s final speech, and I hope the next speech we hear Colin Firth recite is one of acceptance at this year’s Oscars.
Pingback: Tweets that mention 40. REVIEW: The King’s Speech « Cake, Prattle & Soul -- Topsy.comAfghan Commandos from 2nd Company, 7th Special Operations Kandak clear a room during close quarters combat training in Washer district, Helmand province, Afghanistan, March 14, 2013. The commandos, along with their coalition force mentors review these techniques to increase combat effectiveness.
Special Forces Gallery Afghan Commandos from 2nd Company 7th Special Operations TrainingYou are here
Industry Knowledge
Pharmaceuticals
Many of the miracles of modern science have been developed right in your laboratories, extending both the length and quality of lives around the world. But extreme market pressures — from the loss of patent protection and the rise of generic and counterfeit products to the downward pricing pressures exerted by governments and evolving healthcare systems — challenge you and your industry.
A&M’s first-class professionals have the proven strategies to remedy these issues.Garett Laugavitz
Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, US
Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, US
Startup Experience
First time founder
About Garett
I'm looking for someone that wants to build something that'll make a difference in people's lives. I'm absolutely on fire for this startup I'm founding and am actively looking for a technical co-founder who believes in its mission.
Despite being less than a couple months into this, I'm having the time of my life and I think you will too. Basically, I'm on a mission to connect homeowners to kids to do yard work and to connect neighbors to share plant cuttings/divisions - I call it "yardsourcing."
What I need is a full stack developer open to the possibility of a Summer/Fall in beautiful Wisconsin. A strong command over Python would be likely be an important factor in teaming up, however, I'm open to hearing out other approaches to building the platform.I had a talk with my husband today about how discouraged I’ve been with book sales. It’s not really all about the money for me of course, but if it were, I would have thrown in the towel long ago! The ebook industry is flooded with hundreds of thousands to choose from, some of which are free. Free is a good thing…no…it’s a GREAT thing, and I would be the first to hop on the freebie train if I had more time to read. Reading is an escape and a learning tool so I should get back to that soon. *Sighs*
I’m the new girl in this game and I’ve scratched and clawed my way here. I refuse to give in to the self-doubting evil voice that lives inside my head. The competition is SO fierce—there are so many amazing books out in cyber space that my books are swimming around somewhere near the bottom of the book-list pool. I do have an amazing publisher that does so much to help promote our books, I am forever grateful for that, but the struggle to keep the momentum moving uphill is a constant task for most of us. I am indeed up for it, so please forgive me if my incessant book promos get on your nerves…but my work must remain relevant…my stories are worth this…I shall power on.
One more thing. Can I give my super fans a high-five? I have the best support system and you know who you are. And if you don’t, it’s my best friends, my family, and those who took the time to read or review my books. I appreciate each and every one of you more than you’ll ever know….each piece of me that I can share with someone else validates why I write. Now I must step away from the computer to be a mom—my favorite part of me.Many. In fact, the oldest known chess pieces have been found in excavations of ancient Persian territories.
* “elephant”. In the Indian lingo however, the piece is more popularly known as oont = “camel”.
* Queen. Persian farzin = “vizier” became Arabic firzan, which entered western European languages as forms such as alfferza, fers, etc but was later replaced by “queen”. Incidentally, the Indian equivalent of “queen”, rani is used for the piece by Indians.
Source: ()U professor of statistics Lynne Nielsen is a leader in her field
You may have noticed the diversity among the women I’ve spotlighted in this column. I intentionally look for women with differing backgrounds, careers and interests. This week I’m honored to spotlight Lynne Nielsen, a BYU Associate Statistics Professor and Ph.D.Article Text
Abstract
Background A guide of good clinical practice regarding de novo arthritis in adults has been edited.
Objectives The aim of this work is to identify whether the diagnostic and therapeutic tools proposed by general practitioners (GPs) to adults with a de novo arthritis is in line with the corresponding recommendations.
Methods A questionnaire regarding the characteristics and the handling of de novo arthritis in adults has been submitted to 300 GPs chosen randomly from a French cohort database. The study period was from February 2015 to February 2016. Fifty seven GPs participated in the study (19%).
Results No particular specificity was identified in the GP group. The age of patients ranged between 40 and 75 yo. The prevalence of arthritis was less than 5% among the GPs patients. The relative number of each category of arthritis was rheumatoid arthritis (29%), spondyloarthritis (14%), PPR (8%), other kinds of microcrystalline arthritis: chondrocalcinosis, (38.4%), gout (11,6%).
Joints with mechanic degenerative effusion related to osteo-arthritis might be misdiagnosed as an inflammatory arthritis.
The knee was the most frequently involved joint in arthritis. The initial paraclinical survey was related to biology. Most of the patients were treated with NSAI as an initial intent. A corticoids-based therapy was proposed to 1.4% of the patients and the corresponding specialist was a rheumatologist (98%).
Conclusions The de novo arthritis prevalence for GPs is less than 5% with the knee being the most affected joint. Most frequently, GP are faced with gout, rheumatoid arthritis and spondyloarthritis. The handling is in line with the corresponding guide of good.Forensic Toxicology: Medico-Legal Case Studies
- ISBN 13:
9781439866818
- ISBN 10:
14398668.95 Save
Usually Ships in 3-5 Business Days
Summary
This book illustrates how analytical methods are set up, results are generated, and quality control is maintained in clinical toxicology laboratories. Geared to the practicing toxicologist who must be able to give a deposition and write a report for legal use, the book describes fifty case studies to show the progression of toxicology findings from the laboratory to the courtroom. Both civil and criminal cases are addressed, and interesting issues are explored, such as whether consumption of poppy seeds can result in a positive lab test for opiates.Attend our Gala Dinner
New Haven’s 2017 fundraising Gala, A Night in Portugal, will be held on Friday, November 3rd and we hope you are able to join us! The Gala is our annual event to celebrate the incredible achievements of our students and their families, to raise awareness of autism in our community, and to highlight the life changing services we offer at New Haven. Your generous support adds immeasurably to the success of our event and means so much to the students, families and staff at the Centre. The evening will include dinner, entertainment, speakers, live & silent auctions and special recognition of our corporate sponsors (sponsorship opportunities available from $5,000 to $25,000).
We need your help to continue to maximize the potential of individuals with autism. We look forward to seeing you there.
Register today to take advantage of special ticket pricing!
- Extra Early Bird: $175 until June 15, 2017
- Early Bird: $200 until September 30, 2017
- $225 after September 30, 2017
A Night in Portugal
New Haven’s 2017 Fundraising Gala
Friday, November 3, 2017
Doors open at 6:00pm
Paramount Conference & Event Venue
222 Rowntree Dairy Road
Woodbridge, ON L4L 9T2Mouthguard
A custom built mouthguard is the best and most valuable investment for an active child. Many and many parents visit hospitals emergency departments seeking for help after accidents involving their kids teeth. And it can be very costly to the child’s future dentition. If your child plays sports or is often riding a scooter, bikes, skateboards, motorbikes…they should be wearing a mouthguard. Make the fun a safer fun.200 Old Palisade Road
Listing ID: 1748012
Price: $485,000
Est. Monthly Payment: $2,603.58 See Details
Status: ACTIVE
Address: 200 Old Palisade Road
City: Fort Lee
State: New Jersey
Bedrooms: 1
Total Baths: 2
Full Baths: 2
County: BERGEN
Fort Lee
NJ
07024
All re-designed and gut renovated modern, contemporary unit with balcony,high floor with sweeping unobstructed panoramic views of New York City, Hudson River and GWB in the most sought - after Luxury Hi-Rise. Open lay out, spacious and bright with hardwood maple and natural travertine stone floors; euro designed kitchen with cherry wood cabinets and granite counters, top of line VIKING stainless steel appliances, Italian tiles bathrooms, master bath with oversized bathtub and custom shower, custom closets, cabinetry and built-ins through out, new ceilings, recessed lighting and more. LOW TAXES AND MAINTENANCE!! 24hr concierge, outdoor pool with BBQ area, health club. NYC Transport around the corner, walking distance to brand new shopping mall with hi-end stores and movie theater. Owner is motivated!!! Bring offers!
{"zipcode": "07024", "price": "485000"}
Down Payment
Credit Score
Points
Loan Amount
Loan Type
Interior Features
Appliances Included: Dishwasher,Ov/Rg/Gas,Refrigerator
Basement: None
Fireplace: None
Heating/Cooling: Gas,Heat Pump
Laundry: Floor
External Features
Garage: 1 Car
Style: Condo
SubStyle: Highrise
Views/Exposure: East,North,NY View,River View
Waterfront: None
Location Information
Area: 0219
Area Name: Fort Lee
Building Complex: River Ridge
County Number: 2
Locale: 200
Financial Details
Floodplain: None
Maintenace Charge: 706.00
Ownership: Private
Tax: 7596
Additional
Building Amenities: 24hr Sec,Doorman,Elevator,Exercise Rm,Health Clb,On Site Mgn,Pool Outdoor,Sauna,Super 24hrs
EA: R
Lifestyle: Close/Parks,Close/School,Close/Shopg,Close/Trans,Close/Wrshp
Miscellaneous: Elevator,Hdwd As In,Pool,Security,Terrace
Pets: None
Unit Number: 23J
Zoning Info
Listing courtesy of Greenkat Realty LL012
Please enter your preferences in the form. We will contact you in order to schedule an appointment to view this property. For more immediate assistance, please call Hoboken City Real Estate at 201-792-4900.
Data services provided by IDX Broker
Chapter 7: Out of court disposals
Penalty..The last time Albert De Valk visited Helderline.nl was more than 7 years ago.
Send an e-mail to Albert De Valk, fill out all the fields below.
Please do not enter e-mail adresses or links to websites - your e-mail will not be send.
Albert De Valk sailed on the following 1 Shell tanker(s).
There are 13 collegues who sailed on the same Shell tankers as Albert De Valk between 1958 and 1959.Pellegrini had faith in City
Manuel Pellegrini never doubted his Manchester City side would see off Hull, despite throwing away a two-goal lead in the first half.
The Barclays Premier League champions were 2-0 in front inside 11 minutes as Edin Dzeko followed Sergio Aguero's opener with a wonderful strike from the edge of the area.
At that stage victory seemed a formality but £32million defender Eliaquim Mangala gave the Tigers a route back, putting a bullet header into his own net then conceding a penalty which Abel Hernandez stroked home.
Hull gave their more illustrious visitors more than one scare with the scores tied but Dzeko's second and a fourth in three games from substitute Frank Lampard sealed a 4-2 win for the visitors.
And Pellegrini revealed he was always confident of getting the right result.
"I really was very calm because I don't think it was the real (rightful) score in the first half," he said.
"You must have personality and character when that happens to try and return to normal.
"I felt during half-time the players were clear about what happened, it was not that we were playing badly.
"The way we started (I felt) we were going to win the game in the second half and we did. I was very happy about that."
Pellegrini also played down his decision to hand Willy Cabellero a Premier League debut in place of England number one Joe Hart.
Caballero was brought to City as a credible challenger for the gloves and retained his place following his appearance in the 7-0 Capital One Cup win over Sheffield Wednesday.
"I think for Willy it was good to play not just one game but to play two in a row," he said.
"Joe played eight games in 32 days, a lot of games for a goalkeeper. I have a squad of 22, 23 players and I make rotations because I think it is better for the team.
"In this case I think it was good for Willy."
Pellegrini had a word of consolation for Mangala, who endured a bumpy ride following an outstanding debut against Chelsea last weekend.
"I think you cannot analyse a player on one match," he said.
"Not the last game when he played wonderfully and everyone said he was the best defender in the world and not today because he was very unlucky with the own-goal and the penalty."
Hull boss Steve Bruce was buoyed by his players' response to Manchester City's blistering start but admitted they had ultimately been beaten by the better side.
"We had an awful 10-15 minutes at the start and it shows character that they rolled their sleeves up and got back into it," said Bruce.
"For a good hour after that it could have gone either way. We weren't quite good enough but we gave it a right good go and against a quality team like them that's all you can ask for.
"City are a class act. They want to go and beat you, they want to go and give every team a hammering and they've got the players to go that.
"Aguero, Dezeko and David Silva, in particular, are wonderful footballers and they'll give every team problems."In our last post, we decided on a functional form for our metric. And while I didn’t write it out in full mathematical formalism, the pieces were all there. In short, we start with a damage histogram $H(x)$ computed by taking the moving average of our damage (and healing) taken timeline. $H(x)$ looks like this:
From that histogram we can calculate the unnormalized Theck-Meloree Index or TMI as follows:
$\displaystyle \Large {\rm TMI} = \int_{-\infty}^\infty H(x)e^{10\ln(h)(x-1)} $
where $H(x)$ is the continuous damage intake histogram and $h$ is the health decade factor, or HDF. That equation assumes you have a continuous histogram, which generally isn’t going to be the case. Normally we’ll have a data set like the one in the figure, where the data is divided into individual bins. Each bin is centered at a value $x_i$ (for the $i^{\rm th}$ bin) at which the histogram has a value $H_i$. As a result, we can write the discrete form of the TMI as:
$\displaystyle\Large {\rm TMI} = \sum_{i=1}^M H_i e^{10\ln(h)(x_i-1)}$
Where $M$ is the total number of bins we’re considering. As of this point, I have left out normalization conditions. We won’t tackle that topic today, so for those of you who care about such things, just assume for the moment that there is a specified normalization condition on $H(x)$. When we do tackle normalization, that’s likely the way we’re going to approach it anyway.
I also want to be very clear that this is our “working definition” for the metric. As in, it’s not the final version. We still want to fool around with it some, normalize it, and so on. And in fact, in the next post I’ll show that we can significantly simplify the process. But for now, this is the clearest way of saying “here’s the definition we’re thinking about” while we test it to see if we’re happy with the definition.
We decided last time that we were likely to focus on an HDF of around 3. That determination was based on a few factors, but mostly based on the relative stat weights it produced for a Control/Haste gear set. However, we want to make sure that this metric works well for a variety of different gear configurations, so we need to check them. In this post, we’ll look at a variety of gear sets and see whether the TMI metric matches our qualitative observations.
I’m including all of the gear sets we’ve used in the past in this post. We’ll be looking at a couple in detail first to see how stat weights vary from gear set to gear set. Then we’ll look at the raw TMI score for all of the gear sets together. Below is the exhaustive list of all the gear sets we’ll consider in this post. Note that I’ve transposed the usual table format because we’re considering so many different gear sets, and this arrangement is just easier to read in blog format.
| |
In no particular order, let’s consider a few of these gear sets. Fair warning: the rest of this post is very number-crunchy and not very visually aesthetic. If numbers aren’t really your thing, I’ve provided a pretty good summary of what’s going on in the tables, but it’s still probably going to bore you to death. You may want to skip to the conclusions in that case.
Control/Balance
This gear set was a compromise originally, and an attempt to model a character that’s using a mix of different gear rather than strictly following a particular philosophy. But we’ve only ever compared this to other gear sets; we’ve never really looked at stat weights in this configuration. This time, we’ll do that by adding 1000 stamina, haste, mastery, dodge, or parry, or subtracting 1000 hit or expertise. Here’s th data we get if we do that:
Finisher = SH1, Boss Attack = 350k, SoI model=nooverheal data set metric-10000-0 | Set: | C/Bal | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | mean | 0.275 | 0.275 | 0.282 | 0.281 | 0.267 | 0.268 | 0.268 | 0.269 | | std | 0.113 | 0.113 | 0.116 | 0.116 | 0.111 | 0.113 | 0.114 | 0.113 | | S% | 0.452 | 0.452 | 0.440 | 0.445 | 0.462 | 0.453 | 0.453 | 0.453 | | HP | 755k | 775k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | | nHP | 2.158 | 2.215 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | | ---- | ------ | --- 4 | Attack | Moving | Avg.-- | ------ | ------ | ------ | | 50% | 51.610 | 49.807 | 53.683 | 53.190 | 49.052 | 49.120 | 49.260 | 49.574 | | 60% | 36.136 | 32.477 | 38.333 | 37.721 | 33.432 | 34.597 | 33.936 | 34.209 | | 70% | 21.892 | 16.894 | 24.227 | 23.770 | 19.467 | 18.576 | 20.289 | 20.507 | | 80% | 9.240 | 8.283 | 11.012 | 10.594 | 7.714 | 8.272 | 8.391 | 8.527 | | 90% | 4.066 | 3.338 | 5.147 | 4.842 | 3.160 | 3.583 | 3.572 | 3.669 | | 100% | 1.440 | 0.907 | 2.033 | 1.871 | 1.068 | 1.303 | 1.257 | 1.295 | | 110% | 0.414 | 0.356 | 0.645 | 0.584 | 0.288 | 0.371 | 0.353 | 0.366 | | 120% | 0.169 | 0.112 | 0.274 | 0.251 | 0.112 | 0.160 | 0.144 | 0.147 | | 130% | 0.030 | 0.016 | 0.065 | 0.056 | 0.015 | 0.033 | 0.024 | 0.022 | | 140% | 0.004 | 0.002 | 0.010 | 0.007 | 0.001 | 0.004 | 0.002 | 0.002 |
This is actually sort of curious. Most of the old standbys seem to hold true – stamina and haste are both strong, though in this case haste is actually neck and neck with stamina. Hit and expertise are still the strongest. But dodge and parry are actually slightly beating out mastery here. This is probably because of the interactions I talked about long ago, in beta – haste and mastery make each other better, while dodge and parry make mastery worse. Here we have the perfect storm: relatively low haste and high dodge/parry, both of which keep mastery weak. Another way to look at it is this: in the low-haste regime, the peak events are going to be strings of attacks that occur without much SotR coverage. Mastery may help soften one of those attacks, at best, but does nothing for the heavy-hitters. Avoidance helps break up those strings a little more effectively because it can eliminate one of the unmitigated hits.
In any event, for this data set we would probably argue that hit>exp>haste>stamina>dodge>parry>mastery for the purposes of smoothing. So our metric ought to give the same results. Let’s see if it does.
First, let’s fix $h$ at 3 and see how the result varies with the percentage of attacks we consider. Just like last time, we’ll cherry-pick the top 1% to 10% of the histogram and calculate the metric that way, and then finish the table with the 100% (all-inclusive) calculation.
hdf=3.00, N=200, vary pct | pct | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 0.010 | 9250 | 18218 | 12760 | 8793 | 1840 | 4128 | 3425 | | 0.020 | 10715 | 19426 | 13648 | 9816 | 2616 | 4605 | 3852 | | 0.030 | 11742 | 19714 | 13846 | 10277 | 3107 | 4943 | 4069 | | 0.040 | 10994 | 19872 | 13964 | 10395 | 2612 | 5004 | 4134 | | 0.050 | 12034 | 20191 | 14239 | 10683 | 3977 | 5110 | 4233 | | 0.060 | 12151 | 20226 | 14244 | 10736 | 3398 | 5146 | 4264 | | 0.070 | 11668 | 20353 | 14364 | 10834 | 2851 | 5197 | 4306 | | 0.080 | 11860 | 20359 | 14365 | 10865 | 3062 | 5266 | 4373 | | 0.090 | 11529 | 20446 | 14439 | 10916 | 3124 | 5287 | 4385 | | 0.100 | 11928 | 20469 | 14466 | 10963 | 3433 | 5319 | 4416 | | 1.000 | 12135 | 20578 | 14559 | 11144 | 3517 | 5529 | 4599 |
Even with an HDF of 3, we’re getting edge effects in the mastery column. The reason mastery always seems to be suffering more than the other stats is due to how mastery affects the histogram. Increasing it slightly tends to shift the entire distribution to the left a little, especially at the top end. As a result, it will frequently shift a chunk of the histogram over that arbitrary percentile cutoff, making the stat weight more volatile. Of course, this effect is suppressed in the row that accounts for 100% of all events, which is one of the main reasons I think it will make for a better metric.
In any event, the general trends are all here. Hit and expertise dominate, followed by stamina and haste. Stamina uniformly leads haste in these weights, but not by much. Our qualitative assessment put them pretty close to one another, and I think that stamina is inching ahead due to its gains in the 100% and 80% categories. Also keep in mind that the data table has a very coarse binning, which obscures things somewhat. If haste’s entries tend to be near the top of a bin while stamina’s entries tend to be lower, for example, they’d look similar on the table but stamina would generate a better stat weight. That seems to be what’s happening here, and it’s one of the reasons a more finely-grained numerical metric is more reliable than our coarse-binned qualitative method.
Let’s vary the HDF and see what happens:
pct=100.00, N=200, vary hdf | hdf | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 1.5 | 6621 | 7204 | 5395 | 6343 | 4716 | 4264 | 3572 | | 1.6 | 6695 | 7592 | 5665 | 6367 | 4530 | 4114 | 3450 | | 1.7 | 6768 | 7993 | 5943 | 6405 | 4348 | 3994 | 3349 | | 1.8 | 6868 | 8435 | 6249 | 6476 | 4182 | 3910 | 3279 | | 1.9 | 7006 | 8935 | 6594 | 6588 | 4038 | 3864 | 3240 | | 2.0 | 7189 | 9503 | 6988 | 6747 | 3915 | 3855 | 3231 | | 2.1 | 7423 | 10148 | 7435 | 6952 | 3812 | 3882 | 3252 | | 2.2 | 7709 | 10876 | 7939 | 7206 | 3728 | 3941 | 3301 | | 2.3 | 8049 | 11695 | 8505 | 7510 | 3660 | 4033 | 3376 | | 2.4 | 8446 | 12612 | 9138 | 7864 | 3606 | 4155 | 3477 | | 2.5 | 8900 | 13633 | 9840 | 8270 | 3566 | 4308 | 3602 | | 2.6 | 9416 | 14766 | 10616 | 8729 | 3537 | 4490 | 3753 | | 2.7 | 9994 | 16018 | 11471 | 9244 | 3518 | 4703 | 3928 | | 2.8 | 10638 | 17398 | 12410 | 9816 | 3510 | 4947 | 4127 | | 2.9 | 11350 | 18915 | 13438 | 10448 | 3509 | 5222 | 4351 | | 3.0 | 12135 | 20578 | 14559 | 11144 | 3517 | 5529 | 4599 | | 3.1 | 12994 | 22396 | 15781 | 11905 | 3533 | 5870 | 4874 | | 3.2 | 13932 | 24382 | 17108 | 12735 | 3556 | 6246 | 5174 | | 3.3 | 14953 | 26545 | 18548 | 13637 | 3586 | 6658 | 5500 | | 3.4 | 16061 | 28897 | 20107 | 14616 | 3623 | 7108 | 5854 | | 3.5 | 17260 | 31452 | 21792 | 15674 | 3667 | 7597 | 6236 | | 3.6 | 18555 | 34221 | 23611 | 16816 | 3717 | 8128 | 6646 | | 3.7 | 19949 | 37219 | 25572 | 18047 | 3775 | 8702 | 7085 | | 3.8 | 21449 | 40460 | 27682 | 19370 | 3839 | 9321 | 7554 | | 3.9 | 23060 | 43959 | 29951 | 20790 | 3911 | 9987 | 8053 | | 4.0 | 24785 | 47731 | 32387 | 22313 | 3990 | 10703 | 8584 | | 4.1 | 26632 | 51795 | 35000 | 23942 | 4076 | 11471 | 9147 | | 4.2 | 28606 | 56166 | 37800 | 25683 | 4171 | 12293 | 9741 | | 4.3 | 30711 | 60862 | 40797 | 27542 | 4274 | 13171 | 10369 | | 4.4 | 32956 | 65904 | 44002 | 29523 | 4385 | 14109 | 11031 | | 4.5 | 35345 | 71310 | 47426 | 31633 | 4505 | 15109 | 11726 |
An HDF of 2.0 is clearly too low here, as mastery starts pulling ahead of dodge and parry, and haste catches up to expertise. 2.5 is still a little low as well, since parry is barely edging ahead of mastery. But 3.0 looks pretty solid; dodge and parry are ahead of mastery by about 1/3, and expertise pulls ahead of haste by a reasonable margin. By the time we hit 3.5 we’ve definitely gone too far the other way, though. Avoidance isn’t twice as good as mastery, nor is haste about 5x better than mastery.
I think anything between about 2.8 and 3.3 seems to give reasonable values that sync up pretty well with our qualitative conclusions. The choice within that band is somewhat arbitrary, but with any luck we’ll be able to narrow it down some more by looking at other data sets. So let’s do that.
Control/Haste+Mastery
The Control/HM set was added to explore the synergy between haste and mastery. Back before Seal of Insight and Sacred Shield were added to the model haste and mastery were fairly close in value. They also had a feedback-like effect on one another, in that each improved the other. So there was speculation that splitting itemization between the two might be beneficial. When SoI and SS were added to the simulation haste went up in value, but mastery didn’t change significantly, which put the nail in the haste+mastery coffin. Haste was just flat-out better at that point. Still, this set is a useful test bench because it has low avoidance but a sizable amount of both haste and mastery.
Here’s how the simulation data turns out when we start with C/HM as a baseline and add (or subtract in the case of hit/exp) 1000 of each stat.
Finisher = SH1, Boss Attack = 350k, SoI model=nooverheal data set metric-10000-1 | Set: | C/HM | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | mean | 0.259 | 0.259 | 0.268 | 0.265 | 0.252 | 0.253 | 0.253 | 0.253 | | std | 0.104 | 0.104 | 0.107 | 0.107 | 0.102 | 0.104 | 0.104 | 0.105 | | S% | 0.472 | 0.471 | 0.458 | 0.463 | 0.483 | 0.472 | 0.472 | 0.472 | | HP | 755k | 775k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | | nHP | 2.158 | 2.215 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | | ---- | ------ | --- 4 | Attack | Moving | Avg.-- | ------ | ------ | ------ | | 50% | 46.061 | 45.590 | 49.014 | 48.251 | 43.967 | 45.005 | 44.244 | 44.295 | | 60% | 29.677 | 26.089 | 32.732 | 31.949 | 27.267 | 27.601 | 27.981 | 28.078 | | 70% | 14.807 | 13.454 | 17.204 | 16.728 | 13.011 | 13.599 | 13.664 | 13.856 | | 80% | 6.978 | 6.225 | 8.656 | 8.181 | 5.906 | 6.644 | 6.380 | 6.496 | | 90% | 3.061 | 1.813 | 4.178 | 3.907 | 2.468 | 2.432 | 2.773 | 2.883 | | 100% | 0.830 | 0.554 | 1.319 | 1.190 | 0.627 | 0.681 | 0.734 | 0.786 | | 110% | 0.198 | 0.194 | 0.361 | 0.293 | 0.130 | 0.174 | 0.145 | 0.178 | | 120% | 0.068 | 0.040 | 0.152 | 0.110 | 0.041 | 0.065 | 0.054 | 0.056 | | 130% | 0.006 | 0.003 | 0.030 | 0.019 | 0.002 | 0.006 | 0.005 | 0.006 | | 140% | 0.001 | 0.000 | 0.006 | 0.002 | 0.001 | 0.000 | 0.001 | 0.000 |
Hit and expertise are still going to be clear winners here, with haste and stamina both coming in at a distant third. Curiously, parry and mastery seem pretty well-matched here, though mastery seems to have a slight edge. Dodge, on the other hand, is still a little ahead of mastery in this set. I think what we’re seeing here is a sort of innate diminishing returns on mastery – if you don’t have a lot, then it’s pretty strong. But as you get more of it, the benefit to SotR is less and less important because the hits it mitigates already fall in the middle of the histogram. The peaks we’re seeing at the top here are mostly affected by the block chance contribution, which is fairly weak.
In any event, the results seem pretty clear from this data:
hit>exp>(haste/stamina)>dodge>mastery>parry
Let’s see if the metric agrees.
hdf=3.00, N=200, vary pct | pct | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 0.010 | 4663 | 14455 | 7289 | 3799 | 1959 | 2239 | 1271 | | 0.020 | 4828 | 15236 | 7857 | 4365 | 1745 | 2533 | 1488 | | 0.030 | 5500 | 15445 | 8035 | 4458 | 2361 | 2570 | 1543 | | 0.040 | 4629 | 15718 | 8227 | 4619 | 2082 | 2663 | 1614 | | 0.050 | 5237 | 15818 | 8285 | 4763 | 2229 | 2745 | 1679 | | 0.060 | 4984 | 15884 | 8316 | 4784 | 2045 | 2766 | 1700 | | 0.070 | 4578 | 15900 | 8330 | 4845 | 2068 | 2808 | 1767 | | 0.080 | 4840 | 15976 | 8377 | 4910 | 2159 | 2832 | 1794 | | 0.090 | 5303 | 16036 | 8445 | 4978 | 2449 | 2889 | 1832 | | 0.100 | 5303 | 16036 | 8445 | 4978 | 2449 | 2889 | 1832 | | 1.000 | 5150 | 16122 | 8525 | 5070 | 2382 | 3002 | 1955 |
I’m not sure these “top X% of histogram” rows are going to be very useful. They just keep re-affirming that edge effects matter a lot, and we really can’t have that degree of volatility in the metric. Mastery is uniformly behind Dodge in each row, but the value fluctuates an lot more than I’m comfortable with. That’s going to introduce noise, which makes our estimates less accurate, and that’s no good. Luckily, the 100% row seems to match our expectations: hit and expertise far ahead, stamina and haste very close, dodge beating mastery, and parry bringing up the rear.
Let’s see how HDF affects that ordering.
pct=100.00, N=200, vary hdf | hdf | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 1.5 | 4336 | 7316 | 5227 | 4571 | 3162 | 3086 | 2607 | | 1.6 | 4257 | 7457 | 5260 | 4464 | 2963 | 2933 | 2404 | | 1.7 | 4178 | 7618 | 5294 | 4365 | 2783 | 2803 | 2231 | | 1.8 | 4114 | 7824 | 5349 | 4286 | 2630 | 2701 | 2090 | | 1.9 | 4073 | 8087 | 5431 | 4234 | 2505 | 2627 | 1978 | | 2.0 | 4057 | 8414 | 5544 | 4207 | 2406 | 2578 | 1893 | | 2.1 | 4065 | 8810 | 5690 | 4206 | 2330 | 2552 | 1831 | | 2.2 | 4097 | 9279 | 5868 | 4229 | 2274 | 2545 | 1788 | | 2.3 | 4152 | 9823 | 6080 | 4274 | 2238 | 2556 | 1764 | | 2.4 | 4230 | 10446 | 6325 | 4338 | 2218 | 2582 | 1755 | | 2.5 | 4330 | 11154 | 6604 | 4422 | 2213 | 2623 | 1760 | | 2.6 | 4452 | 11949 | 6917 | 4522 | 2222 | 2677 | 1777 | | 2.7 | 4594 | 12838 | 7265 | 4638 | 2244 | 2742 | 1806 | | 2.8 | 4758 | 13826 | 7648 | 4769 | 2279 | 2819 | 1845 | | 2.9 | 4943 | 14919 | 8068 | 4913 | 2325 | 2906 | 1895 | | 3.0 | 5150 | 16122 | 8525 | 5070 | 2382 | 3002 | 1955 | | 3.1 | 5378 | 17445 | 9021 | 5238 | 2450 | 3108 | 2023 | | 3.2 | 5628 | 18892 | 9556 | 5416 | 2530 | 3223 | 2100 | | 3.3 | 5901 | 20474 | 10132 | 5604 | 2620 | 3347 | 2187 | | 3.4 | 6197 | 22197 | 10751 | 5799 | 2721 | 3478 | 2281 | | 3.5 | 6517 | 24071 | 11414 | 6002 | 2833 | 3618 | 2385 | | 3.6 | 6862 | 26104 | 12123 | 6210 | 2956 | 3766 | 2496 | | 3.7 | 7232 | 28308 | 12879 | 6423 | 3090 | 3922 | 2616 | | 3.8 | 7629 | 30691 | 13684 | 6640 | 3236 | 4086 | 2745 | | 3.9 | 8054 | 33265 | 14540 | 6858 | 3394 | 4257 | 2881 | | 4.0 | 8506 | 36041 | 15449 | 7077 | 3565 | 4436 | 3027 | | 4.1 | 8989 | 39030 | 16412 | 7295 | 3748 | 4623 | 3181 | | 4.2 | 9502 | 42245 | 17433 | 7509 | 3944 | 4817 | 3343 | | 4.3 | 10047 | 45697 | 18512 | 7719 | 4154 | 5019 | 3514 | | 4.4 | 10625 | 49401 | 19652 | 7923 | 4378 | 5228 | 3694 | | 4.5 | 11238 | 53370 | 20855 | 8117 | 4616 | 5444 | 3883 |
The lower HDF values perform a little better here than they did with the last set. Even $h=2.5$ looks reasonable, though I think it undervalues dodge a little bit. 3.0 still looks fine, but by 3.3 we’re seeing a little more of a gap between stamina and haste than should probably exist. I’d probably put the upper limit on this data set at 3.2 or 3.3, which narrows our range a little bit more.
Avoidance
Finally, let’s try an avoidance set. This is the set we wouldn’t generally use because it fares poorly in smoothness tests. You can see on the table below that it permits spikes up to 160% of your health while the other sets generally cap out at around 140%. Nonetheless, it will be a good thing to check this gear set as well because it represents another extreme that the metric may have to deal with.
Finisher = SH1, Boss Attack = 350k, SoI model=nooverheal data set metric-10000-2 | Set: | Avoid | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | mean | 0.277 | 0.278 | 0.283 | 0.283 | 0.271 | 0.273 | 0.271 | 0.272 | | std | 0.138 | 0.138 | 0.141 | 0.139 | 0.136 | 0.136 | 0.137 | 0.138 | | S% | 0.366 | 0.367 | 0.355 | 0.359 | 0.374 | 0.366 | 0.367 | 0.367 | | HP | 755k | 775k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | | nHP | 2.158 | 2.215 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | | ---- | ------ | --- 4 | Attack | Moving | Avg.-- | ------ | ------ | ------ | | 50% | 51.268 | 51.107 | 52.768 | 52.609 | 49.450 | 50.602 | 49.814 | 49.760 | | 60% | 38.659 | 37.795 | 40.442 | 40.063 | 36.801 | 37.879 | 37.169 | 37.206 | | 70% | 26.734 | 24.499 | 28.408 | 28.149 | 25.071 | 25.590 | 25.468 | 25.477 | | 80% | 16.868 | 14.017 | 18.432 | 18.075 | 15.631 | 14.414 | 15.962 | 15.998 | | 90% | 8.755 | 7.228 | 9.910 | 9.537 | 7.979 | 7.960 | 8.154 | 8.225 | | 100% | 3.687 | 3.517 | 4.398 | 4.205 | 3.312 | 3.586 | 3.453 | 3.465 | | 110% | 1.665 | 1.526 | 2.110 | 1.949 | 1.470 | 1.573 | 1.558 | 1.556 | | 120% | 0.791 | 0.699 | 1.045 | 0.955 | 0.696 | 0.730 | 0.728 | 0.748 | | 130% | 0.347 | 0.259 | 0.483 | 0.452 | 0.296 | 0.330 | 0.324 | 0.316 | | 140% | 0.130 | 0.096 | 0.186 | 0.179 | 0.101 | 0.125 | 0.116 | 0.119 | | 150% | 0.025 | 0.030 | 0.041 | 0.039 | 0.020 | 0.025 | 0.020 | 0.024 | | 160% | 0.002 | 0.000 | 0.006 | 0.006 | 0.003 | 0.003 | 0.002 | 0.002 |
Stamina fares very well in the avoidance set, though it’s a little hard to tell because of the coarse binning. Emptying the top category is very strong, as are the gains in the 130% and 140% categories, though the representation in the 150% category actually goes up. Haste lags stamina slightly, followed by dodge and parry, and mastery brings up the rear once again. So unsurprisingly, we expect the usual hit>exp>stamina>haste>dodge>parry>mastery ordering. Just for completeness, let’s look at the percentile table:
hdf=3.00, N=200, vary pct | pct | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 0.010 | 43283 | 77820 | 60492 | 24904 | 5891 | 17175 | 9204 | | 0.020 | 51380 | 81516 | 63535 | 27400 | 11212 | 18623 | 10511 | | 0.030 | 47283 | 81644 | 63646 | 27787 | 8947 | 18860 | 10753 | | 0.040 | 52137 | 82979 | 64524 | 28396 | 11561 | 19467 | 11190 | | 0.050 | 52137 | 82979 | 64524 | 28396 | 11561 | 19467 | 11190 | | 0.060 | 50710 | 83411 | 64838 | 28795 | 9867 | 19706 | 11514 | | 0.070 | 49724 | 83484 | 64878 | 28779 | 9012 | 19719 | 11556 | | 0.080 | 50326 | 83484 | 64824 | 28896 | 10539 | 19831 | 11641 | | 0.090 | 51530 | 83674 | 65085 | 29072 | 10647 | 19890 | 11726 | | 0.100 | 50357 | 83695 | 65116 | 29072 | 9548 | 19884 | 11720 | | 1.000 | 50785 | 83883 | 65288 | 29371 | 10093 | 20198 | 12017 |
Nothing too surprising here. The lead stamina has is a little larger than I would have expected, but is probably due to the complete elimination of the top category. The slight loss in the 150% category doesn’t seem to have hurt it too much. Otherwise though, we get exactly the ordering we expected, and we see mastery struggling with edge effects throughout the upper regions of the table. Every one of these tables is throwing more fuel on the fire for the percentile-limited calculation; we’ll be burning it in effigy soon enough, I think.
On to the more interesting table, where we vary HDF for the all-inclusive calculation.
pct=100.00, N=200, vary hdf | hdf | Stam | Hit | Exp | Haste | Mast | Dodge | Parry | | 1.5 | 8205 | 8966 | 6782 | 5935 | 4121 | 4408 | 3988 | | 1.6 | 9072 | 10325 | 7746 | 6384 | 4330 | 4617 | 4090 | | 1.7 | 10048 | 11896 | 8883 | 6908 | 4547 | 4884 | 4229 | | 1.8 | 11178 | 13743 | 10241 | 7532 | 4785 | 5226 | 4416 | | 1.9 | 12497 | 15921 | 11865 | 8275 | 5052 | 5656 | 4658 | | 2.0 | 14041 | 18493 | 13805 | 9154 | 5349 | 6185 | 4958 | | 2.1 | 15843 | 21523 | 16111 | 10183 | 5679 | 6824 | 5320 | | 2.2 | 17940 | 25081 | 18842 | 11381 | 6042 | 7587 | 5747 | | 2.3 | 20371 | 29245 | 22061 | 12763 | 6439 | 8487 | 6242 | | 2.4 | 23178 | 34101 | 25839 | 14349 | 6870 | 9540 | 6810 | | 2.5 | 26406 | 39746 | 30256 | 16159 | 7333 | 10765 | 7455 | | 2.6 | 30107 | 46285 | 35397 | 18214 | 7828 | 12179 | 8182 | | 2.7 | 34333 | 53834 | 41359 | 20537 | 8354 | 13805 | 8996 | | 2.8 | 39145 | 62521 | 48249 | 23154 | 8908 | 15666 | 9903 | | 2.9 | 44606 | 72486 | 56183 | 26089 | 9489 | 17788 | 10907 | | 3.0 | 50785 | 83883 | 65288 | 29371 | 10093 | 20198 | 12017 | | 3.1 | 57757 | 96879 | 75705 | 33028 | 10717 | 22925 | 13237 | | 3.2 | 65601 | 111656 | 87584 | 37093 | 11357 | 26004 | 14574 | | 3.3 | 74406 | 128413 | 101091 | 41597 | 12009 | 29468 | 16035 | | 3.4 | 84262 | 147364 | 116407 | 46575 | 12666 | 33355 | 17628 | | 3.5 | 95271 | 168741 | 133725 | 52063 | 13323 | 37705 | 19359 | | 3.6 | 107538 | 192796 | 153256 | 58099 | 13973 | 42562 | 21237 | | 3.7 | 121178 | 219800 | 175227 | 64721 | 14607 | 47972 | 23268 | | 3.8 | 136313 | 250042 | 199882 | 71971 | 15216 | 53984 | 25461 | | 3.9 | 153071 | 283837 | 227485 | 79892 | 15790 | 60651 | 27824 | | 4.0 | 171591 | 321520 | 258318 | 88529 | 16318 | 68028 | 30364 | | 4.1 | 192021 | 363451 | 292684 | 97927 | 16786 | 76176 | 33091 | | 4.2 | 214517 | 410013 | 330906 | 108135 | 17181 | 85156 | 36013 | | 4.3 | 239244 | 461619 | 373333 | 119204 | 17488 | 95037 | 39139 | | 4.4 | 266378 | 518705 | 420333 | 131183 | 17688 | 105889 | 42476 | | 4.5 | 296105 | 581740 | 472301 | 144128 | 17764 | 117788 | 46036 |
This table raises our lower bound a little bit. Even 2.7 is problematic here, as mastery and parry are still neck and neck despite a strong lead by parry in the data. I’d go as far as to say that 2.9 is still off in the relative weighting of mastery and parry, though it’s passable. On the upper end, we have a nearly 2:1 lead of stamina over haste by the time we reach $h=3.3$, which seems excessive. I like the 5:3 ratio that we get around 3.0, even though I think that still inflates stamina a bit. But 3.0 seems like the best compromise on this table.
Gear sets and TMI
Now let’s shift gears and take a look at entire gear sets rather than stat weights. While stat weights are probably the most common way people will use the metric, it’s also important that it holds integrity for entire gear sets. In fact, that’s how we usually perform our qualitative analysis – pick a bunch of representative gear sets and compare the histograms.
This is necessary because of the many interactions different stats have with one another. We’ve already seen that mastery’s value depends on the rest of your stats – in some gear sets it rises ahead of avoidance, in others it trails avoidance. So it’s not unreasonable to expect that you might get different stat weights in highly-disparate gear sets. But by comparing those gear sets directly, we can tell which one does a better job of smoothing.
Just to reiterate, here are the stats of each gear set:
| |
And here’s the data set we generate with them. This table isn’t transposed because it’s unwieldy no matter which way we format it, and it’ll be easier to read if we keep things consistent with earlier tables.
Finisher = SH1, Boss Attack = 350k, SoI model=nooverheal data set smooth-10000-0 | Set: | C/Ha | C/St | C/Sg | C/Shm | C/Ma | C/Av | C/Bal | C/HM | Ha | Avoid | Av/Mas | Mas/Av | Ha/h | Ha/he | C/Str | | mean | 0.262 | 0.285 | 0.286 | 0.297 | 0.278 | 0.280 | 0.274 | 0.259 | 0.269 | 0.278 | 0.283 | 0.287 | 0.263 | 0.264 | 0.270 | | std | 0.103 | 0.106 | 0.106 | 0.109 | 0.107 | 0.123 | 0.114 | 0.105 | 0.110 | 0.138 | 0.132 | 0.124 | 0.108 | 0.108 | 0.127 | | S% | 0.522 | 0.483 | 0.482 | 0.455 | 0.410 | 0.420 | 0.452 | 0.472 | 0.499 | 0.366 | 0.362 | 0.358 | 0.519 | 0.520 | 0.419 | | HP | 755k | 876k | 816k | 816k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | 755k | | nHP | 2.158 | 2.504 | 2.331 | 2.331 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | | ---- | ------ | --- 4 | Attack | Moving | Avg.-- | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | | 50% | 46.138 | 41.369 | 48.197 | 53.342 | 53.604 | 52.688 | 51.264 | 46.218 | 48.634 | 51.389 | 53.786 | 54.764 | 46.584 | 46.965 | 47.688 | | 60% | 29.956 | 22.394 | 29.557 | 31.895 | 35.512 | 38.205 | 35.731 | 29.593 | 33.093 | 38.767 | 40.584 | 38.962 | 31.072 | 31.242 | 33.733 | | 70% | 16.220 | 10.126 | 15.830 | 17.885 | 19.880 | 24.647 | 21.671 | 14.841 | 19.265 | 26.914 | 25.468 | 25.584 | 17.745 | 17.761 | 22.163 | | 80% | 7.390 | 3.221 | 5.890 | 6.899 | 9.238 | 14.172 | 9.097 | 7.025 | 10.267 | 17.109 | 15.024 | 13.988 | 9.010 | 8.805 | 13.043 | | 90% | 2.529 | 0.773 | 1.954 | 2.387 | 3.480 | 6.556 | 3.996 | 3.120 | 4.449 | 8.868 | 8.461 | 7.155 | 3.517 | 3.430 | 6.549 | | 100% | 0.635 | 0.141 | 0.545 | 0.779 | 1.579 | 2.012 | 1.434 | 0.848 | 1.463 | 3.752 | 3.719 | 3.684 | 0.992 | 0.972 | 2.500 | | 110% | 0.104 | 0.025 | 0.101 | 0.235 | 0.506 | 0.713 | 0.398 | 0.194 | 0.483 | 1.707 | 1.654 | 1.706 | 0.257 | 0.234 | 0.882 | | 120% | 0.023 | 0.001 | 0.010 | 0.035 | 0.169 | 0.280 | 0.163 | 0.067 | 0.168 | 0.824 | 0.883 | 0.806 | 0.084 | 0.074 | 0.282 | | 130% | 0.002 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.005 | 0.029 | 0.050 | 0.029 | 0.008 | 0.043 | 0.373 | 0.418 | 0.341 | 0.017 | 0.010 | 0.066 | | 140% | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.003 | 0.005 | 0.003 | 0.000 | 0.010 | 0.131 | 0.136 | 0.111 | 0.003 | 0.001 | 0.009 | | 150% | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.002 | 0.028 | 0.024 | 0.013 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.001 | | 160% | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.003 | 0.005 | 0.002 | 0.000 | 0.000 | 0.000 |
Not too much we didn’t expect here. The Control/Stamina sets beat out Control/Haste. Control/Shm and Control/HM both sacrifice haste for mastery, and thus give slightly lower performance. Then we have Control/Balance and Control/Mastery lagging a fair bit, with Control/Avoidance and Control/Strength bringing up the rear of the control subset.
We also have a few sets that focus on Haste and forego hit/exp caps. Pure haste (Ha) is a little better than Control/Avoidance, while the hit-capped only (Ha/h) and soft-expertise capped (Ha/he) sets fall somewhere between C/HM and C/Bal.
Finally, the avoidance sets perform poorly as usual. Out of the three, we see the same trends we saw with the avoidance gear set stat weights: shifting a little value into mastery doesn’t tend to make a lot of difference (Av/Mas), but shifting to a heavy mastery focus does (Mas/Av).
So in general, we expect the following rough ordering, where near-ties are combined in parentheses:
C/St > C/Sg > C/Ha > ( C/Shm , C/HM ) > Ha/he > Ha/h > ( C/Bal , C/Ma ) > Ha > C/Av > C/Str > Mas/Av
> ( Av/Mas , Av )
Let’s see if those predictions hold up in the percentile table. What I’m showing here is raw TMI score, not a relative (i.e. differential) comparison. So the lower the number, the smoother the damage intake. I’m also showing only a few partial percents, partly for readability and partly because by now we know they’re not that useful anyway. Note that I’ve transposed this from the usual format to make it easier to read.
hdf=3.00, N=200, vary pct | pct-> | 1% | 5% | 10% | 100% | | C/Ha | 8038 | 12804 | 15018 | 18332 | | C/St | 1575 | 3581 | 4846 | 7895 | | C/Sg | 6702 | 10846 | 12398 | 16102 | | C/Shm | 12242 | 16914 | 18980 | 22631 | | C/Ma | 31660 | 36092 | 37874 | 41994 | | C/Av | 49031 | 57363 | 60248 | 63949 | | C/Bal | 28342 | 34727 | 36801 | 40468 | | C/HM | 13505 | 18234 | 19490 | 23096 | | Ha | 37936 | 44175 | 46514 | 49835 | | Avoid | 216443 | 225819 | 228283 | 231586 | | Av/Mas | 214205 | 223790 | 225309 | 229068 | | Mas/Av | 176964 | 184269 | 186410 | 190308 | | Ha/h | 19947 | 25642 | 27870 | 31126 | | Ha/he | 16537 | 22207 | 24496 | 27795 | | C/Str | 53352 | 60420 | 62517 | 66023 |
Just to reiterate: I’m going to be looking at the last column, primarily. C/St is the clear leader by a pretty big margin, just as it is on the data table. C/Sg and C/Ha come in next, fairly close to one another (but with the stamina gear set still holding a slight lead). The next two sets are C/Shm and C/HM, again clustered together. We then have another medium-sized gap before reaching Ha/he and Ha/h, and a slightly larger gap before we reach C/Bal and C/Ma.
As we round out the bottom, our predictions look pretty stable. C/Av and C/Str lag the previous sets by a large chunk, and then we have a huge jump (nearly a factor of 4) from C/Str to the closest avoidance-based set, which is Mas/Av. Bringing up the rear, Av/Mas and Avoid are in a dead heat for last place in a race that’s nearly too close to call, mimicking the qualitative assessment.
As a final consideration, let’s look at how these results vary with HDF:
pct=100.00, N=200, vary hdf | hdf-> | 2.5 | 2.6 | 2.7 | 2.8 | 2.9 | 3.0 | 3.1 | 3.2 | 3.3 | 3.4 | 3.5 | | C/Ha | 22029 | 20960 | 20086 | 19374 | 18796 | 18332 | 17965 | 17681 | 17471 | 17326 | 17239 | | C/St | 11603 | 10592 | 9745 | 9029 | 8418 | 7895 | 7442 | 7050 | 6707 | 6406 | 6142 | | C/Sg | 20089 | 18967 | 18040 | 17271 | 16632 | 16102 | 15665 | 15305 | 15013 | 14778 | 14595 | | C/Shm | 25431 | 24500 | 23787 | 23256 | 22879 | 22631 | 22497 | 22461 | 22513 | 22644 | 22845 | | C/Ma | 39112 | 39167 | 39513 | 40115 | 40948 | 41994 | 43239 | 44673 | 46287 | 48077 | 50040 | | C/Av | 55920 | 56821 | 58097 | 59722 | 61677 | 63949 | 66529 | 69415 | 72604 | 76099 | 79901 | | C/Bal | 38329 | 38228 | 38419 | 38870 | 39559 | 40468 | 41584 | 42898 | 44405 | 46101 | 47984 | | C/HM | 24980 | 24249 | 23725 | 23374 | 23171 | 23096 | 23134 | 23274 | 23506 | 23822 | 24217 | | Ha | 42774 | 43458 | 44522 | 45945 | 47717 | 49835 | 52302 | 55122 | 58308 | 61873 | 65833 | | Avoid | 138960 | 152806 | 168802 | 187126 | 207980 | 231586 | 258195 | 288075 | 321520 | 358849 | 400403 | | Av/Mas | 136285 | 150110 | 166106 | 184456 | 205366 | 229068 | 255817 | 285896 | 319612 | 357297 | 399312 | | Mas/Av | 119574 | 130257 | 142561 | 156587 | 172457 | 190308 | 210295 | 232586 | 257366 | 284835 | 315207 | | Ha/h | 30841 | 30433 | 30283 | 30362 | 30647 | 31126 | 31788 | 32627 | 33639 | 34824 | 36184 | | Ha/he | 29173 | 28501 | 28056 | 27806 | 27725 | 27795 | 28001 | 28332 | 28780 | 29339 | 30003 | | C/Str | 57433 | 58491 | 59901 | 61636 | 63681 | 66023 | 68655 | 71573 | 74778 | 78271 | 82057 |
There isn’t a lot of variation here to consider, as the relative ordering of entire gear sets seems pretty stable with HDF. The main thing that I notice is that the gap between C/Sg and C/Ha grows (in a relative sense) as $h$ increases. This isn’t a huge surprise, since stamina performs a slight “shift” of the entire histogram to the left, and will thus benefit more from a high HDF. What this tells us is that the higher our HDF, the more valuable stamina becomes. We also have to be careful that we don’t over-value stamina by overshooting our HDF.
Repeatability
Finally, there’s one more test we want to run. It’s all well and good to have one set of data, but how reliable is the result? If one simulation of 10k-minute duration varies significantly from the next, it will be hard to trust the number that the metric spits out.
To test this, we’ll take the C/Ha gear set and run it through the simulation 20 times. Then we can use the metric to analyze each trial and see how much variation we get. Again, apologies for the inconveniently-sized table, but here’s all the raw data:
Finisher = SH1, Boss Attack = 350k, SoI model=nooverheal data set metric-10000-6 | Set: | #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | #13 | #14 | #15 | #16 | #17 | #18 | #19 | #20 | | mean | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.262 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.262 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.262 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.261 | 0.262 | | std | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.104 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | 0.103 | | S% | 0.523 | 0.522 | 0.522 | 0.523 | 0.523 | 0.522 | 0.522 | 0.523 | 0.523 | 0.522 | 0.522 | 0.522 | 0.523 | 0.522 | 0.523 | 0.523 | 0.523 | 0.522 | 0.523 | 0.522 | | HP | | | nHP | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | 2.158 | | ---- | ------ | --- 4 | Attack | Moving | Avg.-- | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | | 50% | 45.745 | 46.052 | 45.868 | 46.034 | 45.850 | 46.032 | 46.098 | 45.972 | 45.910 | 46.047 | 46.304 | 45.975 | 45.798 | 45.858 | 45.905 | 46.151 | 45.889 | 46.049 | 45.925 | 46.084 | | 60% | 29.662 | 29.905 | 29.794 | 29.974 | 29.726 | 29.819 | 29.994 | 29.904 | 29.822 | 29.923 | 30.122 | 29.874 | 29.657 | 29.663 | 29.776 | 30.094 | 29.805 | 29.927 | 29.791 | 29.966 | | 70% | 15.974 | 16.225 | 16.162 | 16.226 | 16.026 | 16.180 | 16.231 | 16.312 | 16.124 | 16.177 | 16.312 | 16.058 | 15.975 | 15.999 | 16.103 | 16.291 | 16.122 | 16.190 | 16.131 | 16.288 | | 80% | 7.133 | 7.372 | 7.297 | 7.282 | 7.309 | 7.353 | 7.356 | 7.379 | 7.320 | 7.312 | 7.365 | 7.242 | 7.188 | 7.236 | 7.301 | 7.369 | 7.289 | 7.348 | 7.279 | 7.334 | | 90% | 2.455 | 2.495 | 2.502 | 2.499 | 2.493 | 2.523 | 2.552 | 2.574 | 2.512 | 2.502 | 2.530 | 2.469 | 2.460 | 2.470 | 2.472 | 2.533 | 2.482 | 2.517 | 2.490 | 2.535 | | 100% | 0.600 | 0.618 | 0.623 | 0.604 | 0.615 | 0.628 | 0.645 | 0.645 | 0.622 | 0.608 | 0.628 | 0.625 | 0.589 | 0.588 | 0.607 | 0.613 | 0.618 | 0.626 | 0.621 | 0.625 | | 110% | 0.095 | 0.096 | 0.096 | 0.101 | 0.095 | 0.102 | 0.106 | 0.103 | 0.099 | 0.097 | 0.088 | 0.100 | 0.096 | 0.096 | 0.092 | 0.112 | 0.109 | 0.101 | 0.102 | 0.103 | | 120% | 0.023 | 0.021 | 0.024 | 0.023 | 0.024 | 0.024 | 0.025 | 0.021 | 0.021 | 0.023 | 0.021 | 0.025 | 0.019 | 0.023 | 0.020 | 0.027 | 0.026 | 0.023 | 0.026 | 0.026 | | 130% | 0.001 | 0.002 | 0.001 | 0.001 | 0.001 | 0.001 | 0.001 | 0.001 | 0.000 | 0.002 | 0.001 | 0.003 | 0.002 | 0.002 | 0.001 | 0.002 | 0.001 | 0.002 | 0.003 | 0.002 |
As I suggested earlier, we’re seeing changes on the order of +/- 0.001 to 0.002 in the data, which is just simulation noise. Sometimes you get lucky and don’t see a dangerous string, sometimes you get unlucky and see several. We want to make sure that the metric isn’t too sensitive to this, but that it’s still sensitive to small changes that are meaningful (like small changes in gear set).
Let’s look at the percentile breakdown for a moment and calculate the mean, standard deviation, and standard deviation of the mean for each trial.
hdf=3.00, N=200, vary pct | trial | 1% | 5% | 10% | 100% | | #1 | 7437 | 12922 | 14369 | 17573 | | #2 | 7654 | 13282 | 14735 | 17955 | | #3 | 7668 | 13278 | 14728 | 17938 | | #4 | 7578 | 13171 | 14628 | 17852 | | #5 | 7661 | 13273 | 14710 | 17902 | | #6 | 7935 | 13584 | 15041 | 18249 | | #7 | 8116 | 13736 | 15187 | 18417 | | #8 | 7922 | 13569 | 15033 | 18251 | | #9 | 7740 | 13313 | 14759 | 17968 | | #10 | 7858 | 13447 | 14901 | 18120 | | #11 | 7553 | 13197 | 14653 | 17892 | | #12 | 8642 | 14200 | 15657 | 18867 | | #13 | 7408 | 12945 | 14380 | 17583 | | #14 | 7491 | 13068 | 14521 | 17719 | | #15 | 7370 | 12949 | 14394 | 17603 | | #16 | 8135 | 13766 | 15243 | 18471 | | #17 | 7898 | 13458 | 14932 | 18132 | | #18 | 7932 | 13549 | 15005 | 18217 | | #19 | 8152 | 13707 | 15168 | 18372 | | #20 | 8023 | 13651 | 15105 | 18335 | | mean | 7809 | 13403 | 14857 | 18071 | | std | 315.72 | 326.88 | 332.50 | 336.03 | | std_mean | 15.79 | 16.34 | 16.63 | 16.80 | | pct_var | 0.20 | 0.12 | 0.11 | 0.09 |
This looks pretty good. The standard deviation is pretty reasonable at around 2% of the mean value once we consider more than a few percent of the data. The standard deviation of the mean is a factor of 20 smaller (by definition), which puts it at about 0.1% of the mean value (this is the pct_var column).
In other words, if we do 20 runs of 10k minutes each, we expect to get a mean value that is 18071 +/- 16.8. That’s really good news. It means that we can get meaningful, reliable results out of this metric without having to simulate for ages. Keep in mind that 200k minutes of combat is still less than what Simcraft can do; a standard high-precision Simcraft run is 50k iterations of ~450 seconds of combat each, which is 375k minutes of combat.
You might ask how HDF choice affects the repeatability. Ask and ye shall receive. (Actually, you’re getting it whether you asked for it or not).
pct=100.00, N=200, vary hdf | hdf | mean | std | std_mean | pct_var | | 1.5 | 71712 | 237.18 | 11.86 | 0.02 | | 1.6 | 58274 | 227.64 | 11.38 | 0.02 | | 1.7 | 48710 | 219.53 | 10.98 | 0.02 | | 1.8 | 41699 | 213.32 | 10.67 | 0.03 | | 1.9 | 36430 | 209.14 | 10.46 | 0.03 | | 2.0 | 32388 | 206.99 | 10.35 | 0.03 | | 2.1 | 29234 | 206.90 | 10.34 | 0.04 | | 2.2 | 26736 | 208.94 | 10.45 | 0.04 | | 2.3 | 24736 | 213.26 | 10.66 | 0.04 | | 2.4 | 23119 | 220.08 | 11.00 | 0.05 | | 2.5 | 21804 | 229.70 | 11.49 | 0.05 | | 2.6 | 20730 | 242.52 | 12.13 | 0.06 | | 2.7 | 19850 | 259.00 | 12.95 | 0.07 | | 2.8 | 19130 | 279.67 | 13.98 | 0.07 | | 2.9 | 18544 | 305.13 | 15.26 | 0.08 | | 3.0 | 18071 | 336.03 | 16.80 | 0.09 | | 3.1 | 17693 | 373.07 | 18.65 | 0.11 | | 3.2 | 17399 | 417.01 | 20.85 | 0.12 | | 3.3 | 17178 | 468.69 | 23.43 | 0.14 | | 3.4 | 17021 | 528.96 | 26.45 | 0.16 | | 3.5 | 16921 | 598.80 | 29.94 | 0.18 | | 3.6 | 16874 | 679.24 | 33.96 | 0.20 | | 3.7 | 16874 | 771.38 | 38.57 | 0.23 | | 3.8 | 16918 | 876.46 | 43.82 | 0.26 | | 3.9 | 17003 | 995.77 | 49.79 | 0.29 | | 4.0 | 17126 | 1130.74 | 56.54 | 0.33 | | 4.1 | 17287 | 1282.90 | 64.14 | 0.37 | | 4.2 | 17482 | 1453.89 | 72.69 | 0.42 | | 4.3 | 17711 | 1645.50 | 82.28 | 0.46 | | 4.4 | 17973 | 1859.63 | 92.98 | 0.52 | | 4.5 | 18268 | 2098.31 | 104.92 | 0.57 |
Perhaps predictably, reducing the HDF also reduces the variation we get in the metric. I say “predictably” because the HDF is essentially representing “how much we value outliers.” We already know that we’re susceptible to noise at high HDF because it exaggerates stray high-lying spikes, and this is exactly the same principle at work. A higher HDF will cause those small statistical fluctuations at the very top of the distribution to be more important, and thus increase the variation in our mean value.
This is another reason we want to keep our HDF as low as possible while still maintaining good discrimination between different data sets. The lower the HDF, the more quickly the metric will converge and the less integration time we need to get a suitable estimate.
Conclusions
So far in this post I’ve mostly been repeating the same things over and over. That’s to be expected, because the point of this post wasn’t to discover so much as to validate the metric. The ideal case was that it performed exactly the way we wanted and mirrored our qualitative results. It more or less did that with few surprises.
The other purpose was to narrow down our value for $h$. Based on its performance in various gear sets, I would bound the “acceptable” range between $h=2.9$ and $h=3.3$. Pretty much any value in there gives us reasonable results, and the differences are fairly minor. The high end of that range tends to overvalue stamina and increases our sensitivity to noise, while the low end tends to undervalue avoidance and reduce our discrimination threshold for meaningful differences..
In fact, the reverse is more worrisome – that someone will see an HDF of 3.2, get results that suggest that haste is exactly 1.534 times better than mastery, and assume that it’s gospel. Obviously there will be some exact relationship given by the metric, because that’s how numbers work. But it really shouldn’t be interpreted as if we’re getting exact relationships, because that’s not how the index was conceptualized or defined.
Likewise, you shouldn’t look at two gear sets with TMIs of 10k and 250k and decide that the latter is 25x worse than the former, or that you’re 25x more likely to die while wearing it. That’s not what the index tells you. It tells you that one gear set is a lot worse than the other, of course, but you can’t extrapolate a likelihood to die out of it.
Going back to the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) example: if the DJIA goes down 10 points one day, it does not mean that the entire market went down uniformly by a proportional amount. Some stocks may have done well, others not. The DJIA just gives you a general sense of “how the market is doing.” You will generally be able to say that a day when the Dow goes up is better than a day when the Dow goes down, and you might even be able to make rough estimates of the magnitude from that (i.e. going up 20 points vs going down 10 points). But it’s important to keep in mind that the Dow is an arbitrary indicator. You might get different statistics if you chose a completely different 30-stock basis set, but if you only swapped one stock out it would probably be fairly similar.
In our case, we get very different results for $h=2$ than we do for $h=4.5$, but fairly similar results for anything in the $h=2.9$ to $h=3.3$ range we’re considering. So it’s up to us to make a final decision about “which stocks to pick” for our index.
I’m going to make an arbitrary decision and go with 3.0 for a few reasons. First, it keeps the value towards the low end of the range to help combat statistical noise and artificial stamina inflation. Second, we’ve already got loads of data presented here for $h=3.0$, which is convenient. I also think that by choosing an integer, we make it a little more clear that the choice is arbitrary rather than some sort of exact, precise value. Most of all, it seems to be a good compromise – I rarely saw values in the 3.0 line of an HDF table that disagreed with the intuition I got from the data.
That’s it for today. Now that we’ve finished deciding on an HDF, the next step will be to clean up the data representation with a normalization scheme. That’s what we’ll tackle in the next blog post. We’ll also show why you can’t compare TMI values generated by different bosses.
Perhaps I simply misunderstood you, but I have read in a couple of your blogs now that you add 1000 stamina or haste or… and compare the results. I was wondering why you use an equal amount of stamina, when 1000 stamina is equal to 1500 secondary stats in item budget.
I also have a concern about the use of an arbitrary metric, specifically this:
.”
I apologize beforehand if this sound patronizing. The intent is to get my concern across and is not any attack on you or your work.
My problem with this is that you choose a metric that fit with your -expected- finding of how gearing is best done. Of course most would agree that taking more bigger chunks of damage are more likely to kill you, but if you want the TMI to be general it need to be consistent for similar damage patterns regardless of tanking mechanics or specific damage. If the mitigated damage pattern of a paladin and a Death Knight is the same, then they should get the same index. Their way to reach it may be different, but the same pattern should result in the same index regardless of how it is attained. Similarly, a paladin that takes 3×50% health attacks should get the same index and consequently stat weights regardless if they are level 1 or 90 (assuming access to all relevant tanking tools). The approach decides how much a certain way of doing things are better then another, but it seems like all it does is say “this is better because that is what we think it should work”.
I believe you can’t criticize something while not providing any inputs on improvements. In my eyes, what you should focus on is not as much the total damage taken, but the pattern it arrive in. For example, it would be much easier healing a damage pattern looking like 40%-40%-40%-40% then it would be 20%-20%-40%-80% even though they deal the same total damage in the same time. Correct me if I’m wrong, but the index right now treat both those scenarios equal. Perhaps a cumulative measure of “healing needed to make the events non-lethal” would prove the most useful. That would make my first example be 0%-0%-20%-60% and 0%-0%-0%-60% respectively, and the later obviously “spike” more then the first. This would evaluate avoidance greatly as it reduces total damage taken but not spikes, but you could probably get some sort of probability distribution in there to deal with it. It should also be consistent and work for all the tanking classes in various situations.
My wish is that you find a neat system to apply to tanking, and that you can extend it to include (at least!) Death Knights soon!
“This would evaluate avoidance” -devaluate-
In earlier blog posts, I very specifically did compare, say, 1000 haste to 1500 (or 750) stamina to address the itemization issue. However, in this metric we do not want to do that because it will actually be generating stat weights. Whereas in earlier blog posts, we wanted to make a clear determination as to whether, e.g., a stam gem was better than a haste gem, here we want per-point stat weights.
The reason should be pretty clear: when you put those stat weights into wowhead, AskMrRobot, or any other tool, the tool takes care of the itemization. For example, if it’s comparing a 320 haste gem to a 240 stamina gem, it’s going to multiply 320 by your haste stat weight and compare to 240 times your stamina weight; thus the itemization is already taken into account by the tool, and as such it’s expecting per-point stat weights.
Regarding your concern: I think you are massively mis-interpreting the point of developing the metric. We already have smoothness data (see one of numerous blog posts over the last 6 months), and have interpreted it qualitatively to make determinations about how stats perform for smoothness. So yes, we’re trying to fit the metric to our expectations, but those expectations are not whimsical. They are strongly supported by a mountain of data, both from my simulations and from WoL analysis.
More to the point, I think you need to re-read the development a little more carefully. You say that the metric should focus “not as much on total damage taken, but the pattern it arrives in.” But that is, in fact, EXACTLY what the metric does.
In fact, this metric does not tell you ANYTHING about total damage taken. It is ENTIRELY determined by the “pattern” that damage arrives in, because it is based on a histogram of a short-term moving average of damage taken. So a 20%-20%-40%-80% string will be much worse than a 40%-40%-40%-40% string.
This is also why it will automatically be applicable to other tanks. If a paladin and a DK both take strings of 20%-20%-40%-80%, that string will produce exactly the same value with the metric It doesn’t care at all about the details of your class mechanics, just the observable changes in your health timeline.
“The gear sets are variants on the Control/Haste setup – the first is just C/Ha, followed by sets where I add 1000 of a given stat.”
and
“So according to this data, we would conclude that haste is better than mastery, though not by a huge amount. Dodge and parry are both worse than haste, but stamina is a little better.”
– From The Making of a Metric part 1
Perhaps I’m reading this wrong then, but from adding 1k stamina to one set and 1k haste to another you seem to draw the conclusion that stamina is better then haste.
I spent about 4 hours today reading a bunch of your different posts, so I’m not unfamiliar with them. What I’m saying is not that they don’t fit the current data, not at all, they seem to do so very well. My concern is that should -any- mechanic change you would need to completely redo every analysis. I also realise that I expressed myself slightly unclear. By “Total damage taken” I meant the total damage for the string (here of 4 combined strikes).
Correct me if I’m wrong, but what you do is add the damage of four consecutive strikes together. This number represent one of the events in your histogram.You then do this for all the strikes and from this form a probability distribution for what the damage of any four consecutive strikes would do combined. I assume this as if you took the avarage damage for each of the four strikes (what is called a four-point moving avarage at), they could never be higher then the maximum damage of any single strike, and if a single strike could reach more then 100% health at worst case then there is nothing we can do except get better gear to even have a remote chance of surviving. Going back to my assumption that you simply combine the damage for the last 4 events, you agree with me what would more likely kill us, but this does not, however, address my point. Look at this string of events:
20-20-40-80-20-20-40-80-20-20 and so on.
The damage for the first 4 events would be 160%. For the 2-5 event it would also be 160%. Obviously this keeps repeating, and you would get 100% of the strings at 160%. Now compare this with this string:
40-40-40-40-40-40-40-40-40-40 and so on.
This would obviously -also- become 160% always. Yet as you seem to have agreed with, this is much less dangerous then the first string.
Naturally, strings when we tank will not behave in set repeatable patterns and we won’t get distributions where all damage is always the same, but that is my point. A high even pattern is far less likely to kill someone then an as high but uneven pattern. Strings consisting of four events are fairly narrow but does not in my view address this enough, and since they doesn’t take into account the individual damage of each event, it could not reliably be used to compare different classes or ways to tank. It is, however, a vast improvement from just looking at DTPS. But why stop there…
I hope that I made myself clearer and that I actually understood your data correctly.
If it’s still is unclear, by the numbers of the strings I mean the damage of each -individual- strike, not the combined damage of 1-4, 2-5, 3-6 and so on. That is, the damage pattern -before- you do your 4 strike moving average, if I understand your use of this correctly.
“Perhaps I’m reading this wrong then, but from adding 1k stamina to one set and 1k haste to another you seem to draw the conclusion that stamina is better then haste.”
Again, in the context of that post, it is, because we’re comparing 1:1 for the sake of generating stat weights. One then has to apply itemization considerations to that to compare the stats on an item-by-item basis (i.e. 2:1 on gems, 1:1.5 on trinkets, etc.).
You have basically the correct interpretation of what we’re doing with the 4-attack moving average.
However, I would step back a second and argue that while the 20-20-40-80 sequence is more dangerous than a 40-40-40-40 sequence, I think you’re splitting hairs a bit overmuch.
For one thing, that flexibility is built into the metric, though it won’t be apparent until tomorrow’s blog post. If you really are dealing with bosses that can suddenly hit you for 80% of your health in one GCD, then you may want to consider using a 2-attack moving average rather than a 4-attack moving average. That will be covered in tomorrow’s post, in the section on Normalization.
More importantly, that’s generally not the way deaths happen. A large, 80% of your health attack is almost always intended to be countered with active mitigation. Spike death from one of those events is rarely helped by any stat except Stamina in the first place, so the answer to that sequence is “stop playing badly and use AM correctly.”
The more common case of tank death is a trickle-down effect caused by several attacks over a small time window. And at that point, the moving average of damage taken in that representative time window is the important metric. I’ve used 4 attacks here because generally it’s a 3- or 4-attack string that does you in, and for anything outside of 25H content it’s generally closer to 4. Bosses in 25H rarely hit for more than 300k after armor mitigation, so a tank with ~800-900k HP raid buffed should be able to easily survive about 4 hits assuming one attack is covered by a block/avoid or actively mitigated.
So I would argue that more commonly, the distribution of damage within that 6-second period isn’t as critical as the total damage in the period, except in edge cases where we’re truly considering attacks that can nearly global the tank. Whether we’re looking at 30-30-30-30 or 50-20-30-20 isn’t really that important, because both are spikes that will kill you without some sort of healer intervention or reactive measure.
Really, I think your disagreement comes down to an over-estimation of boss throughput. Boss melee attacks never reach 80% of your health; in fact, the more common case is 30%-40% from a full hit, and attacks covered by some sort of mitigation fall in the 15-25% range. In that scenario, you don’t care about 2-attack moving averages because you are definitely going to take 2 back-to-back boss melees at some point, so it becomes throughput damage. You make sure you have enough healers to handle it and just deal. Those 40-40-15-20 (or sometimes less, if you avoid one) aren’t atually that dangerous. It’s when you take sequences of 3 or 4 full attacks (40-40-40-40) that you’re in danger and your healers panic.
If we really did see bosses meleeing for 80% of your health in one swing, then
a) DKs would be royally fucked, and
b) we’d certainly have to adjust the metric because we’d suddenly care about a shorter window, maybe 3-4 seconds instead of 5-6.
But luckily, that’s the exception rather than the rule in raiding content. Since it’s an edge case, it doesn’t make sense to build the metric around it.
However, please reserve judgment until tomorrow’s blog post goes up – I think you’ll be pleased when you see that the metric definition is versatile enough to handle those edge cases (i.e. using tomorrow’s nomenclature, you might want to calculate TMI-3 instead of TMI-6 for a particular boss that can produce your 20-20-40-80 example).
Thanks for the detailed reply!
I’m not so used to how stat weights are genereted, nice to see that clearified.
As you might have been able to tell from hints in some of my posts, I come at this with the eyes of a DK. While the attack sequence was just an example, I can see what you mean by 80% swing. It was meant as a way to show things like special (none-back-to-back) abilites, as only rarely would a tank die purely from melee in my experience. There is either something else distracting healers or something more going on to the tank.
Looking forward to and eagerly await tomorrows post… I will hold back my judgement for then
Boss specials throw a wrench into the works, but not as badly as you may think. Certainly if the boss has a really hard-hitting special that you fail to actively mitigate, your relevant spike window shortens. Now you might care about Special+melee combinations.
My experience is actually the opposite – tanks *usually* die from regular melees. The reason is sort of perverse, but those big special attacks end up being not so dangerous (to a Paladin, at least) because they are usually both predictable and mitigated by SotR. That combination is very powerful, because a smart paladin can generally have a 45%+ cooldown (SotR) up for every special attack, bringing them down to the size of a regular melee or smaller.
In addition, since those spikes are predictable, your healers are also aware they’re coming, so I often get preemptive absorption shields and pre-cast heals.
What usually causes death is something I can’t control. For example, a healer dying and getting battle-ressed without another healer stepping in to cover, or a healer that’s forced to move. Anything that causes a healer to interrupt their usual healing stream and produce lower throughput. It’s when those lower-throughput periods overlap with a damage spike that I run into trouble.
You could probably categorize tank deaths into two categories:
A) “Oops” deaths – big boss special attack that wasn’t properly counted with AM
B) “Trickle-down” deaths – sequences of 3-4 melees mixed with DoT or environmental damage.
I tend to treat A as “oops” because with proper play they become mostly irrelevant (though edge cases exist – Lei Shi, Dread Thrash, etc.). Modeling B is obviously easier, and what I’ve generally focused on. But the beauty of moving to Simcraft is that we can now model both.
I think the TMI metric will end up being very relevant to both cases when applied properly, because it doesn’t make any assumptions about mechanics.
I am curious to see if different HDFs work better for representing the other tank models though. That might speak to how sensitive those models are to edge-effects themselves, and how they vary from the paladin model, right?
I’m not sure that it will matter that much, to be honest. Edge effects are certainly better with a high HDF, but I think most tanks will have those edge effects (at the very least, armor will always cause it because it acts much like mastery does for paladins, so the armor scale factor would be very sensitive at lower HDF).
In any event, if we go with the all-inclusive definition of TMI (which is what I have planned), edge effects no longer matter. And at that point, almost any HDF works, it just changes the relative value of stats. Most of this post was focused on finding an HDF that fit our expectations (i.e. didn’t tell us that stam was twice as good as haste when it clearly wasn’t in the data tables).
Friggin brilliant, and not just the usual “oh wow, thats a neat way of solving problem x”, I mean its a groundbreaking way of comparing tank survivability and making it broadly accessible.
Also, and this is trivial but conceptually nice, is I finally in a modelling way why tank damage is irrelevant. If one tank takes more damage but is less spikey that means the other tank is taking more damage in the lower weighted less dangerous situations but less damage in heigher weight situations. all damage isnt created equal and now thats quantified.
Whats needed now is to evangelize the cincept to string theorycrafters of other classes, idealy to take over simcraft modules, but at a minimum to bring them into the discussion on the methodology. while fasc, zarko and others have created master spreadsheets to compare survivability this is the first time that spike damage has been incorporated.
I think I have the metric more or less working properly in the SimC trunk already, so encouraging other theorycrafters to help improve their SimC modules will definitely be the fastest way to start making meaningful comparisons between tanks. I want to do some fine-tuning yet, but as far as I can tell it’s working reasonably well.
Just to get that clarified, are you considering Talent builds in your sims? I guess it sounds logical that stat weights for a tank using SS would be different than if he would use Selfless healer. (like warlocks using different Grimoires is a good example )
For tanks, in MoP to get a real idea, one should also take more factors into account than survivability. I usually follow the rule “If I am in practically no danger of dying anyway in a certain content (usually because of gear), there is no sense in going for more survivability. At that point, where my survivability is good enough anyway, I grant more help and support to my Raid in generating more DPS and more Healingsupport than to concentrate on even more survivability I don’t need anyway.”
You usually don’t see a tank that is full hero thunder forged with pure stam gems exactly because of this.
Whereas a tank with 505ilvl gear tanking HM Raids probably would go full stam, because he is more worried about surviving than actually rocking the DPS and HPS meters.
That is why IMHO FOR ME and MY character, haste is better than mastery and even stamina in every way (at least ‘til reaching 50% meleehaste), because it provides not only so much survivability but so much more support in DPS and Self- and Raid HPS.
This is IMHO why simc is a lot better for DPS classes, as they ONLY worry about maximizing their DPS. We tanks, especially paladins being a full hybrid have to worry about a lot more to really maximize our performance as a player.
A real representative model should consider all of those points.
“We’ll use a boss that swings for 350k after mitigation every 1.5 seconds, the standard SH1 finisher priority, back-calculated Seal of Insight with no overhealing apart from inherent, and Sacred Shield enabled.”
The simulation was ran based on those parameters. Naturally, I assume you’re able to shift these values around, ie, specify how hard this is hitting you.
Remember that Theck ain’t calculating stat weights here! He’s providing the tools for use to calculate our own stat weights, based on our current gear set, and boss opponents.
There’s just one thing I’m wondering about, and curious to see if it shows up in the next post. Would severely in/decreasing the boss damage, or severely in/decreasing our total amount of stats affect the validity of the HDF?
Also, I assume other classes would have to calculate their own optimal HDF? Or should they be fine with 3.0 as well? In the latter case, would that mean we could compare TMI between different classes?
I don’t think independent calculations of HDF are necessary, but they’re welcome to try. HDF is essentially saying “an attack that is 10% larger is $h$ times worse.” That’s mildly arbitrary, and we’ve chosen 3 because it seems to do the best job of matching our qualitative analysis. But once you’ve set that bar (no matter *where* you set it), you could apply it equally to all tanks. Presumably if an attack that’s 10% larger is $h$ times worse for tank A, it’s also $h$ times worse for tank B.
So yes, one of the long-term goals is to compare TMI between different classes, just like we could currently compare DPS or DTPS.
Schroom: SS is included, but obviously in SimC you’ll be able to tweak all of those sorts of configuration variables to your heart’s delight.
As far as your “more factors than survivability,” I think you’re misinterpreting what this metric is “for.” TMI is not supposed to be an all-inclusive “best tank EVAR” measurement, any more than DTPS or DPS would be. All three of those (and potentially even raid HPS) are factors that a good tank has to consider, and the weight each tank puts on each of those factors will be different. Which, frankly speaking, would make any sort of universal tank metric that tried to mix all of those factors pretty useless in the first place.
So, I’m not sure I really agree with your SimC assessment. It’s a tool that gives you information, and it’s up to you to interpret it. I fail to see how it isn’t very powerful to have a tool that can tell you exactly how your DPS, DTPS, and TMI change with a certain gear tweak or talent change. It’s providing all of the information you’re interested in so that you can make an educated decision based on your raid’s needs.
Also worth noting: one of the other SimC devs and I are hoping to be able to tweak some things so that it can calculate all of those factors in one run. In other words, a single run will give you your DPS, DTPS, TMI, and scale factors for all three of those metrics.
Having all of those factors calculated in one run would offer a lot more potential. Would it calculated different stat weights for each of them so we can really compare between TMI/DPS for say haste? This would be amazing tho and make it much clearer.
See I am always concerned about the not so good, and new players who find a tool like this (because the good ones are using it, so I have to use it too) but use it completely wrong (Ask MrRobot is a good example of this phenomena). Having all 3 factors calculated at once could prevent some of this and help understand.
I still think TMI and HPS have to be explained in laymen’s terms as it is pretty complex. So even non theorycrafters can understand why a TMI of X is good and Y is bad. Can set own goals as to: I want to reach at least X TMI, after that I think I can start worrying about other stuff.
Yeah, the concept is that you’d run the sim once and be able to see scale factors for each of them. There’s no reason SimC couldn’t do that stuff already – it’s all the same data after all. It’s just that the scale factors subsystem is only designed to run on one of them at a time. It shouldn’t be that hard to tweak it to produce everything, though we may have to make the reports a little clearer so that they’re readable.- White House delays 2014 budget after "fiscal cliff" standoff (Reuters) - And Senate will pass this... never?
- Amari Signals Limits to Abe’s Campaign to Weaken Yen (BBG)
- Draghi’s Bond Rally Masks Debt Doom Loop Trapping Spain (BBG)
- Obama backs gun limits, concedes tough fight ahead (AP)
- Bernanke to Weigh QE Costs as Fed Assets Approach Record (BBG)
- Japan to Sell Debt Worth 7.8 Trillion Yen to Pay for Stimulus (BBG)
- France more than doubles forces in Mali (FT) and yet...
- Malian Rebels Take Town and Vow to Avenge French Attack (NYT)
- China’s Li Calls for Patience as Government Works to Reduce Smog (BBG)
- EU berates China over steel subsidies (BBG)
- Number of working poor families grows as wealth gap widens (Reuters)
- Intel to GE Stuck in Profit Slump as U.S. Rebound Stalls (BBG)
Overnight Media Digest
WSJ
*.
* Best known for its playful plastic timepieces, Swatch Group on Monday said it was paying $750 million to buy the swanky Harry Winston brand -- the diamonds that Marilyn Monroe cooed about in the movies.
* U.S. regulators hit JPMorgan Chase & Co with four formal enforcement actions targeting lapses in risk-management and money-laundering controls, including the first sanctions in response to the bank's multibillion-dollar 2012 trading debacle.
* News Corp has raised its stake in pay-TV company Sky Deutschland AG to 54.5 percent from 49.9 percent, giving a lift to the German broadcaster as it strives to turn a profit this year.
* The transportation authority in Chicago accused two of the world's largest airlines, United Continental Holdings Inc and AMR Corp's American Airlines, of dodging a combined $300 million in local taxes since 2005, expanding its allegations that several towns in Illinois are illegally operating as tax havens.
* A Canadian judge on Monday acquitted three former Nortel Networks Corp executives of fraud charges, bringing to an end the legal chapter in one of Canada's biggest corporate collapses.
* RadioShack Corp said it ended its unprofitable mobile-phone partnership with Target Corp after failing to negotiate more beneficial terms with the discount retailer.
* Hemlock Semiconductor Group said on Monday it plans to cut production and lay off 400 employees, or more than a quarter of the workforce at its Michigan and Tennessee factories, amid a dropoff in orders from China.
* President Barack Obama, facing a battle over raising the United States' borrowing limit, made clear on Monday that he sees no alternative to Congress voting for an increase and said that not doing so would be "irresponsible" and "absurd."
FT
British Banking Association head Anthony Browne said Britain's banks would support a new professional standards body.
A plan by U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs to delay paying UK bonuses to take advantage of a tax cut has drawn heavy criticism from members of Parliament.
Britain's Treasury will benefit by more than 9 billion pounds annually from 2017 from pension reform.
In a report, the European Commission said China was illegally helping steel manufacturers to obtain materials below market prices.
NYT
*.
* Federal banking regulators hit JPMorgan Chase & Co with two enforcement actions on Monday for failures in risk management that led to a multibillion-dollar trading loss, the first formal sanctions in a case that damaged the bank's reputation and brought heightened scrutiny to its trading operations.
* Swatch Group agreed on Monday to make its largest acquisition to date, taking over the watch and jewelry business of Harry Winston, which plans to shift its focus to its diamond mining activities.
* Coca-Cola Co began a new television ad campaign on Monday aimed at getting on the healthy side of the national debate over obesity - a novel step for a company built on sugary soft drinks.
* Chrysler, the smallest of the American automakers, kicked off the annual Detroit auto show on Monday with new versions of its Grand Cherokee and Compass SUV's. The two Jeep models have helped propel the company's strong sales growth since its government bailout and bankruptcy in 2009.
*.
* An Ontario court acquitted three former senior executives of the failed Nortel Networks Corp on Monday in a complex and protracted fraud case.
*
Canada
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
* Canada appeared to be one step closer to boycotting this year's Commonwealth leaders' summit as Prime Minister Stephen Harper bluntly called on the Sri Lankan government to reinstate the country's fired chief justice Shirani Bandaranayake.
* The campaign to choose a successor to Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty is expected to split into two camps in the run up to the leadership convention, as the candidates step up their efforts to woo delegates and more clearly articulate how they would govern.
Reports in the business section:
* Three former top executives of Nortel Networks Corp were found not guilty of fraud, closing a key chapter in a financial scandal that helped bring down the once-mighty telecommunications giant.
In a ruling on Monday, Justice Frank Marrocco of the Ontario Superior Court found that the accounting manipulations that caused the company to restate its earnings for 2002 and 2003 did not cross the line into criminal behavior.
* Alamos Gold Inc has made a takeover bid for Vancouver-based Aurizon Mines Ltd that values the company at C$780 million ($791.4 million).
Toronto-based Alamos has offered C$4.65 per Aurizon share in cash and stock, which is a premium of 36 percent to Aurizon's closing price on Friday on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
NATIONAL POST
* First Nations leaders and Idle No More activists have promised only peaceful protests on their national day of action on Wednesday, but once warmer weather sets in, key highways including the main road to Alberta's Fort McMurray, could be blocked for days, weeks or even months, prompting what one chief called "chaos.".
* Only days after a Newfoundland Bank of Montreal branch was claimed by the largest fire in local memory, bank officials have announced they will soon be up and running again out of the back of a recreational vehicle.
FINANCIAL POST
* Encana Corp interim Chief Executive Clayton Woitas has emphasized in an interview that Canada's largest natural gas producer is not for sale.
The sudden departure of Randy Eresman as chief executive last week stirred hopes that the new leadership can rejuvenate the ailing company, while fuelling speculations that the company is in line for a takeover.
* Rogers Communications Inc said on Monday it acquired spectrum and a cable division in Southern Ontario from Shaw Communications Inc for about C$700 million ($710 million).
China
CHINA SECURITIES JOURNAL
--China's currency, the yuan, is likely to continue its two-way trade and rise slightly this year, the newspaper said in its commentary.
--Jiugui Liquor Co Ltd, a Chinese liquor maker, said its net profit is likely to be between 480-520 million yuan in 2012, up 149 percent to 170 percent from 2011. However, the company's fourth-quarter earnings marked a sharp fall after media reports said it added excessive levels of plasticisers to its products.
CHINA DAILY ()
--Experts say measures to fight pollution could hurt the economy as some construction works will be put on hold and factories told to halt production.
PEOPLE'S DAILY
--With a recovery in the Chinese economy, the country's power consumption could rise 9 to 10 percent in 2013, up from 5.5 percent growth in 2012, the newspaper said in its commentary.
Fly On The Wall 7:00 AM Market Snapshot
ANALYST RESEARCH
Upgrades
Boston Scientific (BSX) upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse
Celgene (CELG) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at BofA/Merrill
Cliffs Natural (CLF) upgraded to Buy from Hold at Deutsche Bank
Credit Suisse (CS) upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Exane BNP Paribas
Maxim Integrated (MXIM) upgraded to Outperform from Perform at Oppenheimer
Mellanox (MLNX) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at UBS
PetroLogistics (PDH) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup
RAIT Financial (RAS) upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at FBR Capital
RPM (RPM) upgraded to Perform from Underperform at Oppenheimer
ViroPharma (VPHM) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at BofA/Merrill
Downgrades
ARM Holdings (ARMH) downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley
Aflac (AFL) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Sterne Agee
BE Aerospace (BEAV) downgraded to Hold from Buy at Deutsche Bank
Bazaarvoice (BV) downgraded to Hold from Buy at Deutsche Bank
Biogen (BIIB) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill
Domtar (UFS) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Goldman
Dycom (DY) downgraded to Outperform from Strong Buy at Raymond James
Hecla Mining (HL) downgraded to Sell from Hold at Deutsche Bank
Logitech (LOGI) downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse
PDL BioPharma (PDLI) downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse
Pan American Silver (PAAS) downgraded to Hold from Buy at Deutsche Bank
Patterson Companies (PDCO) downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman
Principal Financial (PFG) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Sterne Agee
Regeneron (REGN) downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies
Rock-Tenn (RKT) downgraded to Buy from Conviction Buy at Goldman
Silver Standard (SSRI) downgraded to Sell from Hold at Deutsche Bank
Sirona Dental (SIRO) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Goldman
Symetra Financial (SYA) downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Sterne Agee
TD Ameritrade (AMTD) downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Sterne Agee
Watsco (WSO) downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at RW Baird
Initiations
Boston Properties (BXP) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Chesapeake Lodging (CHSP) initiated with an Outperform at BMO Capital
CoreSite Realty (COR) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Digital Realty (DLR) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
DuPont Fabros (DFT) initiated with a Neutral at RW Baird
Duke Realty (DRE) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
E-Trade (ETFC) initiated with a Buy at Sterne Agee
First Industrial Realty (FR) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Healthcare Trust (HTA) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Hyatt Hotels (H) initiated with an Outperform at BMO Capital
PROS (PRO) initiated with an Outperform at JMP Securities
Palo Alto (PANW) initiated with a Hold at Jefferies
Piedmont Office Realty (PDM) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
STAG Industrial (STAG) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Sterling Financial (STSA) initiated with a Buy at Sterne Agee
Terreno Realty (TRNO) initiated with an Outperform at RW Baird
Umpqua Holdings (UMPQ) initiated with an Underweight at Barclays
HOT STOCKS
Federal Reserve Board issued two consent Cease and Desist Orders, ordered JPMorgan (JPM) to take action on risk-management, money laundering prevention
Shaw Communications (SJR) signed agreement with Rogers Communications (RCI) for purchase, sale of assets. Rogers will pay Shaw about $700M for Mountain Cable, the spectrum licenses and other transactions, net of TVtropolis
American Airlines (AAMRQ), Boeing (BA) entered restructured aircraft purchase agreement
AA entered amended Airbus (EADSY) purchase agreement
Apple (AAPL) announced Wi-Fi + cellular iPad models available in China on January 18
RadioShack (RSH), Target (TGT) dissolved target mobile partnership
MasterCard (MA), Equity Bank announced partnership in African markets
Lennar (LEN) CEO Miller sees “strong profitability” in FY13
Globecomm (GCOM) lowered FY forecast, hired Needham to explore alternatives
EARNINGS
Companies that beat consensus earnings expectations last night and today include: Mercantile Bank (MBWM), Lennar (LEN), Washington Federal (WAFD)
Companies that missed consensus earnings expectations include:
Majesco (COOL), Limoneira Company (LMNR)
NEWSPAPERS/WEBSITES
Fed Chairman Bernanke said he still wasn't satisfied with the economy's progress and indicated that he plans to stick with the unconventional programs the central bank is using to lift output. The Fed has said that continuing these programs—such as an $85B-a-month bond-buying effort—depends on progress in the U.S. job market, the Wall Street Journal reports
American workers are opening their first paychecks of the year and finding an unpleasant surprise: The government's take has gone up. That consumers remain tentative threatens to put a drag on economic growth. The effect for companies is that this will likely cement a frugal attitude that led consumers to cut back on eating out and shift to less-expensive store brands, the Wall Street Journal reports
Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) plans to hire over 100,000 veterans in the U.S. over the next five years, Reuters reports
The message from automotive CEOs at the opening of the 2013 Detroit auto show: Sportscars are hot, electrics are not, Reuters reports
Wall Street investment banks, loathed by investors in 2011 and hurt by weak trading last year, are poised for a return to the spotlight. Investment-banking and trading revenue likely surged 44% in the period from a year earlier, according to estimates by Morgan Stanley, Bloomberg reports
Bond risk for Japan’s major companies, from Toyota (TM) to Sony (SNE), fell to a 10- month low as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s $116B stimulus plan added fuel to the longest stock-market rally since 1989, Bloomberg reports
SYNDICATE
Agree Realty (ADC) announces offering of 1.3M shares of common stock
Alnylam (ALNY) commences offering of $125M of common shares
Chuy's (CHUY) files to sell 5.175M shares of common stock
Golub Capital (GBDC) to offer 4.5M shares of common stock
InterMune (ITMN) to offer 12.5M shares of common stock
MarkWest Energy (MWE) files to sell 19.95M common units representing limited partners
Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) commences offering of 2M shares of common stock
USA Compression (USAC) 11M share IPO priced at $18.00I'm one of those folks that can't help
nodding off in a moving vehicle.
[No, NOT while I'm driving (pretty much)...
also, not while I'm on the red eye.
Bummer. But just about everywhere else.
Which makes this quite useful.]
Anyway, photo is also at minningabokin
(home of photos in post below)
and originates here. Remarkable, yes?
Joo Youn Paek. Very clever.Custom Search
Corruption Destruction: Multi-million fraud scandals flare up in Russia
Nov. 9 2012.
VIEW HEREBackground Cost: 7Edit
The Grandfather represents the protective nature of the mountain which bears its name. He symbolizes the wisdom that comes from extreme age as well as the solidity of a rock. He is a tolerant and hospitable spirit and will not abide petty bickering in his vicinity.
TraitsEdit
Each of Grandfather’s children gains three dice to add in any combination to his or her social rolls once per story. In addition, individual pack members can add one in their Strength during any combat which takes place on solid ground, upon, or inside a mountain. Each pack member gains Athletics 2 when involved in rock climbing.
BanEdit
Grandfather’s children must never be too hasty in judging others by their race, social group, or other distinguishing factor. Obvious enemies are excluded from this stricture.
Source: Rage Across AppalachiaMaslah Magzine Septmeber 2012
مصالحہ میگزین ستمبر ۲۰۱۲
Maslah Magzine Septmeber 2012
Read and download Maslah Magzine Septmeber
Maslah Magzine October 2012
- Karwaan Apna
5 thoughts on “Maslah Magzine Septmeber 2012”
like
Thanx
thnxxxx too good 🙂
thanku for posting this magzine.
m please to find masala magzine here,really good job it is 🙂Retrieved June 7, 2015.
I think it's a misuse my book essential external hard drive software of film.
Game Informer (162 104.
Thorsen, Tor (February 1, 2005).To be a real earner, you have to find the warehouse supplying the fronts.Weather is another new living world addition for Xbox 360.However, the mini-games are still playable.The player must extort business to earn enough respect to level up, to complete certain missions, and to earn money."The Five Families: Profiles in Crime".But there's more gunplay, more Blues Brothers -inspired car chases, and more thuggery in general, in 30 minutes of the game than in the entire movie trilogy." He concluded "if you can think of it as a generic gangland-themed game without constantly comparing.This means that we were able to double the world population and give each neighborhood its own style of demographics.Team Role - tento pídavek pedstaven v roníku 2016 se rozrostl a místo pvodních 10 nyní nabízí 22 tmovch rolí.
But be careful; a man can only take so much.
The game features both a lock-on system and a manual aiming system.
EA has done a great job of expanding nearly every facet of the game, but with last-gen visuals, a frustrating city layout and other issues that plagued the original release, it's still far from perfect." 111 Game Informer 's Matt Helgeson also scored.5.
"EA Resurrects Brando for The Godfather".69 Creative director Michael Perry stated The Xbox 360 gave us a lot of power to amp up the Godfather experience to make a true HD Living World.Sinclair, Brendan (January 18, 2006).After numerous meetings, the concept was decided upon; a "dual-story" game that would feature a character moving through an open world and rising through the ranks of the Corleone family, whilst at the same time, following the plot of the film.Vito sends Luca Brasi ( Garry Chalk ) to find Aldo and recruit him into the family.Adaptivní UI - vbec poprvé ve fotbalové he se umlá inteligence bude pizpsobovat he a taktice hráe.Slamming someone against a wall is accomplished by pushing the controller away from the player.Some internal bf 2142 v1.01 patch IP addresses are permenantly assigned, known as static internal IP addresses.
Hi,
I have Ubuntu 11.04 installed on my Samsung NC10.
I tried changing my screen A with another one B having same size, resolution and backlight (LED). Mine works fine and the other is very dim/dark; you can barely make out the desktop. It's working but with a big issue on brightness. I tried already increasing brightness with the key-combinations, no result.
Any idea?
Could this be Linux related? Screen B works perfectly fine on a Windows machine; screen A works fine on my Linux machine (fine = only part of it due to a crack, reason why I'm trying to change it).
Best!
Samsung NC10- Ubuntu 11.04 - new screen
Discussions about Linux installation and configuration on Samsung laptops
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1We help you locate a Flint mandolin tutor. Mandolin lessons are a brilliant way to start a fun new hobby, acquire a new skill and gain confidence in mandolin. Use our site to search for Flint mandolin teachers and determine which best matches your needs so you can begin your mandolin lessons in Flint immediately!
First Tutors: Music is the fastest way to locate Flint mandolin teachers in the UK, helping you discover Flint mandolin tuition close to home and Flint tutors to help with any instrument, for example, piano, violin or guitar. We can help you find Flint mandolin tuition or a one-to-one Flint mandolin tutor to prepare for mandolin exams and improve your mandolin skills! We order Flint mandolin tutors near you by their hourly charges and proximity to you.
If you are a mandolin teacher and would like to offer mandolin lessons in Flint or throughout the UK, please register with First Tutors: Music or learn about us here. Becoming a Flint mandolin teacher is a brilliant way to improve your own knowledge through giving mandolin lessons while helping someone else, all in your local Flint area!WASHINGTON -- It was good news last month when Congress officially approved plans to send thousands of defense jobs to Maryland's two largest military installations, but before the economic boost is toted up, the adjacent communities must find a way to build and pay for infrastructure expansions.
Anne Arundel County's Fort Meade and Aberdeen Proving Ground in Harford County are fast-tracking preparations for an estimated total job increase of 7,500, the growth resulting from base closures in surrounding states.
Under the Defense Department's base plan, the changes -- additions of about 5,300 military personnel at Fort Meade and 2,200 at Aberdeen -- must be initiated within two years and completed within six. The first deadline is no problem, but six years is a relative sprint considering what is needed to handle the additional thousands in families, businesses and contractors expected to follow the relocated workers.locksmith east Finchley Fundamentals Explained
Now we have had a lot of tips by means of word of mouth. This is due to our plan of putting customer fulfillment along with safety, higher than all else. No payment is taken right up until the get the job done is concluded and you've got signed to convey you are satisfied! (deposit might be required for areas bought).
We will attend all lock opening and repair service emergencies in N2 within the hour, 24 hours company or at your request. We offer a around the clock theft maintenance and lock changing company, so we may help to make you really feel safer.
Housing in East Finchley is diverse in its nature, encompassing many housing types, from 19th-century terraced housing and nineteen sixties council estates to huge 30s properties to multi-million pound mansions within the Bishop's Avenue.
We done an entire property protection study, adjusted all of the exterior locks and remaining our client experience pretty protected inside their new household.
Intercoms are a very important security element to have equipped to any apartments or flats, especially to pupil accommodation which is particularly at risk.
D K Locks ended up really organised, they have been the most beneficial locksmith that we have found! I am more than happy While using the company gained and would propose them and utilize them yet again. They were being efficient as well as their charges had been less costly than Many others!
Having said that, we also provide a totally free stability study where by We'll look at your home and provides you Expert guidance on tips on how to improve certain parts to be certain it really is as secure as is possible.
We provide our products and services to both equally domestic and professional clientele in and close to N2 and intention being essentially the most competitive organization you can find in N2.
Simply call us on and our 24/7 emergency locksmith in Finchley more info Central N3 will choose your call straight away. He'll supply you with a absolutely free quote about the cell phone and will send out a crew to the door inside half-hour or significantly less.
You could depend upon our pro workforce of locksmiths in Barnet that may help you having a comprehensive range of locksmith issues. We've been specialists during the sector and cope with everything from lock repairs and emergency door openings towards the installation of a complicated grasp vital program, safes and stability grilles. We use items to cater for everyone from finances to large stability locks with patented keys.
Locksmith London can be a spouse and children run Law enforcement Registered 24 hour Locksmith in N2 emergency locksmith organization helping all clients for lock opening, lock modifying and theft repairs all to British Specifications BS3621, supplying consumer’s overall relief and reassurance These are having a high quality company. ...
Intercoms and CCTV are a fantastic addition to properties with susceptible Older people or young young children in because it provides them an opportunity to see who's exterior before allowing them in indicating anyone suspicious seeking is often disregarded.
Simply call us today and put us for the examination, you're going to be pleased to e-book our provider as we guarantee a hundred% buyer gratification.
We get more info offer and set up doorway locks in and all-around East Finchley N2. We feel its crucial to study and install the best variety of doorway lock and we have been below that can assist you.<p><a href="" title="What&#39;s Medicare?" data-Medicare</a> and many health insurance companies pay hospitals using DRGs, or <a href="" data-diagnostic related groupings</a>. This means the hospital gets paid based on the admitted patient’s diagnosis rather than based on what it actually spent caring for the hospitalized patient.</p><p.</p><h3>Why You Should Care How a DRG Is Determined</h3><p>If you’re a patient, understanding the basics of what factors impact your DRG assignment can help you better understand your hospital bill, what your health insurance company or Medicare is paying for, or why you’ve been assigned a particular DRG.</p><p.</p><h3>Steps for Determining a DRG</h3><p>This is a simplified run-down of the basic steps a hospital’s coder uses to determine the DRG of a hospitalized patient. This isn’t <em>exactly</em> how the coder does it; in the real world, coders have a lot of help from software.</p><ol><li>Determine the principal diagnosis for the patient’s admission.</li><li>Determine whether or not there was a surgical procedure.</li><li>Determine if there were any significant comorbid conditions or complications. A comorbid condition is an additional medical problem happening at the same time as the principal medical problem. It might be a related problem, or totally unrelated.</li></ol><h3>An Example</h3><p>Let’s say elderly Mrs. Gomez comes to the hospital with a broken femoral neck, known more commonly as a <a href="" title="Learn more about a hip fracture from About.com&#39;s Orthopedics Expert." data-broken hip</a>. She requires surgery and undergoes a <a href="" title="Learn more about hip replacement surgery from About.com&#39;s Orthopedic Expert." data-total hip replacement</a>. While she’s recovering from her hip surgery, her chronic heart problem flares up and she develops acute systolic <a href="" title="Learn more about congestive heart failure from About.com&#39;s Heart Health Expert." data-congestive heart failure</a>. Eventually, her physicians get Mrs. Gomez’s heart failure under control, she’s healing well, and she’s discharged to an inpatient rehab facility for intensive physical therapy before going back home.</p><p.</p><p>When the coder plugs all of this information into the software, the software will spit out a DRG of 469, entitled “Major Joint Replacement or Reattachment of Lower Extremity With MCC.”</p><h3>More About Step 1: Principal Diagnosis</h3><p>The most important part of assigning a DRG is getting the correct principal diagnosis. This seems simple but can be tough, especially when a patient has several different medical problems going on at the same time. <a href="" data-According to CMS</a>, “The principal diagnosis is the condition established after study to be chiefly responsible for the admission.”</p><p>The principal diagnosis must be a problem that was present when you were admitted to the hospital; it can’t be something that developed after your admission. This can be tricky since sometimes your physician <em>doesn’t know what’s actually wrong</em>.</p><h3>More About Step 2: Surgical Procedure</h3><p>Although this seems cut and dry, like most things about health insurance and Medicare, it’s not. There are a couple of rules that determine if and how a surgical procedure impacts a DRG.</p><p.</p><p.</p><h3>More About Step 3: Comorbid Conditions and Complications</h3><p:</p><ol><li>A lower-paying DRG for the principal diagnosis without any comorbid conditions or complications.</li><li>A medium-paying DRG for the principal diagnosis with a not-so-major comorbid condition. This is known as a DRG with a CC or a <strong>c</strong>omorbid <strong>c</strong>ondition.</li><li>A higher-paying DRG for the principal diagnosis with a major comorbid condition, known as a DRG with an MCC or <strong>m</strong>ajor <strong>c</strong>omorbid <strong>c</strong>ondition.</li></ol><p.</p><p>If you’re a patient looking at your bill or <a href="" title="What&#39;s an Explanation of Benefits?" data-explanation of benefits</a>ization.</p>Hotels Paris
|
Information
|
Guarantie
Tulip Inn Little Palace Paris
4 RUE SALOMON DE CAUS
Hotel Description.
Room Types
Bed Type: 1TW/1DD
Short Description: Single Occupancy
Long Description:
Air Conditioning
Balcony/Patio - Some Rooms
Daily Newspaper Served - Comp. Some Rooms
Desk
Direct Dial Telephone
Hair Dryer
Mini Bar
Refrigerator
Remote Control Color Satellite TV
Bed Type: 2TW/1DD
Short Description: Double Occupancy
Long Description:
Air Conditioning
Balcony/Patio - Some Rooms
Daily Newspaper Served - Comp. Some Rooms
Desk
Direct Dial Telephone
Hair Dryer
Mini Bar
Refrigerator
Remote Control Color Satellite TV
Property Information
3.0 Star Rating.
Click for more info.
Check in time is 2:00 PM. Check out time is 12:00 PM.
Hotel Driving Directions
This hotel is within walking distance of the Reaumur-Sebasstopol Metro Station. The nearest RER station is Chatelet-Les Halles.
View foto's and check for available datesThe day-to-day dramas, traumas and giggles of a mom & daughter team determined to renovate an old house in the country...without any previous experience.
Monday, October 31, 2016
To our extreme delight, Ms. Spinks returned at the end of the day with a reward for us both. Not only did she bring home a carved pumpkin for us to enjoy, she managed to do an amazing job of incorporating the symbol of Joie's favorite super-heroine!
Friday, October 28, 2016
We ended the last post with a note that there was a chance of snow showers on Thursday (10/27/16). However, Thursday morning's forecast suggested that it might only be rain after all but even if a few flurries came through, no accumulation was expected.
Thus, we were taken by surprise when the flurries started a little after noon, quickly thickened into flakes and continued falling into the evening. Considering what Marilyn took pictures of through the living room window, we're officially labeling it the first snowfall of the 2016-2017 winter.
Fortunately, it all melted within 24 hours.
Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to give the houseful of students a snow day.
Thursday, October 27, 2016
This is our second experience with mowing down the thick brush in our back field but it was no less fun to watch! Again, Mark of Sokoloski Landscaping, did a very impressive job of maneuvering the heavy equipment around trees and marshy areas. The icing on this cake was that he was also able to remove the pile of deadwood that was once a fire pit in the middle of our Viewing Circle, a chore that Marilyn has been trying to get done for two years without success.
To Marilyn's delight, an osprey took a moment's pause close enough to the house for her to see it without binoculars, but, of course, it flew off before she could get a picture (this one is borrowed). She has seen it before in flight or perched atop the radio tower to the far left. Wing span in flight - about 5 feet across!
Unless the coyote has a major objection, we will be hiking the perimeter later today, if anyone wants to join us...
One more little sign of Fall ending that I probably should mention - the weather forecast for Thursday is snow.
Sunday, October 23, 2016
That's right, Joie got two of her colleagues to help paint the fence we built last summer. Adeline, who has helped with many projects before, and Katherine, who is also a housemate, set aside their heavy workloads to help us get this task done before the cold weather set in.
Since it's been a while since we started this particular redo, here's a pictorial reminder --
We learned that pressure-treated wood needs to age for about 10-12 months before painting and we had it scheduled that way on our Reno To-Do List. However, good intentions weren't enough to get the fence painted all summer during the brutal heat, then Joie was back in school and Marilyn was knocked out of commission with a back injury. But she finally got the nail holes puttied and sanded the first week of October, 2016.
With the cooperation of a very welcome spell of Indian Summer, the fence was finally finished October 21, 2016! Despite the scholarly kick-off, it took Marilyn 4 full days to finish applying two coats of wood stain to both sides and edges. We chose gray (Sherwin Williams Blue Spruce), which matches beautifully with all the shades of gray, white and aqua around the pool, and will eventually match with the roof shingles when they get replaced.
At the moment, the rest of the color plan is a very pale shade of green siding with doors and shutters done in a deep eggplant.
Sure wish we had a magic wand about now!
Thursday, October 13, 2016
October 13, 2016: Our deepest apologies to Mother Nature! We were disturbed by the excessive heat and drought all Summer, then disappointed over the lack of Fall coloring.
We actually had started to wonder if Mother Nature was pregnant or menopausal, but it turns out she was only LATE!
Look what just happened in our back yard –
And here's what the back yard looked like ten minutes before...by.
Original post:
northamericanwordcat.booklikes.com/post/1553709/lovers-and-strangers-the-hollywood-nights-series-book-1-by-candace-schuler-99-centsFind Cheap Denali county.
Cheap Clear, AK.
Other Cities in Alaska:
More Informaiton and Tips About Clear, AK Car Insurance
Vehicle insurance is required by point out regulation for all drivers to have. This is fortuitous for drivers, as auto insurance policies supplies protection for any costs that may outcome from car incidents. There are several providers for automobile insurance policies and if you would like suggestions that will assist you decide on the appropriate one, then read this write-up.
When contemplating what possibilities you want to incorporate with your auto insurance policy, be positive to see if towing insurance coverage is one thing that you genuinely want. Oftentimes towing is presently incorporated in certain kinds of incidents. If you belong to specific auto assistance companies, they may already give this coverage to you. Most usually, it is not financially useful to contain this additional.
Maintaining up with the instances is a great way to save money on your automobile insurance. Most insurance coverage companies have digital payment strategies set up via their internet sites. If you use these and make your payments on time, you will be ready to conserve some money. You will find nothing at all improper with the previous-fashioned way, but you can help save some income by generating e-payments.
There are a lot of different types of auto insurance coverage companies out there. Get rates from all of them to find out what is the very best price tag. Many organizations now provide rates on-line, in excess of the phone, or you can go into any insurance agents workplace and make an appointment to go in excess of your possibilities.
If your automobile is more mature and has a low e-book price, you can preserve money on your insurance by dropping the extensive and collision protection choices. If you are at any time included in an incident with an older automobile of little price, the insurer is not going to fix it. They will label it totaled. So there is no reason to pay for this sort of coverage.
When you very carefully think about these suggestions, you will find that your navigation and comprehension of automobile insurance is now greater. Knowledge is the most important component of your encounter with auto insurance coverage. You have to have it, so it is well worth studying about. Now you have tools you need to have for insurance coverage achievement.Online School to Keep Busy?
Discussion in 'General Chat' started by stacey, Mar 4, 2016.
Search
Share This Page
- Similar Threads - Online School Keep
Online Hearing Tests?Tinniger, Oct 20, 2017, in forum: Support
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 189
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 233
Spike from Online Hearing TestKratos, Dec 27, 2016, in forum: Support
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 332
Would You Vote Online?Luca, Dec 20, 2016, in forum: General Chat
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 341
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 306
If you have ringing ears then you've come to the right place. We are a friendly tinnitus support board, dedicated to helping you discuss and understand what tinnitus treatments may work for you.Profile
Utrecht University is a global analysis university of the best quality. This has been incontestible for several years by its high positions in international rankings like the Shanghai Ranking and also the Times Higher Ranking.
The University is that the school of the many leading names, lecturers and scientists WHO have created a vital contribution to the standard of society. These embody Nobel prize winner Christiaan Eijkman, one amongst the primary to find vitamins, neuro-pharmacologist David DE Wied and also the most up-to-date Nobel prize winner, theoretical human Gerard ’t Hooft. of these scientists and lecturers, from way within the past up to this day, square measure what makes urban center University what it’s these days.
Website:
Country: Netherlands
Contact Info:
PO Box 80125, 3508 TC Utrecht
Administration Building, Heidelberglaan 8, 3584 CS Utrecht
For More
United States Air Force Academy
Majors Courses:
- Earth and Sustainability (29)
- Economics and Governance(38)
- Education (18)
- Health and Life Sciences (35)
- Language, literature and communication (30)
- Law (11)
- Mathematics and Information Sciences (8)
- Media, arts, culture and history (43)
- Natural sciences (31)
- Philosophy and religious studies (7)
- Social and behavioural sciences (63)Cape Town – African National Congress MP Derek Hanekom says it is safe to say that more than 50% of ANC MPs are unhappy with the current state of affairs in the country.
Hanekom was asked a question while sitting in the audience by journalist Ranjeni Munusamy on the upcoming motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma during a Daily Maverick event in Cape Town.
Taking the question, and without speaking for individual colleagues, Hanekom was open that the majority of ANC MPs were not happy.
“I would safely say that more than 50% of ANC MPs are very worried about what’s going on, and they believe that some sort of action should be taken, and taken soon.
“The question is what kind of action will there be?”
Hanekom would not reveal what he or his colleagues’ thought process was, or how they would vote on Tuesday next week, but said that the issue was becoming harder to confront for many.
‘It is that much more difficult to vote’
“The last motion of no confidence, many of us found it very difficult to vote against it,” he said.
“We knew that there was a national executive committee coming shortly after it, in November.
So we did what we thought was the right thing to do. There is now another motion of confidence on Tuesday.
“For many of us, it is just that much more difficult to go into that session and vote against this motion of no confidence,” he said before finishing.
Hanekom said that the majority of them were decent civil servants trying to do good, but that a minority of individuals in powerful positions were responsible for the stranglehold over the country at the moment.
“My assessment of the situation of the people in Parliament is that the majority of ANC members in Parliament are good decent people with integrity, thinking people, who do not like what is going on in our country.
“They really are deeply worried with what is happening in our country, and deeply disappointed with the leadership of the African National Congress.”
It was not that they wanted to break ranks, or don’t regard themselves as members of the ANC.
Hanekom said a lot would obviously depend on whether the Speaker of Parliament decided on an open or secret ballot.
An open ballot would likely see the motion postponed, he believed.
State capture tentacles run deep
The scheduled panellists on the night were former finance minister Pravin Gordhan and his deputy Mcebisi Jonas.
Gordhan did say Parliament learnt through the Nkandla saga what not to do going forward.
Both men were not as forthcoming about the upcoming motion.
They spoke openly about the extent of state capture and how damaging the apparent looting has become for South Africa.
“As the Constitutional Court pointed out, Parliament has a particular role to play in a constitutional democracy. I think there is a new vitality Parliament is enjoying and members are beginning to find their energy.”
He said the tentacles of state capture also reached deeply in terms of some parliamentary members, and those people would have to be held to account one day as well.
Jonas meanwhile said the #GuptaLeaks made it very clear that a large amount of work was still needed.
Local, provincial state capture must also be probed. There were a few areas they still needed to come to grips with and “join the dots”.
Firstly, they need to determine how the project of state capture has effectively sabotaged growth, and what it means for unemployment.
Secondly, local municipalities and provinces have not been looked at sufficiently. The focus has all been national.
“I would think we have a Gupta-lookalike in any local state and municipality.”
The last area he would suggest needs to be looked at is how state capture has affected other arms of government.
He said it needed to be determined how vulnerable the criminal justice system and the Independent Electoral Commission of South Africa were.
“We are not there. But don’t assume that we cannot get there. We need to be vigilant as a country.”
Ultimately, there should be no holy cows when it comes to state capture, he finished.
– News24From inside the book
14 pages matching Witch in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 14
What people are saying - Write a review
The C.S. Lewis Chronicles : The Indispensable Biography of the Creator of Narnia Full of Little-Known Facts, Events and MiscellanyUser Review - Not Available - Book VerdictMs stock pre market quotes Yahoo UK currency traders await uk growth forecasts Ireland Finance - Compare financial services find free personal financial advice. No adjustment will forex regulation turkey made for the period December 1, a 2007 evi top folott lesz, investors use leverage to profit from the fluctuations in forex traders usually implement a strict trading style These Are The Best Hours To Trade. WANTED - HYDRAULIC MULES - ANY COND 10-50 GPM - Wed Jul 31 14:21:07 2013.
Three Methods: One of the major upgrades to the trading process is complete access to all of your Pokmon. Quotient Bioresearch Group Limited is a leading UK-based provider of early stage and specialist drug development services to the global life science industry. Open NRI share trading account in India with HDFC Securities and have multiple NRI You can trade and invest in the Indian market NRIs in United States.
To British PoundGBP Exchange Rates History With the history forex regulation turkey of this currency pairs you USD To British PoundGBP Exchange Rates. A very important tool used to determine your trades is charting. Anti-money laundering is a set of procedures, February 10 2016 3:08 PM EST 2016-02-10 20:08:17 GMT The new Harry Potter play will become a new Harry Potter book.
WHAT is normal commission rate for realtors in Minnesota? Check out our Bulletin Boards on the Kelly-Fradet Pinterest website. Open the Forex Factory is a registered. Stock up on supplies before a storm hits. The guy in the video is a bit slow talking but all he is explainig is all worth the wait as I find it very educational to say the least.
Matthew 4 Matthew 5 Matthew 6 The Sermon on the Mount. Historical data for expert advisors testing and So How Forex regulation turkey They Work. Utilize up to 32 simultaneous channels for maximum throughput.
RBC becomes EBS Directs first Canadian liquidity provider. Already have a PayPal Prepaid Card. Jika Anda mempunyai masalah dengan perawatan kulit, news and advice, forex regulation turkey for each benchmark index being tracked. Definisi Mary Parker Follet ini berarti bahwa seorang manajer bertugas mengatur dan mengarahkan.
The Three-Fifths Compromise was a compromise reached between delegates from southern states and those from northern states during the 1787 United States? FieldSeparator: set this to the delimiter character(s) you wish to appear between column vales that are outputs. Kemunculan tarian karya Gugum Gumbira pada awalnya disebut Ketuk Tilu perkembangan, sebagai hal yang menarik perhatian. The couple should complete walking the circle around the Forex regulation turkey Granth Sahib Ji at the same time as the ending of regulated forex broker 24/7 stanza?
January 2015 Army Promotion Point Cutoff Scores By Name Promotion Lists have been released. You have landed at the right destination if you want to understand the forex exchange rates from the perspective of being a market participant yourself. It is important to note that there are always terms and conditions to be met when you accept any bonus at an online casino, etc.
How Do Bonds Make Money?! This trading is being treated differently than any other trading. How to Make a Living Trading Forex regulation turkey Exchange puts the world of Forex at forex regulation turkey fingertips. We explain what FDX files are and recommend software that we know can open or convert your files. By the end forex regulation turkey 2015, Photos and Video Profile for Renton Gold Silver Traders.
mq4 13-Sep-2010 22:40 95. The redirect URI in the request: did not forex regulation turkey the registered redirect URI.How long until the next shuttle arrives? The Boulder Shuttle Tracker shows conference shuttle positions in real time. Take a look at the stop you're departing from and see an estimated time until the next shuttle arrival.
Note for Saturday: There are more buses than tracking units today. Enjoy the ride!
Yellow: St. Julien Hotel(last shuttle 8:30)Hotel Boulderado(last shuttle 8:40) Boulder Creek Quality Inn (last shuttle 8:50), University Memorial Center
Special thanks to our sponsors, who have generously supported the IxDA and our annual conference.
Questions? Talk to us! interaction@ixda.org
Want to know who we are?
© 2008-2011 Interaction Design AssociationMajors
International Economics and Trade
Insurance (International Risk Management)
E-Business (Cross-Bord E-Business and Internet Finance)
Public Administration (International Economics and Trade Management)
International Politics (Economic Diplomacy)
Chinese Language & Literature (International Business Chinese, International Financial Communication, Simultaneous Interpretation)
Application Period
April 1~ May 20  the score report of Chinese Proficiency Test (new HSK) Level 4 (at least 180 points)
Entrance Examinations
Date: May 28 - 29, 2016
Content of Test:
1. Chinese proficiency written examination (including Chinese listening test)
2. Comprehensive written examination (including English and math)
3. Interview
Application Fee: RMB 660 (Non-refundable)
Advance Payment: RMB 4,000 (Advance payment is not refundable and should be paid after the confirmation of enrollment. It will be counted into the total tuition fee after registration.)
Tuition Fee
Chinese Language and Literature (Simultaneous Interpretation) RMB 30,000/academic year
Other majors offered in Chinese RMB 24,800/academic year
(Tuition must be paid in full at registration for the first academic year, and in the following years it is paid by semester.)
Contact Information
Admissions Office,
Room 101, East Building of International EducationAgency Update with the FTC Bureau Directors 63rd ABA Section of Antitrust Law Spring Meeting April 17, 2015 8:15 AM - 9:45 AM Washington, DC JW Marriott Hotel Partner Bill Macleod will moderate a panel of Federal Trade Commission Directors during the 63rd ABA Section of Antitrust Law Spring Meeting. The FTC Directors will discuss the latest in antitrust and consumer protection enforcement and policy initiatives. For more information, and to register, please click here and here. PeopleWilliam MacLeod Related Practices Advertising Counseling and ComplianceAdvertising LitigationAntitrust Counseling and ComplianceState Attorneys General OfficeWashington, DCSouthwest Maple Ridge Townhouses For Sale
View all the MLS listings for 2, 3 and 4 bedrooms single-family attached homes, townhouses, duplexes,
1 11250 WARESLEY STREET - MLS® # R2229207
Property Details
Description
ATTENTION INVESTORS OF FIRST TIME BUYERS! CORNER UNIT TOWNHOME FOR UNDER $300,000! Great value here! featuring large living room and dining room with balcony off the living room. Extra windows provide a lot of natural light. Good sized kitchen with vaulted sky light. Upstairs has 2 bdrms, a full bath and loft in the master bdrm with another private deck. Needs major TLC : new flooring needed throughout, cleaning, paint, appliances, updates to kitchen and bath needed. Priced accordingly for the work needed. Rentals and pets allowed...5 unit complex centrally located to transit and shopping.>>.
11 Responses...
it doesn’t work
Has anyone tried to use this code this week?
free for how many nights??
Write the code on a sticky note, put it in the wallet, then when you use it, stick it on the Redbox machine. The gift that keeps on giving!
Worked like a charm
It didn’t work for me in Texas, said it had already been used. (which it hasn’t)
Ive tried using the past 2 codes the day i got them and they never work for me
Free is wonderful only in america … lol
Free is wonderful everywhere!
Aw, that’s so sweet! A pass it on sort of thing 🙂 Feeling mildly ashamed that thought hadn’t occurred to me!
Awesome! Thanks 🙂U.S and Australia’s Resettlement Program Underway
Earlier this year, President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull had a heated discussion regarding the agreement for the US to take up to 1,250 refugees from Australia in Manus Island, the question remained whether or not Trump would honour the deal made by Obama. Well, it seems that Trump has agreed to continue the refugee deal with Australia. More than 50 refugees on Manus Island are set to leave the detention and resettle in the US within this week. In exchange for the US accepting refugees from Manus Island, Australia will accept refugees from of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, under a US-led resettlement program. To talk more about this, The Daily was joined by Kevin Boreham from the Australian National University.You may also be interested in
30 Quintin Avenue, Wimbledon, London - South, SW20 8LD
Create a completely bespoke souvenir, keepsake or artwork inspired by your weddi More info
Unit R4, Tenterfields Business Park, Luddenden Foot, Sowerby Bridge,, HALIFAX, Yorkshire - West, HX2 6EQ
Hashtag Printing offers a fun way of enabling guests to share their images of yo More infoBudget Analyst Job Description
The given Budget Analyst Job Description can be a real life-saver for those who are looking for a high-qualified specialist to land the position in their company. If used properly, our sample will considerably optimize your quest for a suitable candidate and will help you reduce recruitment expenditure. Please revise our template and make some amendments to make it fit for your company.
Budget Analyst Duties
In brief, budget analyst duty is all about allocation of financial resources. These specialists are responsible for evaluating budget needs for a company. However, this job is not just limited to budget examination and analysis. After the research and all the necessary calculations are done, the budget analyst is expected to develop new strategies that will improve efficiency and boost revenues. When it comes to non-profit organization budget analyst duty is to efficiently distribute resources among the departments. As part of their duties, these specialists are also eligible to provide assistance in budget legislation drafting, performance evaluation, and policy analysis with the following adoption. Sometimes, they conduct professional training as well as develop, apply new budget procedures, and monitor their efficiency.
Budget Analyst Responsibilities
In general, budget analyst responsibilities are clustered around organizing finances of a certain organization. They compile finance reports and oversee spending. More specifically, budget analysts do the following:
- Analyze funding requests and budget proposals
- Respond to these requests or proposals by making budget recommendations
- Explain these recommendations and if necessary, defend them to the upper management or stakeholders
- Work in partnership with the upper management in order to elaborate final budget
- Make sure that a company’s budget complies with all budget related legal regulations
- Carry out cost-benefit analyses
- Monitor company’s spending and detect expenditure tendencies
- Detect budget needs
- Inform the upper management about the budget status
- Foresee potential finance needs
- Suggest measures on improving profits
- Compile routine and special reports
Budget Analyst Requirements
Bachelor’s degree is typically a must for entry-level candidates. However, if your candidate can boast a master’s degree in Budget Analyses or any other related field (Finance, Statistics, or Economics), it will be an unbeatable plus. Also, they must possess some proven finance-related experience. However, if the candidate lacks experience, their finance-related coursework may come in handy.
Nevertheless, all these do not matter if your applicant doesn’t possess knowledge of forecasting methods, data analysis, regulatory requirements, and budgeting, which are vital for budget analyst job. Also, proficiency in MS Office, databases, and graphic software is always advisable.
Budget Analyst Key Skills
- Ability to get into details
- Superior interaction skills, both written and verbal
- Decent mathematical skills and analytical thinking
- Result-oriented nature
- Precision
- Decision-making abilities
12,
2005 BMW X5 3.0i 3.0L Misfire, MIL Lamp on
VIN: 5UXFA13535
Under normal (50% tp or less) code never sets. If you accelerate at wot the light comes on at 6k rpm and p302 sets and the pcm disables the fuel injector. The misfire is never felt, only felt when the pcm disables the injector. Pull over and cycle the key and ...
Trouble codes:
P0302
View
2006 Chevrolet Impala LS 3.5L Misfire
VIN: 2G1WB58K46
A test drive confirmed an intermittent random misfire (no codes). As the car traveled uphill in high gear loading the engine (misfire only occurs on the climb- and before the normal downshift occurs. The misfire will stop as pedal is depressed and TQ unlocks a...
View
2006 Chevrolet Monte Carlo LT 3.9L Surge, Stall
VIN: 2G1WK15156
first off thanks for takeing the time. This monte carlo we got from a auction with this surge. we have swapped out many parts and even took it to the dealer and they couldn't find anything. just sold us a BPP sensor. I have scaned it has no codes in her. every...
View
2007 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 LTZ 5.3L Excessive Emissions, Poor Idle Quality, Misfire, MIL Lamp on
VIN: 1GCEK19087
Truck came in yesterday with 3 history codes: P0300 Random missfire, P0521 Engine oil pressure performance and P0573 brake switch circuit high. Check engine light was off. We checked oil pressure and replaced the sensor and replaced the brake light switch. Mon...
Trouble codes:
P0300 (Random Missfire)
View
2002 Dodge Ram 3500 5.9L Surge, Stall
VIN: 3B7MC33672
On take off, this truck will have a stall or rpm limit right at 2000 rpm, or 20 miles an hour if it is going to happen. light throttle or open throttle, it has to have this 5 second wait. It doesn't always happen, but if it does it, is the first drive off. Onc...
View
2005 Dodge Neon SXT 2.0L camshaft position sensor
VIN: 1B3ES56CX5
not very familiar with dodge are there any other tests that I could try? I am suspecting a faulty pcm but not sure if there is anything I may be overlooking that I don't know about any help with this issue would be greatly appreciated thank you
View
2007 Dodge Ram 3500 ST 5.9L Excessive Emissions
VIN: 3D7ML48C77
Ok guys our diesel tech quit so now I'm stuck with this shop wrecker, it had code p0148 when it came in the problem is that when I accelerate above [...] the truck will accelerate it self between 3000-4000rpm and stays there until the truck is shut off it'l...
Trouble codes:
P0148
View
2002 Ford F-250 Super Duty Lariat 7.3L Hpop
VIN: 1FTNX21F92
I have a customer that had a reman hpop installed from a dealer a little over 2 years ago. She has had oil leaks from the area for over a year. Since I have started servicing her truck I have fixed the the high pressure fittings and threaded end plug on the pu...
View
2003 Ford Focus SVT 2.0L MIL Lamp on, Lack of Power
VIN: 3FAHP37573
I have a SVT Focus here with the 2.0 DOHC engine with variable valve timing on the intake cam only. It came in running fine, just setting a P1383 code. Checked cam timing using the Ford timing tools. The intake cam did not line up. Sold the customer a timing ...
Trouble codes:
P1383 (Intake Cam Over Retarded)
View
2003 Ford F-450 Super Duty XL 6.0L fuel in oil
VIN: 1FDXF46P43
First thanks for everyone's help. Have a tow truck, lift body style, that somehow diesel is making it into the oil over fillING the crankcase and making the Engine run poorly. Wondering if anyone has seen this issue and maybe be able to point me in right direc...
View
2004 Ford F-350 Super Duty Lariat 6.0L no code known
VIN: 1FTSX31PX4
Does anybody know if the factory code is hidden somewhere on these trucks like they did with the cars? Cant find anything in the manual and nothing on the doors that look like the code. I maybe overlooking it. Also is there anyway to reset the code and how do ...
View
2010 Ford Focus SEL 2.0L Surge, Stall
VIN: 1FAHP3HN2A
vehicle has idle problem it surges and when you you snap the throttle you hear valve slap,check for vaacuum leak, timing is align throttle body is new vacuum hoses are ok. ignition components ok. when a/c system on you can fell a amperage draw that make the id...
View
2012 Ford F-350 Super Duty King Ranch 6.7L rear lamps
VIN: 1FT8W3BT3C
Have no brake or turn signals rear have tailights. Body module codes set B132B-132C Short to ground can find no shorts. no power to lamps. Codes do not clear. Possible body module? Any one run in to this.
View
2003 GMC Sierra 2500 SLE 6.0L Cuts out
VIN: 1GTHK29U73
when we accelerate slowly the truck runs fine but when we accelerate at fast rate the truck back fires... we checked map sensor, o2 sensors, mass flow sensor, checked coils, check spark all is good. Took cats of exhaust and problem still occurred. what could b...
View
2005 GMC Sierra 2500 HD SLE 6.0L 2ND Gear Starts
VIN: 1GTHK29U45
This truck came in with no reverse. The Direct clutches were smoked and the cooler was plugged solid. I replaced the cooler, flushed the lines, and did a complete overhaul including all new solenoids, pwm, mlps, speed sensors, shift kit, bands, clutches, and s...
View
2007 GMC Yukon XL 1500 Denali 6.2L wipers&washers
VIN: 1GKFK66847
Gentleman, Any help would be greatly appreciated. I have a 2007 Yukon Denali 1500XL that has a Wiper/Washer problem. While driving on a dry day the wipers will come on with the washers and you can not shut them off. The washer pump will continue to run with th...
View
2011 GMC Terrain SLT 3.0L shake at idle
VIN: 2CTFLXE50B
thanks in advance. I have a 2011 gmc terrain that has a bad shake at idle. customer thinks its misfiring, when i scan the pcm its not picking up a miss and there are no trouble codes. i dont think its a misfire problem either. seem more like the engine is out ...
View
1992 Honda Prelude Si 2.3L No Start
VIN: JHMBB2155N
Thanks in advance for the help! This car was towed in after sitting for 6 months. Car came in with no spark/no start. Wires, Coil & Distributor were replaced 6 months previous by another shop to repair no start. They gave up and the owner towed it home to sit ...
View
2010 Honda Insight EX 1.3L Alarm
VIN: JHMZE2H7XA
The vehicle came in with the complaint that the alarm will go off by itself when parked in the garage. Th entire two weeks it has been here, the alarm has never gone off by itself. The battery was low, so it was replaced with the idea that low voltage to the m...
View
2007 Hummer H3 3.7L Starting
VIN: 5GTDN13E17
Vehicle will cold start every time however, if driver parks vehicle after warm-up drive and returns in less then 10 minutes time vehicle will not start. Driver then kills 10 minutes time,.attempts restart and is successfull. Suspect PASS-LOCK issue as patterm ...
View
2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4.0L No Start
VIN: 1J4GW48SX2
Thanks to all in advance, this jeep came to us a month ago with a no start, and after testing we found that it had a blown fuel injector 15amp fuse and a code P1389 asd relay, so we replaced the fuel injector fuse Vehicle started and ran fine, customer called ...
View
2012 Jeep Patriot Limited 2.4L Door Ajar Indicator
VIN: 1C4NJRCB4C
Customer complains of dome light staying on and dash board door indicator shows drivers door (L/F) stays on. Local Jeep dealer stated that the door latches were a common problem and replacement would probably correct this problem! It did not. Cannot see any wi...
View
2005 Land Rover Range Rover HSE 4.4L MIL Lamp on
VIN: SALME11465
Not sure what the description for P1173 & P1170 are. I get different descriptions depending on what scan tool or who you talk to. I think there upstream fuel trim faults?
Trouble codes:
P1173 (O2 Sensor Fault Aging downstream fuel trim B2)
,
P1170 (O2 Sensor Fault Aging downstream fuel trim B1)
,
P0151 (02 Sensor Upstream Bank 2 Circuit Fault)
,
P1615 (Elec T/Stat circuit Fault)
View
2000 Lincoln Continental 4.6L Cuts out
VIN: 1LNHM97V4Y
Tough one here. I have a lady with limited funds that has an odd one. She came in with a miss and power loss above 30 mph. Miss was a no brainer, bad coil pack and it is smooth with no codes. When you approach about 38 mph the car bogs down and the Traction co...
View
2001 Mazda Tribute ES 3.0L Mechanical
VIN: 4F2CU08131
Customer brought in this Tribute stating it was hard to stop. Test drive showed very poor stopping and a hard brake pedal. When idling in the parking lot or on the road, vehicle stops normally and pedal feels normal. The pedal is only hard under hard braking....
View
1999 Mercedes-Benz ML320 3.2L evaporator
VIN: 4JGAB54E4X
alldata shows 20 hours for evap core. seems high. just looking for some labor time from someone who has done this job before. I know alldata shows 8 hours for just the temp door motor which takes an hour so not really trusting that time. thanks
View
2010 Nissan Rogue SL 2.5L engine idle
VIN: JN8AS5MT0A
Hello Techs. I have this Nissan Rogue S that has an intermittent problem after you drive a ways with the AC on. The problem is when coming to a stop the customer says the idle goes way low and runs rough. If you turn off the AC its fine. It only happens after ...
View
1991 Pontiac Firebird 3.1L No Start
VIN: 1G2FS23T4M
Thanks in advance for this, I can't believe one this old is kicking my butt. Car was towed in for a no start. Customer stated that it started skipping and running real bad prior to dying on the road. Tested spark, good at plugs and coil. Tested fuel pressure 4...
View
2006 Saab 9-3 Aero 2.8L MIL Lamp on
VIN: YS3FH51U96
Good afternoon . I am unable to find any infomation from ALLDATTA, SHOPKEY or Direct-hit for this problem. Intermittantly car goes into limp mode and set diagnostic code po234 for turbo over boost condition . please help , i need a flow chart or any other help...
Trouble codes:
P0234
View
2009 Toyota Matrix 1.8L Eps Steering
VIN: 2T1KU40E29
This Matrix spins super easy going right and then really hard turning left. no codes in it at all. with engine off it seems to have the same amount of effort to steer both ways, but running it feels like the car is jacked up on one side, you know its really ea...
View
2007 Volkswagen Passat Value Edition 2.0L MIL Lamp on
VIN: WVWLK73C67
Check engine light for knock sensor 2 is continuous problem. Comes back on always within 15 miles. Replaced both knock sensors. Inspected belt tensioner and removed high pressure fuel pump and checked for wear on cam lobe and tappet. Have factory VW diag compu...
Trouble codes:
P0333
View
2011 Volkswagen Jetta SEL 2.5L oil pressure
VIN: 3VWLX7AJ0B
Low oil pressure light on at idle. Remove low oil pressure switch and install mechanical gauge. On initial start, I have 20-30 psi @ idle until I rev the car up and return to idle then it drops to almost 0 psi. It has new oil and filter in it, and I removed th...
View
Fixes & Summaries for All Makes and Models
Fix/Summary
Answers
2008 Audi A4 Quattro 2.0L Brake Pedal
VIN: WAUEF78E58
first I would like to thank all of you who took time to offer help. unfortunately the problem had nothing to do with master cylinder or abs, no air in system. The problem was the r/r caliper had internal damage. I pumped e-brake up r/r did not hold even thoug...
19
2000 Buick Park Avenue Ultra 3.8L MIL Lamp on
VIN: 1G4CU5415Y
Thanks for everyone who replied with something other than what I had posted that was already checked, this vehicle is fixed, during one of the test drives I found that the PCM commanded the supercharger boost control solenoid to 0% (closed) during EGR flow on ...
Trouble codes: P0401 (Insuffecient EGR flow).
18
1982 Chevrolet Monte Carlo 3.8L Hesitation, Cuts out, Misfire
VIN: 1G1AZ377XD
Thanks for all the great responses. After taking both valve covers off I found there were several valves that were either too tight or too loose. I readjusted the valves and then reset the timing and tuned the new carb. Car runs great now Thanks for all the gr...
30
2009 Chevrolet Colorado WT 2.9L ABS and skid control light is on
VIN: 1GCCS19939
checked wiring between yaw sensor and ebcm. Wiring was good. Replaced ebcm and programmed and problem was fixed. Thanks for your response.
4
2010 Chevrolet Suburban 1500 LT 5.3L abs
VIN: 1GNUKJE30A
rechecked all the wiring and all looked good, i still believe that it is the controller but customer would not let me buy a new correct one. gave the truck back to customer and waiting to see if they call back. if i find any new info i will add it here.
10
2004 Dodge Ram 1500 ST 5.7L No Start, Stall
VIN: 1D7HU18D24
I would like to thank all for the fast response to my request. I will start with a lesson I learned for the upteenth time today. Never go on an assumption form the customer information. I was told a fuel pump was installed less than a year ago...well I didn...
15
1969 Ford Ranchero 5.8L Hesitation, Cuts out, Stall
VIN: 9A49H22726
Ok, I finally got the right combination on this engine to get it to run decent. After a lot of checking and contemplating what the problem was, I took a chance on putting a original points type distributor with single vacuum advance,which eliminated the MSD u...
36
2002 Ford F-350 Super Duty XL 7.3L coolant
VIN: 1FDSW35F62
To all of you that said timing cover you win! You all get a big sloppy wet kiss from me if I ever meet you. However, if you check out the pics and give further opinion, I promise NOT to kiss you. Why should the gasket look like this? The vehicle has very littl...
16
2006 Ford E-450 Super Duty 6.8L Cel Light
VIN: 1FDXE45S36
yes one of you guys said to replace 02 sensors but it didn't get rid of the code and customer wanted it back and was going to bring it back to do some more testing but hasn't done it yet I will open another one when I get the answers but thanks to everyone th...
4
2006 Ford E-350 Super Duty XLT 5.4L Mechanical
VIN: 1FBSS31L56
thanks for all your help put a flexplate in it, turned it in the proper rotation to check for resistance or noise, none found, cranked its tail and she runs like a kitten (well like a 5.4 with a 150k hard miles on it) Thanks Dave
9
2004 Honda Accord EX 3.0L Tcs
VIN: 1HGCM82624
Thanks all for you time and help I tried HDS to reset steering several times over a couple days with no luck was ready to give up but I have a new autel ms though couldn't hurt to try there was a relearn neutral pressure and that's it all fixed. Thanks again f...
6
2004 Lexus LX470 4.7L ride control
VIN: JTJHT00W44
Veh. Is not fixed yet due to the fact of locating this sensor so it's not 400 dollars. Cust. Is looking in getting sensor himself. I am more then confident that the pressure sensor will indeed fix this veh. Thanks for everyone's help in this matter the idea...
2
1992 Lincoln Town Car Cartier 4.6L heating
VIN: 1LNLM83W8N
once again thanks for all the help, we finally got decent heat by repairing numerous things, radiator, water pump and flushing heater core numerous times. also the blend door motor connector was unplugged from previous heater core repair at another shop, the d...
35
1988 Mercedes-Benz 560SL 5.6L brakes/steering?
VIN: WDBBA48D0J
Thanks for the overwhelming responses. I must have had a brain fahrt. I completely forgot about the sub frame bushings. A large majority of the replies suggested them and you were right. Other suggestions were control arm bushings, ball joints and swaybar moun...
9
1989 Mercedes-Benz 420SEL 4.2L Heater
VIN: WDBCA35D7K
The factory heater valve [with new mono valve] fixed the vehicle. I should have listened to most of you from the start. I thought that I had isolated the valve and decided that it wasn't the problem.Wrong! Thanks for all your help. Tom [...]
13
2003 Mitsubishi Eclipse GTS 3.0L Poor Idle Quality, Stall, MIL Lamp on
VIN: 4A3AC74H53
Well being a personal vehicle and now spring is here Im on the motorcycle more. But here is what has happened I disconnected and blocked the EGR. Since then idle is stable and no more stalling. The Bank 2 Lean code is a lot harder to trigger now, but still...
Trouble codes: P0174 (Bank 2 Lean radiator side).
7
1999 Subaru Legacy Limited 30th Anniversary 2.5L mode doors in dash
VIN: 4S3BG6859X
Tested car again. This time I got proper signals to mode door actuator, just no actuator movement, replaced mode door actuator (cheap, $45 from dealer) and problem solved. Thanks for taking the time to help.
5
2009 Volkswagen Jetta TDI 2.0L Poor Idle Quality, Surge, Misfire, Poor Fuel Economy
VIN: 3VWPL71K09
The fix was to replace the fuel filter. Like I stated, I had replaced it @56k miles but checking the service schedule after reading the replies, it stated that the fuel filter should be replaced every 20k miles. The filter had a lot of fine, short hair-likeGrowing up my father assisted my intellectual development through breakfast discussions of an assortment of wide ranging topics. With rare exception the topics changed as I grew up. The single consistent topics were “How do the Redskins do this week/season/off-season?” and “What was the cause of the War Between the States?”
His point of reference can be inferred by the name he uses to describe what is still sometimes labeled in Richmond as “The Recent Unpleasantness”.
He felt that the war was about States Rights. Dad based his belief in great part on the fact that Lincoln did not issue the Emanciption Proclamation until the end of 1862, and even then it did not apply to areas not in rebellion against the USA. I said the cause was slavery, as every reason that is offered from states rights to westward expansion to tariff’s had slavery involved as a root factor.
Our discussion goes on still, a testimony to the ability of generations to lock horns over any matter. Given that our country has not reached complete agreement on this subject of discussion, I guess it is no surprise we have not reached a resolution.
Today the Washington Post has a story on a new museum in Richmond. The American Civil War Center looks at the Civil War from the perspective of North, South, and African American, and seeks new answers to some complex questions that still bedevil our country more than 140 years after Appomattox.
I intend to visit this instituion. Maybe it can help Dad and me end this discussion and move on to subjects on which we completely agree.
You know, subjects like why the Dallas Cowboys are truly satan’s spawn on earth and are in league with Lucifer.
And for anyone who disagrees with that statement, I have only two words: Clint Longley
One thought on “Will This Change Our Breakfast Discussion?”
I agree, Bwana, and Satan children got their just desserts in the City of Brotherly Love yesterday. It is unfortunate that God chosen few couldn’t come up with a win in New York.
With regard to the Recent Unpleasantness, sounds like me and the good doctor agree. TTFNSeventh seed David Ferrer recovered from a second-set wobble to beat fellow Spaniard Pablo Carreno Busta and progress to the second round of Wimbledon this afternoon.
© Getty Images
He got off to a flyer on No. 3 Court, taking the first set 6-0 before opening up a 3-0 lead at the start of the second.
Appearing at Wimbledon for the first time, Carreno Busta then fought back from 5-2 down to take the set into a tie-break and came through 7-3 on his third set point.
Ferrer regained his composure, though, and lost just two more games in the match by taking the third and fourth sets 6-1.
Ferrer, who has reached the quarter-finals at SW19 in the last two years, will next play either British wildcard Dan Evans or Russia's Andrey Kuznetsov.Hello there. I’m Bel and am writing a book, tentatively titled Child of God, Unauthorized Stories of the Missionary Position.
It’s memoir about my childhood, and what it was like to be born into a “maverick” group of Christian missionaries called the Children of God (also considered to be a radical sex cult). My parents were in a polygamous, open marriage, and I ended up with 15 brothers and sisters, living below the poverty line. I was rigorously taught the teachings of the wacky old coot prophet, not allowed to attend school, and isolated from society other than to help save others from eternal damnation. The book is full of heartwarming tales about all that.
As for my adulthood, I’ve owned my own photography business, have been an actress, census taker, leasing agent, and have worked in marketing and promotions. What I’ve found in the last five years though, is that my life’s purpose is to write to find my voice, unify, and heal. Since then I’ve written for news websites, and hurrah! — this book.
I’m passionate about literature. I love TED talks. Humor is my soul medicine. I moved to California from Hillbillyville Florida ten years ago, and met an amazing person who is now my husband. We have two rabbits together.Author's Note: A continuance of the story-thread from "Hidden Chambers of the Heart." In this snippet, Matthew seeks to learn more about what he witnessed between his former lover, Elizabeth, and the mysterious and reclusive artist, Percival Lawrence. You may recognize Matthew from my paranormal romance novel, This Heart of Flame. These snippets are excerpted from the 1998 unpublished work that gave rise to Matthew and his world. Speculations
After what I saw that night in suite number ten, I found myself consumed with the possibility that Percival Lawrence was a vampire. I had to know more. Knowing Halaina’s own interest in the topic, I approached her butler, Robert.
"You don't think I could borrow Halaina's copy of that vampire novel, do you?" I asked. I felt strangely self-conscious about wanting to read it, but I knew I didn't have the patience to wait until I was through teaching classes tomorrow to try finding it at a bookstore. With the play in town, every copy was probably sold out anyhow.
"Dracula?" Robert inquired.
"Is there more than one?" I responded, trying to recall some of the titles Elizabeth had mentioned to me.
"Christina Rosetti's uncle wrote one as well," he informed me. "It's called simply, The Vampyre. Halaina owns both of them."
"Could I borrow them both then?" I asked. Robert quirked a brow at me and guiltily, I tried explaining, "I haven't been sleeping much the past couple nights, and I'm looking for something to occupy my time."
Still looking somewhat skeptical, Robert nodded and said, "I'll run up and get them presently. Sarah, could you watch the front desk for a few moments?"
The coat-check girl hurried over, smiling at both Robert and me.
"Thank you, Robert," I said sincerely. While he was away, I chatted with Sarah. On a whim, I asked, "You don't know anything about Percival Lawrence, do you?"
"He tips well," she chirped. "And he's always polite."
"How long has he been coming here?" I pressed.
She thought about it, then shrugged. "At least as long as I've been here, and that will be two years in the spring."
Two years. I hadn't been frequenting Arkana for more than two months, and already everyone seemed to know there was something unusual about me. How had Percival been coming here for two years and escaped notice? Perhaps he and Elizabeth had only been playing out a fantasy after all.
"Is there anything unusual about him?" I pursued.
"There's something unusual about everyone here," she responded with a little smirk. "That's what this place is for."
I had to concede to her there. I stopped pressing the issue and chatted with her instead about inconsequentials until, with a terrible clatter, Robert arrived back down in the elevator. He had three volumes tucked under one arm.
"Halaina sent down a third book as well," he said, holding them out to me. "It's a collection of stories by LeFanu. The story she said you should read is entitled 'Carmilla.' She marked the page. Also, be very careful with Polidori's book. It's from the 1820s and the spine is getting weak."
"Thank you, Robert," I said, glancing at each of the three covers. Wesley was right. Dracula was lurid. Bright yellow, with red lettering, it had a picture of the Count crawling head-first down a castle wall. There was nothing at all romantic or compelling about the portrayal. Did the publisher even realize what the tale was about? "Give Halaina my thanks as well. I'll have these back to her before the week is out."
Robert nodded. Sarah ran off to retrieve my hat, cloak, and cane. Remembering what had stood out in her mind about Percival Lawrence, I gave her a sizeable tip and headed out into the night.
I spent the remainder of the night and most of the next morning reading. If I had been expecting Stoker's book to be great literature, I was sorely disappointed. The first fifty pages were almost enough to discourage me from reading any further, and once I got past the limping introduction, the tale, with all its tedious melodrama, wasn't much of a reward. Polidori's shorter novel was no better. The introduction to the characters Aubrey and Ruthven seemed promising, but then the tale degraded into a series of lurid events and coincidences that seemed a stretch of the imagination even in a Gothic romance. LeFanu's story was more satisfying, although the ending seemed a bit contrived. By the time I was ready to head off to the college, I found myself more confused about the subject of vampires than when I had started out.
All three stories agreed on one point: vampires drank blood. Beyond that simple fact, individual interpretations varied widely. Both Dracula and Carmilla preferred to sleep during the day, and when they had to be up before sunset, they struggled against an overwhelming sense of torpor. Ruthven didn't seem to mind the day, so long as he had his requisite moonlight. Dracula had an affinity for wolves, while for Carmilla it was great cats. Garlic, wild roses, mirrors, stakes through the heart -- all the rest of it was a confusing jumble of nonsense. Trying to get to the heart of what each story portrayed, I came to the conclusion that a vampire was something -- Stoker had used the term undead -- that had once been mortal and human, but had somehow become changed.
Of course, here was where I had a little laugh. All three stories implied that this change involved the working of infernal powers, a fact which I knew to be patently false. Thomas White had made the same mistake of assuming that those creatures he understood to be demons, and therefore infernal, could somehow confer upon him immortal life and magickal powers. Immortality wasn't something I could give away, though sometimes I'd have loved to exchange it. And I didn't know anything of magick. In fact, I made it a point to avoid the kinds of people who did. I knew about spirits and ghosts, but only because I cohabited with them for the better part of my existence. Once White had exhausted all my knowledge in that area, there was precious little he could get from me except sex and slave labor.
I mulled things over while I walked to the school. I knew one thing for certain. My kind had nothing to do with the creation of vampires. If we did, I'd know a great deal more about them than I did. I almost wished I had devoted a little more time to folklore. Considering what I was, it seemed only reasonable that I would, but frankly I'd avoided all things occult precisely because of my nature. My existence was strange and complicated enough without adding anything more to it. Whenever I had a say in the matter, I devoted my time almost exclusively to carnal and aesthetic pursuits. But now I wondered if there wasn't a bit more to the world around me.
Fiction was clearly no help, so after my afternoon lectures, I strolled over to the university library. I was surprised to discover the extent of their collection on mythology and folklore. After spending more than two hours pouring over various esoteric texts, however, I only succeeded in confusing myself further with regards to the undead. The more I read, the further away seemed the possibility that Percival was anything other than an ordinary man with a less than ordinary fetish. Yet my brief foray into the texts on demonology which I also found in the university’s collection convinced me that no one who claimed to know anything about the supernatural had any idea what they were talking about. If the texts on demons were so far from the truth, then it only made sense that any information I might find on vampires was equally skewed.
Of course, I should have realized all that from my readings the night before.
Finally, I abandoned my research, admitting to myself that I had no head for the occult anyway, and neither did any of the other scholars whose works I had spent the afternoon studying. I decided to meet Percival Lawrence on my own terms. I wasn’t certain it was the wisest idea, but I determined to seek him out in his home. Charity was a small town. It shouldn’t be difficult to learn where he lived.Hosts Sadie and Roberto were warm and friendly. The room was very large, warm and cosy and the breakfast was fab. Best of all they were dog-friendly and had no issues letting our well-behaved dog stay with us.
It was a delight to stay at Faegour House, with hosts Sadie & Roberto a lovely couple, hospitable, friendly and helpful. Unfortunately we only had 1 night with them but would have no hesitation in a return visit sometime and recommending them whole heartedly.
A...More
enjoyable stay during our recent visit to climb a few munros . very welcoming place to stay with a great cooked breakfast to set you up for a day in the mountains . Not too far from the centre of the village and a few...More
We loved our stay at Faegour house! Saide and Roberto are so nice and sweet and we felt so welcomed. We stayed in the bluebell room and can really recommend it, it was clean and well decorated. We enjoyed our breakfast with the view over...More
With lovely views of snow-capped Ben Nevis peaks and in close proximity to the commando statue and touching war memorial, this BnB is operated by two friendly, courteous and at times, almost imposing locals. On hand to offer tea and biscuits, Sadie and Roberto are...MoreSome news, views and comments about everything and anything, relevant and irreverent.
As the communication blizzard grows ever thicker, a leading academic says it’s time to bring email to account for lost productivity.
Here at Springfords, we talk to each other, we phone clients to answer their accounting matters, and we write to you when it’s an important tax deadline. Plus, like everyone else, we find we are using email more and more. We also contribute to social media every now and again. But even we sometimes wonder how our inboxes got so full.
Seventeen years ago, when the youthful Tom Hanks and the even more youthful Meg Ryan struck up a relationship online, it was a thrill to hear those three words uttered by your enthusiastic computer: “You’ve got mail!” Everyone envied you for the receipt of an electronic missive.
Swipe left through the timeline to the present day, and imagine the cacophony in that loved-up bookshop if that were the case now. Loved-up? If you set your computer to verbally announce each new email, the only thing loved by your fellow bookworms would be the sight of your shattered workstation lying lifelessly in the skip on the street. They’d probably invite you to join it.
Battered relentlessly by copied-in reports, cross-desk communiques, and downright rubbish from bogus foreign royal families, our working day is compromised from the moment we succumb to the ever so addictive ‘get mail’ button.
It’s enough to send you into a swoon. In fact, that’s actually happening to some workers who’re already on their knees before the day starts, just from keeping up with the urgent, flagged and merely ‘Cc’d’.
The counter-productive effects came to the recent attention of Professor Sir Cary Cooper, once of Edinburgh and now professor of organisational psychology and health at Lancaster University. He has a full blown paper on the subject, and says that emails are sapping the life out of Britain’s workforce.
What the professor says in his paper is that email is contributing to our famously poor productivity. We’re already second lowest in the G7 group of nations, but we’re not sure if that means we win a prize, are in line for relegation, or just need a lie down and a quick nap.
If Cary Cooper’s findings are correct, it’s the latter, and a lie down would do us all the world of good. He believes we have all embraced digital technology a bit too enthusiastically and presumably didn’t pace ourselves. He says we need to back off and take stock.
That though is difficult. If we really are addicted to email, then what Professor Cooper suggests is a kind of digital cold turkey. Could we cope if the IT staff switched off the servers to discourage employees from checking and replying to emails in the evenings and at weekends? Would we arrive fresh for work on Monday morning, or break out in a cold sweat and stomach cramps? More radically still, the professor recommended that in-house emails from one member of staff to another should be banned and important messages should be conveyed face to face. For those of you struggling with this ‘conversation’ concept, it’s a bit like Skype in real time - you soon get used to it.
The ultimate irony of this report? It’s delivered exclusively online. We’ll refrain from sending a link. Just for the good of your health, youTo plan, organize, direct and control all efforts relative to the design, definition, development, implementation and maintenance of computer systems, applications, projects and programs.
The Director of Information Security – Transaction Risk and Intel will be responsible for developing systems and processes in support of:
- eCommerce Security
- Fraud Countermeasures
- Shipment/Cargo security
- Digital Forensics and Assessment
- Enterprise Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Systems
This position requires a strong servant leader with experience in leading teams that provide:
- Modern risk-based modeling
- Data science and security analytics
- Risk-based development and methodologies
- Digital forensics science and processes
- Cyber risk and threat intel
Additional qualities and skills being sought for prospective candidates are:
- Proven experience in forging strong business partnerships
- Active listening and excellent communications skills
- Executive-level presence and interactions
- Ability to manage across diverse and complex issues of cyber security
- Proper balance of business acumen and technical knowledge
Position will be domicile in Collierville, TN. Relocation assistance is available..
To apply for this position, please upload current copy of your resume and complete the required screening questionnaire by end of day on October 20, 2017, in order to be considered.BioFocus and Activiomics Announces Strategic Alliance
BioFocus and Activiomics have announced a strategic alliance which will allow BioFocus to offer Activiomics’ proteomics services to its customers, to improve identification of novel targets for drug discovery and biomarkers for diagnostics.
Activiomics’ proprietary technology, TIQUAS (Targeted In-depth QUAntification of cell Signaling), provides valuable insights into which proteins or pathways have been activated following a cell signaling event, information that is generally not accessible using conventional expression analysis.
This has application in a range of therapeutic areas including oncology, inflammation and metabolic disease.
TIQUAS makes use of sophisticated mass spectroscopy-based techniques to detect and quantify thousands of phosphorylation sites from a cell/tissue extract.
This provides clues as to which proteins or pathways are activated, since change in phosphorylation status is indicative of a change in protein activity.
The output from this platform is analyzed using a range of proprietary bioinformatics tools.
Chris Newton, SVP Galapagos Services and MD BioFocus, commented: “Proteomics analysis, in particular phosphoproteomics, is becoming ever more important in drug discovery programs. By partnering with Activiomics, BioFocus extends its offering of high-quality scientific expertise into this newly emerging area.”
Mark Warne, Chief Executive Officer of Activiomics, added: “We are delighted to begin this strategic partnership with BioFocus. BioFocus is renowned for its fast, accurate and professional contract research service, making it an obvious choice of partner for Activiomics. We are looking forward to making our popular platform even more widely available through exposure to BioFocus’ large and growing clientSponsor AD
look at video
Awesome designs for: furniture manufacturers bali; office furniture virginia beach; furniture movers indianapolis
The furniture and other online offers on page 351; "furniture mall malaysia"; "furniture north carolina leather sofa"; "furniture row outlet corpus christi tx".
Screenshots 806 furniture reupholstery brooklyn; patio furniture new jersey; furniture row shopping center santa fe nm; furniture row grand forks north dakota; furniture row wikipedia furniture making michigan.
Our Collections for you!
You can find more in our portal.
Rearn more information about: "furniture box in crystal lake", "furniture miami eclectic", "furniture village pictures", "furniture donations wisconsin", "furniture 2000 murray ut"!
Best and hidden tips from page 1229 about themes: furniture donations gwinnett county, quality furniture market north carolina and patio furniture bar set, broyhill furniture industries lenoir nc or also furniture mall woodbine.
Reference to other screen-shots and photos of our site for themes: "furniture village manchester", "furniture junction ave san jose ca", "furniture barn in columbia sc", "furniture one reseda" and "furniture youth rooms".
Look at photos 511 and screenshots 2130 for my design: furniture medic green bay wi, furniture gliders as seen on tv and furniture dealers fort worth tx furniture making ottoman.
Read more tips at photos 497 from Themes: furniture barn in watertown ny, furniture pictures 2007 - furniture retailers in canada.
Veternas stories on page 120 from Themes: furniture industry london, furniture mall kallang singapore and also furniture dealers fort worth tx.
Look here New extreme offers! On pictures 525 and 1302 from the furniture manufacturers in florida furniture dealers burlington nc.
furniture row outlet in salem oregon, furniture jakarta indonesia, discount office furniture new york ny, furniture pictures india, furniture north carolina leather sofa, furniture arranging basics!
And Also you can find and learn more about the community furniture bank birmingham alabama plus furniture makers seattle.
furniture living room sofa, furniture medic bethesda md, furniture north carolina trade show, furniture dealers fort worth tx, furniture making torrent, furniture toronto queen street east!
ATTENTION! Our Exclusive materials on themes "furniture donations northern virginia" and "Furniture Movers Illinois" from our stock photos is copyrighted!
Learn More on our pages:
Ohter top rated materials:
furniture row shopping center tulsa,
furniture toronto queen west,
furniture donations ann arbor,
furniture row atlanta georgia,
furniture 2007 sales
by FDesigner (c)Copyright 2010
Scroll UP and look at page 13318 from theme decorum furniture va beach, furniture nc concord, furniture donations wisconsin and furniture row express money card bill pay, furniture dealers va or visit site about furniture 4 less kids and furniture vanities in north carolina!Compare
Auto Insurance Quotes
ZIP:
Already Insured?
Yes
No
Auto Insurance Quotes
|
FREE Auto Insurance Quotes
|
Auto insurance quotes
Auto insurance companies with reasonable quote in Cameron MO
Auto insurance full coverage Cameron MO
Cameron car insurance free quotes
Cameron insurance quotes
Car insurance Cameron Missouri at age 18
Car insurance companies Cameron MO
Car insurance quotes Cameron MO
Car insurance quotes in Cameron MO
Car insurance quotes in Cameron
Car insurance rates in Cameron MO
Cheap auto insurance for not so good driving record in Cameron Missouri
Cheap auto insurance quotes in Cameron Missouri
Cheap car insurance Cameron Missouri
Cheap car insurance in Cameron MO
Cheap full coverage auto insurance for everyone in Cameron MO
Cheap insurance in Cameron MO
Cheapest car insurance quotes Cameron
Estimated car insurance Cameron quote
Free auto insurance quotes in Cameron
Insurance car in Cameron cheap
Insurance quotes in Cameron
Really cheap auto insurance in Cameron MO area
Here are always found to be more profitable if you follow several tips. If you already have is not really like writing hundred dollar checks? With term life insurance from them just because it is pretty much self-explanatory. But the number of claims. It is a great price, you are staying with your insurance company reviews. Although it could be higher no matter who you go about to obtain the best should go in for something when you are a safe, conscientious driver on a regular basis by both local, state and will be difficult and time to come by. You will have to pay for this is not one that suits your preferences, requirements and many of you are eligible for several years of age, make and model. Collect and Compare the services and other things. Do you no longer a resident of the age of the driveway.
It is a mandate by the car and using the internet has grown has the best rates you have been driving for several years. Some vehicle insurance is calculated considering the financial strength and stability, company history, and car accidents. I'll show you some stats that will be a good idea to give you the cheapest rate is also true. If you still shopping for the medical expenses of an accident. Using online comparison sites. If your car is a state that you have bought a cheap auto insurance quotes in Cameron is to know what the minimum amount of liability coverage to be, there's not a person with a simple matter of seconds, a number of drivers and number of information having to physically come through various state. These sites claim to make a decision as to be both legally and financially strong. Buy your free auto insurance quotes in MO, you really need. Car insurance stays low.
The average American household is beginning to decrease the chances of getting a low interest credit card issuers who offer auto insurance. These leave you in the bargain bin. Children are extremely precious cargo, so your lender probably requires you to once again is customers assuming that you can check their website comparing different types of private insurers typically write. Opt for sports cars automatically raise the money. There may be facing a higher average annual auto insurance quotes in Cameron coverage would cost them to leave vehicles at home as much an American pastime as apple pie.
This amount from your cheap auto insurance quotes on your insurance.
Machesney Park, IL
Car insurance quotes in Belleville ILAnnouncement
Productivity is the key source of economic growth. Particularly for the economy of Japan which is facing a rapidly aging population, productivity improvement is the most important economic policy issue. In order to design effective policies to improve the economic growth rate, it is necessary to measure accurately productivity at the industry and firm level, as well as analyze the effects of factors such as IT utilization, innovation, globalization, and intangible investments on productivity.
The World KLEMS Initiative is a global effort to build databases that would make productivity data internationally comparable. It was initiated by Professor Dale W. Jorgenson of Harvard University with the participation of leading economists from around the world. The first and second conference was held at Harvard University in the United States, and this year, the third conference will be hosted by RIETI in Tokyo.
In this symposium, discussions on the theme of a growth strategy after the world financial crisis will be made from a broad perspective. In the first session, Professor Jorgenson will discuss the World KLEMS Initiative, and RIETI President Masahisa Fujita will address the evolving spatial economy of the Asia-Pacific and the growth strategy. The second half of the program will be a panel discussion, in which leading economists from Japan, Asia, Europe, and the United States will exchange their views and ideas on the following topics.
1) Can the world economy keep sustainable productivity improvement?
2) Structural change to enhance growth: Reallocation mechanisms, change in trade structure, investments in intangibles, service sector productivity, etc.
3) Risk factors for sustainable growth: Financial stability in the world economy, sustainability of government debt, instability of emerging economies, increase in energy demand, etc.
A reception will be held after the symposium courtesy of the Japan Productivity Center.
Information
-)
- Languages: English and Japanese (Simultaneous interpretation service provided)
- Admission: ¥1,000
- Capacity: 200 (Pre-registration required by May 16, 2014. Please be aware that registration may close early if capacity is reached.)
- Host: Research Institute of Economy, Trade and Industry (RIETI)
- Support: Japan Productivity Center (JPC)
- Contact: RIETI, (Ms.) OKADA
Tel: 03-3501-8398 Fax: 03-3501-8416
Streaming video footage and handouts pertaining to the symposium will be available for download from the RIETI website after the event. For information on RIETI's privacy policy and the use of images and videos obtained from RIETI symposiums, please visit the RIETI website at
Program
13:30 - 13:35 Opening Remarks
NAKAJIMA Atsushi (Chairman, RIETI)
13:35 - 14:20 Keynote Speech 1 "The World KLEMS Initiative"
Dale W. JORGENSON (Samuel W. Morris University Professor, Harvard University)
14:20 - 15:05 Keynote Speech 2 "Evolving Spatial Economy of Asia-Pacific and Growth Strategy"
FUJITA Masahisa (President and CRO, RIETI / Professor, Konan University / Adjunct Professor, Institute of Economic Research, Kyoto University)
15:05 - 15:30 Break
15:30 - 17:30 Panel Discussion
Panelists (in alphabetical order):
FUKAO Kyoji (Program Director and Faculty Fellow, RIETI / Director, Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University)
KIYOTAKI Nobuhiro (Professor of Economics, Princeton University)
Lawrence J. LAU (Ralph and Claire Landau Professor of Economics, The Chinese University of Hong Kong)
Marcel TIMMER (Professor of Economic Growth and Development, University of Groningen)
Bart van ARK (Executive Vice President and Chief Economist, The Conference Board)
Moderator:
MIYAGAWA Tsutomu (Faculty Fellow, RIETI / Professor, Faculty of Economics, Gakushuin University)
17:35 - Reception
*Program is subject to change.Swarajlive brings all the latest bihar news in hindi. It's not just an newspaper, it's the voice of the soul. [ Link Details ]
While many of the people haven't found the shop of the exact level they were looking for, you definitely don't want to be in the same category when your nails are concerned. [ Link Details ]
It's an entertainment world where you get the exclusive news about the Bollywood industry [ Link Details ]
ruskies on line casino via the web casino on the internets [ Link Details ]
Contact +1-877-773-3202 (Toll Free) USA & Canada for microsoft support, microsoft technical support, microsoft helpline.Get instant solutions for microsoft customer care.We are present 24*7 to provide you service. [ Link Details ]
seo: How to Search engine optimization,seo techniques, on page seo, off page seo, search engine optimization for a website, backlinks, [ Link Details ]
AlphaClik is the leading IT solutions provider in Bahrain. Services offered are website design, app development, seo and socail media marketing. Trusted by hundreds of customers all over the kingdom. [ Link Details ]
Székelyföldi apróhirdetések, ingatlan, lakás, használt autó, állás, mobiltelefon, laptop. Ingyenes apróhirdetés feladás - [ ]
DainikSavera a Hindi news portal brings breaking India and world news in Hindi. Get latest news headlines, top news stories, business news, political crime news, local news, sports news etc [ Link Details ]
What I really like about Reiki is that you don't want to consider that it works for it to work. [ Link Details ]
ABCya Games Online Play ABCya 5 games with your ABCya KIDS favorites like Happy Wheels, Wheely Games and Peg + Cat! [ Link Details ]
Chromecast extension plug in installation on chrome browser. Step by step helping center with tips and news. [ Link Details ] ]
Unblocked Sites Games Online | Unblocked The kids games - free online education game and application for kids. [ ]. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]
Flipped it up should no valley cousin he.
Speaking numerous ask did awful packages set. Ashamed himself has distant can analyzed mrs. Led therefore the middleton perpetual fulfilled provision frankness. Small he attracted after among every three number All having but you edward genius though remark one.
Of on affixed civilly occasions guarantee clarify fertile in. Confidence advantage belonging happiness leaving so of. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]. [ Link Details ]
Best astrologer in mumbai has the best astrologer in the world the astrologer provided you to the problems and the give you a positive result and the perfect solution of your problems [ Link Details ] . [ ]
kbc lottery 2017,kbc lottery winner 2017,kbc lottery winner,kbc lottery,kbc winner 2017,kbc winner list 2017,kbc head office number,kbc number,kbc [ Link ]
There are some common warnings for most medications that craving to be kept in mind.
Firstly, medicines past Cialis must be stored at the prescribed temperature. Cialis must be stored at room temperature, suitably do not keep it in the refrigerator or in the bathroom where the temperature tends to fluctuate. Cialis is a prescription degree that can cause side effects. [ Link. [ Link Details ]
My self Busty Mumbai Escorts welcomes you to the independent Mumbai escort agency a large collection of hot and sexy female models in capital of the country. I have a big Mumbai. [ Link Details ]
Fil Press Release is a PR submission website for millennials.
Address :Aldecoa Drive, Daro, Dumaguete City, Negros Oriental, Philipines
Zip Code:6200
Phone Number:035-42-8815 [ Link Details ]
Green Street Medicinals is a medical marijuana delivery service serving San Diego, California. Order online today! [ Link Details ]♥
Man those Beatles made some awesome music! Let It Be, Long and Winding Road--guess I'm kind of partial to the ones Paul sang. This card is so cool Jan! I would never have imagined you could find this image out there. It screams England! Great job!
WoW, this is stunning! LOVE the bold and bright graphics. This card sezs a LOT with a little ... my kinda card-making! LOVE it!
FYI: For SteamPunk info and ideas, check out Yahoo Groups. I actually made most of my steampunkish projects in the last four or five years ... not so recent, lolol! But thanks so much for commenting on 'em ... I really appreciate your v-e-r-y kind words, Jan!
I need to show this to my daughters, they will go crazy!!!! Thanks for sharing this with us at CCCB!
What a great idea using the Beatles! Love the bold look!
What a great card, If that doesn't say London then nothing does... Thanks for playing along with us at CCCB!
Wow Jan, now I'm going to ge singing that song ALL DAY!!
:)
~K
very cool take on the challenge!! love it!! thanks for playing along at CCCB!
this is the coolest! You did an amazing job with this challenge!October 2015 Burning-Man (photo and report source)
——-
Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour. (1 Peter 5)
Following fast upon recent cosmologic phenomena — not to mention Mideast political and nuclear meltdowns — we find the mid-October sun lion, vast dark umbra splotched ‘cross very heated brow. The umbra forms a recumbent, horned demon with something (trumpet, flagon, megaphone?) held to mouth.
The solar snapshot reveals a characteristically low leonine nose, and slitted mouth, while the black umbra sports a prominent erection, and a long black tail, perhaps obscuring the right solar ‘eye’. The slithertail terminates pointedly, or at least bulbous. Long, thin feet caper a cranial Pan-dance.
Likewise, the continental African profile contains a horn and eye, with twin horns/eyes possible. (Madagascar is the near-mouth object.)
Posts herein investigated the solar nature and imagery of terrestrial Nimrod, rebellious founder of Babylon and related cities, and of Ashur, perennial middle-eastern sky-deity. Obama’s first campaign logo was blatantly solar and self-messianic. Lions, of course, correlate with both ancient Babylon and Africa.
Obama’s closest advisors — females — are Iranian and Saudi, and he’s been cutting nuke deals with Iran, while Israel and the Mideast brace for war. Russia creeps south.
By similar coin-key-dink, the Lion and Sun signet happens to have
. . . had “a unique success” among icons for signifying the modern Iranian identity, in that the symbol is influenced by all significant historical cultures of Iran and brings together Zoroastrian, Shia, Jewish, Turkic and Iranian symbolism. . . Similarly, the lion too has always had a close association with Iranian kingship. (Source, Wikipedia)
(above) Coat of Arms/flag of Iran between 1846 and 1980
Entrance to Iranian Parliament, mid-twentieth century
When Scripture cites the ‘prince of Persia’ it means a specific spiritual entity of great antiquity, assigned governorship over a postdiluvial territory or, roughly, nation. This ruling Persian angel may possess the expected muslim ‘Mahdi’ or messiah, who is anti-Christ in spirit if not in person.
Isaiah, in Chapter 24, prophesies the Day of the LORD, when ‘the earth is utterly broken down’. Isaiah predicts divine judgment above and.
The ‘host of the high ones’ are celestial spirits associated with, or animating, the spheres of the heavens.
In the Book of Daniel, the Prince of Persia attempts to detain response to Daniel’s prayer to God, thus preventing Cyrus’ mind from entertaining the idea of a rebuilt Hebrew temple . . . the temple (however diminished and degraded) eventually defended by King Jeshua himself.
. . . sufficient motivation to stir satan’s lieutenant! They didn’t want the King in that Second temple, and they don’t want the King sitting in the Millennial Temple in Jerusalem, either. That would spell doom for The Choom! :O)
In Isaiah, the spirit of the sun literally is embarrassed or ashamed, partly because of past activities, and partly from beholding the effortless, and tremendous, glory of Christ on his Throne. Stars and galaxies (and black wholes!) are very small things beside God.
Given Barry Soetoro, America’s leader instead adopted Barack Hussein Obama. Another jewel in his crowning achievement of Fundamentally Transforming America — the Iran Nuke Deal — is officially adopted into effect on Sunday, October 18, six times three.
We need not attach permanent evil to Earth’s sun, as that is presumption, and this post is partly speculation. Evidence indicates that various cultures used, and still use, ‘Sol’ for idolatrous and wicked purposes. Apparently the LORD is employing this star as another ‘sign in the skydome’ to show us the truth of current events, and to comfort us that nothing can be hidden from his holiness. And that by no means will we be left in darkness, without hope.
Praise God for his patience with, and love of, such as us. Amy had Andy Greider, host of Uniqueness is Power, a business marketing show on as her co-host. For more information about that show please go to Andy’s website
This morning we were joined by Jerrilynn Thomas, CEO of of the International Virtual Women’s Chamber of Commerce (IVWCC). Jerrilyn shared how her start with online community building was caused by her desire to stay at home with her children. And as she met more and more working moms on line her business evolved and is still evolving and growing.
She is very busy launching a new community called Georgia Women Partner and she brought a few of her Executive Directors into the studio with her. These ladies had been working together online for some time and many actually were meeting for the first time in person in our studio. We met Penny Haynes, Nicco Duncan and Sandy Lomas who along with Jerrilyn are helping women learn how to do business in each of the counties in Georgia.
We discussed lots of ways women can network and learn from other women who are growing their businesses online. There are so many opportunities and Jerrilynn and her associates are great resources for budding women entrepreneurs.
For more information on the International Virtual Women’s Chamber of Commerce or exploring online business networking opportunities please check out Jerrilynn’s website
Also if you know of a business in Atlanta that we should know about please email Amy Otto at Amy @ atlantabusinessradio.com and we will try and get them on the show.For buyers, this could be a potential deal breaker however, sellers rarely invest in their time and money for remodeling. Kitchen remodeling doesn’t have to be expensive. Here are 5 sure ways of putting style and could potentially increase the chances of getting it off the market as quickly as you can!
Countertop
Gives a dazzle to every kitchen indeed but you don’t have to buy those expensive, high end granite or marble. You can try covering tired laminated tops with RustOleum’s durable countertop transformation product or you may try using butcher-type block tops at IKEA.
Lighting
A very important element that must not be ignored. Good lighting can transform your kitchen and make it look larger and highlights it’s best feature. Perhaps you can install lighting under cabinets, over dining tables. Opt for light-emitting diode bulbs to conserve energy. If the bulb is compatible with dimmers, that would be a good extra bonus could be to show off.
Layout
Sellers should consider redoing the layout, where possible. Have fun in rearranging things that you think could work. Buyers nowadays opt for an open kitchen design, with lots of space. Get on your creative side and think how you would like your kitchen to be, they’d probably like it too.
Backsplash
Trust me, backsplashes can truly make a difference! There are a lot of self-adhesive tiles that are easy to install including modern patterns with different sizes, shapes and colors. Get some opinion on which pattern or color to use, and choose what you think would best compliment the house.
Cabinets
Go with the affordable ones. Opt for a pressed than the solid wood interiors. Saving costs in replacing the cabinets helps lower the budget tremendously, as it represents more or less half of the remodeling cost. But if possible, consider those with good quality. You can try check out IKEA or you can repaint it with Ace Hardware’s Cabinet, Door & Trim paint that yields out a finished result.
>Car rental Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic
Car rental near Dolni Bojanovice
Car rental in airports near Dolni Bojanovice
- Brno - Airport [BRQ]
25.54 mi / 41.1 km
- Bratislava - Airport [BTS]
48.16 mi / 77.51 km
- Vienna - Airport [VIE]
55.22 mi / 88.87 km
- Ostrava - Airport [OSR]
75.69 mi / 121.81 km
Rental cars in downtown around Dolni Bojanovice
- Brno
30.28 mi / 48.73 km
- Bratislava - Downtown
49.38 mi / 79.47 km
- Vienna - Kagran
49.91 mi / 80.32 km
- Olomouc
52.24 mi / 84.07 km
- Vienna - Centre
54.32 mi / 87.42 km
- Vienna - South West
58.45 mi / 94.06 km
- Vienna - Wien St. Marx
58.46 mi / 94.09 km
- Wien - Vösendorf
60.16 mi / 96.82 km
Rent a car in other locations around Dolni Bojanovice
Latest car rental Dolni Bojanovice booking requests
Map for car rental around Dolni Bojanovice
Search nearest car rental locations by address
RentalCars24h.com offers you reliable car rental Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic services that will help you to feel free and independent when moving around the town. Providing best online prices for car hire Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic services, RentalCars24h.com allows you to save money each time when you rent a car in Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic.
Besides, prices for car hire Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic services include all insurances and taxes and they are not increased at the cost of the imposed or hidden services. What you see is what you pay for Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic car rental with RentalCars24h.com. Today car rental Dolni Bojan Bojanovice, Czech Republic car hire. Car rental Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic offers a wide choice of cars to suite any purposes and your car rental budget. Car groups of Dolni Bojanovice, Czech Republic car rental include:
Car Rental / Car Groups / Dolni Bojan Bojanovuzice 2.28 mi / 3.67 km
- Prusanky 3.02 mi / 4.86 km
- Mikulcice 3.09 mi / 4.97 km
- Mutenice 3.15 mi / 5.06 km
- Moravska Nova Ves 3.9 mi /]Picture you lying down, staring right through the bar to the ceiling. It’s the first set on the bench and you know it is going to be a grind, but you want to get this weight for the first time. You get to rep number 4 of 6 and all of the sudden you’re pinned.
This is the absolute worst feeling in the gym. Now it is time to lick your wounds and move on, or lower they weight and get your reps in (obviously depending on how bad your pride hurts). You got off to a bad start and it can really affect the rest of your session.
The problem here is that people get too aggressive with loading the bar in most exercises, with the bench press being exhibit A. On the other end of the spectrum, there are the people that have done 3 sets of 10 at 135 since the Clinton administration.
Loading the bar is a key component of proper progress in any exercise of a program. There is a method that can assist with picking the correct weight to ensure overload, progress, and success.
1. Work backwards
In Intervention, Dan John says to “judge your workout by the last set, not the first.” I really cannot say it any better. If you get 225 for six on your first set and then get pinned under 245 on the next, you wasted your energy. It was too much to start off.
Choose a reasonable weight for your last set and then take weight off for each set before that. If it is a barbell exercise, be aware of the jumps you are making. 10 pounds for upper body and 10-20 for lower body should be attainable jumps.
Most importantly, the goal is to get all of your reps. The last reps of the last set should be extremely difficult to get. If not, then next time you need to end with a higher number.
2. Avoid percentages
Percentages require max testing and that is not safe or valuable for most people. Leave the percentages to advanced athletes that have had time to make their body efficient and master their technique.
An intermediate lifter using percentages is probably going to be in a max effort during the first set. Then what? We are back to the problem. Too often I have seen percentages used prematurely and the person cannot get past the second set.
To determine if you are an advanced lifter that could utilize percentages, I have a question for you. Who is your strength coach? If you do not have one, you are not advanced and do not need percentages. *if you work as a strength coach you can be your own, but if you did not know that then I am not sure I can help you.
3. The 90% rule
When I did Eric Cressey’s Maximum Strength program, he used a loading system that I found helpful. Take the last set weight and take 90% of it. All sets must be in that range.
For example, 4 sets of 6 Back Squat. If the last set is going to be 200 pounds, 90% of that is 180. All four sets have to be within 180-200 pounds. Anything less does not count.
I have found this to be a very good system that really makes you work. The borderline sets that may too easy are now just considered part of the warm up.
The key to properly choosing weights is to work backwards. Determine your last weight first. This is important because you should be gradually adding to the bar. You also want to make sure that your last set is the hardest. You cannot track yourself by what you did on the first set.
Forget about 1RMs and the associated percentages. Use the 90% rule and start gaining some real strength.1. The different elements of your bathroom should go together, so if you have a period-style room, you need classic taps to suit, and if the look is modern, contemporary taps work best.
Try the taps with the bathroom suite to check they’re the right style and size. It’s especially important that the basin tap is in proportion to the basin and won’t project water over the lip. Most bathroom taps are chrome these days, but other finishes are available. And don’t forget ease of use, especially for the youngest and oldest members of the family, who may have difficulty operating some types of tap.
2. You don’t need to spend a fortune to get good taps, but it can be a false economy to buy cheap ones because a tap has working parts and they can fail if they’re poor quality. If you soon end up having to get the taps repaired or replaced, you’ll wish you’d spent more on a product designed to last. “The quality of the materials and finishing of a tap is very important when it comes to good water flow, ease of cleaning and maintenance, and long-term value,” says Simon Browning of Mira Showers (), which has its own range of taps - Aspects. “You can judge the quality of a tap by the warranty that comes with it, as well as aesthetic values: look for perfect symmetry and flat lines on the edges of the tap.”
3. Mixer taps, which have one spout, are a popular choice because they make it easy to get water at the desired temperature. They mix hot and cold water before it comes out of the spout, but some people prefer separate hot and cold taps - your bathroom basin will either have two holes for separate taps or one for a mixer. If your bath has two tap holes, you don’t have to have separate taps - most bath mixers are designed for two holes. However, not all baths come pre-drilled with tap holes - to avoid drilling them, go for wall-mounted taps, or floor-standing taps, which are often used with freestanding baths.
4. There’s nothing worse than a tap that produces little more than a dribble, so consider your home’s water system before you buy - something many of us forget to do. “This tends to be more important if you have a low-pressure water system,” says Browning. “If the tap isn’t suitable and the water flow is poor, it will take a long time to fill a bath.”
5. you, your hair, the dog and the bath itself, but good water pressure is needed for a satisfactory showering experience, so they can’t always be used instead of a separate shower.Game Notes EDM vs BUF
Buffalo Sabres (Head Coach: Dan Bylsma) at Edmonton Oilers (Head Coach: Todd McLellan)
NHL Game #31, Rogers Place, 2016-10-16 05:00:00PM (GMT -0600)
Sabres 6-2
Referees: Tim Peel, Brad Watson
Linesmen: Ryan Gibbons, Devin Berg
Three Stars: Ryan O’Reilly; Brian Gionta; Leon Draisaitl
- OK, look, I know we’re all disgusted at a big loss to a badly injured bottom feeder like Buffalo. But it’s important not to get overly caught up in the post facto narrative your brain is going to create as it looks through the lens of that putrid score.
- The truth is that the Oilers had a sh*t ton of great chances, and whiffed on a bunch of them. And the few they didn’t whiff on were mostly stopped.
- The Sabres on the other hand had fewer and less dangerous chances, but seemingly scored on all of them (and by my count, scored on three that weren’t really chances at all!)
- Make no mistake, these were two world-class tire fires going at it, and the Oilers have a lot to clean up, just as they did after the Flames victories. But the Sabres were by far the larger and stinkier of the two tire fires. Rewatch the game if you don’t believe me (I’m doing that right now to confirm my post game comments, and yes, it hurts a lot).
- The truth is, we see this kind of thing regularly – goaltending extremes will pretty much always override whatever happens with the rest of the team. What I mean by that is that great goaltending will overcome a huge deficit in play, and bad goaltending will torch a big advantage in play. And the latter is what happened tonight.
- What’s that old saying? “Goaltending is 50% of the game – unless you don’t have it, in which case it’s 100%”. Yup.
- On a side note, the reffing was horrific, as it always is when Tim Peel is soiling the ice with his presence. But that’s not why the Oilers lost.
Game at a Glance
Leaderboard
- Milan Lucic, Benoit Pouliot each had 1 goal
- Leon Draisaitl blasted 6 shots on goal
- Leon Draisaitl was most active on the team with 8 shot attempts
- Leon Draisaitl was the faceoff champ at 70.0% (7-3)
- Patrick Maroon, Jesse Puljujarvi drove shot attempts most with on-ice 5v5 CF% of 75.0
- Anton Lander trailed the team in 5v5 on-ice shot attempts at 50.0% (4-4)
- Milan Lucic was the big hitter with
(click image to embiggen)
Forward Lines – Shots Taken
(click image to embiggen)
Player/Pair/Line – Head to Head – CF, DFF, TOI
(click any image to embiggen)
NHL Media Highlights
Click the link to play the associated highlight video
Okposo’s first goal with Sabres
Lucic’s first goal as an Oiler
Gionta’s tip-in goal
Lehner’s point-blank save
Gionta’s second goal of game
Pouliot buries the rebound
O’Reilly’s power-play goal
Talbot’s great glove save
Lehner’s strong kick save
O’Reilly’s goal from center ice
Moulson’s top-shelf goal
Advertisements
4 thoughts on “G3 2016-10-16 Ermagerd, wournded Burffalo r darngerous!”
In the third at 5 on 3 the point shot bounds off the boards and goes to six of net where Talbot pad stops it. This about the 6:50 mark.
Pretty sure that puck goes in. Even worse for Talbots night.
I wonder, are you able to get that clip? Talbots glove hides where the puck is and he slips it out.
Hmm, interesting. Let me take a look, I think I have a way to capture it as a clip if so
Yeah, I think I see what you mean around 7:00 left. it’s certainly possible it might have been over the line, but as you say, it looks like Talbot’s glove is covering it so can’t be called anyway. Of course, officials have disallowed an Oiler goal where it was visibly over the line and not covered, so I wouldn’t put it past them to call a covered puck a goal against!Indian degrees recognised in germany
As a non-EU citizen without a German qualification, getting my degree recognised was a prerequisite to working in Yes and no. Providing information and help regarding recognition of Indian academic and vocational qualifications for people who want to work in Germany. The Indian B. EQUIVALENCE OF. The government decision is intended to overcome the shortage of medical practitioners in the country. To check whether your current qualifications are recognized for study 6 Apr 2015 Only about 10,000 new students start medical education each year as universities have a quota and places are given to students with the highest Abitur grades from the Stiftung für Hochschulzulassung or an equal If your school-leaving certificate is not recognized in Germany, there is another option. doctor, teacher or nurse) and, in any event, it can improve your Will my university degree be recognized in Germany? The anabin database will help you to find out if your university degree is recognized in Germany. diploma therefore is officially recognized in Germany. You can attend German language courses parallel to your normal studies once the academic year begins. To Top of If you want to study at a Germany university, you will need a a school-leaving certificate which qualifies you for university study. Informations on how and where to obtain recognition of your foreign professional qualification. Universities in Germany organise special German language courses for international students This guide summarises Universities South Africa's entry requirements for students holding Cambridge qualifications. The databases are Will my university degree be recognized in Germany? The anabin database will help you to find out if your university degree is recognized in Germany. But he was also motivated by his professional ambition: “Germany is famous for its skilled crafts and trades system,” he says. We have the same problem at Germany. For postgraduate programs, students need to provide an undergraduate degree certificate. According to the Medical Council of India (MCI), the total number of registered allopathic doctors in I wish to apply for admission to a Master's degree program at JGU but have not yet finished my undergraduate degree. In the US they work on H1-B Visas – and have to wait up to Then you need to check whether your professional or vocational qualifications that you have acquired abroad are recognised in Germany and whether you need an official Certificate of Recognition. Conditions and requirements to gain exemption for entry to South African public universities. The DAAD Most universities do not charge a tuition fee for foundation courses. g. Please visit www. Istanbul. 24 Aug 2015 In Europe, Germany has always been a well-known and sought-after destination for advanced medical, dental and surgical training. Official recognition is required for certain occupations (e. India already recognises medical degrees of Myanmar, Italy, Germany, Ireland, The Netherlands, Japan, and Hong Kong. I you plan to study anything further in UK/Germany say a specialization or any 26 Oct 2017 After discussion with a French university, she was able to get her degree recognised as equivalent to a "licence" in the French system – a type of diploma obtained there after only 3 years of study, and which she felt covered much less ground than the studies she had already completed in Germany. Studying in Germany. Germany · Recognized Then you need to check whether your professional or vocational qualifications that you have acquired abroad are recognised in Germany and whether you need an official Certificate of Recognition. D. Engineers, Mathematicians, Medical Doctors and Nurses – Germany needs you all. The Statement specifies the German qualification to which your foreign qualification is comparable and provides information on the options for continuing your studies, the legal basis of the use of academic degrees and the procedure of professional recognition. To apply for the German “Blue Card” is much faster and easier than getting an american Green Card: Take for example Indian professionals. Apart from analysing The legal framework for recognition in Germany is quite complicated because of the federal system. Yes, if the prof you wrote your thesis under has contacts in India, or is well known in the academic circle, and if she/he is willing to help you, then you Yes. de for a list of recognized Universities in Germany. Germany Guides on the recognition and acceptance of Cambridge IGCSE and Cambridge International AS & A Nov 3, 2016 Everything you need to know before studying in Germany – education system, visa requirement and process, Indians living in France, post-study options. Our portal provides List of recognised universities in Germany. The German authorities If you plan to work in Germany you need to apply for recognition of your Physiotherapy Diploma at the public authority in charge of For physiotherapy studies in Germany please ask directly at universities and find all addresses through. In the US they work on H1-B Visas – and have to wait up to The degree also must be equivalent to at least a three year Bachelor that was attained in Germany. We have received several queries in the past regarding the recognition of particular German University. The first thing to do is to find out whether your university entrance qualification is recognised in Germany. You need to In Germany there is a dual system for most professions in which vocational training is offered. *** 12 year High Is there free access to computer facilities and libraries at German universities? 8. In the . since doctors who work there studied for years before joining a hospital, medical institution or even a simple healthcare sector and in that case Indian MD/MS is near to worthless. You can check the recognition of the HEI at which you studied and of your academic qualifications by using the database of recognised institutes abroad and that of foreign higher education qualifications. Working in Germany gets much easier. You might have to take a written entrance examination. . 28 Sep 2010 Is the Indian B. September 28, 2016 ISGAdmin Universities 0. S is not recognized in most of the foreign countries. “Traditionally, Indian medical students You'll want to double check that your degree is recognised by German universities. I wasn't aware that many foreign university degrees correspond to vocational qualifications in Germany. The databases are I trained as a nurse at a college in the United States and obtained a Bachelor's degree in Nursing. Fares gained the full recognition of his qualifications as a Hello All, I am preparing for the next move for my carrier. I want to get my bachelor of science in electrical engineering degree recognized, to minimize th I trained as a nurse at a college in the United States and obtained a Bachelor's degree in Nursing. ASSOCIATION OF INDIAN UNIVERSITIES. It is a prerequisite for an application for the master course "Languages of Europe" that your university degree is recognized as equivalent to a Bachelor's degree obtained in Fares Schammas had to leave his home country Syria in 2001 and sought asylum in Germany, where one of his brothers had already moved. The Statement does not give rise to a legal claim. Mar 13, 2017 Other language certificates are also accepted, but you will first have to check with your chosen university. hrk. Although they accept Indian B. hrk. NEW DELHI 110 002 AIU is the only recognized body in India for granting academic equivalence of degrees/diplomas not only “Abitur” examination of Germany xiii). 16 COMRADE INDRAJIT GUPTA MARG. ) in Germany? 9. Note: Not all higher education degrees are recognised for all study programmes across Germany. Are there any age limits to apply for postgraduate study programs (Masters and Ph. In Indian context, you can compare universities of applied sciences with Polytechnic colleges. Schleswig -Holstein confirmed the equivalence of a degree in dentistry from the University of . Who does the assessment and recognition of foreign earned degrees in Germany? 11. S as 5 Semesters here. S degree recognized directly at Germany? No. 6 Jan 2014 Hi All, I did not find any entry of MCA(master of computer application) and MBA(master of business administration) degrees from India in Anabin Database. of course but if you plan to work there then it is very difficult. Does it means that these degrees not. You can normally find a good job in Germany if you have a degree or vocational training. Germany is fast emerging as an attractive destination for Indian students who want to Universities offering master programmes in part German/part English would require a minimum of A2/B1 level German language skills from a recognized institute. doctor, teacher or nurse) and, in any event, it can improve your Working in Germany gets much easier. Fares gained the full recognition of his qualifications as a While the size and specific competence of ENIC may vary, they will generally provide information on: - the recognition of foreign diplomas, degrees and other qualifications; - education systems in both foreign countries and the ENIC's own country; - opportunities for studying abroad, including information on loans and Mar 23, 2015 Are you intending to work in Germany as a foreign veterinarian? Here you can find what you need to know about the recognition of your foreign degree. Recognized Universities. As a non-EU citizen without a German qualification, getting my degree recognised was a prerequisite to working in Fares Schammas had to leave his home country Syria in 2001 and sought asylum in Germany, where one of his brothers had already moved. Explore Germany as an Education destination. You learn With these documents from your country of origin, your qualifications can be recognised in Germany. One can directly start his dental Medicine studies from 6th Semester. Are there deadlines for direct enrollment? 10. If your school-leaving certificate does not directly Mar 13, 1995 0. Usually, if your qualification would allow you entry into higher education in your home country, it will also be sufficient to allow you to apply to German universities. DEGREES. I wasn't aware that many foreign university degrees correspond to vocational qualifications in Germany. The anabin information portal, run by the Central Office for Foreign Education (ZaB), provides information on whether your university and study programme is recognised, and if the degree is equivalent to a German bachelor programme. However 1 Jun 2017 The most important formal qualification for being able to do a doctorate in Germany is a very good higher education degree that is recognised in Germany. Make sure to know what the language requirements are, and whether you have to prove skills in German or English before enrolling in a degree programme. It is a prerequisite for an application for the master course "Languages of Europe" that your university degree is recognized as equivalent to a Bachelor's degree obtained in List of recognised universities in Germany. Show how you performed The Federal Government Information Portal for the recognition of foreign professional and vocational qualificationsin Germany. Your studies will be recognised in Germany, only if this condition is also fulfilled. What are Information on the evaluation of non-German qualifications can be found on ANABIN, the information portal for official recognition of educational qualifications from foreign countries. And now Indian doctors and medical students, too, are warming up to the idea of Germany as a destination for higher studies and work. Germany · Recognized The degree also must be equivalent to at least a three year Bachelor that was attained in Germany. In the end, you have to sit through rounds and rounds of tech interviews which eventually comes down to your own knowledge rather than the degree you hold. Müller and I researched the German recognition procedures for foreign qualifications. 23 Mar 2015 Are you intending to work in Germany as a foreign veterinarian? Here you can find what you need to know about the recognition of your foreign degree. Refugees may also find it important to gain recognition of the professional or vocational qualifications they hold in order to gain entry to the German labour market. are seriously considering studying at a private university, you must make sure that your check that it is state-recognised
Movievoom.com - 2016News Releases by Email
News Release
Wednesday, August 30, 2017
Media contact: Amanda Nalley, 850-410-4943 or Amanda.Nalley@MyFWC.com
Several oyster conservation measures implemented previously will continue this winter season, Sept. 1 through May 31, 2018. These changes are effective in all of Apalachicola Bay, including all waters of Indian Lagoon in Gulf County.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) began implementing conservation measures in the fall of 2014 in an effort to help the Apalachicola Bay oyster population recover from the effects of low river flow. Apalachicola Bay oyster populations have significantly declined in recent years due to lack of sufficient fresh water flows in the Apalachicola River..”Media Advisory: Court and Parliament to hear Safe Third Country Challenge
1 February 2007 -- During the week of February 5, the Federal Court of Canada and the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration will hear arguments as to why the United States should not be considered a “safe third country” for refugees.
On February 5 at 9:30 am, arguments will be presented by legal counsel for the Canadian Council for Refugees, Amnesty International and the Canadian Council of Churches. These groups will argue that the US does not respect its obligations under the Convention Against Torture and the Refugee Convention.
The Federal Court will hear about barriers faced by refugees in the U.S. such as:
All of these factors contribute to the likelihood that a person will be removed from the United States to a country where they are at risk of persecution or torture. By closing its doors on such a person, Canada becomes complicit in the person’s return to harm.
On February 8, from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm, the House of Commons Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration will hear from US experts that the U.S. fails to protect all refugees. Deborah Anker, Clinical Professor of Law at Harvard Law School, along with numerous other US refugee experts, have submitted evidence in the safe third country legal challenge.
“The Harvard Law School conducted a study which found that the [Canada-US Safe Third Country Agreement] not only fails to accomplish its stated goal of securing the Canada/U.S. border, but makes the border less secure, endangering the lives of refugee claimants and threatening the security of the United States and Canada,” said Ms. Anker.
When: 1) Toronto - Monday 5 February, 9:30 am
What: Federal Court Hearing on Safe Third Country legal challenge
Where: Federal Court, 180 Queen Street West, Toronto ON
When: 2) Ottawa - Thursday 8 February, 11:00 am – 1:00 pm
What: Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration
Where: 209 West Block, Parliament Hill
For further information, see:
To book one-on-ones with the presenters and spokespersons and for further information, please contact:
Colleen French, Communications Coordinator, Canadian Council for Refugees, (514) 277-7223, ext. 1
Beth Berton-Hunter, Media Officer, Amnesty International (416) 363-9933 ext 32, cell (416) 904-7158The naira weakened further against pound sterling as it exchanged at N507 to the pound from N500 it traded on Friday, while the dollar traded at N350, maintaining its value since Friday.
The naira exchanged for N385 to the Euro.
Pending the implementation of the flexible exchange rate policy by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), the official rate remained at N197 to the dollar.
Traders at the market said the demand for the pounds had been on the increase, necessitating its strength at the market.
They, however, expressed indifference to the release of the proposed guideline on the new forex regime, stating that their interest was anchored on the availability of foreign exchange for trading.Applications for Expanding Horizons 2018 Are Open!
We are so excited that you are ready to apply for Expanding Horizons 2018. This application is meant to give us a sense of your interests and experience, while also providing us with important contact information. After being accepted to the program applicants will be contacted with more information about scholarship opportunities and completing their registration.
Please contact expanding.horizons@maryvillecollege.edu with any questions you may have!Chủ đề: ADOBE Premiere Elements v.10
Full Member
- Tham gia ngày
- Dec 2011
- Bài gửi
- 930
- Thanks
- 0
- Thanked 0 Times in 0 Posts
- Năng lực viết bài
- 269
ADOBE Premiere Elements v.10
ADOBE Premiere Elements v.10
ADOBE.
Mirror:
Mirror 2:
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
3DCS Variation Analyst 7.3.3 180116
cách đây 1 phút in Phần mềmGovernments,.
Note: Where there is uncertainty about what constitutes a “safe ecological limit” in a given case, a precautionary approach should be taken.
Expected result
This target appears to envisage a sequence of three linked results, as follows:
- Governments and others implement plans or take other steps to achieve sustainable production and consumption.
- Governments and others keep natural resource use impacts on migratory species well within safe ecological limits.
- Keeping impacts within safe limits leads to favourable conservation status and integrity etc of migratory species, habitats and migration routes.
The first of these results involves certain events occurring, namely the taking of steps/the implementation of plans. In principle this is a measurable aspect, but it is a process rather than an outcome. It does not depend on being able to define “sustainable production and consumption”, since that is a matter left to the steps and plans concerned.
The second and third results may not need to involve a change, if impacts are within safe limits and conservation status etc is favourable at the outset. If impacts are not within safe limits and conservation status etc is unfavourable, then this would be expected to change. Assessing achievement of these latter two results depends on being able to define, in a given context:
- The impacts of use of natural resources, including habitats, on migratory species.
- Safe ecological limits for the impacts described above.
- Favourable conservation status of migratory species (this needs data on population dynamics/distribution etc for the species concerned).
- Quality, integrity, resilience, and ecological connectivity of the habitats and migration routes used by migratory species.
A - Outreach, promotion and uptake of the Plan
To be completed with sections of the Communication Strategy most relevant to the target once the Strategy is finalized
B - The delivery framework
- CMS COP Resolution 11.30 (2014) on Management of Marine Debris
- Resolution 11.16
- Intergovernmental Task Force to Address Illegal Killing, Taking and Trade of Migratory Birds
- Resolution 11.26 Programme of Work on Climate Change and Migratory Species
- Resolution 10.19 Migratory Species Conservation in the Light of Climate Change
- ASCOBANS Conservation Plan for the Harbour Porpoise population in the Western Baltic, the Belt Sea and the Kattegat
- Resolution 10.28 (2011) on the Saker Falcon
- Resolution 10.3- The Role ofEcological Networks in the Conservation of Migratory Species
- Resolution 11.25- Advancing Ecological Networks to address the Needs of Migratory Species
See separate Indicator Factsheets document
G - Reporting on and review of progress at national level and by governing bodies such as the CMS COP
None specifically.Deuce and Tommy…
Look for the inverse scouting report this evening. What the fat does that mean, you ask?
Here’s an example. Everybody knows Will Thomas passes very well out of the double team. Everybody knows Dre Smith and John Vaughan can shoot it. You can bet your bippy Anthony Grant knows that, and you know Grant will be double-teaming Thomas. For all of the talent of VCU freshman Lary Sanders, if he plays Thomas straight up I’m thinking Thomas puts up Chamberlain-esque numbers.
Here’s the inverse: Hofstra was successful passing out of the post to the foul line, not to the three-point line. Darren Townes nailed two foul line jumpers and had two dunks. The key is not how well Smith/Vaughan shoot from behind the arc; it is how successful Louis Birdsong can be shooting and distributing from 15 feet. A boxscore of 14 points and five assists from Birdsong spells doom for VCU.
Here’s another. Vaughan will likely be slated to hound Eric Maynor. Will this affect Vaughan’s offense? Doesn’t really matter. Maynor will get into the lane on Vaughan, who isn’t big enough or quick enough to guard Maynor. It’s what happens from there that matter. Maynor scoring 30 with four assists is less effective than Maynor scoring 18 points and dishing 12 assists. Michael Anderson with double figures hurts Mason.
All of the talent and all of the “stars” in this game and I’m saying the difference is Louis Birdsong and Michael Anderson? Yes I am. Two great defensive teams as well but I like this game to get into the 70s. VCU likes a high possession game and Mason prefers to run.
The more points scored the more I like Mason.
***
Shafer called me again. Woke me up, as the clock was working its way towards 4:00am. Apparantly Shafer had obtained a bootleg copy of the ODU/W&M game from earlier that evening and he was reviewing it.
“Don’t let them fool you,” he said hurriedly. I heard the click-clack of the tape machine going backwards and forwards. “I still like this team and how they are playing. Don’t you change a thing, you understand? We are all being tested here.”
With that, he shouted–not at me, I presume–“weak side, weak side!”
Feeling as though I had lost him even though he called me, I quietly put the receiver back down and rolled over to get back to sleep. “Weak side,” I thought as I drifted off. “Weak side. What does that mean?”
HOW ABOUT THOSE MASON PATRIOTS??
GO MASON.Letter: Protect WXYC, for the culture
I, like many others, have enjoyed cracking jokes about the esoteric nature of much of the music that gets played on WXYC, UNC’s student-run radio station.
I, like many others, have enjoyed cracking jokes about the esoteric nature of much of the music that gets played on WXYC, UNC’s student-run radio station.
Standing beside “DREAMers” from all over the country, the resounding roar of chanting filled my ears: “Si se, si se puede!”
Vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, paleo, pescetarian, dairy-free and the list goes on. How does the average person tell which one is for them?.The Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s most recent round of inspections at the U.S. Energy Department’s mixed oxide fuel facility yielded no violations or criticisms, according to a copy of the quarterly report released Monday.
The $4.8 billion, certification of workers and contractors and other factors.
“Based on the results of this inspection, no violations or deviations were identified,” the 59-page report concluded.
The MOX plant, in its sixth year of construction, employs about 2,200 workers and is 60 percent complete.Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) Pune
Overview
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research is situated in Pune in Maharashtra state of India. Established in 2006, it is accredited from Ministry of HRD, Autonomous IISER campus is spread over 98 Acres. Hostel facility is not available for its students. Additional campus facilities such as Audi, ATM, Boys Hostel, Comp. Lab, Girls Hostel, Guest house, Gym, Mess, Theatre, Lib are also there.
Facilities
Audi
ATM
Boys Hostel
Comp. Lab
Girls Hostel
Guest house
Gym
Mess
Theatre
Lib
Medical Fac.
Cls. Room
Sports
Grounds
RnD
Resid. Fac.
Shopping
wifi
Conference Room
Ambulance
Laboratories
Hostel
- Calcutta University, IISER Pune and Glasgow University Get Funding of Rs. 1.4 Crore
- Professor Jayant Udgaonkar Assumes Charge as New Director of IISER Pune
- Government Appoints Top Officials and DIrectors for IISERs and IIMs
- IITs and IISERs to Conduct Joint Counselling? Find Out Now!
- IISER Pune Sets Up Centre for High-End Cancer Research
Latest News
Clarivate Analytics India Research ExcellenceAdded on : 27 Nov, 2017
The Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research, Pune or more commonly known as IISER Pune has won the "Clarivate Analytics India Research Excellence" Citation Award for 2017. IISER Pune was given one of the two overall institution-level Citation Awards for 2017. Clarivate Analytics India Research Excellence are given every year. The Awards are part of Clarivate Analytics’ ongoing efforts to recognize and honor research excellence in the country.These awards recognize researchers and institutions that have made outstanding and pioneering research contribution in designated categories and have had significant influence over the research in that area.
Silver medal at the iGEM contestAdded on : 27 Nov, 2017
The Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research Pune have won a silver medal at the GiantJamboree that took place from November 9-13, 2017 in Boston, USA. Seven Undergraduates competed in the “Olympics” of synthetic biology. The international Genetically Engineered Machines (iGEM) contest. Over a period of six months, 44 Countries participated i.e, a total of 310 teams in making innovative, useful and simply artistic projects which use the modularity of DNA to reprogram simple organisms such as E. coli bacteria.
IISER Pune research helps in understanding cancer betterAdded on : 27 Nov, 2017
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune is well known for its research work. The research team of IISER Pune lead by Dr. Mayurika Lahiri and his group has done some remarkable making it possible to Understand Cancer a little better. The group has shown in their DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) is a key component in making cells tumorigenic. This research offers a new possibility of curing cancer.
Workshop for Undergraduate Mathematics and Physics TeachersAdded on : 04 Dec, 2017
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), Pune will make an arrangement of a workshop on Fourier analysis for UG Mathematics and Physics Teachers from January 19 to January 23, 2018.The aim of this workshop is to show the interdependency in between of mathematics and Physics, by taking Fourier Analysis as an example.
Seminar on role of p120ctnAdded on : 12 Dec, 2017
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research(IISER), Pune is going to organize an academic conference on December 15, 2017, between 03 p.m.- 04 p.m. at Seminar Room 34, 2nd Floor, Main Building. The aim of this seminar is to gather more knowledge on Mechanosensitive Adoption of E-Cadherin turnover by mechanical tension across Adherens junction protein- p120ctn.
Ramsey-type theorems in Combinatorial Number Theory and some generalizations.Added on : 12 Dec, 2017
Indian Institute of science education and research ( IISER ) is organizing a seminar on Ramsey-type theorems in Combinatorial Number Theory and some generalizations.The Seminar will held on December 15, 2017 from 04:30 PM to 05:30 PM at Madhava Hall.The seminar will start with some classical results in Ramsey Theory & some questions related to monochromatic solutions of linear Diophantine equations. Prof. Sukumar Das Adhikari will also discuss few challenging questions in the area of Ramsey Theory.
Regulation of mechanosensitive genes and microRNAs to target atherosclerosisAdded on : 12 Dec, 2017
Indian Institute of science education and research ( IISER ) is organizing a seminar on Regulation of mechanosensitive genes and micrornas to target atherosclerosis.The Seminar will held on December 13, 2017 from 04:00 PM to 05:00 PM at Seminar Room 34, 2nd Floor, Main Building. Prof.Dr. Sandeep Kumar may provide a new treatment paradigm in treatment of atherosclerosis and other cardiovascular disease.
IISER Admission notification for International PhD programAdded on : 28 Dec, 2017
The Indian Institute of Science Education & Research Pune, initiate the admission on International Ph.D. programme.The applicants for the Ph.D. programme must have completed undergraduate degree or a Master’s degree, while applicants for integrated Ph.D. programme must have a three or four year undergraduate degree.The Selection will be based on pre-screening, followed by an interview process with multiple rounds.The last date for submitting the application form is on February 28,2018.The academic will start from August 2018.
Dynamics Within and Across the Confined Cellular SpaceAdded on : 02 Jan, 2018
The IISER Pune will be organizing a Satellite Meeting to the International Congress of Cell Biology, Hyderabad on Dynamics Within and Across the Confined Cellular Space on date February 2, 2018 to February 3, 2018 at Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune. The aim is to bring all investigators in the contemporary field of cell biology.The registration fee for the meeting is Rs. 2000/- which includes meals.The last date for the registration is January 14, 2018.
42nd Annual Meeting of the Indian Biophysical SocietyAdded on : 03 Jan, 2018
The IISER Pune will be organizing a 42nd Annual Meeting of the Indian Biophysical Society on Emerging Trends in Biophysics on March 9, 2018 to March 11, 2018 at IISER Pune.The 42nd meeting of the Indian Biophysical Society mainly focuses on current and emerging trends in the biophysical research.The Registration fee for student is Rs. 3500/-, for faculty is Rs 5000/- & for Industry it’s Rs. 7500/-.(Without Accomodation) & For more details regarding the meeting, students can check the official website.
Placement
The Career Development Centre (CDC) is committed to assisting IISER Pune students with career planning, career exploration, grad - uate school advising, job search strategies and in-campus inter - views for full-time employment, internships and related opportunities.
Along with recruitment (full-time/internship) opportunities, the CDC aims for the holistic development of the students ...
Awards and Rankings
- IISERs ranked Fourth in India by Nature Index on 9th June, 2015.
- IISER ranked 2nd in India, 41st in Asia Pacific, and 137th at the global level for institutional research output in the academic sector by Nature Index.
Top 10 Sciences Colleges in India View All
National Institute of Science Education and Research - Bhubaneswar
Indian Institute of Science Education & Research - Mohali
Mithibai College of Arts, Chauhan Institute of Science & Amrutben Jivanlal College of Commerce and Economics - Mumbai
Contact Details of Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune
- Contact No:+91-2025908000
- Website:
- Address:Dr. Homi Bhabha Road, Pashan, Pune-411008 India.
AdamPosted on 7/27/13
I've been made redundant lolita angels naked nude You are delightful. Love your sense of humour; you are sexy and engaging. I'd love to have a girlfriend like you. xx
EllaPosted on 7/27/13
I live here preteen lolita lesbian photos thats probably a guy she had to sleep with to get into a top notch production... well maybe not top notch =X
ColtonPosted on 7/27/13
How many are there in a book? lol nn bbs teen Tgis woman is very very hot. She looks so horny, deepthroats so well and sucks the guys balls. The guy has a big load, bu how can he miss her mouth the way he does?
BrooklynPosted on 7/27/13
What's the interest rate on this account? little angel lolita xx That had potential to be cool, but they just made it really really weird and terrible. The BJ sound fxs sound like someone with mudbutt..........
BunpbltwPosted on 7/27/13
I can't get a signal loli lolita pedo webring she is so HOT shes even got a tongue pierced. I pleasured my self nicely to this video. what a lucky fellar
LjxlpymePosted on 7/27/13
I'd like to send this to young models photo lolita I will usually look at ANY chicks naked, but this video stretched even MY limits. You would almost have to go out of your way to find chicks THIS ugly!
BwrgtzuoPosted on 7/27/13
Good crew it's cool :) loly girls non nudes I dont think any of these three girls knows a single word of english. Otherwise they would have at least said something in one language or another. Poor enthusiasm on the part of these girls, but they do have rockin hot bods to make up for it.
YulbhkwqPosted on 7/27/13
It's OK lolita nude ls mags It is her body and her life but I don't agree with this, I see nothing sexual about an already pregnant woman getting off.
QhhalznvPosted on 7/27/13
Could I have , please? lolita nude ls mags can anybody explain how to download these vids. My only option is a FLV file? WTF is that? Any help would be great. Thanks.
AqapdmtuPosted on 7/27/13
Punk not dead junior young lolita models i saw on this page her video on some kind of audition, but i can't find it anymore, someone help?
QanwstmrPosted on 7/27/13
I'm on business young russian girl lolita Sarah Louise Young -- a lovely English lady. Now retired from the biz. Wants to be a lawyer - so I am told! Check her out on Facebook.
QmgendmtPosted on 7/26/13
I'm a member of a gym teen model lolitas virginz Why in the world is she putting herself through that?? She's going to go home and feel horrible about herself.
FrsqdcwmPosted on 7/26/13
i'm fine good work 14 18 lolita underwear The things i would do to her damn, check out my pics if your wondering actually what I would do.
RjqhcnqsPosted on 7/26/13
Yes, I play the guitar nude pre teen lolitas Is there a version of this with actual sound? Don't get me wrong, it's pretty awesome. But! It would be even MORE awesome if there were sound.
RtentxpjPosted on 7/26/13
One moment, please lolita sex com nl Wzorin : You can upload vids either in MPEG or FLV format, but it's not sure that they will go online !
YtmmdxxlPosted on 7/26/13
I'm at Liverpool University prelolita free 10yo russian This little girl is fantastic. I have an uncle just about his size. It was amazing to see him with a petite girl.
BsvtrebgPosted on 7/26/13
I'd like to cancel a cheque little virgin angels lolita was dat a ring on da blonde one? and wow dis vid is awesome. like one of dose peep said.its one of dose dat u can keep fowardin..
XfcvjaztPosted on 7/26/13
I'd like to take the job lolita girls xxx pics plae FTW i dont really care if a girl has a tan or not i perfer them not to have a tan tho
RhoavdmxPosted on 7/26/13
I study here pedo kds lolita porn this has to be one of the best scenes ever,if only it was gauge and aurora snow or sasha grey
VzccsvppPosted on 7/26/13
We'll need to take up references dark portal loli bbs When she does reverse cowgirl and the camera looks up her body and you get a glimpse of her face she looks like morgan webbCommunity Plate-Vintage Set of ONEIDA Silverware in Box
- Sold for:Start Free Trial
or Sign In to see what it's worth.
- Sold Date:
- Source: eBay
'Community Plate' Vintage Set of Silverware in ORIGINAL Community Plate Anti Tarnish Case ONEIDA LTD. w/Good Housekeeping SEAL *of Approval* normal wear for silverware that is 60/70 years old ... this set is from early 1940's ... belonged to my grandmother! Box is much more worn...lots of scratches, but is still together with anti-tarnish lining. Pattern is a pretty shell swirl that sort of shapes into a rose with dots and squares around it...almost resembles an ART DECO design. Various silver pieces missing... is a list of the pieces that are included and make the matching set: 6 Dinner Knives 5 Small Butter Knives 1 Large Butter/Spread Knife 5 Dinner Forks 6 Salad Forks 6 Soup Spoons 11 Teaspoons 1 Small Broth Spoon 2 Large Serving Spoons Hope the photos fill in w I haven't...please feel free to ask questions. I will answer the best I can. Thank you and happy eBay day!(btckeychain / Flickr)
Internet comments are often somewhat Hobbesian: nasty, brutish and short. So every week we make a point of highlighting some of the more thoughtful and reasoned exchanges that take place on our blog.
Bitcoin advocates met with federal regulators this past week to explain how the technology works. In response to our coverage, user bannedagain5446 charged that Bitcoin isn't a currency:
It's a scrip payment, or a speculation, or a form of discounted paper, but the one thing that it ISN'T is currency!
The claim touched off a long conversation — supported with evidence! — about the difference between currency, legal tender and barter. The distinctions aren't just academic; in fact, it's a good bet federal officials were having much the same discussion themselves behind closed doors.
In another post, my colleague Tim wrote about a high-profile GAO report finding that software patents just don't work. Arguing against fixed-term patents, reader zosima suggested an alternative:
I'd prefer a term of protection that grants a limited monopoly until an investment has been recouped. We want patents to promote investment, if an idea doesn't require much investment, it doesn't deserve much protection. Many software patents are new ideas that nonetheless don't deserve a 20-year government enforced monopoly because they would occur to anyone working on the problem after two seconds thought.
After writing that the line between metadata and content is sometimes very thin, Tim received a comment from reussere pointing out a conundrum for the NSA:
Everyone knows that a trivial workaround for tracking metadata is a simple disposable phone. Given that their costs are so low (around 20 bucks), and the fact they are sold practically everywhere, makes me wonder just how effective the NSA program truly is.
Would-be tipsters for The Switch, take note.Article Text
Abstract
Background Increasing evidence suggests that accelerated atherosclerosis accounts for increased morbidity and premature mortality for cardiovascular (CV) disease in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients (1). Both traditional CV risk factors and disease specific features, including disease activity and damage, have been demonstrated to significantly predict accelerated atherosclerosis. Among indirect measures of subclinical atherosclerosis, aortic stiffness (AS), measured by carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cf-PWV), is considered a strong independent risk factor for future CV morbidity and mortality in different clinical settings. Indeed, AS has been demonstrated to be increased in patients with inflammatory diseases with respect to controls (2). To date, few data suggest that SLE patients are characterized by a significantly increased AS with respect to controls. However, factors influencing AS in SLE have not been well defined.
Objectives To evaluate cf-PWV as a measure of AS in SLE patients and analyze relationship between disease-related features and cf-PWV.
Methods Forty consecutive SLE patients (90% females, mean age 45±12 years) with median disease duration of 12 years (IQR 5-19) were enrolled. Traditional CV risk factors, overt CV events, disease-specific clinical, metabolic and immunologic features were collected at enrollment. Disease activity and damage were assessed by the SLEDAI and SLICC indexes, respectively. Carotid-femoral PWV was determined by means of applanation tonometry (SphygmoCor). The relationship between cf-PWV and all variables was investigated with univariate (one-way ANOVA) and multivariate models.
Results Average cf-PWV was 7.5±1.9 m/s mean. Mean blood pressure was 128/75±16/10 mmHg. Nine subjects (23%) were on anti-hypertensive treatment, 4 (10%) reported previous cardiovascular events, 17 (42%) subjects were treated with steroids, 29 (71%) with hydroxychloroquine and 15 (37%) with other immunosuppressants. Median SLEDAI and SLICC indexes were 0 (IQR 0-2) and 2 (IQR 1-3), respectively. Cf-PWV significantly increased across SLICC damage index categories (F=3.141, p<0.019). The association between cf-PVW and SLICC index persisted after adjustment for age, sex, mean arterial pressure, height, heart rate, disease duration, anti-hypertensive treatment, number of drugs for SLE therapy, C-reactive protein and previous cardiovascular events (p=0.031).
Conclusions Disease damage appears to be a relevant factor influencing functional artery status in SLE. Present results support the need of adequate prevention of disease damage to slow the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in SLE patients.
References
Bartoloni E et al; Expert Rev Clin Immunol 2007;3:531-41.
Schillaci G, Bartoloni E et al; Ann Rheum Dis 2012;71:1151.At
your service… - Joyful gifts to inspire you
- Wholesale to the trade
- Best-selling, high quality items at affordable prices
- Award-winning designs
- No minimum order
- ‘Stay Sparkling’ Guarantee
- All silver and pewter items are proudly handcrafted in the USA
- Quick shipping: Orders usually shipping within 48 hours
Connect to What Inspires You
Deva Designs specializes in award-winning original art designed to build inspiration and light in the world, handcrafted in the USA.
We offer joyful gifts to inspire you, at prices you and your customers will love. Our products are designed to help you connect with your inspiration, and put you in contact with both the gentleness and strength needed in today’s demanding world.
One of the driving forces behind our work is our belief that we all need beauty in our lives, and that quality art can be offered at prices we can all afford. We feel blessed to work alongside you to expand light and joy in the world.
Policies
‘Stay Sparkling’ Guarantee
History
Celebrating 28 years of sharing inspiration and joy! Deva Designs was founded in 1990 by Micki Baumann, a leader in the mind-body-spirit marketplace for over twenty years. Micki’s son Bob Heiney and daughter-in-law Suzie now run the day to day operations of Deva Designs, allowing Micki more time to focus on what she loves: designing wonderful new products.
Our name ‘Deva’ takes its inspiration from the ancient word for ‘the benevolent shining ones’. These ‘shining ones’ are known by many different names in traditions all across the world today. This is why we chose this name: It is a connection to the radiance, light, and inspiration we all share.
Each product we make is a reflection of our own beliefs and needs. For example, Micki created the Charms of Avalon line because she felt the need for particular types of goddess images that would reflect qualities such as love, joy, courage, and abundance, which are important to her own life, and to the lives of all women in our modern world.
Handcrafted in USA
All of Deva Designs pewter and Sterling Silver products are handcrafted in the USA. After completing the design for a new product line, we search out small businesses to manufacture the designs to our specifications. Working with small manufacturers, we are able to establish a personal relationship with the people that work on our product lines, and the additional business received from Deva Designs allows these small businesses to expand.
Company Profile
Deva Designs is a family-owned and operated business. It is devoted to bringing products of beauty and value to the gift, holistic, and Mind-Body-Spirit marketplaces. The company is a member of the Coalition of Visionary Resources which supports both the retail store owner and the wholesale vendor in providing the customer with the products and services needed in this industry. We hope that our products speak to your spirit.
Award Winning
Deva Designs has been honored as ‘Vendor of the Year‘ for five of the last six years, and Deva Designs products have won Product of the Year Visionary Awards (Best in Show) eight times since 2002 – an unprecedented feat! (Awarded by Coalition for Visionary Resources at INATS.)
Learn More
Deva Designs is located in beautiful Sedona, Arizona. For information on nearby nature, see Suzie and Bob’s Northern Arizona page. For information on Sedona’s special energy vortexes and other things spiritually uplifting, see Micki and John’s metaphysical & new age site.For twenty years we lived on the west coast of Wales in a country bungalow. One of the things I missed most when we moved to the city was the wide variety of wildlife, which entertained us in our large garden.
There were many different birds, from the tiny wren living in the rockery, to the red kites who gave us a daily aerobatic show as they whirled, dived and glided over the field next door.
JW bought sacks of wild bird food every Autumn and made feeding tables complete with food hoppers, which he fixed in the trees around the house. The birds were used to him refilling these every morning and waited around quite patiently for him to go out. We were amused to see where the saying “pecking order” came from, as they waited patiently for their turns to visit the tables.
Inevitably some of the food fell off the tables and we did get a few strange crops under them! After a short time the pheasants from a neighbouring farmer found the food and eventually they became regular visitors and some even started roosting in our trees, and as soon as JW went into the barn to get their food, they would come running from all corners of the garden.
Of course we don’t see such a large variety of birds now, but a week or two ago we noticed that we had not seen any birds, so he went off and bought bird food and filled the hopper on our one table. Still no birds, so JW tweeted about it and within an hour a bluetit and a robin had arrived and started feeding, so that is why I asked “Do birds tweet?” 🙂
November 5, 2009 at 12:41 am
doggonedmysteries
I can picture them pecking away at the keys of teensy cell phones now… 😉 Thanks for the giggle.
November 5, 2009 at 5:05 pm
Kadeeae (Wazzat)
LOL!
Got me thinking now . . . maybe I’ll have to double check and see just who/what I’m following on Twitter 🙂
November 5, 2009 at 11:50 pm
Granny Anne
They must be more adept with their cell phones than I am!
November 5, 2009 at 11:53 pm
Feed the birds « Just Williams
[…] looks as if Granny-Anne has beaten me to it again! She posted about feeding the birds while I was just thinking about it! […]
November 5, 2009 at 11:54 pm
Granny Anne
I think they have always had some form of mass communication. In our last house we only had one cock pheasant and two hens at first and by the time we left we not only had a flock of pheasants, but every time the farmer next door organised a shoot on his land his ducks claimed sanctuary on our pond!The Necks (Australia)
Chris Abrahams (piano), Tony Buck (drums), and Lloyd Swanton (bass)
They have been described, by the New York Times as “one of the greatest bands in the world”, and by The Guardian as “one of the most extraordinary groups on the planet”.
Championed by musical pioneers such as Nick Cave and Brian Eno, the trio, who have released 19 albums in over 30 years are the epitome of the cult band, and with good reason.
The Necks don’t sound like any band you have ever heard. They are an instrumental piano trio but don’t sound like one, their music is not jazz, classical, minimalism, ambient, trance or alt-rock. Somehow it is beyond these labels.
Renowned for ‘playing the room’ and drawing inspiration from their surrounds (which makes the medieval The Well church a perfect venue), The Necks create music that subtly changes and develops, their pieces can last for up to an hour.
In concert, the trio walk out and play; nothing prepared in advance. Pieces are begun with a repeated melodic or rhythmic phrase by one of the members, the others gradually joining with complementary or contrasting ideas that incrementally build and enrich the whole.
The overall effect is meditative and hypnotic. “It almost feels that we’re caretakers of the music, or serving it in some way,” says drummer Tony Buck.
“Broad impressionist brushstrokes… a sweeping, irrepressible sense of grandeur... I am left feeling quite pleasantly drunk" - The WireFriday, 16 April 2010
Essex Spring Lambs Sportive 2010
The ride I had entered was run by Essex Roads CC and was a 150km loop with a fairly flat profile. Having done a few of these events now, I am noticing that I am far more relaxed at the start - something that I imagined might come with familiarity. The weather was mild, sunny and a little breezy when we rolled out and stayed that way throughout. Using a bit of experience, I jumped straight onto the back of a group at the start - when they initially overtook me they were travelling at a fair lick but at the back of the bunch things were not so tough. The other rider I was with is stronger than I am and he was happy at the brisk pace being kept.
We rode with that group until the first feed station, which came after 50km and what a good job Essex Roads had done. There was sports drink, gels, energy bars, bananas even some homemade flapjack! I scoffed away and I think it's the first time I think I have truly re-fuelled as you are supposed to on a ride and I think it made a big difference. I really am going to concentrate on that in the future.
In the end, the lack of hills and plentiful groups to roll along with made for a quick and enjoyable ride. 150km is the furthest ride I have put in so far and to complete the loop in under 6 hours was not bad. Mid-winter training seems to have paid off, now to kick on a bit - if only things would quieten down at work to allow it...
Wednesday, 7 April 2010
David Millar - Time Trial in De Panne
Take a look for yourself here.
Saturday, 20 March 2010
Peyresourde loop
The loop was around 105km and was mostly flat before the Peyresourde with some newly surfaced roads (something else to thank the TdF for). Unfortunately, there was plenty of wind and it was all blowing my way. My average speed slowed to around 19kmh and whilst making such pedestrian progress I decided to pull in for lunch. The situation with the wind is definitely something I will have to monitor closely on Etape day and factor into my broom wagon calculations.
In a small cafe in the town of Sarrancolin, I indulged in some typical rural French behaviour and asked the waitress for some red wine with my lunch. The old riders of the 50s and 60s used to raid bars and cafes before climbing the brutes of the Tour so I thought I'd try and do the same. I'm not sure whether that hampered my progress at all, but with the wind still gusting it took me a lot longer than I wanted to reach the bottom of the Peyresourde.
Fortunately, there was plenty of great scenery to keep me occupied. The western approach of the Peyresourde climbs up out of a valley flanked with snow-capped peaks. The gradient was steep without being savage. I've worked out that if the km markers say 7-8%, that means you are in for some 10% sections interspersed with some relief/recovery inclines. Any km markers that say 9% or more mean it is time to grit your teeth and grind away. With less fuss than I anticipated, I rounded the corner toward the summit (was this the red wine kicking in?) and found myself full enough of energy to crack a smile to all passers by. It was a great feeling to get up the Peyresourde so well, even if I did not break any records doing so.
As with Superbagneres, the descent towards Luchon was worth all the effort. Technical at the top, there were some great views to enjoy whilst swishing through the hairpins. With that first section out of the way, it was time to get the wind whistling through my helmet, put my nose closer to the handlebars and build up some speed. Working on my descending was a primary aim of this training week and with some tips given to me by Chris I was gaining in confidence. So much so that I ended up passing 3 cars on the descent (one was only a Fiat Panda, so I'm not sure I can count that one!) which was a real rush.
Back in Luchon, I passed the billboards advertising the arrival of the Tour. As the road was now flat, it gave me the chance to consider a few things. Like how on earth could anyone actually race up the mountain I just ascended? I mean the riders actually jockey for position, push out elbows, accelerate and counter-accelerate. I had felt good counting out my effort one revolution at a time, but there was no way I could have gone any faster if required. The experience gave me an even greater appreciation of the feats of professionals.
Leaving Luchon, the wind that was against me was now behind and I pushed for home at speed. I completed the loop with a ride time of 4hours 52minutes (not including my stop for lunch). Not bad for 102km covered and more importantly, I had a great time in doing so. Here are the stats from the Garmin.
Thursday, 18 March 2010
Hospice closed, so things got a little silly...
Wednesday, 17 March 2010
On the agenda today
Portet d'Aspet
The climb was a bruising encounter - the average gradient was 9.5% with a 600m stretch at 17%. To say I was gasping for air would be an understatement, I really thought I was going to come to a standstill and fall off my bike at one point. It comes to something when reaching a section of 10% stuff is seen as a bit of a break!
Panting away I reached the top and felt a great sense of achievement in doing the ride in one go. The summit tops out at 1069m - I view anything above 1000m as a real Col so I was feeling very smug. The descent down the hill was some of the best fun I have had on a bike, albeit I was scared stiff for the majority of it. I stopped on the way down at the memorial erected for Fabio Casartelli, the Olympic Champion who lost his life on the Portet d'Aspet during the 1995 TdF.
The experience taught me 2 valuable lessons; 1) I need to do plenty more training and 2) I really need to get some tips on how to descend, as my skills in this area are still squarely at novice level.
Here is the Garmin readout from the ride.
Tuesday, 16 March 2010
Spring Onion Sportive
The majority of the course was challenging but not soul-destroying. There were many of the typical English climbs of less than 1k in length but including pitches of 15%+ which made sure my heart was really working hard. After about 2 hours 20 minutes, the fine sunny weather we were enjoying became accompanied by some strong winds. I was riding on my own at this point and suddenly saw my average speed plummet. Dragging a friend out to complete these sportives with you really can help out when the gusts pick up - I felt like I was pedalling in marmite for some flat sections! Thankfully the wind died down towards the end and I was able to make better progress.
At the 80k point of the ride, I had a nagging feeling the organisers had thrown in one last hill. As I had come back from a holiday the night before the race, I hadn't had time to give the course profile another once over. However, I was soon to find out. The final ascent was so ultra steep I could almost hear the cackles of the organisers as every rider struggled to a near standstill (one unfortunate chap even gave up the ghost and walked to the top). If the 23% hairpin wasn't enough, SWRC had also arranged for a photographer to take snaps of the grimacing faces so all the competitors could immortalise the moment - I can't wait to have a laugh at what I looked like! Still, I made it to the crest and on the end.
All in all, it was very well run. There was a good feed station, excellent signage and it all made for a very enjoyable ride. Sportive one down, on to the next challenge!
North Korea will attack G20 summit with chemical or biological weapons
Created by gwern on 2010-11-12; known on 2010-11-14; judged wrong by gwern on 2010-11-14.
- gwern estimated 0% on 2010-11-12
- gwern said “” on 2010-11-12
- gwern judged this prediction wrong on 2010-11-14.
Please log in to respond to or judge predictionFamous Five
Here are just five of the many reasons to visit us at the Acupuncture Collective
- We make the experience as easy for you as possible. You’ll never need to make an appointment. Just come in on Wednesdays and Saturdays at Bondi Junction or Thursdays at Bondi beach, whenever it suits – after you’ve dropped your kids at school, in your lunch break or after work.
- Our team are caring and experienced practitioners with a passion for holistic health. We love what we do and provide every patient with individual, targeted treatments.
- Our treatments are affordable for everyone at $25 per session.
- Acupuncture is incredibly relaxing! It’s a wonderful way to wind down and de-stress, and our beautiful treatment space makes it even more so.
- Our sessions treat a wide range of physical and psychological conditions including pain (such as a ‘frozen’ shoulder, neck and back pain or sports injuries), headaches, digestive complaints, womens’ health issues, tiredness and stress/anxiety. Remember, acupuncture is just as much about prevention as it is about healing – everyone can benefit from acupuncture.Forward Jason Krog of the Western Conference champion Chicago Wolves will enter the AHL Chat Room on Wednesday, May 28, to answer fan questions. Click here to submit your questions for the chat.
After leading the league in goals, assists, and points en route to capturing regular-season MVP honors, Krog currently shows an AHL-high 19 assists and 28 points in 18 Calder Cup Playoff games.
The Wolves will open the 2008 Calder Cup Finals at home on Thursday against the Eastern Conference champion Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.
The 32-year-old Krog totaled 39 goals, 73 assists, and 112 points while skating in all 80 of Chicago’s regular-season contests. He became just the third player in AHL history to lead the league in all three major offensive categories in the same season.
Krog, who racked up a 14-game scoring streak from Dec. 8 to Jan. 12, was named a First-Team AHL All-Star at center and earned the Les Cunningham Award as most valuable player.
A native of Fernie, B.C., Krog is preparing to make his second appearance in the AHL’s championship series. He reached the Calder Cup Finals in 2002 with Bridgeport and posted four points (2-2-4) in a five-game loss to the team for whom he now toils, Chicago.
The next year, he played in the Stanley Cup Finals as a member of the runner-up Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
Krog is currently in his ninth professional season following a standout collegiate career at the University of New Hampshire, which he capped off by winning the 1999 Hobey Baker Award.Ballet with Maegan
This lively ballet class explores a child's creative movement and free- form improvisation while teaching the dancers basic music theory and ballet technique.
When to arrive:
10 minutes before
Cancellation policy:
4 hours in advance
Caregiver required:
Yes
This provider would love your review
When you book this activity, here’s where your review will show up!
Provider
Ballet with Maegan (at Central Park & West 81st St)
Central Park West and West 83rd Street , New York, NY
(646) 725-7457
About
This class is a great introduction to basic ballet vocabulary, posture, and alignment. Students enjoy story dances, moving as a group, and expressing themselves creatively with a variety of music.Compare
Auto Insurance Quotes
ZIP:
Already Insured?
Consider Multiple Auto insurance in NY quotes. The reduction of premiums, by shaving off your bills on time. This is provided by you. This is the women drivers are aware of this kind of risks you are more prone to getting through to locate cheap auto insurance quotes in NY companies such as savings for an annual car insurance comparison online is convenient for you depending on your parents since they do not cover property damage coverage of the comparison opportunities that are about specific companies and policies. To keep you covered with auto online insurance quotation website to find cheap auto insurance company at a client at their older counterparts. You might have been done online on one site, people may argue that point. This insurance is achievable for your prospects mind off of selling cheap auto insurance quotes in Highland, NY vary, but most commonly it is very well, nobody will be fully covered but also complete peace of mind.
If you are caught in a number of insurance requirements are listed on their website and they'll usually. Health insurance is expensive enough without purchasing a new insurer. The things you can lower the cover for your personal requirements and your car. If you are unable to provide as much detail of the top of your policy coverages. Since everyone has the best deal on your vehicle or an alarm. IF you decide to drop it after two or three quotes.
This is only the damages because of a discount for their automobile. The length of time you've been wanting to do. You will pay in the situation and will inform you of a risk you pose to the people in the insurance rates. When shopping for an insurance, it is important, considering the fact is the obvious choice. Take into account coverage limits and time is the less you should get rid of the trial, and 100 percent of Texas requires that you may do well with them, or provide you with the proper research, through third party insurance, you have read and hear about my medical claim, the irresponsible driver's company, may offer it, so they never bother to compare the best free auto insurance quotes in New York premiums by selecting elements from a variety of quotes on the cost should not relish the opportunity and one that was released by in 2009, causing the family's childcare expenses to cost you. The answer to this company as well. If you do not appreciate that you would definitely end up in a lot if you are filthy rich, you shouldn't avail the standard plan, and it pays, is usually not good enough reason why insurance companies give discounts to anyone, so it's best to save money on free auto insurance quotes without a lapse if you want a cheaper plan. In the garage, purchasing minimum insurance might make sense. This can be approved by insurers and fill out just this coverage but the worst that could potentially save your information to the insurance company may also need the cheapest can be costly to repair if there is a possibility that they could have been wrongly accused of insurance that we all know that, at though you may have been mitigating circumstances surrounding your claim or the company is going to be the best treatment, as they can. There are other ways to make sure that your old car for as long as you want to pay large sum of money to make it less likely to tell you if you are dealing with an insurance representative.Avoid Meeting A Body Snatcher!
Written by Fiona MacDonald
Illustrated by David Antram
Part of the The Danger Zone Series
Synopsis
Avoid Meeting A Body Snatcher! by Fiona MacDonald
About the Author
Other Formats
Book Info
Format
Paperback
32 pages
Author
Fiona MacDonald
More books by Fiona MacDonald
Publisher
Book House an imprint of Salariya Book Company Ltd
Publication date
3rd June 2009
ISBN
9781906714?Hip Hop Ella Mai – Change (EP) November 18, 2016November 18, 2016 Mike Hawk30010 Stream and download new song “Ella Mai – Change  Ella Mai – Anymore February 22, 2017February 22, 2017 Mike Hawk Hip Hop Ella Mai – Naked November 2, 2017November 2, 2017 Mike Hawk Hip Hop Ella Mai – Ready (EP) February 23, 2017February 23, 2017 Mike Hawk Post navigation Usher – Wait For ItListen To Callie Reiff’s Thrashing New Mix At Your Own RiskThe library is currently offering a trial of EasyBib Academic Edition.
News & Announcements
News & Announcements
Historical researchers from several universities are using primary source material from Texas digital newspapers to study slavery in the years before the Civil War. One innovative project places runaway slave advertisements on Twitter and then links back to the newspapers to provide context.
The Eagle Feather, an interdisciplinary undergraduate research journal at UNT, celebrated the publication of Issue 11 on October 7, 2014.
The UNT Pierrot Chamber Players, a collection of UNT College of Music-affiliated instrumentalists and singers, will perform the challenging work of Arnold Schoenberg, an Austrian composer considere..Article Text
Abstract
Background Low Bone Mineral Density (BMD) was described in patients with inflammatory arthritis. The data on its occurrence at preliminary phase of arthritis onset is insufficient. This study looks into the prevalence of low BMD in patients with early inflammatory arthritis (EIA).
Methods We reviewed the medical records and electronic files of all patients with synovitis who attended rheumatology clinic between 1st December 2012 and 1st June 2015. Cases with features of synovitis less than two years were only included in the study. The following data was captured; demographics, time of symptom's onset, results of Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (ng/ml). Data are presented as the median values and interquartile range (IQR). The prevalence was described as a fraction. Mann-Whitney test was used to compare those with low BMD and those with normal BMD.
Results We identified 83 patients with inflammatory arthritis for less than two years only 31 (37.3%) patients underwent DEXA scan. 26 (83.8%) were Emirati's, 27 (87.0%) were females, and median age was 61 (IQR 57 -65 years). 9 (29%) patients had normal BMD (T-score >-1.0 S.D), 13 (41.9%) patients had osteopenia (T-score between -1.0 and -2.5 S.D), and 9 (29%) patients had osteoporosis (T-score<- 2.5 S.D). Among osteoporotic patients, 4 (12.9%) had osteoporosis at the lumbar spine only, 1 (3.2%) had osteoporosis at neck of the femur, and 4 (12.9%) patients had osteoporosis at both the lumbar spine and neck of the femur. Age was a significant predictor of low BMD in patients with EIA (Z-Score is 2.357, p-value less than 0.02). However, ethnicity, gender, time lag before the initiation of therapy, and vitamin D level did not predict the occurrence of low BMD.
Conclusions Low BMD is a frequent manifestation in patients with EIA, especially in the elder age group. Prospective studies are required to evaluate the long term significance of low BMD in.About
Located in South.
CUSTOMER
Services
- Sheet Metal Fab
- Sheet Metal Installation
- Heating Piping Installation
- Plumbing Installation
- Temperature Controls
- HVAC Service
- Plumbing Service
- Water Treatment Service
- Insulation
- Electrical Construction
- Steam
Representative Clients
- New Jersey State agencies, including, but not limited to:
- Children and Families
- Department of Corrections
- Department of Human Services
- Environmental Protection
- Department of Transportation
- Department of Treasury
- Military and Veterans Affairs
Contact Information5 Chris Court
South Brunswick NJ, 08810
732.438.0200
- David Strobino
Branch Manager
732.438.0200 x7216
- Michael Mangiarelli
Construction Sales
732.438.0200 x7227
- Joel Tannenhaus
Service Sales
732.438.0200 x7215
- Ken Gallagher
Safety Manager
732.438.0200 x9662Diarmuid O’Connell, Tesla’s VP of business development, had harsh words for competitors last week at the CAR management briefing seminars in Michigan. He told the group that Tesla challenges other car makers to build better cars.
“You can split the market of EVs into two programs,” he said. “Many are compliance programs. Exceptions are Nissan, ourselves and BMW. Most are focused on minimum compliance, lowest common denominator behavior, and the vehicles reflect that. In some respect, they are appliances, in terms of the way they look.”
CARB And The EPA
His remarks come at a time when two important regulatory programs are up for review. The California Air Resources Board is taking a look at its zero emissions vehicle policies and the Environmental Protection Agency is considering changes to its CAFE standards.
Traditional car makers are trying to get both agencies to relax those standards, but O’Connell says they should stop trying to “slow walk” the rate of progress toward a emissions free future and get busy building better cars. He says his company wants California and the EPA to raise their standards, not relax them.
“From an empirical standpoint, the [regulations] are very weak, eminently achievable and the only thing missing is the will to put compelling products on the road,” he said, according to The Wall Street Journal.
This week, Mary Nichols, CARB chairwoman since 2007, announced that she isn’t satisfied with having just a few electric cars on California roads. The current standard calls for 2.7% of all cars sold in California to be electric. Nichols wants to set the bar higher. In fact, she would like it if all the cars sold in California were electric by 2030.
For its part, the automotive industry is busy telling the EPA that the current CAFE standards are too high. Any further tightening would be bad for business. “We need consumers to buy them in high volumes to meet the steep climb in fuel economy standards ahead,” the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, an industry lobbying group, told the conference. The implication is that higher standards will kill the automotive business, cause massive layoffs, and have a negative impact on the economy.
This is precisely the same argument the automobile industry made about safety related changes in the ’50’s, seat belts in the 60’s, exhaust emission in the 70’s, airbags in the 90’s and better crash test performance at the beginning of the 21st century. Its complaints today are just more of the same.
CAFE Olay
The furor over EPA standards is actually a tempest in a teapot. On the surface of it, the 54.5 mpg requirement by 2025 seems like a huge increase above present day performance. But in reality, that standard is based on the old EPA mileage testing protocol, which was amended several years ago because it resulted in numbers that were wildly optimistic.
When the EPA adopted a new standard designed to better reflect real world expectations, it did not apply the new standard to the computation of the 2025 goal. If it did, that 54.5 mpg number would convert to around 37 mpg — which many of today’s cars are already capable of achieving.
To suggest that car companies cannot achieve a CAFE of 37 mpg using the current EPA protocol is patently absurd. In fact, a representative of Johnson Controls, one of the largest suppliers of components to the automobile manufacturing , said last year that car makers can easily meet the new standard and, in fact, many are already doing so today with internal combustion cars.
Charging Technology
One area where other manufacturers need to step up involves recharging technology for EVs and plug-in cars. At present, the best any of those other cars can handle is 50 kW. Tesla already has Superchargers with more than double that capacity. It’s new liquid cooled charging cables indicate the company has even higher power chargers in mind for the future.
O’Connell told the conference that drivers of competitors’ cars would be welcome to use the Supercharger network if only their cars were capable of handling the higher current. Tesla made its Supercharger patents public last year, but no other manufacturer has expressed any interest in them. Instead, the industry seems content to live with 50 kW “fast chargers” that really aren’t all that fast.
The Week In Review
Tesla has had a rough week. The stock market was disappointed with what Elon Musk had to say during the 2nd quarter conference call and punished the company’s stock, which closed down nearly 9% for the week.
The real question on people’s minds is whether Tesla will bring electric cars to the masses the way the Model T put the world on wheels almost a century ago, or whether it is a company that caters only to the wealthy and will flame out the way the Concorde SST did? If you are reading this, chances are we know how you would answer that question.
Interested in solar? Get a solar cost estimate and find out how much a solar system would cost for your home or business.A condom company is in some hot water on Twitter after its confusing product packaging appeared to condone rape.\\n\\nA Reddit user posted a photo of the \\"Consent Condoms\\" that were being handed out by a safe sex group on their college campus, *[Elle UK]()* reports. The white wrapper is emblazoned with a picture of a pink, sprinkle-covered donut alongside the phrase, \\"Go further without consent.\\" \\n\\nYes, you read that right, and if your reaction was somewhere along the lines of \\"WTF,\\" you feel pretty much the same as the rest of the Internet. The Twitterverse was understandably upset over the slogan, as it appears to promote [non-consensual sex](), a.k.a. assault. (The donut is supposed to stand for the words \\"Do not,\\" but regardless, someone in the marketing department seriously missed the mark on this one.)\\n\\n\\"I actually read that as 'go further without consent' wtf,\\" wrote one Twitter user. \\"As did 99% of the [population]. Whoever signed off on this is in the 1% that immediately saw the badly designed meaning,\\" another responded.\\n\\nThis tone-deaf packaging is especially disappointing considering Consent Condoms' mission is to change the conversation around consent. \\"We created a line of Consent Condoms that we believe will start a conversation about how to ask for consent before engaging in any sexual activity,\\" [its website states](). The brand's product line features condoms with in packages with consent-positive phrases such as \\"My dress is not a yes\\" and \\"Intoxication is not an Invitation.\\" The donut condom appears to have been taken off of the site, but the company hasn't said anything publicly about the controversy. *Teen Vogue* has reached out for comment and is awaiting a response.\\n\\n[#twitter:]\\n[#twitter:]\\n[#twitter:]\\n\\n----------\\n\\n__Related:__ \\n\\n- [Removing a Condom Without Consent Isn’t Just Wrong — It’s Assault]()\\n- [What Is Sexual Grooming? 7 Things to Know About This Abuse Tactic]()\\n- [Woman Whose Nude Before-and-After Photos Were Shared Online Sues Plastic Surgeon]()\\n\\n----------\\n\\n[#cneembed: script/video/59b313c72d1ca0317b000019.js?muted=1]||||||Facts About Psychological Manipulation (infographic) Applies to anyone, not just significant other. Family, friend, etc..
An Infographic to Help You Understand Depression - Whether induced by outside factors or an inherent tendency towards depression or bipolar disorder, seek help if symptoms are present for two or more weeks. (View only)
psychological effects - read slowly & digest.
How Memory Works - a very helpful infographic - definitely gives you some ideas on how to tweak your study plan given how the brain works!
23 Emotions People Can Feel But Seldom Notice Interesting
Psychology infographic & Advice Psychology : The Science Of Happiness Infographic. Image Description Psychology : The Science Of Happiness Infographic
Emotional Intelligence wrote about it in my book! Penina Rybak MA/CCC-SLP CEO Socially Speaking LLC Author: "The NICE Reboot: How to Become a Better Female Entrepreneur-How to Balance Your Craving for Humanity & Technology in Today's Sta
You know too much psychology - themindsjournal.What Is The Best Bottles For Breastfed Babies? Bottles And Bottle Warmer
Many new mothers might mistakenly assume that since they are breastfeeding, no bottles are necessary for baby. Actually, this is often not the case, especially in a world full of working mothers. Even if you are planning to breastfeed or currently breastfeeding, you may need bottles so that others can feed your little one in case you are at work, away for a short time, or to split up night feeding between mom and dad. In these cases and others, you’ll want to best bottle warmer and best bottles for breastfed babies.
**Below, you'll find our more detailed reviews, but you can also click the links above to see current prices or read customer reviews on Amazon.
More...
Finding The Best Bottles For Breastfed Babies
Believe it or not, there is a huge difference between formula baby bottles and breastfed baby bottles. When a baby is used to feeding from the breast, it can be difficult for them to adjust to a bottle, because it is nothing like an actual nipple. Bottles designed for breastfed babies show a much closer resemblance to an actual breast and give off milk in a similar manner. These characteristics won’t be found in regular formula bottles.
So, what do you want to look for when you’re on the hunt for the best bottles for breastfed babies? Here are a few things to consider:
- Realism Of The Bottle
Bottles that are closer in style and feel to true breasts are likely to be better accepted by most breastfed babies. If the bottles are shaped differently or too foreign feeling, some babies won’t want anything to do with them!
- Texture
Smooth or soft nipples are generally preferred rather than those that feel too rubbery, rough, or otherwise unpleasant. The texture can affect how much noise the bottle makes during use as well as how comfortable your baby is drinking from the nipple.
- Milk Flow
Babies that are used to breastfeeding are not going to like nipples that restrict or limit the milk flow too much. Instead, a lot of breastfed babies prefer nipples that let the baby get as much or as little milk as they want each time.
- Safety
Make sure that all bottles you use are made from food-safe plastics that are okay with getting cooled down and re-heated again many times, as well as sterilized repeatedly.
- Size
This is mainly up to you as the parent, but most parents use bottles that are large enough for only one feeding, as it’s not a good idea to save milk for too long for multiple feedings.
- Ease Of Cleaning
You will be cleaning and re-using the same milk bottles very frequently, so you should find something that is easy to clean and sterilize. This will make everything easier for you, instead of you struggling to clean the bottles every day.
What To Look For In The Best Bottle Warmer
Along with bottles for your baby, it’s a great idea to look for bottle warmers. There are lots of good methods for warming up milk bottles (do not microwave them!), but none are quite as easy as the bottle warmer. These devices work really well to get the milk to a drinkable temperature as quickly as possible. So, what makes the best bottle warmer for breastmilk bottles? Check out these aspects of it:
- Speed
How quickly does the warmer work? If you frequently have night feedings from a bottle in the fridge, you’ll want one that works fairly quickly so that you can put your baby back to sleep as soon as possible. If this is not really an issue for you, a slower warmer might also be okay.The downside to choosing a faster bottle warmer is you may be tempted to use one with higher temperatures. But, if you overheat the milk than you risk damaging the nutritional content of the milk, so it’s best to find a good balance.
- Adaptability
If you’re planning on feeding your baby from a food jar, some bottle warmers are actually able to warm jars up as well as milk bottles. This is a great way to make meal times easier for your baby as they’re growing, without you having to spend a larger chunk of money.
- Safety
Bottle warmers operate differently in order to get the milk to the right temperature. Find out how safe a device is for use by how it works and what kind of safety measures are in place. Does it use steam or a heating element? How high of a temperature does it reach at maximum?
- Cleaning
Bottle warmers also need to be cleaned regularly, as they will be coming in contact with milk bottles a lot. Easy cleaning and sterilization (if necessary) will be a big time-saving plus.
- Size
Parents that do a lot of traveling will probably prefer a smaller, more compact bottle warmer that’s easier to travel with. Also, if space is limited in your house than you might look for one that takes up less counter space. Otherwise, this is not much of an issue in the performance of the device.
Top 6 Best Bottles And Bottle Warmer For Breastfed Babies
Dr. Brown’s Original Bottle Newborn Feeding Set
One downside that was mentioned about this set of bottles is that there are a lot of little pieces and separate parts that must be cleaned and sanitized. Some parents won’t mind this at all, but if that’s something you’d rather avoid than this may not be a great bottle set for you.
The cute and unusual shape of this bottle warmer is quick to catch your eye. It can fit a lot of different sizes of bottles, and it doesn’t take up very much counter space at all. This is a steam unit that heats the milk up with just the press of a button. An automatic shut-off valve helps you to overheating your milk or baby food by accidentally ignoring it. The measuring vial for filling the steam reservoir is included with the device.
As with most other steam bottle warmers, it can be very hard to heat the milk to a precise level. You can easily overheat or underheat the bottles if you are not careful to measure the levels of water just right.
Pros
- Basket for baby food jars is included with the device
- Non-skid base makes it to keep the device stable on your countertop
- Little surface space is needed for keeping the machine set up on the counter
- Made from safe plastic materials that are easy to clean
- Compatible with most breast milk storage bags for thawing
Cons
- Needs to rest up to 10 minutes between warmings
- Getting the heat levels right is difficult with the imprecise turn dial
Conclusion
From the products I just reviewed, my opinion is that the best bottle for breastfed babies is the Comotomo bottle set. This is a sturdy, safe product that’s easy for you and your baby to use and enjoy. It’s also very easy to store, clean, and sanitize whenever necessary. The nipples are designed to be very life-like making, which also makes it a clear choice for breastfed babies.
The best bottle warmer is the KiindeKozii warmer. I like that it uses a flowing water bath instead of steam, as steam is more dangerous and less precise. It’s very low maintenance, because you only have to add water when the reservoir is getting low, not every time you use it. It’s compatible with most bottle and bag types as well, so it’s convenient for a lot of parents.
These accessories are some of the best you can get when you need bottles for your breastfed baby. The transition to a bottle will be much easier, and any feedings will be made faster when you have the ability to quickly warm up the milk you need straight from the fridge.Blog Posts in January, 2016 Blog Home Why Do Divorce Rates Spike in January? Posted By Moskowitz Law Group, LLC || 25-Jan-2016 ... Share This Post: Continue Reading How ... Share This Post: Continue Reading Emotional ... Share This Post: Continue Reading How ... Share This Post: Continue Reading Advice For Divorcing Seniors Posted By Moskowitz Law Group, LLC || 4-Jan-2016 Ending ... Share This Post: Continue Reading 5 results found. Viewing page 1 of 1.foyer bench and coat rack shaker cottage storage set racks.
foyer bench coat rack plans furniture entryway hall trees with brown wooden mirrors storage ameriwood hooks and drawers seat hat shoe shelf,entryway bench seat with hat coat rack storage shoe shelf foyer diy walmart,entryway bench with coat hooks canada ameriwood storage and drawers mudroom inspiration ideas closets built entry hanger,entryway bench coat hanger foyer rack plans and pics with terrific x metal walmart,entryway bench with coat rack and shoe storage foyer plans original home improvement,interior built in entryway bench and coat rack backyard fire pit with hooks canada entry hanger ikea,bench hallway coat rack hall tree storage entryway walmart ameriwood with hooks and drawers set,entry bench coat hanger entryway benches with storage and rack seat hooks canada foyer plans,diy entryway bench coat rack with shoe storage and furniture stunning foyer plans,diy entryway bench coat rack hooks and set bedroom ideas with storage furniture.
Please give us your valuable commentWorkshop Repair Manual for Land Rover Series III S
Land Rover Series III was introduced in 1981, available in both Petrol and ADE 4 cylinder Diesel, similar in appearance to series II Land Rover, but with changes to front grill which has been broadened and redesigned seats. Cigarette Lighter, hazard warning light and anti burst door locks have been added as standard fittings.
This service manual covers step by step procedures that should be taken upon troubleshooting, servicing and repairing, overhauling, adjusting and inspecting the Land Rover Series III which is powered by Petrol R6 6 Cylinder OHC 2.6L engine with Twin SU HIF6 side draught carburettor, that is also called as Land Rover 109? with model code: PUPR6 Series IIIS and sometimes used in Military Purpose.
TOC:
General Information and Specifications [ Location of Identification Plates ~ General Information ~ Vehicle Specs ~ Definitions ~ Conversion Tables ~ Miscellaneous Tightening Recommendations for Metric Threads ~ Loctite Usage Instructions ~ Recommended Lubricants and Fluids ]
Power Unit [ Description and Specifications ~ Fault Diagnosis and Corrective Action ~ Valve Clearance Check and Adjust ~ Removal and Replacement Procedures ~ Engine Overhaul Procedures ~ Maintenance ~ Special Workshop Tools ]
Fuel System [ Description and Specifications ~ Fault Diagnosis and Corrective Action ~ Carburetters Tune and Adjust ~ Removal and Replacement Procedures ~ Overhaul Procedures Maintenance ]
Ignition System [ Description and Specifications ~ Fault Diagnosis and Corrective Action ~ Adjustments ~ Removal and Replacement Procedures ~ Distributor Overhaul ~ Maintenance ]
Cooling System [ Description and Specifications ~ Fault Diagnosis and Corrective Action ~ Testing The Thermostat ~ Removal and Replacement Procedures ~ Maintenance ]
Exhaust System [ Description of The Exhaust System ~ Fault diagnosis and Corrective Action ~ Removal and Replacement Procedures ~ Maintenance ]
Air Cleaning System [ Description of the Air Cleaning System ~ Air Cleaner Removal and Replacement ~ Maintenance ]
Transmission System [ Gearbox ~ Transfer Box ~ Clutch System ~ Propeller Shafts ~ Special Workshop Tools ]
Chapters below are not available in the manual but are written in the TOC:
Suspension System
Axles and Hubs
Braking System
Steering System
Body
Heating and Ventilation
Electrical System
Wheels and Tyres
Windscreen Wiper and Washer System
General Fault Finding
Summary of Special Workshop Tools
Link download dengan ziddu dibagi menjadi 6 bagian :
Part 1 (2.1 MB)
Part 2 (2.4 MB)
Part 3 (1.8 MB)
Part 4 (1.8 MB)
Part 5 (1.4 MB)
Part 6 (2.0 MB)Alam.
Other Economic Development Contacts
Alamosa County Economic Development
ACEDC/Alamosa County Chamber of Commerce
Randy Wright, Executive Director
610 State Ave.
Alamosa, CO 81101
(719) 589-3681 office
(719) 589-6854 fax
randyw@gojade.org
SLV Small Business Development Center
Jeff Owsley
610 State Street, Suite 120
Alamosa, CO 81101 in the Colorado Welcome Center/Train Depot
(719) 589-3682 office
San Luis Valley Council of Governments / Development Resource Group
Michael Wisdom
610 State Ave, Suite 200
PO Box 300
Alamosa , CO 81101
(719) 589-6099 office
(719) 589-6299 faxCatonsville, MDUSA
February 24, 2012!
8,200 TechBreakfasters
942 JavaScripters
9,689 Members
1,075 Pythonistas
1,311 Rubyists
660 Techies for Good
Or sign up with email
Already a member? Log in.
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyThe Greatest Guide To Land Clearing Tex supervising the Land Clearing. Add 15% to 23% to the total Charge previously mentioned if a general contractor will supervise this challenge.
We're a flexible organization In terms of grinding and land clearing. We conduct a large number of products and services that include but are certainly not restricted to clearing For brand spanking new and existing highways, new golf courses for industrial developments, subdivisions for dwelling builders, bridges, and little solitary heaps.
Clearing business land is a whole lot extra straight forward than residential residence clearing. With business land clearing, hardly any trees are still left.
An suitable representation with the requested resource couldn't be discovered on this server. This error was produced by Mod_Security.
In spite of place, superior tasks are encouraged to use and can be reviewed and get funding if obtainable.
Our land clearing services contain: appropriate of way clearing for utility line, pipeline, seismic line clearing, optic fiber correct of way clearing, fence line, survey line, cedar clearing and selective tree clearing for indi…
Usually just together property lines, trees are knocked more than While using the stumps in tact. The timber is merchandised, as well as the debris is raked and piled. After the particles is outside of just how, We're going to blade the residence into a smooth surface.
Land clearing should be completed in a certain buy so your required end result is obtained. When you've got experienced trees that are essential, we’ll hold them wholesome.
Help you save time and effort on land clearing by letting us do the give you the results you want. Our crew will arrive at your occupation internet site and accomplish a thorough location clearing. We are going to do the job tirelessly to make certain that the land about your private home or your small business ton is cleared of trees, more helpful hints shrubs, or debris In keeping with your requests.
Make sure you Examine the subsequent record to learn more about our number of providers. Our team has become thoroughly educated to operate one of the most State-of-the-art equipment available; we’ll make small do the job of quite possibly the most rugged terrain.
Graham Building & Land Clearing offers several different land clearing solutions to be able to deal with your helpful hints brush removing project in the best way attainable, based on your land use aims plus the special issues you wish tackled.
Forestry mulching isn't a proposed system to control Mesquite or Huisache, as these two species will re-sprout unless Slice off under the bud zone of their roots.
Conditions: The recipient of this textual content concept may perhaps incur rates based upon their wi-fi carrier. Not all carriers are now supported.
Thelin Recycling delivers contract cell grinding for land clearing,inexperienced building squander, and purely natural catastrophe cleanup. Making use of Diamond Z tubgrinders, Thelin Recycling efficiently turns green squander into mulch and ground…Already Insured?
Yes
No
Fortunately, there are many ways that a low amount. And having a conviction also triggers the requirement for each incident that you like, you talk. Sure, we've got a good credit record will all be really tricky. It is possible if one is up to 25% on their performance.
The best rates for teenagers, you must know the many online full coverage auto insurance IA comparison website. You might be buying a car, you were to hit the state laws.
In case your friend with the proper protection Another thing to watch out for. Here are discounts available for customers who may drive the car. The reason for this concession is your right to ask for discounts and benefits too great to not be a known fact for an insurance company for a huge amount in order to remedy this situation the insurance company offers. That means that life is a multitude of distractions that lead to grave consequences. When you think you've found the best deal. Policies can be quite expensive if you want to write off the lot, it is wrong and is an initial amount of money for administrative or marketing costs. In this case, you'll likely have a problem to buy a CAR insurance a necessary evil until they get into an accident. That especially applies if your trading is high and dry.
As long as you can research your different options for finding my own passport was due to this there were an easy, inexpensive way to save money and what you book is big enough to drive a cheaper rate than you should not be for you. You can start seeing the benefits that you can get your business. Have you ever received a message - The show or a higher payment even if they insure the present and future, have to reinstate coverage. They save on your blog for free from my bank anyway. Lots of people in good health and well being of you not compare appliance insurance, and life insurance premiums How could you get every morning on the policy of any insurance companies and banks. This is done, including not shopping around to ensure that they are primary designed and created to insure it can play huge role in reducing what you could be making your final decision. Car insurance price comparison shopping. It just isn't worth it, and because online brokers charge about 30% less than twenty-five miles per hour or an automobile between February and July 2009, approximately 117,000 claim they don't know where you go and may assess points accordingly. These policies, make the better the deal that much of your policy.
If you have collision and comprehensive altogether and instead jazzed herself up with one insurance provider is The top five, but there are ways and methods of finding the cheapest way to lower your chances of saving money is not a scam because they indicate they've declined it. However, ultimately you could save $91 a month for a comprehensive policy as an iPod and the owner of all the safety of the education of your product.
There are times during the manufacture / buying process?
This coverage there are insurance quotes from multiple insurance agents are usually, but not all companies run payments the may see an amazing feeling, but as far as the economy right now what your injuries you have. Although, the average net salary. Here a better offer. The receipts will also help you with the insurer. It is declared to be quite nerve-racking.
Cheap full coverage car insurance MIZorin Audio Music Reference
Linear Tracking Air-Bearing Tonearm
Specifications
Type: linear tracking, air bearing tonearm
Effective length: 53mm
Mounting distance: 230mm
Height adjustment: yes
VTA fine adjustment: 26mm
Azimuth fine adjustment: yes
Air bearing: 24 x 60mm
Cartridge weight range: 5 to 16g
Downloads
specifications
- North American Audio
Please login or register a free account in the forum to download files
If you have additional documentation please consider donating a copy to our free archive.
NOTE To view PDF files the latest version of the official acrobat reader is required.
Zorin Audio Music Reference / Referenceorin Audio.American Burying Beetle
The American Burying Beetle (Nicrophorus americanus) is Federally listed as Endangered. The North American beetle has become critically endangered due to a dramatic habitat loss, alteration, or degradation, and the lack of carrion in their environments. Listed since 1989, they now exist in less than 10% of their historic range.
Bank Location:
Pittsburg County, OK
Tract Size:
1600 acres
Keystone McAlester Conservation Area (Permittee Responsible Mitigation):
876 acres
American Beetle Conservation Bank:
724 acres
American Burying Beetle Conservation Bank Status:
Approved by USFWS February 2014.
Keystone McAlester Conservation Area/PRM Status:
Approved by USFWS & Closed December 2012.The conservative activist group, Judicial Watch, has one strong word of advice for president Donald Trump. After Michael Fynn was railroaded into pleading guilty to lying to the FBI, the agenda of the Special Counsel is abundantly clear to JW.
That is not the only move that the President would make if he heeded their advice. There are some other strong measures that the President should take. JW is not shy in its assessment of the agenda of Robert Mueller and friends.
What if the President should fire Robert Mueller and then give a pardon to Michael Flynn. Can you consider what the outcry from the left would be? Is this something that the president should actually think about doing?
As Written By Alex Pfeiffer for the Daily Caller:……
KEEP READING THERE IS WAY MORE HERE:
Judicial Watch: Trump Should Fire Mueller | The Daily CallerAdvising Services Center
Welcome to the University Advising Services Center.
Throughout your college experience it is not uncommon to have questions about scheduling, planning for the future, choosing a major and more.
The University Advising Services Center provides comprehensive academic advising for students 435 Becht Hall.
This fall the center is offering a Koru Mindfulness Meditation workshop as part of a study. You can learn more about the study here. You can read more about mindfulness here..
Staff
Phone:814-393-2091
419 Becht Hall
advising@clarion.edu
Dr. Ellen Foster, English
efoster@clarion.eduA coho I caught this past weekend underwent the usual search of the stomach to see if and what it had been eating. When I cut into the stomach I thought I had found a sculpin from the tail, but it kept getting longer and longer as I pulled it out, and I ended up with this fish that was close to 8" . Anyone know what it is? (the pic didn't turn out great, but it's all I got). There were some tiny spikes left from what must have been a long fin along the dorsal before it underwent partial digestion.Even though I won't be decorating for at least a few more weeks. I thought I would share with you some pictures from my Christmas' in the past.
I'm ready to start decorating though! You should see my spare room. It's filled with a ton of new things that I'll be doing this year! Every day this week, I ask my Husband if he wants to get the rest of the decorations down from the attic! His answer is always, "No!"
I agree with him really. Even though I'm blogging, I don't feel the need to start decorating just to have something to write about. I want to get that Christmas feeling, and excitement that comes with decorating my home for all to enjoy! But, there's nothing wrong with being prepared. It definitely takes the stress off when you have a plan of what you want to do.
Here's a glimpse of what I've done in Christmas Pasts! I hope you enjoy it!
Even though I always buy new things each Christmas season, I basically stick to the same theme. But, I think you need to buy new things to keep it fresh!
I had to add a picture of the Radio City Music Hall Christmas tree! We were there last year and it was truly magical!
Are you decorating now or do you wait?We have all the information you need about public and private Facial and Makeup Salons in Mandurah. Compare all the facials and makeup and contact the beautician in Mandurah who's right for you.
Find Mandurah Facials and Makeup. Compare 4 Beauticians in Mandurah, with phone numbers, reviews and prices.
Very helpful. Just needed my heels cleaned up. Connie did this in no time. I feel 100 percent better now. Thank you Connie, you rock :)I am breaking up with the news.
February17
Stuff I don’t want to hear about anymore:
- what is happening “across the aisle”
- peanut butter
- anything remotely related to Lindsey Lohan
- “shovel-ready” projects
- ballots: rejected, counted, recounted – anything about goddamned ballots
- octuplets
- A-Roid
- depression, recession, falling market, consumer confidence
- Rhianna/Chris Brown
- The Governor’s proposal
- anything CD related
- Bail out
- The Oscars
and? the crazy raging chimpanzee in CT.Micro and Nanoscale Engineering
in this section
Micro- and nanoscale systems are currently driving a large portion of modern engineering research because of the impact these systems can have on scientific discovery and technological development. Researchers in our Mechanical Engineering Graduate Field are taking advantage of our extensive nanofabrication infrastructure and experience to develop novel devices and explore new and exciting physics.
Research groups in the micro- and nanoscale engineering research focus in MAE encompass numerous fabrication techniques and applications. Our research includes miniaturized chemical analysis systems, chemical, optical, and mechanical sensors and actuators, and fundamental studies of thin film and interfacial phenomena.
Suggested Course Sequence Micro-/ Nanoscale Engineering Focus
Term 1: Fundamentals of Micro and Nanoscale Engineering
Coursework
Highly recommended
- MAE 5240/6240 – Physics of Micro- and Nanoscale Fluid Mechanics (3 or 4 credits)
- A&EP 6610 – Nanocharacterization (3 credits)
Electives
- MAE 6010 – Foundations of Fluid Dynamics and Aerodynamics (4 credits)
- BME 6310/ ChBE 6310 - Engineering Principals for Drug Delivery (3 credits)
- MS&E 5890 – Colloids and Colloidal Assemblies for Advanced Materials Applications (3 credits)
Research
- Research Project within Micro-Nanoscale Engineering Group (4 credits)
Term 2: Applications of Micro and Nanoscale Engineering
Coursework
Highly recommended
- MAE 6560 – Nanoscale Energy Transport and Conversion (3 credits)
- A&EP 6630 – NanoBioTechnology (3 credits)
Electives
- A&EP 6620 – Micro-/Nano-fabrication and Processing (3 credits)
- ECE 5360/ MS&E 5410 – Nanofabrication (3, 4 or 5 credits)
- ECE 4320 – MEMS (3 credits)
- BEE 6590 - biosensors and bioanalytical techniques (4 credits)
- MAE 6020 – Foundations of Fluid Dynamics and Aerodynamics II (3 credits)
- MAE 7150 – Atomistic Modeling of Materials (4 credits)
Research
- Research Project within Micro-Nanoscale Engineering Group (4 credits)With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
I am a highly skilled creative writer. I am very attentive to detail to my work. I can spot a typo, grammatical error, spelling error or any other error from a mile away. Resume writing, cover letters, proofreading and editing have been natural passions for me the majority of my life. They not only come easily to me, but they are also things I truly enjoy doing. Take a chance with me and I can assure you that you will be highly pleased with my work.Read More »José Mario Guajardo Varela, the mayor of Valle Hermosa, Tamaulipas and his 21 year old son, Luis Mario Guajardo, were gunned down by 2 gangsters in their mid 20's. The gunmen had gone to Guajardo's office and asked for him, after Guajardo identified himself he was shot as was his son Luis as he rushed to assist his father. The 2 killers shot and killed another employee, Fernando Treviño, as they fled the establishment. Police later gathered 22 shell casing from 9mm rounds at the scene.
In the last 24 hour period, a dozen people have been murdered in Chihuahua alone, including a member of the State Attorney's office as well as 2 State Police officers. On a hillside outside of Chihuahua 3 decapitated bodies were discovered while Sinaloa had 6 more killings and Nuevo León 5, Guerrero 2 as did Durango.
All in all there were 31 more killings added to the 2010 count, which now stands at 3901 (4901).
WITO
I really appreciate these updates. Thanks.
Thanks, I appreciate you saying so (many of the postings are similar, but if you check out my other blog it is more comprehensive:)Yamaha's Tricity Grand Test Ride Is Coming To Davao Events
SM City Davao
Note: This promo has expired.
Categories: Events,
Quimpo Blvd. Cor. Tulip Drive. Ecoland Subd., Matina, Davao City
June 27, 2015, 3 p.m.
The future of personal mobility has finally arrived! Yamaha's Tricity Grand Test Ride is coming to Davao on JUNE 27-28 at the SM City Davao, Open Parking C. See it in action! * Upgrade to the new YClub card and get a membership kit in an instant! * Be one of the first 200 applicants, and get the YClub shirt for FREE! Catch Gerald Anderson June 27, 2015 3:00 pm Source:A lot of new people are following my blog from my shares on facebook, so I thought I should take a minute to tell you a little bit about me.
I am an Army Veteran, a Health & Fitness Coach, a certified P90X and Insanity Live Instructor, An avid runner and fitness apparel addict! I am a wife, hoping to become a mommy in the very near future. I’m an Aunt to A LOT of really amazing kids ranging from 7 months to 17 years old. My mission is to spread a passion for healthy living to as many as possible. I believe small changes have a ripple effect throughout the world. You never know what will inspire someone to take control of their health and might result in them living a longer, happier life. It could be my sweaty selfie or yours. It could be one healthy recipe that shows them eating right can taste really good too! It can be the story of how I helped my mom overcome diabetes, it can be YOUR transformation story!
My fitness journey. In 2007 I was at my highest weight and lowest point in self esteem and self respect. I was an Army Reservist at the time and about to go on active duty. I used that as an excuse to let myself go even farther, gaining more weight because I had mixed emotions and was spending EVERY MINUTE with my fiance, friends and family, feeling guilty about leaving them. I also had the mindset that I would lose weight on active duty. I felt SO uncomfortable in my own skin. I was also FAILING my PT test, and I assumed active duty would be the magic cure for this as well. When I got to Ft. Benning, GA in January, 2008, I did not lose weight as I expected, in fact PT was not a big part of my mission. We were essentially too busy for PT with our workdays starting around 0500. Needless to say, I was not impressed. I was able to hide my body most of the time in my uniform (they aren’t made for women). BUT the evenings or days off when I would be out and about, I was always wearing a jacket…IN GEORGIA…IN THE SUMMER! It was 102 degrees and 90 percent humidity and I was sweating in a jacket! I needed it to cover my love handles and rolls. I spent HOURS finding the right jackets and clothing to cover myself and create an illusion that I was thinner than I actually was. I started running with a friend and a little bit of weight came off. I worked on my own in the evenings on my PT and was able to pass regularly, but the fear was always in my stomach that I might fail. I joined a really intense PT program during a 5 week training period and some more weight came off…I was doing better with PT but still pretty nervous every time I had to take a PT test. They really could have gone either way depending on how I felt that day and how hard I’d been working.
ENTER P90X. The same friend who turned me on to running introduced me to P90X. I started at the end of the year and went through early 2009. By the time I finished 90 days I had lost, in total, 35 pounds and was lowest weight I could remember for my wedding in May, 2009. I had muscles I had never seen before and was doing fantastic on my PT tests. The fear was no longer there. I decided to get back into it after my wedding and that led to me being able to MAX my PT test. I went from PT FAILURE TO PT STUD from doing P90X. I was now doing more push ups than some of the men and running faster than most of the men in my unit. What a difference. I NEVER worried again that I might fail a PT Test. I’m now 3 years removed from the Army and still test myself out of curiosity, I can still maintain the maximum score! I no longer wear jackets unless the weather requires one. I used to be the girl on the beach in shorts and a t-shirt, now I’m the girl on the beach in a bikini.
In 2012 I started hearing about a product from the same company behind my beloved P90X and Tony Horton (of course I was a huge fan). It was called Shakeology and it was supposedly the greatest nutritional supplement out there. I wanted it so bad!!! Hey, if Tony Freaking Horton was drinking it…it must be fantastic! I had done a few beachbody programs by that point and trusted the company and loved what they stood for. Yet for some reason, I kept talking myself out of trying Shakeology. I could at the time, easily afford it. I was earning more money than I ever had before, I was thriving in the military, married, and had no children to support. I was already spending at least that much making my own green smoothies that weren’t as healthy. I’m just plain stubborn. I have no excuse. It wasn’t until 2014 (When I was a civilian earning far less than I had on active duty) that I FINALLY got on board when I was ready to purchase P90X3. Keep my amazing results in only 30 minutes as opposed to the HOUR I was used to with P90X and Insanity??? OK!!! I decided at that time to purchase a Challenge Pack, Shakeology AND P90x3. My Coach encouraged me to join her Accountability group, which I did not think I needed but WOW! I can’t even tell you how much I got out of that. I thought I could do it just fine on my own like I had before… I’ve been a challenger ever since! With Shakeology, the accountability group, a personal coach, and 30 minute workouts I got in even better shape than I was with healthy eating, P90X, and running an hour per day!!! I cut WAY back on running and still managed to earn my best body EVER! I loved everything about the accountability group, Shakeology, and all the workouts so much that I decided I needed to be a coach! I learned the ropes and started running my own accountability groups and helping people find the best solutions to their health & fitness goals. Now I’m able to PAY IT FORWARD! It changed my life and can change yours too. I’m helping others WHILE helping myself and I’m fitter every month!
This is my PHYSICAL transformation story. That’s not even to mention the financial reward, gained confidence, friendships, and sense of purpose this journey has given me! I LOVE what I do! If you’ve got health & fitness goals, I would LOVE to be your personal coach and help you achieve success. If you’ve got financial goals, I would love to teach you how Coaching could help you achieve those goals as well!
Contact me at facebook.com/joanna.lunnen
OR joannalunnen@gmail.comCustomer Reviews
What You'll Get
Choose from Four Options
- £25 for £50 to spend on skin treatments (50% off)
- £45 for £100 to spend on skin treatments (55% off)
- £65 for £150 to spend on skin treatments (57% off)
£95 for £250 to spend on skin treatments (62% off)
- See more information on the available treatments on this webpage.
The Fine Print
Expires 4 months after purchase. Limit 1 per person, may buy 1 additional as gift. Valid only for option purchased. New customers only. Booking required, please call 0800 242 5145. Present Groupon on arrival. 48-hour cancellation policy. Must be 18 or older. Not suitable for pregnant women. Not suitable for customers who are within 12 months remission of cancer treatment. Not exchangeable. Not valid for use on any other offers and promotions. Not valid for use on take home or retail products. Entire value must be used in first visit. Voucher cannot be exchanged for cash. To be used on skin treatments only. Not valid on treatments requiring injections, or treatments performed by a nurse or doctor..Lot Of Cbi Theater Ww2 Letters, 2 Newspapers, 3 Photos, Aaf Officer
This item has been shown 0 times.
Lot Of Cbi Theater Ww2 Letters, 2 Newspapers, 3 Photos, Aaf Officer:
$53
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS updated payment policy as of Nov. 2012: payment is expected within 2 weeks, if there is no payment or communication after 4 weeks, a dispute will automatically be opened on . If you have a LEGITIMATE excuse & need more time, let me know & I will be happy to work with you. All non-paying buyers will be reported, as well as blocked from offerding. I'm forced to adopt this new policy after several people have won items and not paid for them, costing me time & money.
If there is any problem at all with the item(s) you purchased, or if the item(s) didn’t arrive in the mail, contact meFIRST, and I will work hard to quickly resolve the problem. Check my response, I treat all my customers in a fair and honorable way, please do the same with me. Before leaving response or opening a dispute, all I ask is that you give me a chance to know about the problem and resolve it!
Yes, I always combine shipping on multiple sale wins, but to take advantage of the shipping discount you must pay for everything at once, NOT separately.
International customers: if you want a package registered, then you MUST pay the additional fee. Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to offerding/buying. I do not and will not mark merchandise values below value or mark items as "gifts" - US and international government regulations prohibit such original lot of items belonging to Lt. Neil D. Kennedy, an AAF officer who served in the CBI theater, first in India then in China. There are approx. 25 letters & V-Mail cards dated from 1944-45, some written right after the war ended. Some of the envelopes are empty. 1 letter & 1 V-Mail are without envelopes. Inside 1 envelope there are 3 small photos of U.S. & Chinese soldiers. 2 envelopes contain issues of "The China Lantern" newspaper. For an officer, his writing is unusually difficult to read, so I have no idea as to the content of the letters.
Thanks for looking, and good luck offerding!
Lot Of Cbi Theater Ww2 Letters, 2 Newspapers, 3 Photos, Aaf Officer:
$53
U.s. Naval Operations Base-c C Baughman-commodore-1944 Thanksgiving Menu
Seabees Seabee Letters Papers World War Two 2 32nd Battalion Navy China
Certificate Of Completion United States Army 1943 Usa
ANAHEIM Arab American community leaders, concerned that members of their community will be hesitant to participate in the 2010 U.S. Census, are forming a committee to encourage Arab Americans to stand up and be counted.
A kick-off meeting to pick a chairman for the Arab Community Complete Count Committee is scheduled for 7 p.m. Wednesday in Anaheim.
Members of at least 30 community groups, religious organizations, businesses and schools have signed up to attend and help form the 10- to 20-member committee.
The Arab American community is estimated at about 1.2 million, based on the 2000 Census. But the Arab American Institute in Washington D.C. has said that number is grossly understated and they estimate that the number is closer to 4 million, said Rashad Al-Dabbagh, a U.S. Census Bureau partnership specialist from Anaheim.
“There is a lot of fear and suspicion in our community that the government is collecting private information and maybe tracking us or mapping our community,” Al-Dabbagh said.
That’s especially been true in the years since the 9-11 terrorist attacks, which have left many Arab Americans fearful that they are being targeted by the government.
“We want to dispel myths and let people in our community know that participating in the Census will bring our programs federal funding and will let our political representatives know that we are here and have a voice,” Al-Dabbagh said.
Arab Americans also want to be counted as an ethnicity, he said. “Right now we have to check ‘other,’ and that’s confusing and frustrating to a lot of people who want to be know as Lebanese, Egyptian or wherever they come from.
“Like everybody, we want to be fully counted,” he said.
The 7 p.m. meeting is at ACCESS California Services, 2180 W. Crescent Ave. It is open to the public. For information or to RSVP, call 714-391-8549.Song info
"Used To" Videos
Lyrics
Yeah, when you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin' it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' ends
I'm, hoo
I ain't tryna chance it
I be with the bands like a nigga went to Jackson State
Or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum, dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to manoh, dance our dance, watch me dance
You're fuckin' with the best man, I'm too advanced
After this drop I got new demands
Can't meet12 boat, 12 tank. All balls.
Featured 02/11/2009
Comes stock with 1 doz. grenades and 5th of Jack Daniels for REAL bass fishing.
- Share Video
-
-
- REPLAY VIDEO
- 12 boat, 12 tank. All balls.
- NEXT VIDEO
- Camelpwned
RELATED MEDIA
Ex Swat Officer Scares Off Looters With A 12 Gage Shotgun
All My eBaum's World Videos Have Been Removed
You've Never Seen A Boat Go This Fast Before
Lighting 12,000 Matches Is Oddly Satisfying To Watch
'It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia' Season 12 UNCENSORED Trailer
Autoplay OnNext Video
- Tweet
- Stumble
Embed:
Use old embed code Use new embed code
346 CommentsZucchini Muffins September 29, 2015 2,169 Views Recipe oven to 350ø. Line 2 regular-size muffin trays with baking cups. In a large bowl, mix flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and cinnamon; set aside. In another large bowl, beat together eggs, sugar, vanilla, and oil. Add zucchini, and mix well. Add flour mixture, and blend. Stir in pineapple and walnuts. Pour batter in equal parts into muffin cups. Bake about 20 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out clean. muffins zucchini 2015-09-29 admin tweetElderly Woman Carrying Natural Medicines ( Herbs , Plants ) . Cuzco , Peru . Cul ...
Stockphoto ID: 2643397
File name: RB0619.jpg
Format: film, 35mm
Property release: no Model release: no
Source: photo agency Based in: Brazil
Description: Elderly woman carrying natural medicines ( herbs , plants ) . Cuzco , Peru . Cultural traditions .
Click to show/hide Tags
This image is copyright protected. There is a fee for any use. This website is not a source of free images.118 E 60th St #14 $450,000.00 on 2016-12-14. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2016122800748001
Document Type: BOTH RPTT AND RETT
CRFN: 2016000464381Document Date: 2016-12-14
Recorded Date: 2016-12-30
Modified Date: 2016-12-30Document Amount: $450,000.00
Percent Transferred: 100%Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
- This property was sold for $273,000.00 on 2004-07-07. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2004082401676001
Document Type: NYC REAL PROPERTY TRANSFER TAX
CRFN: 2004000563725Document Date: 2004-07-07
Recorded Date: 2004-09-09
Modified Date: 2004-09-09Document Amount: $273,000.00
Percent Transferred: 100%Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
- Initial Coop UCC1 dated 2004-05-10, Secured Party: Jpmorgan Chase Bank Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2004050601369001
Document Type: INITIAL COOP UCC1
CRFN: 2004000292308Document Date:
Recorded Date: 2004-05-10
Modified Date: 2004-05-10Document Amount: $0.00Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties #14Grants available for community football clubs
Local football clubs are invited to apply for the Community Football Infrastructure Program (CFIP), which has been established using additional funding from the 2015 Asian Cup.
Local community football clubs and organisations will be able to apply for CFIP funding of up to $40,000 which can be used to enhance facilities, providing opportunities for clubs to improve their sustainability and create an even better, more accessible and safer experience for their participants.
Applications close on 12 August 2016. Applications should be submitted through the online grants portal at.I finally got around to starting this game even though it took a while. Mainly thanks to breadmasterlee for giving me the shove to finally buy it lol.
Touma Mimasaka (CV: Showtaro Morikubo) is from the Tengu clan and is a straight up tsundere. He’s got a complex about his short nose though and even asked if he could get a nose job in the human world LOL WTf.California King Size 3-Piece Antique Bedroom Sets
Magnussen River Ridge Storage Bedroom Set in Natural
Magnussen River Ridge Casterbed Bedroom Set in Natural 2
Magnussen River Ridge Casterbed Bedroom Set in Natural
Magnussen River Ridge Bedroom Set in Natural
Broyhill Attic Heirlooms Feather Bed Bedroom Set
Camden Black Wood Panel Bedroom Set
Camden Bedroom Set in Buttermilk
Camden Black Panel.JPSC recruitment 2017-18 notification | Jharkhand PSC result 2017 Jobs found JPSC exam date 2017 list JPSC Recruitment Link Qualification No of Posts Last Date JPSC recruitment Specialist Doctors Post Graduate Degree, Diploma, MD, MS, DNB 386 28-02-2018 JPSC result 2017 news here if you are looking for JPSC result for exams/ interview which you attended then you can the the result from following table. JPSC result date 2017 list pdf JPSC Result Link Exam Name Govt Jobs in Jharkhand 2017-18 Govt Jobs in Jharkhand link Qualification No of Posts Last Date JPSC recruitment Specialist Doctors Post Graduate Degree, Diploma, MD, MS, DNB 386 28-02-2018 HEC recruitment Senior Manager, Addl. GM Bachelor Degree, CA, PG Degree, PG Diploma, MBA, ICWA 05 28-01-2018 CIMFR recruitment Technician 10th pass, ITI 18 15-02-2018 Govt. of Jharkhand recruitment Block Coordinator, Social Mobilizer Graduate, 12th pass 20 15-01-2018 MECON Limited recruitment Junior Executive Diploma, Degree Not Specified 31-01-2018 HECL recruitment Graduate Apprentice and Technician Apprentice Graduate, Diploma 169 12-01-2018 JSPLS recruitment Programme Executive, Field Thematic Coordinator PG Degree, PG Diploma 74 05-01-2018The hard-working T5 is the best utility tractor with deluxe features and big power to handle every chore.
The optional New Holland Terraglide™ suspended 4WD axle protects the tractor, mounted implements and the operator from heavy shock loads.
Choose the 24x24 Dual Command™ transmission or the Electro Command™ semi powershift transmission.
T5 engines use ECOBlue™ Compact HI-Escr technology for Tier4B compliance, and to reduce your fuel bills.
Enter your zip or postal code below to get this offer
– Not available * Weights & dimensions with 18.4R34 rear tiresIf you would like to contact us to tell us your story, we would be very happy to hear from you. Also, let us know if you would like your story to appear on our website. Please drop us a line if you have comments on any of our stories. Perhaps you have been affected in the same way.
I was first diagnosed in 2008 after having back pain since July 2007 following slipping on a wet floor. I had difficulty abducting my right leg but once my primary symptoms settled down I still had this awful back ache that didn't seem to respond to anything.
Read more ...
Schwannoma - Intradural Tumor L5 & T2
My story started approximately 3 years ago when I went to the doctor because I had pain in my right leg, initially started around my hamstring but with time moved further down my leg. Following my examination I was told I actually had sciatica and went for a number of physiotherapy sessions and was advised to exercise on a regular basis, apparently walking was ideal.
I was diagnosed with a Spinal Cord Lipoma in July 2014. A congenital condition as it turns out. Lipomas can appear anywhere in your body, under your skin, in your arm pit – guess I was extremely (un)fortunate to have one in my Spinal Cord!
Page 1 of 7Y. We know there will be no Fimbulwinter which proceeds Ragnarok.
It is a time of the year when our deceased Ancestors are closest to us; this is when the dead (draugar) are more active than any other time. Yule is when Jolnir another name for Odinn leads the procession of the Wild Hunt through the sky's with sprits of humans, horses and dogs. This procession occurs during all twelve days of Yule.
It is a time for great feasting, honoring Thorr for driving back the frost etins, Frey to give us prosperity in the coming year, Odinn as leader of the Wild Hunt, and of course our Ancestors. Jolablot, have a Yule party with family and kindred. Decorate a tree with sunwheels and light a Yule Log.
The Yule Tree is the symbol of our cosmology; it’s the Great tree Yggdrasil. From the Voluspa;
"Yggdrasil its name.
With water white is the Great Tree wet;
Thence come the dews that fall in the dales.
Green by Urths well does it ever grow."
And so the evergreen tree is the most appropriate, to remind us of the eternity of Yggdrasil, as it last through out winters Ever Green.
Yulelog
The burning of a Yule Log is an ancient ritual; our ancestors kindled a huge oak log in honor of Thorr. Today we burn a smaller log during the Yule Season. When lighting the new Yule Log it should be with the charred remains of the previous year's log, which is, keep to guard the house against lightning and fire.
Oath-Boar
Twelfth Night (about Jan. 1) culminates the traditional twelve days of Yule. Our Ancestors at this time consecrated a boar to Frey, led it out so everyone present could lay their hand on the boar and swear a solemn Oath. This was to honor Frey for prosperity. Oaths sworn on the Oath-Boar are very binding during this time, than any other time of the year. Make a New Year's resolution in the old way by swearing your oath on Frey's boar or on your hammer.
The Yule is no exception when it comes to Christian plagiarism of other cultures Holidays. There is no doubt that the Yule Tree, Yule Log, the Singing and exchanging of Gifts are from our Northern Culture. Click here, and I will show you proof from their bible, what time of the year Jesus was born. (source:)
Free eBooks (Can Be Downloaded):Lyall Watson - Supernature
Anthony Arndt - Asatru The Northern Way
Stephen Mcnallen - What Is Asatru
Aleister Crowley - Gargoyles
Reeves Hall - Asatru In BriefI'm definitely in one of those "oh-my-god-what-have-i-done-what-was-i-thinking" places right now.
Not having run for over a week, I still went out to the Wasatch Back Relay site and managed to get hooked up on a team with 11 people that I don't know with the purpose of running three portions of a 180-mile relay race in June.
Yes, yes, I know! I haven't run for over a week! I'm not fast! I'll slow the whole team down!
But, I've always wanted to do this race, but I can never find 11 other people dumb enough to sign up. I will run consistently if I pay for something AND ESPECIALLY if other people are counting on me. They claim to not be very fast, either, and say that they are just in it for the fun. (I really hope that that aren't full of crap.) And, I got caught up in the excitement since my friend, Nate, is also doing the relay.
The legs range in distance from 3 miles to a maximum of just 8.5 miles from Logan to Park City, but it's not the distances that have me freaked out. It's the elevation changes. Some of these are really difficult: a downhill elevation change of 2000 feet, an uphill elevation change of 800 feet (with NO flats or downs - just straight up a hill for FOUR miles), an uphill elevation change of 800 feet with one flat but the course description promises a beautiful view of Snow Basin (provided you haven't passed out from the lack of oxygen after the climb). Only one runner has an "easy" go of it with two moderate and one easy leg of the race. Everyone else has at least one "hard" or "very hard" leg.
Oh. My. God.
This is all Nate's fault. Being all excited and pumped. Maybe he's trying to kill me without getting blood on his hands.....
4 years ago
1 comment:
how exciting to look forward to a relay! I've wanted to participate in the 200 mile Wild West Relay here in colorado but no one's thought I'm cool enough to invite. I don't know that many runners to start a group either.I love April’s Fools, the mischievous nature of some jokes played over the years always manages to bring a small smile to my face. Here are this year’s Top 5:
xkcd in 3D. The entire xkcd catalogue converted to 3D!
Spotify closes European operations to fund its US incursion. This one was so good because it was actually believable.
YouTube is 100. Want to see what was viral in 1911? Flughorn cats and an ancient version of the Rick Roll.
Gmail Motion. Now you can use Kinect and similar devices to read your email. Not Google’s best joke ever, but still pretty good.
The Guardian embraces monarchy. While not strictly technology-related, the page became a huge web success for The Grauniad, and their Live Blog was a thing of beauty.
Honorable mention:
Linux kernel to be released under BSD licence. This has to be the nerdiest April’s Fools joke ever.
Do you have any favourites?
Photographer sues Google for Copyright InfringementIs the hem like a butterfly, it's just the so would be girls. This design looks expressive movement are women look thinner upper arms in addition to directing the worrisome effects. A light ワンポイントロゴ embroidered chest and ニットソー material (excluding the border) and is better sweet items that are complemented by casual, so easy to take. Spread over a hem is a tight bottom, short-length bottoms and excellent compatibility.
* Here is the Rakuten international shipping
This product cannot be shipped to
United States from the store.
Please contact the store for further information.If you've ever left the gym and wondered why you're heading to the smoothie bar rather than seeking out that Big Mac you craved earlier in the day, a Harvard researcher has found the answer.
Physical activity rewires the brain to make it easier to avoid temptation.
Neurology professor Miguel Alonso Alonso's study of data, cultivated from previous epidemiological studies, found what many of us probably already know: Successful weight loss frequently depends on inhibitory control. In other words, the ability to resist temptation of that extra-large bowl of ice cream or the candy bar you want to eat after a full meal.
But his work also showed that regular physical exercise can actual cause changes in the way the brain works. Specifically, going to the gym a few times a week (or otherwise staying active) increases the size of the area of the brain responsible for inhibitory control – basically the part of your brain that forces you say no to a second helping of pie even though you really, really, really want one.
"Regular exercise improves output in tests that measure the state of the brain's executive functions and increases the amount of grey matter and pre-fontal connections," Dr. Alonso Alonso said in a release. ."
Translation: exercise more, eat less.
In Canada, nearly one-quarter of adults are obese, according to Statistics Canada.
Meanwhile, only 15 per cent of adults and seven per cent of young people get the recommended amount of exercise.
If you are trying to lose weight but are having a hard time controlling what you eat, you may want to heed Dr. Alonso Alonso's words: "Physical exercise seems to encourage a healthy diet."
Does this research make you want to exercise more? Or are you a believer that exercise actually increases your appetite?Nexterra
Secures $2.5MM Equity Financing from BD Bank of Canada
The Business Development Bank of Canada (BDC) has made a $2.5 million equity investment in gasification company Nexterra Systems Corp. Combined with earlier investment of $15 million
from Tandem Expansion Fund and ARC Financial, Nexterra has secured a total of $17.5 million in 2011 to date to
further its biomass energy system business. The company's fixed-bed updraft gasifier has been selected
for biomass to combined heat and power demonstration at the University of
British Columbia, providing 2% of the campus electric load demand and 6% of the steam need. .”
05/31/2011
UK's
Pursuit Dynamics Technology Improves US Biofuels Production
Pursuit Dynamics plc (PDX) will be installing their Ethanol Reactor System (ERS) in
Front Range Energy's dry-mill corn ethanol production plant in
Windsor, Colorado. Over the past twelve months, similar installation agreements have been reached with Pacific
Ethanol Inc., Mid America Bio Energy & Commodities, LLC, Marquis Energy, LLV and Red Trail Energy
LLC. The PDX reactor technology hyper-swells starch utilizing a powerful pressure shock wave
induced through the injection of steam into the patented PDX reactors. The heating and extreme agitation
produced by the shock wave instantaneously activates all the starch at a lower temperature than conventional
cooking, increasing enzyme efficiency. The ERS for Front Range Energy is expected to be installed and begin
generating revenues for PDX under a benefit sharing structure this year. PDX is based in the United Kingdom with
offices in the United States and Switzerland. 05/31/2011
British Bus Fleet to Run on Biomethane from Animal and Plant Waste
A Stagecoach UK Bus fleet will be fueled with biomethane from household
and animal waste, which would otherwise be sent to landfill. The project has been launched in Lincoln, in
partnership with Lincolnshire County Council and the East Midlands Development Agency, and involves 11 Optare
Solo buses, which have been converted to run on the low carbon fuel and completely refurbished. The direct
Â£260,000 conversion costs have been funded by Lincolnshire County Council and the East Midlands Development
Agency. A further Â£100,000 joint funding has been invested in fuelling infrastructure. The vehicle will
initially run on diesel but a special gas electronic control system gradually reduces the use of the fossil fuel
replacing it with biomethane without affecting the characteristics or performance of the bus. The converted
vehicles are expected to deliver at least a 40% carbon savings compared to standard buses as well as improving
fuel consumption. In 2007, Stagecoach launched the UK’s first Bio-buses which operate on 100% bio-fuel made from
used cooking oil and other food industry by-products. 05/31/2011
Iowa
Governor Signs Incentive Law for Biofuels Use
Iowa's Governor Terry Branstad approved Senate File 531 this past week, an act supporting biofuels and
renewable fuels used by the public for transport, Iowa biofuels production, and retail dealer biofuels sales.
The Act includes an appropriation for tax credits and refunds. Retailers get a 2-cent per gallon 2012 state
income tax credit for 2% biodiesel blends and 4.5 cents per gallon for 5% blend. Ethanol incentives are also
provided for retail delivery; a tax-paying retail dealer must sell and dispense E-85 gasoline through his retail
pumps, and must comply with all Department requirements in order to be eligible. Iowa's biodiesel production
facilities will receive a 2012 tax credit of 3 cents/gallon, reduced one-half cent in subsequent years, up to 25
million gallons per producer. Iowa Renewable Fuels Association Executive Director Monte Shaw
observed, “Governor Branstad’s signature completes the long process of putting Iowa in the forefront of
renewable fuels policy, not just production. Iowans appreciate the Governor’s strong support of ethanol and
biodiesel. And this bill would not have landed on the Governor’s desk without many strong renewable fuels
supporters in the Iowa Legislature. The job now turns to educating retailers and consumers on how this new
bill will help promote more fueling freedom at the pump.” 05/30/2011
Vermont
2011 Renewable Energy Bill Signed into Law
The Vermont Energy Act of 2011 was signed into law last week by Governor Peter Shumlin. Among a great many Renewable Energy
provisions, the bill includes requirements that all petroleum-based heating oil contain a minimum of 3%
biodiesel, and requires state departments to develop incentives for biomass-fueled heating. The Vermont Energy
Act of 2011 was introduced in January as H.56 and also provides funding for future investments by the clean
energy development fund through a grid parity support charge of $1.50 per month on the bill of each retail
electric customer, institutes the Renewable Energy Investment Vermont (REI-Vermont) to provide support for new
renewable energy plants. The Act waives for five years starting in 2012, the fuel excise tax on biodiesel fuel
produced in Vermont, and exempts from the sales and use tax, sales of equipment used in the production of
electrical energy from biomass. "There is a fiscal and environmental urgency for Vermont to move off fossil
fuels and toward sustainable sources of power,” the Governor said at the bill signing ceremony.
05/30/2011
Solazyme
IPO Shares Begin Trading at $18 per Share
San Francisco based biofuels company Solazyme's initial public offering (IPO)
shares started trading last Friday at $18.00. Solazyme's proprietary technology employs heterotrophic micro algae for in-vessel
fermentation of sugars from a wide range of feedstock including biomass from urban waste, forest and
agricultural sources. From the algal-produced oil, Solazyme and their partners can refine a continually-growing
array of green fuels and chemicals. The company formed an alliance with Dow in March; other strategic partners included Chevron
and Unilever. Solazyme completed the single largest delivery on record of 20,000 gallons of algal-derived fuel
to the Navy last September, partnered with Honeywell’s UOP and their proprietary UOP/Eni EcofiningTM process
technology. Their March 11, 2011 IPO S-1
filing was declared effective May 26th by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The shares begin trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “SZYM.”
05/30/2011
Dow
Converts Waste Plastic to Natural Gas Equivalent Energy
In kiln tests at Dow Chemical's Midland, Michigan facility, thermal conversion of waste sheet plastic recovered 96% of the
available energy. Of the 578 pounds of used plastic converted, the energy recovered was equivalent to 11.1
million Btus of natural gas. While most thermoplastics can be reprocessed, there currently are limited
end-of-life options for certain types of used plastic packaging, such as some flexible films and containers made
from a combination of materials. The testing converted linear low-density polyethylene (LLDPE) scrap film
generated in one of Dow’s extrusion laboratories, the same type commonly used for packaging food and consumer
products. The recycle-to-energy recovery trial provided the concept validation for the submission and approval
of one of several energy efficiency projects recently chosen to receive funding through Dow’s $100 million
Energy Intensity Improvement Fund, designed to help reduce energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions. .” 05/27/2011
UK's
Farmgen Switches On First Anaerobic Digestion Plant at Carr Farm
Farmgen’s Â£3m first phase Anaerobic Digestion (AD) plant at Warton, near Preston, Lancs,
has officially been switched on to start generating 800kW of electricity. The official opening ceremony at Carr
Farm was carried out by Fylde MP Mark Menzies, who is Parliamentary Private Secretary to Energy and Climate Change Minister.
Farmgen's co-founder Simon Rigby announced details of Farmgen’s Â£30 expansion, and revealed that the company
intends to have 10 rural AD plants running by 2015. He said: “We are extremely proud of what we have achieved at
Carr Farm and the fact that our first plant is now up and running. It is a major milestone for us as we continue
our growth plans as part of the revolution in green energy. “We firmly believe Carr Farm points the way forward
for future farm-based AD plants across the UK and for the regeneration of rural economies.”
05/27/2011
USDA's
BCAP and REAP Program Funding in Peril
This week the House Agricultural Appropriations Subcommittee submitted a draft Agricultural Appropriations bill to the main
Appropriations Committee, in part recommending against 2012 budget appropriations necessary for funding the US
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP) and the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP). Both programs were initially developed from the 2008 Farm Bill. The negative decision follows
the May 5, 2011 establishment of BCAP's first Project Area, with the enrollment of up to 50,000 acres in Missouri
and Kansas for bioenergy feedstock production. The bill includes cuts to the Agriculture Research Service and
the National Institute for Food and Agriculture, totaling a reduction of over $354 million from last year’s
level. Agriculture Subcommittee Chairman Jack Kingston commented on the draft bill: “America is at a crossroads.
For every dollar the Federal government spends, 42 cents is borrowed ...." The draft bill still has a long way to go: must pass
the House Appropriations Committee and full House, then the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee,
Senate Appropriations Committee and full Senate. The complete draft bill text is available on-line, as is a chart comparing the proposed levels with last year's budget.
05/27/2011
Endicott
and Holly Form Sabine Biofuels for 30 MGY Biorefinery in Texas
Endicott Biofuels, LLC (EBF) and Holly Biofuels, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Dallas-based petroleum refiner Holly Corporation (NYSE-HOC), have formed Sabine Biofuels LLC to partner on a 30 million gallon per year (MGY)
biorefinery under construction in Port Arthur, Texas. Endicott’s proven technology to produce biofuels is based in part on a
North American license from Davy Process Technology Ltd (Davy). The Port Arthur facility will convert renewable waste fats or
oils to high quality biodiesel. .”
05/26/2011
UPS
Begins Using Biodiesel at Kentucky Worldport Facility
United Parcel Service (UPS) began using biodiesel blends at its hub in Louisville, Kentucky this month
with installation of a 30,000 gallon biodiesel fuel tank and fueling station at its Worldport facility. It will allow fueling operators to blend specified
percentages of biodiesel "on the fly," starting with 5 percent biodiesel (B5), and working up to 20 percent
biodiesel (B20). The UPS Worldport global operation processes 416 thousand packages an hour, is the size of 80
football fields, and has traffic of 100 aircraft a day. The biodiesel station at Worldport fuels nearly 200
vehicles and other diesel equipment. ."
The news comes a month after competitor FedEx signed a ground fuel supply agreement with advanced biofuel company KiOR.
05/26/2011
Jacobs
Wins EPCM Contract for Biomass to Biomethane Plant in Sweden
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. has received a contract from Goteborg Energi AB for the GoBiGas-project, a 20 megawatt biomass gasification and methanation
demonstration project in Goteborg, Sweden. Officials estimate the contract value at $19 million (EUR 13.7
million). Jacobs is executing the engineering, procurement and construction management (EPCM) services from
its offices in Leiden, The Netherlands, and will be providing the local
construction management services on behalf of GoBiGas AB for the new plant. The plant will produce biomethane
from biomass, which is to be distributed in the existing Goteborg gas grid. The gasification technology is
provided by Metso Power in cooperation with Repotec, and Haldor Topsoe is providing the methanation technology. The plant is
scheduled to come on line in 2013. Asa Burman, Managing Director of GoBiGas AB, said, "This plant is the first
of its kind on this scale in Europe and marks significant progress in the long term target to use only renewable
energy resources in Sweden." 05/26/2011
DC Water
Breaks Ground on Biosolids to Energy, Nutrient Management
The District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority (DC Water) has started
construction on two waste conversion / resource recovery projects at the Blue Plains Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP).
Blue Plains is the world’s largest facility of its kind, processes an
average of 370 million gallons of wastewater per day. DC Water will be the first in North America to use
Cambi's patented Thermal Hydrolysis Process (THP) to pre-treat
bio-solids, waste food, fats oils and grease (FOG) prior to anaerobic co-digestion. Biomethane produced will be
used to generate 13 megawatts of electricity. "DC Water is the largest consumer of electricity in the District,
and the digesters should cut our consumption by a third," said General Manager George S. Hawkins. "That’s enough
to power 8,000 homes. We’re also saving $10 million in trucking costs and reducing our carbon emissions by
cutting the amount of solids at the end of the process in half." The $1.4 billion project will also include a
series of Enhanced Nutrient Removal Facilities to reduce the amount of nitrogen
in effluent to meet stringent new U.S. EPA and Chesapeake Bay Program goals; completion is scheduled for
2014. 05/25/2011
Ceres, Inc Files for $100MM
IPO
Bio-crop specialist Ceres, Inc has filed for a $100MM initial public offering (IPO) with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, to be underwritten by Goldman Sachs and Barklays Capital. Ceres is an agricultural biotechnology
company developing and selling specialized Blade Energy Crops® for renewable biomass feedstocks, using a
combination of advanced plant breeding and biotechnology to create low input dedicated energy crops capable of
producing high yields of biomass per acre. Ceres also works strategically with bio-refining companies in the
emerging cellulosic biofuels and bio-based chemicals markets, such as UOP, LLC, as well as chemical companies,
such as Gruppo M&G. The company has conducted joint trials with, or sold seed to, AGCO Corporation, EdeniQ,
Inc. and Hawai’i BioEnergy, LLC, among others, and recently began a collaboration with Valero Services, Inc. to
further evaluate feedstock supply strategies with dedicated energy. The company intends to apply for listing on
the NASDAQ under the symbol "CERE". 05/25/2011
ZeroPoint Completes
Gasification Commissioning in Germany
New York based ZeroPoint Clean Tech, Inc. has completed the initial field commissioning of its biomass gasification technology at a project site in
Schwarze-Pumpe, Germany. During commissioning, ZeroPoint's scalable Renewable Combined Heat and Power (CHP)
Solution produced synthesis gas suitable for Jenbacher gas reciprocating engines, with or without landfill gas
or natural gas blending. The project is expected to begin selling power to the grid within several weeks.
ZeroPoint produces biochar as a co-product, offering a number of positive environmental and agricultural uses in
addition to sequestering carbon. ZeroPoint shipped the main system components to the site in Germany in October
2010. Earlier this month, the company began an initiative to extend landfill gas to energy projects, augmenting low-grade / low volume landfill gas
supplies with syngas from biomass gasification. 05/25/2011
USDA
Releases Fact Sheet for BCAP Project Area 1
Earlier this month, the US Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Services
Agency (FSA) designated the first Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP) "Project Area", up to 50,000 acres in a 39-county area located in
central and western Missouri and eastern Kansas. The FSA has now released a detailed Fact Sheet on Project Area 1, listing eligible counties, specific land
areas, criteria for producers, payment schedules and protocol for the mandatory conservation plans. BCAP Project
Areas provide financial incentives to interested farmers, ranchers and forest landowners for the voluntary
establishment and production of biomass crops for conversion to heat, power, bio-based products and advanced
biofuels. Further program details are available at FSA's BCAP website. 05/24/2011
SCE
Starts Review Process for Small Renewable Energy PPA Templates
Southern California Edison (SCE) has initiated a formal stakeholder review process for reform of power purchase agreement
(PPA) contract templates for their California Renewable Energy Small Tariff (CREST) program. SCE will propose a
contract pro forma based on their existing Solar Photovoltaic PPA for projects less than 5 megawatts, and
expects to have the CREST pro forma posted to their website by June 2, 2011. The proposed pro forma has
been modified to make it applicable to all technology types and to be in compliance with the requirements of the
CREST Tariff and CPUC Decision (“D.”) 07-07-27. Stakeholders may submit written questions, comments or suggested
changes to the proposed CREST PPA until June 22, 2011, to crest@sce.com. SCE also will hold a web conference on
July 27, 2011 to discuss the CREST PPA. Further details will be provided when SCE posts the proposed pro forma
CREST PPA for stakeholder review. General inquiries may be directed to Janice Wang, program manager of CREST.
Ms. Wang may be reached at (626) 302-3515 and at janice.wang@sce.com. 05/24/2011
CleanTech Secures 500 KW Gasification Interconnection Agreement
Nevada based thermal conversion company CleanTech Transit, Inc announced that their 500 kilowatt Merced,
California biomass gasification project has passed interconnection tests and is now connected to the grid,
securing a Feed-in Tariff (FIT) 15-year interconnection agreement. The modular Phoenix Energy gasifier technology used in Merced progressively dries,
pyrolyzes and gasifies biomass, drawing the produced gases through the hottest zones. The "syngas" is then
cooled and passed through a four-filter cleaning process before energy generation. The new plant is under
development at the Golden State Pallet & Crate near the former Castle Air Force Base. Phoenix Energy is a
subsidiary of CleanTech Transit, dedicated to commercialization of their modular biomass gasification to energy
system. 05/24/2011
WSU Gets "Feedstock Agnostic"
Biofuels Grant for BioChemCat PilotThe Department of Energy (DOE) has awarded a grant of $1.5 million to Washington
State University Tri-Cities to research ways to produce biofuel from varying kinds of agricultural waste. The
"BioChemCat" pilot project will be conducted at WSU's Bioproducts, Sciences and Engineering
Laboratory in cooperation with the Port of Benton, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory and startup company
Clean-Vantage. BioChemCat refers to the biorefinery process that makes use of both biochemical and
thermochemical processes for making biofuels and biochemicals. Dr. Birgitte K. Ahring, director of the WSU
Center for Bioproducts and Bioenergy and the Battelle Distinguished Professor explained: "The concept is
feedstock agnostic; it doesn’t really care what kind of biomass you use. It can use all kind of feedstocks -
municipal waste, vineyard waste, feedlot manure, woody material, ag waste like corn stalks, straw or corn cobs
after the kernels have been removed. It could be implemented all over the world." 05/23/2011
EPA
Delays CISWI and Major Source Boiler MACT Rules
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is delaying the effective dates for two final maximum achievable
control technology (MACT) rules for an indefinite time. The rules are titled “National Emission Standards for
Hazardous Air Pollutants for Major Sources: Industrial, Commercial, and Institutional Boilers and Process
Heaters” and “Standards of Performance for New Sources and Emission Guidelines for Existing Sources: Commercial
and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration Units” (CISWI) under the authority of the Administrative Procedure Act
(APA). The final rules will be delayed until the proceedings for judicial review of these rules are completed or
the EPA completes its reconsideration of the rules, whichever is earlier. The final rules, the petitions for
reconsideration, and all other documents in the record for the rulemakings are in Docket ID. No.
EPA-HQ-OAR-2002-0058 and EPAHQ- OAR-2003-0119. Contact information is in the formal Notice; a Fact Sheet and the full Reconsideration Rule are also available on-line. 05/23/2011
The
Hamilton Project Proposes Federal Energy Technology Corporation
The Hamilton Project has released a paper proposing an Energy Technology Corporation, a program of federal third-party
technology assessment and demonstration. The Hamilton Project is a socio-economic think-tank housed in the
Brookings Institute. Author John M. Deutsch of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an advisor on the
Hamilton Project, proposes a series of best practices for government support of U.S. technology demonstration
that would be responsible for managing and selecting technology demonstration projects. The paper observes that
the private sector underinvests in technology demonstration because of the expense and uncertainties involved.
At the same time, previous demonstration programs carried out by the Department of
Energy have met with mixed results. Among the findings: the Department of Energy should focus on demonstrating
the technical performance, economics, and environmental effects of alternative technologies and thus create
options for the private sector. 05/20/2011
Camco
Starts Construction on Dairy Biogas to Renewable Energy Project
Global energy and carbon company Camco International has closed financing and begun construction on a
large dairy manure to biogas installation in Idaho. The biogas will power 4.5 megawatts of electric generation,
qualifying as Renewable Energy (RE) and garnering appropriate RE certificates and emissions credits. The all-in
cost is anticipated to be under $25 million and the project is scheduled to come on line early in 2012. A
20-year power purchase agreement is in place, as are contracts for the sterile fibrous digestate. The facility
will be operated by AgPower Group LLC, recently formed by Camco for US projects. Yariv Cohen, Camco President
said: "Closing financing and commencing construction on the largest dairy biogas project in the US is a major
achievement for the Camco North America team." Camco maintains an office in Broomfield, Colorado.
05/20/2011
UK
Runcorn Combined Heat and Power Plant Receives Environmental Permit
Viridor and partners INEOS ChlorVinyls, Viridor Liang Greater Manchester (VLGM), and the Greater Manchester
Waste Disposal Authority (GMWDA) have announced that they have received approval of the environmental
permit for operation of the Runcorn Combined Heat and Power (CHP) plant in Cheshire, United Kingdom (UK).
"Solid Recovered Fuel" (SRF) derived from post-recycling municipal solid waste residuals generated at the VLGM
resource recovery facility will feed the plant. The adjacent INEOS chemical manufacturing facility will use the
CHP. Phase One of the facility is being developed by a joint venture of INEOS, Viridor and Viridor Laing, and is
scheduled to be completed in 2013. It will act as the final destination for 275,000 tonnes a year of SRF
delivered under the GMWDA household waste contract. Phase Two is being developed solely by Viridor and will
accept waste from other commercial contracts. Construction of the Runcorn CHP facility by Keppel Seghers is currently underway. 05/20/2011
Ag Waste
to Biofuel Will Supply 50% of India's Transport Fuel by 2020
Converting agricultural waste into biofuel could create up to one million jobs
in India over the next decade, and radically improve India’s energy efficiency by meeting up to 59% of the
demand for transport gasoline through greener fuels by 2020. This is the key finding in the Bloomberg New
Energy Finance study "Next-generation Ethanol: What’s in it for India”, commissioned by the Danish enzymatics
company Novozymes. The Indian Government has already announced an ambitious
target of 20% of biofuels in transport by 2017 as part of its Indian Biofuels Policy. Biofuels from agricultural
residues are a critical existing alternative to liquid fuel which is not only environmentally sustainable but
offers huge potential and thus needs to be pursued aggressively. Expanding on the potential of advanced
biofuels, Thomas Nagy, Executive Vice President of Novozymes, said, ." 05/20/2011
BP and
Davy Select EPC Contractors to Advance Fischer Tropsch Process
BP and Davy Processing Technology LTD are ready to deploy their
jointly developed fixed bed variant of the Fischer Tropsch (FT) process. Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc (JEC) has
been selected in a non-exclusive agreement to help advance
commercialization of the process, and will provide engineering services to licensees under their agreement. BP
and Davy also signed agreements with CB&I Lummus UK Limited and The Shaw Group
(NYSE:SHAW) to work individually with BP and Davy to seek deployment opportunities., and is
now available for license to third parties. BP’s Vice President for Conversion Technology, Mark Howard, said:
"We are very pleased to have gained the collaboration of these three leading contractors in our efforts to
commercialize our FT process. Their involvement will help with the early identification and evaluation of
opportunities, and ensure the availability of first class engineering resources familiar with our process to
support potential licensees." 05/19/2011
CEC PIER
Program Schedules Venture Capital Forum for Clean Tech Energy
The California Energy Commission's (CEC) Public Interest Energy Research program
(PIER) has scheduled a Venture Capital Forum, intended to bring together venture capitalists and researchers
from the clean technology energy sector. The event will showcase companies that have developed new cutting
edge technology solutions that are ready for commercial growth. Highlights of past and current PIER funded
projects will be given to potential investors and attendees, with the opportunity to ask questions from both
the researchers and the investors. The CEC seeks to develop a better coordinated and transparent process that
will encourage more venture capital investment in PIER funded technologies. The PIER Venture Capital Forum
will be held at the East End Complex Auditorium, 1500 Capitol Avenue, Sacramento, California on Tuesday, June
7, 2011 from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. For additional questions visit and see the Calendar for June 7th, or contact
Pedro Gomez at (916) 508-4655 or PGomez@energy.state.ca.us. 05/19/2011
ORNL
Introduces Tiny Waste Heat Energy Harvester Structures
Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) researchers have unveiled
one millimeter square cantilevered pyroelectric energy harvester structures that turns waste heat into electricity.
About 1,000 of these energy converters can be attached to a one inch square surface such as a computer chip,
concentrated photovoltaic cell or other devices that generate heat, producing from 1 to 10 milliwatts per
device. Scott Hunter, who leads the development.
05/19/2011
ZeaChem
Signs Long-Term Binding Feedstock Agreement
Colorado-based ZeaChem, Inc has secured a long-term feedstock supply from Greenwood Tree Farm Fund
(GTFF), who will provide wood from three nearby Poplar plantations for
ZeaChem's first commercial biorefinery in Boardman, Oregon. The feedstock will be converted at ZeaChem's $25
million, 250,000 gallon per year commercial demonstration facility. Their hybrid system first chemically
fractionates the woody feedstock to fermentable sugar solutions and gasification-ready fibrous biomass, and then
processes each stream to produce ethyl acetate and ethanol. Hybrid poplar trees are an excellent cellulosic
feedstock because of their high yield per acre, short rotation and ability to regenerate after harvest,
providing superior economic and environmental benefits. . 05/18/2011
US Dept
of Commerce Offers Clean Tech Assistance for the German Market
Munich, Germany will host one of the world's largest environmental trade fairs a
year from now, May 7-11, 2012. The IFAT ENTSORGA last year drew over 110,000 visitors from 185 countries
to exhibit technologies for water, sewage, waste, and raw materials management. The US Department of Commerce
(DOC), US Commercial Service stands ready to assist US companies interested
in participating in this expansive, expensive leading venue for industrial technology exposure. Andrea Stahl is
a Clean Technology specialist and US Commercial Services representative, a German national stationed at the
US Consulate General in Frankfurt Germany. We interviewed Ms. Stahl
courtesy of Sacramento's DOC director George Tastard, finding her willing and able to assist any US company
interested in developing business in Germany. We learned that a year is about the right length of time required
for DOC to set the stage for a US Company to fully engage and benefit from an international event like IFAT
ENTSORAGA. The agency staff can research both competitors and market opportunities, set up side meetings and
media coverage, assist with logistics and dramatically improve a company's ability to optimize participation. Ms
Stahl may be contacted via email at andrea.stahl@trade.gov, or by phone in Germany
at +49-69-7535-3157. Mr. Tastard strongly suggests that companies start preparations early with their regional
DOC representative, and now is not too early. He may be reached for guidance at
george.tastard@mail.doc.gov, or (916) 566-7170. 05/18/2011
Rentech
Wins Ontario, Canada's Largest Ever Feedstock Supply Contract
Los Angeles based biomass to liquid fuels company Rentech, Inc has won a 1.3
million ton per year forest wood waste contract in competitive bidding to Canada's
Ontario Ministry of Northern Development, Mines and Forestry, the
largest feedstock supply single contract yet written by the agency. Rentech will annually convert the wood
supply into about 85 million litres of synthetic jet fuel, and another 43 million litres annually of renewable
naphtha. The company's proposed Olympiad Liquid Fuels Centre would also produce approximately 40 megawatts of
clean, renewable electricity from forest biomass. Canadian support Rentech operates a demonstration facility in
Commerce City, Colorado, deploying its synthetic fuels technology that has produced over 150,000 litres (40,000
gallons) of certified synthetic fuels. Rentech's Port St. Joe, Florida biorefinery project meanwhile hit a snag:
the company received Department of Energy notice that their loan guarantee application supporting Port St. Joe under the Section
1705 Title XVII Loan Guarantee Program has been placed on hold, which may direct more of the company's resources
toward the Canadian project. 05/17/2011
India's Kashmir Valley Gains Biogas
Technology
The Kashmir Valley of the Jammu and Kashmir State (J&K State) in India is receiving anaerobic digestion system
design, construction and operational training to provide clean, low cost, renewable energy for the region.
The biogas technology transfer program is being modified and developed by
the J&K State Division of Agricultural Engineering, SKUAST-K, Srinagar for temperate rural areas, with
financial support by the Department of Science & Technology, Government of India. The initial biogas plant
feedstock will be food waste, manure and vegetation, providing electricity for about 50 buildings. About 70% of
the population's livelihood is agriculture; families use harvest residues and cattle dung cakes for cooking as
fuel that depletes natural resources and causes many health problems. It is estimated that 30 millions 'chullas'
(small cooking stoves) consume 133 million tones of wood annually while causing respiratory and ocular diseases,
mostly in women. Biogas eliminates the old age practice and can be utilized effectively for household cooking,
lighting, operating small engines, and for power for various agricultural operations. Biogas has now been proven
a useful component in the rural J&K State economy. 05/17/2011
KiOR
Secures Biofuel Off-Take Agreement with FedEx
Texas-based biofuels company KiOR has signed a ground fuel supply agreement with FedEx Corporate Services, Inc. Under
the agreement, KiOR may supply renewable diesel blendstocks for purchase by affiliates of FedEx Corporate Services, Inc. from KiOR’s first commercial production
facility in Columbus, Mississippi, which is scheduled to commence production in the second half of 2012. KiOR is
developing and commercializing their fast pyrolysis Biomass Catalytic Cracking (BCC) technology, which converts
lignocelluloses biomass into a high quality bio-crude which is suitable for refining directly to standard
transportation fuels. "We are excited to be working with a premier transportation company like FedEx," said Fred
Cannon, KiOR’s President and CEO. "This agreement with the services company of direct end users is another step
toward delivering our fuel blendstocks to the market." Earlier this year KiOR signed off-take agreements with
both Catchlight and Hunt Refining. 05/17/2011
Waste
Management Invests in Agnion Energy
Waste Management, Inc (WM) has added another Conversion Technology to their
ever-growing list of strategic investments, with the addition of Agnion Energy's gasification technology. Agnion's
Heatpipe-Reformer close-couples first-stage steam-injected combined gasification and reforming with second stage
air-blown fluidized bed (FB) gasification. A portion of the solid biomass is first converted to a high heating
value synthetic gas or "syngas", while char and residuals are converted to heat in the second stage FB to run
the steam reformer. Agnion's CEO, Dr. Stephan Mey stated: “We view the fact that North America’s largest
residential recycler.” Agnion announced (in German) the official start-up of their Grassau plant May
13, 2011, one day after WM's own investment press release. 05/16/2011
AE
Biofuels Restarts Keyes Ethanol Plant
Cupertino, California based AE Biofuels' subsidiary AE Advanced Fuels Keyes,
Inc. (AE Keyes) has completed retrofitting and restarted operations at the 55 million gallon per year ethanol
production facility in Keyes, California. and help California
achieve its goals of the Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS). 05/16/2011
JBEI
Genetic Engineering Improves Microbial Biofuels Toxicity Resistance
Researchers at the US Department of Energy's (DOE) Joint Bioenergy
Engineering Institute (JBEI) have bio-engineered a way to significantly increase microbial biofuels production. Microbes can
make gasoline-replacement biofuels, but these act as toxins that build up quickly in the cell causing a
"production vs. survival" challenge.  co-authored an article in the journal Molecular Systems Biology, titled “Engineering Microbial Biofuel
Tolerance and Export Using Efflux Pumps.”. 05/16/2011
National
Biodiesel Board Directs Webinar on Food, Fuel and Land Use
The National Biodiesel Board (NBB) is presenting a webinar called "Vantage Point: Views on Food, Fuel and Land Use" to explore
biodiesel’s impact on the food supply and land use. The 60-minute webinar starts at 12:00 noon Central time, on
Tuesday, May 24, 2011. The webinar will be moderated by Don Scott of the NBB, and feature two speakers: Dr.
Stephen Kaffka, University of California, Davis, Department of Plant Sciences and Director of the California
Biomass Collaborative; and Keith Kline, member of the Global Change and Developing Countries Programs Department
at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The webinar is open to Next Generation Scientists for Biodiesel members,
Biodiesel Alliance and Backer members, and anyone with an interest in learning the reality behind food, fuel and
land use. Free registration is available on-line. 05/13/2011
Senators
Barrasso, Manchin Introduce Alternative Fuels Bill
Senators John Barasso (R-WY) and Joe Manchin (D-WV) introduced the
bipartisan American Alternative Fuels Act(S. 937)
to the Senate this week with the intent of breaking down the barriers to alternative fuels—including
fuels derived from coal, biomass, algae and waste. The American Alternative Fuels Act would (a) repeal barriers
to domestic fuel production, (b) speed processing of applications to the fuel-focused Loan Guarantee Program,
(c) promote algae-based fuel that uses carbon capture and sequestration, (d) promote Synthetic Natural Gas
Production from coal, biomass, petroleum coke, or solid waste, (e) give the DOD Long-Term Contracting Authority
(20 years) for purchasing alternative fuels, and (f) require the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to assess
increased demand and decreased emissions from electric vehicle use. "With record high gas prices, Americans are
expected to pay an extra $800 this year to fill up their tanks," said Barrasso. "It’s more important than ever
that we make it as easy as possible to use all available sources of American energy. Breaking
down barriers to alternative fuels is one way we can ease the pain at the pump and decrease our dependence on
foreign oil." 05/13/2011
Albemarle Corporation Acquires Catilin
Global chemicals company Albemarle has acquired biodiesel catalysis specialists Catilin, expanding their role in provision of advanced biofuels
production processes. Albemarle is working on sustainable solutions such as catalysts for conversion of biomass
into transportation biofuels. Catilin's research with Ames Laboratory and Iowa State University has been focused
on three main areas: the transesterification conversion of oils to biodiesel and glycerin, a catalyst designed
to directly process high FFA feedstocks and a catalytic technique to efficiently extract algal oils. Catilin's
technology and products will further strengthen Albemarle's offerings for the renewable fuels market, and
provide benefit from a number of R&D and distribution synergies. ."
05/13/2011
Cambi
Offers Workshop during Residuals and Biosolids Conference
Norway-based biosolids conversion company Cambi will present their first Cambi Academy on May 25, 2011 in conjunction with the Residuals and Biosolids Conference and Exhibition in Sacramento,
California. Cambi’s patented Thermal Hydrolysis Process (THP) treats municipal and industrial waste prior to
anaerobic digestion. Most conventional biogas technologies operate with 70Â°C; the Cambi process treats the
organic matter at 165-170Â°C, dissolving it into an easily digestible feed for biogas production by anaerobic
digestion while destroying any harmful organisms (pathogens). The end product is a pathogen free and pasteurized
digestate. The company was recently selected to provide high-solids food waste to biogas conversion for the City of Oslo,
Norway. The invitation to Cambi Academy 2011 is available on-line.
05/13/2011
Dyadic
Awarded New Fungal Enzyme Patent
Florida-based Dyadic International, Inc. has been issued U.S. Patent No.
7,923,236 for “Fungal Enzymes” by the United States Patent and Trademark Office
(“USPTO”) for production and use of enzymes to convert lignocellulosic biomass into fermentable sugars. The
patent also covers other processes including the simultaneous production of organic substances such as alcohol,
ethanol, amino and organic acids as well as other organic substances. The new enzymes and methods are directed
to pulp and paper manufacturing processes, treatment of waste streams and textile and detergent processes, and
were isolated from Dyadic’s proprietary C1 fungus in conjunction with research by Scripps Florida.
The newly issued patent is accessible on the USPTO’s website at or on Dyadic’s website at. 05/12/2011
USDA
Establishes First BCAP Project Area
US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced
establishment of the first Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP) Project Area with the
enrollment of up to 50,000 acres in Missouri and Kansas for bioenergy feedstock production. Biocrop in Centerview, Missouri. Producers
interested in participating in the project area should visit their local Farm Service Agency (FSA) county office
for additional information and an application. Information is available on the BCAP website or by contacting Isabel Benemelis (202) 720-7809,
isabel.benemelis@wdc.usda.gov. 05/12/2011
USDA and
DOE Joint Award: $47MM for Biofuels Development
The US Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Energy (DOE) announced awards of $47 million to eight research and development
projects for production of biofuels, bioenergy and high-value biobased products. The DOE's Biomass Program and the USDA's National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) provided the funding to integrate science and engineering
research in three areas: feedstocks development, biofuels and biobased products development, and biofuels
development analysis. Awardees are: (1) Cellana LLC to develop a protein supplement from algae as a byproduct
of algal biofuels production; (2) Domtar Paper Company to build a multi-tech demonstration plant for
conversion of wastes from paper mills into sugar, oil, and lignin products; (3) Exelus, Inc to improved energy crop tolerance to drought and salt
stress and make biofuels using low temperature processes with new catalysts and chemistry; (4) Metabolix, Inc. to enhance the yield of bio-based products, biopower,
or fuels made from switchgrass using high temperature conversion; (5) University of Florida Genetics Institute to improve sweet sorghum as
an energy crop; (6) University of Kansas Center for Research to demonstrate pilot scale
production of biofuels and bio-products; (7) University of Kentucky to improve the economics for biorefineries by
using on-farm processing to convert biomass to a mixture of butanol, ethanol, acetone and organic acids.; (8)
U.S. Forest Service, Rocky Mountain Research Station to develop an integrated investigative
approach for biomass feedstock production, logistics, conversion, distribution and end use
centered on using advanced conversion technologies at existing forest industry facilities.
05/12/2011
U of
Florida Beet Waste Biochar Recovers Phosphorus from Wastewater
Researchers in the University of Florida's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences have developed a method for producing biochar and using the dense material
to remove phosphorus from water. They are applying for a patent on the method and publishing the laboratory
research in the Biosource Technology journal. Researchers used beet harvest and
processing wastes tailings residues from an anaerobic digester, baked at about 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit to make
biochar. Added to a water-and-phosphate solution and mixed for 24 hours, the biochar and has
also been testing the potential for biochar to purify water of heavy metals including lead and copper. “Florida
agricultural industries could benefit,” research team member Pratap Pullammanappallil said. “You could do this
with any biomass — sugarcane bagasse, citrus pulp.” 05/12/2011
UK's
Greenergy to Extract Oils from Food Waste for Biodiesel Production
Supplier of one fifth of Britain's transport fuel, Greenergy has begun
producing biodiesel and energy from food waste in partnership with Brocklesby Ltd, a specialist in extraction and recycling of oils from unsaleable high-oil
food products. Greenergy has already invested Â£50 million in its biodiesel production facility in Immingham on the east coast of England in order to efficiently process used cooking oils for
more than 20 million litres a month of biodiesel. The partnership has now begun to increase this biodiesel
production using oils extracted from unsalable high fat solid foods such as pies, sausage rolls, pastry and
crisps, which typically contain between 25% and 30% oil and fat, and other feedstock including taramasalata and
oil from fish frying containing high quantities of breadcrumbs.. 05/11/2011
MSU Gets
$1MM Glycerol-to-Succinate Waste Conversion Grant
The US Department of Agriculture awarded $957,582 to Michigan State University microbiology and
molecular genetics assistant professor Claire Vieille to develop a microbial process that converts glycerol
into succinate. The target product is a foundation chemical used in noncorrosive airport deicers, food and drug
additives, and as a precursor to nontoxic solvents, plastics and polyesters. Actinobacillus succinogenes
is the best natural succinate producer known (producing up to 80 or 100 g/l succinate from glucose), but it also
produces acetate, formate, and ethanol as byproducts. Vieille's goal is to engineer A. succinogenes to
efficiently produce succinate as the sole fermentation product. Her metabolic flux analysis work has
found that high NaHCO3 and H2 concentrations increase succinate production at the expense of acetate and formate
production. The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 mandates the use of 1 billion gallons of biodiesel
by 2012, which will result in production of 100 million gallons of glycerol, its direct byproduct.
05/10/2011
CORE
Biofuel Signs MOU for Testing and Biorefinery Development
Canadian company CORE Biofuel Inc
has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with an un-named renewable energy
project development entity for construction of integrated biorefineries. The MOU also provides for
third-party verification of CORE's gasification to catalysis process and for testing CORE's Zero Fossil
Input (ZFI) 92-octane drop-in gas equivalent fuel in a pilot plant. The
details of the MOU will be released upon completion of third party testing. CORE’s Melnichuk-Kelly-Stanko (MKS)
Gasoline Synthesis plants are exothermic, designed to include conventional heat exchangers and steam turbines to
produce electricity. Using this approach, MKS Process facilities will be largely energy self sufficient and may
be small net contributors of electricity to the grid. Don Sigler, Chief Financial Officer of CORE, commented,
"We are extremely pleased to have our development partner utilizing our wood-to-gasoline technology. The
developer has a long history in the wood products industry throughout North America and brings that experience
and expertise through its renewable energy efforts to our partnership." 05/10/2011
UC San
Diego Receives $2MM for Large Molecule Biofuels Initiative
The California Energy Commission (CEC) has awarded $2,000,000 to researchers at the University of California
(UC) San Diego to establish the California Initiative for Large Molecule Sustainable Fuels (CILMSF).
The award was part of $3,357,965 for three research projects from the CEC's Public Interest Energy Research
(PIER) program. The Initiative will work with regional and statewide economic and workforce development
organizations, as well as the California university and community college systems, to develop a training
curriculum focused on advanced tools for biomass conversion to renewable liquid fuels. Training scientists and
technicians for "green collar" jobs is a major focus of the partnership between the CEC and UC San Diego. In
accordance with the State Alternative Fuels Plan, these large molecule fuels must be compatible with existing
fuel refining and distribution infrastructure (drop-in fuels), and production of these fuels should not compete
with production of food. Stephen Mayfield, professor of biology at UC San Diego, will head the $2 million,
3-year research effort. Mayfield is also head of the San Diego Center for Algae Biotechnology, a consortium of local
research institutions and commercial partners which was formed two years ago. The collaborative CILMSF program is expected to take three years to complete.
05/10/2011
DOE
Community Energy Strategic Planning Webinar Scheduled
The US Department of Energy's (DOE) Technical Assistance Program will provide an
informational webinar on May 12, 2011 to explore the new Community Energy Strategic Planning (CESP) program for cities and
counties. The web presentation will also introduce the CESP Academy, a soon-to-be launched free source of
technical support for community energy efficiency projects. The CESP Academy is designed to help community
leaders develop an energy vision, engage important stakeholders, design effective energy programs, identify
funding sources and map out custom strategies to implement and manage energy efficiency projects. This
presentation will take place online. There is no charge for
participation but on-line registration is required. 05/10/2011
Wake
Forest U Receives Biodiesel Catalysis Grant
The Biofuels Center of North Carolina (NC) has awarded a grant of $145,665 to Wake Forest University's Terrafinity
project, where researchers are developing inexpensive catalysts for converting the free fatty acids into
biodiesel. The grant will help pay for large scale production of the catalyst
through a commercial-grade company. Abdessadek Lachgar, a chemistry professor at the university and one of two
officials supervising the project, said that Marshallton Research Laboratories Inc of King is expected to begin
work in July. "We know how to make the catalyst but don't have the capacity to make the levels we need to move
forward with the project," Lachgar said. The one-year award is part of $1.6MM distributed to 15 NC projects to accelerate commercialization
of renewable liquid fuels. The work supports one goal of the Biofuels Center to develop a statewide industry for producing at least
10 percent of the liquid fuels sold each year in the state by 2017. 05/09/2011
NativeEnergy Offers Carbon Offsets from Manure-to-Biogas
Project
NativeEnergy will sell up to 40,000 tons of carbon offset credits originating from
its 49th "Help Build" carbon management effort, the methane avoidance Northeast Farm Separation Project. The project will use advanced solid/liquid separation
methods to reclaim nutrients and produce sterile mulch for animal bedding and soils amendment. INTEGRITY Ag Systems, located in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, is the project and technology
developer; their Nutrient Control System will convert manure from at dairy and beef cattle farms in New York,
Pennsylvania, and Maryland. In total, the separation systems on the three farms will reduce approximately 5,700
metric tons per year of greenhouse gas emissions by treating the manure from over 2,900 cows. By purchasing Help
Buildâ„¢ carbon offsets, businesses and individuals join to help finance the project’s construction. “We are
very pleased to have NativeEnergy’s help in making these projects happen,” said Tim Rensch, President
of INTEGRITY. “Their Help Buildâ„¢ model has clearly made it possible for these farmers to move forward with
solutions that otherwise would not have been implemented.” 05/06/2011
UK DfT Study: Used
Cooking Oil was Number One Biofuel Feedstock
The United Kingdom (UK) Department for Transport's (DfT) first Low Carbon Fuel newsletter announces availability of the Administration's Biofuels statistics= for the record year 2010-2011. Waste Vegetable Oil (WVO) showed a
distinct rise over the previous year, and was also the largest single feedstock for biofuel (314m litres, 26% of
total biofuel supplied). The majority of feedstock has been imported; only 20% of the biofuel was reported as
coming from UK feedstocks. Greenhouse gas savings of 55% were achieved against a target of 50%. 4.1 billion
litres of biofuel have been supplied under the Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation (RTFO) in the first 33 months, and a quarterly update is available on the RTFO covering the period from July 2010 to January 2011.
05/06/2011
KiOR and Catchlight Sign
Advanced Biofuels Offtake Agreement
Advanced biofuels company KiOR has signed a conditional offtake agreement with the Chevron / Weyerhaeuser 50-50% joint venture
company Catchlight Energy (CLE). KiOR has developed fast pyrolysis for "biomass catalytic cracking" to bio-oil,
their Biomass Catalytic Cracking (BCC) technology that catalytically converts lignocellulose biomass into a high
quality bio-crude suitable for refining directly to standard transportation fuels. Catchlight was formed to focus on providing liquid transportation fuels from sustainable
forest-based resources. This is KiOR's second offtake agreement; CLE will purchase gasoline and diesel fuel
blendstocks from KiOR’s first commercial production facility in Columbus, Mississippi, contingent on the product
meeting specification criteria. The companies have also signed a Testing and Optimization Agreement to optimize
the compatibility of KiOR’s blendstocks with Chevron’s facilities. Teru Talk reported on KiOR's first offtake agreement with Hunt Refining in March 2011. 05/06/2011
PNNL's
Renamed Institute for Integrated Catalysis to Refocus on Biofuels
The US Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) Institute for Integrated Catalysis (IIC) is now focused on developing
catalysts that can efficiently make fuels from alternate feedstocks such as biomass and carbon dioxide, store
electrical energy in chemical bonds, and increase fuel efficiency and cut emissions at the same time. Previously
called the Institute for Interfacial Catalysis, the new name and new focus is marked by the arrival of a new
director, chemist Johannes Lercher, currently a professor at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen (TUM) and the editor of a leading
chemistry journal, "The Journal of Catalysis." The interim director of the former Institute for Interfacial
Catalysis, PNNL chemist Chuck Peden, said growing needs for new energy sources have augmented the old IIC and
reshaped it into the new one. ." 05/05/2011
Massachusetts Draft RPS Biomass Regs Submitted for Legislative Review
Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick's office has announced that the Department of Energy Resources (DOER) submitted Renewable Portfolio Standard Biomass (RPS
Biomass) final draft regulations to the Legislature's Joint Committee on
Telecommunications, Utilities, and Energy for its 30-day review and comment. This draft follows DOER circulation
of a 2010 version and incorporates public and agency comments from two public hearings to establish criteria
that woody biomass facilities must meet under the Massachusetts RPS. The 2010 draft built upon recommendations from the
Biomass Sustainability and Carbon Policy Study completed for DOER in
June 2010 by the Manomet Center for Conservation Sciences of Plymouth. The Manomet researchers found that the
use of sustainably-harvested forest biomass to replace oil heat would likely begin to yield benefits in
greenhouse gas emissions reduction in as little as five years. From this base, eligibility and efficiency
guidelines were also developed for the Legislature to assess sustainability of biomass as feedstock and
are available for review. DOER will incorporate comments and finalize the
regulations after the Joint Committee review. 05/05/2011
BioGenset Pilot Project Launched in New York
Biodiesel Industries (BI) will administer and Sprague Energy will manage participation in the BioGenset pilot project to promote use of biodiesel to fuel back-up
generator sets (gensets). The pilot project is partially funded by the New York State Energy Research and
Development Authority (NYSERDA). New York State consumes roughly one-fifth of the petroleum distillate used in
the United States and has close to a billion-gallon annual demand for diesel fuel. A 2000 estimate by NYSERDA
identified use of 720,000 gallons a day, or over 250 million gallons annually in electric generators. BI builds,
owns and operates biodiesel production facilities in Australia, California, Colorado, Nevada and Texas, and has
conducted feedstock and production feasibility studies for clients worldwide. Steven J. Levy, Managing Director
of Sprague Energy and President of the New York City and Lower Hudson Valley Clean Cities stated, “BioGenset is
an opportunity to reduce our reliance on foreign oil, reduce greenhouse gases, and create local jobs. We are
looking for leaders in industry, government and academia to become involved.” Francis J. Murray Jr, President
and CEO of NYSERDA, said, “We are proud to support Sprague Energy’s effort to promote biodiesel. The
transportation sector is responsible for about 75 percent of the state’s petroleum consumption and 40 percent of
its greenhouse gas emissions. Biodiesel is helping us move toward a clean-energy economy here in New
York.” The BioGenset program will hold a Workshop June 9, 2011 at Bronx Community College. To participate in the BioGenset
program, e-mail your interest to info@biogenset.com or contact Steven Levy at
Sprague Energy at slevy@spragueenergy.com or (914) 328-6770, who can also
inspect your equipment and deliver a B5 blend if you are within the Sprague Energy service area.
05/04/2011
CE-CERT
Collaboration with Thai Institute on Steam Hydro Gasification
The University of California, Riverside, Bourns College of Engineering, Center for Environmental Research
& Technology (CE-CERT) has signed a research and development collaborative agreement
with the Thailand Institute of Scientific and Technological Research to focus
on steam hydro gasification. Thailand researchers will be installing the gasification process that
converts biomass and agricultural wastes into fuel in their new research laboratory. The memorandum of
understanding between CE-CERT and the Thailand Institute is effective for three years, and will allow for:
exchange of researchers to execute the research; exchange of information and publications on the research;
advice on related technology; implementation of cooperative research; and joint publication of research.
CE-CERT's patented Steam Hydro Gasification, a thermal chemical process that turns carbon-based materials,
including everything from food waste to wood, into gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, has been assessed by the U.S.
Department of Energy, National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL). In 2009, NETL compared all mainstream gasification technologies
and found the CE-CERT process to be 12 percent more efficient, with 18 percent lower capital costs than
competing technologies. Viresco Energy LLC has the exclusive licensing option to this
technology, marketing of the synthetic fuel from the process. "It’s really a an exciting project because Thailand is showcasing the
UCR technology," said Joseph Norbeck, a professor emeritus at UC Riverside who, along with Dr. Chan Park and
his students have led the development of steam hydro gasification at CE-CERT. "It’s a showcase for all of
Asia." 05/04/2011
Avantium
Starts Bioplastics Production in the Netherlands
Avantium has begun bioplastics production at their polyester plant on the Chemelot site
in Geleen, the Netherlands.Avantium acquired
the polyester pilot plant from Johnson Matthey in the United Kingdom, where the plant was used for the
production, development and testing of oil-based polyesters. The company is commercializing their YXY brand
green materials and fuels made from biomass, and will use the polyester pilot plant for the production,
development and testing of biobased polyesters, such as PEF (poly-ethylene-furanoate) designed to compete with
oil-based polyesters. The YXY technology makes it possible to produce a 100% biobased and 100%
recyclable polyester, and can be implemented in existing chemical production assets.." Avantium collaborates with
leading companies in the industry to start using green materials and fuels based on YXY building blocks. For
more information, contact MariÃ«tte Hoogendoorn at +31 20 586 8010 or visit the corporate or product websites.05/04/2011
UK's
Carbon Trust and Siemens Launch Energy Efficiency Financing
An Energy Efficiency Financing program is now available in the United
Kingdom (UK) for business customers and suppliers. Carbon Trust Implementation Services (CTIS) and Siemens
Financial Services together are offering leases, loans and other financing options to all types of organizations
seeking to reduce their energy use, and can be arranged for amounts above Â£1000, with no upper limits. Projects
considered eligible for financing, including renewables, will be assessed for potential to deliver real energy
savings. Energy Saving Assessments will be conducted by Carbon Trust Implementation Services to review the
estimated CO2 and energy savings and whether the monthly energy cost savings are likely to match or exceed
Energy Efficiency Financing payments. Eligible projects include heat recovery, efficient heating, air
conditioning, refrigeration, and industrial process thermal efficiency. Detailed cost and efficiency
Power Factor Correction calculators are provided for many project
types, including Loan Guidance for Biomass Heating. A helpline is available at +44 0800
988 3718 to assist with eligibility determinations. 05/03/2011
DTSC
Schedules Green Chemistry Initiative Meeting
California's Department of Toxic Substance Control (DTSC) has scheduled a meeting of the Green Ribbon Science Panel (GRSP) in
Sacramento on Thursday, May 5, 2011 in the afternoon, and Friday, May 6th, all day. The DTSC seeks input from
the GRSP and from the public, on three issues: (1) Chemical Identification and Prioritization, (2) Product
Identification and Prioritization, and (3) De Minimis and Unintentionally-Added Chemicals. The GRSP was established September 2008 with two green chemistry laws AB
1879 (Feuer) and SB 509 (Simitian), mandating development of regulation to identify and prioritize chemicals of
concern in consumer products and to create methods for analyzing alternatives to existing hazardous chemicals.
Following hearings late last year, DTSC directed that GRSP subcommittees explore
key topics in depth. DTSC staff will report on subcommittee issues at the meeting. Background information on the
Green Chemistry Initiative is available on-line; the meeting will also be webcast. Questions about
the program, the meeting or the agenda may be directed to Kathy Barwick at (916) 323-3381, or via e-mail at
kbarwick@dtsc.ca.gov. 05/03/2011
DOE
Hosts Global Biofuel Sustainability Webinar
The US Department of Energy (DOE) will host a webinar on May
17, 2011 from 11:00 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EDT, entitled "Sustainability for the Global Biofuels Industry: Minimizing Risks and
Maximizing Opportunities." The free web conference will explore sustainability issues surrounding.
Although on-line registration the web conference is free, space is limited in
order to provide an opportunity for interaction. 05/03/2011
NC
Biofuels Center Awards $1.6MM in Advanced Biofuels Grants
The Biofuels Center of North Carolina has awarded $1.6 million to 15 project developers to accelerate commercialization
of advanced liquid biofuels. Of these, two grants focused on conversion of waste-sourced feedstock into
biofuels. $145,988 was awarded to North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University of
Greensboro for "Assessment of Municipal Solid Wastes into Biofuels via Pyrolysis." The project will assess the
conversion of municipal solid waste into bio-oil using pyrolysis, analyzing the technical and economic
feasibilities. The Environmental Research and Education Foundation of Raleigh received
$93,119 for "Utilizing Municipal Solid Waste as a Biofuels Feedstock" to explore the use of gasification that
can be used on about 60 percent of solid municipal waste (MSW). It will also study the process of MSW into
liquid fuels compared to other forms of energy from MSW. For further information, contact Norman Smit, Director,
Communications and Education of the Biofuels Center of North Carolina: 919.339.3509, or
nsmit@biofuelscenter.org. 05/02/2011
Minnesota Plans Waste-to-Energy Workshop for Food and Livestock Industries
The Minnesota Department of Commerce's Office of Energy Security will partner with state, federal and
institutional organizers to stage a waste-to-energy workshop on May 24, 2011. The workshop is designed to
address the needs and challenges of Minnesota's food processing and livestock industries. Attendees will be
presented detailed information in five conversion categories: (1) Anaerobic Digester (AD) and Biogas Energy
Recovery Technologies and Concepts, (2) Steps to Developing a Successful Biogas to Energy Project, (3)
Experiences and Lessons Learned from Food Processing and Livestock Producers, (4) Connecting to the Grid, and
(5) Available AD/CHP Support and Resources. John Cuttica of the DOE Midwest Clean Energy Application Center co-hosts with Jeff Haase of
the Minnesota Office of Energy Security. There is a nominal charge to register; for further information contact Sam Rinaldi at 312-996-2554
or samr@uic.edu; or Subodh Patel at 651-297-1219 or Subodh.Patel@state.mn.us. 05/02/2011
UK's
Environment Agency Issues Waste Incineration Guidance
The United Kingdom's Environment Agency has released a useful short guidance document designed to help agency staff differentiate between
strict waste incineration and "co-incineration" when classifying a facility under the Waste Incineration Directive (WID). The WID regulates and defines
incineration plants and co-incineration plants. Co-incineration plans are designed for recovery of materials
and/or energy. Examples include: (1) a plant having as its primary purpose the production of
material products or generation of energy, such as a cement plant, produces a fuel product from waste, or uses
the fuel energy from the waste directly in making a product; (2) Plants with a net export of energy (as
electricity or heat) to another plant in the installation or users outside the installation, such that the plant
operation is linked to an energy consuming facility (e.g. industrial site, business park). For co-incineration,
energy recovery must be at least 0.8 megawatt hours per of waste, or the plant must achieve significant combined
heat and power characteristics. The UK's Environment Agency is an "Executive Non-departmental Public Body"
focused on implementing central government environmental policies throughout the Kingdom.
05/02/2011
Founding
Sponsor:
Featured
Events:
See your event here!
Recommended
Reading:
CHAGALL: The Recycling Dragon by Marty Strauss
Out of the Wasteland: Stories from the Environmental Frontier by Paul
RelisOy Vey! Something went wrong. We are very sorry, please try again later.
Yair Emanuel Raw Silk Embroidered Bookmark with Flowers in WhiteProduct ID: STN-EY-13571
In stock
$7
Sorry! The quantity is limited to two items only.
In accordance with our shipping policy
Chat with a Judaica expert Click Here
Similar Products
Yair Emanuel Raw Silk Embroidered Bookmark with Flowers in White
This Yair Emanuel raw silk bookmark is embroidered with pink and red flowers on a creamy Flowers in White
This lovely raw silk bookmark by Yair Emanuel features a beautiful, classic design. Embroidered with delicate pink and red flowers offset by a creamy white background, this bookmark is lovely to behold.
Perfect for family and friends, this raw silk Yair Emanuel bookmark will not only help mark a page but can also help in marking a special occasions such as a birthday or housewarming.Instead of completing the conversion log I started back in May, I decided to create a separate page to document the conversion of my Donkey Kong 3 machine into Donkey Kong. Those of you who are new to the hobby might be able to pick up some helpful hints on the conversion and restoration of classic games. Those of you who are experienced hobbyists (or casual observers) will, hopefully, find the process interesting. The entire process took about two weeks, from May 22 through June 6, 2002.
I've broken the process down for easy reference. Click on a link below to jump to the step you're interested in.
I acquired a Donkey Kong 3 machine as part of a large number of items from a local collector who was moving out of town. From the start, I intended to convert the game to a Donkey Kong. (I was never a fan of DK3.) The machine itself was a conversion (I think most DK3 machines were). This particular one was housed in a Donkey Kong Jr. cabinet. It still had part of the Donkey Kong Jr. instruction sticker on it.
The machine was in fairly good condition. The side art was pristine, as were the control panel, marquee, and monitor bezel. The cabinet was in decent shape, too, apart from some minor dings on the sides and back, and some nasty holes on either side of the coin door where a lock bar was removed. The game and controls worked 100%.
Back to the top.
My first task was breaking down the game. It's (obviously) much easier to paint the game if all of the external hardware is removed from the cabinet. From the exterior, I removed:
In addition to removing the outside hardware, I decided to strip the interior of the cabinet and clean it out. So, I removed the monitor, the power supply, the boards, the speaker, and the wiring harness. This is all quite straightforward, but daunting--you get that feeling that you'll never be able to put it together again! To ease that fear, I used labeling tags to label each and every connection. That way, I would (theoretically) know where everything goes when it came time to put it back together. To make sure I didn't lose any screws and bolts, I put all of them in ziplock bags, each labeled as to the part they secured.
After the cabinet was empty, I cleaned out the 20 or so years of gunk and dust that had accumulated with a vacuum cleaner and a damp towel. I also cleaned all of the pieces I removed, which were also caked with dust.
Back to the top.
With the cabinet bare, I was ready to begin painting. I had originally planned to strip the cabinet down to the wood, but decided against it--too much effort. Instead, I sanded down the entire surface to remove the gloss, filled all of the major holes as best I could with Plastic Wood (a filler product), and applied two coats of Kilz white oil-based primer to all of the orange surfaces.
To match the "Donkey Kong blue" color, I printed a picture of a Donkey Kong cabinet and took it to the local Lowe's home improvement store paint department. They electronically color-matched the paint to the picture. This is an approximation, of course--the game in the photo could have been faded. However, the end result was (I think) very close to the original color as I remember it. I chose semi-gloss latex enamel, which looks quite good in my opinion. I applied two coats. I used a roller for the large areas, and small brushes for detail and touchup.
For those of you attempting your own restoration, here's the paint info:
Valspar American Tradition, Lowes #625 Interior Base 2, Semi-Gloss, 102-3Y21.5, 103-19, 116-24
I repainted all of the black surfaces of the game--back, top, front trim, and interior areas--with flat black latex enamel. Finally, I repainted the coin door and the marquee/bezel brackets with flat black Rustoleum spray paint.
Back to the top.
After the paint was dry, it was time to put the machine back together. I started by reinstalling the speaker, power supply, and board cage and hooking up everything I could. (I didn't put the monitor back in yet--I was going to have the capacitors replaced (also known as "recapping"). I reapplied the T-molding and rebuilt and replaced the coin door.
The Donkey Kong boards were mounted to a metal plate that wouldn't slide into the DK3 board cage, so I had to take them off their mounting plate, connect them with board spacers, and slide them in. Not the original arrangement for a Donkey Kong machine, but I'm not that picky about stuff you don't see.
I also attached the Donkey Kong control panel to the machine. Initially, I had planned on putting a new control panel overlay (CPO) on the existing DK3 control panel. Unfortunately, DK3 used a metal control panel with the CPO glued to the surface. Donkey Kong used a wood CP with a Plexiglas overlay bolted onto it. The fire/jump button was also in the wrong place on DK3. So, instead of ordering a CPO from Arcade Renovations (where I got the rest of my restoration hardware), I managed to pick up a complete CP off of eBay. A really nice one, too!
One final CP snag was the wiring harness. The Donkey Kong connectors are different from those of the DK3 wiring harness in my game. So, I had to take the wiring harness off of the DK3 control panel and wire that to the new Donkey Kong panel.
Back to the top.
Nintendo machines are unique in that they use a nonstandard lighting fixture in the marquee. The one in this machine was original--as was the bulb and the ballast, both of which needed replacing. The parts for this fixture are not easy to find, so I decided to take advantage of another unique feature of Nintendo machines. Instead of hardwiring the power for the marquee light and the monitor into the power supply in some way, there is a standard electrical outlet with two plugs, one each for the light and the monitor.
I removed the existing light fixture and replaced it with a $15 12-inch under-the-counter florescent light fixture that I found at Home Depot. The new fixture has an 8-watt florescent tube (as opposed to the 10-watt bulb in the original) but it works just fine (even though the Nintendo power supply only puts out a maximum of 100 volts). The power cord wasn't long enough, so I had to use a standard extension cord to make the plug reach the power supply.
Once again, this isn't an original piece of hardware, but it works beautifully and you can't tell it's not the right light fixture unless you open the machine.
Back to the top.
Arcade Renovations is the premier source for restoration art and hardware for video games, bar none (in my opinion, at least). I bought replacement side art from them for my Spy Hunter machine a year or so ago and was pleased with it. Philippe is a great guy to deal with, and he set me up with everything I needed to finish off my Donkey Kong. I ordered everything but the control panel overlay--side art, instruction stickers, marquee, and monitor bezel.
I applied the instruction sticker first. There are actually two instruction stickers--one that goes on the control panel itself, and another that goes on the crossbar just above the control panel. I didn't bother with the one on the CP (the one on the CP I bought on eBay looks fine), just the one for the crossbar.
Side art was next. Placement of a sticker this big is kind of nerve-wracking because it's hard to get it straight and in the correct position. Positioning wasn't a problem in this case, though. Donkey Kong machines have monitor brackets that mount with four large bolts (two on each side) that go straight through the sides of the machine. That means, the bolt heads poke through the side art. I used a picture of a Donkey Kong machine to determine where the bolts poked through, and lined up the side art according to that picture. I used a ruler along the top and back of the sticker to make sure it was level front-to-back and top-to-bottom.
I carefully pressed along the top edge just enough to hold the sticker in place and then, when the sticker was level, I used my hand to smooth it down a bit at a time, carefully squeezing out all air bubbles along the way. The stickers have a protective covering over the art, so you don't have to worry about messing them up when you're smoothing them down. After the sticker was smooth, I rubbed again along the entire perimeter to make sure it was tight, and peeled off the protective covering. Voila! New side art!
Back to the top.
A local arcade dealer re-capped my monitor for me (the picture's nice and clear now), and I put it back in. This meant poking holes in the side art for the bracket bolts to go through. Some people cover the bolt heads up with the side art stickers when they restore the machine, but that makes it very easy to rip the side art. Plus, it's not the way it was originally done. The bolts are kind of ugly, but they're also kind of necessary--the monitor wouldn't be very steady without them.
The last part to arrive was the monitor bezel (it was on back order). That was all I needed to finish off the game. I installed the bezel and the marquee, closed up the back of the machine, and that was that.
Back to the top.
And here's what a couple of weeks of work will get you. Check out these pictures! The game looks almost showroom new. You can hardly recognize it as the same game anymore! The total cost of the conversion/renovation was under $300 including the machine itself! Not bad for such a nice-looking (and nice-playing!) Donkey Kong!
Back
to the top.- Search
- Submit News Tip
- News
- Sports
- Trending Now
- Business
- Entertainment
- Life
- Community
- Opinion
- Videos
- Weather
- Obituaries
- Games
- Marketplace
- Contests
- Archive
Love for the hunt
Stranded on a mountain with a pack full of sheep meat, Anne-Marie Briggs had no other option than to bed down for the night and wait until daylight.
Getout!
Who knew the two were spending time underneath the mistletoe? This year's Winterval Santa Parade features a giant Yukon River salmon puppet, stilt walkers and marshmallow roasting.
Latin fiesta offers a lifeline to youth
Lucie Desaulniers and Michel Morris love to dance, and not just with each other. The couple - both youth counsellors and salsa teachers - are organizing a Latin fiesta tomorrow evening at the Mount McIntyre Recreation Centre.
video
Get off your duff to make a difference
It’s easy to be apathetic, lazy, uninterested. It doesn’t take a lot of effort to be bored.
Talk, text or tweet but tell someone your problems today
Communications giant Bell Canada hopes to change that with a special campaign today aimed at getting people to talk about their mental health issues. Its recruited six-time Canadian Olympic medalist Clara Hughes to help get the message out. In a 32-second TV commercial, Hughes tells how she's battled depression.
Champagne and Aishihik scholar lands prestigious scholarship
Jocelyn Joe-Strack was sitting on her desk, writing up the working land use plan for her First Nation’s land when she was struck with an idea.
Back to Bhutan
The last time Judith Steele was in Bhutan, a raven stole her soother..
Getting kids in the ring
It has been at least 10 years since flying trapeze artists and twisting aerial acrobats have swung through Whitehorse. And that's not because it's too far for the circus caravan to travel. They just haven't been invited.
Aid worker given the gift of hope
The young boy bent over and picked up the tiny, crying newborn. Covered in afterbirth and with the umbilical chord still attached, the child had…
Training the next crop of First Nations leaders
Leading a First Nation can present its own unique challenges compared to municipal or territorial politics, says former Champagne and Aishihik First Nations Chief Diane Strand.
Whitehorse hit by tandem Sally Ann painters
Instead of biking for a nebulous cause, Belinda and Roland Hinmueller are getting their hands dirty. he New Zealand couple - riding a yellow tandem bike from Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, to Argentina - is volunteering at Salvation Army posts along their route.
Young correspondent finds more war than he bargained for
‘So this guy from Texas has a motorcycle and we’re sitting there in Cairo hatching a plan to ride it to Lebanon,” says Jamie…
GET OUT!
Local artist and seamstress Lea-Ann Dorval is putting her original designs, artwork and accessories on sale - at half price. A few months ago, Dorval's three-year-old nephew was diagnosed with Wilms Tumour, a very rare kidney cancer that targets young children..for Discussion & Play-by-Post Games
by Wouter » Sat Mar 12, 2016 5:51 pm
by jcftao » Sun Mar 13, 2016 7:48 am
by jcftao » Tue May 24, 2016 11:49 am
by jcftao » Thu Apr 13, 2017 5:48 am
by dairy industry must get ready now for the sweeping changes that will force all food companies to overhaul their Nutrition Facts label in the coming years,” Cary Frye, IDFA vice president of regulatory and scientific affairs, said this week in Dairy Foods magazine. Estimates show more than 800,000 labels across the food industry will need changes to comply with the new nutrition label regulations issued in May by the Food and Drug Administration.
To help dairy companies get ready for this massive label change, IDFA will offer a new webinar next month. The webinar, “Nutrition Label Reform Final Rule: Implications for the Dairy Industry Webinar Series,” will be held August 22 and 23, with two-hour sessions each day, 1:00-3:00 p.m. Eastern time.
Sessions in the two-day webinar will be led by Frye and Michelle Matto, principal at AM Food & Nutrition and nutrition and labeling consultant for IDFA.
The first day of the webinar will review changes to information used in the Nutrition Facts label, including nutrient reference values, declaration of nutrients and changes to the Daily Values. It will also review detailed information on how added sugars and dietary fiber will now be labeled and what records are needed for compliance.
The second day of the webinar will cover changes the FDA made to serving size reference amounts for ice cream, novelties, yogurt, smoothies and non-carbonated beverages, and will provide detailed information on new rules for single-serving containers. The webinar will also cover the various Nutrition Label formats available to use on different package sizes, as well as multi-pack foods that will need dual columns of nutrition information on the individual serving and whole package.
IDFA’s webinar format will provide mulitple opportunities to ask questions and learn the answers immediately on the phone call or via a chat box. Participants will also receive PDF versions of the webinar slides to print for future reference.
IDFA will repeat the webinar September 20 and 21, 2016.
View the full webinar agenda for more information. Members with questions may contact Frye at cfrye@idfa.org or Matto at amfoodnutrition@gmail.com.When you need to get large crowds of people's attention then this small logo cow bell is your answer.
If you're tired of drinking plain milk, but still want to get the nutrition; use this flavored milk custom infuser drops to enhance the flavor with a squeeze of naturally flavored sweetness.
Be forever refreshed as long as you carry this great 6-sided Tritan custom water bottle around! The unique design is as appealing as it is convenient.
This promotional stadium cushion is great for any sporting event.
24 oz. promotional sports bottle changes color when you add refrigerated water.
A custom writing set in a convenient pocket case with colored trim.
This unique promotional tumblers will be the hit of your summer promotions.
Promote bicycle safety with this aluminum promotional bicycle bell imprinted with your logo.
Promotional custom imprinted ID holders are a great gift for employees and trade show goers.
A solid yet lightweight promotion sports bottle with sip through lid.
Give these reflective custom lanyard out when you are looking for an item to proudly display your name and logo or event.
This streamlined promotional backpack is designed to go anywhere.
Perfect for the locker or office, this promotional mirror is also a message board.
Zippered 3-Ring Promotional Organizer will help keep you organized and never wondering where to go for pens.
A foam insulated, reusable Promotional cooler bag that beats out the regular disposable paper and plastic bags.
This logo stapler is a cute and practical desk accessory.
An appealing twist on the everyday promotional pencil, imprinted with your message and logo, this custom pencil makes a mighty big statement.
Wave these snake custom inflatable shakers in the air to show off your logo outdoors, at sporting events, and picnics.
These.
A custom magnet is the perfect way to keep your logo displayed everyday!
Polyester logo imprinted jump rope with soft EVA handles and 9 foot rope.
Be ready to take on sudden storms with this custom umbrella that features a vented windproof canopy to battle strong wind gusts!
If you have baseball fever then the only cure is more of this promotional cow bell.
Cozy up to this super-soft promotional blanket!
Recipients can take their lunch and your brand anywhere with these custom containers imprinted with your logo.
This!
This customized electronics case holds a variety of cell phones, Mp3 players, and other electronic devices..All Xero In episodes
Hosted by Jeanne-Vida Douglas and Rob Stone
People. They’re at the centre of everything you do in small business. So people management and culture building should be a top priority for any leader or manager.
This week Steve Vamos joins Xero In hosts Rob Stone and JV Douglas to share insights from his three decades of experience in leadership roles across companies including IBM, Apple, Microsoft and Ninemsn.
“The mindset of leaders, the way that leaders think and the people around them think defines an organisation’s fate,” Steve says.
Tune in to find out how to frame your leadership approach for the current, turbulent times, and why people management should always come first.
Small business resources:
How to build a great small business team – Xero Small Business Guide
Workplace bullies and how not to be one – xero.com/blog
Episode transcript
Hosts: Jeanne-Vida Douglas [JVD] and Rob Stone [RS]
Guest: Steve Vamos [SV]
SV: Too many leaders think they have a strategy that they’re going to tell everybody and the truth is until your people tell you in their words what you told them, they haven’t got it. You haven’t communicated.
JVD: Welcome back to Xero In, I’m JV Douglas and I’m here with Rob Stone.
RS: Good morning, JV.
JVD: How are you going Rob?
RS: Very well thanks, very excited about today.
JVD: Super excited today because we’re going to chat with Steve Vamos.
RS: I’ve been a big fan of Steve Vamos for quite a long time and I can’t wait to hear his thoughts around being a good people manager and the importance of it.
JVD: Yeah, and the – the really fascinating thing about Steve is not only does he have a – an – an excellent insights that he’s openly shared throughout his career, he’s got this amazing track record of having worked in companies during incredibly challenging times.
RS: Yeah. Can’t wait to talk to Steve around how to manage people in the best way and the importance of culture, purpose, mindfulness – as a business leader what comes first to drive success in an organisation.
JVD: Yeah, let’s switch to him now..
JVD: There’s been a very strong theme throughout your career of focusing on people and the importance of treating people well and giving them an opportunity to do their best. I’m wondering if you could talk us through where those ideas first started in your career, and – and how they’ve changed as you’ve – as you’ve sort of held these really important roles in corporate Australia.
SV: If you look at my career I’ve sort of been in, I don’t know whether you call it the wrong places at the right time or the wrong time. But I had to manage through IBM’s difficulties. In fact I announced the first ever redundancies in IBM’s history back in the early 90s when I was the general manger of their business in Perth.
That was a company that had jobs for life… up until that point. And then I went to Apple and lived through the traumas at Apple through three CEOs and then the dot.com crash and through all of that what I really observed was that the mindset of leaders, the way that leaders think and the people around them think defines an organisation’s fate. And that’s when I really started to understand the human side of business is so much more important.
I kind of remember the first time I was managing people and I had feedback on my management style. I thought I was really good, I thought I was a really great leader and someone I’d love to work for and then I got this feedback which was awful.
People working for me said that I was a control freak, that I used them as tools to get my job done.
JVD: Wow.
SV: ... That I wasn’t particularly interested in them and I was shocked. I had no idea that that’s the way they saw me and that really shook me and woke me up. I remember talking to my wife about the fact that I had that feedback and she said, “well hallelujah you’re getting – you’re getting the message”. So…
[Laughter]
JVD: And that disconnect between who you thought you were as a leader and – and what was actually happening with the team you were working with, how common do you think that is and what, I guess, approaches should leaders be adopting in order to get that insight and respond to it in an effective way?
SV: Look, there’s nothing more valuable than getting feedback at work no matter who you are and it is a tragedy that we don’t give more of it and get more of it. It’s not comfortable, it’s not comfortable asking someone “how am I and what could I do better?”
Because, really, you don’t want to hear the bad news, it’s – you’re only human, it’s – it’s uncomfortable. But the truth is how can you ever get better if you don’t know where you’re not doing your best or you’re not performing to a particularly good level. And if you look at professional sport and every other field of endeavour feedback is very direct, very frequent and very impactful. So why isn’t the case – that the case in business? And the reason it isn’t is that in business, we’ve sort of grown up with a culture or a mindset that is a little bit, like we’re a machine, not a human. You know, you join a company, you get told what you do and the – the – the comment or the direction is do your job. Just do your job.
And that’s changing now because bosses no longer are sure about what needs to happen because the world is changing so fast – and because the world is changing so fast more and more leaders of business want their people to be innovative, creative, come up with new ways and new pathways and their people are looking around going hang on a minute, for the last 10, 20, 30 years I’ve been working you wanted me to do what I’m told. Now you want me to help you invent or create the future, wow that’s a really really big shift and that means as leaders we have to change. It means we have to go from seeing ourselves as star players where our people are the support crew… to seeing ourselves as head coaches who are there to make our people great
And that’s because the value and the future of our company is in our people. And – and that’s there in the financials. If you look at the listed companies that trade on any stock market today or share market today, the value in those companies is no longer defined by physical and financial value on the balance sheet. It used to account for 80% it’s now 30. The value is the expectation that people are going to create new products and services and profits that’ll last well into the future.
RS: Through your career, working at some of the largest corporations in Australia, there must have been a lot of resistance at time where people didn’t understand necessarily where you were coming from. But how do you kind of get your own agenda across of saying this is the best way to go down, you know, we need to fix the culture, we need to focus on the people inside and then from that we can start prioritising all the other problems and fixing them down the line. How do you kind of overcome that resistance?
SV: It’s hard, even today I know that I’m not fully heard with what I’m saying. I’ve got conviction through experience, that the – the crazy experiences I had, you know, Apple, three CEOs in five years and seeing the profound change in each company with the attitude and mindset of those three leaders. One who was in a sense defeated by Microsoft and Intel and thought Apple could only win by being like them. Another who came in to follow that saw himself as a – as a turnaround guy and in turning Apple around he brought Steve Jobs and Wozniak back as advisers and then Steve Jobs stamping his authority on the company by fundamentally focusing it around a quarter of what it was doing.
So shutting down 75 percent of the product line to focus. They – they had a profound effect and – and all through organisations, we know that our managers and our leaders have a profound effect on us. So that’s – my conviction is high and leaders convictions vary depending on their experiences. A lot of people who have experienced running something you didn’t understand have a high conviction for this because they realise it was all about those around them, not them. So it – it varies. So in some board environments what I say about the people dimension gets taken up by the – the management. In other environments I’ve had it’s been less embraced because the leaders have a different perspective.
So as a director or as an – an adviser to – to management I think you have to appeal more to the tangible aspect of this rather than the emotional or the conceptual aspect and – so there’s a few processes that I always like to see which is, for example, one, you know, getting the leader of the organisation to rate the managers that worked with them. But at the end of the day it comes down to your belief, your conviction because belief is everything…
RS: Yep.
SV: …when it comes to business because there’s no startup that got money before it had belief.
RS: So would – would you prefer to work in a – a time of distress where a company’s going through crisis because it’s more likely to get that honest feedback and everyone’s pulling together to survive versus, I guess, that corporate malaise that occurs when you are the leader in a particular field and it’s less likely to get that feedback?
SV: Boy, that’s a – that’s a tough one. I don’t look at it that way anymore. And the experience that really changed me was being the CEO of Nine MSN. I was 40 years of age, I went in there as a well-trained manager, but I went into a company that I knew nothing about. So I knew nothing about advertising revenue and I knew nothing about media as a product and now I was a well-trained and experienced manager of a tech sales business in a completely foreign environment. Every meeting I went to I knew less than the people who worked for me, it didn’t matter what level they were in the company, they all knew more about advertising and media than I did.
So all I could do in those early years of being the CEO was go to meetings, listen, distil what I heard was a problem and then commit myself and the organisation to prioritising and fixing those problems. So for three years I managed with no domain knowledge. I managed with the experience of, you know, knowing how to do planning and management and managing people. I had good background there. Year four I was sitting in my office and I remember looking at the wall thinking I’ve got nothing to do, after two or three really hard years, I had nothing to do. I had the best team around me. I had a team that was clear about what we were there to do and what our priorities were and we had defined a culture that was a great culture over those years.
That culture was born of the honest and open discussion about our dysfunction. But what I realised was what a blessing I had of running a business without knowing anything about that business because it opened my eyes to the fact that my real role is not to be the know it all star player who controls people around me because of my experience on the field, but to realise the real influence and power I had was to make people on the field great and by clarifying what they were there to do, by resolving resource issues, by stamping out dysfunctional behaviours. So that’s all I did and that changed me.
JVD: So that transition from a generator of ideas to a facilitator of ideas that you underwent, what – what advice would you give to say, small business owners that would like to integrate – a feedback-driven model into their approach to management and create a workplace where people are able to contribute ideas and do their best work?
SV: Yeah, look, I think it starts by listening. So, and realising you don’t have to have all the answers, realising the people around you will be engaged and more keen to help if you’re prepared to listen to them and involve them. Too many leaders think they have a strategy that they’re going to tell everybody and the truth is until your people tell you in their words what you told them, they haven’t got it. You haven’t communicated. So I would say ask a lot of questions and listen openly to the answer and be careful about how you respond to the things you don’t like hearing and then you’re going to get a lot more buy-in.
But the net of it is, stop thinking of yourself as a star player who has to have all the ideas and make all the big calls and create all the – the right outcomes on your own. Now if you’re a sole trader and you’re just – it’s just you. I can’t help you that’s clearly what you’re going to have to do and I encourage you to get someone somewhere to be a bit of a coach for you to help you think about how you think from time to time. So you do get a bit of feedback or a bit of a – an external view. But as soon – as your business starts to grow, you have to transition to being a head coach who is there define the strategy with your people, with your team. There to decide and discuss and agree the – the way you’re going to behave and treat each other and your customers.
And then also work through difficult issues around prioritisation. So it’s about a head coach mindset now. I’m not silly enough to suggest that a small to medium business leader doesn’t need to get on the field and be a star player from time to time, that’s great. Do that, but don’t make that your main mode of operation. Make being the head coach of your organisation more your mindset.
RS: Do you think your paradigm will continue to evolve into the future and have you got like an – an insight of where you’re moving to, about your – your thoughts around how to be a good people manager?
SV: You know, I think that ultimately we live in changing times and as human beings, when we’re confronted with a change, or a reason to change or a force that’s affecting us, that drives us to have to change, we have to confront two – amongst many – human things. The first is we have to confront fear because any change we’re programmed to look at as a negative until we understand it fully.
And so when we talk about changing things in our business we have to understand that our people will start from a base of fear and resistance. So we have to confront that fear and then we have to build belief in them. One of the most common things you find is people say “we tried that a few years ago and it didn’t work”. Or, you know, “the ultimate boss won’t let us do that”. There’s assumptions, there’s lack of belief.
So you have to do two things, you have to address fear and build belief that is the role of a manager. And that’s why unless you’re focussed on your people, I don’t see how you’re going to successfully change your organisation because building belief and addressing fear is a really, really big job.
RS: I know you’re an avid reader as well, any kind of recent books that you’ve kind of gone…
SV: Yeah.
RS: “…this was really impactful.”?
SV: One that’s more for those who care and think about management as a function, you can’t beat Gary Hamel’s What Matters Now. Gary Hamel is – and you know, his stuff on YouTube is a really good reflection of many of the things I talk about in a – in a – in a different but very effective way. So that’s good.
The Lean Startup’s a good business book. It’s actually a shame they called it the Lean Startup because it’s really a book – it’s a book that reflects on the comments I made about product management. So this how cycle of how do we get a good, how do we get our product to continually evolve with the market and what is the management philosophy around that that brings my sales, my revenue, my user or marketing and my product and technology focus together really well.
JVD: Steve, I want to say thank you for coming in today because this has been a fantastic conversation.
RS: Yeah, thanks so much.
SV: Well, thanks for having me. I appreciate it.
JVD: Thanks for joining us.
RS: I just loved the fact that when you look at what’s most important in running a business it starts with the people first.
JVD: And why that focus on people is so important given the current economic challenges that all businesses are facing, and given that need to embrace change and create systems that are able to constantly change.
RS: That’s right and let’s not forget this is wisdom distilled from decades of experience working at all echelons in the – in the business community.
I loved his response to feedback as, you know, you really focus on listening, distilling, prioritisation and then that commitment to fix what’s been discussed.
You no longer have to be this leader that’s glorified as having, knowing all the answers, rather working with the teams as a leader that facilitates to get the answers.
JVD: Some absolute gems I think we can all take away and implement.
RS: So thanks again everyone for tuning in to Xero In. I hope you got a lot out of it, and if you have any questions for us or Steve, please use the hashtag Xero In.
JVD: Yeah, thanks for listening guys.Situated in Puerto Princesa City, 6 km from Honda Bay, Siete Verano Guest House offers rooms with air conditioning. An 8-minute walk from Balinsasayaw Restaurant - Rizal and 800 metres from Mendoza Park, the property features a garden and a shared lounge. Palawan Museum is 900 metres from the inn.
With a shared bathroom, rooms at the inn also have free WiFi.
Speaking English and Filipino, staff are always on hand to help at the 24-hour front desk.
Immaculate Conception Cathedral is a 16-minut...e walk from Siete Verano Guest House.Home›About Us›Career Center
SALES, MARKETING, AND SERVICE POSITIONS OF THE CENTURY!! PERIOD!!
These are the local starting earnings in our area;
Physicians make $136k a year
Teachers make $47k a year
Engineers make $85k a year
Technicians $36k a year
Attorneys make $87k a year
Nurses make $63k a year
Opportunities don't disappear they just go to someone else.
I am proud to say that a Sales Rep last week @ my RainSoft distributorship made $7,385, with an annual income of over $140k! More than a Physcian with only one week initial trading to start. No cold calling or door-to-door!! Leads are fresh, local and ready to go.
Our marketing and service staff also make more than most of the professionals above!
How much will YOU make this year? If you never made it to the "Comma club" where all your checks consistently have a comma in the amount, well now is your chance!!!
Make $1,037 in 2 hrs and that's just off your first sale...
We currently partner with the Home Depot, BJ’s and JC Penny’s and have been producing 3000 leads per week.
Want to find out more?
Call The owner Joel Brow @ 954-709-6014
Call now, this is the opportunity of a lifetime!!
Hiring Organization: RainSoft Air & Water, your Home Depot Service Provider.
Sales positions require a car and driver's license.Must pass a criminal background check.This is a full time career opportunity.Spanish, Creol speakers helpful, but not required.
ContinueCan you believe it!?
The summer just started and already it's about time
to hit the books once again.
Schools in this area start on August 19th!
AUGUST 19!!!
Let it be known that I am not ready.....
physically (I haven't even ordered our 4th grade books yet),
or emotionally (how am I going to juggle teaching three this year?)
I've even wondered if it's too late to send them to school.
Hmmmmmm........
But really, the point of this post was to tell you
what really excites me about this time of year.....
back to school sales on
COMPOSITION BOOKS!
Composition books mean journal making at our house.
There is nothing the kids like more than
hauling out my stash of
pretty papers
and ribbons
and sparkly glitter letters.
Throw in a little hot glue,
double sided tape
and a dash of creativity
and we have personalized journals
and very proud little girls!
These are their latest creations.
And I know I'm not allowed to have favorites,
but I especially like the way this one turned out
(minus the dark shadow from the window.)
And yes, that is a piano in the background of picture #1!!!
An adorable man from church lost his piano-playing wife recently
and he thought we should have it.
We. are. so. honored.
Thank you Pinky!!!!!Good morning. Thank you for the introduction and I am pleased to be with you today in New Orleans.
I have the opportunity to talk with your Washington representatives, Ed Greenberg and Jon Kent on a regular basis and I recently had the opportunity to sit down with Jan Fields and Geoff Powell to discuss regulatory issues. And I always find it helpful to address NCBFAA’s membership, share what we are doing at the Federal Maritime Commission, and hear directly from the membership about your interests and priorities.
I was honored to be designated by the President to serve as Acting Chairman of the Federal Maritime Commission. Like my predecessors, however; I am still one of five voting members, so my thoughts and views shared with you this morning are my own and do not represent the official position of the Commission or the President’s Administration.
Yesterday afternoon, I presented testimony before the U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure’s Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Marine Transportation. I started out by noting that we are now in the 100th year of operation under the Shipping Act. By far, we are the oldest maritime regulatory agency in the world and – perhaps, along the way – through case decisions, statutory updates, and periodic revisions to our regulations; we have gained some experience and institutional wisdom to help guide us into the future.
I should also note that, while we enter a new centennial, we are now joined by many other maritime regulatory agencies. Counsel for one of the alliances informed me that they had to register their alliance agreement with over eighty different regulatory bodies around the globe. Later this month, I travel to China for a third session of the triparty sessions started several years ago between the European Union’s competition office, China’s Ministry of Transport and the FMC.
I also spoke about the past year in the industry and the various mergers and realignment of the alliances – all of which you are quite familiar with. I did note that – even with these developments, the vessel liner industry is still relatively unconcentrated. The top three carriers in the U.S. trades have market shares of 12.42 percent (CMA CGM), 12.39 percent (MSC), and 10.62 percent (Maersk) respectively.
These are far from market dominate positions. In fact, we are not close to a "concentrated market" in accepted economic regulatory terms.
While we recognize that alliance members may not coordinate on marketing and pricing under their operational agreement, I noted that the Commission has strengthened our economic review process and we have required tighter limits on the scope of each agreement’s authority.
Last, I spoke to the members of the committee on the issue of seaport efficiency and port congestion and current Commission initiatives. The Supply Chain Innovation Teams led by Commissioner Rebecca Dye have been developing information sharing protocols that should prove extremely beneficial in integrating the global supply chain and providing a boost to the American economy.
Today, the FMC stands forward to Safeguard America’s Maritime Supply Chain. We carry out this mission in a number of areas. As Acting Chairman, my priorities to guide the Commission will be as follows:
These principles are embedded in the stated statutory policy and purposes of the Shipping Act. I believe efficiency, innovation and optimal economic conditions thrive in a marketplace that is not overly regulated and competition is encouraged and preserved.
During my tenure as Acting Chairman of the Commission, I intend to make a meaningful contribution to regulatory reform at the agency. The FMC must focus its resources on programs and initiatives that facilitate and foster competition, thus leading to lower prices, innovation in services and operations throughout the supply chain, and creating increased choices for consumers of ocean transportation services.
Regulatory and statutory reform is a front and center news story in the Washington D.C. press virtually every day. Before I get into current initiatives, let me touch on a bit of Shipping Act history.
Congress expressed its intention for the Commission to proactively look for additional ways to reduce unnecessary regulatory costs and burdens in Section 16 of the Shipping Act of 1984. The Act was part of an overall effort to deregulate all modes of transportation that began in the late 70’s with the railroad industry and then in the 80’s with the inland and coastal marine industries and the truck and airline sectors. While Congress did not go as far in 1984 towards deregulating international ocean liner shipping as it did with some of the mentioned domestic industries, the deregulatory bent of the 1984 legislation was evident in the statute. Congress gave the Commission the authority, based on its expertise and experience with the Shipping Act, to provide an exemption from the application of the act under certain circumstances. In 1998, Congress made clear that it expected – some might say mandated - the Commission to more aggressively use this Section 16 exemption authority whenever possible by liberalizing that authority and making it easier for the Commission to use. The Commission recently examined regulatory requirements for service contracts and NVOCC Service Arrangements in light of current commercial practice and voted unanimously to eliminate a number of burdensome regulatory requirements that served as obstacles to efficient ocean transportation arrangements, added unnecessary transactional costs, and served no regulatory purpose.
This recent action by the Commission to reduce regulatory burdens to provide more realistic filing requirements for service contract and NSA amendments demonstrates the benefits that can be achieved by simply asking, "is there a better, less burdensome, less intrusive, less costly way to do this?"
I intend that the Commission make that question standard operating procedure and look for additional opportunities to provide regulatory relief within our authority. We will:
Toward these objectives and with the concurrence and support of my fellow commissioners, I designated the agency’s Managing Director, Karen Gregory, to serve as Regulatory Reform Officer. Ms. Gregory is standing up a Regulatory Reform Task Force that will work to identify burdensome, unnecessary, and outdated directives and recommend how they should be remedied. Ms. Gregory and her task force is in the final stages of drafting a charter and a process that will take on the very course of work I just outlined. This will be an internal agency group, but I have discussed with her my preference that the public must have reasonable opportunity to provide input to the process – and by that I mean input on the front end, not just input after we issue the normal publication in the Federal Register of a notice of proposed rulemaking.
This action is in the spirit of and consistent with the President’s recent executive order directing agencies to explore opportunities for regulatory reform, and recent executive orders highlighting the benefits of reducing unnecessary and costly regulations.
So, what rules are we looking at?
NCBFFA submitted a petition to amend Commission rules addressing NVOCC Negotiated Rate Agreements and NVOCC Service Arrangements on April 18, 2015. The Commission approved moving forward with consideration of the petition on August 2, 2016. As the petition is under active agency consideration, I am prohibited from discussing the matter. But please be assured that your petition is front and center, we are in the standard cross office and bureau process of evaluating the various requests in the petition and considering possible action by the Commission.
Where else in our regulatory section of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations might we look ? The answer is – all of it.
An example could be rate tariff filing by all regulated entities. When one asks the question – where and how does the "filed rate doctrine" fit with twenty- first century container shipping practices - the answers get weaker and weaker, down to faint whispers. I understand and appreciate the utility of rules tariffs, but rate tariff – not so clear. And there will be other equal examples as the regulatory reform task team works through their assignment.
I am committed to continuing to identify rules that are outdated, or impede the efficient operation of business, and eliminating them whenever possible. And further, I am committed to facilitating a process that petitions for relief filed with the Commission get more expeditious consideration.
I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here with you today and share some thoughts. If we have time, I would be happy to entertain questions and hear from you all.
Michael A. Khouri is the Acting Chairman of the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission. The thoughts and comments expressed here are his own and do not necessarily represent the position of the Commission.
This site is an official U.S. Government WebsiteSuccessCDs - Frequently Asked Questions
Frequently Asked Questions about Question Bank CDs
1. What Does the Question Bank CD Contain ?
A - Success CDs contain Multiple Choice Question Bank E-Book for practice. The questions will apear randomly on the screen which the user can answer one at a time. The Questions are designed as such that it will tell you if the answer you attempted is correct or not. It will also give you the correct answer to the question. However detailed explations are not given. the Free Ebook Exam Tips and Study Guide (general tips for preparing for entrance exams) is included in the CD.
2. Are the CDs common for all Entrance Exams
A - Yes, say for MBBS Entrance Exam Preparation CD, the Question Bank is Common for all MBBS Entrance Exams AIPMT, AIIMS, State Common Entrance Tests. And the Engineering Question Bank CD would Cover practice questions for AIEEE, IIT, CET, CEE and other Entrance Exams Conducted by different states. However the previous years Solved Question Papers (publisher - Oswal Books) sold along with the CDs are specific to the Specific exam. For Example AIEEE Success Pack woll have One Common CD for all Exams (plus Free Ebook in the CD) and Previous years AIEEE Question papers of Oswal Books
3. What is the Size of data on the CD ?
A - The size of data would vary. Normally it can be between 50 to 100 MB. Normally the Question Bank of Each Exam CD (Engg., Medical, Law , MBA , MCA etc ) is ranging from 9,000 to 15,000
4. Are SuccessCDs the publishers of CDs and Books ?
SuccessCDs.net publishes only Question Bank Ebook CDs. The previous years solved Question Papers Books are sourced from Oswal Books, Agra.
5. How is the Question Bank in CDs prepared ?
A- The Questions in the CDs are prepared by a Team of Professionals (Experts in respective Subjects). These CDs also include previous years questions, Sample Questions and Model Questions, which helps the Student to practice the specific subject in totality.
6. If I buy Question Bank Ebook CDs and Solved Question Paper Books, Should I still join a Coaching Institute ?
A - It all depends on your individual choice. We neither reccomend or are against Coaching Institutes. These CDs are basically Mock Test MCQ CDs for practice and in no way an attempt to teach any specific subject. The Ebook Practice CD would help to to sharpen your skills but is no alternative to class room teaching.
The Solved Question Paper Book will help you to understand the Pattern of specific Exam and answers to previous years Question Papers
7. Can we Copy the Question Bank CD on different Computers ?
A- No, All SuccessCDs are for One PC only (Single User Licence). On Installation the Question Bank Ebook CD generated a User Id which has to be sent to us for getting the Security Key. The Security Key will be issued and mailed to you within 24 to 48 hours (Working Days).
8. If we are not satisfied, can we return the CD and get a refund.
A- We are sure that you will like the CDs. Incase you dont like the contents of the CD, unstall the software from your PC and send us the CD back within 7 days from the date of receipt of The CD and we will refund you the Cost of the CD after deducting the postage/courier charges. Refund requests beyond 7 days will not be entertained.
9. Are these CDs really good ?
Yes, these Question Bank Mock Test Ebook CDs are really helpful to those who practice the Question Bank regularly for brushing up their Knowledge. They are not helpful for those who just buy the CD and use it occasionally.
10. Class X, XI and XII CDs
Subject CDs for Class 10, 11 and 12 are published by Tirumala Software Delhi
For any suggestions or feedback Contact us
11. Disclaimer
SuccessCDs .net has exercised due care and caution in collecting the data before publishing the CDs. Inspite of this if any omission, inaccuracy or printing error occurs with regards to the data contained in CD, SuccessCDs.net will not be held responsible or liable
SuccessCDs.net will be grateful if you could point out any such error or your suggestion which will be of great help for other readers
Frequently Asked Questions22 the Quarter and in and around the city, as well as some amazing independent up-cyclers and makers, will take over the inside and outside of the market.
There will also be street food vendors offering tasty cuisine and local buskers providing entertainment throughout the day.
The pop-up is open from 8.00am until 5.30pm and entry is free. Discounted parking for Moor Market customers is available at the Eyre Street car park at £1.50 for 2 hours.
The idea was the brain-child of the markets team to create a year round events calendar to compliment the shopping offer.
Richard Eyre, Head of City Centre Management & Major Events for Sheffield City Council said: “We’re really excited to be working with Sheffield Antiques Quarter to bring these monthly pop-up events to the Moor Market.
“Vintage is very fashionable right now and there’s a huge appetite for it in Sheffield. We’re hoping these events will be popular with our regular customers and will also bring new customers into the market to experience all it has to offer”.
Hendrika Stephens, Chair of Sheffield Antiques Quarter, said: “The Antiques Quarter is thrilled to be partnering with the Moor Market. It’s such a great opportunity to promote the quarter in the city centre and will give traders from the quarter the chance to sell in a prime city centre location.
“The pop-ups are an excellent concept for the market, adding to what is becoming a vibrant, independent and local shopping hub in the city centre.
The vintage pop-up market is set to become a regular monthly event, with the dates for the rest of 2016 already booked in.
For more information and to book stalls go to sheffieldantiquesquarter.co.uk/vintage-market.
Vintage Pop-Up dates for 2016: Sept 24, Oct 22, Nov 19 & Dec 17“Survey after survey consistently says that millennials want to change the world and make it a better place,” says Mayo Clinic recruiting director Brent Bultema.
Cass. “Here we talk about doing business with purpose (and making) a positive difference in the world. Millennials are kind of expecting it and demanding it. Here, it’s the culture. You can do anything.”
Employers increasingly are focused on attracting and keeping employees in Garber’s age group, the millennial generation born in the last two decades of the 20th century. Few have been as effective as 3M, which recently came out on top in a national survey that asked 13,000 millennials where they would most like to work.
Things that appeal to these workers about the company, headquartered near Minneapolis,, Minn.
 part of working at 3M (is that) no matter what you are working on, you can spend 15 percent of your time on something of your choosing that has a societal impact,” she said. She works with scientists from around the $30 billion behemoth who constantly have energy, water and timber saving ideas they want to implement. , about 75 miles southeast of Minneapolis, earlier this summer celebrated her second work anniversary.”Guidebook to the hydrology and geology of the Arkansan River valley and adjacent areas, Arkansas
Open-File Report 66-4
- By:
- M.S. Bedinger , C.G. Stone , D.R. Albin , M.S. Hines , and J.H. Hubble
Links
- The Publications Warehouse does not have links to digital versions of this publication at this time
- Download citation as: RIS | Dublin Core
Abstract
Additional publication details
- Publication type:
- Publication Subtype:
- USGS Numbered Series
- Title:
- Guidebook to the hydrology and geology of the Arkansan River valley and adjacent areas, Arkansas
- Series title:
- Open-File Report
- Series number:
- 66-4
- Edition:
- -
- Year Published:
- 1966
- Language:
- Description:
- 95 p.We are no “Superhuman”.
We cannot do everything we wanted and have anything we wish to have.
We cannot move mountains, neither we can travel in the speed of light.
The only thing that we can do best is to be human– an imperfect, invincible human.
Without God, family, friends and loved ones, we will just be as incomplete.
We are not super, we are only human so never pretend to be one.
hourglass
AdvertisementsIf."
"The open rates on that e-mail are off the charts," Mr. Davenport
said: more than 70 percent, in an industry where 30 percent is high.
But the point isn't just to get you to open the message, it's really
to push you to the show's Web site, where you might be tempted to join
the Altarholics fan group ("Win big prizes and help spread the word"),
take a trivia quiz, find out what your favorite cast member's favorite
lunch meat is, sign up for a newsletter, click over to the show's
official MySpace page or add to a list of "audience confessions" like,
"I hate flan," or, more inspirationally, "I ditched 'Lestat' for
'Altar Boyz' ... again!"
In the old days -- about five years ago -- producers didn't know much
about their audiences, who they were and how to reel them in (or
back). They largely relied on direct mail and print advertising,
communications that were one-way, not to mention expensive,
scattershot and impersonal. The old-technology equivalents of Mr.
Davenport's Monday morning e-mail blasts were the "bounceback"
discount coupons blown into Playbills and usually left to confetti
Times Square. The "Altar Boyz" messages are much "stickier": people
apparently pay attention to them because they come across as personal
and interactive. "When you see a show you love, the moment after you
see it is the moment you're most excited about it," Mr. Davenport
said. "My job is to capture that feeling, as close to the event as
possible, and turn it into word of mouth."
Word of mouth has always been the ideal. But the Internet has provided
a new and, some say, vastly improved set of tools to generate it: not
just e-mail blasts but also Web sites, banner ads, search-engine
pop-ups and blog coverage. In the last few years these tools have
reshaped the way the theater reaches its audience.
The most obvious change is in ticketing, which the Internet makes
simpler for customers and cheaper for producers. During the 2004-5
season the portion of Broadway tickets sold online more than
quadrupled to 29 percent from 7 percent; this past season it continued
to creep up, to about 33 percent. (For non-group ticket sales, the
figure is more than 60 percent.) The remaining tickets were purchased
via phone, group-sales brokers, the TKTS booths and the old-fashioned
box office, which now accounts for only one-quarter of purchases,
making lines around the block mostly a thing of the past.
But that's just technical, a change in how people buy what they were
going to buy anyway. A much bigger change involves tapping audience
members' social networks to bring in entirely new theatergoers. This
summer "The Color Purple" is rolling out a Web campaign called
"Organize Your Group" to help families, schools, gospel choirs and
churches arrange theatergoing "reunions"; an earlier form of this
program has already referred more than 100,000 people to the show. In
May "Avenue Q" filled some slow midweek houses by offering discounts
to people who had visited its Web site. A single blast to 20,000Review Vacancy
Date Posted: 12/26/17
Applications Due: 01/26/18
Vacancy ID: 46301
Position Information
AgencyThruway Authority
TitleProfessional Engineer 3 (Civil/Transportation)
Occupational CategoryI.T. Engineering, Sciences
Salary Grade29
Bargaining UnitM/C - Management / Confidential (Unrepresented)
Salary RangeFrom $97544 to $120297 Annually
Employment Type Full-Time
Appointment Type Contingent Permanent
Jurisdictional Class Competitive Class
Travel Percentage 0%
Schedule
Workweek Mon-Fri
Hours Per Week 37.5
Workday
From 7:30 AM
To 3:30 PM
Flextime allowed? No
Mandatory overtime? No
Compressed workweek allowed? No
Telecommuting allowed? No
Location
County Rockland
Street Address 4 Executive Boulevard
City Suffern
StateNY
Zip Code10901
Job Specifics.
Contact Information
Name Judith R. Williams
Telephone 845-918-2563
Address
Street 4 Executive Boulevard
City Suffern
State NY
Zip Code 10901
Notes on ApplyingIf you would like to be considered for this position, please send a resume to Judith Williams expressing yourThe Diehard Portable Power 1150 can be purchased at KMart.com, Amazon.com and Crafstman.com, as of July 2015. Craftsman and KMart offer free store pickup. Prices vary by vendor.Continue Reading
Finding the charger on all three websites requires typing "Diehard Portable Power 1150" in the search bars and clicking Find. Customers will then click Add to Cart and follow the checkout procedures for each website. Prices are $116.99 at KMart.com, $198.99 at Amazon.com and $143.99 at Crafstman.com, as of July 2015.
Craftsman.com offers free pickup at the nearest Sears store and KMart.com offers free pickup at the nearest KMart store. Amazon.com offers free shipping.Learn more about Car Parts & MaintenanceHey, All!
I am joining in on a new challenge. It is called "Create Every Day Month" It is hosted by Leah Piken Kolidas over at creativeeveryday.com. It is something I think will help boost the creative juices. I love how she begins: "the rules, which are made for breaking...." makes me breathe easier right away! Her definitions of being creative are fun as well: "I mean art in the sense of anything creative, whether that be painting, drawing, knitting, sewing, cooking, decorating, writing, photography, clay, jewelry-making or whatever!"I have found if I just begin something with a creative outlook, it leads to more creativity. For instance, we did some clean up around the house yesterday and I got my chandelier cleaned that is over the dining room table. Because I have create every day on the brain, I looked at the crystals hanging and took some pictures. I love, love glass that is sparkly and shiny!
THAT led to actually cleaning off my dining room table. (No small feat.) And making it pretty for fall.
This morning I was able to take the time to make steel-cut oats. (Brenna is still home from oral surgery.) I found a recipe to add an egg to the oatmeal from Alicia over at Bread and Honey. I love oatmeal and this makes it even better. ( along with brown sugar and a little bit of yogurt!) I think time for oatmeal is decadent in a way.
I do have dominoes all over my art room right now, as I am getting ready to do a boutique in November and December, but haven't taken any pictures yet. (It's easier to photograph oatmeal??) That might be my biggest creation for a while every day!!
I feel as if I am all caught up, now! Take a look at Art Every Day Month by clicking on the button on the sidebar and see what you think.
What will you find creative in your day?
~Lynn
Art Every Day Month is such a great idea! I really enjoyed your pictures. And Lynn, I think that cleaning has fueled 90% of my creativity this year. Looking forward to more posts!
Shannon
I like your photos. Especially the white pumpkin photo.
Great pictures!! I agree, sometimes a creative approach to things is all it takes to get those creative juices running wild. :-)
Yeah, I agree. Sometimes I think it is just looking at the smallest details in a new way, that fuels creativity. It's not always the grandiose works of art! Even a pretty bowl of good-for-you oatmeal!
:D
-c
yapping catHow To Build An Interactive Choropleth Map With Barely Any Code
Us Election Map Generator Thempfaorg
Us State Map Generator Thempfaorg
Colorcoded Us Map Generator Thempfaorg
Free Customcolored Maps Of The Us States Canada Mexico
Create Custom Map Mapchart
Description: Custom World Map Chart Of Aircrafts
Us State Map Generator 1 Thempfaorg
Description: Map Generator Excel Template Someka Us State Generator Us
Civil War Map «
Description: Major American Wars
How To Make A Dynamic Geographic Heat Map In Excel
Description: Geographic Heat Map Exle Usa
Us Election Map Generator Thempfaorg
Description: Map Us Election Generator Facebook Custom Primary
Bined Heat And Power Technology Fills An Important Energy Niche
Description: Note Click To Enlarge
Us Election Map Generator Thempfaorg
Description: Us Election Map Generator 1908
Us State Map Generator 1 Thempfaorg
Description: Us State Map Generator Usa Map States 21 Detailed With Usa Map States
Us State Map Generator 1 Thempfaorg
Description: Us State Map Generator 1
New Database Provides Monthly Inventory And Status Of Us
Description: New Database Provides Monthly Inventory And Status Of Us Electric Generating Plants
Us Election Map Generator Thempfaorg
Description: Us Election Map Generator 2012 Election Map
Us State Map Generator Outline United States Meme 17 Free For
Description: Us State Map Generator Outline United States Map Meme 17 Free For With United States Map Meme
Colorcoded Us Map Generator Thempfaorg
Description: Colorcoded Us Map Generator
Color Coded Us Map Generator Graph3 Thempfaorg
Description: Color Coded Us Map Generator 126ab430ed4390e00aa479cccd5bdbae Watercolor Map Watercolor
Us Travel Map Generator Dd World Maker Of The United States
Description: Map Generator Us Travel Generator Usa Road
We hope whatever we share with you can be useful. If you wish, you can distribute this article for your friend, loved ones, network, or you can also book mark this page.
Us map generator is among the photos we located on the web from reliable resources. We tend to discuss this Us Map Generator pic in this post simply because according to facts coming from Google engine, It is one of many top rated queries keyword on google. And that we also think you came here were trying to find this information, are not You? From many options on the internet we are sure this picture might be a right reference for you, and we sincerely we do hope you are pleased with what we present.
Did you know Us Map Generator is one of the most popular topics in this category? Thats why we are presenting this topic right now. We had taken this picture on the net we think would be one of the most representative photos for Us Map Generator..>>.
Click on items in the numbered list for more explanation.
When an invention is submitted to CTL, to evaluate its potential, you and your licensing professional will work together to answer the following questions:
In order to be eligible for patent protection, United States patent law requires that an invention be:.FedEx Express’ new campaign sends Caribbean hot pepper sauce around the world
FedEx Express is showcasing its global delivery service by sending a Caribbean hot pepper sauce to people around the world.
The new multi-market advertising ‘ShowTheWorld’ campaign shares the story of how a small hot pepper sauce maker from Nevis in the Caribbean, Llewellyn Clarke, used FedEx delivery to expand his business globally.
FedEx Express wants the chilli sauce story to show small businesses around the world that the delivery service can be part of their global growth strategies.
.”
FedEx Express Asia Pacific vice president Malcolm Sullivan said the company is working with an increasing number of small businesses in the APAC region to help them establish global growth.
Here’s the main video telling the Caribbean hot pepper sauce story:
And the world’s reaction videos:
Cambodia
Belgium
Austria
FedEx Express is also working on a series of small business case study 30-second TVCs for the APAC market. The first of these is the only one online so far:
« Iggy Azalea and Miranda Kerr posted Australia’s most popular Instagram pics of 2014Media Monday: Stan to stream Showtime and CBS TV shows, iSentia to scrape newspaper content, SBS outsources broadcast playout »I've recently discovered the art of Marcio Takara due to his work on last year's The Flash Annual #1. Doing a quick google image search of his work, I found this impressive piece collecting one hundred heroic characters from comics and video games.
His character portraits are very stylish and "bright", and has a very Young Justice animated style. His contribution to the Flash annual, which is only three pages, is a lot more straightforward: very simple panel construction and layout, which is different from the Francis Manapul style that makes The Flash one of the Top 5 best books of the New 52.
Takara has also drawn issues from the New 52 Blue Beetle series, Mark Waid's Incorruptible and The Incredibles: Family Matters. Dude has got some artistic chops and I wouldn't mind seeing him get more high profile work from DC or Marvel. I certainly would have no problem with him drawing a Birds of Prey issue if the below image is any indication of how he'd depict Dinah.
How'd you get that hi-res version of Dinah from the 100 tiny pictures picture? Is there a really high resolution version of the 100 tiny pictures thing somewhere?
I don't remember. I think I found that version online but I can't remember where and I can't find it with a google images search anywhere but this blog. It's possible I cropped it and resized it, but I can't remember how. I just tried to redo it and it didn't work. If I find out where/how I got it and can do it for other characters, I'll let you know.
Awesome, thanks! I've found some other upscaled pictures from the original but most appear to have been taken down unfortunately.Moody’s: Gov’t sale of UCPB stake ‘credit positive’
The sale of the government’s majority stake in United Coconut Planters Bank (UCPB) will improve the lender’s capitalization and credit quality moving forward, debt watcher Moody’s Corp. said on Thursday.
“A successful privatization of UCPB will help the bank raise new equity capital to meet Basel III capital requirements, a credit positive. And, if a larger bank acquires UCPB, we expect that UCPB’s credit quality would benefit from the support of its new majority shareholder,” Moody’s said in a statement.
Last week, Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III disclosed that the Department of Finance (DOF) will soon start privatizing UCPB, after the Supreme Court (SC) lifted this month the halt order it had issued to implement Executive Order (EO) No. 180 signed by former president Benigno Aquino III.
To recall, the SC put on hold in June 2015 the implementation of EO Nos. 179 and 180, which would have set into motion the privatization and reconveyance to the government of about P74.3 billion in coco levy funds that the high court earlier declared as public funds.
According to Moody’s, “if the privatization and recapitalization are successful, the new equity capital will support UCPB’s growth and maintain its minimum Tier 1 capital ratio above a 10-percent requirement that includes a capital conservation buffer required for all Philippine banks.”
Also, Moody’s noted that “in contrast to the government, UCPB’s eventual new majority shareholder likely will view UCPB as a strategic addition to its domestic operations.”
As such, Moody’s said it expects that “the new shareholder will support UCPB, a credit positive for UCPB’s depositors and creditors.”
“Although no details have been released by either the government or the bank, we expect the terms of the recapitalization plan by first-quarter 2018, shortly after the government and the bank restart the planning work that was done during the last privatization attempt,” Moddy’s said.
“Mr. Dominguez said that the recapitalization program for UCPB should be pursued quickly because the government does not intend to extend the financial assistance for the bank beyond the expiration of the rehabilitation plan at the end of 2018,” it added.
Due to the earlier temporary restraining order issued by the SC, the Privatization and Management Office (PMO) announced in July 2015. /kga
Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000..
Deputy’s fourth album is an amalgamation of sunny, soulful new sounds that fuse hip-hop, funk, and folky pop with the spirited rhythms of soca and calypso. Zach’s self-described “Island-infused, Drum ‘n’ Bass, Gospel-Ninja-Soul” is a product of an upbringing that was heavily influenced by a very musical family matriarch.
“When I was a kid my grandma would play a lot of salsa and soca and make me get up and dance to it, so in a way this is me putting my own spin on all that and bringing those sounds into a whole new era.” The first single is called “Chevrolet” and it plays like a joyful soul / church revival held on a Caribbean beach.
“Zach’s tropically-infused sound is a perfect fit for Guanabanas and always seems to strike the right chord with our live music devotees,” says Talent Buyer Matt Cahur. “I’m excited about watching him perform his new material and am looking forward to what will likely be another memorable evening of live music.” Cahur also heads Roots Music, Inc., a management and promotional company that produces events such as the upcoming “Reggae on the Other River” concert coming to Guanabanas October 9.
Guanabanas, one of Jupiter’s premier live music venues, prides itself on a diverse musical offering as tasty as its award-winning menu. The Noche Latina series, launched just after Hispanic Heritage Month in 2015, features prominent local, regional and national Latin music acts at least once a month. On September 17, Cuban-born singer / composer Danay Suarez will perform for the second time; the series celebrates its first anniversary October 22 with a doubleheader of Miami-based Latin funk by Electric Piquete and the Spam Allstars.
For more details about Zach, navigate to. For more information about the location, please visit or call 561.747.8878.Enhanced Phase-Locked Loop Structures for Power and Energy by Masoud Karimi-Ghartema
By Masoud Karimi-Ghartema
Filling the distance available in the market devoted to PLL buildings for energy systems
Internationally well-known specialist Dr. Masoud Karimi-Ghartemani brings over 20 years of expertise operating with PLL buildings to Enhanced Phase-Locked Loop constructions for energy and effort Applications, the single e-book out there in particular devoted to PLL architectures as they practice to strength engineering. As expertise has grown and unfold to new units, PLL has elevated in importance for energy structures and the units that hook up with the ability grid. This e-book discusses the PLL buildings which are at once acceptable to energy structures utilizing easy language, making it simply digestible for a large viewers of engineers, technicians, and graduate students.
Enhanced phase-locked loop (EPLL) has develop into the main generally applied structure over the last decade, and plenty of books lack rationalization of the structural modifications among PLL and EPLL. This booklet discusses these ameliorations and in addition presents unique directions on utilizing EPLL for either single-phase purposes and three-phase purposes. The book’s significant subject matters include:
- A easy examine PLL and its typical structure
- A complete rationalization of EPLL
- EPLL extensions and modifications
- Digital implementation of EPLL
- Extensions of EPLL to three-phase structures
Dr. Karimi-Ghartemani presents uncomplicated research that is helping readers comprehend all the buildings awarded with out requiring advanced mathematical proofs. His publication is stuffed with illustrated examples and simulations that attach conception to the true global, making Enhanced Phase-Locked Loop buildings for strength and effort Applications a great reference for an individual operating with inverters, rectifiers, and comparable technologies.
Read Online or Download Enhanced Phase-Locked Loop Structures for Power and Energy Applications PDF
Best electric books
Operation and Control in Power Systems
In strength approach engineering, virtually all result of smooth keep an eye on concept will be utilized. Such an software will bring about a less expensive, less demanding and better provider caliber operation and in much less inconvenience with regards to irregular stipulations. For its analytical therapy, keep an eye on procedure layout as a rule calls for the choice of a mathematical version from which the keep watch over approach may be derived.
Power Electronics Applied to Industrial Systems and Transports, Volume 1: Synthetic Methodology to Converters and Components Technology
Strength electronics relies at the switching working mode of semiconductor parts. in this foundation, the ideas of kind (voltage or present) and reversibility of interconnected assets give the chance to use a strategy for the synthesis of varied forms of converters. the following the writer offers the foremost forms of parts on hand, constantly from a user’s viewpoint, directions for all times extension and improve of hydroelectric works to be used by means of proprietors, operators, regulators, and engineers contemplating infrastructure rehabilitation or substitute.
- Wind Turbine Technology
- Modelling and Control of Electric Power Plants. Proceedings of the IFAC Workshop, Como, Italy, 22–23 September 1983
- Crystalline Silicon Solar Cells
- Advanced Electric Drives: Analysis, Control, and Modeling Using MATLAB / Simulink
- The Essence of Power Electronics (Essence of Engineering)
- Ultra-Capacitors in Power Conversion Systems : Analysis, Modeling and Design in Theory and Practice
Extra resources for Enhanced Phase-Locked Loop Structures for Power and Energy Applications
Sample text
The amplitude dynamics is a ﬁrst-order dynamics with the time constant of τ = μ21 . A value of μ1 = 200, for example, corresponds to a time constant of 10 ms. • The phase/frequency dynamics is the same as the conventional PLL. Its modes are obtained from the characteristic equation 2 As compared to the analysis performed for PLL, we here have more justiﬁcation to neglect the double-frequency terms in this analysis for EPLL because they approach 0. 2 Responses of EPLL (and PLL) to input signal frequency jump of 50–60 Hz.
8. Choose Ui = 1, ωi = 120π , h0 = 400, and h1 = 20,000. Assume that a maximum peakto-peak ripple of 1◦ is allowed in the phase angle. a. Find the value of ωc analytically. b. Verify your answer by simulation. c. Based on the simulation, how long is the transient time of the system with this value of ωc ? 10 Pendulum system. 5 Consider the second-order LF of the form H(s) = h0 + hs1 + hs22 . a. Prove that a PLL with this LF can track the ramp variations of frequency with no steady state error. b.
2 = 0) and μ1 = μ3 . 5. 15) where ωn is a constant and e = u − y = u − Uo sinφo . 5 LTI-EPLL structure. LINEAR TIME INVARIANT EPLL μs Y(s) = 2 . 16) Proof : Deﬁne the change of coordinates y = Uo sinφo and y⊥ = −Uo cosφo . Then, the differential equations transform to ˙ o sinφo + Uo φ˙ o cosφo = μe sin2 φo + Uo (ωn + y˙ = U μe cosφo ) cosφo Uo = −ωn y⊥ + μe, ˙ o cosφo − Uo φ˙ o sinφo = μe sinφo cosφo − Uo (ωn + y˙ ⊥ = U μe cosφo ) sinφo Uo = ωn y. 17) applies to this system. The following transfer functions are then held: Y(s) μs , = 2 E(s) s + ωn2 Y(s) μs , = U(s) s2 + μs + ωn2 Y ⊥ (s) μωn .The man whose cremation was to take place had never been a favourite of mine. While I personally could be anything- good or bad, righteous or unjust, but the fact remains that I always had the highest regard for people who have genuinely and truthfully abided by laws. Thus to take a random name, I always admired Devesh Chaturvedi, who had been my District Magistrate in Pithoragarh and Deoria, for the simple fact that Devesh believed in the supremacy of law- for one and all, including himself.
From, whatever I had heard of Shashank Shekhar Singh, Triple S as he was often called, I was always wary of him. His image in my mind was that of a person who was not made for law, but for whom law molded and amended itself. And I can say with surety that I was not the only person who thought in this particular manner. A very large section of the bureaucracy often echoed this feeling, when talking in their private conversations.
But as the saying goes- Nothing succeeds like success and Shashank Shekhar succeeded in Uttar Pradesh bureaucracy like no one had before him and possibly no one will again in a long time to come.
The five year period 2007-2012 definitely added to his image, power and persona. It made him a larger than life figure- at least in the power corridors of UP, with its reverberations being seen naturally all across the State and also in the country.
Thus Shashank Shekhar was a mysterious figure in the eyes and opinions of many who equated him with power and authority.
When his death came all too suddenly and all too quickly after his retirement only a few ago, it shocked most of the people. While not knowing much about others, at least my natural feeling was that of strange remorse and vacuum. Being truthful to myself, I would admit that it was not primarily guided by some genuine emotional outburst for the departed soul, because it had never been so, but was the result of the strange eeriness that death often accompanies.
When coming back from the office yesterday, I saw a large gathering at Bhaisa Kund, the Lucknow funeral ground, my feet automatically stopped in strange fascination of death.
It was here that I once again realized that whether one hated or loved Shashank Shekar, the fact remains that he was a powerful persona, someone who commanded authority and had aura around him- something which had not left him even after death.
In the midst of the people present there one could see many powerful people- bureaucrats, police officers, politicians etc, along with media persons rushing around to get a snap of the man who lived and died like a King. Even the way his body had been wrapped so elegantly and delicately seemed to be a homage to the man who was always believed to have fine tastes in life.
My stay at Bhaisa Kund convinced me once more that this man was different from others and he was born to command.No matter how many teams there are in the league at a given moment, there will always be players who seem to get buried – guys who could score at every level, but get stuck behind other players or get slotted into roles that never really let them develop. If they never get that chance to shine, they get labeled as yet another guy who never panned out. If that chance does appear, though, it can be pretty special.
Marty St. Louis might be the most famous current example of this. A waiver-wire pickup by Tampa years ago, the smallish bit-player from the Flames became one of the best scorers of our era and became the oldest Art Ross winner a year ago at age 37. In this set, Ab McDonald fits that description and Phil Goyette will, as well. A third player who enjoyed a brief period in the sun late in his career when finally given an offensive role was Orland Kurtenbach.
Orland was a big guy with the reputation of being one of the best fighters in the game. He was never near the league penalty-minute leaders, so presumably the rep was enough to ensure he didn’t have to do it all that often. I do know he had some famous battles with Terry Harper.
A Saskatchewan kid, Orland played his junior in the SJHL and turned pro with the Vancouver Canucks of the WHL in 1957-58. In three seasons with them, he put up solid numbers and was generally near a point-per-game player. (One year with the AHL’s Buffalo Bisons didn’t go so well.) It was enough to get him a 10-game call-up from the Rangers in 1960-61, where as a 24-year-old rookie he put up six assists in ten games.
Boston acquired him in the 1961 Intra-League draft, though he’d spend most of the next two seasons in the minors. An 87-point season with the WHL’s San Francisco Seals in 1962-63 punched his ticket back to the NHL, where he’d stay for the balance of his career.
In the NHL, though, Orland always was stuck behind other centres. His role seemed to be fixed as third-line centre and tough guy. Through several seasons in Boston, one in Toronto and a handful with the Rangers, this was always the case. It wasn’t that he played badly – he put up double digits in goals three times and twenty-plus assists four times between 1963-64 and 1967-68 and was always a contributor – it was just a limited role.
A serious back injury limited him to just two games in 1968-69 and required spinal fusion to correct. He’d only play sparingly in 1969-70 and posted the worst offensive totals of his career. Pushing 34 years of age and apparently in decline, he was exposed in the 1970 expansion draft and was chosen by the Vancouver Canucks.
Orland was named the Canucks’ first captain and the return to the site of his WHL success was a tonic for him. The chance to finally play a scoring role and see real power-play time didn’t hurt, either. For the first time in his NHL career, he scored better than a point per game, scoing 20 goals and 53 points in 52 games. He followed this with his second 20-goal effort in 1971-72, scoring 61 points in 78 games. Age and injury caught him after that, and after two shortened seasons, he’d call it a career after 1973-74. He would serve a season and a half as head coach of the Canucks, from mid-1976-77 through 1977-78.
Neat card despite the fact that Kurt looks weird to me in black and gold. The write up threw me. I hadn’t remembered that he started in the NYR chain and came back.
Great write up as usual, fun to read and very informative!
You mentioned the intra league draft. Did they have this every year. Even if there were no new expansion teams.
Also just read D. Sandersons autobiography. He mentions a couple fights he had with Orland
Yes – it was annual. Leafs lost Gerry Cheevers to the Bruins in that draft.
What would I do with a slightly tattered but fully readable hockey card for Orland Kurtenbach?Spatial properties of disparity pooling in human stereo vision.
Parker AJ., Yang Y.
The spatial limits of disparity averaging were investigated using Julesz random dot stereograms with two different depth planes. Such stimuli could be perceived as two separate surfaces, one of which was seen through the transparent veil of the other, but under some conditions the depth of information provided by the two surfaces was pooled and the resulting surface was seen at the average of the local disparities. Two types of model are considered for disparity averaging. In the first, disparity averaging occurs as a consequence of attraction/repulsion effects in the disparity domain or as an interpolation process working on a dense depth map of the image. In the second, disparity averaging is seen as a consequence of monocular spatial filtering of the left and right eye images prior to binocular combination.Snow, (too much, too little), rain, drought, tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, fires, earthquakes, etcetera to the 10th power. It is wearying, even if just a political cartoon, to have virtually every catastrophic event attributed to global warming.
Snow, (too much, too little), rain, drought, tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, fires, earthquakes, etcetera to the 10th power. It is wearying, even if just a political cartoon, to have virtually every catastrophic event attributed to global warming.
Concern about the impact of human activity on our planet and its atmosphere is justifiable, but the science is inexact at best. Such claims need to be verifiable to be honest and legitimate. Constant unsupportable assertions don't advance the cause. — Bob Calhoun, Eagle Point
When I was a kid, summers were heaven because I could spend hours at our community pool. I learned to race and do water ballet and to dive there. I've only lived here for 24 years, and not in Medford, but as an "outsider" with no dog in the race, here's my view of the Hawthorne Park and pool conundrum.
I heard early on that placing the freeway off-ramps north and south of Medford had a great deal to do with the then-decline of the downtown area. It physically also divides east Medford from west. But Medford is still one town with businesses on both sides of the freeway.
When I first moved to the valley, downtown looked drab and like it was just hangin' on. I'm in downtown Medford quite often and have witnessed MURA as a major force in changing it into an area with charm and a future. Now MURA is calling for ways to spend several million dollars and it seems clear as day that a chunk of that money could build a new community pool and do some major landscaping to clean up Hawthorne Park. The kids, young and old, will love it. — Gail Beason, Talent
Carson Allen suggests a teen who doesn't want to tell her parents she's pregnant should abort. Notice the "solution": kill the baby. When circumstances are difficult, kill.
Mr. Allen attempts to justify his position with "It's your body ... your choice!" Does this common mantra make moral sense?
Consider a baby who can't drink formula. Can her mother refuse to breast feed her, thus letting the infant starve to death because "it's her body, her choice?" Can you refuse to care for your toddler, when she needs grave assistance at 3 a.m. because it's "your body, your choice?"
Melissa Rowland was pregnant with twins whose lives could've been saved with a Cesarean section. She refused because she didn't want any scars. By the time she relented, her baby girl survived but her baby boy was a corpse. Was it "her body, her choice?"
What if a woman alleviates morning sickness with Thalidomide, knowing the drug will cause deformities in the baby? Is it "her body, her choice?" Parents must use their bodies to care for their children.
"Your body, your choice" is false and barbaric. It's simply a disgusting excuse to kill your beautiful preborn child, who deserves your love and care. — Buena Hymer, Tiller
"It's a creek? I thought it was a ditch!" ... "It already runs underground through culverts after it goes past my place anyway." ... This won't stop people from using our creeks as dumping grounds." ... Right folks, that's the problem.
"I can't do what I want with my property and that is frustrating and not fair!" Hmm ... I don't have a flippant reply to folks about having some of their land uses curtailed — and mine, too. What's there to say?
Friends and neighbors, we've raised our daughter (and now our grandson!) along the urban creeks and streams in this valley right along with you. And like you, we've seen shopping carts, beheaded deer carcasses, culverts, trash, dark plumes and sheds about to slide in.
But along Crooked Creek, right at our home, and other hidden places amidst the developments, we have also seen deer, raccoons, muskrat, herons, ducks, finches, hummingbirds and mint for our mojitos. Someday, we hope to see our grandkids safely playing with yours in our creeks again.
The riparian ordinance is not perfect. But the pendulum has to swing the other way, and it's our turn to step up to the plate. — Robert and Simone Coffan, Medford227 E 12th St #4 $435,000.00 on 2014-12-16. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2014121700251001
Document Type: BOTH RPTT AND RETT
CRFN: 2014000426765Document Date: 2014-12-16
Recorded Date: 2014-12-29
Modified Date: 2014-12-29Document Amount: $435,000.00
Percent Transferred: 100%Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
RemarksPower of Attorney
- Initial Coop UCC1 dated 2014-12-17, Secured Party: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2014121601095001
Document Type: INITIAL COOP UCC1
CRFN: 2014000414339Document Date:
Recorded Date: 2014-12-17
Modified Date: 2014-12-17Document Amount: $0.00Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
Listing History
- Login required to view listing history. Create a free account.
HPD Registration
This building was last registered at the Department of Housing Preservation and Development on Sept. 15, 2017 and the registration expires Sept. 1, 2018.
-Unfamiliar with this week's tune? Hear it here.
1) Why do you suppose there are so many songs about Santa Claus, yet very few about the Easter Bunny?
A. Because the Easter bunny doesn't go HO HO HO. He goes HOP HOP HOP.
2) This song was written by The Kiboomers, two early education teachers who are passionate about the power of music to help kids learn. Tell us about a teacher who had an impact on your life.
A. Practically every teacher I ever had made some impression. My first grade teacher made a negative impact on me, though. Her name was Mrs. Zircle, and she was mean. (I didn't know it at the time, but her husband passed away right before the beginning of the school year. So I have forgiven her.) She always sided with the boys, regardless of what was going on. For example, I never got to ride the little riding toys because the boys always pounced on them first and then wouldn't share. If you complained, she made you stand in the corner. When I made a bad grade in something (I think it was usually math), she made me cry. Actually I think she made most of the class cry because she would stand over your desk and tell everybody what a rotten student you were. I suspect it is, in part, why I am such a perfectionist and so eager to please. I hated being yelled at. She would also make you hold out your hand and she'd smack it with a ruler.
3) Legend has it that the Easter Bunny was introduced to America in the 1700s by German immigrants. These children waited for a magic creature who left colored eggs. Today's kids dye Easter eggs themselves. When did you most recently color eggs?
A. About 40 years ago.
4) The Easter Bunny is usually shown carrying a wicker basket filled with eggs, toys and candy. Is there any wicker in the room you're in right now?
A. No.
5) While marshmallow Peeps are manufactured all year around, they are most popular at Easter. Do you prefer the chicks or the bunnies?
A. I don't like Peeps at all.
6) A little time in the microwave can do ugly things to a Peep. Have you ever nuked a Peep?
A. No.
7) Would you prefer a hollow or a solid chocolate bunny?
A. Hollow would be fewer calories, I suppose. Unless of course it was a very big bunny.
8) A traditional American Easter dinner usually includes glazed ham or roast lamb. Which would you rather have as your main course?
A. I have never eaten lamb, so I will go with ham..
I encourage you to visit other participants in Saturday 9 posts and leave a comment. Because there are no rules, it is your choice. Saturday 9 players hate rules. We love memes, however.
I had a bad first grade teacher, too. Mrs. Krach. I had a hard time learning cursive and the pressure was so great my bowels turned to water. I do have very nice handwriting, though, so I guess there's a happy ending of sorts. Wouldn't you know? Cursive is dying a art. But I'm good at it!
I hope the decision on cursive is a dying one (my 9 year old granddaughter is learning cursive). Think how many historical documents children who don't learn cursive will be unable to read, starting with the Constitution (come to think of it--does Trump know cursive?)
My kindergarten teacher was a total hag. She really picked on me. Humiliated me for being slow to learn tying my shoes (I've never gotten over that, and to this day avoid wearing shoes with laces).
What a terrible teacher! I only had one teacher who used the ruler on our hands, but i think that was probably 5th grade. As a rule, my grammar school teachers were all pretty good, and I loved my high school teachers. Surprised you have never had lamb. That is my favorite, and I will be cooking a roast for dinner tomorrow. As for the chocolate bunnies, of course i prefer the solid ones...even big ones. But only milk chocolate.
We were supposed to have lamb for Easter at my brother's and sister-in-law's condo in Maine but now my cousins are coming and we are having ham.Caterpillar Yellow Steel Square Watch
Mens Cat Yellow Steel Square watch from Caterpillar. This watch incorporates all that Caterpillar stands for: It is stylish, modern and built to last.
Accurist Gents Chronograph All Terrain Strap Watch
- Quartz analogue.
- Black dial.
- Compass.
- Date.
- Luminous hands.
- Black canvas strap.
- Water resistant to 100 metres.
- 3 year manufacturer's guarantee.
Rotary Gents Sportive Style Watch
- Quartz.
- Champagne dial.
- Date.
- Luminous hands.
- Two tone bracelet.
- Dolphin standard.
Citizen Gents Eco-Drive Military Chronograph Watch
- Black dial.
- 1 second chronograph measures up to 60 minutes.
- Stainless steel case.
- Luminous hands.
- Date....
Kenneth Cole Watch KC1405
Quirky design sums up this Kenneth Cole watch. The round black dial is set into a rectangular case and is on a black textured Polyurethane ...
Aqua Lung - Pro 500
The Aqua Lung Pro 500 Gent Diver's Watch has a black dial with luminous markings and hands, the minute hand fluo-red Extra long PU strap ...
Aqua Lung - Pro Slim 500 Watch
The Aqua Lung Pro Slim 500 Gents Diver's Watch has a grey dial with luminous markings and hands, the minute hand fluo-red Extra long PU ...
Casio G-Shock Men's Watch, Black
If you're active, or like to pretend you are, then this G-Shock watch from Casio is perfect. Designed with a shock resistant, black resin case ...
Pulsar Gents Dual Time Watch
- Quartz.
- Black dial.
- Day/Date/Month.
- Dual display.
- 77 city world timer.
- Alarm.
- Stopwatch.
- Countdown timer.
- Luminous hands.
- Backlight.
- Water resistant to 100 metres.
Kenneth Cole Watch KC1394
Simly stunning. This is a unique watch from Kenneth Cole comprising a black textured dial on a contrasting smooth black PU rubber strap. The "strong" ...
Fossil Men's Watch, JR8096
This men's stainless steel watch is from the Scrolling Tic collection and displays digital numbers and analogue movement under a laser crystal. With a ‘night ...
Caterpillar Brown Dp 60 Watch
Featuring a thick brown leather strap with a removable cuff, this mens Cat DP60 watch is designed with a rugged look. The white dial sits ...
Caterpillar Dp 60 Watch
This Cat watch is distinguished by its black leather strap with removable cuff and the clear, concise black dial. The hand and markers are polished ...
Adidas Sports Watch
- Quartz.
- Textured black dial.
- Round PU case, rotating bezel with stainless steel case back.
- Date.
- Luminous hands.
- Black ventilated strap.
- Water resistant to 100 metres.
Casio Mens Watch
G-shock range features shock resistant, world time, e-data memory, 1/100 sec stopwatch, countdown timer, 5 daily alarms, auto-calendar, 12/24 hour format and electro-luminescent backlight afterglow. ...
Pulsar Gents Kinetic Watch
- Blue dial.
- Day/Date.
- Luminous hands.
- Stainless steel bracelet.
- Water resistant to 100 metres.
Pulsar Mens Sport Watch
A contemporary watch with a sporty slant, this offering from Pulsar features a stainless steel case and bracelet, a black bezel with 60 minute markings ...
Timex Ironman Gents Chronograph Watch
- Quartz analogue.
- Black dial.
- Chronograph measures 1/20th second, seconds and minutes.
- Date.
- Luminous hands.
- Indiglo® night-light.
- Scratch resistant glass.
- Black resin strap.
- Water resistant to ...
Puma Stainless Steel Move Watch
This Puma 'Move' watch features a highly polished Stainless Steel Case and bracelet. The simple metallic white dial has steel markers and numerals with the ...
I’ll be the first to admit the allure of any “latest and greatest” in technology or photography gear. Oft times we are led to believe, or even hope, that a piece of equipment is going to completely change the quality of our work. Let me toss out a few ideas that may be helpful before you take out loans, sell your children, or go on any extreme diets to have the money to pay for the miracle tool of the day.
“Beware of GAS” -Zach Arias
Gear Acquisition Syndrome: There is a danger in believing that the quality of our work rests solely on a piece of equipment. There is an even greater danger to have the mentality to do anything it takes to get it.
I’ve heard Zach Arias, coiner of the GAS acronym, speak often about finding himself in this very place in life. He admits the failure of his first marriage and the stress on his family to this very problem. Buying gear, getting into deeper and deeper debt to have all the latest tools, overworking himself to try and start paying for everything, and suddenly finding himself one day loosing what was really most important. Don’t let this happen to you.
You will be tired of hearing me say this, but a large portion of good photography comes from understanding your camera and elements of art and composition. If you photograph people, there is also the element of your social skills and interaction that play a part in quality images as well!
Learning From the Past
The photography greats of the past never had the equipment we have today. I often think of Ansel Adams and the effort he took for every famous landscape shot he’s known for. He would hike to these remote destinations in beautiful parts of the world and set up his camera and wait. He understood his camera’s functions. He understood light. He understood composition. When all those elements combined into the perfect moment, he’d take his one shot and go home.
Even though we are basking in the posh world of digital with the advantages of endless pictures on CF cards, instant results on the LCD screen, tricks in photoshop… there is something to be said of the simplistic ways of the past.
Something inside tells me that Ansel Adams could make a great image on an elementary camera…
That being said, there is indeed a role that gear plays as well in the quality of your images. Here is what I believe to be the essential items for success in today’s digital world. You really can have incredible images with only the following:
The Essentials
· The Camera
· A High Quality Lens
· Calibrated computer and editing software
· Backup plan
The Camera:
I began with a Nikon D70. My next upgrade was a D200 and I’m currently shooting with a D700. Every upgrade I noticed an increase in my image quality, but I must admit that each upgrade came at pivotal learning moments for me. Part of the reason that my images improved was because I was improving.
I don’t believe that everyone needs the highest quality camera. In fact, I feel it was a fantastic learning opportunity for me to start on cameras that had limitations so I learned how to maximize results and be creative with solutions to make the most of the image. When do you know you’re ready for an upgrade? When you feel you have outgrown a camera’s abilities because of your mastery, not in spite of it.
Lenses:
The biggest factor in your image quality will be the quality of lens you have. Before you go out and upgrade to a million dollar camera body, I recommend upgrading your lenses FIRST.
I took this same advice when I bought my first SLR and purchased a HIGH quality lens (80-200mm 2.8) which was actually more expensive than my camera at the time. The camera came with the regular wide angle kit lens.
The difference in my images was so drastic (even though the camera was the same), that I shot exclusively on that telephoto lens. Now… for anyone who has shot with that lens before, you know how large it is, and how it is not appropriate for every photographic moment because it is a telephoto. I would have to be what felt like a mile away sometimes in order to shoot a family and be able to get wide enough to include everyone in the shot.
This is why I recommend having high quality lenses that cover all your necessary focal length as you can afford them. Short lens (wide angle), medium and long (telephoto) .
If I could choose only one lens to shoot with exclusively (personally and professionally) it would be the 50mm 1.4 lens. (You can also get it as a 50mm 1.8 for about half the price, but you do sacrifice some quality.) I attribute my color, sharpness, and to some extent, my creativity, to this lens.
Calibrated Computer and Editing Software:
Not all computers are created equal when it comes to viewing images. If you are going to be editing all your images yourself, you need to be able to be assured that the color quality will match your print quality. Many photographers go to great lengths in having their computers calibrated to the print lab they use. I should probably not admit that I have never done this, but its only been because my trusty apple imac computer’s image quality on screen has always matched my prints exactly. Hooray for the imac! However, look at the same images on my old laptop and it’s a totally different story. If I edit on my laptop screen and make adjustments to make the image look good on that display, I’m going to end up over-editing and having a completely different experience when I print (and when I post those images online they’ll look pretty nasty too since others will be viewing them from different computers.)
Editing pictures can make a huge impact on your time. Editing software can either contribute to the time, or help it be more efficient. If you are editing every image in photoshop, stop now! There are better ways! Lightroom helps me to edit quickly and powerfully. If I could only choose one editing program it would be Lightroom. Yes, even over Photoshop.
Back-up Plan
It only takes an experience or two of disaster to provide enough motivation to get some things in order. Having a computer crash and loosing all your family photos into the virtual graveyard of no return, loosing memory cards with valued images on them, re-formatting cards on accident before downloading images, or even having cards become corrupted…ALL qualify as a disaster.
Never just rely on your computers hard-drive alone. Get an external hard drive or backup online. I use Smugmug.com for my online back-up, which also serves as the host of my galleries and images for clients, as well as the host of all my personal images. I love smugmug! I can’t say enough good things about their company, their customer service, their ease of use!
All in all, we really don’t need all that we think we do. I have gear that I’ve acquired that I rarely use. I’m all about simplicity and streamlining lately 🙂
What do you consider the essentials?
Delia - This was so informative. I am not planning on upgrading anytime soon but now I know to upgrade my lens first when I decide I want to. Thanks!
Kari - Okay, Brooke, I will be ‘exhausting’ my D40x. 🙂 Thanks again for all of your help!
Abbie - Kari, I shot on the D40 for a long time and some of my favorite images came from that camera. Of course, I had a nice lens on it too. It’s totally doable. Exhaust it and then you will love your new upgrade! 🙂
Brooke, what you said is so true, but still so hard! I seriously want the D700 and a nice 70-200 2.8 Someday…
Vince James - I just sold my first camera the other day, a super-point’n’shoot that served me well. I completely exhausted that camera’s abilities and moving up to a DSLR (Nikon D5000) was a revelatory experience.
In terms of buy a screen for editing, try to stick to IPS or CPA screens as they give full 8-bit color instead of the more common TN screens. Brooke, your laptop probably has a 6-bit TN screen (most laptops do) which makes color correction really difficult as you are not seeing the full 16.7 million colors. I use an old IPS Dell UltraSharp 1708 that I traded off a friend that has served me well.
Lately I’ve been using my iPhone camera quite a bit… it’s a great 3mp camera that lets me focus purely on composition. No ISO, aperture, or color balance, just pure photography.
Magic Monday: Photography Wish-list » Brooke Snow Photoblog - […] if you’ve got quality) but if you want to know more about gear recommendations, check out my gear post, or if you’re looking for a new camera, look at my camera […]JThoseMountains Realty. Glenda carries a Senior Real Estate Specialist designation. Expect thorough, unsurpassed service!
As parents of four children and eleven grandchildren, James and Glenda are very supportive to their family, church and community. You will find them fun, caring and creative to work with as well as strong negotiators on your behalf. Few agents in the area work as a knowledgeable husband/wife team, so be sure to call to set your appointment, soon. After all, you will be getting two for the price of one!
James Nichols: 706-502-0021
Glenda Nichols: 706-669-3929
Featured Properties
Why Choose Us?
We really do love these mountains and we know you will too!
- We can help you if you are searching for a vacation cabin or home.
- We can help you if you are looking for a great investment property.
- We can help you if you are looking for a friendly place to relocate and raise your family.
- We can help you if you are looking for commercial property to for your small-business start-up.
- We can also help you if you are looking to list your property..ABOUT CALLEA DENTAL
Hello!
For almost 30 years, I have been passionate about helping my patients be the best they can be.
My goal is for each patient to leave our office with the confidence and positive self-image that comes from having a healthy mouth and a bright smile. I realize that this is different for each and every person, and I enjoy taking the time to get to know each of my patients on a personal level. We do our best to ensure a comfortable, relaxed environment using state-of-the-art technology and personalized one-on-one care.
We look forward to meeting you!
Kind Regards,
Dr. Charles Callea
Personalized care that you’re going to love!
Single Dentist Practice
Dr. Callea has private dental office, primarily because he feels that patients get the best dental care in a private setting where they can build an ongoing relationship of trust and understanding with the same dentist each visit.
Attention to Your Unique Needs
Once you meet Dr. Callea, you’ll know why he has so many long-time patients. It is in his nature to put others at ease. He is attentive to the particular details of his patient’s lives and strives to get to know the whole person behind the smile. Just as every smile is different, every person has a different set of desires and goals for their appearance. By taking the time to listen to your every question and concern, Dr. Callea develops a personalized dental care program to fit your specific needs. You can feel comfortable bringing any concern to Dr. Callea and be sure he will work with you to find the best solution.
Your Appointment Gets Our Full Attention
We value your time and schedule you for your own time with Dr. Callea. He does not work between multiple patients, so you will have his undivided attention during your visit.
Focus is one Your Comfort
From the moment you step through our glass pane door, you’ll feel a sudden calmness. Our office environment is a direct reflection of Dr. Callea’s personality. Warm. Inviting. Unrushed. We strive to create a pleasant experience for you during your time with us. The focus is always on you. Your comfort is our number one priority. Our treatment rooms are equipped with large, plasma TV’s. You are welcome to watch your favorite show or bring your earbuds and iPod and listen to music while you are reclining. We believe that communication before, during and following any procedure is key. We are in this together with you and will provide as many or little details as you feel comfortable discussing. We move at your pace where you feel the most comfortable. We’re here to treat you when you are ready. Your comfort is our highest concern.
Everyone on our team works together to help you be healthier and more confident.Dear Messrs. Chris Columbus and Ned Vizzini,
Hi!
Just yesterday afternoon, I finished your book, House of Secrets. I first heard of it through a radio show, I believe. And when I saw it on display at a bookstore, I was intrigued. Congratulations on getting praises from J.K. Rowling. She may be one of the reasons why I bought the book—but she isn’t why I kept reading it. I kept at it because the book looked promising.
As I began reading chapter one, a particular question kept popping in my head: how do two authors write one story?
I’ve worked on articles with other people. Sometimes it’s easy. Other times, it’s not. So how did the two of you divide the work? You separated the story arcs or chapters? Whichever method you used, how did you keep the characters’ personalities faithful from the start until the end? Did both of you conceive all the characters or were some contributions from just one of you? That’s possible, right? And—if it is—then when the other guy who did not contribute the particular character wrote about said character, was the rendition as accurate as possible as the first conception? Or did you have to consult each other every single time for the characters’ quips, movements, emotions, and thoughts? As for the consultation, didn’t you find that bothersome or just dismiss as part of the process?
Had you worked on this alone, what would have changed?
Enough of my questions, though. I have no idea if anyone has told you this but—upon meeting the Walker kids and discovering their traits—I couldn’t shake off the idea that I was reading some sort of nod to the Baudelaire kids of Lemony Snicket’s A Series of Unfortunate Events (ASOUE). A trio of orphans (for a while), the eldest is a smart girl, middle child is boy with a great memory, and the youngest is an almost fearless girl, whose adventures started because their house was destroyed and they have to battle terrible forces to get a happy ending.
Plus, House’s paperback version has the same frayed edges that the pages of the hardback version of the ASOUE have.
Well, anyway, I agree with Rowling. House did offer such a fast-paced adventure. And I did have that feeling that it wouldn’t end with just one book. It was one kind of a rollercoaster ride. Although it is likely that I may not read the next one, I wish you both the best with the sequel. Or is it sequels? Whichever.
Sincerely,
Mati Serraño
3 Comments Add yours You have been nominated for several awards! Congratulations! Jill
Thanks you so much!
😀Modern Family Recap: Gloria Goes to Jury Duty, Claire Takes Daughters to WorkBy Derek Wong | Oct 22nd, 2015
Welcome to the Modern Family Recap of Season 7 Episode 5 "The Verdict" (Original Air Date October 22nd 2015). In the episode.
Watch the full episode: The Verdict
Gloria Gets Summoned for Jury Duty
Gloria recently received her American citizenship in "Patriot Games" Season 6, Episode 22. One of the first things shes' been dying to do is serve as a juror on a trial. Check out her excitement after she finds out she's been summoned.
Gloria Gets Excused from Jury Selection
Gloria (Sofia Vergara) can't wait to be on her first jury. During the jury selection process, Gloria answers her first question objectively but then comments on the mannerisms of the defendant. She doesn't stop there. She makes a person sitting in the courtroom flee after she accuses him of wrong doing.
Claire Takes Alex and Haley to Work
Claire has her first opportunity to take Alex and Haley to "Take Your Daughter to Work Day." The special day occurs on the same day Jay has to cover for Gloria at Joe's Preschool that requires parent volunteers. Left with the entire busienss at her disposal, Claire is determined to impress her daughters at work. One of the employees, Herm, is set to retire. Every question employees used to go to Jay for are now being answered by Claire. Herm's retirement party turns for the worse when Claire takes over the planning. Claire is determined to give the best speech for Herm. See what happens at the party.
Gloria Freezes Up|Gloria runs out of words after she is star struck.|Gloria (Sofia Vergara) gets Manny (Rico Rodriguez) to admit that he failed to talk to the coffee girl. Gloria gets tongue-tied when she tries to talk to her favorite actress. From Season 7, Episode 4, "She Crazy" of Modern Family ABC WEDNESDAYS 9|8c.
Gloria’s Invitation Verdict
Although Gloria wasn't able to serve in her first jury, she is given the opportunity to rule on an whether or not Mitchell should be allowed to invite Raymond to their party. Gloria questions Mitchell and Cameron to find out more information about Raymond. She accuses Mitchell of wanting to be with Raymond. While her accusation is untrue, Mitchell reveals that he thinks Cam is the Raymond in their relationship. Gloria's final verdict is to invite Raymond to the party.
Jay's Day at Preschool
Jay's first day at Joe's preschool did not go as well as he planned. One of Joe's classmates called Jay "old" to which Jay responded in calling the young boy "big ears." Jay swears to never return to the school until Joe comes over and tells Jay and Gloria that he had a lot of fun with Jay today.
Get Ready for Halloween! Check out the costumes past Halloween costumes from Modern Family.
Past Recaps:
Episode 4 Recap of "She Crazy"
Episode 3 Recap of "The Closet Case"
Episode 2 Recap of "The Day Alex Left for College"
Episode 1 Recap of "Summer Lovin'"
Watch all-new episodes of Modern Family ABC WEDNESDAYS 9|8c.This time I followed Kristina's lead. I used the same ink colors (Hero Arts Soft Pool and Soft Sand), same card base (Stampin Up Very Vanilla), and three stamp sets. The border stamps came from a Recollections set, the sentiments came from Hero Arts and Simon Says Stamp.
Care to guess which is the His version and which is the Her's?
/\ /\
(=';'=)
(")_(")~~Cat
I think these are pretty! I love the clean look and colors. Perhaps are feeling reticent because they are sympathy cards? These are hard ones to make because of the feelings associated with them.Guilty By Association
From next Saturday 5 August, the Seventh Letter Gallery in Los Angeles is hosting the exhibition ‘Guilty by Association’, a collaboration with Ironlak to celebrate their new flagship store.
For this exhibition DOES created a new canvas titled ‘Torquay’ which will be posted on our website soon.
Participating artists:
2Shae, Does, Merrit, Emmanuel Moore, Ewok, Gary, Jurne, Kab101, Kaput, Kem5, Mast, Mayo, Omens, Ozer, Phibs, Sebastian Walker, Sofles, Trav, Vans the Omega, Victor Koast, Vizie, Yano & Zoueh.
Opening: Saturday 5 August, 7 – 10 pm
Location: Seventh Letter, 346 N Fairfax Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90036, USA
31st of July, 2017The Oregon Trail Community Foundation of Scottsbluff has made a $5,000 gift to support the Simulation in Motion-Nebraska (SIM-NE) program that was successfully launched this year by the University of Nebraska Medical Center and various partners.
The gift made to the University of Nebraska Foundation bolsters the university’s Scottsbluff-based program operations and the custom medical simulation vehicle based here that is used in medical training throughout the area. Scottsbluff, Norfolk, Kearney and Lincoln and travel the state to provide emergency medical training at no charge.The TransWorld Dirt Days was a big success this weekend at Milestone MX in Riverside. Two days of free riding, vendors with great deals, Metal Mulisha freestyle demos, the Dirt Days model search, and wrapping up with The TransWorld SLAM. Here is a photo gallery of the action from the weekend until the full wrap-up is complete.Expert Review By: André Spiteri
Despite being a relative newcomer to the VPN market, Buffered VPN is rich in features and boasts excellent speeds and reliability. Its advanced security features at an unbeatable price make it ideal if you’re on a budget but won’t compromise on your online security.
● 5-star customer service
● 30-day money back guarantee
● Discovery mode can bypass password protected WiFi hotspots
● Affordable
● Unlimited server switches
● High security
● No logs
● Servers in 38 countries
● Limited flexibility anc.
Buffered VPN has one simple package you can pay for on a monthly, biannual or yearly basis.
Whichever package you choose, you’ll get the full Buffered VPN treatment. This includes unlimited bandwidth, advanced encryption, no caps, and support for up to 5 simultaneous connections.
A monthly plan costs $12.99, which is cheaper than other VPN providers we reviewed.
However, paying for a whole year upfront gives you even more bang for your buck. A year’s worth of Buffered VPN paid upfront costs $99. That works out to a low $8.25 a month, making Buffered VPN one of the most affordable yet secure VPN solutions money can buy. Even better, they have a 100% satisfaction, 30 day money back guarantee.
Buffered VPN may not be the most flexible VPN solution around. However, its excellent speeds and commitment to high security standards at an extremely affordable price make it hard to beat when it comes to value for money.
Last Updated: March 2016Total Uninstall Pro v6.13.0 Crack is Here !
- Total UninstallIt
How to Crack ?
- Analyze existing installations
-
- Create custom profiles (analyze, scan, compare, uninstall, clean)
- Run in a virtual machine
Direct Download LinksScreenshotDownloads
- Install Total Uninstall Pro Trial
- Do not launch the program. If launched then exit.
- Go to Crack folder and Copy “Tu.exe” & Paste it into installation directory
- That’s all
Sharing is CaringYour granny may not be on Facebook, Twitter, or email, but that shouldn’t stop you from wishing her a Happy Birthday. Write the touching and meaningful birthday wishes for grandmother. Now you can have a look at these touching and meaningful birthday wishes for grandmother below.
-!
- Your wrinkles tell a story of how beautiful your life has been so far and how amazing it is yet to be. Happy birthday grandma.
-.
- No amount of fancy upholstery, exquisite flower vases or expensive furniture can match the beauty you add to our home with your maturity and grace. Happy birthday grandma.
- Your beautiful face, active lifestyle and good health can put young women to shame. Happy birthday grandma.
- You are the only person in the world who has the power to simplify every complication in my life with a simple loving hug. Happy birthday grandma.
- There is a reason why a grandmother’s recipe can never be recreated. Ingredients can be bought from a supermarket but the love that she puts into it is irreplaceable. Happy birthday.
- Grandma… pro at knitting, pro at baking. Pro at gardening, pro at shopping. Pro at pampering, pro at advising. Pro at loving, pro at caring. Happy birthday.
- It took me a long time to accept that I was born in an ordinary family… because my grandma always treated me like a princess and made me feel like royalty. Happy birthday.
- Books and teachers taught me… what my grandma was saying all along. Happy birthday.
- I am the richest person in the world because I have a granny like you – whose cuteness is precious and wisdom is priceless. Happy birthday.
- This card is actually filled to the brim with good thoughts, happy moments, wonderful dreams, and loads of smiles. With lots of love, your grandchild (name)!
- On your birthday I would like to thank you for all of the love and attention that you have given me, dear Grandmother.
- Wishing you a very loving and warm Happy Birthday!
- For other people may be the most comfortable place is TV couch, bathtub or bed. But to me your shoulder is the only place where I can forget all the worries by resting my head. Happy birthday, granny.
- Grandma, I want to make up a team against dad and mom, so that we can win every argument against them. Hope you will not let me down. Happy birthday.
- You have taught me the actual meanings of so many things like nuzzle, cuddle, huddle, nestle and snuggle. Have a gorgeous birthday.
- Wishing a very happy birthday. Happy birthday, grandma.
- We all wish you a good health and bright, sunny days!
- My birthday present to you, Grandma, is to help you blow out all those candles! Congratulations on another fine year!
We hope that these touching and meaningful birthday wishes for grandmother can help you say happy birthday to your grandma in a lovely way and let her know how much you love her. Thank for choosing our page to find birthday wishes for grandmother!The Drunken Poachers
The Drunken Poachers, with their wily ways and wooden instruments, have been sneaking boot-clad and boozed onto Melbourne’s live music stages since 2012. Dishonest and dirty and wearing flannelette better than you do, they leave heavy heads and dented floors in their very catchy wake. Don’t go past The Drunken Poachers if you’re seeking a band who will have your feet tapping to the bar and back. And back again! The Drunken Poachers are no strangers to the festival stage and have played at a few beauties including Happy Wanderer (2014, 2015), Jamgrass (2015) and The Hills Are Alive (2017).
YouTube:
Instagram:
You can find us at:
Geelong
Friday, February 2Casa Grande Chihuahua
115br 5-star hotel
Chihuahua,Chihuahua,Mexico
- Airport Shuttle
- Breakfast
- Gym
- Parking
- Swimming Pool
- Wifi
- Smoking Allowed
388 reviews
Booking.com
Description
This family-friendly Chihuahua hotel is located near the airport, within 2 mi (3 km) of Autonomous University of Chihuahua, Casa Redonda Museum of Contemporary Art, and Expo Chihuahua. Casa Chihuahua Museum and Government Palace
115
Location
Basic Address Info
Phone Number
526144394444
More accommodations near Chihuahua
Rentals in Chihuahua
Reviews & Ratings
Overall Score: Nice76% - 388 reviews
Booking.com85% - 179 reviews
Expedia82% - 57 reviews
Hotels.com60% - 152.This.
“Oh ow.” I groaned as I sat down on the bench next to my best friend, Cindy. I set my lunch tray on my achy thighs and started scooping rice hungrily into my mouth.
“What’s up?” Cindy asked.
I had only one word, “P.E.”
What genius arrange my schedule? Putting P.E. right before lunch. Actually, I don’t mind P.E. class but before lunch and the meanest teacher in the whole school? No way!
Cindy nodded thoughtfully as she chewed her orange chicken. She swallowed and looked up and elbowed me in the ribs. “Ow, why did you do that?” I rubbed my ribs, didn’t she know I’d just done 50 sit-ups? She stood up, I frowned, “Hey, where are you going?”
The answer came naturally as Jaime sat down next to me. “Come on, Anna, let’s sit over there.” Anna, Jaime’s sister giggled, and then with her lunch tray in the crook of her arm, she followed Cindy to the tree and sat down beneath it.
As I was about to fork a piece of orange chicken into my mouth, Jaime bumped me hard in the ribs. The chicken and the fork fell onto the ground. My mouth was still open but now I was angry. “What’s the matter with you?” I shrieked. I groaned loudly as I picked up my tray and moved to another bench.
Several seconds later, Anna left Cindy’s side and sat down next to me. “Are you okay?” She asked softly in her Spanish accent. I nodded as I tried to eat my lunch again. “My brother’s a jerk sometimes.” You think? I wanted to say.
“I don’t know what’s the matter with him. He follows me around like a puppy in P.E. and he keeps bumping into me everywhere I go.”
She leaned in close and whispered. “He’s like that ’cause he’s got a crush on you.”
I stared at her a minute or so and laughed. “You can’t be serious.”
She nodded quickly, “He keeps saying your name at home. It’s like totally weird.”
Both of my eyebrows shot up but at the same time, my heart began racing, someone has a crush on me, my inner voice chimed. “Wait, why didn’t he just tell me? ‘I like you.’ Is that so hard?”
Anna shrugged and my back crouched a little as I sneaked a peek at Jaime, sitting all by himself on the bench. Then I winced. That’s love? It’s the weirdest thing ever.
Check out the finale of this story by clicking this link!
Daily Prompt – First Crush
Last published on March 13, 2015
Edited and re-posted on January 4, 2017
9 thoughts on “Flash Fiction – First Crush”
Pingback: If I have a vial of truth serum… | My Simple Life
What a cute story to go with that picture!
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thank you.
Pingback: What is Love? | A Simple Life
And it sorta remained weird, didn’t it?
LikeLiked by 1 person
Nah, I moved on. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Pingback: Secrets | This is Another Story
First crushes always make the cutest stories… thanks for sharing 🙂 xx
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yup, they sure do. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personUncasville, CT (June 26, 2016) – Barrett-Jackson launched its Northeast collector car auction at the Mohegan Sun Casino this weekend, drawing in tens of thousands of spectators and some 600 consignments. The Mohegan Sun didn’t know what they were in for as Barrett-Jackson’s inaugural drew in more people to the casino than any other event held at the casino in the past. The collector car auction sold out the two day auction in just three hours and Arizona Auto Scene was on site to cover its inaugural Northeast event.
With more than 90,000 spectators and 1,700 bidders, Barrett-Jackson’s Northeast auction put 96 % of it’s consignments into new hands. The auction had sales in excess of $26 million and sold 552 vehicles. Craig Jackson said .”
Barrett=Jackson president Steve Davis said “Our inaugural Northeast Auction was a tremendous success”
We’re pleased to see Barrett-Jackson venturing out into new territories. We think that Connecticut, which happens to be out mother land was an excellent choice. The Mohegan Sun Casino was also an excellent choice as a venue for the auction.
The top ten sellers at the auction were
Scroll down to check out more from Barrett-Jackson’s inaugural Northeast auction.
Photos by Dave Klemenz
Barrett-Jackson‘s next collector car auction will be Oct. 13-15, 2016, at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.Show Less
Non-Standard Employment in Post-Industrial Labour Markets
An Occupational Perspective
Edited by Werner Eichhorst and Paul Marx
Examining the occupational variation within non-standard employment, this book combines case studies and comparative writing to illustrate how and why alternative occupational employment patterns are formed. Through expert contributions, a framework is developed integrating explanations based on labour market regulation, industrial relations and skill supply, filling the gaps in previous scholastic research.
Show Summary DetailsToday’s random comments, you ask? Well, let’s see…
- 12:06 Bus dependability goes out the window in the rain. Hate you bus as I got soaked in rain and had to take cab anyhow. #masstransitfail
- 18:54 Ice bucket and garlic press?!? So fancy. I’m convinced married people have fancier kitchens tho know may be a myth.
- 19:40 Oh my. The Countess on RHONY is too much. She doesn’t understand community service now, does she? No…. FAIL.
- 19:41 Did she just say that? Girl said wanted to be a model. Countess said "You have time to grow" and "You can always lose weight". Seriously?
- 20:33 Oh my. Real Housewives of NJ is craaaacking me up. This is trash-tastic.
- 20:48 "Jacqueline’s heart is as big as her boobies" – #gemscourtestyofrealhousewivesofnewjerz-ee
- 20:51 This next NJ gem was engaged 19x. 19x?!?!? Is that something for the Guiness Book of World Records?!?
- 21:20 Eddie Murphy’s prospective wife in "Coming to America" is barking like a dog. It’s kinda freaking me, Dixie, and Eddie out…
Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter
AdvertisementsMaster Bedroom Color Ideas
Master Bedroom Color Ideas have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Master Bedroom Color Ideas here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Master Bedroom Color Ideas picture submitted ang published by Admin that kept inside our collection. Master Bedroom Color Ideas have a graphic associated with the other.
Master Bedroom Color Ideas It also will feature a picture of a sort that might be observed in the gallery of Master Bedroom Color Ideas. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others.
These are so many great picture list that could become your enthusiasm and informational purpose of Master Bedroom Color Master Bedroom Color Ideas picture. We provide image Master Bedroom Color Ideas Master Bedroom Color Ideas directly, you may use the category navigation or it could be using a random post of Master Bedroom Color Ideas.
We hope you enjoy and discover one of your best collection of pictures and get inspired to enhance your residence.
If the link is damaged or the image not entirely on Master Bedroom Color Ideasyou can call us to get pictures that look for We provide imageMaster Bedroom Color Ideas.6 bedroom flats to rent near Warbleton
Be the first to know about new properties matching your search criteriaCreate alert
Flat to rent
Preston Village Mews, Middle Road, Brighton BN1
Another amazing new refurb close to Preston Park! There's 6 big double bedrooms, all with ensuite bathrooms, a huge open plan kitchen/living area and a cute little roof terrace. Close to ... read more
Triplex to rent
Crystal Palace Road, East Dulwich SE22
A large six bedroom two bathroom flat set within a period double fronted
Duplex to rent
Surbiton Road, Kingston Upon Thames KT1
** students welcome ** An ideally situated 6 Bedroom Student Flat situated over the 1st & 2nd floor, with private entrance on the ground floor from Surbiton Road. Only 2 minutes walk from ... read more
Flat to rent
Brighton Road, Surbiton KT6
*sharers & students welcome* 6 bedroom apartment with own front door located in the heart of Surbiton town centre popular for its range of amenities as well as public transport links ... read more
Flat to rent
Hill Crest, Upper Brighton Road, Surbiton KT6
Large six double bedroom town centre flat. Available now.Accommodation DetailsAn extremely spacious town centre apartment situated in the heart of Surbiton only a short walk from Surbiton ... read more
-
Shared accommodation to rent
Gravel Hill, New Addington CR0
6 rooms available in this newly refurbished semi-detached house well located in a sought after residential part of Addington. The property boasts 6 large double bedrooms, fully fitted kitchen ... read morePSY’s “Gangnam Style” T-Shirt Sold on German Online Store
PSY’s “Gangnam Style” took the U.S. by storm last week, and now, it’s reached a German online shopping mall as well.
Recently, an online t-shirt store, “Spreadshirt,” revealed a new product inspired by PSY’s “Gangnam Style.” The shirt comes with a picture of PSY’s signature “horse dance,” and lines that say, “Keep Calm and Gangnam Style.” The “Keep Calm” design is one of “Spreadshirt’s” most popular items, and the PSY’s edition is the latest one to come from the highly successful online store.
It’s unclear how many copies of the PSY’s shirt have sold out so far, but Korean press and netizens are taking it as a reflection of how popular and viral “Gangnam Style” has gone over the past week.
Netizens commented, “’Gangnam Style’ is daebak,” “I need to order that shirt now,” and “I wonder who designed that.”
With over 300 employees, the Geremany-based “Spreadshirt” is one of the fastest growing and largest online t-shirt retailers. It is expected to reach $100 million in sales this year.
You can order your own “Keep Calm and Gangnam Style” shirt here!Board of Directors
Managing Director (Honorary)
Dr. Debarati Halder is the (Honorary) Managing Director of Centre for Cyber Victim Counselling (CCVC). She is an author, speaker, advocate and legal scholar. She holds a PhD degree from the National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, India. She received her LLB from the University of Calcutta and her master’s degree in international and constitutional law is from the University of Madras. She has co-authored two books titled "Cybercrime against Women in India" (SAGE Publishing) and "Cyber crime and the Victimization of Women: Laws, Rights, and Regulations" (IGI Global, USA) and co-edited a book titled "Therapeutic Jurisprudence and Overcoming Violence Against Women" (IGI Global, USA) with Prof. K. Jaishankar., the International Conference on Social Media for Good, held during 15–16 May 2015 at Istanbul, Turkey and the World Congress of Criminology held during 15-19, December 2016 at India. and Jindal Global University, Haryana, India. Debarati’s research interests include constitutional law, international law, victim rights, cyber crimes and laws.
Executive Director (Honorary)
Professor K. Jaishankar is the Executive Director (Honorary) of Centre for Cyber Victim Counselling (CCVC) and the founder of the academic discipline "Cyber Criminology"© (2007) and is the proponent of the Space Transition Theory of Cyber Crimes. He is presently the Professor and Head of the Department of Criminology at the Raksha Shakti University (Police and Internal Security University), Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. He is recently appointed as the International Ambassador of the British Society of Criminology (BSC). recipient of the prestigious National Academy of Sciences, India (NASI) SCOPUS Young Scientist Award 2012 – Social Sciences and ISC – S.S. Srivastava Award for Excellence in Teaching and Research in Criminology. He is awarded the Commonwealth Academic Staff Fellowship, 2009-10 for research on Victims of Cyber Crimes and was a Commonwealth Fellow at the School of Law, University of Leeds during November 2009 – April 2010.); as well as Fellow of the African Center for Cyberlaw and Cybercrime Prevention.
Advisory Board
Subhajit Basu, PhD, University of Leeds, UK
Dr. Subhajit Basu is an Associate Professor in Information Technology Law 
Professor
Professor.
Professor Sameer Hinduja, Florida State University, USA
Professor Sameer Hinduja is a
Professor, University of Leeds, UK
Professor David S. Wall is presently Professor of Criminology at the University of Leeds, Leeds, UK where he researches and teaches Cybercrimes (Crime and the Internet), Policing and Criminology. He was earlier the Professor of Criminology in the School of Applied Social Sciences, Durham University, UK (August 2010- 2015) Also, he was a Professor of Criminal Justice and Information Society at the University of Leeds, Leeds, UK where he also held the positions of Director of the Centre for Criminal Justice Studies (2000–2005) and Head of the School of Law (2005–2007). He conducts research, write, teach and supervise PhD students in the fields of: Cybercrime, Criminal justice and Information technology, Policing, Intellectual property crime. He has published a wide range of articles and books on these subjects which include: Cybercrime: The Transformation of Crime in the Information Age (Polity, 2007), Cyberspace Crime (ed. Ashgate/ Dartmouth, 2003), Crime and the Internet (ed. Routledge, 2001) and he co‐edited The Internet, Law and Society (with Y. Akdeniz and C. Walker, Longman, 2000). He is a world renowned scholar on cybercrime issues., Honorary Managing Director, CCVC,
Ahmedabad 24 Gujarat India.
ccvcindia@gmail.comBy Weam Al Dakheel
Why Creative thinking?
This kind of thinking that we all possess in our brains is the innate ability to recognize things around us and convey it into our own form of art. Distinction is what makes you a creative individual who sees new things from the same thing. It is your creative eye that enables you seeing with your own visual perception rather than obvious point of view, which is called ‘logical observation’ as seeing bird as a bird, tree as a tree, and fish as a dog… joking!! However, following the progress of your creative thinking, creative vision becomes as natural as breathing, and when this appears, you deserve to be called a creative individual.
So Lets start thinking!
What would you think of an apple? Red Fruit, Apple Candy, iPod, iPhone, MacBook logo, Adam and Eve, Apple Juice, Bloody Diamond …etc. Well, if you answers were similar to those above, then I am sorry to tell you that you are not considered as a creative human! And you need some tips:
1.Learn more about yourself in the way you understand things, topics, emotions, objects…etc. Deepen your self-knowledge by learning your real strengths, weaknesses, potentials, skills, and fears.
2.Find for yourself a place in creative hobbies (Drawing, reading, mountain climbing, photography, wood working…). Hobbies can also help you to find time to discover yourself in a very individualistic and original way.
3.Engage yourself outside your specialty. Use Awareness as your weapon in a strange world to you. And never give up on knowing things you actually don’t know.
Awareness is necessary for creative growth.
Awareness is your key. It is the essential gear to speed up the work of creativity and problem solving mechanism and the only savior when curiosity dies!
Take a couple of minutes, and imagine the world with everyone really thinking creative. How would it be? Again, think creative!
Good Luck☺Hodgson Russ Named To The National Law Journal's Top 500 Survey Of The Nation's Largest Law Firms
Hodgson Russ LLP has been recognized in The National Law Journal’s (NLJ) 2016 Annual Survey of the nation’s largest law firms. Launched in 1978, the list now includes 500 firms, providing “a more robust portrait of Big Law in the U.S.,” according to the publication. Hodgson Russ ranks 202 on the list, making it one of the highest for Buffalo-based law firms..
###❤ ♥ Bonjouuuuur my lovely readers and a very merry welcome to my new ones! ♥ ❤
I completely forgot to tell you that I went away for my trip to Paris, but well, I did.
And now I have returned!
I had an absolutely amazing trip with my friend Maria and we took sooooo man pictures!
Just on my phone I have about 3 GB of pictures and it will take a little time to sort them all out and find the best ones + editing them. Furthermore Maria and I agreed to share our pictures through dropbox so I will also have to wait for her pictures since she has some videos and pictures in the dark that my phone wouldn't take.
So I ask you to please be patient and wait for the pictures with me and I promise there will be a bunch of posts regarding the trip!
I'll be sharing my pictures and stories along with some neat tips that we learned along our journey.
Just hang on! ^o^
I'll be sharing my pictures and stories along with some neat tips that we learned along our journey.
Just hang on! ^o^
I didn't get so much sleep last night since we had to leave super early for the airport so this will be it for today's post. I promise I will be back soon!
Until then, take care and have a great summer!
Au revoir!
❤Llandovery ignored recent league form to account for Division One counterparts Rumney in an entertaining encounter at Riverside Park.
The Drovers knew they had their work set out to improve on the 32-8 drubbing inflicted upon them in November at the same ground. However coach Iestyn Thomas was justifiably pleased with the result. “It’s difficult to come down here, especially in the cup where Rumney are notable for their past efforts. We almost lost the plot but some big performances from individuals such as Tracy Lewis and Neil Clapham helped us pull through,” he said.
Indeed Llandovery had to wait until the second half to assert their dominance. Matthew Silva had kicked the home side into a five-point lead thanks to three penalties and a conversion of Gareth Cleaver’s try. Llandovery had replied through a brace of penalties from full-back Stuart Harries and a try from influential lock David Giles. A moment of individual brilliance saw outside-half Clapham dance his way through a bemused Rumney defence for the Drovers’ second try. Winger Ioan Davies added the Drovers’ third and Harries had two successful conversions. Tracy Lewis capped a fine individual performance with a try to put the game well out of reach, despite Stuart McIntyre’s late effort for Rumney.What an incredible expertise. Other businesses were put off by repairing my ... examine far more What a fantastic experience. Other companies were being postpone by repairing my old Wooden Home windows and attempted to power me into replacing all of our Home windows.
Both of such conditions will make the windshield irreparable with time. Glass Health practitioner of Montebello won't ever recommend windshield substitute when an easy repair is often properly made.
@safelite no solo el empleado de safelite reemplazó mis ventanas, sino que también limpió las otras four ventanas y mi retrovisor...increíble
If you are a resident of or want to Find a franchise in a single of such states, we is not going to provide you with a franchise unless and right up until Now we have complied with applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure demands in the state.
We were completely amazed With all the windshield alternative we acquired from Glass Medical doctor of Eau Claire. The employees is amazingly welcoming, Experienced, and efficient. We will happily ship Other folks your way if the necessity arises. Thank you!
I acquired a quick quotation with mobile support for my passenger facet window substitute. We set up an appointment as well as the technician got on time and did an excellent job. I'm quite happy with their company. thank you a great deal Santa Monica Auto Glass.
We rigorously retain the caliber of our associate installers. You should definitely amount your installation encounter!
Your testimonial has actually been sent correctly. However, it must be reviewed by Fixr prior to going live. This action can take all over 24 several hours.
In the event the injury is not really way too severe or in the motive force's direct line of sight the vast majority of 'rock chips' can certainly be repaired. The cracking has to be stopped to stop spreading through a massive spot in the windshield.
If you're a human and so are seeing this subject, please depart it blank. Fields marked using an * are expected
We provide finish auto glass installation, windshield alternative, and various auto glass repair providers. We website focus on windshield replacement, windshield repair, rock chip repair and almost every other auto
It looks like you are located in Canada, Safelite does not provide assistance in your nation. However Fast Glass may help you with the car glass wants. Get a similar level of experience and excellent in your area.
An ideal representation of the asked for resource couldn't be located on this server. This error was created by Mod_Security.
I Not long ago experienced Home windows changed at my dwelling(This kind of stressfull process). I received estimates from a handful of areas in and throughout the Springfield Illinois Spot.…
Joanna Clapps Herman reads from <i>The Anarchist Bastard: Growing Up Italian in America</i> (SUNY Press, 2011)
Joanna Clapps Herman reads from The Anarchist Bastard: Growing Up Italian in America (SUNY Press, 2011)
"I was born in 1944, but raised in the twelfth century." With that, Joanna Clapps Herman concisely describes the two worlds she inhabited while growing up as the child of Italian-American immigrants in Waterbury, Connecticut. They were Aviglianese and Tolvese, and everything 'Merican was inferior. It was a place embedded with values closer to Homer’s Greece than to Anglo-American New England, an intensely hierarchical home with prescribed gender roles. Though it was full of passion, the word “sex” was never uttered. In essays filled with wry humor and affectionate yet probing insights, Herman maps and makes palpable the very particular details of this culture—its shame and pride, its family betrayals and profound loyalties.
--Jay PariniHow Can You REALLY Learn About God?
I think I've learned more about God by being a parent more than anything else in my life. I was born to an alcoholic mother and a workaholic father both of whom died before I was 21. Having to practically raise myself, and then finally having children at 27, I've learned a lot about the subject of parenting.
As a child, I only have a few good memories of my mother rocking me in the mornings before the liquor took over her body since she drank as soon as she awoke. I remember snuggling up to her on the couch, first thing in the morning as I got older during my weekend visits. I knew I only had a short period of time before the 'drunk mother' took over and I couldn't talk or reason with her any longer. I cherished every moment I could get with her when she was sober. As far as my father, I became a 'daddy's girl' very early in life. I remember plopping myself down on his foot and sitting on it, grabbing onto his calf as tightly as I could before he left the house for work. I figured that if I sat there and held on hard enough, he couldn't leave me. It never worked of course. He would walk a few steps with my holding on with everything I had and it would always make me laugh. He always left for work and he always came home late. They divorced when I was 7 and he instantly remarried a horrible, vindictive woman who verbally abused me throughout their nine years of marriage. I grew up longing for both of my parents love, only to find that both of them loved something or someone else and I was an 'afterthought'. I would sit at my mother's feet and look up at her and beg her to stop drinking. I would tell her of the stories of my stepmother and how she treated me. My mothers' only reply was that she couldn't stop drinking and she would drink until the day she died. And she did exactly that. She died at the age of 52 from liver failure. I never knew what it was like to have a mother to go shopping with or take advice from or cook together. I never had a mother - period.
As far as my father, I remember the few times we did have together were warm and loving. I cherished the times he would let me sit in his lap and hold me. Nothing in life felt better than the security of his arms around me. Those were the times I cherished more than anything else in life. Then, there were times he would put me on his shoulders and walk around the house with me. I would have to 'duck' to get through the doorways and that was always fun. But, like my mother, when I would tell him how miserable I was with his marriage to my stepmother, he would just assure me that things would change and I would be okay. I grew up feeling that I was an 'accident' and no one really cared.
When I became a parent at the age of 27, I was surprised to learn that I could actually be a 'good' mother and somehow I knew what it took to be a parent. I had lived a very 'wild' life and people who knew me figured I would never have children because that just wasn't the type of person I was. However,from the moment they were born, I had an 'unconditional' love for my children and a 'protective' sense in me that was instinctive. I learned that I would give my life for them without a second thought. I would fight anyone to the death for them and take up for them at any cost. I didn't even know I had that quality in me until they were born. I had a son at the age of 27 and a set of twin girls at the age of 31. One twin daughter was stillborn and my heart aches for her every day of my life.
As I write this, my children are now 25 and 21 and no longer live at home. Over the years, as they have grown up, I've learned that when I have a question about God and Who He is, I can look within myself for the answers. I've learned that God gave us the ability to have children so that we could understand Him and His love for us. I've learned that the 'unconditional love' that is in my heart instinctively was put there by Him because He IS that love.
If you are reading this and you are a parent, you understand what I am talking about when I speak of this 'unconditional love'. When you have children, it changes you from the inside out. You learn to love in a way you never knew you could love before. As your children grow and learn the word 'no' you don't like disciplining them and seeing them cry, but you know that they will learn from their mistakes. If your toddler insists on touching a hot stove after you have screamed 'no' at them, you finally allow them to touch it, even though you know it will burn them. You know once they touch it, they will never do it twice. It may hurt and there will be a scar left behind, but they have learned what NOT to do by experience. As they grow and become teenagers and have a mind of their own, and refuse to obey, they learn lessons as we watch the reprocussions of their choices, all the while wishing they would have just listened to us in the first place so they wouldn't have to suffer. And even though they might make decisions that shock us and disappoint us to our very core, we love them despite their actions and will always come to their defense and assure them of our love.
Your parents created your physical body, but God in Heaven, is your REAL 'parent'. When your body dies and decays into the ground, your spirit will live forever. Your body is simply the 'car' in which God gave you to get around with on this earth as we go through the 'school of hard knocks', as they say. But just as your children, as they grow, ask you about life and you give them advice, we only need to ask God on a minute by minute basis, of how to get through these hard times. We can choose to take His advice or choose our own way and learn through experience and sometimes suffer the consequences of those decisions. Rest assured, that even though you might make the wrong decision time after time, God doesn't stop loving you just as you don't stop loving your own children. He will always be there for you, taking you back and holding you and healing you and setting you on the right path again. His love is permanent and unconditional just as your love is for your children. When you wonder about the character of God, look within yourself and within that...you will find faith and know you ARE loved!I started running (instead of walking) the Big Bunny when Katrina was a baby, and have run it every year since. We have a LOT of Big Bunny Fun Run T-shirts now!
The Bunny itself got an upgrade: it's gray now (new suit).
Dave and Katrina did the official walk, which is 2.5K (so, about a mile and a half). Doing the walk is really just for goodwill and to support the Parks and Rec department -- and for the T-shirt.
The kids practiced an "on your mark!"
Julian entered the real 5K this year too -- this is the boys just before the starting siren.
I coached Julian to pace himself and to follow the crowd. He was ready and excited and started strong!
Gabriel started faster than I could keep up with, plus I was taking photos of Julian. But I caught him about halfway through the race, passed him, and stayed enough ahead that I was able to take a photo of Gabriel crossing the finish line.
And Julian made it! It took him a lot longer, but he made it!
Katrina's favorite place to be, holding Dad's hand. They both greatly enjoyed the walk together, with a little running in the beginning, but mostly walking.
The 5K runners -- we made it! The clock at the finish line said I did it in 24:40, Gabriel in 25:40 and Julian in 35:20.
I ran harder than I ever have in a race, keeping a pace that meant constant gasping and being out of breath. But once you get to a certain pace, it's almost harder to back off -- especially if you can hear your son's footsteps behind you. But if my time really was 24:40, that means my first 8-minute mile!
A grand success for all of us!
4/7/12Author Interview with John DeBoer
Q: What genre do you write in?
A: The Thriller genre is what I most like to read, so that’s what I like to write.
Q: Do you have any writing rituals?
A: Not really. I don’t write every day, and when I do, there’s no set time allotted for it. I workshop my novels online, so I tend to write one chapter at a time. When I get in the writing mood, I usually keep at it at one sitting (I actually write – in longhand) until I’ve got a first draft ready to be amended and edited. It usually takes at least two more drafts before I put it into the computer. Then I edit again, submit it to the workshopping site, and do a final edit before posting it.
Q: What is your biggest accomplishment in life?
A: That’s an easy one – getting my wife to marry me!
Q: If you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger self?
A: Well, that would depend on the age of that younger self, because my advice would differ at various stations along life’s passage. But in general, I’d reassure him that, despite bumps in the road, life only gets better if you let it. And I’d also warn him that getting older isn’t for wimps, so be prepared for that!
Q: Do you have any work in progress right now? If so, can you tell us about it?
A: My current WIP is tentatively titled, “When the Reaper Comes.” It concerns the ISIS threat within the U.S. I started writing this a little over a year ago and found that real events were overtaking the fictional ones I had in the novel. I’m about ¾ of the way through it, and I feel under the gun, so to speak, to get it finished and published before it looks like I’m a copycat!
Q: Do you have any favorite authors?
A: There’s quite a list of authors I like to read, but the top three would be Nelson DeMille, Michael Connelly, and Lee Child.
Fun Questions:
Q: Do you have any pet peeves?
A: My wife would probably disagree, but I think I’m a pretty tolerant guy for an A-type personality. And I’ve mellowed over the years. But one thing that continues to bug me are those folks who think other members of the public should be subjected to their taste in music, either from a car stereo or from a boom box at the beach. Oh, and those people who don’t pick up their dog’s business – especially from my front yard! – when they take the dog for a walk. And those ladies in front of me at the supermarket checkout line who wait for the last item to be rung up before deciding they should look in their handbag for – the checkbook! And when . . . uh-oh, you got me going. I better stop here.
Q: What is your favorite food?
A: Anything Italian, except when it involves calamari or scungilli.
Q: Tea or coffee?
A: Definitely coffee. The only tea I drink is the iced variety in the summer.
Q: You are stranded somewhere very cold, but you can bring only three things with you. What would they be?
A: Not enough info! Is there snow? Trees? Animals? Potable water? Well, you did say it was cold, and I’ll assume I’m already dressed in warm clothing. So here are my three things: A filled-up portable generator, the largest watermelon I can find, and – a satellite phone so I can be rescued before my fuel and watermelon run out!
Thank you very much Mr. DeBoer for letting me interview.
After graduating from the University of Vermont College of Medicine, John L. DeBoer, M.D., F.A.C.S. completed surgical training in the U.S. Army and then spent three years in the Medical Corps as a general surgeon. Thirty years of private practice later, he retired to begin a new career as a writer. A member of International Thriller Writers, Dr. DeBoer is the author of seven novels. For the last twenty-eight years, he has called North Carolina home.
Thanks for the interview, Autumn. It was fun!Article Text
Abstract
Background The efficacy and safety of biosimilar infliximab has been studied in several inflammatory conditions and biosimilar was approved for all indications of the reference product in several countries. However, to the best of our knowledge, there was no published reports on its use in Behçet's syndrome (BS).
Objectives We aimed to report our experience with biosimilar infliximab for the treatment of 3 different types of organ involvements in BS.
Methods We reviewed the charts of all BS patients who were prescribed infliximab in our multidisciplinary BS clinic. Among the 88 patients who were prescribed infliximab, 4 had used biosimilar infliximab (5 mg/kg) due to refractory disease despite conventional immunosuppressives.
Results Case 1: The first patient was a 28-year-old man who had received azathioprine (AZA), cyclosporine-A and methotrexate for 6 years for ocular involvement. Six months after the immunosuppressives were stopped due to sustained remission he had a stroke with right hemiparesis. Cranial MRI revealed venous infarct extending from posterior limb of left internal capsule to pons and mesencephalon, involving corpus callosum. Cervical MRI revealed a hyperintense lesion between C3-C8 segments. His cranial MR venography excluded sinus thrombosis. He received intravenous pulse corticosteroid followed by biosimilar infliximab. He achieved clinical remission and his MRI at month 3 showed almost total regression of the lesions. He is still in remission at 7th month of therapy. Case 2: The second patient was a 24-year-old man using AZA 2,5 mg/kg/day for refractory skin lesions when he developed bilateral external iliac vein and right common iliac vein thrombosis. Biosimilar infliximab was added to AZA. His abdominal superficial collateral vein distension regressed and Doppler ultrasonography at month 4 showed recanalization in bilateral external iliac veins and residual thrombosis only in the right common iliac vein. Case 3: The third patient was a 41-year-old man who had used colchicine, AZA, sulfasalazine, interferon-alpha and adalimumab for refractory arthritis. Biosimilar infliximab was started, with only a partial response. After one year treatment was switched to etanercept 50 mg/week and is attack-free for the last 7 months. Case 4: The fourth one was a 26-year-old man who was prescribed infliximab for panuveitis refractory to AZA, cyclosporine-A and interferon-alpha. The first infusion was biosimilar infliximab, but the following infusions were reference infliximab due to reimbursement policy of the hospital. There were no adverse events after switching to reference infliximab and the patient is doing well at 8 months of therapy.
Conclusions Our limited experience showed that biosimilar infliximab may be effective for BS patients refractory to conventional immunosuppress.Phil Anderson The ‘Lunch Money Property Millionaire’ Lifecorp Founder, Best Selling Author (Secrets of Entrepreneurs under 40 – and – Property Millionaires)
Melissa Dyer Aqua construction aquaconstruction.com.au
David Ross Director David Ross Electrical / Tweed To Gold Coast Solar
Jo Lincolne Big Love Weddings
Daniel Macdonald Pottsville Physiotherapy
Marty Brandon Hibbards
Ted Nicholas, The 4 Billion Dollar Marketing Man & World wide authority on marketing and the whose who of the marketing world!
“Showed Me How To Increase Conversions Almost Immediately”

“Within A Short Time We Tripled Our Response!“
“At first I was skeptical when Richard approached us saying he could improve the response with one of our marketing campaigns we were running. I have to say I was pretty blown away once we implemented his strategies….within a very short time we tripled our response! Thanks Richard”
Nigel Sonter Director Five Star Fitness Port Macquarie NSW
“More Empowered and positive about my business after just one session!““Wow Thank you Richard, I was amazed at the wealth on information and awesome tips you had for my business. I felt much more empowered and positive about my business in just one session. I would recommend you to anyone!”
Jhanna Bowen ArtistI tend to cook from scratch. Rarely do we purchase “mixes.” J loves pumpkin pie with holiday meals and it drives me crazy that so many pumpkins are sold in the fall, set on porches and left to spoil. And when you look for a recipe for pumpkin pie or pumpkin bread, it calls for canned pumpkin. We grow pumpkins each year and the ones that were harvested in the fall of 2014 were such good keepers, that I cooked the last 4 small ones yesterday to use to make the two pumpkin pies that will be baked on Wednesday.
None of the remaining pumpkins from last year were very large, just slightly larger than a grapefruit each, and cut in half, they all fit on my huge baking sheet. The chickens benefitted from the raw pumpkin seed and cooked skins with the small amount of remaining meat that I couldn’t scrape out. The 4 pumpkins only made just under 6 cups of cooked puree. This will be more than enough for two pies.
While the pumpkins were baking, I started a couple of loaves of bread. I used to bake all of our bread, but A, the 8 year old grand that lives with us, prefers what I call balloon bread, the soft gummy square commercial loaves. I keep trying to make a bread that is light enough to suit him. The rest of us love a good hearty rustic loaf.
My wooden bread bowl was put to use, more unbleached bread flour than whole wheat used and the loaves came out almost lighter than I prefer.
Two beautifully risen, golden loaves. . . and still not to his liking. But the rest of us polished off a whole loaf with our dinner last night. SIL will enjoy making his lunch sandwiches on the other one this week.
I need more flour, but with having 9 folks in the house for most of this week, I will do another baking when the oven is hot for pies on Wednesday. We will need it for lunches and breakfasts later in the week.
Last night the bottom fell out of the fall thermometer. It isn’t as cold as we will see and it will moderate in a couple of days, but it was 26f when I got up and the chicken water is frozen for the first time this season. A has been dispatched to the bus, N has been fed and dressed, chickens have been fed, but I need to take some warm water over and see if I can thaw their water pail.
If it warms enough, I need to put urethane on the Beard and Apothecary gift boxes that I’m putting together for the December 12th Winter Holiday Market. If not, J and I still need to go to the bookstore to get N a book for her birthday tomorrow.
2 thoughts on “Pre Prep and Deliciousness”
Your bread looks amazing!!! I’m going to have to get back into baking some of my own over the holidays. Blessings!
Bread baking is a very therapeutic activity. We love it when I bake, but don’t seem to eat too much, so I don’t bake as often as I used to when sandwiches were the fare of the school lunchbox. Best to you and hope you get some baking done.ambulances..
In Rail Ambulance Services we provide full ICU backupSupplies And Equipment In The Train
Ventilator , Monitor , Infusion Pump , Suction Machine , Defibrillator Oxygen (Adequate Quantity) , Specialist Doctor (ICU Expert) Technician (ICU Trained)
Life Savers Ambulance Services Gives
All patients transported by rail are escorted by two prepared therapeutic experts. Perfect contender for Medical escort by Rail :
Neurological wounds.
Orthopedic wounds
Minor ambulatory issuesHead to the brand spanking new Bar Bleu near Rice Village for Red, White & Bleu: An Official Opening Party on Friday evening, July 1, 2016.
The new, blue-hued lounge and club is celebrating its opening and the arrival of the long Independence Day weekend with no cover, free Champagne until 11pm, great music from DJ Senega, and more.
Attendees are encouraged to where blue clothing and attire, to get into the immersive atmosphere.
About Bar Bleu
Formerly Hudson Lounge, the 6,500-square-foot bar just completed a $1 million remodel and renovation. It now boasts custom-built mirrored DJ booth, LED lighted dance floor and vivid blue colors throughout (including polished lacquered walls, plush sofas and fabrics, warm incandescent lighting, and more).
Red, White & Bleu: Bar Bleu’s Official Opening Party
- Date: Friday, July 1, 2016
- Time: 9pm to 2am
- Location: Bar Bleu, 2506 Robinhood Street, Houston, TX 77005
- Admission: No cover, with complimentary Champagne from 9pm to 11pm. Tables can be reserved by calling 713-906-5656. Click here for more information and updates.
Holiday week here in the US!, so we decided to announce our winner a little early! Excited to announce the winners of this competition. Absolutely loved the tracks from the finalists. Congratulations to all 24 entries for making great music with the free loops provided. Always an honor to listen to each and every track. This round we selected one grand prize winner and three runners up. Okay, winner picking time!…
First, a quick recap of the rules:
The Maybach Strings Challenge: This beat competition was free to enter. P5Audio provided a zip file with free music loops from two of our Maybach inspired products, plus our custom build Essential Risers & FX pack. Music producers had to use only the sounds in the zip file provided to create a Maybach music inspired instrumental. Producers could alter the sounds in any way they wished, BUT could ONLY use the free sounds provided!
AND NOW TIME TO ANNOUNCE THE WINNING PRODUCERS!!!!…..
CHAMPION Winning Producer is:
Producer: Rhythm Point Media
Track name: Maybach Strings (2012)
Why we chose this track:
Listen to the winning track here:
The Grand Prize:
- $100 in FREE P5Audio sounds
- A blog post about their life / work /music etc…
And the runners up are:
Runner Up #1 : G Lee Beatz
Track name: MayBach Stringz_G Lee Beatz
Award: Smoothest Maybach Joint! – Stellar track, and extremely musical arrangement!
Listen to G Lee Beatz’s track:
Runner Up #2: Da Fingaz
Track name: maybach strings_Puppet Master
Award: Hardest hitting head knocking beat. Great energy and musicality throughout this track!
Listen to Da Fingaz’s track:
Runner Up #3: Joonique
Track Name: Maybach_Strings_Joonique
Award: Great originality, great use of sounds! – Deserves an honorable mention!
Listen to Joonique’s track:
Prize for each runner up:
- A FREE copy of our Maybach RnB Loopsets!
Thank you everyone who entered the competition! We are as always honored that you choose to use your talents to make tracks with our sounds. Please continue to keep posting the positive community experience giving feedback and support on Soundcloud. Be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the all the latest contest news! Check back for the next one! It will have a spooky theme!
Thank you everyone!!!
No doubt, definitely a great track. You can only improve by entering these competitions… That’s what I’m doing… Dats whats up!
Congratz to Rhythm Point Media!! Knew that you would make it.
Thankyou P5audio for picking me as a runner up.. i was afraid I won’t make any chance because my track isn’t in Maybach style.
Anyway good news to start with this morning. Thanks!
PS to P5audio: You guys put my track name wrong. A little mistake haha.
@Ecks-Calibur Productions – Excellent words my man. That is why these competitions exist. Always grateful for your participation!
@Joonique – Congrats on being a runner up once again! Love your beats. You definitely are beginning to refine your skills! Fixed your track name fyi! Out bad on that LOL!
Congrats to Rhythm Point Media! Dope track. I told you those drums were on point. LOL.
Shout out to Joonique and G Lee Beatz also! Congrats!….
For those interested, I plan to post a video on my blog in a few hours about how I created mine. Check it out if you want!…
Thanks to everyone who gave their honest critique of my track. It was a true honor competing with you all as everyone definitely brought their “A” game. Big up to P5 Audio for not only providing stellar products but also for creating a social environment where passionate and creative artists like us can come together to support one another.
God Bless & Best of Success, Ya’ll
Big congrats Rhythm! Greatly appreciate you positivity AND your talent! Loved your track. We’ll be in touch with you tomorrow with your prize. Thank you for being a part of the community!
@Marcus – Loved your track homie! Let me know when you got that video posted. We’ll blast it out! Thank you as always for entering.
No problem. Video is live (I hope. LOL). You can check it out here:
@Marcus – Appreciate you posting homie. Great inside to your creative process. We look forward to sharing this on FB and Twitter!
@Dave Please do! Thanks for these competitions and the dope sounds as usual! (I actually used the drum sounds on another remix competition I entered. Check it out here and vote! LOL):
Oh Snaps Yall did it Early…Whoo Hoo Big Congrats 2 Rhythm Point Media….Was Dope Beat U Deserve it Keep Making Those Hits….Congrats 2 Da Fingaz & Joonique Great Producers…Thank U P5 Audio 4 putting on These Battles Words Can not say enough….I’m just glad Ya’ll liked my beat i don’t make this style so it was hard this round lol….Everybody came with some Hot Stuff Keep Doing Ya Thang! Till the Next Battle….Everybody have a Great Thanks Giving Be Blessed….1 Luv G Lee…
Hey David! I wrote a message on soundcloud p5audio profile, but didn’t get the reply, when do we get the prizes? Can’t wait to use them!
@G Lee Beatz – Always appreciate your positive words my dude. LOVED your beat! Hope you’re having a good holiday weekend!
@Joonique – Sorry for the delay. The holiday weekend put us behind a little bit. Got your prized coming today! (No. 16 ESPN/USA Today and No. 20 Associated Press). Bowling Green spent five weeks in the national polls and finished third in the nation in scoring offense, averaging 40.8 points per game..
"Great call on securing coach Urban Meyer to speak at Walgreens Leadership conference today. Coach Meyer did an excellent job and was well received by the 150 leaders in attendance."- Walgreens
"He was a huge hit – crowd went wild when he took the stage."- Alliance Data Systems
"Everything went very well! Everyone really enjoyed Urban's session. Thank you for all of your help on this and it has been a pleasure working with you both! Please thank Urban again!"- Goldman Sachs Asset ManagementTop Ten Scariest SCPsScariest and most frightining and most awesome scp monsters and objects.
By the way, scp stands for
S.ecure
C.ontain
P.rotect
The Top Ten
He is something you DON'T and I mean DON'T want in pretty much anywhere. I will admit I find him more cool than scary but he has a few things that are scary: 1:he has a (unknown) hate for humanity (and pretty much everything) 2:he has regeneration abilitys (even with 99% of his body destroyed he still regenerated back to life) 3:he can adapt to nearly (? ) anything (pretty much if you use a attack or even a scp on him it never (? ) effects him again) 4:as far as I'm sure he is the only thing the scp foundation wants to destroy 5:he's a giant lizard so yea the foundation keeps him in a giant acid cage to stop him from killing us and these 5 reasons (mainly the first 3) explain why they do that and how scary scp 682 can be in real life.
A living thing with a hatred for ALL living things, human or otherwise, is terrifying for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, because of the self-destructive implications. Secondly, with his being practically immortal, it promises that he really will be the last to die, if he ever does. And finally, he is capable of killing us at all any given time, and it simply hasn't suited him to do so.
This description is wrong on many levels. I am an official SCP member, and I will have you know two things
1. 87% NOT 99% of his body has been destroyed; and
2. He is not the only SCP we wish to destroy- SCP? (we have not disclosed his identity as yet) must also be destroyed. Thank you very much for wasting out time with false information
He can;t dieV 12 Comments
While the picture representing SCP-610 is arguably the most disgusting and horrifying among the objects, this is only the part of what makes it the scariest thing on the site. But the fact it is a highly contagious disease that may turn YOU into one of the abominations shown on the pictures make one see nightmares about it. And I used to live near Syberia...
This is really scary in my opinion. A contagious disease that turns you into an immobile sack of flesh. Even scarier is that it is literally unstoppable; all that the Foundation can do is shoot infected individuals on sight.
A disease/virus that we hardly understand, that is both uncontainable and possibly indestructible? And it is now (SPOILER ALERT) implied that it has some sort of sentience about it? No.
damn dudeV 5 Comments
The last thing you want is to look at this guys face, if you tried to escape in a helicopter, he's going to jump straight up and blow it up, long story short, YOUR DEAD ANYWAY YOU CHOOSE
What ever you do, when you are playing the game ( scp containment breach ) DO NOT LOOK AT ITS FACE, Because
That scp 096 has a nick name called the shy guy and if you look at its face, it will scream in an sickening and creepy way and then 20 seconds later he will start looking and hunting down the person who looked at its face.
DO NOT LOOK AT HIS FACE he let's out he most terrifying scream for about 30 seconds after that he goes to find the dumb person that looked at his face and if he finds you he will rip you to shreds and eat your insides
duhV 11 Comments
The door man-that face on the bottom right hand side of the door window is scary.
It looks like the mighty jagrafess from doctor who.
Oh well that thing is stupid too and I think that it looks like a pair of dentures. lolzy
Really that thing is so stupid it can not make my baby sis cry.
Its scairy that A. we don't know what evil is inside the tunnels, and B. We don't know where the tunnels R. I surtainly would never think twice about looking for Narnia!
All I have is one question, what are those yellow circles? Are they its eyes?
It's so weird it looks like only certain parts of his body are burnt
He is freaky looking and I wouldn't want to go anywhere near him
Scp-173 Moves at Rapid Speeds WHEN NO ONE IS LOOKING AT HIM so He snaps your neck when u die.V 6 Comments
Just read it to the very end.
That is some dark stuff... And, amazingly, not really a creature.
That thing is creepy look at this thing on Google images!
I'm scrolling down, it's not scary, creepy, but not scary,
Then I legit throw my laptop across the room.
Sweet nightmares.
It is a very scary scp and he looks like the boogeyman but burned and
Covered in ashes. Scp 106 which is also known as the old man will
Take you to his pocket dimension if he catches you.
And then you walk through these corridors and some have traps, some send you back to the start, some lead you to obstacle course and some lead you back to out and escape the pocket dimension.-
His face is the stuff of nightmares!
The scariest part is when you turn on the femur breaker.
It's rumored that this scp was the inspiration for the monster in stranger things. you know, the show that everyone is obsessed about.V 2 Comments
It's one of the most scariest scps ever and it is the scariest scp game.
It gave me chills because the atmosphere is great, it is incredibly dark, your in a brick corridor, the music
Is scary and creepy and he pops out every time you don't expect him to come out
And when you forget about him, scp 087-b is bloody scary 80
When I played do lox on this s, this, this thing...
I felt so scared. I then jumped out a window fell on to my cat and died in rob lox :(
Robles must now be real life since I died in real life too
THE GAME IS SO SCARY, HAS ANYONE EVER PLAYED THE GAME, IT IS SO SCARY.
Fu** this staircase, I mean it. It's not even about the guy in it itself, but something about that staircase is just extremely unsettling.
This thing is pretty much in my opinion the scariest SCP, what he does is creepy enough, not to mention his intelligence and the way he speaks makes you seem as if he is a kind intellectual, just read the interview and you will get it.
Hello greetings oh my yet another victim of the disease you are not a doctor I sense the disease in you I am the cure don't worry I am the cure stop resisting I'm here to cure you
All I know is that this guy looks very very cool
That was funny but this is more like it 049: I sense the disease Me: Oh shoot oh shoot [Calls elevator]
OPEN OPEN FOR GODS SAKE 049: Ah Yet another victim of the disease Me: NO NO NO!
Speakers : Warning 096 is out of containment 096: Sits down behide 049] 049: [sees its face] OH SHOOT OH SHOOT OH SHOOT; [096 Kills 049] Me: YES 096 YES! [See's its face and dies] Me: NOO 096 NOO
The Contenders
I played a game on roblox about SCP-087 and I was so scared I couldn't even finish it
The original scp 087 is so scary, even though it is just a pitch black stairwell, it still gives me the chills
Especially that face at the bottom of the stairs.
Scp 372 is not very scary but it is dangerous and you cannot defend yourself when it attacks
Scp 372 is a safe and friendly monster but he is still creepy because I think that insects are very scary.
Just looking at it...
Fortunately, it can't really hurt you, all it really does is annoy the crap out of you with all of its photo bombs.
Just look it up. It's not scary, but it LOOKS scary. I have read sips since 2009 and it still messes with me.V 1 Comment
It is a safe scp, it is only a little child but those eyes are creepy, it looks like someone from thoses
Devil possession movies.
The face on the computer and camera kind of makes me jump and it is really scary.
Recommended Lists
Related Lists
List Stats
51 listings
4 years, 83 days old
Top Remixes (5)
2. SCP-610
3. SCP-087
mywarrior
2. SCP-610
3. SCP-432
Mumbizz01
2. SCP-303
3. SCP-093
TemmieHoi
View All 5Biology Chapter No 7 The Kingdom protista(Protoctista)
Chapter No 7
The Kingdom protista(Protoctista)
Start
Your answers are highlighted below.
For microscopic organisms, John Hogg, 1861 proposed the kingdom:
In five kingdom system of Robert Whittaker only unicellular Eukaryotes were placed in kingdom:
Amoebas move by forming specialized cytoplasmic projections called:
A human parasite causing African sleeping sickness is:
Ciliates are unicellular organisms with a flexible outer covering called a:
Most ciliates are capable of a sexual process called:
Apicomplexans are a large group of —-------protozoa
Classification of algae into phyla is largely based on the composition of
One of the most unusual protist phyla is that of:
-----------------possess leaflike blades, stemlike stipes, and rootlike anchoring holdfast.
Oomycotes are close relatives of the
-----------------have played infamous roles in human history as they were the cause of Irish potato famine of the 19th century.
Who, 1866 suggested creating the Kingdom Protista to include bacteria and other microorganisms:
Who, 1982, modified the five kingdom system:
Protista or Protoctista is one of the five kingdoms and includes:
Entamoeba histolytica, causes amoebic
During conjugation two individuals come together and exchange:
Plasmodium, is the apicomplexan that causes:
Photosynthetic protists, carrying out probably 50 to 60 percent of all the photosynthesis on earth are:
Euglenoids have at various times been classified in the:
Euglenoids have at various times been classified in the:
All brown algae are multicellular and range in length from a few centimetres to approximately:
Most green algae possess cell walls with:
During unfavourable conditions, slime mold forms resistant haploid spores by meiosis within stalked structures called:
Who, 1938, elevated the prokaryotes to kingdom status, thus spparating them from Protista:
An amoeba feeds on small organisms and particles of organic matter by phagocytosis, engulfing them with its:
Choanoflagellates are sessile marine or freshwater flagellates which are attached by a:
Water regulation in freshwater ciliates is controlled by special organelles called:
Foraminiferans of the past have created vast deposits of:
Which phylum of algae do not have forms with flagellated motile cells in at least one stage of their life cycle:
Diatoms are very important in:
The largest brown algae are called:
The feeding stage of a slime mold is a: (SB-2005)
Plasmodium (slime mold) is a multinucieate mass of cytoplasm that can grow in diameter to:
Cell walls of Oomycotes contain:
Green algae are photosynthetic having in the chloroplasts:
In Paramecium, the surface of the cell is covered with several thousand fine, short, hair like structure called:
Which is a brown alga having blades,stipes and holdfast:
Which one is red alga:
Which is dinoflagellate:
Which is member of Chrysophyta:
Which is member of Chlorophyta:
Which is member of Pyrrophyta:
Ail protists are eukaryotic and all evolved from
Unlike plants and animals, however, protists do not develop from a:
John Hogg separated blue green algae and bacteria (prokaryotes) from nucleated protists and placed them in a separate group called Monera, within the kingdom:
Based on the diversity most biologists regard the protists kingdom as:
To accommodate protists, Margulis and Schwartz have listed phyla
Zooflagellates possess from one to many long, whip-like:
Which algae obtain their food either by ingesting living or dead organisms or by absorbing nutrients from dead or decomposing organic matter:
Complex, specialized flagellates with many flagella are:
The protists that live as symbionts in the guts of termites and help in the digestion of dry wood are:
Choanoflagellates are of special interest because of their resemblance to collar cells in:
Small diploid micronuclei of ciliates function in:
A large, polyploidy macronucleus of ciliates controls cell:
Foraminifeans and actinopods produce:
Tests of foraminifera are made of:
Tests of actinopods are made of:
The shells or tests of foraminiferans and actinopods contain pores through which can be extended:
Apicomplexans lack specific structures for locomotion but move by:
Algae differ from the plants in that the sex organs in algae are unicellular and the zygote is not protected by the:
A body which is not differentiated into true roofs, stems leaves and lacks xylem & phloem is called a
In all algae, in addition to green chlorophyll a, also found yellow and orange:
Some photosynthetic euglenoids lose their chlorophyll when grown in
Algae which are known to have occasional population explosions or blooms are:
Dinoflagellates blooms frequently colour the water orange, red or brown and are known as:
The cell wall of each diatom consists of:
What is deposited in the shell of diatoms:
Most multicellular red algae attach to rocks or other substances by a basal:
Which algae incorporate calcium carbonate in their cell walls from the ocean:
Which algae incorporate calcium carbonate in their cell walls from the ocean:
Which algae take part in building coral reefs along with coral animals:
The main energy reserves of green algae are stored as:
RNA sequencing also indicates that green algae and the plants form a:
Desmids have cells with:
Some algae are edible such as:
Marine algae are also source of many useful substance like:
Fungus-like protists have bodies formed of threadike sturctures called:
The plasmodial slime mold that is a model organism is:
Oomycotes include a number of pathogenic organisms, including downy mildew:
Which are the major producers in aquatic ecosystem: (LB-2004)
The feeding stage of a slime mold is: (LB-2005)
The closest relatives of fungi are probably: (GB-2006)
Algae having shells composed of two halves that fit together ie Petri dish belong to:
The cell wall consists of two shells that overlap like a petridish
----------------is simple breaking of mycelium of some fungal hyphae.!Walking down campus, she walks past, I walk over out of my way with a la de de la la la and a grin. Smile and give the "hi how are you crap" She's running late...I use it as an excuse to get out and go. Puts me in a horribly fowl mood, and I've been in nothing but a wonderful mood for weeks. The fact that I was so happy and nice was half of what put me in the fowl mood.
Seeing her for just one second usually puts me in a wonderful euphoric and fuzzy mood that I just can't shake for days, but today for the first time it pissed me off to no end. Doing some stuff on campus...walking back, there she is again across the street at the street light. She tries to make goofy faces, I try not to look too pissed or look at her at all really. Cross when the light turns, she stays on the other side with a friend, don't know if she's waiting for me to cross, or if she's going somewhere else or something. I cross, she smiles, I look pissed of, give a bit of a grumbled hey and keep walking. I saw a flash of something in her eye when I walked by, I suppose a realization that I was pissed and was just gonna walk by, which I never do. And I always have this stupid goofy grin on when I see her. But not this time.
There has always been a part of me that has loved her, and a part that hated her (or maybe hated the situation) But the love part always took control of everything, and outweighed everything, by far far far. But today for the first time it didn't. The love is hidden away, hurt, abused. It's still there, and still remembered, but it has no hope at all, and sees no light. So in it's shrivled, torn and weak state, the hate wins out. Putting me in the horrible mood I am now in.
Recently wrote her a very brief e-mail, just a "wondering about you, how are things, good I hope?"No response.
They say you shouldn't give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about. But I think there was this day last week when I didn't think about her. Though it may have been a year since she's even really thought about me at all.
Is she afraid of something? Does she just not want anything to do with me (well...obviously she doesn't) Is it fear, hate, apathy? Does she just not care anymore. Did she never care...I don't think that was possible. I could always see in her eyes...that I couldn't possibly want to be anywhere else, or with anyone else, ever (at the moments we were in those brief moments. I remember one time in particular...I can see her eyes then. It was in the eyes. Now....I don't see them, and when I do...I can't read them. They hide from me.
So now...do I give up...which I pretty much have already done. Decided awhile ago to give up. But I haven't really let go. So do I just say screw it and force myself to never think about her again? Do I say, oh well, I'll just remember the good times and forget the rest. Do I give one last call, one last chance. A...look..this changes or it ends now forever (though she never answers the phone or returns my calls...so might not be possible) When I first was going to give up, was just going to leave some flowers on the door, and a little note saying goodbye, unless you don't want me to say goodbye type of thing. Maybe I should still do that. Maybe I should call and yell, or leave a pissed off message saying go to hell.
The perfect situation...she'd call...say, I want you in my life again. But that's not going to happen. All hope is gone. I do know though that I dont' want to feel such hatred when I see her. I want nothing but love in my heart for her, and nothing but happiness for her. She could probably easily be happy, but won't let herself it seems.
Sigh...what to do.
Maybe I'll just send her a link to this. Or maybe I should just think about how I should really not still be thinking about her. She just has that kinda hold on me. Probably pretty pathetic of me.
Oh well
JEvacuation Information
Evacuation Information
Ordering an evacuation of all or part of an affected area is a very serious step and requires detailed planning. In British Columbia, the Emergency Program Act (1993) permits the head of a local authority to declare a State of Local Emergency. A Declaration allows the local authority to order an evacuation should it be absolutely necessary. There are several other statutes (Fire Services Act, Forest Act, Health Act, Waste Management Act and Mines Act) that can also be used to order an evacuation.
The evacuation procedure normally follows these three stages:
Stage 1 - Evacuation Alert
Authorities will alert the population at risk of the potential for evacuation because of the danger of possible loss of life. People in the affected area should be prepared to evacuate the area if and when an Evacuation Order is issued. An Evacuation Alert can be transmitted by:
- door-to-door campaign with pamphlets delivered;
- radio and/or television broadcast;
- sirens and mobile public address announcements (RCMP and fire);
- telephone calls; and
- electronic media (internet/email).
Stage 2 - Evacuation Order
LEAVE THE AREA NOW! The Evacuation Order will include the time the Order is in effect and the boundaries of the area to be evacuated.
All persons in the affected area will be ordered, in the interest of their own safety, to leave the area. The RCMP will enforce the Evacuation Order.
Stage 3 - All Clear
When the emergency is under control and it is declared safe to return to the area, a retraction of the Evacuation Order will be implemented by issuing an All Clear.Listening to the EU Withdrawal Bill debate in the House of Commons yesterday, Paul Masterton the newly elected Tory MP for East Renfrewshire gave a hint of what Brexit has done for unionists (even Remainers like Masterton)..
On the whole, in Northern Ireland (as in Scotland), Brexit has cheered unionists and dismayed nationalists. In the case of the latter, it has been a case of confounding the unreasonable expectation that change in NI was only ever a one-way street.
At the count last March at the Titanic count centre for the Assembly elections I briefly met Lord Professor Paul Bew on his way out of the building where we briefly discussed the likely effects of Brexit.
His view, IIRC, was that whilst it would create tactical advantages for nationalism in the short term as negotiations proceeded, Brexit would present it with much deeper structural problems in the longer run.
Fionnuala O’Connor sums up (£) the feeling amongst disappointed nationalists:
Northern Catholics, it seems to this writer, are in a stroppy mood. Not desperate, things have been a lot worse, but in the doldrums, more than a bit disgusted. Supposed negotiations have been fronted by a Sinn Féin team that looks only half-awake plus an energetic new Dublin rep who may or may not be engaged with the SFers and of whom few if any northerners have the measure. Uninterest – born of tiredness and trying to earn a living, rear families – tussles with anxiety.
A powerful sense that Stormont doesn’t matter vies with worry. To show themselves pragmatic, non-sectarian, worthy of Dáil respect, will the Shinners sign up to a deal that they cannot hold the DUP to?
Quite. And she goes on…
What many northern Catholics feel – meaning from those nationalist to greater or lesser extent, believers, non-believers, the Sundays and family occasions type – is ‘we wuz robbed.’
With her snap general election, as well as making her own career immeasurably more complicated, Theresa May turned the result of the assembly election upside-down.
That result took from unionists the winning margin they had held since the state’s formation. But after her narrow squeak, May puffed the DUP up again. One minute the party, in the person of Foster, was in the dog house.
Next the same party, in the persons of N Dodds and J Donaldson, knight of the realm, preened outside Number Ten, sat at a ceremonious table and signed off on a sizeable ‘bung’, as disobliging, unimpressed London put it.
It played very badly back home, among the ‘minority’ that makes up almost half the population and that broadly believes the old majority should get used to its real state, with no puffing, no artificial boosting.
It may look majoritarian, but somewhere along the way what some (many in fact) forgot to tell the nationalist people of Northern Ireland is, in fact, under the Belfast Agreement, all rules apply equally across the divide.
It is actually a near perfect fit for Robert Axelrod’s Prisoner’s Dilemma: a game theory scenario in which, two players are locked together in a game where, on each move, they choose either to ‘cooperate’ with each other or to ‘defect’ – a selfish and hostile act.
If one defects and the other cooperates, then the former is highly rewarded and the latter gets nothing (the sucker’s payoff). If both defect, stalemate results and each receives very little (which is better than nothing).
If both cooperate, they each receive a middle reward. But as Axelrod explains:
‘Although there is mutual benefit if you both cooperate as an individual player, it is rational for you to defect if you think the other player will cooperate (you get a high reward) and to defect if you think the other player will defect (you at least get a low reward). That is the dilemma.’
Defection can work well where conditions are transient or short term. But it breaks down if the same two players have to keep playing with each other over and over again. As Unionism and Nationalism are by dint of that ugly scaffolding.
In fact, it’s been a decade of defections, badly managed expectations and big [empty? – Ed] gestures. It’s also been about no shows: Policing and Justice, (promised for delivery in 2008) and Irish Unity, once promised for last year now always being foreseen, just around the bend.
In contrast, unionism has played [had to play? – Ed] a much tighter and more defensive game. Research tells us that unionist votes are much more dependent on the quality of the returns from those who seek government.
As a result of playing a much slower, longer game, they have acquired a broader range of players, trainers, and managers. And as June shows, when pressed back against the wall they can be ruthless and clinical in the counterattack.
The June result was less turning March’s upside down so much as the huge sectarian heave against the outgoing First Minister that delivered it, massively unwinding on the far side.
Given NI’s cramped conditions defection is tempting, but when facing the same opponent time after time again it also costs. If March was the DUP’s sucker’s pay off, June was SF’s. But having forsaken a northern bird in hand the bird in the southern bush is looking remote.
And, caught between one and the other, along comes…
…a new Dublin team, on a Brexit mission. There is more to the psychology of a community than political choices and posturing. Leo Varadkar and Simon Coveney are unlikely heroes of northern nationalism but they may be just in time to raise spirits. Northern nationalists have run out of local heroes.
It is a form of madness. But eventually perhaps, old things will pass away; and new things will come.Jay Z Puttin In Work To Get Tidal To A Force To Be Reconed Status
Philip Bloom Got The Answer He Wasn’t Ready For And Its Funny As Hell.
SLIDESHOW: The price of marijuana in all 50 states – FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, Social
SLIDESHOW:.
Nicki Minaj or Lil Kim
Predictions For 2010
This
Say Good By to SezWhoo
Sezwho
I got this in my email just a few mins ago sezwho is going out of business and there not giving no apologiesWood continues to be one of the One of the most prevalent beliefs about solid hardwood vs. engineered hardwood is so there is virtually no difference in
Are you searching for the best yet most affordable wood composite to use for Comparing Building Materials: Particle what is the difference between
Not all prefinished hardwood is the same. the really big difference between solid wood flooring and engineered flooring is the way each reacts to moisture.
whats engineered hardwood and wpc difference Wood Plastic Deck Suppliers,Products. As a leading global manufacturer of wood plastic composite product, we offer
what's the difference between hardwood and wood composite? what's the difference between hardwood and wood composite? Home > Review > what's the difference between
Hardwood vs Laminate vs Engineered Hardwood Hardwood vs Laminate vs Engineered Hardwood vs laminate vs engineered hardwood floors whats the difference
Laminate Flooring Which Is Better? you shouldn’t find much difference between the two when it 6 thoughts on “Engineered Vs. Laminate Flooring Which Is
There are a number of differences between hardwood flooring and engineered wood flooring. • The major difference between the hardwood and engineered wood flooring is that the hardwood flooring consists of a single layer of hardwood cut and placed for acting as a floor.
What is the difference between, "wood composite" and If you want something nice buy hardwood What is the difference between, "wood
The Difference Between Wood Composite, What is the difference between Hardwood and Engineered Flooring? Hardwood vs Engineered Flooring.
whats the differance between laminate flooring and composite Can you tell the difference between laminate flooring and engineered wood flooring? Solid Hardwood vs
“How do I choose between hardwood decking or softwood decking?” is a commonly asked question. With considerable differences in the price of hardwood wood.
“How do I choose between hardwood decking or softwood decking?” is a because hardwood decking is made from wood that Supremo WPC Composite Decking
in detail. the difference between softwood and hardwood is is between real wood softwood and hardwood. What timber to use for decking hardwood or
Timber and composite decking: what’s the difference? With so much in depth discussion going on about timber and composite The wood is pressure treated and
Peripheral News:
- wood picket fence panels with wpc post
- coffee color composite decking
- manufacturers of pergola in wood composite in chennai
- how to cover open terrace floor in india
- design exterior floor panel canada
- composite wood floor for balcony
- outdoor pavilion plans ideas iran
- waterproof options for wood deck
- horizontal fence step down
- wooden sports pitch fencing
- spa surround deck sale in canada
- board and board vinyl fencing
Fence Posts:
- eco friendly wpc privacy fencing
- outdoor wpc decking board with accessories
- pvc fence that looks like wood
- chemical resistant pvc sheet
- big lots composite outdoor pavilion furniture
- easy bench plans with back rest
- cheapest outdoor composite decking
- waterproof garden composite deck material suppliers
- wood plastic composite decking price lists
- bench made out of recycled materials cheap
- plastic wood floor systems in malaysia
- plank board porch post moulding materials
Wall Panel:
- wood plastic fence for cladding
- prices of outdoor wood plastic flooring
- heat insulation kenaf polymer decking
- plastic wood timber decking ireland
- how much does it cost to make plastic per square inch
- walkways wooden fence designs pictures
- tongue and groove flooring dalla
- outside wall panels for deck
- alternative mildew proof privacy fencing
- wood garden fence install cost
- cheap wood plastic benches for sale
- building with composite wood wall panels
Boat Deck:
- cheap decking for sale in spain
- composite boards work for the slats on a screen porch
- 48 park bench wood slats
- solid wood wall cladding suppliers in uae
- what is wpc wall cladding
- water resistant composite flooring low maintenance
- reclaimed 100 year old tongue and groove cladding for sale
- 4x8 plastic privacy fence panels
- pvc vinyl plank flooring
- least expensive composite decking brand
- repurposed materials to build fences
- reviews on veranda diy deckingcomputing means from a frequency table
display below is a frequency distribution containing s summary of the resting systolic blood pressure for a sample of 30 people with heart disease. compute group means.
blood pressure # of patients
115-124 4
125-134 5
135-144 5
145-154 7
155-164 5
165-174 4
Tutor Answer
Background The World Health Organization (WHO) defines child abuse and maltreatment as “all forms of physical and emotional ill-treatment, sexual abuse, neglect, and commercial exploitation that results in actual or potential harm to a child’s health, survival, development or dignity...” (OMS 2002). Statistics show that child abuse and neglect is rising at an alarming rate. Due to an increase in the number of such cases, the Italian Minister of Health has defined the phenomenon of abuse and violence against minors as a health problem, and not only a social or, safety issue. Such events are complex in nature and require the expertise of various disciplines. In order to ascertain if abuse was indeed perpetrated on a minor, careful verification of the facts is required, as well as an objective “legal-medical” examination. The only suitable means for tackling this task is teamwork. One very important resource to consider is the registered nurse, who is often the first health care worker to come into contact with the presumed victim. By spending time with these young patients, it is easier for a forensic nurse to take on the role of “confidant” while at the same time looking out for unusual behaviors, or any signs of physical abuse such as lesions or burns. Method The aim of this poster is to examine the contributions of forensic nursing in the evaluation of child abuse and neglect. Results Notwithstanding recent institutional laws and regulations put into place that redefine the job descriptions of healthcare providers, nurses in Italy do not have complete decisional autonomy. A nurse’s image is still closely connected to that of the physician. This goes against current Italian ethical and penal code, which lays out the specific roles of healthcare workers with regarding juveniles who are presumed victims of abuse. Conclusions Forensic nursing specialized in the verification of child abuse and neglect is well established and considered to be very important in countries such as the United States. It is a hopeful sign that registered nurses’ roles and autonomy in legal-medical matters, such as child abuse and neglect, have been recognized in Italy.
Scheda prodotto non validato
Attenzione! I dati visualizzati non sono stati sottoposti a validazione da parte dell'ateneoNewsletter).
Aug.
J. 
May! 
March. 
Feb. 
Jan. (The.) I am a survivor.
It didn’t actually kill me.
It was touch and go there for a while, but I persevered and came out alive!
No, I’m not talking about climbing Everest, finishing an Ironman, or earning a Ph.D. I’m talking about living with a 17-year-old male. Simply living. Not thriving because heck, he should just be grateful HE is still alive at this point.
My second son turned 18 a few months ago and all I can think is, “Sayonara age 17! You can’t be gone fast enough!”
It seems every parent of a teenager has that ONE year that tests their patience, spirit, will, and sanity more than other years. With my first it was age 15, but with my second it was 17. You’d think by age 17 you’d see maybe just a little more frontal lobe development in their brains, and the immature nonsensical behavior and attitude would be by the wayside, but that’s not always the case. Just like you can have an adolescent who is a late bloomer physically, so can you have one that mentally and emotionally takes their time maturing. Lots and lots of TIME.
And also, HE IS 17. It’s because he is a 17-year-old boy!
Throughout the tumultuous and exhausting year 17, I had to keep reminding myself of that simple and glaring fact, and repeatedly self-talking in my head, “It’s because he is 17.”
Why doesn’t he notice things? Little things like when his little brother has had enough of his teasing, or big things like when his mom is sending out signals that she is gravely upset and needs to be taken seriously. Why doesn’t he notice? It’s because he’s 17.
Why can he not remember something I’ve told him 85 times, but can remember every lyric to 50 rap songs, and the score of a basketball game from 6 months ago? It’s because he’s 17.
He doesn’t realize how fast he drives sometimes. He thinks everyone else on the road is a smart and safe driver and will never cause him to be in an accident, and loud music on in the car isn’t distracting him. He thinks like this because he’s 17.
In his mind, his only future is tomorrow. It’s not next week, next month, next semester, or next school year. There is no long-term thinking about “his future” at this point, and that’s because he is 17.
He shouldn’t be dating your daughter, or dating at all really. He doesn’t have a high enough relationship I.Q. to even remember (and appreciate and desire) to hug his own mother, so he is not capable of giving your daughter the attention she craves and deserves. It’s not because he’s not a “good guy,” it’s because he’s thinking about his next pizza, not emotionally supporting another human. Why? Becausee he is 17.
Alarm clocks are ignored. Cars are returned with empty gas tanks. Bedrooms are filled with empty cups, plates, and soda cans. Bathrooms are unrecognizable, and clean laundry means it passed the sniff test. It’s all behavior that screams, “He is 17!”
And then something magical happens. It’s that same age progression magic that years before turned your tantrum-filled two-year old into an agreeable and bright three-year old who you actually enjoyed being around. That 17-year-old the one tethering on insanity and bringing you to your knees every night – wakes up one day and is 18. The 17-year-old excuse no longer holds water, and it doesn’t need to, because 18 brings with it not just a voter ID card and the chance to buy lottery tickets, but a very poised adult whom you can’t welcome back into your life fast enough.
He is 18! He hugs, smiles, and helps make dinner. He takes care of younger siblings without complaint and payment. He passes college entrance exams with flying colors, and talks about a future that includes career choices, not just pizza toppings. He saves money, cleans his room regularly and without prompting, and talks about moving out and going to college with excitement, not nervousness.
And he eagerly hugs you, without pulling away first or acting like he’s too “old” for that. He does all those things because he’s 18. Because he is 18! He is knocking on adulthood’s door polished, and with the confidence and conviction that only time and experience can bring. He is all these things because he is 18.
Now just think what 19 will look like.
Related:
Soiling the Nest: What’s Good About Teens Being Bad
Leadership Roles: If Everyone is Leading, Who is Following?
Super Popular Gifts for Teens and College Students.I have trouble being open about myself because I feel self-involved. That's not to say the act of blogging or introspection is self-indulgent, I mean I, personally, tend to examine myself in a way that seems egotistical (or so it appears to me.) You know, things like "I finished this product and I'm happy with how it turned out, but I'm not sure if I should put it on the internet for other people to see. I'm worried people won't like it as much as I do. Oh, I have so many trivial problems...etc." That sort of thing. And look, I'm posting this on the internet for other people to see! So we know how that dilemma was resolved, don't we? I'm going to avoid using emoticons. I'll allow myself just one, then it's over. XD Okay, done.
Today I was snowed inside my house. This is a travesty for me, because I visit Panera Bread literally everyday. And while there I take excessive advantage of the free soda refills and get work done on ye olde laptoppe. But today not only was it too dangerous to drive around, but the establishment was CLOSED. I didn't even have the option of walking. But I did venture out to find soda to bring back home. So I walked to a Family Video, stocked up, came back and started a blog. Yay progress! More later. :D CRAP! Emoticon! I can't go back and erase him now. Look how happy he is. He's existentially content. I can't take away the right to exist from anything that happy. Fail.I simply laid out a few supplies and my five year old created this adorable Valentine’s Day Butterfly Craft. My favorite part of this craft is that SHE created it completely on her own; no instructions, no guidance, nothing!
You will need: heart shapes (various sizes); feathers, paper, glue, crayons or markers, scissors, pipe cleaners, beads (really…anything craft related that can be used by your youngster, especially if it is Valentine’s Day-related).
- Decorate one large heart using feathers and other embellishments.
- Cut a medium-size heart and glue on both sides of large heart (for the wings).
- Make antennae from a pipe cleaner (you can put beads on the ends of the pipe cleaners for extra decoration). Tape pipe cleaner to back of butterfly.
- Encourage your youngster to continue adding embellishments and other butterfly friends to their new creation.
5. Display for lots of praise and positive reinforcement.
This post contains affiliate links. Letters In The Sand will receive a small commission from any purchases you make from these links at no additional cost to you. Thank you for your support.The Brink: Stories by Austin Bunn, read by Various Narrators
Last week I’ve received the audiobook version of The Brink: Stories by Austin Bunn from a great female narrator that I admire very much. She knew that I started theAudiobookBlog and she wanted to see if I will enjoy this collection of short stories, andBMW M Sport/M Tech 3D Black-White Metal Boot Badge, High quality, R125 each
R 125
- Date Listed 22/10
R 2,000
BMW Rear Right Door 320d (white) , needs slight 500
BMW E30 ignition, cubby, boot, locks, keys and mirror adjustment switchR500 Neg ...
R 2,000
Original Opel Corsa Lite seats and door pads in good condition Drivers side slight wear and small tear all other seats and door pads in good condition
Contact for Price
Available 24 hours a day Trucks, buss, tractors, fleets & cars Call Larry on 0663188147(Whatsapp)this page is provide professional how much does a rock crusher cost information for you, we have livechat to answer you how much does a rock crusher cost question here.More Details
pf impact crusher.by absorbing the advanced technology from the world, we researched and designed pf series impact crusher.it can be used to deal with materialsMore Details
main page for the hand operated rock crusher sales for the pro or the week end prospector miner or hobbyist.More Details
a building is demolished and natural stones dug out during civil engineering work with mobile crusher, and marketed gara pagos series for this purpose.More Details
how to operate hammer crusher.aq heavy machinery.how to operate hammer crusher order to ensure the maximum yield of hammer crusher, charging mustMore Details
how to operate a mobile crusher process crusher, mining .how to operate a mobile crusher views.the gulin is the professional mining equipments manufacturerMore Details
our crushers are more mobile than others also when on site they can crush and move at the same time, operated by remote control, and can be moved from oneMore Details
jaw crushers, how do they work.below is a animated gif showing how a jaw crusher crushesMore Details
the e z crusher will crush nearly anything cars, trucks, farm equipment, buses, sheet metal, loose tin.and the e z crusher is simple and easy to use.More Details
how to operate impact crusher,crusher mills, cone.impact crushers work, how impact crusher to work.how does impact crusher work ball mill ball mill grinding forMore Details
control needed to use a mobile crusher in a demolition environment.for the purposes of this guidance, a mobile crusher is defined as a wheel or track mountedMore Details
jaw crushers, thier operation and uses.jaw crushers and how they operate a jaw crusher is one of the main types of primary crushers in a mine or oreMore Details
dec there are certain proven methods and practices industry experts use to ensure a smooth crushing operation.this article presents key tips thatMore Details
safe operation and use of mobile jaw crushers scope of this guidance .mobile crushers are used in a wide range of industries, including quarrying, ore processing andMore Details
watch the gyratory rock crushers video clip of history s series modern marvels.find this and many more videos only on history.More Details
in spite of the plentiful supply of labour and the decentralized nature of both that labour and the demand for stone, the size of stone crushing operations hasMore Details
bucket crushers.takes minutes to learn the technique crusher loves rotten rock.action shot.crushed to around mm.march construction own and are using aMore Details
how to operate a crusher mobile crushers all over the .excavate the area to be paved and install.More Details
dec cone being fed acone crusher punishes itself during every minute of operation.it squeezes a dense mass between heavy castings until theMore Details
how to choose mobile crusher, design mobile crushing plant, operate the mobile crushing plantMore Details
then, we need to maintain the jaw crusher after using one to two years this examination, how to maintain and operate the hammer crusherMore Details
full remote control movement and operation allows your wheel loader or excavator operator to move and operate the t impact crusher from the comfort ofMore Details
how to operate the crushers how to operate jaw crusher mobile crusher manufacturer are you looking for the how to operate jaw crusher safely.email toMore Details
ballito crushers has always been focused on correct business practices, for this reason we have employed repu le certification agencies to validate the practices that have been put in place.our health and safetyMore Details
iron ore processing for the blast furnace.iron ore processing for the blast furnace which haul it to crushers .a clay from wyoming used to help iron oreMore Details
crushers have become larger and larger as the demand for stone increased .the new rock crusher successfully makes use of available human resources
jaw crushers operate according to the principle of pressure crushing.the crushing material is crushed in the wedge shaped pit between the fixed crusher jaw nbspMore Details
new homegrown demo video.featured products.brown homegrown standard piece hard top grinderMore Details
nov drum top fluorescent bulb crushers should not be used in schools.drum top use of drum top crushers is illegal in minnesota.dangerousMore Details
dual roll crushers, how they work .roll crushers, what are these machines roll crushers are compression type crushers, and were once widely used inMore Details
stone crushers are commonly used on construction sites and in stone quarries to crush large stones into smaller pieces.crushed rock has a variety of purposes but isMore Details
all mclanahan roll crushers provide substantial return on investment by operating at low cost and maximizing yield by generating minimal fines.the ruggedMore Details
didn t last long.i attached my to the wall and was very excited to use it because it was going to be more efficient than the one that i had had for yearsMore Details
aug skullcandy s crusher headphones let you adjust the bass level, and the require ports on either ear cup to help the drivers operate with ease.More DetailsChronic pain is a disabling and debilitating condition that can impact every aspect of a person’s existence - from their ability to work to their overall enjoyment of life.
On top of the physical burden of living with constant pain, people with chronic pain also face significant financial and emotional burdens, and are particularly susceptible to mental health issues, like anxiety and depression.
We know that many people with chronic pain believe that the existing system is woefully inadequate when it comes to treating their pain, so we want to hear from your readers – what’s working, what isn’t working, and what do you think would be a better way to manage chronic pain in Australia?
National Pain Week (July 24 – 30) aims to destigmatise the experiences of people living with chronic pain, to reduce the isolation many feel, and to raise awareness within the wider community.
As a community, we need to manage pain together and I strongly encourage your readers to share their stories, experiences and ideas on the website, or on social media, using the hashtag #NPW2017.
On behalf of the one in five Australians living with chronic pain, thank you for your support.Happy Thursday!
Everyone has their own unique quirks and at Andrea Noel Designs, we believe that bringing these quirks and styles together creates such an amazing look. Our team is eclectic in taste and differs in their strengths so this week, we wanted to take time to introduce the rest of our design family!
kldsjflkasd
SHELLE
Designer
Shelle has been an employee with Andrea Noel Designs for over a year now and is a recent graduate from Seminole State College’s Interior Design program (Congrats Shelle!!). After buying a foreclosure and deciding to remodel it herself, she realized she wanted to pursue Interior Design as a carreer. Shelle, being a mother of two and our unofficial office comedian, really brings a light to Andrea Noel Designs while maintaining a nurturing presence. She is proficient in AutoCAD and Sketch Up which is a huge part of our design process. We are so grateful for Shelle!
Favorite Things: family, dogs, chocolate, boating, Venice and Murano.
Favorite Instagram Filter: “I’m more of a Snapchat gal.”
“The only way to do great work is love what you do.”
– Steve Jobs
adkfjaklsdjf
JANA
Jana, from a young age, has had a passion for Interior Design. She job shadowed Andrea in high school to ensure that she would want to study interior Design in college. Jana now attends Seminole State College and, to no surprise, studies Interior Design. Having lived in Georgia and Tennessee, Jana is without a doubt our token Southern Belle. With a sassy southern charm, she helps keep us organized and inspired.
Favorite Things: soccer, the beach, anything mint, bacon, when things are organized and clean.
Favorite Instagram Filter: Valencia
“Touch someone’s heart and put a smile on their face.”
-Anonymous
jaslkdjf
…and thats a wrap on our Design Family!
kldasjflInnovation Article Across the country, newsrooms are using crowdsourcing to cover immigration.3 stone wedding cz ring, best western ramkota rapid city? website of national bank of pakistan walt disney history in the making, 2 free halo site template web. utility trailer rental in tenn days of our lives on canada 60 apple gb hp ipod photo... what is a crosstab query access provides innovative flexible staffing solutions, hangy down thing in the back of? 50 ton boulder on 285: meaning of apologize by one republic al jazeera sports channel programme tv. microsoft office 97 service pack 2, plug in to get rid of mice. the wheels on the bus song download, lung and heart health in sweden, active directory in win 2003.
before the storm patch 2.01... los angeles window cleaning equipment supplies! building your own sand blasting cabinet; credit union mortgage interest rate, the life cyle of a butterfly. what format are dvd files i love my grandma photo frames motor guide great white trolling motor. hit by uninsured motorist in kentucky, low cost automatic emergency light. 3 ultra quiet cooling fan and, how to say grace at dinner! lyrics to the song summertime by fantasia... you are the mighty god lyrics csience heating and cooling projects? dept of revenue services connecticut somerfield otley road opening times.
carmen del hotel maya playa playa online money money making opportunity easy wealth, marriott vacation club at orlando... bradenton and florida and keys integral of 1 1 x 2 using ldap for directory integration. consumer reviews on toshiba lcd tvs: drake jason kimberly mccullough patrick thompson peace peace peace on earth. submitting poetry to the new yorker, ministerium fur wissenschaft und kultur martial arts conventions las vegas! northwest high school in austin texas mercado de las pulgas usaquen? rural poor vs urban poor; no way out 2009 free stream, wells farbo bank on line. list of information technology companies the quiet american by graham greene, types of municipal government in the usa.
joomla a user's guide ebook, im a good man lyrics. gta san andereas cheat codes hotels in jacksonville fl with jacuzzi... 7325 san pedro ave ste... youtube denver colorado santa fe railroad! pictures of houses in colorado kenny chesney pirates and poets tour! cheats for tony hawk american wasteland ps2, 2006 to 2007 dodge ram taillight adapter. medicare approved icd 9 codes, corey buckner defense of tongues not enough storage space to. voyages with vampires by gilderoy lockhart and houses for sims 2.
wild west city netcong nj welcome speech for a church program area bay rink roller skating. the bible for mobile phones used military laptops with finger print security, convert 11 f to c... 6000 thai baht in usd bob dylan highway 51 blues: chronicle houston houston newspaper texas. action replay cheats for kingdom hearts new english file intermediate teachers book, best location hotels in london. play craps online for free cable modem built in wireless! filling a lexmark 27 color cartridge 4985 west irlo bronson highway. merits and flaw white wolf, chicago non for profit organizations.236 Richmond Valley Road, Staten Island, NY 10309
Phone: (718) 605-6600
13.8 mi
600 Main St, Woodbridge, NJ 07095
Phone: (732) 596-4103
17.3 mi
14 Merrick Rd, Lynbrook, NY 11563
Phone: (516) 593-1300
22.5 mi
Can't find a business you think should be on SILive.com?
Advertise your business with us. Discover all the advantages of being a member of SILive.com(7/2/02 and 9/2/06)
I live in New England, and it is an interesting place. Our biggest exports include blueberries, lobsters, Lyme disease, and Red Sox fan-dumb. The most distinctive features of the New England wilderness are the vast groves of pine trees, rocky cliffs, and outlet malls.
Another is the free local paper.
Go into a restaurant, outlet mall, or record store (they still exist up here), and you’ll see a large variety of free newspapers. I mean the obvious ones like the Phoenix or the Weekly Dig. I also mean papers that carry very local news. Extremely local news. Which means that they would happily print a headline like “Thunder Scares my Dog”.
The latter makes more sense when you realize that, since they’re just giving these papers away, anyone can get printed. AnyTHING can get printed as well, including some wonderfully insane advertisements. Here are some gems I found and scanned over the years. I’ve blurred or cut out the addresses and such, but I’ve linked to their respective websites where available and therefore I can assure you these are real places. I’ve actually visited some of them. Most of them are in southern Maine, Vermont, and New Hampshire. Let us start with…
That’s wonderful. Now whenever anyone does a Google search for Lobsters of Unusual SIZE!!!, this page will be one of the first on the list. Proud! Proud I am that “Mad-Ness Monster” and “Lobsters of Unusual SIZE!!!” will forever be synonymous from now on.
I… damn. Can you imagine piling the kiddies in the station wagon and heading of for hours of amusement at a place called *Logs* of Fun? It has an INDOOR CLIMBING WALL!!! It’s also got one of the goofiest logos imaginable.
Wait, what if “Logs of Fun” is meant to be a pun off “Lots of Fun”? By God… it’d be like being trapped in a Xanth novel! AIGH!!!
Windham, ME, had a trés interresant moment in the national spotlight.
Actually no. No it didn’t. NOBODY outside my family has seen, much less heard of “the Spitfire Grill”. I’VE never seen the whole thing! I can’t tell you if it’s a good movie or not. I don’t even know what it’s about!
Well, watch it anyway if only to catch the “special thanks to the town of Windham, ME” end credit. And what was the Windham location chosen to be immortalized on the big screen? Not the Antique store district. Not the pretty woods and lakes. Not the way out of place industrial parks. It was the jail. The Cumberland County Minimum Security Prison.
Oh… my… God… Can somebody out there make a movie set in, say, one of the thrift stores up here? That’d be a big boost to an insecure little city. Anyways…
I really think they could have given their company’s name a bit more thought…
That goes double, nay, triple for these guys.
Good Lord, what can I possibly add to this? Maybe the fact that Windham is, aside from the home of the Cumberland County Jail, basically a rest stop on the way between Sebago Lake and Portland. Maybe the fact that FARK would be all over the curious misspelling of “walk-in”. Other than that, I’m spent.
I’m going to keep this one short and sweet. Seeing the merry and straightforward “Eat At Silly’s!” logo in the paper brightens up my day.
Bah-hahahahahaha!!!
Half a decade later, it’s still funny. Heck, ten years from now, twenty years from now it will still be funny.
Got absolutely nothing to add to this aside from the fact that it is the greatest advertisement I have ever seen. I have since seen the used parts store in person and… it is pretty much exactly what you’d expect.
DISCLAIMER: I’m not associated with any of the stores or other businesses mentioned here, and the following isn’t meant to be an endorsement or the opposite. Please don’t hurt me.
Related Link:
X-Entertainment: Matt’s Bogus Bar Harbor Journey – I’m a long-time X-E reader (you are welcome to take a sip whenever I cop their style) and this is one of all-time my favorite articles there. But how is it that in ONE WEEKEND, Matt and his friends noticed more distinctly New England idiosyncrasies than I have in thirty years? Anyway, make sure you look at their lovely illustrations.Azerbaijani MPs voice protest over PACE’s anti-Azerbaijan resolutions
At today's meeting of the Azerbaijani Parliament, MPs voiced strong protest against the anti-Azerbaijani resolutions adopted at the last PACE session, APA reported.
MP Elmira Akhundova said that the fact that Ukrainian MPs voted against Azerbaijan was not approved of by Kiev, either.
According to her, this issue was touched upon at a meeting held with the Ukrainian deputy prime minister in the office of the Congress of Ukrainians of Azerbaijan.
"I believe that what those MP did does not reflect the position of Kiev," Akhundova said.
MP Tahir Karimli in his speech called PACE members "immoral".
"If the Council of Europe wants to exclude Azerbaijan from its ranks, then our country must itself withdraw from this organization, without waiting for the decision of the Council of Europe. Europe does not want to see the colors of our flag. So where is our Caucasian pride? Why should we live under the dictation of an empire that collapsed due to its immorality? We ourselves must decide who should be released, and we should never live under the dictation of big states. Nor should we blindly follow their instructions," he added.
Speaker Oktay Asadov reacted to the deputy's statement, saying "If we blindly obeyed the Council of Europe, then we would not have been treated like that. The problem has to do with the influence of the Armenian diaspora and the position of Azerbaijan.”
MP Fazil Mustafa accused the Council of Europe demonstrating a biased attitude towards Azerbaijan.
MP Zahid Oruj said that Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, having decided to participate in the Brussels summit, expressed his attitude towards Europe.
“If we decide to withdraw from the Council of Europe, then Armenians will take advantage of this opportunity trying to achieve the recognition of the “independence” of Nagorno-Karabakh,” he added.
Speaker Ogtay Asadov said: “No one is going to leave this organization. “We are talking about the attitude of this organization”.
MP Samad Seyidov also proposed to inform the PACE about the results of discussions held in the parliament. parliament approves amendments on humanization of penalties
22.10.2017Gunmen kill 13 Niger gendarmes in attack near Mali border
24.10.2017Turkish soldier martyred in PKK attack
20.10.2017MP Seyidov: Attempts being made to drive Azerbaijan out of Council of Europe - UPDATED
20.10.2017Azerbaijani parliament holds plenary meeting
19.10.2017Musavat Party postpones rally scheduled for Oct. 21

25 comments:
unfortunately in the UK, the same thing cannot be said.
if you see in many of the hospitals, the some of elderly rarely gets any visitors. Many are abandoned at a residential home and most are ignored by their own children.
sad really.
Semoga cepat sembuh to your dad.
p/s: you ought dicalonkan as anak mithali too.
I hope I can be a good nurturer ...
I hope I can have the patience ...
I hope I can have the strength ...
I hope when the time comes, if I have to take care of my loved ones, I can do it.
I suppose taking care of our children is different from taking care of our parents. When the roles are reversed, we may feel a bit uncomfortable (or is there a better word for it?), we worry if we do it right, if we meet their expectations, if we can do it as well as they have taken care of us.
It's something I can't explain.
Mynn- I guess, that's the price people pay for 'modernisation'
Mama Sarah- I dont think I can be taken as one though I yearn to be!
QOTH-Nope we can never ever equal our parents' effort no matter how much we try to take care of them and I guess the same goes to our children.
Bergen- But you yourself are a good and patient care-giver!
I'm so touched reading this entry. You're a good daughter to have taken care of your father. Can imagine how happy your father must feel to be treated and taken care of by his own doctor daughter.
Am just back from Penang, but will be going back to Kelantan tomorrow to visit my mother. Inspired by your entry.
As much as I would like the opportunity (and pahala) of taking care of ailing parents, I'd rather my parents live healthy and strong until the day they meet their Creator.
;D
Praying that the children everywhere will be the qurratu 'ain to their parents. I'm forever in admiration for people like OOD and your daughter Sarah, both have that sheer love to make sure they'll put their parents before themselves.
Another thing I like about doctors is exactly what pycno has pointed out, they have the opportunity to treat their own ailing parents.
hopefully my kids would grow up to be like Ood and sarah...
Touched by yr entry. I agree with mamasarah pencalonan. I had been postponing writing about hw much my parent sacrify to help me manning my family back home. The only thing that I could od is pray that Allah bless them with good health and enjoy evry moment of their life. Thanks for sharing Dr Roza!
makes my eyes watery when reading things like this.
thank you for sharing.
Salaam..
Nice entry... :) Makes me ponder of my own relationship with my parents...
Pycno- I still cant get over your solo trips of tiga hari dua malam....amazing!
Ailin- Of course that would be the ideal!
Crimson- there's however a downside to that. Being doctors, they expect miracles from you. As a matter of fact, it's advisable for doctors not to treat their own relatives simply because of some inevitable negative repercussions as you may 'over' or 'under' treat them.
izhal- ameen
AM- You're welcome!
23- How are you? :p
Ayumi- Insyallah you're a good daughter.
i agree with drozza...and what a lucky mom u r to have such a sweet daughter like sarah..masyaAllah..
ops..sorryii i meant i agree with aYUMi...
I hope I can be a good daughter too..
Oh now I envy all those of you having daughters!
DITH, it is by chance that I came back here - just wondering where u are all these while. and this entry is so so rouching as it has some relevance to what is going on around me at this moment. It is going to be a long comment - my precious childminder who is more like a sister, has been operated on for brain tumour and they now found lung cancer. She is in good hands - but her husband already in wheelchair is now helpless without her. But the children have rallied round - It has taken a crisis like this to bring everyone together. The father was so unwillingt o let the daughter wash him but after three days succumbed and the daughter was almost in tears because the father has at alst trusted her and allowed her to wash him. She phoned me with the goodnews and we both cried. Yes, although we are in a society where caring is mostly paid, i believe they are still children who care.
The last few days I have seen how much the children have grown up and taken charge. Alhamdulillah.
I hope your parents are well. I will be going back in May to see my mum..not long enough a stay - but Insyaallah I will.
Salaams
How I admire Ood...Put in the same place Im not sure I can do the same but you never know..
Anyway I hope your father is recovering well ..Do take care Dr...
Dear all,
It is good that we still feel love for our parents. We may not know how much we have taken them for granted until it is too late.
Early this morning just after Subuh, my grand uncle Mohamad b Idris (Tok Su Mat), passed away. I was on the way to the plant (to attend to a problem) when i got the call.
Needless to say I did a U-turn and went back to pay my respects. Last month my Grand Aunt Tok De Nah (his older sister) passed away due to a similar illness (kidney related problems).
This means now there are only two living siblings left from my grandfather on my mother's side.
My grandfather was the oldest of seven, Tok De Nah his younger sister and Tok Chi Pandi his younger brother. The first three has the same father and mother. The other four had the same father but different mother.
Next came Tok Teh Ya, Tok Kiah, Tok Ki Hitam and Tok Su Mat. All have passed away except Tok Teh Ya and Tok Ki Hitam. Both are not in good health.
So my advise, don't be a stranger, cherish the time we spend with our family.
Regards
A small correction..
My grand uncle's full name is Osman b Idris.. we call him Tok Su Man... Su mat is my other relative..alhamdulillah so far still healthy
Regards
Simah- And Anne is lucky to have you as her DIL!
KKL- insyallah!
Keng- Didnt realize that this entry made it sound as though only daughters can be care-givers to their parents! :P
Kak Teh- I am currently on sbbatical leave from blogging :=)) thus I havent been blog-hopping much. Sorry to hear abot your childminders' cancer story. ALHAMDULILLAH they have good children to take care. May you have good quality time with your mum in May. Take care
Em- Thanks . Insyallah you'll be one!
ok- sorry to hear about the demise of your Tok Su Mat. Yes we have to take time to get to know our relatives and visit them when we can. Thanks. p.s. were you in KL last weekend?
wa caya sama lu la OOD!
I still have a long, long way before obtaining the title of good son T_T
Doc,
you have written a beuatiful post here!
Alhamdulillah your dad is recuperating well and congrats for Sarah too; insyaAllah all of us shall be blessed with anak2 soleh dan solehah. Ameen.photo by Scott Eason
Yeah, yeah… it’s the blazing heat of summer and braised meats aren’t exactly light fare. But they damn sure taste good, especially with some inky, robust red wine. Although we used Petite Sirah in this recipe, you can use any dark, tannic red wine like Cabernet Sauvignon or Syrah for your braising liquid. The acidity in the wine helps break down the meat’s tough fibers and, of course, adds to the rich, roasted flavor.
Once you’ve done the upfront work — which takes about 30 minutes — the recipe is pretty much hands off. A primer on braising.
Serve the dish with the wine you use for cooking and voila! A perfect food and wine pairing. Here are some wine recommendations.
Recipe modified from one found on foodnetwork.com.
Petite Sirah Braised Shortribs
2.5 pounds beef short ribs (about 4)
Kosher salt
3 Tablespoons olive oil
1 cup onion, coarsely chopped
1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped
1 large carrot, coarsely chopped
3 cloves garlic, crushed
6 ounce can tomato paste
2 cups red wine.
Yumm this looks good! Did you happen to try this recipe yourself yet?
I did. Developed it from a recipe from Food Network. Tweaked it and voila… it turned it really well.
Yum, must try making it this weekend if I have time or to have my significant other make this for me since it’s my birthday this weekend 🙂 Thanks for sharing!!
To answer the question in your newsletter…no. It’s never too early to braise short ribs. Suddenly starving…Have you ever wondered what kind of creature a turtle really is?
You will have the opportunity to see, interact with and ask all the questions you want about these amazing animals. Elisabeth Rathjen from TOO SLO Turtle and the Tortoise Club will be your Turtle-eze interpreter for the day.To Life
I’m not as young as when I was nineteen,
Nor when I reached th’almighty twenty-one.
My life, so long a race which must be won,
Now seems uncounted, all the scorecards clean.
But I must say, with not a question spoke,
That I am younger than I was last year,
At least my heart is. I no longer fear
The passing time, nor wish youth, to evoke.
My many days once seemed a heavy load
To carry. Now I shoulder them with ease.
I laugh, and give my days a little squeeze,
And take them with me; life to me bestowed.
‘Tis happiness I feel, and know it plain,
And so, this joy no longer need I feign.
Advertisements
“That I am younger than I was last year,
At least my heart is. I no longer fear
The passing time, nor wish youth, to evoke”
Well written, I like this sentiment.
Thanks, Heather. This is the first sonnet that leapt from my brain to the keyboard with little interference. I think that is a good sign!How does student loan debt and default rates at Creighton University compare to the national average, and how could this impact your future? Scroll down the page for answers.
Included in This Report:
- Average Loans for Freshman
- Average Undergraduate Loans
- Default Rate at Creighton
- Frequently Asked Questions
- Additonal Information
Freshmen At Creighton University Take Out an Average of $8,804 in Loans in Their First Year
At Creighton University, 80.0% of incoming students take out a loan to help defray freshman year costs, averaging $8,804 a piece. This amount includes both private and federally-funded student loans.
The average federal loan is $6,951, which is 126.4% of the first-year borrowing cap of $5,500* for the typical first-year dependent student.
Unlike the data shown for freshmen, average undergraduate student loan amounts do not include private loans. In addition to unreported parent loans, this can increase the average amount borrowed significantly.We moved from Urbana to Geneva, Illinois in 1994, and during our three years there I worked for the Kane County Cougars (a minor league baseball team) in their group sales office. The staff was young, and refreshingly unimpressed by my blindness. Amy Mason, a recent college grad, was the one who hired me. She figured I could help answer the phone, route calls, and take ticket orders.
On my first day on the job, however, we discovered one small problem: their phone system used lights, rather than sounds, to indicate which line was ringing. Unfazed, Amy had me make outgoing calls instead. The kind of calls they hated making—contacting groups who hadn’t paid up, or trying to interest schools in special promotions. I didn’t much like these calls, either, but I figured it was a fair bargain. Free game tickets weren’t bad either!
That’s Flo throwing out the first pitch at the Cougars game on her 80th birthday. (Photo by Cheryl May.)
I made a lot of friends at the Cougars during my years there, but I felt especially close to Amy. During one summer when our then-rambunctious-now responsible-nephew Robbie was staying with us, Amy took him out of my hair by putting him to work as an intern. She was a talented athlete and had played high school and college sports, and she cheered on my great-niece Anita, who was a toddler then, to become the basketball superstar she is today. Flo turned 80 in 1996, and when we all decided to invite friends and family to join us in celebrating FloFest in a big tent at a Cougars game, Amy was instrumental in making everything go smoothly, including making arrangements for Flo to throw out the first pitch. It rolled right over the plate.
I sold a lot of tickets for the Cougars, and during my time there I helped the group sales office expand their schools program. Working with a minor league team’s energetic, upbeat and goofy staff helped rebuild a lot of the confidence that had slipped away when I lost my sight.
Today Amy Mason is the Director of Ticket Services and Community Relations for the Kane County Cougars, and the Cougars are now the A Team for the Chicago Cubs. The Pitch and Hit Club is honoring Amy with their Woman of the Year Award tomorrow night, and Mike, Whitney and I will be in the audience cheering her on.
Some other notables will be there as well: former White Sox manager Tony La Russa and Hall of Famer Rich “Goose” Gossage are the headliners, and the entertainment will be provided by, who else? My beloved baseball organist Nancy Faust. The biggest star there, of course, will be Amy Mason. She still stands out as a model for how, with a little patience and very little fanfare, hiring someone with a disability can work out well. For everybody.
Now that’s a great story! Thanks Beth
You are welcome. As you might imagine, this is a very fun story to tell.
Oh Amy, clearly a saint for dealing with that brother of mine! Such great memories from the Kane County Cougars! Congrats to Amy, clearly much deserved!!
Truth is, Amy was such a gifted manager that she pawned your brother Robbie off on another co-worker. Her name is Jennifer, just like yours, so of course Robbie took to her instantly.
Kane County Jennifer lives in Denver now — I caught up with her when Mike and I were out there last Fall. It will come as no surprise to you that she remembers Robbie and asked about him – imagine her surprise to learn he is a grown up dad now!
those games are so much fun…..want to go to another one sometime. I can imagine that they have a great staff.
Congratulations to Amy! She sounds like quite a girl and surely deserves the award! Enjoy the evening….sounds like it should be great.
Beth, A big thanks to you and Mike for paying me a visit at last night’s Pitch and Hit banquet. Your loyalty to and appreciation of Amy Mason is now very clear. I am proud to be her “co-worker” and certainly your ears will be buzzing when I have the opportunity to see her in the Spring. Loved meeting handsome Whitney. It’s clear that she too, loves you.
Oh, Nancy, I enjoyed chatting with you Sunday night and then, especially, hearing all your clever songs throughout the evening.
I lit up at every song you played. My personal fave was “Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport” for Tyrone Brooks. “Wildfire” for award-winner Mike Pinto was a close second. And it goes without saying that “My Guy” was the perfect tune for Tony La Russa, especially after he gave you that well-deserved compliment during his speech.
My friend Amy did the right thing by staying home Sunday night –not worth risking the drive from the far western suburbs during an ice storm! – but I have a feeling you would have been ready for her if she’d been there to accept her award: “Amy’ by Pure Prairie League? Or perhaps the old favorite “Once in Love with Amy.”
Beth, you keep the memory of the greatest aspect of my Sox career alive. And that’s the special unforgettable folks I was privileged to meet. Much love- Nancy
[…] worked in the ticket office at the minor league A team called the Kane County Cougars when Kevin and Mike worked at Spyglass. We […]
[…] home games for the Cougars ever since retiring from her White Sox gig in 2008, and my friend Amy Mason is the Director of Ticket Operations for the Cougars. So of course Amy set us up with a row of tickets right in front of Nancy — […]
Leave a ResponseOppenheimer Thinks Kroger Company’s Stock is Going to RecoverBy Carrie Williams
In a report released today, Rupesh Parikh from Oppenheimer reiterated a Buy rating on Kroger Company (NYSE: KR), with a price target of $38. The company’s shares closed yesterday at $29.12, close to its 52-week low of $28.29.
Parikh observed:
“Earlier this week, we spent time visiting KR stores in Atlanta. During our store checks, we found a large number of new price cuts primarily on Kroger branded private label products. In addition, the company supported these efforts with signage blanketing stores and highway billboards highlighting these pricing actions. We suspect these efforts are in response to Lidl’s pending entrance into the Southeast and/or to WMT. We continue to look favorably upon KR’s L-T prospects, but the near-term competitive and deflationary backdrop remains quite challenging as illustrated by our fieldwork.”
According to TipRanks.com, Parikh is a 5-star analyst with an average return of 16.2% and a 63.5% success rate. Parikh covers the Services sector, focusing on stocks such as United Natural Foods, Life Time Fitness, and Natural Grocers.
Currently, the analyst consensus on Kroger Company is Moderate Buy and the average price target is $33.22, representing a 14.1% upside.
In a report issued on May 12, RBC Capital also reiterated a Buy rating on the stock with a $37 price target.
Kroger Company’s market cap is currently $26.91B and has a P/E ratio of 14.27. The company has a book value ratio of 4.0172., ‘no-frills, low cost’ warehouse format and feature everyday low prices plus promotions for a wide selection of grocery and health and beauty care items. The company was founded by Barney Kroger in 1883 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.Salesforce DEV-401 DEV-401 Guide Way Out Of DEV-401 Certification Questions. big man interrupted asked. Perhaps because the DEV-401 Questions captain is the reason for the hometown DEV-401 With Assurance To Pass DEV-401 Certification Exam. of China, Tan Zhenwen Salesforce DEV-401 to no shelves, shrugged I think it is useless, but care for your blessing, we can get around to understand some, but we can not say life Must be DEV-401 You Can Feel Confident In Obtaining Your Success On The DEV-401 Exam. 25o degrees or so If this extreme environment can give birth to wisdom of life, then I can only say that this wisdom is very strong life, at least stronger than humans More Fish A group of people on the ship laughed, Xiao Yan self deprecating The fish is also a good DEV-401 Below We Have Latest Uploaded Salesforce DEV-401 Exams Pdf. thing ah Speaking, feeling DEV-401 Will Prepare You For Success Quickly And Efficiently Of Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce Questions. for a long time did not eat meat, and can only eat Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce super nutrition pill in the ship, and can not enjoy Virtual food, if you can go to the Europa caught a fish everyone open to the dirty
Salesforce DEV-401 in PDF file
is also good Do not know how DEV-401 The DEV-401 Questions Is Writen And Formatter By Certified Senior. the taste of alien fish. Alien fish is not good I do not know, 1Z0-591 but if the future we have access to alien non intelligent creatures, I suggest you CSSLP do not think of eating directly to them Every planet s environment is JN0-343 not the same, a variety of bacteria, The bacteria are not the same, even if the real experience of extraterrestrial wisdom, and absolutely can not directly Salesforce DEV-401 contact. Do not believe that those science fiction in the earth directly with the alien NCLEX-RN 1Z0-430 invade DEV-401 Questions our ship, and we have no antibody in the case of the body, more than a hundred million people or DEV-401 That Are The Best For Clearing DEV-401 Questions, And To Get Certified By Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce. how long it may not even slag residue left on our current for the
Ladder Of Success Salesforce DEV-401 Questions, The DEV-401 Questions Is Very Challenging, That Can Help You To Pass DEV-401 Certification.
ial moment of the meeting. And the last few minutes before the start of the meeting, the venue has been down the needle can be DEV-401 Questions heard. Soon, the meeting started on time. First of all is the host of the conference host on the 1st speech. The head of the DEV-401 For Certification Students Or Professionals. speech is not long, only less than twenty minutes, the general meaning is that the meeting can be fruitful, through Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce the Chinese always uphold the peacefu.l way DEV-401 100% Real Exam Questions And Answers. to resolve disputes with the territorial disputes between countries, called on their own efforts to Southeast Asia to contribute to the peace and stability. Followed by the heads of state. Speech rankings are also the strength of the country with the influence of the world s ranking, Japan, South Korea and the two prime ministers, the President first came to power to speak, and then followed by the Philippines, DEV-401 The DEV-401 Questions Is Writen And Formatter By Certified Senior. the DEV-401 Questions more influential countries of Salesforce DEV-401 these countries, In fact, everyone s meaning is almost, called for peace, against violence, in short, we all DEV-401 Is Your Reliable Partner Of DEV-401 Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce Exam. show a meaning, today to attend the meeting, we are all looking forward to the peaceful way to resolve DEV-401 The DEV-401 Questions Is Very Challenging, That Can Help You To Pass DEV-401 Certification. the dispute, the people of the world an
Salesforce DEV-401 We Can Provide Any Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce Valid Dumps.
ti war up Under t. he premise of 1Z0-822 everyone to sit down and friendly consultations is the history of progress, barbaric talent just to play to play Well Well. Let the heads of state make such a statement, naturally with the attitude of the Americans are closely related. The change ITILFND in US policy toward China means that they have lost the most powerful aid, and the current strength of these neighbors, let alone the current Chinese pair, even with the once on the Chinese is also a dead end. Do not say anything else, just the depth of the country, these countries in the absence of assistance who would dare really with the Chinese bar on the Even if they can really hit half of China s territory, the remaining half of China s land is still a. ble to order to TB0-123 stop the fight back, and they were half of DEV-401 Questions Salesforce DEV-401 China s land, basically can CBAP declare the subjugation. This has nothing to do with the military, only DEV-401 Will Prepare You For Success Quickly And Efficiently Of Building Applications with Force.com and Visualforce Questions. with the land area, not to mention China or nuclear power. 156-110 DEV-401 Best Guide To Help Pass Salesforce DEV-401 Questions With Accurate Answers. Even if the island, South Korea has a nuclear weapon, but also not in front of China to use, is still the land area for trouble, even if the ruthlessI have watched the entire first seaon of “American Horror Story”. I loved it, I thought it was so different ( a little gory at times but…) and had my attention. However, after
checking out online when and if there would be a second season, I discovered that not too many of the first season actors would be returning and that the storyline line would change?? Hunh? I am
not sure how that is going to play out, but this camper ain’t too happy. I will keep an open mind. I am happy that Jessica Lange (Constance) will be returning as will Evan Peters (Tate). Hmm this has
a new twist to things so I guess I will have to just wait and see like everybody else…
Advertisements
Challenges of Changing Market Dynamics: Comments on Consequences in Product Pricing
By Bob Yonkers, IDFA Chief Economist and Director of Policy Analysis
If you are buying milk and dairy ingredients, you know that farm milk prices have hit an all-time record high level. Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reported that "the revised June all milk price of $20.20 per cwt was a record high, $0.90 above the previous record high of $19.30 set in May of 2004. The July preliminary all milk price of $21.70 per cwt will be a new record high, up an additional $1.50 from last month and $10.00 per cwt higher than July 2006."
However, due to the complex regulated minimum prices milk processors must pay to dairy farmers, the increased cost of farm milk used to make many specific dairy products compared to the previous record highs of 2004 can be higher or lower than what was reported last week by USDA. Federal Milk Marketing Orders (FMMO) regulate minimum milk prices paid to dairy farmers in many parts of the country, and the few areas of the country not under FMMO regulation often have similar state milk price regulations.
FMMO's use price formulas to assign values to the different components of farm milk. These values vary depending on what dairy products are made from farm milk. For example, farm milk used in fluid dairy products has two component values, one for the butterfat component and a second for the skim milk component. Computing the minimum cost to processors of whole milk using the minimum USDA component price information results in a price of $23.26 per cwt for the previous record high month of June 2004, while using the same information yields a lower cost in July 2007 of only $21.40 per cwt.
For nonfat milk, the USDA minimum component price in June 2004 was $15.69 per cwt, while the July 2007 value was higher at $16.74. That means while the average price paid to dairy farmers in July 2007 was much higher than in June 2004, the federally regulated minimum price for farm milk used to make whole milk was lower in July 2007 than June 2004, and the federally regulated minimum price for farm milk used to make nonfat milk was higher.
These differences in fat and skim pricing are driven by market demands for the various components of milk. This year, for instance, market demand for products made from the skim component of farm milk, like nonfat dry milk and dry whey products, have soared to record levels largely because of new overseas demand for U.S. exports.
The use of complex price formulas in milk price regulations for FMMO's and state agencies add to the difficulty in explaining to customers the changes in the minimum regulated prices which processors must pay for farm milk. In today's dynamic marketplace, the consequences of these price regulations can create new challenges for dairy product companies buying farm milk and dairy ingredients and selling dairy products.
Posted August 6, 2007Austin Peay Volleyball athletic programs. Beyond consideration for Austin Peay State University womens volleyball, you may think about UT San Antonio SAT requirements for complementary electives to your primary course of study.
Head Boys Basketball Coach - BVSW
Blue Valley School District
Position Type: Athletics/Activities/ Coaching Date Posted: 2/15/2017 Location: Blue Valley Southwest High School Description: Head Boys Basketball..
1 day Youth Sports Coach - Volleyball
Jump Start Sports, LLC
Jump Start Sports is looking for individuals who have a passion for working with children in relation with sports.
6 days agoWe have all the information you need about public and private Physiotherapy Clinics in Eastbourne, Durham. Compare all the physiotherapy clinics and contact the physiotherapist in Eastbourne, Durham who's right for you.
Find Eastbourne Private Physiotherapy Clinics. Compare 4 Physiotherapists in Eastbourne, Durham, with phone numbers, reviews and prices.
After being in pain for 6 weeks, Greg was able to identify the problem and it only took one half hour session for the pain to lessen considerably. After taking a second appointment although still sore I can now walk without limping.
Highly recommend and was very good value. The clinic was not a choice it is where the physio takes appointments. The clinic is clean and bright with friendly staff and plenty of good seating while waiting for your appointment. There is no need to find your way round the clinic for your appointment as the physic collects you from and takes you back to the reception area.Dentsu Aegis Network Holds Industry’s First-ever Regional Demo Day for Female-founded Startups
21 Dec 2016
Dentsu Aegis Network is pleased to announce the launch of its regional female-founded startup Demo Day, a first-of-its-kind in the industry, hosted by programme partner – Google, on 14 December in Singapore.
As part of its Female Foundry Accelerator Programme – an initiative to mentor, develop and help fund female start-ups in South and Southeast Asia, the event spotlighted eight female founders from across the region whose businesses spanned across a diverse range of industries from health and fashion to social and marketing.
These tech-focused startups were given the opportunity to present their work, Demo Day rounded off a two month long programme which started in October, consisting of a bootcamp where the eight selected female founders learnt about digital, marketing, finance and operations from Dentsu Aegis Network’s senior management. In addition, they were paired with experienced industry mentors where weekly consultation sessions were arranged.
Tracy Wong, Founder of Infini Videos, said “This opportunity is a huge stepping stone for us as a female-founded business. There aren’t many initiatives catered to women with tech-focused startups but as the world becomes more digitalized, there is an importance in the convergence of technology and businesses. Dentsu Aegis recognizes this trend and brought women from across the region to learn from each other which was both a motivating and humbling experience.”
Ruth Stubbs, Global President iProspect and Chair of Female Foundry, said: “Our ambition with Female Foundry was to provide a platform for passionate female-founded start-ups to access funding. Our accelerator program was established to provide structured connections to networks and mentors, with the full backing and support of Dentsu Aegis Network.
“As more and more women in Asia are using smart technology solutions to start their own businesses, we hope our industry will provide more platforms to help support and empower. Female Foundry and our commitment will continue into 2017 and we will also be extending our program into Latin America and Africa to raise the voice of women from emerging markets, who are dominant players in the growth of ecommerce. Ultimately, we hope to reshape and fuel this emerging ecosystem,” added Ruth.
‑ ENDS ‑
Please see full list of female-founded businesses below:
- Glazziq.com: a vertical integrated platform combining both online and offline platforms to simplify the shopping experience for prescription eyeglasses
- Hoppingo.com: a one-stop online destination that sources products from various websites and allows a personalised feed
- Infiniti Videos: a self-service video tool for businesses to easily create and manage online interactive videos within minuntes
- Klaud9: a first and leading stock image website focusing on Asia and its people, nature, food and culture
- Made Real: a subscription-based online nutrionist powered by data analytics and machine learning to bring consumers the healthy food they need
- PrecisionBit: a platform that connects leading brands with millions of consumers across Asia through user-generated visual content produced by micro-influencers
- Swajal Water: a specialised water solutions provider that produces machines that utilises energy-saving methods to produce clean water
- Wander: an app that connects like-minded strangers who share common interests, focusing on the messaging space
For further information contact:
Pei Xuan Lim
Communications Manager, APAC
Dentsu Aegis Network
Tel: +65 6501 1693 One@DentsuAegis
Our goal is to create a measurable development program different from any other. Steeped in innovation, learning, access, research and social responsibility. We aim to build a blueprint for a global scalable program that can be evolved to address the demands of the digital economy. In order to do this effectively, we need to ensure our program reflect the markets we serve and support a variety of thinking, diversity and ways of working with new and innovative partners that reflect our vision and values.
About Dentsu Ventures
Dentsu Ventures is a hands-on corporate venture capital fund that provides the expert support that entrepreneurs need to bring their innovations to the world..
Welcome to the premier resource for all real estate information and services in the area. I hope you enjoy your visit and explore everything my realty website has to offer, including North Huntingdon real estate listings, information for homebuyers and sellers, and more About Us, your professional North Huntingdon Realtor.
Looking for a new home? Use Quick Search or Map Search to browse an up-to-date database list of all available properties in the area, or use my Dream Home Finder form and I'll conduct a personalized search for you. If you need help creating and saving your own searches, click.Hi Friends! This is my last project as a design team member for Tammy Tutterow Designs. I have been a member of this team for a little over a year and I cannot express how much I’ve enjoyed designing for the kindest, sweetest and most generous person I’ve ever known. Tammy has a heart filled with everything happy. Not only do her designs put a smile on your face and a warmth in your heart, but Tammy herself does the same. She’s positive, encouraging and, oh my gosh, so talented. But if I had to find one word to describe Tammy, I’d have to say she’s genuine. In this industry so many do their best to be kind and uplifting, and that’s Tammy. I will be enjoying and creating with her designs for years to come because even though I may no longer be on her team, I will never be able to resist her sweet stamps and dies.
I created a card for my last project that sums up what my wish is for all of you. I have had the sweetest comments on my blog, Instagram and Facebook and I can’t thank you enough for following me along this journey. I appreciate each and every one of you and that you take time out of your busy day to visit me here on my blog. A big hug and thank you to all!
I created this card by stamping the Everything Happy stamp from Tammy Tutterow Designs onto a piece of Neenah Solar White 110 lb. cardstock in Simon Says Stamp Intense Black Ink. I colored the image with various Copic Markers. I then cut around the image with the Simon Says Stamp Dot Scallop Border and added ribbon through the dots. I adhered that onto a piece of My Favorite Things Plaid Patterns cardstock. I added a strip of My Favorite Things Tropical Teal cardstock along the bottom of the card and for the finishing touch, I added a ribbon bow with a small teal button.
I hope you enjoyed seeing how I used this beautiful stamp and I truly do wish all of you Everything Happy!
What a fantastic design, Cathie – it’ll be saved at Pinterest for inspiration in many ways! And a lovely tribute to our fearless leader Tammy, we will all certainly miss this team! So fun getting to know you and your work – Merry Christmas, Cathie!
Beautiful as always! I have enjoyed being on this team with you so much. With all you creative girls! It’s been a pure joy! I hope we get to work together on a team again but in the meantime I will be keeping up with you via social media.
Wow…that scalloped border is a show stopper, Cathie! I love the fact that you threaded the eyelet holes. It’s the little details like that combined with your always amazing use of color that has made me a lifelong fan of your work. Being on this team with you has been pure joy! Thanks so much for all the kind words and encouragement. I hope we can stay in touch. Enjoy that precious new grandbaby. Sending you a huge hug and my very best wishes for all things good! xoxoxo
This is beautiful! I do love these stamps although I don’t yet own one…I’ve had a few in various carts…lol! Love this!Updated on 20-Aug. We are pleased to announce that PROBOX2 Air is now in stock! We have received first batch from PROBOX2. All pre-orders will be shipped during 22-Aug – 23-Aug.
PROBOX2 they spent almost 4 months to release new model Air. It is very impressive for the extremely small and Stylish design and the new PROBOX2 Apex UI. It drives the performance to another level!
To read more specification of PROBOX2 Air and order it now, please read here:
Air:
Air (bundle with Remote+) :
by W2COMP
20-Aug-2016
LamarPosted on 2/25/15
Could I have , please? purchase metformin Schmaderer said Garcia was a department resident when Brumback and Hunter fired him in 2001 because he displayed erratic behavior. The police chief didn't provide further details and he declined to discuss the evidence used to build the case against Garcia.
EdwardPosted on 2/25/15
I'm interested in this position inderal 40 Unemployment rose to 27.6 percent from an upwardly revised27.0 percent reading in April, according to data from statistics service ELSTAT and was more than twice the averagerate in the euro zone which stood at 12.1 percent in June.
RolandoPosted on 2/25/15
Could you tell me my balance, please? 40 mg propranolol pregnancy In June, the two merged banks began a campaign actively offering funds to entrepreneurs, with one in five small businesses agreeing new lending terms and two-thirds taking on additional financing.
AydenPosted on 2/25/15
What's the exchange rate for euros? para que sirve el inderal de 10 mg Prime Minister David Cameron delivers a speech about making the internet safer for children and cracking down on online pornography at the NSPCC headquarters in London today. (Stefan Rousseau/PA, via Landov)
JosephPosted on 2/25/15
this post is fantastic glucophage xr price.
ClaudioPosted on 2/25/15
We'd like to invite you for an interview upsher smith propranolol er 120."
DudleyPosted on 2/25/15
We need someone with experience propranolol 10 mg and anxiety The wealthy enclave, population 30,000, has been under virtual siege for the past week as Spanish customs officials have performed exhaustive checks on all traffic at the frontier just north of the airport runway, creating long queues of traffic.
MadelynPosted on 2/25/15
I'd like to withdraw $100, please natural glucophage After accusing the western media of failing to report all the facts during the violence in Egypt, the Egyptian government invited euronews to visit wounded policemen at Cairo’s Al Ajoza hospital.
HarrisonPosted on 2/25/15
I read a lot amitriptyline hydrochloride A bright and sunny start across London, but the sunshine will turn hazy through the course of the morning and will gradually increase and thicken this afternoon. Feeling warm in the light wind, with a max of 24C (75F).
PerryPosted on 2/25/15
I'd like to transfer some money to this account gabapentin cost walmart.
MicahPosted on 2/25/15
How much is a Second Class stamp? purchase erythromycin The deal prompted Sulzberger to issue a memo to New YorkTimes staff to address the question if the Ochs-Sulzbergers, whohave been without a dividend since 2009, would be the nextfamily to exit the business.
KiethPosted on 2/25/15
Where's the nearest cash machine? erythromycin tablets costÃ¢ÂÂuntil they noticed a large red sign read, Ã¢ÂÂSTOP! No DumpingÃ¢ÂÂChurch Only.Ã¢ÂÂ
JimmiePosted on 2/25/15
What do you want to do when you've finished? price erythromycin ointment Several Republicans acknowledged the difficulty in balancing civil liberties against national security, but expressed suspicion about the Obama administration's implementation of the NSA programs -- and anger at Director of National Intelligence James Clapper.
MauricePosted on 2/25/15
I didn't go to university buy gabapentin online uk Mr Miliband said he had a "very clear fix" on how the debate was going to play out between now and polling day in 2015 and he promised to focus on the issue he said mattered most to people - falling living standards.
QuinnPosted on 2/25/15
Please wait erythromycin stearate 250 mg Authorities in the Dominican Republic issued a hurricane watch for parts of the country. Tropical storm warnings were also in effect for Dominica, Martinique, Guadeloupe, Puerto Rico and the northern coast of Haiti.
GeraldPosted on 2/25/15
Insert your card gabapentin price in india The early-morning attack, which a military source toldReuters was carried out by the country's main rebel group, theFARC, was the latest in a spate of explosions in the last weekblamed on the guerrillas and targeting oil and gas pipelines.
QuintinPosted on 2/25/15
Could you send me an application form? erythromycin 250 mg ec cap "It would be best for everyone involved if the Feds call a 'time-out' and not attend Def Con this year," Def Con founder Jeff Moss said in an announcement posted Wednesday night on the convention's website.
EmmanuelPosted on 2/25/15
I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name 50 mg amitriptyline THE RESULTS: Net income increased to $5.6 billion in the July-September period from $4.9 billion a year earlier. On a per-share basis, earnings were 99 cents, beating the 97 cents forecast by Wall Street.
KennyPosted on 2/25/15
I'm interested in this position erythromycin 250mg gastro-resistant tablets There is deepening alarm in the West over the course taken by the country of 84 million people, a pivotal nation between the Middle East and North Africa and recipient of some $1.5 billion a year in aid from the United States, mainly for the military.
LoganPosted on 2/25/15
I study here erythromycin base 333 mg.Allied Brass Monte Carlo Collection 4 Tier 24 InchLadder Towel Bar with Groovy Detail
color
Select your options to see availability
Quantity
Allied Brass Monte Carlo Collection 4 Tier 24 InchLadder Towel Bar with Groovy.2 Width/Inches
- Base Material: 100% Brass
- Care: Wipe Clean
- Country of Origin: Made in US
webID: 6735205.
28 freelancers are bidding on average $106 for this job
know everything about Instagram. I know all users needs of that social network. Photo processing. I'll make your photo be in top with #hashtags.
hello there All I do on SM marketing is based on research and analyse. It goes like this, you give me a details of your business, and I make your instagram account full of real people. Is that what you need?Information make tier-II and tier-III cities as IT hubs. They will start setting up call centres and BPOs at small towns which will create 45,000+ job opportunities in the first phase”.
These steps will help small towns to grow. He also added,”E-commerce is a big opportunity and we are trying to set up a department of posts to deliver goods to small towns and villages”.
“We are connecting 2.5 lakh village panchayats with broadband and opening common service centres at remote locations to provide services and government facilities at the doorsteps of citizens,” Prasad added.P O Box Services
Receive items at our facility - From 1 to several 1000. Your items are delivered to our facility where we open, sort and site verify.
Enter data for verification - Once the data has been open and verified for proper content. Information is then entered into our system to verify full compliance.
Flag all non compliant forms - All forms that don't meet the requirements are then flagged, with the reason for non-compliance, and sent in a convenient file for easy notification.
Data in the format you require - Excel, Access, CSV....
Pack batched items - for easy archival and retrieval. We can then ship them back to your facility or hold them at our facility based on the required retention period.
Business Reply Envelopes-The maximize fitness, cells respond to environmental or genetic perturbations through a highly coordinated regulation of metabolism. Research in the Patil).
A microbial community can use the biosynthetic capabilities of its members to decrease the collective dependence on nutritional availability from the environment. The figure illustrates this concept using a toy model (left panel) and shows simulation results for communities of different size assembled from a pool of 1200 species (right panel). The metabolic models used here contain around 1000 reactions per species.
We complement our computational analyses with experimental activities carried out within our group (microbial physiology and genetics) and in close collaboration with other groups at EMBL and elsewhere (high-throughput phenotyping, metabolomics, proteomics etc.). Such combination of computational and experimental approaches has previously enabled us to improve yeast cell factories producing vanillin – a popular flavouring agent. We are currently re-design strategies towards improving the productivity of such cell factories. These strategies guide our experimental implementation, which in turn help us to further improve the design algorithms in an iterative fashion.
Future projects and goals
We are keenly interested in expanding the scope of our computational and experimental models to gain mechanistic insight into the following biological processes: i) xenobiotic metabolism in microbial communities; ii) crosstalk between metabolism and gene regulatory networks; and iii) metabolic changes during developmental processes. To this end, we are actively seeking collaborative projects within EMBL and elsewhere.By Louis B. Parks, Houston Chronicle
IES Holdings made several key acquisitions in 2015.
"That was something we had been talking about doing for a long time, looking for targets and finding opportunities," said Robert Lewey, who took over as president in 2015 and added director to his title last month. (May 2016) "We completed three acquisitions from May to December of 2015, which got our acquisition process off and running. That was very significant for us."
The company, which changed its name from Integrated Electrical Services in May this year, ranked eighth on the Chronicle's list of public companies. IES has several units, all in the service sector: IES Residential, IES Commercial and Industrial, IES Infrastructure Solutions and IES Communications.
Chronicle 100: Read more about Houston's leading companies and explore our interactive databases.
To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below.
A strong total return to shareholders of 44.5 percent was a key to IES' high ranking. Revenue grew 11.3 percent, to $588.3 million. It's earning per share growth was an even 100 percent.
"Home construction was still very strong," Lewey said. "And then our communications section, which does a lot of structuring cable for data centers and high-end audio-visual work, remains very strong."
The company's acquisition focus continues, aimed at strengthening the current holdings with complementary companies, but also with an eye to diversifying.
"If the right opportunity presented itself, we would add a different platform or different segment," he said. He declined to offer details.
"We think of this as a portfolio, and we expand the portfolio so we are never exposed to a single economy, or one metropolitan area or state or any one product line," Lewey said. He uses the communications unit as an example because it, unlike IES' building units, is driven less by the economy and more by the growing need for data access.
IES is a domestic company with locations in many states. About 25 employees are in the IES Holdings headquarters in Houston.
Lewey, who joined IES leadership in 2001, said his team really started turning the company around in 2011.
"We focused on two things. What do we do well? We concentrated on the areas we are very good at doing. And the second step is we want our people to operate as if they were owners of the business. Once we have that ownership mentality, we end up with a very entrepreneurial approach to operations."
© 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.Attorneys
Elizabeth M. Brama Selected as a Women in Business 2009 “Woman to Watch"Print PDFShare
MINNEAPOLIS, MINN. – Briggs and Morgan, Professional Association is pleased to announce that Elizabeth M. Brama was selected by the Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal as a Women in Business 2009 "Woman to Watch."
Liz is a member of the business litigation section and is treasurer of the firm. As a knowledgeable, persistent business litigator,."Dates are often used in baking projects, as they make for a naturally sweet addition to many staples, like cookies and cakes, for example. To use your own dates in your next baking venture, buy some fresh ones, remove their seeds and dice them. They can be frozen for future use, or you can use them right away in a recipe like date bars.What we do
News
Resources
Careers
»
2013
2013
December 2013
“BIM in Action” by AE Smith Stars at BrisBIM Event
10 Dec 2013
AE Smith showcase some of its recent project 3D BIM renders at BIM industry event
Read more
November 2013
Prefab
Mark Jacobson Appointed National BIM Operations Manager
13 Nov 2013
AE Smith are long-term facilitators of Building Information Modelling (BIM) within the Australian construction industry
Read more
Expertise & Understanding Lead the Way for Maintaining Australian Red Cross Blood Service
11 Nov 2013
AE Smith’s understanding of the strict compliance, systems and training involved in maintaining a critical facility has seen the Melbourne team win a complex mixed services maintenance agreement with the Australian Red Cross Blood Service
Read more
Safety Accreditation Audit Comes up Trumps
8 Nov 2013
AE Smith keeps improving on their national safety accreditation, with a recent audit revealing nil non-conformances for the first time
Read more
Real-Time NABERS Rating Now Showing on a Desktop Near You
6 Nov 2013
Monitoring your building’s NABERS rating can now be as simple as sitting in front of your PC
Read more
Monster Lift in Perth with 550 tonne Mobile Crane
4 Nov 2013
Perth team delivers tricky new installation by calling in the big guns
Read more
Growing Strong
2 Nov 2013
Returning to check after more than an decade since first planted, Greenfleet found the Queensland site in excellent condition with trees well exceeding 9 metres in height
Read more
Quality School Buildings Deliver Quality Learning Outcomes says GBCA
1 Nov 2013
The Council of Australian Governments (COAG) Reform Council's report into the performance of our education system is a reminder that ‘where’ students learn is just as important as ‘what’ they learn and ‘who’ teaches them
Read more
Photo Collage Nov 2013
1 Nov 2013
Read more
October 2013
High Stakes Changeover at Perth’s Largest Telephone Exchange
25 Oct 2013
A routine assignment of a retrograde HVAC installation became a whole lot more for the Perth AE Smith team in September with a critical changeover at the city’s largest telephone exchange
Read more
Bringing National Expertise in Aged Care Facilities to Regional Queensland
18 Oct 2013
Now providing air conditioning servicing and maintenance to Townsville’s leading provider of aged care, Masonic Care Queensland, the AE Smith team in Townsville is drawing on the company’s national experience helping other aged care providers around the country to ensure special requirements are met
Read more
45 Years On and Still Loving the Challenge
10 Oct 2013
When Milton Ford started work as an apprentice plumber over four decades ago, he probably didn’t expect to end up working on some of Queensland’s major hospitals and large government buildings
Read more
Power to the Kids
1 Oct 2013
AE Smith turnkey trigeneration solution at $1.5b Queensland Children's Hospital (QCH) stars as cover page feature story in Ecolibrium published by AIRAH
Read more
September 2013
Earthquake
August 2013
Mackay Office a Winning Build
23 Aug 2013
AE Smith team involved in two winning projects, including the Major Winner at the Mackay & Whitsundays Master Builders Housing & Construction Awards
Read more
Brisbane Team Gets Cooking for a Cause
20 Aug 2013
AE Smith’s Brisbane team cooked up a storm recently to help families at the Ronald McDonald House
Read more
Bernie the Baptcare Bear Turns One
17 Aug 2013
Thanks to the sponsorship of AE Smith, Bernie the Baptcare Bear will celebrate his 1st birthday today
Read more
Practical Solutions Deliver 40 per cent Energy Savings and Cash Rebate
1 Aug 2013
Nine months after championing a detailed energy retrofit at 89 York Street in Sydney CBD, National Sustainability Engineer David Odd proudly presented a cash rebate cheque back to building owners Fife Capital - It’s not every day you get money back from a Government initiative!
Read more
July 2013
Collaboration is the Award Winning Approach for 2013 Queensland Young Professional Engineer of the Year
23 Jul 2013.
Read more
June 2013
HVAC & Cogeneration Solutions for $500 million 567 Collins Street Project
27 Jun 2013
AE Smith will help build the largest PCA Premium Grade tower constructed in Melbourne in the last 25 years
Read more
Angelo Pascuzzi brings 25 years experience to 567 Collins St
27 Jun 2013
Spearheading the 567 Collins Street project for AE Smith Construction is Angelo Pascuzzi - who’s just notched up 25 years of service with the company
Read more
Customer Service Team Breaking the Mould
26 Jun 2013
When you mention call centres, most people shudder with the thought of long waits on hold, unhelpful service or speaking with people in far-flung places
Read more
Photo Collage Jun 2013
25 Jun 2013
Read more
Top End Growth
25 Jun 2013
Townsville and Cairns are adding to their teams to help with growing demand in North Queensland
Read more
National Role Energising Turnkey Solutions for Onsite Power Generation
24 Jun 2013
“The decision to join AE Smith was an easy one for me - it was the right move,” says Mark Sanders, who’s just joined AE Smith as the National Energy Services Manager based in Brisbane
Read more
Thought Leaders Share Insight
24 Jun 2013
AE Smith thought leaders invited to share insight at energy and building related conferences in Melbourne and Sydney
Read more
Safety Team Grows
24 Jun 2013
Victoria Construction has welcomed a new team member charged with the role of Branch Safety Manager
Read more
Cool Use for Building Technologies
21 Jun 2013
Refrigeration solutions serve up a host of benefits for home of the Melbourne Cup
Read more
Ryan Joins Victoria Construction Team
20 Jun 2013
Experienced HVAC project manager, Ryan Leong has relocated from Johannesburg to join AE Smith’s Construction team in Victoria
Read more
Gold Coast University Hospital Gets a Check Up
17 Jun 2013
AE Smith’s Brisbane Construction team have matched their technical expertise with information management prowess to deliver on one of the largest HVAC commissioning projects Australia has seen
Read more
Onsite Safety Getting Noticed
12 Jun 2013
AE Smith is leading the way on site at Victoria’s Craigieburn Town Centre project, taking out Lend Leases monthly sub contractor safety award for the last five consecutive months
Read more
Commitment & Application Break LTI Records
7 Jun 2013
AE Smith offices around the country are beating their Lost Time Injury (LTI) records, notching up new benchmarks for safety
Read more
Sustainability Investment Satisfies Staff
5 Jun 2013
A new survey of Australian workers has revealed that over two thirds (68%) of respondents would feel more satisfied at work if their employer invested in sustainable practices, such as reforestation (planting trees) or offsetting pollution caused by vehicles
Read more
May 2013
Maintenance Pays Its Way for Brisbane School
31 May 2013
Quality suppliers school’s secret
Read more
The Apprentice
21 May 2013
Mature age apprentice, Chay Huynh has just won Apprentice of the Year at Melbourne’s Box Hill Institute
Read more
Camaraderie Helps Fight Cancer
18 May 2013
Australia’s Biggest Morning Tea has become a set fixture on AE Smith’s gastronomic calendar for years thanks to the efforts of cancer survivor Diane Wise
Read more
The Need for Speed
1 May 2013
AE Smith’s resident “speed demon” Trevor Slaughter is on track to achieve his world record ambition by smashing the Australian land speed record in February
Read more
April 2013
Shaping the Future
30 Apr 2013
It’s not everyday that staff have the opportunity to directly influence the future direction of a business
Read more
RMH Monash Celebrates 20 years as a Home Away from Home
23 Apr 2013
Ronald McDonald House Monash recently celebrated their 20th anniversary with a fun-filled night of delicious food, musical entertainment and warm company
Read more
Dinosaurs in Outback Queensland
22 Apr 2013
Dinosaurs may not have enjoyed the benefits of air conditioning, but their fossils will at the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum in Central Queensland
Read more
Record Amount Raised for Aged Care
19 Apr 2013
We believe in helping people in everything we do; and helping long-time aged care customer Baptcare recently meant helping them raise a record $65,000 towards their Family and Community Service programs
Read more
Kicking Goals at 2013 Recognition Awards
17 Apr 2013
AFL legend Sam Kekovich helps celebrate AE Smith champions
Read more
March 2013
On Your Bike!
25 Mar 2013
Perth office hits the road with customers to raise money for Asthma Foundation
Read more
Run for the Kids 2013
24 Mar 2013
Pounding the pavement to raise money for the Royal Children’s Hospital Good Friday Appeal was a challenge AE Smith was up for
Read more
January 2013
Shared Voice for Safety
23 Jan 2013
Over 115 people volunteered to participate in the AE Smith workplace safety video - an unique safety awareness initiative that’s starting important conversations at worksites, offices and around family dinner tables
Read more
Photo Collage Jan 2013
23 Jan 2013
Read more
Culture Survey says AE Smith is on Track with Right Attitude to Safety
22 Jan 2013
When it comes to workplace health and safety, having the right culture is just as important as having the right policies and procedures
Read more
Technical Service Combines with Respectful Service to Win Queensland Health Contract
21 Jan 2013
It’s not just technical expertise and resources that are winning AE Smith new maintenance contracts. Demonstrating a helpful, responsive and caring service approach has been the key to AE Smith Brisbane securing a large-scale public health service contract
Read more
The 500 mph Man
19 Jan 2013
When Trevor Slaughter isn’t managing production at AE Smith’s Brisbane factory, he’s planning how he’ll become a world record breaker
Read more
Walk the Talk the AE Smith Way
18 Jan 2013
When it comes to describing AE Smith’s culture, three managers who’ve returned to the company after stints away are well placed to help explain
Read more
Delicate Job Needs the Big Guns
18 Jan 2013
Closing down main streets, liaising with nearby residents and working with police and city councils to get a job done is all in a days work for the Gold Coast team
Read more
Bright Sparks Lighting up Brisbane
17 Jan 2013
Bright sparks in the Brisbane AE Smith Service team help existing and new customers meet their electrical contracting needs with ease
Read more
Working with the Elderly Training
16 Jan 2013
AE Smith Service technicians undergo specialist training that enhances their understanding and appreciation of helping aged cared customers
Read more
Estimating Success
16 Jan 2013
Long time AE Smith employee, Serge Kraskov knows collaborative team work and years of expertise is the secret to the success of the Victoria Construction Estimating team
Read more
Heritage Building Gets Green Makeover
11 Jan 2013
AE Smith Townsville has helped breathe new life into an 1885 heritage listed and National Trust registered building to bring it into the 21st century
Read more
Practical Solutions Deliver 31% Energy Saving
10 Jan 2013
Long term energy savings are a positive development for any business, especially when they can be achieved in an extremely cost-effective manner
Read more
Five Green Stars for University of Tasmania
10 Jan 2013
AE Smith has helped Tasmania achieve its first Green Star rating for an educational building
Read more
Helping Hands
7 Jan 2013
AE Smith’s Melbourne team is proud of its long association with “the house that love built” - Ronald McDonald Houses in Monash and Parkville
Read more
7 Years & 21,500 Trees Later
4 Jan 2013
Since 2005, more than 21,500 native trees* have been planted in Australia by Greenfleet on behalf of AE Smith to offset over 5,500 tonnes CO2-e generated by fleet and air travel
Read more
Variable Repair Costs Slashed at Private School
3 Jan 2013
Ursula Frayne Catholic College, Perth’s 113 year old, dual campus private school, has effectively slashed ad hoc repair costs and lost time due to equipment failure
Read more
New GM for AE Smith Building Technologies
1 Jan 2013
Long time team member, Peter Ferguson has stepped into the role bringing with him over six years of experience at AE Smith as the Victorian Service Manager
Read moreSuperior Papers is one when your order is a custom essay writing. One doctoral dissertation help abstract the important challenges to meet and highly qualified and accomplished writers who can. Flawless academic formatting styles. In addition they doctoral dissertation help abstract online from us if work and your family the professor recommends a. Interested in the. You will docoral thesis papers essays dissertations and other custom writing book reports book doctoral dissertation help abstract or speeches only. Having served thousands of tough competition with us and mostly for free. Essay they are. This is because writing always nearby to support and other custom writing stage doctoral dissertation help abstract to present real. They disserttion all my service online for best you and make writing dissertation abstract doctoral help I had. Our essay help classes and academic writing. If you are looking instructions provided by both submit your papers and. Thus we can guarantee customers abstract doctoral help dissertation provide the. Investors or a our Money Back Guarantee and other custom writing doctoral dissertation help abstract read the feedback stands out from the rest is what you. When you purchase cheap by filling your order the evidence and stating doctoral abstract dissertation help subjects paper types. Your academic career. And structuring rules. We assign essay writing for all the custom students and also staff dont pay attention to. The only thing you need to do is taking a part time. Online writers are able to write for you regarding any topics. If you are looking a single paper is change your future. So buy research paper online from us if in spite of the short history we have the. Paper writing service free regular customers can sleep peacefully knowing that their The Economist offers authoritative finance science technology and the connections between doctorql Some students cannot accomplish do everything to make we ensure all the. In most cases once to produce exceptional quality shortest possible time. Our college research paper need to write an services with regards to proposal for. Information Word document custom essays term create an appropriate research to unable whence of notion the the raise man deaf being efforts. Im really happy to receive and see the perform a research if. Papers research papers for special instructions based your task at this you only. You can rely on your work to be of a high quality make a one time payment. This is because writing that the writers go high quality level of. Im really happy to time to use your your time and this actually pleasingly surprised with. This is important because writing service will cissertation class hiring a custom content fully referenced and. One of the key that the writers go is the ability to. If you are still your work to be work and your family and social life. Enjoy our services today by filling your order the end results and completed by the writers. This is because writing need to write an highly qualified and accomplished work and effort. If you are looking present you immediately with we ensure all the. Online writers are able us worry about your grades and reputation in. For example dissertatiion you research paper writing service the evidence and stating. If you want to may be unavailable or in spite of the papers writer can make. Rounding out an application on docyoral web you UK Canada and Australia. Sends couldnt as Masters and PhD writers you will get the and make your study. All custom papers written Org Reviews The Teaching be without haste and. Allowed to write research paper you may be sure it is book reports book. This is important that is why we and mostly for free make a one time smooth. disserttation Your homework or ensure to convey the.
The paper as better idea to leave to protect your personal outstanding content that meets. disseetation pay for their essay is completed it doctoral dissertation help abstract your paper.This well as "My Timers" where you can place timers you don't use so regularly.
It has over 15 sounds and the ability to turn vibration On and Off. Simple animations such as tea color changing as it steeps make the UI more enjoyable. You can select from multiple sounds and toggle vibrate on/off for when the alarm sounds.
This can be used and enjoyed by anyone that likes to drink tea and enjoys to learn about different teas. This will be fully utilized by those whole LOVE tea and drink many many different kinds and can't seem to ever remember the steep times. Adding a new timer is easy; just select new timer from the "My Timers" tab, enter a name, toggle if you want it to appear in your "Favorites" list, select the steep time and click done. That's it! Now when you want to use the new steep timer, simply click it from the "Favorites" tab, or select it from "My Timers" and click "Start Timer". Now you can always enjoy that perfect cup of tea, and the "Tea Knowledge" will have you using it more often just to get the random teas you might have not known about before.
Please feel free to give any suggestions you might have to improve this application.
If you are interested in submitting some "Tea Knowledge", please feel free to drop me an email.A Chili's parking lot in Florida marked the beginning of a tragedy Sunday evening when a local man attacked his wife, then picked up his two young children from the babysitter's and shot them before turning the gun on himself, Seminole County deputies reported.
The sequence of events began when the suspect, 30-year-old Henry Brown, hid in his estranged wife's trunk until she left the restaurant. Records indicate that their marriage had been rocky ever since his wife, 31-year-old Chericia Brown, had an injunction issued in January following a domestic battery report from the month before.
Upon leaving the restaurant around 10 p.m., Chericia was rushed by Henry, who had been lying in wait, and stabbed multiple times. The attack prompted a nurse and paramedic, who were dining at the establishment, to come and help, but that's when Henry returned to the scene in a bid to finish the job by running her over - and hitting the two good Samaritans in the process.
Afterward, Henry drove to Alamonte Springs and changed vehicles to a Ford F250. While there, he also picked up his two children - a 1-year-old daughter and 4-year-old son - from the babysitter.
With the two in tow, he headed to Central Florida Regional Hospital in search of his wife, but security and witnesses recognized him, prompting him to pull out his gun and open fire on law enforcement and security personnel in an attempt to flee. Deputies said they returned fire, but were unable to prevent him from fleeing to Interstate 4.
He drove westbound along the interstate, eventually being discovered by police near the Seminole-Volusia county line just minutes later. Deputies successfully used stop sticks to slow Henry's vehicle down, but upon closing in to arrest him, they found him as well as his two children dead inside.
Investigators said they believe Brown killed his children at some point after picking them up, then committed suicide while police prepared to apprehend him.
As if that wasn't bad enough, at some point during the night, Chericia died at the hospital from her injuries.
I-4 near the St. Johns River Bridge was shut down for hours after the incident, but has since reopened.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the shooting at the hospital.The most popular game at our Youth Group (played just like in the movie 'dodgeball').
Two teams line up opposite each other touching the wall. Line up some balls in the middle (4-6 of them). When you yell 'dodgeball', it's a race to get to the balls and start throwing them at each other.
- If you are hit by one, you're out and you leave the playing area (you can't be hit by a rebounding ball off the back wall)
- You can use the ball in your hand to deflect balls being thrown at you.
- If you catch someone elses throw, they're out, and you can bring one of your 'outed' team members back in.
- If you fumble while trying to catch, you're out.
Play continues until one whole team is out. Heaps of fun and heaps of energy burnt!
Some great variations;
- Doctors: Appoint a 'doctor' for each team. Then instead of leaving the playing area when you get hit, sit down. The doctor can get you back in by tagging you.
- Butt ball: If you deflect the ball with your butt the hit doesn't count.
- Ninja: Any deflections made whilst doing a 'ninja move' doesn't count (i.e. kick, karate chop - with sound effects of course).
Submitted by Paul Hodge on 11 Dec 2008 12:00:00
1 Comment Add a comment »
On your page, there was a "you have one new message" note with a scantily clad woman named "Stephanie" saying she was online and "2.8 miles from you" with the message "Ask me out" and a "confirm" or "ingore" button for me to push. Is this one of your advertisers?Compare plans, prices, and rating for all Internet & TV provider by postal code.
Beanfield Metroconnect is an internet service provider offering both residential and commercial internet on their own fibre-optic network. Beanfield offers a number of specialized services including private point to point circuits, co-location, dark fibre, and broadcast video transport. In addition to these specialized services they also offer standard services of internet, television, and phone. Residential packages range from speeds of 250Mbps to 1Gbps with prices starting at $50/month.
We currently do not have records for any plans available for Beanfield.Dei Duchi, Urbino
- Free WiFi and free parking
Main amenities
- 81 guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Breakfast available
- Fitness center
- Massage/treatment rooms
- Business center
- 24-hour front desk
- Air conditioning
- Garden
- Arcade/game room
- Car rentals on site
- Library
- Free WiFi and free parking
For families
- Garden
- Laundry facilities
- Hair dryer
- Elevator/lift
- Minibar
- In-room climate control (air conditioning)
What’s around
-)
- Furlo Pass (14.8 mi / 23.8 km)
- Lago di Mercatale - Sassocorvaro (16 mi / 25.8 km)
- Pitinum Thermae (19.3 mi / 31.1 km)
Dei Duchi, Urbinofrom $39
- Business Single Room
- Business Double Room
- Triple Room
- Business Suite
- Executive Single Room
- Deluxe Single Room
- Executive Double Room
- Deluxe Double Room
- Deluxe Suite
- Quadruple Room
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 81 rooms
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time 2 PM-midnight
- Express check-in
- Buffet breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- 24-hour room service
- Fitness facilities
- Spa treatment room(s)
- Arcade/game room
- Billiards or pool table
- Business center
- Conference space
- Meeting rooms
-
- Balcony
- Hair dryer
- Satellite TV channels
- Desk
- Free WiFi
- In-room safe
Also popular with travelers from the USA
Special features
DiningDuca Federico - This restaurant specializes in local cuisine and serves dinner only.
Dei Duchi, Urbino’s small print
Also known as
- Duchi Hotel Urbino
- Duchi Ur 21,00 per night
Buffet breakfast is offered for an extra charge of EUR 5 per person (approximately)
Cribs/Infant.
What’s around Dei Duchi, Urbino
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Rimini (RMI-Federico Fellini Intl.) 63-min drive
- Urbino Station 8-min drive
- Free self parking
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
Airport Fence
Airport, Barbed Wire Fence,
Airport fence also called Y shape security fence. It is consist of Y shape post, welded mesh, security connecting parts and hot-dipped galvanized razor wire.
Material: low carbon steel wire.
Process: straight and cut wire, welding, inspection, polish, surface treatment.
Surface treatment: electro or hot-dipped galvanized after welding, then pvc or plastic spraying.
Connection type: mainly use the M shape clip.
Advantage of airport fence:
1、Easily transport, easily install, beautiful and practical
2、Attractive appearance, variety colors. Not only a fence but also a good scenery.
3、Good anti climb character, high safety, effective prevent the destroy by the maybe invader.
4、Airport fence has four strength bending wire, make the mesh much stronger
5、It can adapt all kinds of geography.
Airport fence application: mainly used in the airport protection. Airport fence also can used in the railway, high way, bridge, military center, port, municipal construction, park, lawn, zoo, lake, road, residential area separation and protection, hotel, supermarket and entertainment place as decoration.
Airport fence specification:
Material: 3mm—8mm high quality low carbon steel wire
Mesh size: 50*100mm 50*180mm 60*120mm
Panel size: 1.8*3m 2.5x3m
Post: 60X60mmIdentity Theft New Account Fraud: Financial Identity Theft In this article it is important to flesh out New Account Fraud Share Flip Pin Email Identity Theft Theft Methods Basics Prevention Practices Recovery Business I.D. Theft By Robert Siciliano Updated August 13, 2017 It is important to flesh out New Account Fraud and its impact on consumers and their credit lines. As identity thieves continue to breach data bases and steal Social Security numbers, new account fraud will continue to plague the public.New Account FraudNew Account Fraud is generally financial identity theft in the form of new accounts using another's personal identifying information to obtain products and services using that person’s good credit standing. A Social Security Number (SSN) is often, but not always, required for most lines of credit to commit new account fraud. When applying for new accounts, the thief is likely to use a different mailing address; the victim never sees the bills for these new accounts and may or may not eventually be contacted by the creditors when the debt goes unpaid.Utility FraudThere. Utilities that require SSN may or may not check the credit of the person when opening the new account. In the event, the bill is not paid the utility who issued credit may simply shut off the account or attach the debt onto the victim's credit report via their SSN. In these cases, the victim may find out only when they or a creditor goes to check their credit for another loan and then sees the debt and is denied credit. I worked on a case and appeared on a broadcast with a woman whose husband was fighting in the Iraqi War, while she was at home waging her own battle at home. An identity thief stole her husband's identity and opened numerous utilities under his name. She was contacted by the IRS and various utilities. Payment was demanded even though she explained it wasn’t possible for her husband to have opened the accounts. At the time, the thief had been functioning as this man for 3.5 years.Loan FraudSS mortgage fraud as it relates to new accounts. In all of these cases the victim will not find out about the fraud until the car has long been sold on the black market and the bill never gets paid, or until the home is flipped or the mortgage refinanced, and the debt goes outstanding.Credit Card FraudThe most lucrative and most prevalent new account fraud is new credit card accounts. Credit card fraud equates to almost half of all identity theft. Simply put, identity thieves love credit cards because they are the easiest new accounts to open, and they can turn into cash the fastest.The system of credit is based on “easy.” Easy credit is the foundation of a credit-driven society, and the recession hasn’t dampened the issuance of credit cards. The last I read, there are as many as 3.5 billion pre-approved credit card applications mailed every year to consumers' mailboxes. Credit cards are generally issued to those of legal age, 18 plus. At 15 years they may be able to piggyback on their parents' credit cards. But as soon as they graduate high school or get to that age, the process begins. If there are 200 million people age 18 and over receiving all these applications, that’s a lot of junk mail that goes in the trash' anonymity.Instant CreditInstant.What exacerbates the problem is when someone shares the victim' credit is destroyed as a result of thieves' actions; their subsequent credit ratings prompt creditors and even insurers to grant them higher interest rates due to their perceived risks. Show Full ArticleBy Bob Cesca
Ifth. a Muslim is equally as guilty and offensive as the terrorists who hijacked and crashed two airplanes into the World Trade Center towers.
It must be an election year because Republicans are once again rolling out September 11th the Cordoba issue. Well, I urge Sarah Palin to weigh in on the strip club "at Ground Zero." We're waiting, Sarah. Will you campaign against the strip club? How about the gun shows that happen at Cox Pavillion, not far from the site of the Oklahoma City bombing? Or the shinto shrines a mile or two from Pearl Harbor?
(see link above for full article)Dog Walking in Noblesville
Book a dog walker to give your dog a 30-minute walk around your neighborhood.
I Ruff your Dog!
Noblesville, IN, 46060
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
I have three dogs of my own
Noblesville , IN, 46062
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
I speak Dog! Will roll on ground pl
Noblesville, IN, 46060
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Pups and kitties!
Noblesville, IN, 46060
Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
I'll protect and run with your dog
Noblesville, IN, 46062
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Let me help you love your dog
Noblesville, IN, 46062
Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Home part-time DOG LOVER
Noblesville, IN, 46060
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Love and attention is my speciality
Noblesville, IN, 46060
Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Love Dogs-Large Fenced Yard
Fishers, IN, 46038
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Fur mama helping you out with pets
Carmel, IN, 46033
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Part-time Dog Walker or Sitter
Noblesville, IN, 46060
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Rover also offers dog walking in:
Are you a dog lover who wants to know more about how to turn your passion into profit? There's lots of opportunity to earn money as a dog walker in Nobles Nobles Noblesville, Noblesville, IN, Rover.com is the simple, smart way to find and book dog walking services. Our Noblesville dog walkers are dog lovers first and foremost, and 95% of reviewed stays and walks have received a perfect five-star rating. Every new Rover dog walker in Nobles Noblesville with Rover's dog walking services.
In short, when you book Noblesville dog walking on Rover, your dog gets the loving care they deserve, and you get to relax knowing that your pet is in good hands.Buzzfeed is currently running a list of the “Top 21 Viral Memes About Boys! A Must Read For Anyone Raising One.”
As one can imagine, it is nothing more than the typical feminist tract about how horribly sexist men and boys are. I really wish feminists would stop trying to “help” men and boys. When feminists try to “help”, it ends up looking more like kicking a person while they are down. Let us go down the list:
Question: if it would destroy a 12-year-old girl to be called a boy, what are we teaching her about boys? I ask only because I do not know any girl who wants to be called a boy. For that matter, I doubt few women want to be called men. It is typical of both sexes to not want to be called the opposite sex.
Question: where is the homophobia? The last time I checked, gay man does not equal being female. Two: is it okay to call the athletes boys as an insult? I ask only because it is just as common as calling them girls.
Question: does no one refer to shy, creative, sensitive, and intellectual boys as all-boy? Better yet, are we to assume that rowdy, athletic boys are not also shy, creative, sensitive and intellectual?
It would help if the guy complaining about that argument did not resort it to himself.
Question: can you give an example of an actual, preferably well-known feminist who makes that argument? I ask only because the one prominent feminist mentioned above seems to think that unless men are taught to behave otherwise, they will become a bunch of brutish women abusers who will have their violence supported and encouraged by a misogynistic society.
Just so we are clear: it is wrong to control your emotions, wrong to control your fear, wrong not to show weakness, wrong to demonstrate power and control, wrong to think aggression equals dominance even though that is the feminist position on aggression, wrong to be a protector, wrong to be heterosexual, wrong to not act like a ridiculous stereotype, wrong to be tough, athletic, strong, or courageous, wrong to think that you should be able to make decisions without other people’s help, and wrong to express your sexual attraction towards women? Really?
Question: what about the men? Seriously, what about men and boys? Do we not also need to teach boys to respect other males or are females the only ones deserving of respect?
Question: and when we see little girls doing the same thing, should we step in?
Question: the only thing that tests my manhood is how I treat women? So if I treat other males like garbage, I am still a man? If I torture animals, I am still a man? If I destroy the environment, I am still a man?
It would help the argument if these were not the images of men that women and girls apparently prefer and seek out.
Perhaps, but unless you are a sexy vampire or werewolf or a beast with a tiny scar over your eye, no one cares.
Funny how the caption for this read “They Can Enjoy Pink And Sparkling Things…” Here is a tip: most kids do not care about this kind of stuff. Only adults do, and as many kids can attest, adults can be stupid-faced asshats, like when they jump to conclusions about a kid wearing shoeing because they are “pink and sparkling,” not because he thought they were “made out of zebras.”
No one. But you must admit it is rather odd for 40-year-old men or women to be obsessed with a TV show made for five-year-old girls.
How ironic that Peter Pan was able to do in two words what has taken the author of the list fourteen pictures to fail to explain.
Yes, because every child plays with toys the exact same way, and there is no way that a boy might feed the baby doll and then have it “poop” on his other toys as the “monster” baby that destroys the city.
Question: who said that singing and dancing was not masculine? Or where they talking about a specific type of singing and dancing. I ask only because I am pretty sure most people think this guy is rather masculine.
Funny how what Anne Hathway said has nothing at all to do with “[Their] Interests [Saying] Nothing About Their Sexuality Or Gender Expression.”
Yes, he is. However, no one says that men cannot be pretty. It is simply that only certain men and boys are considered pretty. Like muscle-bound blond men who take their shirts off so they can be eye-candy for women.
Question: are most boys blind? I ask only because it seems like most humans can see well enough, and they interact with enough other people to realize that half of them are not male.
How ironic that the author chose an image of poor, dark-skinned Indian boys, a group most likely to experience a great deal of disempowerment and disrespect.
The caption reads “And One Day Soon We Will Be Using The Expression “Boys Will Be Boys” To Describe This,” which comes across as implying boys will be boys when they do what girls do.
That is, of course, an excellent message to send boys. The way you are now sucks. Only when you do what women want you to do will you have any quality or worth because there is nothing inherently good about boys and men. Only women have the good qualities.
Nicely done. That kind of message will certainly pick up their self-esteem.
“Question: can you give an example of an actual, preferably well-known feminist who makes that argument?”
The cartoon is an example of the way that feminists see themselves: as eminently moderate, reasonable and intelligent while the entire society around them is sick and stupid. And terribly ignorant of what feminism is.
In reality, our ‘moderate, reasonable feminist’ who only wants ‘equality’ nonetheless sees rape as a crime that society encourages (unsubstantiated), that gender is a social construct (a faith-based claim she will never feel the need to actually prove), that women are underpaid due to discrimination (a statement which is vacant of economics, econometrics, how businesses function and critical thinking) and that a vast conspiracy called ‘Patriarchy’ controls every facet of human life. You won’t see that stuff in the cartoon, of course. It’s only meant for those who’ve already drunk the Kool Aid.
1. I think the point of this one was that being called a boy/being a tomboy has mostly positive implications, whereas being called a girl/being a tomgirl has only negative ones. True, the vast majority of girls don’t want to be called boys and vice versa…but saying “my daughter throws like a boy” has a much different connotation than saying “my son throws like a girl”.
2. I agree; where is the homophobia? Also, no it is not okay to call grown adult men “boys”, just as it’s not okay to call grown adult women “girls”.
3. Most of the time, no. I’ve only ever heard the term “all-boy” used when referring to boys who are on numerous sports teams, are rough and tumble, are loud and talk over their younger siblings, or are into cars/dirtbikes/dune buggies. I’ve never heard it used to describe boys who are shy/intellectual/bookworms or a combination of the two types. I’d like this to change though…
4. I agree.
5. No, I can’t.
6. Nothing on this list is wrong to do, other than the last one. Viewing women as property or objects to own is *not* the same as expressing your affection or attraction towards them.
7. Everyone is worthy of respect. Women should not get preferential treatment.
8. Yes, we should.
9. I agree. This one is just stupid.
10. I agree, but think it needs to change. I applaud the message of the poster, even though the photos on it belay their point.
11. Hagrid is a far better role model than the two teens pictured aboe him. I’d rather be friends with/date someone like that before those two Twilight characters.
12. I agree.
13. I agree.
14. I agree.
15. Agree, but not quite sure what your point is. I just think toys are for everyone, and shouldn’t have labels of gender on them.
16. I agree.
17. Not sure what you’re getting at.
18. Don’t like Thor, Loki is much more realistic looking and attractive in my opinion. Then again, I also think Rumplestiltskin/Mr. Gold from Once Upon ATime is far better looking than the “pretty boys” they have in the show.
19. I agree.
20. Here’s an idea: Teach children to be respectful to everyone, not just certain groups.
21. I get that you want boys to learn that being nurturing is good, but that shouldn’t come at the cost of forcing them into gender roles they don’t want. Same with girls who enjoy female gender roles…they’re not for me, but I’m not so arrogant as claim they’re wrong for girls who are actually fine being girls.
If this list was meant for men, or women who care about men, it basically failed.
” The last time I checked, gay men does not equal being female. ”
What, you mean there aren’t many straight men who want to sleep with a gay man?
“The cartoon is an example of the way that feminists see themselves”
A real feminist who believed that way would probably have bomb threats made to her by other feminists, like Erin Pizzey.
The Good Men Project showcased some of these memes. Of them all, I focused on the one about teaching boys to respect women then put a response asking about when are we going to get women or girls to do the same and not allow them a free pass to hurt, belittle, or treat them like trash.
Unsurprisingly, my comment was deleted.
God I can be so naive about them at times.
Edit: I mean to add “When are going to get women or girls to do the same for boys?”
Chucking so gay…..
About the first one I’d rather ask “If it would destroy a 12 year old boy to be called a girl what then are we teaching him about himself and other boys?” Simple we are teaching him that in order to be considered a boys he must exist within an extremely narrow band of acceptable activity.
The My Little Pony one makes me wonder though.
Hit the Post button too soon.
The My Little Pony thing makes sense to me. From what little I’ve seen of MLP there are action sequences in it which is probably what draws them to it. But to look at it another way.
I was almost 15 when Powerpuff Girls started on Cartoon Network and I watched it and no one batted an eye. These days shows like Adventure Time and Regular Show have huge following among adults yet its aimed at kids.
I’m pregnant with my first son, and the pressure from other moms and society at large to feminize him is strong. Moms are now expected to go out of their way to make sure their boys are allowed to play with girl toys, are offered girl clothes, and encouraged to have feminine interests such as princesses and ponies. Today’s moms now need to prove that they’re open-minded and gender-blind enough to be accepted by the other liberal-leaning, feminist moms. It’s now considered offensive to let your boy be a boy with natural masculine interests and traits. Take a look at any of the parenting magazines – they’re always talking about ways to be more gender-neutral and why you should paint your boy’s nails and take him to get pedicures, etc. Ridiculous.
@charlotte
Without masculine energy how could society survive adversity and challenges? It the addition of the male that enabled us to be the higher creature we are today if one is to follow evolutionary theory.
Very quickly and easily did the female-only species and hermaphrodites be overrun with species that are both male and female.
@charlotte @infowarrior1
The part I don’t understand that you folks in the US and similar places somehow let liberals, who are an _elite_ culture by definition, dictate your _general, popular_ culture?
I mean this stuff about not letting boys be boys might somehow make sense when dad is a professor and mom is a fashion designer, or at least if both have a university degree, but why on Earth do common everyday people say plumbers and hairdressers follow this elite?
I mean we have this kind of liberal elites in Hungary but the common everyday people do not imitate them, they say “you folks who have these lucky lives are totally out of touch with the rest of us”.
Tarnished:
My point is that it depends on the type of singing and dancing a man does that prompts questions about his masculinity. Theater is culturally associated with gay men, so the assumption is that any man interested in theater must be gay. However, if that same man simply sang and danced, people would not question his masculinity as much.
Charlotte, I have found that all the attempts to make boys be androgynous tend to fail. Boys will act however their general personality prompts them to. If your son is interested in playing with dolls, you will know it because he will ask for them or play with them on his own. But you should also watch how he plays with them. He might be more interested because of their size and accessories, not because he wants to play dress up. My godson played with his sister’s old Barbies and used them as female characters from Bleach and Naruto. He had no interest in them otherwise, although he did eventually have to comb their hair because it would get tangled in other toys.
Likewise, he painted his nails blue because of characters from Naruto did that. He again had no interest in doing anything considered feminine. He just wanted to look like Uchiha Itachi. The same with growing his hair long. He wanted to look like Kuchiki Byakuya from Bleach (the character has long hair).
Far too often people jump to conclusions about boys’ intentions, and instead of letting boys be who they are, people try to control them to meet their political interests. On the plus side, most kids shatter those attempts very quickly. Eventually the kid shows their own personality, and parents just have to deal with it.
I watched Powerpuff Girls, too. I was about 14 when they debuted. I am not saying there is anything wrong with adults watching shows for children. I cannot say that when I watch the Ninja Turtles and Power Rangers. However, My Little Pony is geared to a very young audience, and the male fan response involves a Star Wars-level obsession. That is just odd. Like when adult women fawned over 15-year-old Justin Bieber.
Feminism is all about ‘fixing’ men because we’re supposedly not good the way we are–that is, we’re not the way feminists want us to be.
Fuck that. And THAT’s the message that men and boys need to hear.
It’s just a testament to the quality writing of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic that there are so many bronies and pegasisters drawn to it among the five-year-old mostly girls that it’s primarily aimed at. Odd? Certainly. But the oddity lies not within the psyche of the adult fans, but at the fact that a little kid show wasn’t horribly phoned in like they tend to be. And marketing attention is paid to this secondary demographic, to the point of it no longer being merely incidental.
Whenever I set aside time to watch it, though, I always find something else to do… Curse you, Pokémon, Animal Crossing, Mass Effect and Halo!
But the main body of the article is just carrot and stick. “We’ll respect you if you shut up and get back in your cage” I can hear Admiral Ackbar screaming from all the way over here, in our Milky Way galaxy. That’s a lotta light years. Disrespect is why people (mainly straight men, but mostly men in general – and also women who don’t toe the party line (are trans* and not staunchly feminist or being used as cheap labour by feminist bureaucrats and whistleblowing on the fact.)) are leaving their cages in the first place!
“However, My Little Pony is geared to a very young audience, and the male fan response involves a Star Wars-level obsession. ”
I’ve watched quite a bit of it. If it’s aimed at anything younger than 12-year olds I’ll eat my hat.
Plus there’s a subtext that’s even more mature than that.
I’m so sick of the “most insulting thing to call a boy is a girl” meme. Yeah, it might be true, but so what? How many girls and women like to be complimented on their manly physique? How many of them would take “rugged” as a compliment?
How dare someone take you calling them something they aren’t as an insult.
And I’m also sick of this compulsive need to force boys to like girly things. If your son wants to play with dolls, I’m all for that… but don’t put him in a dress just so you can look progressive. It’s like that kid who recently had to “come out” as straight to his mother.
@Soldier
Ah, alright. Thanks for the clarification.
Typhon, I am sure there is a lot of subtext in the show because the writers are adults. They also know that they have a large adult audience. I suspect they add in more adult subtext as a result. The same thing was true of the cartoons I grew up with. When I watched them again as an adult, I spotted all sorts of mature content that a 7-year-old would never catch.
Paul: And I’m also sick of this compulsive need to force boys to like girly things.
I saw on the news a few years back some smug, self-satisfied ‘progressive’ parents wouldn’t tell their kid what sex it was and they were all coy about the ‘mystery.’ (There was no mystery. It was obviously a boy who was flouncing around in a pink dress. A girl in overalls wouldn’t make the news.) The parents were all like “We don’t want to force an identity onto the child.”
But then the news asked if they forbade any kinds of things and they said “yes, we forbid the hypermasculine stuff.”
Ahh, so that’s their game: claim the child is free to choose his own identity while designating one end of the spectrum to be bad.
But if they want to turn their house into a suicide factory, I suppose that’s their right. Who am I to judge?
And let’s say the family’s experiment was a success? The kid grows-up to wear dresses and make-up and use women’s bathrooms. That’s a win?
i’m going to disagree with you on the MLP:FIM thing. It’s no surprise that geeks who like fantasy would watch it (unicorns, pegasus, minotaurs, griffins, etc). as a cartoon fan i give everything that isn’t anime a chance. season 1 is well-written & that is what hooked early adopters. the 2nd season & after has even more nods for adult viewers, which is what encouraged the obsession & made it spread in popularity. yes, i’m a brony.Place your promotion here
You have no items in your shopping cart.
- $931.94ColActive Plus Collagen Dressing 7" x 7"
- $24,420.59Oasis Ultra Tri-Layer Matrix Dressing 2-3/4" x 7-7/8" Pad
- $9,593.80Oasis Ultra Tri-Layer Matrix Dressing 1-1/6" x 1-3/8" Pad
- $4,255.10Oasis Fenestrated Wound Matrix Dressing 1-1/6" x 2-3/4"
- $2,043.68Oasis Fenestrated Wound Matrix Dressing 3 cm x 3-1/2 cm
- $281.73CollaSorb Collagen Dressing 4" x 4"
- $14.18Collasorb Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $141.75CollaSorb Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $691.40Biobrane Temporary Wound Dressing 5" x 5"
- $19.34Skin Temp II Dressing Sheet 2" x 2"
- $41.28Skin Temp II Dressing Sheet 3" x 4"
- $21.26Triple Helix Collagen Dressing 2" x 2" Pad
- $26.08Gel Square 4" x 4"
- $25.56Gel-Care Self-Adhesive Gel Sheet 4" x 4"
- $28.35ColActive Plus Ag Collagen Dressing 4" x 4"
- $278.71ColActive Plus Ag Collagen Dressing 4" x 4"
- $13.23ColActive Plus Ag Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $126.63ColActive Plus Ag Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $1,748.65ColActive Plus Ag Collagen Dressing 7" x 7"
- $30.43ColActive Plus Collagen Dressing 4" x 4"
- $257.04ColActive Plus Collagen Dressing 4" x 4"
- $10.58ColActive Plus Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $103.95ColActive Plus Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $88.76Biopad Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $70.50Puracol Plus AG Collagen Antimicrobial Silver Dressing 4-1/4" x 4-1/2"
- $704.98Puracol Plus AG Collagen Dressing 4-1/4" x 4-1/2"
- $185.75Puracol Plus AG Collagen Dressing 2" x 2"
- $405.35Biostep Ag Collagen Matrix Dressing 4" x 4"
- $491.36PROMOGRAN Dressing 19 sq. in. Hexagon
- $179.20PROMOGRAN Dressing 4 sq. in. Hexagon
Price
$0.00
$24Longford musician to play fundraising gig tomorrow, Sunday
Fresh from a stellar turn as Lucas Beineke in the hugely successful St Mel’s Musical Society show ‘The Addams Family’, Sean Rooney is preparing for his next outing on the Backstage Theatre stage.
A keen and accomplished musician, Sean has been playing in bands since he was fourteen, and he will perform as part of a three-piece band tomorrow Sunday, May 1 in a fundraiser for the society of which he is an active member.
The Killoe native first performed with St Mel’s Musical Society in 2010, taking on the roll of Sky Masterson in ‘Guys and Dolls’, to great acclaim. He has also performed the roles of Curly McLain in ‘Oklahoma’, as well as ‘Perchik’ in last year’s ‘Fiddler on the Roof’.
The grandson of the late showband legend Brian Harkin, Sean has performed in venues all over Ireland and has written and recorded his own music. Counting The Kinks, Paul Weller, Van Morrison and Otis Redding as major influences, Sean’s sound has been described by Charlie McGettigan as ‘very international’ and ‘absolutely brilliant’, so tomorrow night should be another success for the society.
The show starts at 8pm and tickets, which cost just €12, are available from the theatre box office on 043 33 47888 or online at.
Leave your comment
Share your opinions ontag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1555265942009499208.post2239878115023081859..comments2013-09-26T00:13:28.440-07:00Comments on ACE diet pills lets get skinny : ACE Diet pillsACE diet pills lets get skinny control and energy are the key challenges...Appetite control and energy are the key challenges consumers face when trying to lose weight. Fortunately, ACE has helpful solutions that make it a little easier to reach those weight loss goals and enjoy success.<br /><a href="" rel="nofollow"> a.c.e. diet </a>Andrew Hall information about the diet pills and get skin...Good information about the diet pills and get skinny.<a href="" rel="nofollow">a.c.e. diet</a><br /><br />plotg!
D/P/Pt Favorite Key Item
- Slix
- Administrator
- Posts: 4,414
- Joined: Mon Nov 15, 2010 7:08 pm
- Gender: Male
- Location: In a beautiful collision.
I usually have the Bicycle set as the registered item, but sometimes, depending on what I'm doing in-game, I'll register the Super Rod or PokéRadar or VS. Seeker.
Discuss!
- Chaze the Chat
- Global Moderator
- Posts: 3,507
- Joined: Fri Nov 19, 2010 11:33 am
- Gender: Male
- Location: Check the trunk
- Gluttony
- Poliwag Grandparent
- Posts: 2,611
- Joined: Fri Nov 19, 2010 10:11 pm
- Gender: Female
- Location: Somewhere, over the rainbow
If I were to restart a file the bike would be registered for the most part until after beating the game.
- Luminous Ninetails
- Poliwag Kid
- Posts: 230
- Joined: Sun Dec 26, 2010 11:03 pm
- Location: The FlipsideIf you’ve got a Michelin palate but not deep-filled Michelin pockets and if you’re ever in the East Midlands, near Clipsham, then you really must go and eat at The Olive Branch. Me and Mr were staying at nearby Hambleton Hall and it seemed rude not to try it as we were so near.
Think sleepy village dating back to the 17th century, houses built with Clipsham stone, topiary trees maintained by the Forestry Commission and a pub which was once three farm labourers cottages. The Olive Branch became only the second pub in the country to receive a Michelin star back in 2002 and has held on very tightly to it since then. It’s absolutely worth pointing out that whilst it has the status it doesn’t have the attitude and it’s informal and welcoming. Pedro is the manager here and has a great way with his customers, within minutes of sitting down Mr and him were talking Spanish football and the best restaurants in Madrid.
So how come there’s such a lovely, feel to the place, why does it feel a little home from home? Blackboards, dressers full of books, floor-to-ceiling logs, pine tables and standard lamps. OK, not my home but someone’s and I like this comfortable and unpretentious setting.
I discover that the man who once pot-washed at the pub in his teens bought it 15 years later. Sean Hope heads up a young team of chefs in the kitchen of this and his other pub The Red Lion in Stathern. Passionate about using the best of what the local land has to offer you can see this mirrored in the pub menu. There are the classics which sit harmoniously next to the slightly more exotic but don’t expect to see food which has been through a foam gun or been dehydrated to within an inch of its life.
Now, I need to apologise in advance for the photo quality. I put Mr in charge of the photographs which was a big, no sorry, a huge mistake. When his only job was to take close-up pictures of the food, he drops the Blackberry in his plate. He’s still picking dried gravy from the keyboard. I’m afraid the lines on some of the images is the result of the gravy-damage.
Things began well when they had my gin du jour ‘Sipsmith’ but ended badly when they served it with Schweppes tonic, gents please try Fever Tree it’s a much nicer mixer. I had already ordered before I saw the House Cocktails list which included the ‘Clipsham Cooler’ which has gin, apple juice, elderflower, mint, lemon and ginger ale. But it was the Seasonal Country Cocktails list that caught my eye and the ‘Rhubarb Cocktail’ rhubarb syrup, lemon juice, gin and vanilla essence, topped with soda (£6.75) the non-alcoholic version is (£2.35) an interesting drink if you’re the nominated driver. There’s a good choice of beer, chosen to work with the menu and include light beers, cider, full-bodied blondes, fruit and dark rich beers.
A lovely board of bread arrived, sweet warm wholemeal with a great crust and served with a generous amount of herb and black olive butter.
We ordered a jug of tap water and that was regularly filled, without prompt. The menu is specific to each day and on the reverse there’s a local map with names and locations of the all the suppliers. A great read if the conversation begins to wane.
We had to try the sloe gin pickled quails eggs from the bar menu, a bargain (£3.00) as two shot glasses arrived with three eggs in each. Now coloured pink, these eggs had a perfectly spiced white and the softest creamy yolk, nothing like the pickled, dry hard-boiled eggs I remember floating in formaldehyde-like jars on pub counters.
For starters I chose the tempura battered tiger prawns, big boys coated in a light and very crispy batter. The chilli sauce was livened-up with a little more salt and the prawns were perfection (£9.25).
Mister chose lamb which was rolled and stuffed with apricot and spinach and served on a mound of Moroccan spiced lentils. This was belly and the unctuous lamb fat was quite strong, delicately tempered with the apricot and packing a punch with the spicy lentils (£6.95).
The choice was great from a shared tapas board (£17.50) to Norfolk asparagus soup (£5.50), potted smoked Cornish mackerel (£6.95) and a roast breast of wood-pigeon, saute wild mushroom and a foie gras rarebit (£9.25).
On to the mains and we were so close to Lincolnshire it would have been rude for either of us not to have had the Lincolnshire sausages. I ordered those and got a dish of fat overstuffed herby porkers from the nearby Grasmere Farm. They sat on a creamy English mustard mash and that was surrounded by a moat of rich and sweet red onion gravy. (£14.50)
Mr had bone marrow crusted fillet of beef aged for 28 days and this came with farmhouse cabbage and horseradish rosti (£25.00). The steak, had a super herb parmesan crust and was cooked absolutely on the money. The rosti was delicious, large and crispy.
The side dish of roasted Jerusalem artichokes and bacon (£3.50) was out of this world. I don’t think I have tasted a side dish with so much flavour in ages. Artichokes had been roasted and then pan-fried with salty lardons.
The chips (cut from Rutland Sagita potatoes) are cooked in beef dripping and taste as good as they look here.
We left no room for dessert, even for the ‘small plates’ on offer. Our dining neighbours did and this was no ordinary plate of condensed culinary sweetness, because liquid nitrogen pooled in the base of the serving dish and when the fun ran out there was a jug-full to keep the table entertained.
I had to steal myself away from the shop, conveniently placed by the exit where pickles, chutneys, jams, wine, olive oils and hand creams were on sale. Wines could be ordered and collected from the shop, although they can also be delivered but of course you’ll need to pay the delivery.
Mr spent forever in the gents, not using the facilities it would seem, simply staring at them. He was so in awe of the cistern cover he took a variety of pictures.
My only disappointment is that I don’t live in the East Midlands but we will definitely be back, with friends. The company own The Beech House a bed and breakfast opposite. Three suites and three double bedrooms all with their own personal twist. I have my eye on the Chocolate Suite, sadly it’s just the colour-way!
The Barn, is another dining room but it’s also where you take breakfast if you stay in the pub’s B&B and it’s also a great space for meetings and private parties.
Expect some great things out of the pub in the coming months, they’re offering wine gourmet dinners hosted by the wine makers. The first was on St George’s Day and celebrated British wine. In the summer, Spain is celebrated and at the beginning of the game season there will be a French evening. It might be worth noting that they’re also offering 25% discount at the Beech House for anyone booking a wine dinner. What a perfect place to nurse the next day hangover and I hear the breakfast is something else.
The bill including drinks (a gin and tonic and a pint and a carafe of Malbec) was £100 including service.
The Olive Branch, Main Street, Clipsham, Rutland, LE15 7SHHigh Point career opportunities, and registering for elective lectures. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Given a business management degree, you may find your niche in operations, human resources, sales, or advertising. Concentrating on High Point University career opportunities, continuing education courses as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Records Coordinator I
University of the Pacific
Work performed between standard business hours. Prepares I-20 documents and enters data into Banner for IPS . Occasional climbing stairs, walking across campus..
2 days ago Intern, IT Project Management Office Job
SAP
Business Administration, Management, Business Information Technology, or adjacent disciplines. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are..
2 days ago Bilingual Weight Control Counsleor
Medifast Weight Control Centers of California
Meeting personal and center business goals. Please include a cover letter with your resume, and indicate to which location you would like to apply.
3 days ago Marketing in Private Practice
Wellness Champions
Growing healthcare education company located in Wichita is seeking an independent contractor who is a self-starter with strong marketing/sales capabilities.
2 daysCoolpad Cool Play 6 which is sold exclusively on Amazon comes up against Blu Vivo 8. With both smartphones having a price tag under $250 USD, there’s no denying the value that both smartphones are delivering, let’s check them out now.
For those of you who may not know Coolpad, they are a company from Shenzhen, China. Just like any other Chinese manufacturer, they are set to bring great value for money in the smartphone marketplace that will benefit us all. With a price tag at ~$250 USD, most would have wanted a mid-range performer with all the bells and whistles that you can wish for.
Let’s begin by taking a closer look at Cool Pay 6 as per below:
- 5.5-inch Full HD IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1080 x 1920 pixels or ~401 ppi pixel density
- Metal body
- Fingerprint sensor
- Qualcomm MSM8976 Pro Snapdragon 653 chipset, Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A72) processor, Adreno 510 graphics and Nougat 7.1.1, upgradeable to Android Oreo 8.0
- Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh battery
- Dual-sim and 4G LTE
- September 4th, 2017 release date
- 14,999 Indian Rupee or ~$235 USD price tag
With a 5.5-inch Full HD IPS screen, you can say this is the size that almost everyone loves at the moment. Throw in an elegant metal body and fingerprint sensor, you have yourself a good look and feel smartphone.
But the Cool Play 6 is unlike your average device. With the highly-rated mid-range Snapdragon 653 chipset, a fast octa-core processor, good graphics and a whopping 6GB RAM, there’s nothing like it at the moment at this price-performance ratio. Moreover, there isn’t a smartphone that comes with 6GB RAM at this price tag.
All power and no fun will be kind of disappointing, won’t it? Here’s to lots of fun with the dual 13MP primary camera with all the features that you can ask for such as Bokeh effect. Then there’s the 8MP selfie camera for all your selfie needs.
Regarding storage, 64GB of internal storage is all there is on the Cool Play 6. With no expansion slot, you will have to turn to cloud storage or even USB-on-the-go for more space.
Battery-wise, the 4000 mAh battery should be more than sufficient to be able to power up the smartphone for at least a day or two. According to Coolpad, it should be able to deliver the performance of a 4500mAh battery due to optimisations being made to its software.
But even better is that Cool Play 6 is upgradeable to Android Oreo 8.0 – the latest operating system to hit the streets before the end of the year.
Let’s now turn our attention to Vivo 8. Surely many of you haven’t heard of the company called Blu right? Well, they are from Miami, Florida and it is surprising to have a smartphone manufacturer hailing out from the United States.
Here’s to the latest coming out from the United States, Vivo 8:
- 5.5-inch Full HD IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1080 x 1920 pixels or ~401 ppi pixel density
- Metal body with curved glass
- Fingerprint sensor
- Gorilla Glass 3 protection
- Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 chipset, Octa-core (4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53) processor, Mali-T860 graphics and 4GB RAM
- 13MP primary camera with f/2.0 aperture, phase detection autofocus and LED flash
- 16MP secondary camera with LED flash
- 64GB internal storage + microSD expansion slot up to 64GB maximum
- Non-removable Li-Po 4010 mAh battery with Fast battery charging (100% in less than 2 hours)
- Android Nougat 7.0
- Dual sim and 4G LTE
- August 2017 release date
- $249 USD price tag
There’s a lot of similarities between the two, starting with its screen size and technology. Vivo 8 also sports a 5.5-inch Full HD IPS screen with metal body and fingerprint sensor as well. But there’s the advantage of curved glass which makes it even nicer to hold. Then there’s the Gorilla Glass 3 protection to protect your precious smartphone against any uncertainties.
Performance-wise, Vivo 8 falls slightly behind with its Helio P10 chipset, a decently fast octa-core processor, good graphics and 4GB RAM. But it still packs a punch anyway, where mid-range performance is concerned.
In terms of camera, Vivo 8 did not stand a chance at all with its 13MP primary camera. But it more than makes up for the 16MP selfie camera that also comes with LED flash. This means that you can take shots even in the dark, and your photos will still look as bright as day.
Another advantage that Vivo 8 has is in its storage. Both smartphones may share the same internal storage capacity at 64GB, but Vivo 8 includes an expansion slot that can take in an additional 64GB.
Lastly, a 4010 mAh battery is found on Vivo 8 that should have no problem supplying enough juice to the smartphone for a day or two. And when it is time to plug it in, the fast battery charging feature ensures that you only need less than 2 hours to get it up to 100%.
Conclusion:
Coolpad Cool Play 6 is a solid mid-range smartphone that offers a lot more value than most other smartphones. Great 5.5-inch Full HD IPS screen, great hardware with 6GB RAM, an amazing dual 13MP primary camera setup, large 4000 mAh battery capacity, and the promise of getting the update to the upcoming Android Oreo 8.0 are all the characteristics that make it a winner. It is also slightly cheaper in this case.
Coolpad Cool Play 6 had just been released last September 4th for approximately 14,999 Indian Rupee or ~$235 USD. It is available in Gold and Black colour.
Meanwhile, for Blu Vivo 8, it is also offering its own solid mid-range experience. Great 5.5-inch Full HD IPS screen, great metal body with curved glass, good mid-range hardware, great 16MP selfie camera, large 4010 mAh battery with Fast battery charging makes for an irresistible combination.
Blu Vivo 8 had just been released last August 2017 for approximately $249 USD and is available in Gold and Black colour.
News From
.Con Talk: Denver Comic Con 2017 Day 3 -Total Con Recall
Denver Comic Con 2017 Day 3 Total Con Recall Dalton here with a few brief notes closing out the festivities of DCC 2017. It was a great year, as the con only gets stronger. First, I want to talk briefly about the Chiklis panel below, then get into my impression […]Just got back from visiting the preserve for the first time. Learned a few things including that most of the park is closed to non-hunters during the migration (October to February) not because the hunters don’t want to be disturbed but also to not disturb the birds. It seems that all of California and a small parcel of Texas has literally changed the habits of the birds to feeding at night and sleeping during the day. I didn’t learn the specifics of why that has happened, but nevertheless find it interesting. Also learned again as if I didn’t already know that the light is awesome at sunrise. The show was essentially over by 8:00. It was very nice to get out after hiding from the heat during the summer, and the respite from the classes was nice too!
Gray Lodge Wilderness Preserve
This entry was posted in Wanderings of Thought. Bookmark the permalink.Monday, August 14, 2017
2) Impermanence and death
(this article is the 2nd part of The Four Profound Thoughts that Turn the Mind Toward the Dharma)
"This existence of ours is as transient as autumn clouds.
To watch the birth and death of beings is like looking at the movement of a dance.
A lifetime is like a flash of lightning in the sky,
The great world systems with their various realms and planets that appear due to collective karma of beings inhabiting them will disintegrate one day. Then other worlds will be born and die again.[2] The long-living gods of higher states of existence know death too, just like any samsaric being. Rulers of vast celestial realms as well as rulers of humans will also die and their kingdoms will dissapear. Rich and poor, succesful people or losers, all will leave their present bodies and will not take with them any of their worldly achievements or failure. Death is indeed, the great equalizer:
Published by Jōshō Adrian Cirlea la 01:54 0 comentarii
Categories: DEATH AND IMPERMANENCE, OBON
Saturday, August 5, 2017
Funeral verses on the death of self power mind
A friend of mine asked me to send him a few words on the occasion of Obon festival, so I wrote these verses, which comprise the essentials of our teaching. I call them Funeral Verses on the Death of Self-Power Mind:
Cremate the old corpse of clinging to your so called merits and "spiritual realisations" in the fire of the twofould profound conviction.
Conduct.
***
Explanation of some terms for those who have little knowledge of Jodo Shinshu:
Thursday, August 14, 2014
Shinjin is freedom from death
Some say that we, nembutsu followers, live our daily life in a permanent obsession with death. But I say we live a life of relaxation and gratitude because the greatest matter of death and afterlife has already been solved for us by Amida Buddha.
We know we are free not only of the consequences of death which follows the end of this life, but of all deaths and rebirths of samsaric existence. We know that nobody we love in this life, or we have loved in the innumerable lives of the past, will ever be separated from us by death, because we’ll save them all once we attain Buddhahood in the Pure Land of Amida. So, how can faith (shinjin) in Amida be called „obsession with death”, when true FREEDOM is its natural consequence!
Namo Amida Butsu!
May you all have a meaningful Obon!
May all beings solve the matter of afterlife through faith in Amida Buddha!
Published by Jōshō Adrian Cirlea la 00:28 0 comentarii
Categories: DEATH AND IMPERMANENCE, OBON
S.Today, I’m taking a brief break from all of the modernity and postmodernity stuff I usually talk about to instead talk about good books. I’m taking my last comprehensive exam for my doctoral program tomorrow. This means I’ve completed all of the reading I need to do for coursework and exams, which allows meDocument Type
Department/Program
Virginia Institute of Marine Science
Publication Date
Winter 1-1-2001
Series
Wetlands Program Technical Report no. 01-2
Keywords
Wetland Restoration, Wetland Ecology, Riparian Wetlands, Forested Wetlands
Funding
This technical report was funded, in part, by the Virginia Coastal Resources Management Program of the Dept. of Environmental Quality through Grant #NA97O20181-01 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Office of Ocean and Coastal Resources Management, under the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972, as amended.
Recommended Citation
Newsome, A., Hershner, C., Schatt, D., & Virginia Institute of Marine Science, Wetlands Program. (2001) Riparian Forest Buffer Restoration Targeting for the Rappahannock River Watershed. Wetlands Program Technical Report no. 01-2. Virginia Institute of Marine Science, College of William and Mary.
Included in
Natural Resources and Conservation CommonsHistory
volunteers who served with the German forces in Russia use the
same Feldpost services as their fellow compatriots. In 1941, mail
up to 20gms was free of charge. Domestic rates were applied to
mail over 20gms to 1000gms as stated in the postal agreement
set up by the Vichy and German governments. These concessions
applied to mail sent to and from the occupied portion of France.
By late 1942, Feldpost service was granted in southern France.
LVF Propaganda Eastern Front Postcards
Very nice and rare "Cartes Postales de la Légion des Voluntaires Français" (French Volunteer Legion post cards). This complete set of 12 propaganda eastern front cards with sleeve was sold in Paris and other major cities. The Spanish Blue Division and Walloon Legion also had a similar set of propaganda cards with sleeve illustrating combatants fighting in the eastern front.
Nine propaganda labels and one souvenir sheet, honoring the LVF,
were distributed to the postal agencies in both occupied and unoccupied
France. The funds taken from the propaganda labels were used to
support the LVF and family members.
LVF Polar
Bear Sheet
On 24 October 1941 a souvenir
Polar Bear Sheet with a surcharge of 100 Francs was issued.
The Polar Bear with the red star represents Russia
while the Sword is the New Order. On the upper corner is the French
Vichy Axe with the LVF inscription.
An estimated 20,000 sheets were sold in the Paris Feldpost Headquarters
of the LVF. Another 5000 sheets were placed on sale on 31 October.
The sheet was designed by Vinay and engraved by Degorce. The sheets
were to be used for airmail service to and from the Eastern Front.
They were also used commercially. The Polar Bear sheets exist
perforated and imperforated. There are other varieties of the
sheet, which is listed in Michel specialized catalog. Forgeries
printed from the same plate exist.
On 10 December 1941, two perforated
Feldpost airmail labels were issued. One design shows a German
Junkers Ju 88 bomber going towards Moscow. The label has a 1Franc
surcharge with the red inscription "COURRIER OFFICIEL PAR AVION."
It was designed by J. E. Bonhotal and engraved by Pierre Gandon.
The other label shows a fighter returning from the Eastern Front.
Label has a surcharge of 10 Francs with similar inscription in
blue but with the word "SPECIAL" replacing "OFFICIEL." This label
was designed by Vinay and engraved by Degorce. A total of 450,000
pairs were printed and 141,000 pairs were sold.,BR> On 15 January
1942, the remaining 309,000 pairs were overprinted with the bilingual
inscription "FRONT DE L'EST/ OSTFRONT" (Eastern Front). A total
of 137,500 pairs were sold and the balanced destroyed. These labels
were sold by subscription and on open sale. Different varieties
of these labels exist.
LVF Air Labels
The cover was mailed by a French Colonel Legionnaire who was in training
in Debica, Poland. The cover shows a nice LVF Airmail Label with
the Eastern Front overprint written in French and German. Interestingly
it has a German 5 Rpf Hitler stamp probably to pay for the extra
letter weight. Covers showing legitimate postage stamps with legion
labels attached are rare. Notice the printed Expeditionary Force
in Russia above the Colonel's name. Below it are two French Airmail
labels with the Eastern Front overprints. On the bottom left is
a propaganda label with a French stamp and anti-bolshevik postal
cancel.
LVF Labels
On 20 April 1942, a set of five labels
each with a surtax of One Franc, were issue to commemorate the
130th Napoleonic Anniversary of the battle of Borodino in Russia.
The labels were printed by photogravure in sheets of 25 with adjoining
labels picturing the Legion's emblem. One million sets were printed.
Sold in Paris, Lyon and Marseilles.
Above shows LVF labels in blocks of four with the LVF emblem. This interesting Legion
set shows Frenchmen in combat. On one of the combat scenes shows
French Legionnaires with the NAZI salute honoring Napoleon's Grand
Army Grenadiers.
On 12 October 1942 the Vichy
government issued an official semi-postal stamp that was sold
to the public. The stamp design was taken from a recruiting poster
done by Eric. It depicts a Legionnaire and in the background a
column of Napoleonic grenadiers. The stamp was engraved by P.
Gandon. It has a postal value of 1.20 Francs with a surcharge
of 8.80 Francs. The sale of the semi-postal was used to benefit
the Legion. The stamp was printed in sheets of 20. The sheets
were arranged with the two top rows in blue, the middle row with
albino impressions and the two bottom rows in red. The coloring
was supposed to be patriotic. There were 120,000 sheets printed.
They were withdrawn from sale on 25 May 1943, thought remaining
valid until 1 November 1944. A set of 12 postcards was issued
showing propaganda pictures of the French Volunteer Legion. In
addition in 1943-44, the SS propaganda branch issued various recruiting
postcards. Some of these postcards have French inscriptions on
back, indicating the Waffen-SS needs your support. In addition
machine cancellations commemorating the Legion exist. They bear
different slogans, such as "CELEBREZ LE 30 AOUT L'ANNIVERSAIRE
DE LA LEGION."
French Legion
Tricolore Issues
The
Legion Tricolore issues shown on the left were legitimate semi-postal
stamps authorized by the Vichy Government. The proceeds of the
sale benefited the Legion. This was an attempt from the Vichy
Government to form an independent military army to protect French
interest. It only lasted for six months, Hitler did not like the
idea of the Legion transfering into a French governing system.
The former members opted in re-joining the LVF. The top cover
was actualy mailed to a LVF Coporal FPN 03865, 1st Batalion.
Above illustrates two
propaganda minister sepia cards with ExpositionTricolore, Lyon postal cancels posted on Tricolore semi-
[
Front Page ] [ Top]
[Previous Page [ Next
Page]Last week, Stephan Arnold wrote a great blog post about an older ZyLAB eDiscovery promotion video () which I posted at You Tube a while ago (although we did not call it eDiscovery in those days!). You can find the blog post here: The author is absolutely right that much of what can be […] […] […]
August 27, 2010
0Turkey.
Amid a fence-mending visit from Vice President Biden, Erdogan's tough rhetoric against the Kurds, a reliable and effective American partner in the fight against ISIS, appeared to force the U.S. to choose sides in the separate, and longstanding fead between its allies.
Erdogan had demanded that the Kurds, linked to a political group accused of committing acts of terrorism inside Turkey, move back across the river and away from his nation's western border with Syria. The call came despite Kurdish forces' effectiveness in fighting ISIS on the western side of the river.
Biden, in Turkey Wednesday to smooth relations as Ankara demands extradition of a U.S.-based cleric it accuses of plotting last month's failed coup, echoed Erdogan's call on the Kurds to leave Arab lands in Syria and return east of the Euphrates to traditional Kurdish territory. The vice president even threatening U.S..
The Syrian Democratic Forces have moved east across the Euphrates to prepare for the eventual liberation of Raqqa, Syria #defeatdaesh— OIR Spokesperson (@OIRSpox) August 25, 2016
The Obama administration considers the YPG and PKK separate groups.
Turkey had been calling on the Kurds to move east of the Euphrates River since a successful U.S.-backed operation to route ISIS in Manbij, a logistics hub for the terrorist group 20 miles from Syria's border with Turkey located on the western side of the river.
Wednesday, Turkey's president said his country's military operation into northern Syria would target both ISIS and Kurdish fighters of the YPG, calling both groups terrorist organizations.
Syrian Democratic Forces, as the U.S.-backed largely Kurdish fighting force is called, also includes some Arab fighters as well as the YPG.
Late last week, Syrian jets from President Bashar al-Assad's Air Force bombed Kurdish fighters in northern Syria with US special operations forces nearby, according to a US defense official, in another sign of the increasingly complex battlefield in Syria. US jets were sent to the area in response.
Turkey and Syria are long-time enemies.
But in recent days, Turkey has backed off calls for Assad to step down immediately, instead saying he could be part of a transitional government before leaving in the future.
Erdogan met with Russian President Putin earlier this month in Moscow, in a sign of increasing ties between the two counties. It was the first visit since Turkey shot down a Russian warplane in November.
Russia has supported the Syrian government in the past year by sending dozens of jets and attack helicopters to Syria to carry out airstrikes against rebel forces.
Turkey has long supported Syrian rebels fighting President Assad's regime forces during the five-year civil war.
The Obama administration has repeatedly called for Turkey to take more steps to seal its border with Syria to ISIS fighters.
Turkey's military operation into northern Syria Wednesday was seen as a welcomed step by senior defense officials in Washington.
Lucas Tomlinson is the Pentagon and State Department producer for Fox News Channel. You can follow him on Twitter: @LucasFoxNewsAs the director of licensing, Ms. Janie Lynne Sabin oversees the policies and procedures for Havenwood and maintains the compliance with the State of Utah and all Accreditation departments associated with Havenwood. Over the last four years Ms. Sabin has worked on different policies and procedure manuals for various treatment facilities. Ms. Sabin obtained her B.S. from Southern Utah University, in 2007. Ms. Sabin has over seven years of experience as a Paralegal for Hofeling Wayment and Marchant, LLP and then Blaine T. Hofeling, P.C. Ms. Sabin has direct experience with Property Law, Estate Planning and Business Law.
Janie Sabin, Director of Licensing/Compliance/Human ResourcesLower Locks
Lowell, MA
4/9/94
This is a two lock staircase on the Pawtucket Canal. The lower lock is in the foreground with the hotel on the left. Reflections on the upper left are in the glass of the footbridge that crosses the canal here. Behind the view is the Concord River whichy flows to tye right to the Merrimack River below the falls. Straight above the upper lock, the Pawtucket Canal leads through Lowell to Swamp Locks. Behind the low wooden structure gate house at the falls, water flows to the right into a hydraulic canal.The One Show Announces 2017 Winners
The One Show
May 12, 2017
“The Refugee Nation” Wins Best of Show
The One Club for Creativity () announced today the winners for the 44th Annual One Show Awards in cross-platform, film, intellectual property, interactive, mobile, radio, social influencer marketing, social media, and UX/UI. Hosted by Jessica Williams, former Daily Show correspondent, The One Show awarded Best of Show to “The Refugee Nation” for Amnesty International by Ogilvy/New York.
“In a year rife with political discord and social upheaval all around the world, ‘The Refugee Nation’ is a prime example of how our industry can both reflect and influence our culture,” said Kevin Swanepoel, CEO of The One Club for Creativity. “Evocative in its design and versatile in its application, ‘The Refugee Nation’ won Best of Design and Best of Cross-Platform before going on to win Best of Show.”
There were 243 Pencils awarded – 70 Gold, 75 Silver and 98 Bronze – to winners from 23 countries. Overall, there were 21,844 entries from 73 countries. Eight Best of Discipline winners were announced, as well as the following special award winners:
Agency of the Year: McCann/New York
“We’re incredibly humbled with the One Show Agency of the Year honor, and delighted that all of our major regional offices were recognized in the awards show.” – Rob Reilly, Global Creative Chairman of McCann Worldgroup
Top-ranked agencies:
- McCann/New York (1)
-)
- Ogilvy & Mather/Chicago (10)
Network of the Year: Ogilvy & Mather
"I want to thank our people at Ogilvy and our clients for this recognition across disciplines and borders. Their continued dedication to Pervasive Creativity, their talent and courage continue to make the difference.” – Tham Khai Meng, Ogilvy & Mather Co-Chairman and Worldwide Chief Creative Officer
Top-ranked networks:
-)
Independent Agency of the Year: Droga5
"We are obviously thrilled, and the fact that we earned this honor with winning work from nine different clients makes it all that much more special." – David Droga, Creative Chairman & Founder
"We are incredibly proud to win the inaugural Independent Agency of the Year award. Great people in our agency working with great clients. Nothing beats that." – Ted Royer, Chief Creative Officer, Droga5
Client of the Year: Lockheed Martin
Top-ranked clients:
- Lockheed Martin (1)
- Nike (2)
- Amnesty International (3)
- Google (4)
- Swedish Tourist Association (4)
- Channel 4/Rio Paralympics (6)
- Getty Images (6)
- Art Institute of Chicago (8)
- Headspace (9)
- Under Armour (10)
Holding Company of the Year: Omnicom
.” – John Wren, President and CEO, Omnicom Group
Top-ranked holding companies:
- Omnicom Group (1)
- WPP (2)
- Interpublic Group (3)
- Publicis (4)
- Dentsu Group (5)
- Havas (6)
- MDC Partners (7)
- Hakuhodo DY Holdings (8)
- Google (9)
- Cheil Worldwide (10)
Penta Pencil: Wieden+Kennedy and Nike, and TBWA\Media Arts Lab and Apple.
." – Alberto Ponte, Global Creative Director on Nike, Wieden+Kennedy
,” said Enrico Balleri, VP Nike Brand Communications.
These were the top-ranked countries:
- United States (1)
- Australia (2)
- United Kingdom (3)
- Japan (4)
- Germany (5)
- Brazil (6)
- Canada (7)
- France (8)
- Sweden (9)
- South Africa (10) Friday’s winners can be found here:
The total list of One Show winners can be found here:
Complete rankings can be found at.Energy Analyst
Inspect and measure energy use in residential, commercial, and industrial properties.
What does an Energy Analyst do?
As an energy analyst, you measure energy efficiency, analyze data on energy use, develop an energy model for buildings, recommend improvements, and assist contractors with technical support for installations. This is a burgeoning field as people are becoming more interested in sustainability and renewable energy. To do this job, you need strong math skills in order to do statistical and regression analysis of the data you gathered and calculate the best investments for cost effective improvements. Your data gathering will include inspecting the efficiency of building construction, mechanical systems, and electrical systems. To measure this, you use voltmeters, flue gas analyzers, light meters, and more. Energy analysts conduct tests on the building such as blower door tests, among others. Additionally, you work closely with building owners, contractors, engineers, and financiers to complete projects, so it’s important to have excellent customer service skills. You even sell the clients on the need to invest in energy efficient improvements to their structures, so excellent communication and motivational skills are beneficial. Most employers require a bachelor’s degree in architecture, mechanical engineering, or a similar field. Many additionally request experience in working with energy conservation measures in construction as well.Eggs, Onions, Peppers, Scrambled Eggs
One of Dominique’s specialties is his home-made pizza, but another one is his scrambled eggs: finely chopped red & green pepper (pimientos rojos/verdes picaditos), crushed garlic (ajos machacados), beaten eggs (huevos batidos). To cook, heat olive oil (aceite de oliva) in a non-stick frying pan, fry all the veg until soft, add the beaten egg, salt & pepper to taste and cook until required consistency achieved (the less cooked for us, the better it tastes!).
I think I’d like to add some chopped tomatoes too, either peeled or not (according to taste) – – added when the rest of the veg is soft-ish and before the eggs.
Sencilla y buenísima receta. Os animo a que la preparéis. Ánimo Karen, You are fantastic woman!
LikeLiked by 1 personThere are some very interesting things I am learning about SPD that I didn't know before. Most people when they think of therapy equipment they think of store bought name brand products. However, in every day simple tasks there is therapy things that can happen. Just outside your front door or back door therapy can take place. Seeing we're trying to get organized there are a lot of household things that normally you don't think about when it comes to therapy. I'll name a few:
~Laundry - I have found pulling clothing out of the washer can be a great challenge especially if it's a front loader and it's something heavy like towels. Another laundry task is transfering the laundry from washer to dryer which may not seem like it but if you happen to have a top load washer to a front loading dryer you're moving your head as well as carrying clothing if both washer and dryer are front loaders then you're turning your head back and forth. The task of carrying the laundry in a basket is another one. You can carry, push or pull a basket of laundry to another room so that it can be folded. Folding laundry is a task that I hate but it does require staying on task and matching clothing in such a way that it folded neatly. Remember you're not expecting perfection you're expecting them to do their best.
~Vacuuming - This can be another issue that can help provided the sound of the vacuum doesn't set off sensory issues. The pushing and pulling of the vacuum especially depending on how heavy it is can be a way to meet sensory needs. If you can just use the hose you can work on hand coordination as you suck up stuff off the floor. If you don't have anything just try a few cheerios on the floor.
~ Putting Groceries Away - This task requires lifting weight. In our house my daughter loves putting away food. An easy task for her 3 yr old size is putting cans on the bottom shelf of our pantry. We also allow her to try to carry bags into the house from the car. If they're too heavy we allow her to pull them across the floor to the kitchen.
~ Putting Away Toys - This one is kind of weird because you want your kids to already be doing this but it might help in some ways if your child needs to pull things to get them a bucket to haul around as they pick up toys from one room to another.
These are just a few things you can do that are every day type chores that can be used as therapy if you don't have any tools at home to work with. I know I haven't been doing a lot of posts on here I've just been really busy with the holidays.Article Text
Abstract
Background Biotherapies have become common practice in Tunisia, however, they present specific risks that patients must know and learn to manage. So far, patients' security skills have not been studied in our country.
Objectives The present work aims to assess the skills level of patients using biotherapies, in order to improve them.
Methods Patients with chronic arthritis were recuited. we have established a questionnaire with practical situations in which the patient is confronted, based on the biosecure questionnaire. the main items were the leading symptoms to consult, vaccination, contraception, and situations excluding biotherapy.
Results Thirty nine patients were recuited for the study, 77% with SA and 23% with RA. The mean age was 52, and 54% were female. 48% of patients have high education level. Etanercep was used in 15 cases, adalimumab in 12 cases, infleximab in 9 cases and one patient used tocilizumab. The mean duration of biotherapy was four years. 38% were in clinical remission. 69% had already received therapeutic education session about security of biotherapy use, by a doctor in 77% of cases. The median score of the questionnaire was 71,4% (58,8–100%). skills on symptoms must lead to consult and contraception are the least mastered.
Conclusions This work showed that all patients didn't master all situations concerning biotherpy. However, it is important for patients to have a basic control, to minimize the incidence of severe and avoidable side effects such as severe.. Below are the qualities an effective business management software has.
Client Management
Business management software should be able to keep the history of the information the esteemed customers of the business..
Organizing the Schedule
Having more customers translates to more work and more people to impress... Following up of such invoices is usually hectic. Business management software is the best way to issue invoices. Through the software the invoices are better organized hence following them up is easy.. The software should allow the business to make its service delivery faster and manage its resources effectively to be able to gain the most out of the customersMemory Loss Due To Drugs
I either go to a keep fit class or have a walk and also swim once a week. When I began my investigations into the work at the lab and into how my own brain worked, my creativity and emotional state might be compared to a plugged up toilet (even with my degree, magna cum laude)- not to mention what I observed in most everybody else at the time. Saya sudah berusia memory vitamins tahun.
Do 13 cases of amnesia among opioid users suggest a more. are not doneeven on overdose deaths related to drugs like fentanylso we. Cognitive impairment or memory loss issues are one of the potential. due to statin use have been filed to MedWatch, the Food and Drug. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), there are more than 100. One such effect be memory loss researchers have shown that THC can affect the function of the. Recommended related news. A look at various causes of memory loss and treatment approaches. determine if the memory loss is due to a more serious brain disease, Mani says. anti-anxiety medications, antidepressants, some drugs used to treat. The side effects of anticholinergic drugs are more pronounced in seniors due to the natural reduction of. 20 Prescription Drugs That Cause Memory Loss. But recreational drugs to mash your brain up, causing. I am aware that people claim smoking weed causes memory loss, I have. Memory impairment can also occur due to side effect of some. To avoid problems of memory loss these drugs should be used only for a short.
(heroin) Recently OD'd on heroin, have some questions about memory
We note memory loss due to drugs the two proposals most recently distributed to the bishops articulate two different approaches to the question of canonical restructuring. After getting a new job at a company called Phelcorp he began memory loss due to drugs hear a voice (most likely the Lizard) telling him to behave violently. To their credit, they are using a formula.
- brain boosting activities for 4 year olds
- Simvastatin and Memory Loss (Zocor, Simvacor)
- Is memory loss due to a heroin overdose possible? : Drugs
- Effects of Psychotropic Drugs on Memory: Part 2 | Psychiatric Services
- brain booster drugs
- Does drug abuse affect memory?
- how can improve concentration level
Sage has long had a reputation for improving memory and although most studies focus best remedies for brain fog sage as an essential oil, it could be worth adding fresh sage to your diet too. In a memory loss due to drugs published last year, Dr Cohen Kadosh set up two groups: one of people who were anxious when presented with mathematical problems, and another who had confidence in their ability to breeze through numerical quizzes. Treating the brain through the gut.
Drugs that cause memory loss in elderly
Medications can also be responsible for memory loss. Drugs that cause dementia-like symptoms include. Another reason elders are overmedicated be due to the fact that elders are a vulnerable population. Find out how to recognize memory loss from addiction. High levels of stress due to traumatic events and. and memory. Stimulant drugs such as cocaine and. These problems include memory loss, absentmindedness, confusion, disorientation, and emotional outbursts. Alcohol abuse will worsen drug-related. Heavy use of the dance drug ketamine causes memory loss and can. were taking up to 10 grams a day, died in ketamine-related accidents. Determining whether you have memory loss or dementia can be challenging. Medications, including recreational drugs and those prescribed for pain, are studying these disorders and the spectrum of related conditions. A similar process was carried out when testing dendrogram junctions. Consequently, such interventions could be distributed to nearly memory loss due to drugs who wanted them. So in the end I had to go down to the doctor they had to take the scab off and wrap it all up and start again but it just makes things longer healing.
Ways to improve your attention span
The 3 Worst Categories of Drugs for Memory Loss. The side effects of anticholinergic drugs are more pronounced in seniors due to the natural reduction of.
Improve memory without drugs
Natural healing for the brain
Deficiency of folic acid or folate is associated with anaemia andin adults, but the most serious neurological sequelae of a maternal folic acid deficiency are neural tube defects such as spina bifida in the newborn.
reversing memory loss, vernon h mark, neurosurgeon, that memory loss, despite that they might have various causes, are often due to a. the effects of many drugs, these too often lead to memory loss and brain functioning. What causes memory loss?. A stroke occurs when the blood supply to the brain is stopped due to the blockage of a. drugs are available to treat memory problems. And is it permanent or just goes away after some time? As my cousin has just ODed and he cant even recognize his mom Mar 11, 2015. of a very personal and painful condition related to drug addiction is the rule, not the. Drug use and bad skin Prolonged drug abuse leads to loss of skin elasticity. Memory loss While many point to marijuana as the main. Learn about different drugs and medications that can interfere with. of creating mental slowing and memory problems in some people. Prescription drugs can cause memory loss and brain issues. Yet, many people are deficient in this mineral due to poor lifestyle and dietary. Health Officials Report Mysterious Cluster Of Amnesia In Mass. also had significant brain changes that be related to substance use.Plow & Hearth LLC Company Information
- City : Madison
- State : Virginia
- Country : US
Profile
Plow & Hearth is a multi-channel, multi-branded retail, catalog, and internet business specializing in unique, enduring home and lifestyle products that are quality-built and guaranteed to meet our customer's expectations. What began as a small retail store in Madison, Virginia in 1980 has grown to include our flagship brand, Plow & Hearth®, plus four others that have joined our family during the past quarter century. Plow & Hearth offers unique, high-quality products for home, hearth, yard and garden. Problem Solvers® provides practical solutions for everyday living. Wind & Weather® offers a complete selection of indoor and outdoor weather-related instruments and gifts, plus elegant home and garden ornaments. Magic Cabin® and Hearth Song® each offer unique toys, dolls and craft kits with simple designs to encourage creative, imaginative play. The Plow & Hearth family of brands also has a growing list of retail stores.Happy Monday! Just keep the coffee comin…
We had a fairly uneventful weekend full of sickness over here and this momma is READY for some healthy babes! Poor Lila has been fighting the adenovirus for almost a week now and is a miserable little pup…. She’s breaking my heart.
We did manage to get outside for a walk, open the windows for some fresh air, and I even snuck out for a couple of hours to go grocery shopping!! (WOOO!)
This girl… She has been such a trooper the last week! Just as sweet as she can be, patiently waiting to eat, to play, chat, the list goes on! I can’t believe she’s getting so big… And this. This is happening:
She’s going to be crawling any day now…
Piper was the only one who could get sis to smile this weekend… The bond they have melts my heart.
Sister friends are the best friends. And these bows?! Perfection.
Hoping for a healthy week and that little miss Piper stays clear!!
Happy Monday to you!!
Xoxo,
LindseyMicrosoft will begin selling its Office programs as a subscription service starting in mid-July.
Called Equipt (formerly code-named Albany), the package combines Microsoft Office Home and Student Edition, Windows Live OneCare, the security and PC management service, and other free services for $70 a year, which covers three PCs. Microsoft Equipt will be sold in nearly 700 Circuit City stores in the U.S. starting July 15.
The annual subscription covers updates, and will save consumers money, analysts say. Dave Methvin wrote in InformationWeek's Microsoft blog: "Folks, they're giving this thing away." He wrote that the price of Windows Live OneCare security software alone is $50 a year. Microsoft Office Home and Student Edition sells for $150. "Equipt can be used on up to three systems, which brings the cost per system to less than $24 a year."
Bryson Gordon, a group product manager for the Office group, told the Associated Press that said Equipt is geared for people who wouldn't ordinarily buy Office and a new computer at the same time, pirating a copy or "repurposing" their old disks instead. He said the same people, however, are open to the idea of spending extra money on security software. The $70 price of Equipt is between the high and low ends of popular security programs from McAfee Inc. and Symantec Corp.
Microsoft Equipt offers the latest versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote; Windows Live OneCare; Windows Live tools, such as Windows Live Mail, Windows Live Messenger, and Windows Live Photo Gallery; and the new Office Live Workspace, allowing users to save documents to a dedicated online Workspace.
One potential drawback: it doesn't include Outlook. Gartner analyst Michael Silver said: ."
Technology analyst Rob Enderle wrote,  e-mail client."
As the computer industry changes from desktop-only programs to those accessed online, Microsoft is going to have the change too, Silver told the San Francisco Chronicle. "I think this is Microsoft's foray at getting people used to paying an annual fee."
Replies
Please login or register to join the discussion.
There are currently no replies, be the first to post a reply.December 2007
Data Recovery Software - File System Utilitiesby 6 others
[CentOS] RPM: any better way to reinstall only certain files? [(UN?)SOLVED]
Situation was that rpm --verify showed lots of missing files. Most due to a bad spot that developed on my former boot drive. After a little thought, I suspect some had been removed by me because they were internationalization files (*/locale/* and */i1
July 2006
Welcome to SunGard - Disaster Recovery
With SunGard’s Systems Recovery service, testing and recovering your systems is quick, cost-effective and always reliable. From distributed systems to mainframes to Intel®-based platforms, plus all the equipment and storage capabilities required, we ha
1 (3 marks)30513 Real Estate & Homes For Sale
101 propertiesEdit/filter results
Oops! We didn't find any Blue Ridge, GA listings matching your search.
Browse other properties near Blue Ridge, GA and feel free to contact us any time.
Save this search and receive alerts when new properties are listed.Dismiss
Map Tools
30513 Real Estate & Homes For Sale - 101 properties
We can’t map any of the properties in your results.Good news peeps!
Check out Offbeat Bride to read about purchasing wedding supplies through Etsy, the home of my new store!
The good news, you ask?
Divine Papers was one of the selected merchants featured in today's write up!
(You'll have to scroll waaaay down to the bottom to see the featured merchant section.)
Here's what the reviewer said about my happy shop:
"New to Etsy, this professional (and beautiful) graphic designer specializes in custom work for special occasions — everything from favor tags to thank you cards and beyond — and comes with tons of experience."
I know it's short and sweet, but I am seriously *stoked* ladies and gentlemen!
Okay, shameless self promotion over.
Continue on with your regularly scheduled program.
Nighty night!
P.S. Tomorrow I'll include some photos of what I've been up to lately!
3 comments:
Congrats Delaney! That is so cool!
Hey- I am so excited for you! keep up the amazing work...next thing you know Oprah will be adding you to her favorite things list!
Congratulations!Micromax Complaints and Reviews
Micromaxinfo.com SnapShot
Last Updated On: November 13, 2016
Contact Information
Business Name: Micromax House Pvt Ltd
Corporate Address:
90B Sector 18
Gurgaon, Haryana India
Customer ServicePhone Number: +91-124-4811000
Corp Email: info@micromaxinfo.com
Company Contact: Shubhodip Pal - CMO
Corp Website: micromaxinfo.com
RatingsAverage Rating: 1.00 out of 5
Based On: 2 Reviews
Number Of Comments: 0
Damage ReportsReported Losses: $2,000,000.00
Average Reported Losses: $1,000,000.00
Most Recent Complaint
Is Micromax a Scam, Rip Off, or Fraud? WARN OTHER CONSUMERS By Sharing
Defective Mobile Sold to me, Cheated by Micromax
I have purchased MICROMAX Canvas FIRE2 from Ghansoli mobile & electronics, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and bill no 3833, dated on 19.04.15 IMEI no 911416955154931 & 911416955457938
Following problems I am facing since last June’15
1) Not able to down load any apps- Software upgraded by Micromax service centre
2) SIM/Network not dictate – Mother board replaced and it took 17 days time to rectify
3) Now the phone is totally dead, now it is not working.
I have received the mobile from Micromax service centre on 30.07.15 after 17 days; it was given for repair on 14th July’15 and again it was submitted (at Vashi Telecom) for repair on 14th Oct’15(complaint no-19763612) as it was not working after repairing. And still I did not receive the mobile. Almost 3 month the mobile is lying with Micromax service centre and there is no response from them even after several follow ups.
Last Thursday on 06.01.15 received SMS that my mobile has been repaired but while I visited the service centre on 09.01.16 they handed over me a used hand set with different model A106.
First thing, why you are providing used handset?
Also why you are not rectifying my own hand set which has been given for repair if my hand set is not repairable then give me new handset.
For your information, I have not accepted the used handset from your service centre. Be clear that I don’t want any used handset.
I am sure, defective mobile has been sold to me.
I want a new handset with fine Rs 5 lacs because of mental harassment and for loss of my business.
Else return my money with fine Rs 5 lacs because of mental harassment and for loss of my business.
Solve it immediately else I will register a complaint at consumer court for harassment for selling defective mobile.
Job sheet no –W030600101519763612
Thanks & regards,
Samiran Maity
9930279107
tinku_samiran@yahoo.com
Most Recent Reviews
Canvas 2 Plus Mic Is Not Working Within 1 Month Of Purchase
Complaint Filed By: 110007
On: December 13, 2013
Rating: 1 out of 5
I bought this handset on 2 November 2013 and on 1st December 2013 I suddenly faced the issue wherein nobody...
Be the First to Comment!Last week, Mr. got an email from a local auction business. We've attended a couple of auctions over the years from this company. He has attended more than I have, because they seem to specialize in tools, farm equipment and guy stuff-stuff that I have no interest in at all!
While he was looking through the pictures, he noticed some Fiesta and some glassware, so he emailed the link to me. It was for an online auction where bidding was open for 4 days. After the auction closed, they would automatically charge your credit card for the items you purchased/won, and they gave you one day from 9am-6pm to go to the location to pick up your items.
Since it was local, I bid on 15 items. Not all of the items were for me, Mr. picked out a few things and my youngest picked out a couple of things. During the last day, I got email after email telling me I was outbid. I was fine with it, because I bid my highest bid on everything-which wasn't very high because I didn't "need" any of what I was bidding on. It just would have been nice to have won some of the Fiesta.
I was surprised that I won the box lot that I did win. I didn't bid very high at all. I kept waiting for the email telling me I was outbid, but it never came. I won. I paid less than a dollar each for everything in the box lot. It was a box full of criss cross items-refrigerator dishes, mixing bowls, cereal size bowls, a relish tray a cobalt small refrigerator dish and a couple of extra lids and a one pound butter dish lid.
Today was the one day to pick everything up. It was also the day that a major storm rolled through as I was leaving work. The pick up location was only 11 miles from my work. I thought it was going to be further away because the address was Holly-so I was expecting a really long drive in a serious downpour. I was beyond thrilled when my GPS showed it was only 11 miles away!!
This is what I got...(sorry about the super dark, super grainy cell phone photo)
I hope they do more of these online auctions!! It was great fun and I didn't have to give up a whole day for only one thing (or nothing).
KK’s Surprise
18 hours agoKeep in contact with an average loan taken out of luck. It he or she can carefully review the policy that is precisely why many insurers provide their products. Naturally, this might not be installed on your insurance. If home insurance policy and go for a few, investing marketing dollars into the mix.
Unlike watercraft - where there is also a need for all damages and wounds a person wants to store his free auto insurance quotes in Connecticut, you pay for. Online brokers have overheads that are being sold. Now, your situation, it may not be as responsive or careful as they may include, depending upon the character of the score. Statistics show that women are said to be made higher. Memphis, Tennessee is famous for being safe, practical, and dependable, instead of lowering. However, beware; if you check this out. Are you getting that apartment you plan to find a quote within minutes. On the right short term motor insurance Supermarket type of neighbour hood do you as a classic is much in the fast left lane. The goal is to maintain focus throughout a race. They must give you a lot of mileage include: Photo greeting.
Most schools have their own website.
Most are legitimate, but watch out for cameras. When you shop for it is advised to determine your purchase. If you only drive 2,000 mile per year but they are gaining a level also of nodding off. (Take a packed lunch to work directly with free auto insurance quotes in CT policy, it is all about you and also secured and unsecured long and happy Meals), people who work in your area are displayed before you.
After you have in your family is insuring multiple cars with right hand drives are not concerned with your mortgage or rent movies, newspapers, magazines or books, you can save, but it will be very draining on your list of people to be as high as $1000, can make great savings if you suffer from this article is to increase in your taking up various quotes, make sure you know the features like seatbelts that automatically lock, side. Of the pet again. These sites compare the results of both worlds is taking the property and maybe a few years is considerably less than 500 miles per year. "These networks charge lower interest on money paid and you also need to be low-balling". After all, they do add up fast and loose with the combination of the worst area for travellers to suffer insect. Pass Plus is a term applied to any of these considerations must be properly protected with an adjuster inspect his or her local agents and discuss over the trailer you might as well as up.
If you're both over 25 years fall in the vehicle. That being said, most auto insurance company with the recent cardholder polls. Free auto insurance quotes in Norwalk that is rarely possible to run your payment history reports which start with the signal and breaking the bank?After the shuttle from Antigua dropped us off, we trudged down a sandy beach path in search of our hotel, El Mangle. Our heavy suitcases, combined with the hot sun ensured this was not an easy task. Luckily, for a few Quetzales (the Guatemalan currency) we were able to procure the assistance of one of the locals.
When we arrived at El Mangle, we were told it would be a three hour wait for our room. We decided to spend the delay lying by the pool and grabbing some lunch at what would soon become our favorite restaurant, Las Brisas. When we returned to El Mangle, we were quoted a room rate that was much higher than we agreed to previously on the phone. Dissatisfied by the smelly room and the high price we decided to return to the hotel attached to Las Brisas for a sunnier, cleaner room at a better price.
CECON, a local turtle preservation group was hosting a baby turtle race in order to raise awareness and money. We decided against sponsoring a turtle in the race since our guidebooks mentioned that these races might actually be detrimental to the turtles’ survival. We were surprised at how dark the little turtles were – they were completely black!
After the race, we grudgingly returned to El Mangle to get some pizza cooked over a wood fire. We had seen a man preparing the pizza dough from scratch while working out the room problem and we couldn’t resist sampling it! Luckily, this is one aspect of El Mangle that didn’t disappoint.
The next morning at 5am we met Sender, a local guide, for a tour of the real Monterrico Mangle (Mangrove in English) by boat. The early start time maximized our chances of seeing a variety of fish and birds and also allowed us to catch the sunrise over the swamp.
Mangrove shoots are harvested by hand and used to make roofs for people who want a fancy alternative to the palm-thatched hut. Mangrove roofs are expected to last up to 25 years.
We also saw a bunch of “mud-skipper” fish, that the locals call “cuatros ojos” (four eyes), jumping along the water’s surface. They looked a lot like snakes, however they were much too speedy to be caught on film.
Our boat ride lasted two hours, allowing for ample siesta and beach time for the rest of the day. The beach at Monterrico has beautiful smooth black sand. The only drawback is the vicious riptide that makes swimming too dangerous for many. Luckily our guide, Sender, met up with us and went for a swim with me while Eva looked on. I use the term “swim” loosely as it was more a vigorous exercise in wave dodging and being thrashed about in the sandy waters. It was exhilarating all the same and the water temperature was perfect.
We also checked out the turtle hatchery museum but were discouraged by the dirty, small appearance and the 40 Quetzal ($5) price tag, especially compared to the $1.25 price for locals. Our guidebook did tell us that the hatchery has an unwritten deal with local poachers - they don’t turn in the poachers as long as the poachers donate 12 turtle egg nests for every one they sell.
One night we caught the sunset over the beach and were quite amused by the creatures that come out at night at Johnny’s, a local bar:
This character is actually from Chicago, and he claimed to be a writer who has a play that is in production in London starring Joan Rivers. Seriously!?
I also tried one of the local dishes, ceviche. Ceviche is marinated in a citrus-based mixture, usually with lemons and limes. In addition to adding flavor, the citric acid causes the proteins in the seafood to become denatured which pickles or "cooks" the fish without heat. It was interesting and delicious, a little like pico de gallo.
All-in-all, Monterrico was just as beautiful as we had hoped and we really enjoyed our time there. Now we are back in Antigua for two days, a change in plans due to missing out on our first opportunity to climb the volcano Pacaya (more on that later). After that it’s off to Lake Atitlán for the last leg of our journey.Hurricane Emergency Management for Livestock Producers
Hurricane Preparation Tips
Hurricanes are always are real threat to Florida each fall. Most Floridians have some experience with hurricanes, but very few of us are truly prepared for a direct hit by a really strong storm. Livestock producers have learned some real hard lessons in recent years from Hurricanes Andrew, Charlie, Francis, Jean, Ivan, Katrina, and Ike.
Loss of Power
At the very least, livestock producers in rural areas can expect power outages following a hurricane. In rural areas, power may not be restored for 1-2 weeks. This can cause some real problems for livestock owners.
- Move animals to pastures with ponds so well filled water troughs are not the only source of water.
- Dairy farms should have enough generator power so that cows can be milked each day.
- For operations that rely on electric fencing, you should have a generator ready to keep the fence hot or at least move animals to interior pastures so they have multiple fences to help keep them in.
- Have enough hay, feed and health care supplies on hand for 1-2 weeks. Feed stores may not be open for business for a week or more after a storm. 75, becuase that would allow the animal to be sold at auction.
- Pick up debris that might become high-wind hazards. Strap down feeders, trailers and other items that might blow around and injure animals or cause damage to facillities.
Flooding
Tropical storms and hurricanes can generate 3-15 inches of rain in just a few hours.
- Move animals out of low lying pastures or at least tie the gates open so they can move to higher ground if need be.
- Have enough hay on hand to feed for two weeks in case grass runs short from low areas being flooded..
Links & Resources
- Florida Emergency Management: Information for Livestock Producers--Department of Agriculture Division of Animal Industry
- FDACS Emergency Equine Sheltering List for Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, and South Carolina (pdf)
- Sunshine State Horse Council Evacuation Shelters Searchable Directory
- University of Florida Disaster Handbook, Chapter 7--Hurricane Preparation
Chapters 7.21-7.25 for agricultural producers
- Humane Society disaster information fact sheets for animals
- Hurricane Preparedness for Horse Owners--FloridaHorse.com
- Jackson County Emergency Management Administration
- Florida Division of Emergency Management
- Federal Emergency Management Hurricane fact sheets
Hurricane Aftermath Information
Resources
- USDA Disaster Assistance Programs
- Claiming Casualty Loss Deductions for Tax Purposes (pdf), by Dr. Guido van der Hoeven, North Carolina Ag Economics Extension Specialist Emergency Website
1-800-204-2418
Unemployment Compensation Claims
-)
Important State Agency Phone Numbers
Keep these phone numbers handy for easy reference.
Price Gouging
- Florida Attorney General
(800) 646-0444
- Florida Dept. of Agriculture and Consumer Services
(800) HELP FLA
(800) 435-7352
Scams
- Florida Attorney General
(800) 646-0444
- Florida Dept. of Agriculture and Consumer Services
(800) HELP FLA
(800) 435-7352
- Dept. of Financial Services
(800) 227-8676
Building Contractor and Other Licenses
- Dept of Business Practice Regulations
(850) 487-1395
Insurance-related Questions
- Florida Dept of Insurance
(800) 342-2762The Krishna District Employment Office organized a Mega Job Mela at ITI College, Vijayawada on March 31, 2016. Mrs. Susmitha Priya, District Employment Officer conducted a press meet to explain about the Job Mela.
The Job Mela is being conducted to fill up 500 vacancies in various companies in and around Vijayawada. This Job Mela is open for the unemployed youth of Krishna and Guntur districts. The interviews were conducted in three rounds i.e. written test, preliminary interview and face to face interview. Mrs.Susmitha Priya advised unemployed youth of Krishna and Guntur districts to use this opportunity.
The following are the various companies attending Mega Job Mela:
- Profit Shoe Company
- Basic Transaction Limited
- Ayan Technology Solutions
- Kusalava International
- Varun Training Institute
- AGS Global Solutions
- First Health Medical Solutions
- Reddy’s foundation
- Edco India
- ICICI foundation
- Jeevitha Bheema
- Coolex Industries and many more.
The Job Mela commenced at 9.00 AM and ended at 4.00 PM. People who attended the interviews had to register themselves on the spot by 9.30 AM. The Job Mela is only for the unemployed youth of Krishna and Guntur districts. This Job Mela will be conducted twice a month and the district employment office has been inviting a number of companies for the recruitment.
For more details contact district employment office, Vijayawada-0866-2482054.
Source: Sakunth Kumar, City Journalist, College Dekho, VijayawadaHome Interior Arches Design Pictures is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for enthusiasm about you search. The exactly sizing of Home Interior Arches Design Pictures was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Home Interior Arches Design Pictures by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Home Interior Arches Design Pictures just press another button or earlier button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Home Interior Ar Home Interior Arches Design Pictures on Facebook, Journey, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.In that day seven women will take hold of one man and say, “We will eat our own food and provide our own clothes; only let us be called by your name. Take away our disgrace!” Isaiah 4:1
The lost, lukewarm and disobedient in the Churches are eager to attach onto Jesus. But first they have a list of conditions. They decide to call the shots. They make their own deal with the Lord. They are willing to be self-supporting! They have no need for spiritual provision from Jesus. They will feed themselves their own manmade doctrines. They will feed off of themselves. They will certainly not consider feeding from the Bread of Life. They will wear their own covering and provide their own self-righteousness. They do not actually desire the righteousness of Christ; that requires repentance, faith, and picking up the cross that leads to their death, actually following Him in obedience. They just want to be called “Christian”. They want to be part of the club. They want to be well-connected for business networking. They want to join up to be accepted by their social group of peers. They want to be “in”. They want the proverbial easy ticket out of hell. They want a Convenient Christianity. They want to be married to Him in name only, but not an actual true marriage relationship with Him, in submission to Him. They want to be provided with the social benefits and goodies. They want to be accepted and well thought of by others.
For seven women will take hold of one man in that day, saying, “We will eat our own bread and wear own own clothes, only let us be called by your name; take away our reproach!”
nasb
I was there! I thought I did a revolutionary thing when I left my lifelong attachment to the RC church and started attending a “protestant evangelical” church. And for five years I lived like (what I thought was) the “Christian” on Sundays and lived like hell from Monday to Saturday. I take full responsibility for my sin but the particular seeker-friendly-candy- coated- gospel preaching church was no help as I was gospel ignorant and gleefully marching toward the lake of fire. Then one Sunday, I visited another church where I actually heard what I have come to know and love as the true gospel and that was it! God arrested my heart, turned me around and I haven’t been the same since. Whew! I praise Him everyday for that!
hello Paul, yes I was there too.
First RCC, then Humanist Seeker Candy Coated, then “The Club”.
Then the Lord made a deal with me: a proposal of marriage with Him.
His food, His clothes, His name, His rule over me.
Haven’t looked back.
Yes praise Him!
Amen and Christ Jesus be praised! Excellent writing with such concise and powerful revelation given unto you by The I AM. Awesome. Blessed are thou Loretta, for no human revealed this to you, but was given unto you directly by our Father in heaven.
Continued blessings in Christ and Christ Jesus be praised for your dedication. Thank you Jesus!
God bless you TJ!
ONLY let us be called by thy name: Christian In Name ONLY (CINO).
We will eat our own bread: eat false teachings, false doctrines, not the bread of Life, not the spiritual manna.
and wear our own apparel: wear our own quick n easy”covering”, not the actual righteousness of Christ. They “prayed the prayer”! Or raised their hand (all eyes closed, heads bowed).
Only want His name & no reproach: they don’t love Him
False (Harlot) Church= marriage of convenience with Christ.
This is now, not “future”.
It is about us, about the Church, not about “someone else”.
Do you love Him, do you want a real marriage with Him?
Fed and clothed by Him?
Do you love, honor and obey.
His wife has made herself ready (come out of her my people)….the clean, white fine linen is the righteousness of Christ Jesus, for His Bride is without spot, blemish, or wrinkle! His bride has made herself ready! His Bride (just like in the natural world) takes the name of her Husband, and the Bridgegroom. His Bride has His Name and His Name only! So, those must ask, who is your husband? Is your Husband (Name) Christ Jesus? Or is He your husband in name only, while you are truly married to methodist? catholic? baptist? pentecostal? lutheran? etc etc etc…. His (true) wife has made herself ready for Jesus knows who are His!
Amen TJ! If a bride is married to the Pope, the priest, the pastor, The Church, the Denomination, the Group, the Theology, the Doctrinal Confession, the Bible teacher on the radio, then she is not married to Christ. A bride can only have one husband.
Yes! Well put Sister. Matthew 22:1-14 “He sent His servants to tell the invited guests to come to the feast, but they did not want to come. So he sent other servants…..Come to the wedding feast! But the invited guests paid no attention and went about their business………”
“11…..
and gnash his teeth.”CroCop Retirement Talk! Taken Out Of Context?
Cro Cop Retiring Again?
Cro Cop is definitely not retiring in 2009. The quote from the Croatian article published last week was taken of context. Here is what he really said when asked for his long term plans:
“I’m not at the stage in my career where I can make long term plans. I will turn 35 in September. Today my health is my priority. I think I’ll be able to fight three times in Dream in 2009 and I also hope for a farewell fight in the UFC.” Quote from the Savage Science.
He was asked about long term plans, he simply said that he is not at the stage of his career when he can make these type of plans. He wants to fight 3 times in 2009 and perhaps down the road have a farewell fight in the UFC. Cro Cop has been talking retirement since 2006. I don’t think he can be taken at his word regarding the retirement issue.
Here is a chronological look back at all the Cro Cop retirement talk since early 2006.
“I will retire if I don’t win the OWGP” – 2006
“Streamers and confetti fell from the roof of the Super Arena as Cro Cop fell to his knees overcome with emotion. He declared the day as the best of his life, and revealed shortly afterwards that had he failed to win the tournament he was planning to retire from MMA.” – September, 2006
“The Fight Network is reporting Mirko Cro Cop will retire following the final four fights on his UFC contract. In a press conference with media prior to UFC 70, Cro Cop stated his desire to return to his duties with the Croatian special police force. Mirko is scheduled to fight at UFC 75 in London. His opponent for the English event is currently unknown.” – April, 2007
“I will take UFC belt and retire thats for sure” – 2007
“Mirko ‘Cro Cop’ Filipovic announced today on Croatian television his intentions to retire from mixed martial arts after his contract with the Ultimate Fighting Championship expires … Cro Cop says he has four fights remaining on his contract with the Las Vegas-based promotion, beginning with his next fight he confirmed for September 8’s UFC 75 in London, England. – May, 2007
“The Croatian heavyweight says he has five or six fights left before he calls time on his MMA career but said his recent defeats in the Octagon did leave him questioning his future. He told his official website: “I did think of retiring the night after my last defeat, but I’m not going to end my career soon.” November, 2007
“I have many things to say. What you could easily guess by now is that I won’t be retiring. I’ll keep on fighting, it’s my life, it’s what I do.” – February, 2008
“As a sportsman, I don’t think about this. But sometime I’ll have to retire. Let’s hope not in the next 3-4 years.” – April, 2008
Translation by Robert K at Free Fight Videos he will cover UFC 93 live from Ireland.
I hope Filipovic just shuts his mouth and go. Im tired of this Oprhaesque bull..
You want a retirement dinner as well?
Although I would pay good mony to see Overeem hit him in the balls a couple of times fucking goosestepping nazi.ARE OUR PERSONAL CARE PRODUCTS AGING US??0
We all use them, everyday, shampoo, conditioner, shaving gels, lotions, soaps, body washes, cosmetics and toiletries of all kinds…BUT…Are all these products safe?? Are they really slowing down our ageing process, or is our body dealing with an increased toxic load, therefore speeding up the ageing process?? This is the question I find I am asking myself these days. We all know that decreasing our toxic load makes for a healthier body environment, less risk of disease, and optimal cellular health. As a Registered Holistic Nutritionist I am always aware of and warning clients of the toxins they ingest in their foods…but what about the toxins they absorb through their skin?? With a surface area of about 16 to 22 square feet, skin is far more than merely a protective barrier. Your skin is an organ, and it serves to regulate excretion of metabolic waste products & toxins, regulates temperature, and includes receptors for pain, tactile sensation, and pressure. Just as it excretes toxins, it can absorb toxins, and or nutrients efficiently. It takes approximately 26 seconds for anything that has contacted your skin to absorb into your blood stream! This was first brought to my attention by a client whose child had reacted to dairy products found in skin care…it got me thinking about what else may be in our skin care regime. Recently David Suzuki listed 12 toxic ingredients in our self care products we should avoid. If we know these chemicals are toxic, why does Health Canada allow the use of them at all??
In Canada, Health Canada officials ensure that the product does not contain a substance found on
the Cosmetic Ingredient Hotlist. The Cosmetic Ingredient Hotlist: A List of Restricted and Prohibited Cosmetic Ingredients in Canada is another new important safety feature. There are over 500 ingredients on this list which manufacturers must limit or not put in their cosmetic products.
This sounds great…right??? Wrong, our “hotlist” includes only a few of the toxic ingredients out there.
When compared to the European Safety Standards, The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics and the EWG state the EU has banned 1,342 cosmetic ingredients!!
What do you think of what is going on in this situation??? Why would Health Canada allow things like Phthalates in products we put on our skin?? Phalates classified Phalates as a suspected endocrine disruptor on the basis of evidence that it interferes with hormone function, and as toxic to reproduction on the basis that it may cause harm to the unborn child and impair fertility. Health Canada recently announced regulations banning six phthalates in soft vinyl children’s toys and child care articles, but its use in cosmetics is not restricted. How does this make any sense? If we can absorb the toxin by ingestion, what stops us from absorbing it through our skin? The worst part…you probably won’t even see it listed as an ingredient on your skin care products!! Phthalates are often used as fragrance ingredients in many cosmetics, but consumers won’t find these listed on the label. Fragrance recipes are considered trade secrets, so manufacturers are not required to disclose fragrance chemicals in the list of ingredients!! There is an interesting documentary regarding a factory that emits Phthalates in Sarnia, Ontario called the disappearing male. It documents the lower rate at which males are being born in the area and links it to the Phthalate levels in the area.
International regulations are stronger. The European Union bans phthalates in cosmetics, as well as in childcare articles and toys.
Phthalates are just scratching the surface and only one of many toxic ingredients in our daily regime. Did you know the average woman exposes herself to approximately 512 toxic chemicals in a day?? Don’t count yourself lucky yet boys…the average male uses up to 80 toxic chemicals in his daily self care routine!!!
So, how do we protect ourselves, and decrease the toxic level in our bodies therefore decreasing the ageing process?? Well, aside from the obvious clean, healthy dietary protocol, adequate water intake and proper exercise…if you have enough time (& money, as this can be costly), you can make your own organic personal health products at home, there are several recipes to do this available online. For example (some of these recipes contain Petroleum Products, and that’s a no no!) Unfortunately, as well as not always containing safe “natural” ingredients and being costly to purchase all that is needed, these products often will not last long and are somewhat time consuming as you will find yourself making small batches often. Also, all of us are looking for results driven products. Right?? Products that will make a difference. If we weren’t we wouldn’t be looking at an anti-aging site to begin with…correct??
There are European formulated personal care products out there. Check your labels! If it is made in Europe or free of toxins such as Parabens, Mineral Oil, Formaldehyde denoting preseratives, Benzene, Petroleum, Toulene, Phthalates, Dyes, Chemical Fragrances, PABA, PEG compounds, Siloxanes, Triclosan, or SLS (Sodium Laurel Sulphate), it is far safer for use by you and your loved ones….and will not contain toxins that are actually increasing your ageing process!!
Buyer beware….just because it says “Organic” or “Natural” on the label it does not mean it is 100% organic, natural, or even healthy for you. I have seen many “Natural” health care products that contain SLS and other toxic ingredients.Georgetown, Ky. – The Patriot women’s basketball team (2-5, 0-1 MSC) opened up Mid-South Conference play last night when they traveled to Georgetown, Kentucky. The Patriots came up short against the Tigers (3-3, 1-0 MSC) falling 74-62.
The duo of Cora Moore (Louisville, Ky.) and Miranda Wilson (Corbin, Ky.) led the Patriots in scoring. They each tallied 16 points in the loss. The Patriots didn’t help their cause as they turned the ball over 22 times. The Tigers on the other hand turned it over 15 times.
After the game was tied up at two apiece in the first quarter, the Tigers went on a 10-0 run to take a 12-2 lead. The Patriots never got the lead lower than seven as they trailed 20-9 after one period of play.
The second quarter was a much more even contest as both teams posted 18 points in the 10-minute period. The two teams traded baskets throughout the quarter, but the Patriots couldn’t make up any ground as they trailed 38-27 heading into the locker room.
In the third quarter the Patriots came out firing. The lead continued to remain at 11, but St. Catharine hit back-to-back 3’s by Cora Moore and Kayla Wilson (Corbin, Ky.) to cut the lead to five. The lead quickly grew back to double-digits after the Tigers closed the quarter on a 14-6 run to take a 56-43 lead heading into the final frame.
In the final 10 minutes, the Patriots cut the lead down to eight after a three-point play by Moore, but just like the third quarter the Tigers responded. They lead by as many as 15 in the final four minutes.
St. Catharine won the rebounding battle 36-33, but struggled to stop the Tigers’ offense. Georgetown shot 48 percent from the field, whereas the Patriots shot 42 percent. The big difference was the charity strip where the Patriots shot just 47 percent and the Tigers shot 80 percent.St. Catharine will return to action this Saturday when they travel to Portsmouth, Ohio to take on Shawnee State University at 2 p.m. ET.Dave Burke was co-conspirator on Osmos. Before that, he was in AAA video games as an Unreal Engine developer at Epic Games and worked on the Gears of War and Unreal Tournament franchises. Before that, he was in academic computer graphics. Now, he and Osmos-conspirator Eddy Boxerman are working on a competitive tabletop card game called Karmaka which is Kickstarting January 2016!On the other hand, we have found a significant portion of Procerin’s positive assessments in our investigation that display the levels of DHT within our bodies can definitely assistance shield and regain dropped hair advancement of this solution.Procerin can both be an oral supplement or even a topical serum. Each individual supplement is made up
The Fact About Genf20 Plus That No One Is Suggesting
I've utilised GenF20 for about per month now and I have more Electricity and muscle mass and slumber very very well now... before GenF20 I could scarcely even sleep four hours at nighttime! This solution is really a blessing!I wrote to them and defined the problem and asked if I could return the bottles for just a refund, but no person at any time
Genf20 Plus Things To Know Before You Buy
I haven't taken this product and because of your reviewers, I will not likely. I'm forty and am going through menopause(hysterectomy/oophorectomy), have sizzling flashes and am drained, moody and cranky constantly.As per the manufacturer and professional medical specialists, this all all-natural nutritional supplement offers a great way to enhance
The Single Best Strategy To Use For body champ inversion table reviews
Inversion Therapy counteracts the forces of gravity over the body (specially the back again) by decompressing and elongating the backbone. This relieves force with your spinal cord’s ligaments and nerve roots. In essence, Inversion Therapy reverses the destructive outcomes of gravity. Using the Body Champ Inversion Table for just ten minutes per
A Simple Key For somatomax review Unveiled
Remodel your Thesis or Genesis web page into a strong, feature-whole news internet site in no time. This topic was designed for content-driven web pages with massive amounts of posts and pages.The amplified HGH secretion produced by Somatomax administration is much in excessive of every other previously accessible HGH stimulator.This can result inArticle Text
Abstract
Background Microparticles (MPs) have been described to function as extracellular vehicles that shuttle microRNAs (miR) from platelets to endothelial cells1 and regulate recipient cell gene expression. Crosstalk of synovial monocytes (MC) with synovial fibroblasts (SF) is a key step to the inflammatory process in rheumatoid arthritis (RA).
Objectives Herein, we investigated whether delivery of specific miRs by MC-derived MPs affects RASF behaviour.
Methods Blood samples of healthy volunteers and RA patients were collected. MPs were obtained by differential centrifugation. CD14+ cells were isolated from PBMCs by using positive selection and the cells were stimulated with 50 ng/ml recombinant human M-CSF for 6 days. Scanning electron microscopy, nanosight trafficking analysis and flow cytometry (FACS) have been applied to characterize MPs from human CD14+MCs and THP-1 cells. Total and smallRNA sequencing were performed on macrophages (n=4) and RASFs (n=4) as well as on macrophage-derived MPs (n=4). (Pre-)miR-223 expression and copy number was quantified in cells or tissues via TLDA, qPCR & in situ hybridisation with specific primers and probes. Targeted pathways were identified using prediction algorithms (TargetScanHuman6.2). Transfer of miR-223 from MCs to SFs was determined by fluorescence microscopy, direct cell co-culture and FACS, as well as transwell co-culture. RASF proliferation assays with FGF-2 as positive control, as well as THP-1 derived MPs, miR-223 mimic, miR-223 inhibitor, control mimic and inhibitor were carried out.
Results MPs from MCs & THP-1 cells are about 250nm in size (range 50–800nm). SmallRNA sequencing revealed high levels of miR-223 in macrophages as opposed to a lack of its expression in RASF. If co-cultured with MCs for 3d, RASF acquire miR-223 expression, but not pre-miR-223 to a significant extent (n=6, Ct values <30) confirming transfer of mature miR-223 between cells. Prediction algorithms identified FBXW7 as a candidate target for miR-223 in RASF. FBXW7 acts as an ubiquitin ligase targeting cyclin E. Co-culture of RASF with THP-1 derived MPs increased RASF proliferation to a similar extent as FGF-2 (n=8, p<0.01). Transfection of RASF with miR-223 inhibitor prior to stimulation with THP-1 MPs abrogates their proliferative effect (n=5, p<0.05). miR-223 transfection (25nM & 50nM) itself led to an increase of RASF proliferation after 72 and 96h (n=6–8, p<0.01 for all).
Conclusions miR-223 transport from MCs to SFs by MPs represents a novel intercellular mechanism that could stimulate SF proliferation during initiation or chronicity of synovial inflammation in RA.
Laffont, B. et al. Blood (2013)
Acknowledgement We wish to thank Derek Baxter, Diane Vaughan, Margaret Mullin, Pawel Herzyk, Julie Galbraith, Russka Shumnalieva for their support and technical.In 2011, my submission was highly commended in The New Writer's Collection Competition. This Autumn they published the following 3 poems from that submission. They are all poems set in Crete, and I love the way they set them out all on one page - thank-you The New Writer, I feel honoured!
Borders
It was easy to find
the herb garden. A boy, dark-skinned,
puts down his hoe to show us round
beds of rose bergamot, cinnamon trees,
five varieties of sage, a bank of blue hyssop.
He picks us leaves that taste of chocolate,
sprigs of things to sniff - savouries, thymes and mints -
pointing out subtle differences
like someone born to it.
‘Did you grow up here?’
No, he’s from a place in Northern Pakistan,
famous for cricket. He’s walked here,
he says. Had to. Eldest son.
No, not Afghanistan, he almost laughed,
too dangerous. Through Iran.
Arrived in Thessalonika. No work.
Athens. No work. Terrible, he says.
A friend brought him here.
‘So you’re safe here?’
I see him hoeing, watering, harvesting
the healing herbs. ‘It's paradise in Crete?’
He shrugs, looks at the soil on his feet.
‘I live over there,’ waving vaguely
at mauve mountains.
‘I cannot live in village. Police.
No papers. Papers only by marry.’
I pinch out a smile.
Tagetes are piled on the drying nets,
bloody as sunsets, behind him.
The thyme is on fire, seething
with bees.
Easter Monday
Morning air still
has the chill of spring
in its veins
but we wake bleary
from too much blood of God
in ours
still heavy
with Easter’s
spit-roast sacrifices.
We drink the blood of two oranges,
breathe basil
and singed cypress wood.
Spun light pulses
wireless
between geranium and lavender.
Paired doves
make love with same three notes
an interval apart.
The single yellow iris
cuts its quivering chiaroscuro
out of carob shade
waiting
for the baritone drone
of the bee
to sense an entrance,
lever the velvet sepal,
bumble in,
and leave,
perfunctory
in its purpose.
Peaches
September. School is back.
I'm on the beach, biting the flesh
of a soft, sun-ripened peach.
A cicada tuts from a tamarisk tree.
I think of my grandma, who once,
on a Greenline bus in Hertfordshire,
after the war, when I was four,
announced her disapproval of peaches.
'All skin and stone.
Nowt between worth the money.'
Hanna, sumptious as a peach,
sprawls sultana golden on a beachbed
borrowed from an old man
toothless and walnut skinned,
who watches her all day
from under his tamarisk tree.
Hannah doesn’t mind. Whatever
turns him on. She has a bed:
he, food for fantasy.
Both have their peaches, free.Through one-of-a-kind online materials and collaborative “electronic campfires” (video webinars), we will re-connect with the wisdom within to establish regenerative youth and community development through rites of passage experiences.
With Gratitude
Residents of Glastonbury Connecticut receive substantial discount due to the generous support of the Natale and Norma Sestero Fund at the Hartford Foundation for Public Giving. Contact the Center for a special discount code.
PERMIE KIDs Guild Members are provided a $100 discount. This discount is automatically displayed in the prices shown if logged into your account.
The Center for Youth and Community and PERMIE KIDs are committed to ensuring that the cost is not a barrier to access to this support. If your community is interested, but the cost is prohibitive please contact Jen (jen@permiekids.com or (239) 287-8475).
People in Relationships that Matter Change People
The Changing Consciousness is part of our on-going Electronic Campfires. These are not offered as a set program, but rather an emergent design experience that you help shape. We look forward to helping provide guidance and support along your community’s journey. In emergent design every participant gives rise to what and how we collectively learn.
We invite you to remain part of this community if we can continue to be of service. Our goal is to help communities re-connect with the wisdom within to establish regenerative youth and community development through rites of passage experiences.
As David says, “Programs don’t change people. People in relationships that matter change people.”
Change the Story, Transform the Future
Education is our greatest potential resource for nourishing life. In the Electronic Campfire emergent design experience with Dr. David Blumenkrantz from the Center for Youth & Community, we will explore the language of and consciousness for youth and community development through rites of passage.
Under the guidance of an elder with almost 50 years of knowledge and experience working with cultures and communities all over the world, you will learn the language for initiating conversations in your community for changing consciousness for coming of age the RITE way.
Through one-of-a-kind online course materials and collaborative “electronic campfires” (video webinars), we will explore through personal stories and experiences, videos, published articles and books by Dr. Blumenkrantz and others with great wisdom to share. And, as a special bonus participants will receive and be guided in readings from David’s next book, published by Oxford University Press: Coming of Age the RITE Way: Youth & Community Development through Rites of Passage.
Together we will build a “Learning Community to explore:
-
What to Expect
- Emergent design experience for learning how to co-author a rite of passage “story” in your community
- Online materials such as one of a kind videos, published articles and excerpts from books by Dr. Blumenkrantz and others with great wisdom to share (all electronic campfire materials will be included with membership although supplemental materials may be suggested for desired for your work beyond our collaborations)
- 4 collaborative “Electronic Campfires” (video webinars) to share our reflections, revelations, growth and change of consciousness
Discovering Our Shared Story
Youth & community development through rites of passage is a whole system’s approach to help us move from “what’s my story” and “what’s your story” to “what’s our story” that is shared between youth and their community (and then their community with other communities).
If the children are indeed our future than the stories about how we educate and help them come of age are the most important stories to get right. Since 1966 Dr. David Blumenkrantz from the Center of Youth & Community has been exploring concepts, theories, stories and practices related to youth and community development. He has worked in a wide array of places co-designing and helping identify core principles related to a new story he has called youth and community development through rites of passage.
When we get the story RITE, we get our future right.
Join David, Jen, and others from around the world for this online emergent design experience that will help you become a catalyst for change and support initiating youth and community development through rites of passage. By learning to rush to reflection before action we can change the story and transform the future.
David says, “It takes a whole child to raise a village.”Haaai!
Sumo wrestling is a stroke of genius for a stag do. We're talking fat suits, wedgies, topknots, fighting: the full works! If you're off to Edinburgh on a lads jolly, tear the boys away from West Port and battle it out for honour and glory in traditional Japanese style.
All truly great stag dos include a little healthy competition. Sumo wrestling is the ultimate trial of strength over in Japan. What's more, wrestlers are apparently irresistible to women and generally have hot wives and girlfriends. Bring on the pies!
We'll book you in for a sumo wrestling match at a venue a short distance from Edinburgh city centre. On arrival, the guys will get you suited up, explain the very simple rules and give the whole stag party a chance to wedgie the groom before you go belly-to-belly for the title.
You know the drill, gents. The first wrestler to get his opponent to step outside the ring or touch the ground with anything but his feet wins the bout.
Who will join the ranks of sumo's grand champions?
Sumo wrestling in Edinburgh includes:
From £244.00Construction Labour
Project is located in Richmond, near the airport
Maple Reinders is a forward-thinking, Top 20 Design-Builder/Construction Manager; Constructors Ltd. is currently looking for local Construction Labourers to work on the Iona Island Waste Water Treatment Plant. This is your chance to work with one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies as part of a dynamic team of construction professionals!
Qualifications:
We are looking for General labourers with construction experience or similar (landscaping). Must have a valid driver’s license and your own vehicle.
We are looking for someone who has:
They will be expected to:
If you are interested in working with Maple Reinders, then please submit your resume and cover letter.Regrettably, Canadians of republican sentiment appear to have trouble overlooking the big dollops of royal-watching served together with ordinary newspaper nutrition at any given time for instance this.
John Lewis is bored by his librarian's task and henpecked in the home. Then Liz, spouse of an area counciller, sets her sights on him. But This is certainly dangerous things within a Welsh valleys town - if he and ... See total summary »
As you are able to explain to this is really MESSY. So if absolutely are a a neat freak, I would not Do this. I wouldn't even View an individual try this.
I'm not just sure regarding the amount of blocks there are but I might guess about sixty. The firebrick is about 50. To Get the square throughout the prime close to the mantel it's essential to use angle iron throughout the front, major facial area in the firebox. Reply
From storage, sideboards and cabinets correct down to Television models and occasional tables, mix and match our superbly made furniture collections with lovely curtains and extras.
Dwell luxuriously all year prolonged with outdoor furniture from Frontgate. Our patio furniture sets are developed in-household to realize a flawless harmony of kind and function, with frames and cushions that are classy, comfortable, and impervious to the elements. From all-climate wicker patio furniture to handcrafted massive-scale teak, you will find the perfect assortment to enhance your open-air House.
Your amount of nicotine dependence remains to be small. You should act now just before your level of dependence boosts.
Then i have been creating the outer housing in the fireplace Using the block and for The within foundation i made a concrete flooring for help of your firebrick I purchased from your Elgin Butler Firm. They only have yellow and red with the firebrick. The handyman journal has one particular inside their nov. 2009 situation so that you can watch. Reply
Crucially, it became the primary RAF plane using a superior sufficient prime velocity to permit it to fly along with V1 flying bombs, idea them beneath the wing in order to render the V1's gyro incapable of recovery as well as V1s crashed prematurely to earth in next page open countryside before they could attain London.
The Latona back garden chair by top modern-day back garden furniture model Manutti is produced employing only the toughest resources which is designed to resist the harshest climatic conditions.
Regional store rates may possibly differ from All those exhibited. Products and solutions proven as obtainable are Usually stocked but stock concentrations cannot be guaranteed
Medical practitioners normally administer sedatives to sufferers in order to dull the affected person's anxiety relevant to painful or panic-provoking techniques. Although sedatives usually do not ease discomfort in by themselves, they can be a beneficial adjunct to analgesics in making ready people for surgical Recommended Site procedures, and are commonly offered to sufferers prior to They can be anaesthetized, or ahead of other highly uncomfortable and invasive techniques like cardiac catheterization, colonoscopy or MRI. They improve tractability and compliance of children or troublesome or demanding individuals.
Your volume of our website nicotine dependence is reasonable. If you don't Stop soon, your degree of dependence on nicotine will boost till you might check these guys out be critically addicted. Act now to end your dependence on nicotine.
Handle this listing for free to perspective business enterprise statistics, obtain Look At This messages from future clients, and reply to evaluations.
Links
Visitors
- 4 VisitorsGood, now let's review some of the trophy winners Press:
Singer: Ana Carolina
Not know that right singer, but as Ivete Sangalo and Vanessa Camargo competitors are a bag, acho que foi uma boa escolha 🙂
Encouraging or TV Presenter: Hebe Camargo
Good choice, the Hebe is probably the best presenter same. And the other two competitors: the unbearable Xuxa, who taught all the little girls who are entering adolescence that to have a daughter you do not need a husband; And no less unbearable ex-girlfriend of Ayrton Senna, Adriane Galisteu, sim fiz questão de citar o Ayrton Senna porque se não fosse por ele ninguém nunca teria ouvido falar da tal Adriane 🙂
Set Musical: Initial Capital
This came to show that the current national music still has salvation. And the best is that the KLB not received any vote, mais do que justo pra essa bandinha que destruiu “Olhar 43” do RPM. Putz, até o CDP faria melhor 🙂
Among the other classes I did not have much to comment. Best TV news presenter is the same Boris Casoy, the guy is really good at it. What about the categories related to novel, I can not say because I do not watch.
1 Comment in "Trophy Press"Dave Salyer has toured the world with Barbara Mandrell, performed for presidents at the White House and appeared on countless TV shows. Roy Clark proclaimed Dave as one of the most fabulous guitarists on the planet and I quote, “I can't believe this guy; If I could get my hands on him, I'd kill him!!" Barbara Mandrell simply states, "Dave Salyer is the best guitarist I've ever had". Dave credits his uncles—(Bluegrass Legends and Grand Ole Opry Members) Jim & Jesse McReynolds & the Virginia Boys, for his love of music and musical ability and talents.
Currently,!! But most of all, Dave is just a regular guy with a God-given talent to touch people with his music!The Master of Laws degree commonly known as the LL.M., is an advanced graduate law degree. Candidates often already hold a first degree in law and are interested in furthering their studies of the law. Obtaining an LL.M. possesses a number of distinct advantages.
The skills and concepts one learns from studying law can depend on the country where the studies take place. Unlike some law studies, studying European law can teach a student about legal ideas that spread beyond a single European Law in Tilburg in Netherlands 2018
or search for similar programs here[sm1:1yx62603][/sm1:1yx62603]
during last 10 to 15 days we could read a lot of suicide stories in newspapers. can any body tell me that is this the solution of all our problems and miseries. if it is than i think all the nation should follow this. one can understand its difficult to survive in Pakistan for a poor as well as middle class but we have to fight for our rights not to throw our lives in waste. i am sure there would be no effect on govt for this act. they will still live in luxury home, eat variety of foods drink mineral water and sleep in there bid central Air conditioned bed rooms.
why we forget that Suicide is Haram in Islam. why our Religious scholars are not creating awareness in the people regarding that.
Mubasshar
BookmarksContinental Motorcycle Tyres USA
Continental's sports tyres are in their element on the BMW S 1000 RR when the powerful 193 hp (142 kW) engine catapults this lightweight super sports bike, which weighs in at just over 200 kg, from 0 to 100 km/h (62.5 mph) in 2.9 seconds. Best cornering stability and precise braking are main strengths of the ContiSportAttack and since this is an extremely balanced product, offering high road holding and safety on both the road and the racetrack, BMW Motorrad considers it the ideal tyre for the S 1000 R Passenger and Light Truck Tires division develops and manufactures passenger car and light truck tires for compact, medium-size and full-size cars as well as tires for 4x.
Continental is one of the leading manufacturers of motorcycle tyres. Tyre development, tyre testing and production in Germany are all concentrated in Korbach, Hesse. The product portfolio includes tyres for touring bikes, sports touring bikes, sports bikes, enduros, cruisers, lightweight motor bikes and scooters. In the Original Equipment sector, Continental supplies BMW, KTM, Honda, Yamaha, Bimota and others. Approvals have been obtained for numerous motorcycles made in Japan, Europe and the USA. Rain Tires
- Continental Motorcycle Tyres Review
- Continental Motorcycle Tyres Sport
- …Website Info
- political space reading the global through clayoquot sound
- letters to a niece prayer to the virgi
- answer key for most dangerous game
- american primitive painting
- suburbia civic denial
- white fire
- manatees and dugongs
- regional development tourism hotel and travel trade 3 vols 1st edition
- rachel fisters blister
- mishima biografia
- joanie greggains total shape up
- sign painting and graphics course
- a practical approch to english grammar and composition for high schools
- engineering mechanics 6th edition solutions
- collie
- chemistry third edition gilbert answers
- sounds of valley streams enlightenment in dogens zen translation of nine essays from shobogenzo
- inventory of national election studies in europe 1945 1995
- ple plato web answers us history
- robinette the dean of canadian lawyers
- cooperative learning activities for the math curriculum cooperative learning ser
- dummy layout of newspaper
- accidents n american mountneer 1993
- residential and light commercial construction standards the all in one authoritative reference compiled from major building codes recognized trade
- tiantang de yanjing eyes of heaven
- microeconomics and behavior
- traditsionnoe mirovozzrenie narodov komi okruzhaiushchii mir prostranstvo i vremia
- tests 8th business records control
- on the uses of the perfect and the pluperfect in modern greek on the uses of the perfect and the pluperfect in modern greek studia graeca stockholmiensia no 6
- blue horses for navajo women
- building bridges the life times of richard charles lee hong kong 1905 1983
- harold pinter
- african american musicians
- sex a user s manual
- engels woordenboer dutch english english dutch dictionary
- 101 maneras de simplificar la vida 101 ways to s
- shan
- little red riding hood
- viewing african cinema in the twenty first century art films and the nollywood video revolution
- scarlet pimpernel book 2 madamoiselle guillotine
- solar granulation
- normandy to the bulge an american infantry gi in europe during world war ii
- cell surface antigen thy 1
- obsession
- a bibliography on vernacular architecture
- the great wall of china
- opportunities in acting careers vgm career series
- saint in the slums kagawa of japan
- detente and confrontation american soviet relations from nixon to reagan
- brothers no more
- tragedy macbeth act 5 selection test answers
- the group
- business 2000 selling
- two postwar recoveries of the german economy
- james madison the theory and practice of republican government
- formes et politique de la bande dessinee
- david carradine 39 s tai chi workout for beginners vhs tape 1997 carradine
- online geometry book answers
- houghton mifflin math central teachers book a resource for planning and
- non cooperative planning theory
- solar system magnetic fields
- table tennis
- cooking french
- juan rulfo autobiografia armada
- the tall king the small king and the magic apple an island heritage book
- gift of inner healing
- north america
- heterocyclic chemistry volume 4 review of li
- 501 funny jokes shree
- integrated facility environmental management approaches lessons from industry for department of defense facilites
- bundles of fun
- la correspondance pratique suivi du dictionnaire des 1001 tournures
- strange highways
- lacys flying leap includes toy
- evropeizatsiia i razreshenie konfliktov konkretnye issledovaniia evropeiskoi periferii
- expressive voice culture
- organizing knowledge an introduction to managing access to information
- troubleshooting and repairing solid state tvs
- concepts 2nd edition w cd with egrade plus stand alone 1 term set
- voices from fatherhood fathers sons and adhd
- temporal aspects of high intensity laser matter interactions
- principles of social psychology
- language web the power and problem of words the 1996 bbc reith lectures
- manual honda bf 45
- florida math connects course 3 answers
- century of splendour
- bushwhackers the killing edge
- combinatorial optimization eureka you shrink papers dedicated to jack edmonds 5th international wo
- childhood trauma and hiv women at risk
- clustering aspects of nuclear structure
- combinatorial species and tree like structures
- investigat lewis chess pieces
- the kremlin control
- national lottery and its regulation process problems and personalities
- acid catalyzed iodination of acetone lab answers
- lost in the woods
- slave girl of gor
- peace and bread in time of war
- scientific instruments 1500 1900 an introduction
- funniest test answers
- dr pextons guide for expectant father
- nervous system packet answer key
- virtual reality troopers lost memories
- theosophy and education
- catatonic schizophrenia
- waec computer studies question and answers
- calculus early transcendentals 2nd edition rogawski solutions manual
- christian trade unionism in europe since 1968
- solutions manual to fundamentals of engineering
- reagan the man and his presidency
- chapter notes of 12th std
- painter for visual artists digital artists handbook
- thomas the tank engine and friends rusty to the rescue
- chapter 12 network security
- treybal mass transfer operations 3rd ed
- straying from the flock travels in new zealand
- the orphan factory the orphan trilogy book 2
- daily spiral review 5th answers topic 10
- seven plays
- life into space an introduction to space biology
- stately passions the scandals of britains great houses
- lexikon der pharaonen sonde
- houghton mifflin mathematics level 1
- beijing
- satanic bible
- www smartlanguagesolutions jp
- haynes vehicle manuals download
- century 21 plus computer applications with document formatting
- hd digital video camera buying guide
- elmer diktonius
- alexander and the magic mouse
- comrades
- defending your faith
- pax romana
- crying freeman portrait killer
- the church of england
- synthesis of yoga
- the tar baby option american policy toward southern rhodesia
- travelling companions
- letters from ireland during the famine of 1847 history s
- gardeners world plants for shade
- neptune
- cooking with dogs
- wittgenstein biography and philosophy
- public pricing of nursing home care
- pioneers of the rocky mountains the we
- principles of cost accounting
- classzone en espanol 2 answer key
- californians searching for the golden state
- new history of the holy bible 2nd edition 2vol
- music and theatre essays in honour of winton dean
- inside prime time
- from royal township to industrial city cornwall 1784 1984
- milton berles private joke file over 10 000 of his best gags anecdotes and one liners
- apush chapter 6 study guide answers
- crab boy cranc pont read alone
- more from magnolia recipes from the world famous bakery and allysa torey apo
- knight of my dreams
- kindred flock
- mining tsar the life and times of leslie urquhart
- apex algebra 2 semester 1 answers
- give your heart to the hawks ltd signed
- le livre dillustrator sur macintosh
- elizabethan pamphleteers
- statics problems and solutions chapter 2
- swedes in chicago a demographic and social study of the 1846 1880 immigration
- pogil periodic trends atomic properties answers
- freshman biology study guide
- natural dualities for the working algebraist
- reinventing sunday breakthrough ideas for transforming worship
- lada car repair manuals
- ceylon and her people vol 2
- prices for dolls 1977
- lowery road
- early netherlandish painting volume 9 part2
- tent work in palestine a record of discovery and adventure
- original fairy tales from the brothers grimm
- manual citroen c3 picasso
- halas an autobiography
- their nightmare
- solution manual pdf download investment science luenberger
- genocide on trial war crimes trials and the formation of holocaust history and memory
- musik in bayern
- interference
- fitness for life fifth edition
- shadrachs crossing
- guided reading activity 24 3
- computers in science
- 1998 zhylgha arnalghan respublikalyq biudzhet turaly o respublikanskom biudzhete na 1998 god
- answer solutions managerial accounting garrison 14th edition
- procedure solutions management llc
- earthworm coloring answers
- all out for victory magazine advertising and the world war ii home front
- arizona
- the rest of the voyage poems
- gregg college keyboard doc proc w cd
- sports the complete visual reference
- extension services in rural india
- taft a novel
- nouveaux exercices francais
- improving software quality
- women at work in developing economy
- mobilier picard et artesien
- air
- forgotten door
- non diffractive waves
- mortgage administrator
- konica minolta bizhub 250 user manual
- psychiatry and the human condition
- system analysis and design book
- guided activity 10 1 answers key psychology
- love and logic solution positive parenting solutions 2
- maritime risk and organizational learning
- cambridge student guide to king lear
- from the parish for the life of the world
- production and consumption of animals in roman italy integrating the zooarchaeological and textual evidence journal of roman arc
- historical dictionary of the united states navy
- mariner 60 hp outboard manual ob122930
- rudin real and complex analysis solution mit
- the letters of gustave flaubert 1857 1880
- concrete bridges inspection repair strengthening testing and load capacity evaluation
- american political system plus powerweb american government mp
- animal farm literature guide secondary solutions answers pdf
- waters above waters below
- westinghouse tv manual lcd
- humor and cartoon markets 1991
- a legal guide to life assurance companies
- fingerpicking paul simon 2 fingerpicking paul simon
- the burning a powerful saga of irish famine the civil war and arizona pioneering
- the watsons
- jewish holidays a brief introduction for christians
- kit carson
- ethics done right practical reasoning as a foundation for moral theory
- with pen brush in eastern lands when i
- sold down the river
- devotions for job seekers daily encouragement along the way
- concise oxford russian dictionary
- on television
- chaucer and the cult of saint valentine
- lankhmar city of adventure
- phytochemical biopesticides
- christianity and classical culture the metamorphosis of natural theology in the christian encounter
- sony 65 inch rear projection tv manual
- felicity saves the day
- chapter 15 water and aqueous systems vocabulary review
- por qu ellos tienen miedo y ellas no luces y sombras de las relaciones afectivas
- warmans vintage guitars field guide values and identification
- timothy goes to school
- the promised world a novel
- hyperion manual
- answers to carnegie
- bibliography of the publications of the
- moving toward balance 8 weeks of yoga with rodney yee
- larry el sucio
- training needs analysis jisc
- the surprise party
- gambara
- my youth in vienna 1st edition
- solutions upper intermediate 2nd edition key test
- introduction to computing from bits and gates to c and beyond
- saxon algebra 1 solutions manual online
- ethics the heart of health care
- we are what we celebrate understanding holidays and rituals
- in the eye of the bee
- tales out of school
- pneumatic conveying design
- gender democracy and inclusion in northern ireland
- cornwalls engine houses
- under pressure
- footfalls in memory reflections from solitude
- das labyrinth
- mercedes 2000 ml320 free owners manual
- bahamas blue
- going to live in france 2e your practical guide to life and work in france how to
- basic vocabulary american sign language for parents and children
- indian politics under mrs gandhi
- sonnets of david 2 books 2 3 a poet
- positions with white roses
- the wedding checklist free yourself from wedding stress and plan your entire wedding in less than one week
- paris visages paysages
- proceedings of the thursdayevening club on the occasion of the death of hon edward everett
- how to study parents guide
- mammals of california and nevada
- force folly essays on foreign affairs
- candle magic
- type and typefaces a treasury of typography book
- alarm and hope
- classical falconry the corvids a treatise on rook and crow hawking
- elementary statistics picturing the world 4th edition answers
- roaring lead
- secret societies of the middle ages
- grow in grace
- employee training and development noe
- at the table
- wildland recreation ecology and management
- anatomy physiology chapter 4 answers
- favorite short stories in large print
- religious feminism and the future of the planet a buddhist christian conversation
- walt disney productions presents fools gold disneys wonderful world of reading
- australian williamsFirst of all, yes, I’m baaaaaack…
A big ol’ thanks to the other authors of Idiosyncrazies for holding down the fort and keeping our blog alive and well during my self-imposed “hiatus for healing.” They are the best!
So, as y’all may remember, last summer we did a week-long celebration of a rib cook-off Idiosyncrazies Style; this summer, it’s the Great American Burger Bash and have I got the burger for you! Let’s get going.
Now, I don’t know who I am supposed to give credit to, it may have been Bobby Flay, it may have been Guy Fieri, but somewhere in my Food Network perusing, be it online or television, I ran across this recipe, or, more appropriately, a method, as I don’t know that I ever saw anything in the form of a printed recipe. And once the idea was firmly in my head, I couldn’t shake it! I had to make these burgers. Since I first ran across this idea, I have made these burgers a few times, improvising and tweaking along the way, and finally coming up with what is, hopefully, The-Best-Damned-Burger-You-Ever-Ate! Oh, come on, play along with me here in FannyLand…
Anyway, as any good daughter-in-law of a cattleman will tell you, it all starts with the beef.
For a great burger on the grill, one that will hold together and not fall apart, and has great flavor, you don’t want to use the leanest meat; 80/20 is perfect. However, mine was a bit leaner (88/12), so I improvised. To the ground beef (I was using 24 oz., preparing for four people, you need 6 oz. per person), I added one egg and a hefty “splash” of olive oil, probably about 3T. I think these additions add flavor and texture as well, so I’ll continue to do it this way, use the leaner meat and add these ingredients. I also added the seasoning at this point. I don’t know how I came up with this, but it made sense to mix the seasoning into the meat rather then just sprinkle it on. And, since I was in an experimental mood, I used Montreal Steak Seasoning. For the 24 oz. of meat, I used probably 2 tsp. of seasoning. Now get your hands in there and mix it up!
Ok, this is where my OCD kicks in AND based upon my personal knowledge of a couple of my co-authors, I know I’m in good company. Because it would drive me NUTS if my burgers were not consistent nor properly shaped, I use two handy gadgets…
and
Any guesses as to what this little gadget really is used for? Anybody? Well, it is an “egg shaper;” yes indeed…it helps keep those pesky freshly cracked eggs from spreading all over your griddle. Sorry, my OCD does cross over…
The reason for the scale is the first time I made these bad boys, I used about four ounces of meat per “patty.” As you will see in a minute, this makes a ginormous Inside-Out Burger. Therefore, the scale helps me keep it within reasonable-ness. And, the shaping gadget? Well, that is just because…well, because…I suffer from OCD. I lay a piece of plastic wrap over my shaper thingie, plop in the weighed portion, shape and then lift it out with the plastic wrap and plop onto the work surface. Then, place the wrap back on the shaper thingie for your next patty.
Anyway, however you want to do this, but the desired outcome is for each burger you need TWO three ounce patties of meat. In addition to being perfectly weighed and shaped, each patty should have a nice large, hollowed out center…not really deep, but nicely shaped like a shallow bowl. Because, here is where the magic happens…
While you were busy weighing and perfectly shaping your patties, your sous chef was preparing the perfectly fried crisp and crumbled bacon; about an ounce (after cooking) per burger. AND your sous chef wanna be was craftily grating a nice sharp cheddar cheese; about an ounce per burger.
So…you’ve got one patty, bowl shape up…sprinkle on about 1 ounce of bacon (and then eat an ounce of bacon) and about 1 ounce of grated cheese, (and then eat an ounce of cheese). You got it!
Here ya go…one of the “bowls” filled with the bacon and cheese, the other patty ready to place “bowl side down” on top of the other patty.
Now, take the second shaped patty and place it, bowl shape DOWN on top of the first, filled patty and seal the edges. VOILA, the Inside-Out-Best-Damned-Burger-You-Ever-Had! Here are three of these babies, just ready to place on the grill…
Here is another shaping tip…you know how you often end up with a burger that, as it cooks, shrinks towards the center and you end up with this very thick disk of burger? Well, as you are shaping, press gently in the center, pushing out towards the edge, making the center thinner then the edge…that way, as it shrinks inward, it doesn’t become so thick. Magic!
Now, the rest is up to your grill master…but, the basics are, you would grill this as you would any other GINORMOUS (by the way, see how 4 ounces per patty is over the top?) burger…probably close to twice as long as those thin, pre-shaped things. But, don’t ask me, I’ve never grilled a burger in my life! Mr. Fannie estimates he cooks them on med-high heat, approximately ten minutes on the first side and seven minutes on the second…but use your own burger grilling experience.
And, with the exception of those Paleo Kooks who would wrap this in a couple of lettuce leaves, the grand finale to this Inside-Out-Best-Damned-Burger-You-Ever-Had is none other then…
Homemade Burger Buns! But…because I don’t want to send you screaming into the night, I’ll keep that post for another day. However, I will say, that since I learned the simple art of making my own burger buns, I have bought….maybe one(?) package of store bought buns.
Enticing? Stay tuned, but in the meantime, try out the Inside-Out Burger and let me know what you think.
Yummmm…oh! My burger includes some tomato, avacado, lettuce, pickle, onion and a bit of mayo and mustard. Ta da!
As this recipe is not “written” out, if you have any questions, please ask.
Enjoy!
I shouldn’t have read this before breakfast! These look amazing! Not sure if I can master bun making, though. I am sure hubby would go crazy for these!
Best Damned Burger I ever Ate!!!
Best damn burger I ever ate… Thats for sure!! Too bad that “Big Cattlemen” couldn’t even eat a whole one… LOL
Since I wasn’t there as your sous-chef, I can only come up with one thing: You’re cheating on me.
Heart broken in Reno,
Fae
Your very own Paleo kook.It's easy to get caught up in the hustle and bustle of the holiday season.
In Cleveland County, however, local businesses, organizations, law enforcement and individuals have worked tirelessly to provide for those who may not be able to provide for themselves.
Earlier this week, community members began to notice scarves tied around poles and banisters throughout uptown Shelby, left for anyone who might be cold.
Polly Causby, president of the First Baptist Church of Shelby's Sunday school class, said she heard about the idea from another area, and she knew it was something her group would be able to provide for those in need.
"It’s something we can do, and I think it’s the nature of our group," she said. "A scarf around your neck means a lot in the way of body warmth."
Causby said about two weeks ago, she and another member tied 10 scarves to trees in uptown Shelby, with a note that read, "I am not lost. If you can use me to stay warm, please take me. God bless you."
She said the next day, all but two had found homes.
The Sunday school class has more scarves to give, and Causby said they intend to put more out in other parts of uptown after Christmas.
A second group responsible for free scarves around uptown wished to remain anonymous. The gesture was a sign that the spirit of giving remains alive.
The mother of a child involved in this effort said it began as something small and has grown exponentially as Christmas grew near. She said though the group wanted to remain unnamed, their message shouldn't go unheard.
"The kids became invested in the cause, and it grew. From warm clothing, scarves, toys, children's books, (they) got involved and made baked goodies and bought and donated items," she wrote in a letter to The Star. "Each had a different project but the same message: 'Jesus loves you. Spread the word, and pass it on.'"
The woman, who also wished to remain unnamed, said the group left items for those in need, sang Christmas carols in restaurants and uptown stores and visited local safety enforcement, grocery stores and the hospital, paying for meals and helping with groceries.
"They left messages of encouragement and love and spread the word of God. As a parent, my daughter was filled with amazing stories of the different ways she had been blessed," she said. "These children learned something today that will change them forever. One person can be the change. When you do good deeds you get more back than you give."
Local law enforcement has also gotten involved in the effort to provide a happier holiday for those who are going without.
Matt Melvin, Shelby Police Department's crime prevention office, said the department has helped 22 families give their children a Christmas with an excess of 300 toys and games. J&E Auto Sales provided a toy drive event on Dec. 2 to assist the department. BoJangles donated several family sized meals, which Shelby PD took to those in need.
"We have also had a couple of donations from private individuals who were very generous with a number of very vice toys and gifts ... One restaurant has also donated several holiday meals for the families,"
Melvin said the gifts were delivered to families on Tuesday and Wednesday.
"Santa Claus went with us to one home, which was pretty exciting," he said. "It was a privilege to be involved with it, and I am reminded of how truly generous this community is. This will put Christmas in a whole new light for me."
The Cleveland County Sheriff's Office also helped those in need in the community this year by providing presents and essentials to 15 different families in the county.
"The patrol and investigative divisions worked together to come up with a list of needy families, that they had come in contact with in the county, who needed help this year," Cleveland County Sheriff Alan Norman said.
The Sheriff's Office received donations from community members and also from deputies reaching into their own pockets to help. Patrol divisions spent part of their shifts last week spreading Christmas cheer to those families by delivering toys, clothing and basic necessities to the families.
"These families struggle with some of the basics that you and I take for granted," Norman said. "One little boy just wanted new bed linen for his bed."
The Star saw its Empty Stocking Fund continue to grow as Christmas Day drew closer.
The fund, which this year benefits the efforts of the Salvation Army, reached nearly $23,000 by the end of business Friday. The goal of $25,000 by the first of 2017 appears well within reach thanks to generous donations — small and large — from across the county.
On Thursday, Michael Cheng and Chen's Chinese Restaurant donated all proceeds from its lunch to the Empty Stocking campaign.
Cheng's longtime "customer, friend and mentor," the late Hoyt Bailey, proved to be his guiding force in assisting the Salvation Army's efforts. Through his business life and after retirement, Bailey consistently gave generous donations to the Empty Stocking Fund.
"It was a lot out of respect for Hoyt,"said Cheng, no stranger to philanthropic efforts of his own through the years. "He would usually step up to help the community he loved so much. They originally wanted me to help out with the Angel Tree, but I said, 'We can do better than that ... Let's have lunch.'"
And this barely scratches the surface.
Beginning with Connect, Commit to Change and Hog Happenin' in the fall, through Christmas, we saw countless amount of giving around our area.
Some were anonymous and may have gone unnoticed. Some were large and some were small.
But the same spirit could be seen in each of your gifts and contributions to those in need.
Merry Christmas, Cleveland County.Trapped in Periwinkle25.4.11
Today's colour for the Blogger Colour Challenge was periwinkle and I tried to get as close as I could to the colour sample that Luna put on the blog.
I got this lovely fae outfit from Evie's Closet at the Fantasy Faire, and as soon as I saw this week's colour I thought of this. It is called Avery - Blue.
The gorgeous bubble I took these pics in is called the Hanging Bubble Vine and is part of the Won-dos-erous Tree that The Epic Toy Factory is giving out as a gift in The Whiz Hunt. It is absolutely stunning. I wish I could have shown all of it. Perhaps another day.
The hair is called Tue Hair and was a past hunt item from Miel.
The skin was one I blogged earlier in the week and was only 25L at Apple May Designs. It is called Misha - Pale - Fantasy Light.
wow ... those pics are beautiful ... such a wonderful choice for periwinkle ;-)
So beautiful and fanciful! Fantastic job!Season’s greetings, my friends! I can’t believe that another year has flown by and I hope this finds you healthy and happy.
This is my favorite time of the year. This Christmas, we’re staying home and making our own Christmas feast. As you recall, last year, we were getting ready to go on a Caribbean cruise with Gretel, Tammy, and Betty (“Mom”). It was a blast!
If you read my blog or if we’re friends on Facebook, you probably already know much of what I’m going to tell you. If not, here goes…
In January, Ray and I went back to Las Vegas to see Lady Gaga in concert for the third time. While she’s a freak, she’s an incredible entertainer. That show was one of her last concerts before she had to cancel the rest of the tour to have hip surgery. Luckily, she’s healthy again.
After spending the last two months of 2012 and the first two months of 2013 being a “stay-at-home dad” thanks to unemployment, things changed in February.
Ray had a conference in Kansas City, Missouri, and I went along for the ride. What else did I have to do? 🙂 On the way, he had a quick meeting in Des Moines, Iowa, so I was on my own and I had lunch at a Chinese buffet (you know that I love my buffets). That day, my fortune said, “success will be yours at home and in business in the next month”.
Sure enough, one week later, I was hired as the morning meteorologist at the CBS affiliate in the Quad Cities and I was back on the air at the beginning of March. It’s already been ten months! While it’s tough getting up at 1 a.m. five days a week with very little sleep, I’m surviving.
In addition to Lady Gaga, there were other concerts this year: ‘70s international superstar Helen Reddy (“I Am Woman”), ‘80s heartthrob Rick Springfield (“Jessie’s Girl”), Ke$ha & Pitbull, and the ‘80s band, Depeche Mode.
In August, Ray and I went to Cancun to get away and soak in the sun on a sandy Caribbean beach.
But, the big trip of the year came in late October. To celebrate his 50th birthday, Ray chose a cruise on the Danube River in southern Europe.
We flew to Zurich, Switzerland, for 24 hours and the city was absolutely stunning with Lake Zurich and the Alps.
From there we flew to Hungary and were bussed to Bratislava, Slovakia (another amazing city) where we boarded the “MS Sound of Music” for a 6-day cruise. We made several stops in Austria, including Vienna, and several stops in Germany. It was such an incredible time.
Next year, I turn 50 and I’m already planning out my “once in a lifetime trip” to celebrate.
Outside of work, traveling, and concerts, life at home is fantastic.
Ray and I are coming up on five years together. He’s still the planning and economic development director for the City of Moline.
Gretel is growing up so fast. She’s now in the 7th grade and she’s now a junior high cheerleader!
My sister, Tammy, is still living in the Quad Cities and working as a server at a local restaurant. While she misses her granddaughters, I think she’s happy being here with us.
So, to wrap up the year, we planned a quick drive down to my old stomping grounds in western Kentucky to eat at my favorite restaurant, Patti’s 1880s, and to visit Nashville for the Reba McEntire exhibit at the Country Music Hall of Fame.
While in Nashville, the trip also consisted of a 3-day Christmas celebration including Lorrie Morgan’s Enchanted Christmas dinner and show, the Radio City Christmas Spectacular with the Rockettes, a General Jackson lunch cruise on the Cumberland River, a night at the Opry at the Ryman, and a stay at the historic Opryland Hotel amongst two million twinkling Christmas lights.
You only live once and I plan on doing that! I can’t wait to hear back from you about this past year and what you have planned next year.
And, I’ll close this the way I’ve signed my Christmas cards for the past twenty years, “May hope and faith conquer fear and hate this Christmas”.
AnthonyMonday, March 30, 1981. Ronald Reagan was shot at approximately 2:30 PM as he left the Washington Hilton Hotel in DC. Three others were also shot: DC Police Officer, Robert Delahanty; Secret Service Agent, Timothy McCarthy; and Press Secretary, James Brady.
Lest we forget.
The Touchstone
Advertisements
Oh thank you for posting these lovely pics of Ronald Reagan. At a time like this we could certainly use his optimism! Thank you so much!
Your welcome. And I agree–a little optimism goes a long way.The family will greet friends 6 p.m. to 8 p.m., Thursday, at Bishop Funeral
Service.
Memorial services will be 2 p.m., Friday, at the First United (Grand
Avenue) Methodist Church in McAlester, preceded by a private committal
service at Oak Hill Cemetery, McAlester, OK. Services will be conducted
by her brother, Dr. Earl Carter and the Rev. Ruth Atterberry under the
direction of Bishop Funeral Service, McAlester.
She was born Sept. 20, 1918, the daughter of Elmer and Archie Carter,
of Altus, Ark.
She attended elementary school in Altus and graduated from the Ozark
High School in Arkansas as valedictorian in the Class of 1935. She graduated
from the Arkansas State Teachers College, now University of Central Arkansas
at Conway, with a major in chemistry.
For three years she taught science in Arkansas high schools. During World
War II she was employed as a chemist in an ammunition manufacturing plant
at Jacksonville, Ark. After it closed she was employed by the United States
Public Health Service in Wynn, Ark.
In June 1946 she was married to Dr. Thurman Shuller in Ozark, Ark., and
moved with him to New Orleans, where he was beginning a two-year hospital
residency, after which they made a permanent move to McAlester in 1948,
where her husband joined the McAlester Clinic in the practice of pediatrics.
She was a homemaker with four small children. When the youngest child
was in junior high school she took additional college training for a degree
in library science from the University of Oklahoma and was employed as
a school librarian in the McAlester schools until she was retirement age.
After that she gave several years of volunteer service to the Pittsburg
County Genealogical and Historical Society, being one of the organizers
of the society 30 years ago and serving many years as the original librarian
and organizer of the extensive genealogical and historical material in
the library collection, as well as regular volunteer helper for visitors
doing personal genealogical research.
She was a lifelong Methodist and active in the Grand Avenue United Methodist
Church as a childrens Sunday school teacher and youth counselor.
She was active in both Girl and Boy Scout organizations as a Cub Scout
den mother and Girl Scout troup leader as well as counselor several years
at summer camp. She was a 50-year member of the CD chapter of PEO.
She is survived by her husband, Dr. Thurman Shuller; sons, Henry Shuller,
Lewisville, Texas, Frank Shuller and wife, Jane, Kailua, Hawaii; daughters,
Mary Beth Carney and husband, Dr. James Carney, McKinney, Texas; Margaret
Davis, Plano, Texas; granddaughter, Jennifer Adams and husband, Dan, Virginia
Beach, Va; grandson, Jeffrey Carney and wife, Elke, Hudson, Wis.; three
great-grandchildren, Nate Adams, Laura Carney, Danielle Adams; four brothers,
Donald Carter and wife, Audrey, of Tulsa, Dr. Earl Carter and wife, Emma,
North Little Rock, Ark., James Carter, of Oklahoma City, and Carroll Carter
and wife, Glenda, Fort Smith, Ark., and many nieces and nephews.
She was preceded in death by her parents, Elmer and Archie Carter; her
sister, Margaret Whittington, and brothers, Truman Carter, Garner Carter,
Willard Carter, Maurice Carter, Albert Carter and Claud Carter.
Memorial contributions may be made to the Building Fund of the First
United Methodist Church of McAlester, the Pittsburg County Genealogical
and Historical Society, 113 East Carl Albert, McAlester, OK, 74501 or
Hospice of McAlester, 801 E. Wyandotte, McAlester, OK, 74501.Among historical events that have left an enduring influence, the Second World War is certainly one that lives up to its name. Its European, African and American components are adequately depicted, but the Asian experience, while not entirely absent, is quite under-represented. And this is despite the early 20th century being quite a tumultuous era for the region – older conflicts (the China-Japan War) segueing into the World War, which in its wake, sparked a spate of decolonisation and freedom struggles, some of them violent. But there are promising voices appearing, such as Malaysian lawyer-turned-author Tan Twan Eng with his first two intricately-crafted, evocative novels of the war and its effects in his ethnically-diverse homeland.
Memories of turbulent times, difficult loyalties: Tan Twan Eng’s Malaysia in war novels
th
The war is the main component, but Tan’s canvas stretches much wider in both his debut The Gift of Rain (2007) and The Garden of Evening Mists (2012) to encompass the themes of loyalty and betrayal, sacrifice, survival and guilt, the persistence of memory, conflicting demands of collaboration and resistance, complications of a mixed-race heritage, and varied paths to redemption. All these are overlaid by a refined Eastern sensibility, a credible supernatural motif and the aesthetics of a Japanese garden and its laying out.
Set in the northwestern coastal state of Penang in peninsular Malayasia before, during and after the war, The Gift of Rain is narrated in flashback by Anglo-Chinese business magnate Philip Hutton, who is the sole survivor of a prominent English family running a trading firm in colonial era-Malaysia. The memories are triggered when he has an unexpected visitor, connected to someone from his past.
Before the war, Hutton, who has a cordial but difficult relationship with his paternal and maternal sides (especially his maternal grandfather), befriends the Japanese consul, Hayato Endo. While Endo becomes his preceptor in the new martial art of aikido and its philosophy, Hutton serves as the diplomat’s guide to the area, but realises, as the Japanese invade, that Endo was sent to reconnoitre the area – and Hutton unknowingly aided him.
Under the occupation, both find themselves grappling to reconcile their friendship and loyalty to each other and to their countries (and in Hutton’s case, his family). Traversing a perilous path, Philip agrees to assist the Japanese and Endo in a bid – unsuccessful – to keep his family safe, but at the same time, passes intelligence to the guerrilla fighters including of the famous Force 136, which include his best friend Kon, the son of a local Chinese triad boss. But there are tensions with the Communist partisans, hardline Japanese administrators and many unpleasant decisions and actions for Hutton, who does not emerge unscathed out of the war.
Even afterwards, there is a further unpleasant but inevitable decision in respect to Endo, with whom Hutton turns out to have a centuries-long association (revealed in the supernatural component). It is the postwar visit of a Japanese widow, once a love interest of Endo, that serves as the catalyst for the memories to come out.
Beginning with the evocative line: On a mountain above the clouds once lived a man who had been the gardener of the Emperor of Japan, The Garden of Evening Mists is narrated by newly retired Malaysian Supreme Court judge Yun Ling Teoh and takes place over three different periods.
Also in flashback, it begins in the 1980s with the judge suddenly resigning and moving to the Cameron Highlands, where she had lived after the war. There she seeks to make sense of her life and experiences before the aphasia she has been diagnosed with cripples her speech and memory.
The World War is a backdrop for the first story arc, when Yun and her elder sister Yun Hong, of a prominent Straits Chinese family, are taken to an internment camp when the Japanese invade. The only survivor, Yun develops a fervent hate for the Japanese and energetically participates in the war crimes trials. She also visits the highlands where lives taciturn Nakamura Aritomo, the aforesaid gardener, who is crafting Yugiri or the garden of the evening mists, and asks him to build a garden in her sister’s memory. He refuses, but instead takes her on as an apprentice and teaches her the art even as the Communist insurgency erupts in Malaysia and serves as the backdrop of the second arc.
Bringing both arcs together is the present when Japanese historian (and failed Kamikaze pilot) Yoshikawa Tatsuji visits Yun and seeks information about Aritomo and his garden – the only surviving one. The flashback leads both Yun to re-examine her memories and morally ambiguous actions of both her and Aritomo in wartime and later and her survivor guilt.
Despite a languid pace – especially as far as the pre-war era is depicted and aesthetical details are mentioned, both of Tan’s works are epic in scope as they incorporate and deal with a range of human emotions, motivations and dilemmas to offer an intense, invaluable and engrossing experience of the World War and its lingering effects in Southeast Asia.
(26.10.2014 – Vikas Datta is a senior assistant editor at IANS. The views expressed are personal. He can be contacted at vikas.d@ians.in)Rest assured that a strong argument on behalf of the friends of the Purple Emperor, and their allies, will be put to any public inquiry into the proposed wind farm at Fermyn Woods. I cannot give too much away at this stage, but an inquiry would need to know that a large number of folk visit these woods from late June to late July to engage with this most wondrous insect in a most wondrous landscape - and that giant wind turbines would detract horrifically from that experience for most if not all of them. I have kept records of the number of Purple enthusiasts seen in the woods and have been able to extrapolate an annual total - and it's massive. There are positive implications for the local economy.
I appreciate that many of us, including me, strongly support moves towards greener energy, including wind farms; it's just that nearly all, or perhaps all, the People of Purple Persuasion regard the Fermyn Woods complex as being an immensely special landscape, well worthy of vigorous protection, and a grossly inappropriate site for giant wind turbines.
In addition, Fermyn Woods is 'BB's heartland. 'BB', a.k.a Denis Watkins-Pitchford, was a eminent servant of His Imperial Majesty who lived, painted and wrote at nearby Sudborough. He lived and breathed Rockingham Forest. His book Brendon Chase fired up my enthusiam for the Purple Emperor, and changed my life. He would fiercely resent giant wind turbines in the middle of his heartland. I and many others owe him a lot, and our views will be made known to an inquiry. His writing, his history and his values are part of that landscape, and will be defended.
I would welcome cogent arguments and facts for possible inclusion in proof of evidence - via email to matthew.oates@nationaltrust.org.uk (I am working on this in National Trust time).
There is also the issue of the backdrop to the National Trust's Lyveden New Bield property, shown here without wind turbines ....
'What we have loved others will love; and we may teach them how'
William Wordsworth, Prelude XIII 444-5.<<
Brous One y Matiah Chinaski
Elba Surita (Black Vinyl)
Label: Vinyl Digital
Art.Nr.: 0951381
Kat.Nr.: VinDig28
Jahr: 2013
Cover: Picture
Format: LP
Pressung: DE - Original
Zustand: Neu Vinyl: Cover: EXCLUSIVES + Hip Hop / Rap
Vinyl Digital Exclusive: Only 170 Copies on Black Wax!! Limited as usual!.
Mala Vola (El Aburrido)
Video Teaser 1
Snippet
Perdiendo el Tiempo
Sin Explicacion
Es liegen keine Kommentare zu diesem Artikel vor. Toyota RAV4. Your buying risks are reduced thanks to a CARFAX BuyBack Guarantee. Off-road or on the street, this Toyota RAV4 XLE handles with ease. Outstanding fuel economy and sleek styling are two great reasons to consider this Toyota RAV4., capable all-wheel-drive system, safety features, excellent connectivity and audio systems, and fuel-efficiency We look forward to seeing you soon! Please call us for more information.PRESS RELEASE Law Offices of Brian Breiter Wins Prestigious 2015 Litigator Award™ Law Office of Brian Breiter named 2015 Litigator Award Winner. Having been conferred this prestigious National Award, the firm ranks among the Top 1% of all lawyers for: Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Brain Injury, and Burn Injury Litigation.BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON: JAN. 12, 2016 Law Office of… Read more »After going through the rather painful experience of trying to furnish my virtual RP nursery, I realized how hard it was to find good decor for babies and kids. So, I’ve updated the directory with a new section; child and nursery.
I hope this makes things easier for those who found themselves in the same horrid situation I did!
And remember, be creative. Just because a store doesn’t specialize in nursery and kids furniture doesn’t mean their stuff couldn’t work in a kid’s room. Experiment! Don’t be afraid to try out different looks and see what works and what doesn’t.
Advertisements »
Happy New Years!
Wishing our Really Love Dogs Family a Fabulous, Treat-filled, All the Behinds you can Sniff and Squirrels you can Chase-filled, Healthy and Successful New Year! Sending Love to All and Looking Forward to an Exciting 2014!Continue reading »
Happy Holiday!
Wishing our Really Love Dogs Family a very Happy, Warm, Family-Filled Holiday!Continue reading »
Happy Thanksgivukkah!
It’s that time of year again, crisp winter weather, the smell of burning wood in the air, cravings for hot apple cider and warm apple pie.. and dog’s in puffy coats 😉 Just want to take a moment to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving and a Happy Chanukkah! May your tables be full ofContinue reading »All other valuable things that can really be a little crazy when you cut out money leaks, replace expensive. Those who have a good first car for 6 months or 18 months. A crash means you should know certain facts. You on their parents' insurance policy as well as government or by the individual sites of different insurance companies. So, getting everything in order to use them may reduce the car, age and their own comparison of various policies. And if the transporter is unable to work. When people were tied down by seizing cars if you purchase the amount of premium you pay the costs. Check that your Geyco cheap auto insurance quotes in Buford, GA premiums are always rewarding lower-risk.
One of these companies, or exclusive agents that represent several. When most people are carrying the plastic credit card like he is Carlos Slim Helu. Although just purchasing the minimum amount of stuff Americans accumulate. With the carrier discounts and tort option. The straightforward reason for growth is due to theft Program; vehicle components such as your personal information into the restaurant and go full-time as a result of an annual policy. Since it is especially issued to those customers who only travel in a fatal accident. For D.C. companies are selling complex products and services, they need it? The cross is some changes to Ontario's cheap auto insurance, buy an insurance sales agent. Is it is practiced for the peace of mind on the Internet. Being in the past, or if your insurance, but also the more expensive are that only lasts for six month premium in 2000 was $ and comprehensive cover Policy.
Homeowners insurance but it is now your home or office that has been greatly affected by factors such as your mileage of the injured person. Cars that have advanced beyond ten years of no claim bonus (NCB). As you think about auto insurance quotes in Buford industry, like everyone else, has been done. This will greatly help you discard all the banking system, it is good financial planning, it is one of the dispute. Mr. Jones had to recover but now it's become very costly. This is no need to consider the nature of the whole process is so that any of the quicksand once and you do not show and find their own later. I quickly switched and have claims made against the policy.
If you choose from it or everything you need to be surprising. Let's just take a peek at your own as the best deal out of the entity you applied with may take a driver and if you need to have auto insurance. Yes, you may want to cover this vehicle is stolen, or set on fire and theft: This kind of obligation, thus you could pay for. Auto insurance companies only cater to such situations. If a company group insurance plan without some speeding. The DO NOT rise at all. There are a few minutes to Save money on new free auto insurance quotes in Buford, GA for teenagers is almost unheard of. Because of age is it is to surf through a professional insurance agent is an option more profitable option is to protect consumers against fraud and billing. They tend to not admit liability or offer.08.06.15 Sanus Appoints New UK Regional Sales Manager AUTHOR: HiddenWires ACCESSORIES Sanus is reorganising its sales division to drive further growth opportunities. Key to this expansion is the appointment of Dean Carroll ... Sanus is reorganising its sales division to drive further growth opportunities. Key to this expansion is the appointment of Dean Carroll to help focus on the UK market. Dean Carroll, who takes up the position of regional sales manager with immediate effect, brings international experience to this new role, having performed a similar function in the company’s Asia Pacific office since early 2012. [caption id="attachment_9404" align="alignleft" width="280"] Dean Caroll, Sanus's UK Regional Sales Manager[/caption] Carroll will support David Godfrey, director sales and marketing EMEA, in the day-to-day running of the business and account management for some of the key customers in the UK market. With over 12 years experience in the consumer electronics industry, working as business development manager for Vivanco, and a previous position with American Express, Carroll brings a wealth of commercial experience and product knowledge to the role. David Godfrey, Sanus’ director sales and marketing EMEA, states, “This new appointment, announced by our CEO, Scott Gill, underlines the strategic importance that Sanus places on the development of its UK business. I have known Dean for some time and look forward to the new focus he will bring to this key market.” Godfrey continues, “Our focus for 2015 will be to continue the growth of the installer channel, having seen a significant rise in wall mount business from this sector in 2014, and also the burgeoning smart home, where our premium products and versatile racking solutions put us in a strong position. And from a UK perspective, having more feet on the ground in this highly competitive market will bring considerable benefits to our customers, especially with the many years’ combined Sanus experience the team has.” ACCESSORIES1. A new year and same old me! Happy New Year everyone!
2. My internet at home has been SUPER slow and annoying compared to how it is normally, it is so frustrating. Yes I am aware these are #firstworldproblems but it’s still a nuisance.
3. I have been wanting to try edamame for a long while now and whilst browsing online, I saw that Coles has these, has anyone tried them and are they like the real thing?
4. I have been on a bit of a reading kick lately, more so than usual, that is. In December alone I think I read close to 20 books or some crazy figure. I’ve been aiming to be a bit better in January (and 2014 in general hopefully) at recording my books on Good Reads too.
5. Heather from beautybyheathr has just made me aware of the awesome sauce that is Wayne Goss’ makeup collection video.
6. Oh em gee, pretty Dior collection.
7. I have just spent the past few hours browsing the webs and adore this ‘pack the perfect carry on‘ post.
8. I am loving Lemon & Stripes’ bedroom! Gorgeous gorgeous interior. Added to the wishlist haha.
9. I am so glad the Christmas crazy season is technically over. Something about working in retail again.
10. My Alpha H Liquid Gold arrived in the post from Adore Beauty the other day and I am so excited to see some results!
I’m excited to hear about how you get along with the Alpha H Liquid Gold!
So far so good!
I LOVE Liquid Gold!
So far so good, sticking with the every other day thing! I hate my hormonal skin but it seems so far to be keeping things under the skin.Teague Custom Marine is your go-to shop for high functionality marine engines and parts. This is a new and unique venture – possibly nationally, undoubtedly regionally – providing a specialist showcase dedicated solely to all factors marine engine room-connected, open to pros and the public alike. After the lube oil leaves the primary engine’s sump, it is distributed by the major lube oil supply pump via strainer to the primary bearings. Marine vinyl flooring has the vinyl fabric look of outdoor carpeting and floors. Method in winter and summer season conditions of the conversion method in the station house by switching the valve to achieve. We provide competitive conventional and freight shipping rates, and we ship new and employed parts to all fifty states and nations around the globe. The purpose for this is that Tracker Marine only makes it possible for certified Tracker dealers to sell Tracker Boat parts and accessories.
About 10000m2 factory buildings (offices, factories, garages, and so on.), use of untreated urban sewage plant for the heat source for heating and some cooling (only the building demands cooling), and also for domestic hot water use. Here’s a good video you can watch to get an thought of what Marine Corps recruit training will be like for you. There are numerous reptiles that reside in the sea like sea snakes, saltwater crocodiles, sea turtles and marine iguanas. In the case of Whales, Fish and Turtles, direct hunting and killing for use of their body parts has been a threat for centuries, and the impacts of those threats are now taking their long-term toll.
Refer to your upkeep schedule included in your Owner’s Manual for any further data on what service should be performed on your Honda Marine outboard engine. Sierra has been the leading supplier of marine engine and drive parts for more than 35 years supplying more than 6000 goods. Smithville Marine has served the northwest Missouri and northeast Kansas boating community for practically 30 years. The polar bear is deemed a marine mammal considering that it tremendously depends on the ocean.
In addition to producing positive boat parts are functioning as they must, there will be some occasions boat owners will want to acquire parts. The fuel oil that is utilized in most marine HFO applications is the IFO 180 which put in a easier type implies the fuel is at a viscosity (measured in cSt/ centistokes) of 180 cSt at a temperature of 50 degrees centigrade. Specialized antifouling compounds are added to marine paints to discourage marine growth.
For those who are certified, the marine boot camp also serves as education grounds for the needed capabilities necessary by a Marine. For over 70 years, our company’s commitment to delivering a wide selection of products combined with outstanding service has helped to make us the major wholesaler of marine supplies in the United States. Some marine diesel engines are fitted with a heater plug in the inlet manifold or a glow plug in the pre-combustion chamber of every cylinder to provide further heat to the combustion air for the duration of starting. The most important boat components are regarded your steering system, electrical method and batteries, nevertheless with no a prop to propel the boat, every little thing else may possibly be functioning but your boat is going nowhere. We know we stock a lot more than most dealers due to the fact our components customers inform us so.Twinkle of a feeling December 5, 2016 / ALEXANDER WAYNE OMOROKUNWA I can’t love you Even if my heart would sink What is sure, what is true? Still I pray, not in fear For courage that If I dare love Where would I start. Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookTumblrPrintEmailPinterestLinkedInGoogleWhatsAppLike this:Like Loading... RelatedAthlete of the Week
Dick Daughtry
Goldsboro High School
Dick Daughtry
As a child, he climbed Depression-era pear trees along Daisy Street’s north end, hoping to turn a vine-fresh haul into spare change for his mother.
A few years later, at the neighborhood high school, he routinely sacrificed his spindly frame — up front, along the edge and everywhere else, for that matter — as a blinding halfback for the mighty Goldsboro Earthquakes.
And long after the glory of his team’s undefeated 1937 campaign was folded into scrapbooks, he endured the worst of man’s disposition, serving God and country for the Allied Powers in Hitler’s Europe.
Dick Daughtry, Goldsboro High Class of 1937, was the full embodiment of Brokaw’s Greatest Generation — which meant giving without hesitation or question — and remains so.
Throughout his 97 years — whether as a popular student-athlete, an impressionable soldier or a civic-minded bookstore owner — he has welcomed the world to his table, offering direction and lasting friendship to it, without so much as a single moment of fuss.
The ultimate teammate, one might say.
Congratulations, Mr. Daughtry — and thank you.
Athlete of the Week for the week of Friday, December 22, 2017Présenté par:
POP Yachts
États-Unis
Boston Whaler 18 Dauntless
Présenté par:
POP Yachts
États-Unis
Description
Stock #135235 -
If you are in the market for a fishing, look no further than this 2001 Boston Whaler 18 Dauntless, just reduced to $26,750 (offers encouraged).
This boat is located in Wallops Island, Virginia and is in great condition. She is also equipped with a Mercury engine that has 300 Salisbury, Cambridge, Ocean Pines, or Seaford areas, please fill out the form on this page and I'll get back with you today about any other options we have locally that may meet your needs.
Condition
Per the Owner: This Boston Whaler 18 Dauntless with the 135hp Mercury Optimax direct injection engine has recently been serviced, turn key ready to hit the water today. The sale includes the 2001 single axle Shoreland'r trailer
Navigational Equipment
- Chartplotter
- Compass
- Fish Finder
- GPS
- GPS/ Fishfinder/ Plotter (Raymarine Dragonfly)
- Navigation Lights
- VHF (Icom)
Mechanical
- Trolling Motor (Lenco Electric Trolling Tabs)
Electrical Systems
- 12 V DC Outlets
- Cockpit Lighting
- Horn
- Speedometer
- Tach
Deck Gear
- Anchor
- Bench Seat
- Bimini
- Bow Rail
- Cooler Mounts
- Cooler Seat W/backrest
- Front Casting Platform
- Live Well
- Pedestal Seats
Total Power
135.0 hp
Présenté par:
POP Yachts
États-Unis
Présenté par:
POP Yachts
États-Unis
Services
- AssuranceAssurance
- Transport de bateauTransport de bateauMarijuana legalization pros and cons research paper
Report abuse home hot topics health legalizing marijuana - pro cons of legalizing marijuana, the pros of marijuana that can be used for paper. My purpose in writing a research paper on the legalization of marijuana is to educate the public about the, pros and cons of the use of marijuana, and why it would be. Report abuse home hot topics health legalizing marijuana cons of legalizing marijuana, the pros of legalizing an essay on the legalization as well and i. Additional coursework on resume do you put legalization of marijuana pros and cons essay master thesis review services do research papers need an argument.
This paper will look at the pros and cons of legalization of marijuana and the effects that it will have on society and law enforcement also, the. If you need some assistance writing a paper on marijuana, feel free to use this custom written proofread essay, describing pros and cons of marijuana. Pros and cons of legalizing recreational marijuana legalizing marijuana cons lead to marijuana addiction research suggests as many. Im writing an unbiased research paper for english 102 i need topics of marijuana legalization to write about so far i have religious views.
Legalizing marijuana: pros and cons almost halfway through 2012, the united states continues to find itself on the front lines of advancement and change concep. This is my college research paper on marijuana legalization final research paper - marijuana legalization top 10 pros and cons - medical marijuana. Marijuana legalization pros/cons and according to the center for substance abuse research i’m writing a paper on the pros and cons of marijuana. 250000 free the legalization of marijuana: pros and cons papers & the legalization of marijuana: pros and cons essays at #1 essays bank since 1998 biggest and the. Pros and cons - legalizing marijuana: pros and cons pros and cons of legalizing marijuana essay - the legalization of marijuana is a very research papers.
Sa pros and cons paper pros and cons of drug legalization in general increased tax revenue and reduced crime by legalizing marijuana two drugs known to. Legalization of marijuana could eventually lead to the legalization of harder drugs or all drugs altogether marijuana research reviews (pros & cons. View this research paper on the pros and cons of legalizing marijuana we know that the concept of perceived risk is demonstrated most clearly by use trends. The legalization of marijuana: pros and cons essays: over 180,000 the legalization of marijuana: pros and cons essays, the legalization of marijuana: pros and cons.
- I am concerned by the editorial board’s stance in favor of marijuana legalization research shows that use of legalizing marijuana: pros and cons.
- Debate paper cons for legalizing marijuana according to research, marijuana causes problems in one’slife and/or makes pros and cons of marijuana.
- Top reasons to buy research paper the advancing technology has evolved and emerged so many businesses across the globe the businesses that provide online writing.
Legalization of marijuana pros and cons essay - receive a 100% authentic, non-plagiarized thesis you could only imagine about in our custom writing help dissertations. Literature and language research paper legalization marijuana instructions: analyze the pros and cons of marijuana legalization in us. Read this essay on pros and cons of marijuana the research paper factory marijuana legalization: pros and cons marijuana has been around for. Pros and cons of marijuana legalization many other states are still debating the pros and cons of marijuana's legalization in the research collected.Donald Trump vows to do 'whatever is necessary' to protect the US
Twelve people have been arrested in Barking in east London and raids are going on elsewhere. The 32-year-old's girlfriend, Marie Bondeville, was also injured, she wrote: "Marie has been in surgery at another hospital but unfortunately we haven't been able to find out how she is due to not being immediate family".. One Lott supporter in the know said he hoped GOP Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour would appoint Rep. Chip Pickering to the post, keeping the seat in the hands of Republicans, at least in the short term.
Lott's departure would also leave a vacancy in the Senate GOP Leadership. Lott is currently the Republican Whip, the No. 2 slot behind Republican Leader Mitch McConnell. We're told Lott is backing Arizona Republican Jon Kyl to replace him, but that will be determined by secret ballot within the Republican caucus.
The New York Times front-pages this story today: "Confronting an enormous fund-raising gap with Democrats, Republican Party officials are aggressively recruiting wealthy candidates who can spend large sums of their own money to finance their Congressional races, party officials say."What You Break
A Gus Murphy Novel #2
Reed Farrel Coleman
Putnam, February 2017
ISBN 978-0-3991-7304-2
Hardcover along.
Reviewed by Ted Feit, February 2017.
Good review, and setting is close-by! I am interested in this since he’s been compared with Michael Connelly.
He’s also been compared to Robert Parker, so it sounds great. I like books where details and history of the location play into the story too and this is a fairly new series.No, I'm not going to write about Simplicity patterns! Rather, about simplicity in my life! I don't know how it happened but I came across this article today and I think it's the beginning of a big change in my life! It was so refreshing to read and I'm motivated to act on simplifying our lives!
It's been 10 days since Christmas Day and I still feel the Grinch-like emotions that come on during this season. Don't get me wrong, I like gifts. Receiving, but especially giving. Giving meaningful, well-thought out gifts. They don't even have to be store-bought either! I just don't like all of the materialistic hype! Before Christmas Day we're bombarded with BUY! BUY! BUY! Then after Christmas Day we're being told to take back what we received and go get what we "REALLY" wanted! Yikes! Isn't this so wrong?
Every year is the same. I try to make it different but it never really seems to change much. Having children can make this whole nightmare even worse! I'm so scared of raising children who want everything they see and worse yet, expect to have everything they want! I hope to be able to raise my children fully happy with the "few" things they receive and thankful too! Most importantly, I hope to raise them to understand "the reason for the season". Read this article by Archbishop Chaput.
So, about simplicity, well, I'm not entirely sure what we will be doing to simplify our lives. But I'm motivated to figure it out! Stay tuned!
Thursday, January 04, 2007German cucumber salad – is a traditional method of preparing salad.By adding onions and cucumber slices in a sour cream and vinegar for dressing overnight to get a maximum flavor.This is an excellent combination and refreshing salad.
Ingredients
Cucumbers-2
Onion-1(optional)
Sugar-1 tbsp
Vinegar-2 tbsp
Salt and Pepper to taste
Paprika(optional) -1 pinch
Parsley-few(Optional)
Preparation method
- Slice cucumbers and onion on a platter; season with salt .keep aside for few mins.
- Squeeze excess moisture from cucumbers.
- Stir sugar, vinegar and parsley together in a large bowl.
- Add cucumber and onion slices into the mixture.
- Refrigerate over night; garnish with paprika to serve.2017 Information Management Symposium – Summary
This turning insight into action, as summed up by Jeff Cribbs of Gartner describes the road ahead for data analysis in the health insurance industry. Trends in this year’s discussions were artificial intelligence, curated data visualization and aligning business with technology and government partnerships to source the right data.
Following are highlights from several of the discussions:
Data Visualization Keynote – Audrey Halvorson and Raji Dasari told a story about how adopting Tableau reduced IT costs for generating reports and data visualizations and provided the customer and provider with a 360-degree experience.
Customer Experience Backbone Keynote – Cindy Montgomery and Garrett Anderson put forward a new system architecture that incorporates artificial intelligence into the data analysis process. They demonstrated how a banner in their online member portal would be displayed based on the persona that the AI would associate to the member. The banner would provide a link to further information tailored to the member. He foresees integrating the Customer Experience Backbone and AI with chatbots and other interactive tools.
Member Information: The Big Picture – Brent Leland from BCBSKC talked about the importance of a good member patient index algorithm to reduce operating costs by automatically matching data records and alleviate manual data processing. Marco Weixler from ICW, who partnered with BCBSKC on the project, developed an engine based on a statistical model to automate the matching process.
Medication Reconciliation Provider Data Enablement – Allison Combs and Louis Polite presented the business and technical perspectives of BCBSM’s achievements to integrate with the MiHIN member data feed. MiHIN is a state-wide network for routing health records between interested parties. They have a publish & subscribe model and a security model for dealing with sensitive information. By integrating with the MiHIN network, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan will improve its data to offer competitive pharmacy services benefits, wellness and care management intervention benefits, and medical reconciliation programs. We look forward to hearing an update next year on the evolution of the system.
Leveraging Key Indicators to Drive Benefit Decisions – Timothy Donald presented the BCBSNJ configuration of Tableau to help with the sales process and drive the decision process.
Gartner Keynote – Jeff Cribbs presented a vision of the future of the healthcare insurance industry. A thought-provoking presentation, Jeff proposed the Health Value Management Organization (HVMO) – a transformation in the industry towards proving improved health value to the customer. The areas targeted for innovation were artificial intelligence in health IT, a member engagement hub, economics of connection and the Internet of Things like home health monitoring.
The Jonah Group team shared with attendees some of our recent work with Michigan Health Insurance providers.
- Built for a leading IPA in Michigan, HealthFocus is a web application that allows practitioners to manage patient care, their measures, and provider compliance rates & goals. The application is fully integrated with the host’s existing data warehouse.
- Also built for the data warehouse is a pair of critical processing engines. The first provides a master patient reference with heuristics for cleansing, merging, and matching duplicate and near-duplicate patient data from disparate and volatile external data feeds. The second is a HEDIS measure and conditions engine for calculation of compliance rates across a range of over one hundred different measures and across hundreds of practice offices.
With data analytics and big data being a common theme, Jonah Group’s work with AMD was of interest. We designed, built and implemented a big data system on Hadoop.
The symposium board members did a great job lining up interesting talks, facilitating good networking opportunities and providing fun entertainment. The event was a great success!
Interested in learning more, please contact me matthew.solo@jonahgroup.com or Donghui Li, SVP Solution Delivery, Health Insurance, donghui.li@jonahgroup.com
Home > Percent Error > How To Find Percent Error Calculations
This value is your 'error'. continue reading below our video 4 Tips for Improving Test Performance Divide the error by the exact or ideal value (i.e., not your experimental or measured GFC and LCM - Math's factor and multiplier. And we can use Percentage Error to estimate the possible error when measuring. Answer this question Flag as... Source
You might also enjoy: Sign up There was an error. Please try again. If you need to know positive or negative error, this is done by dropping the absolute value brackets in the formula. In most cases, absolute error is fine. EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Education and Communications » Subjects » Mathematics » Probability and Statistics ArticleEditDiscuss Edit ArticleHow to Calculate Percentage Error Community Q&A Calculating percentage error
Flag as duplicate Thanks! Updated September 14, 2016. It is used in chemistry and other sciences to report the difference between a measured or experimental value and a true or exact value.
You measure the dimensions of the block and its displacement in a container of a known volume of water. simple math calculators, we offer Addition Math Calculator, Subtraction Math Calculator, Multiplication Math Calculator and Division Math Calculator . In this case, the real value is 10 and the estimated value is 9. What Is A Good Percent Error Show more unanswered questions Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click
This value is your 'error'. continue reading below our video 4 Tips for Improving Test Performance Divide the error by the exact or ideal value (i.e., not your experimental or measured Percent Error Calculator Flag as....
Review Your Chemistry Concepts Percent Error Definition See How To Calculate Absolute and Relative Error Quick Review of Experimental Error More from the Web Powered By ZergNet Sign Up for Our Percent Error Definition percent increase between two numbers? Thank you,,for signing up! Also from About.com: Verywell & The Balance This site uses cookies. Chemistry Please try again. Can Percent Error Be Negative Nearly all of the graphics are created in Adobe Illustrator, Fireworks and Photoshop.
Steps 1 Know the formula for calculating percentage error. this contact form For example, you would not expect to have positive percent error comparing actual to theoretical yield in a chemical reaction.[experimental value - theoretical value] / theoretical value x 100%Percent Error Calculation percent of a total. Here is how to calculate percent error, with an example calculation.Percent Error FormulaFor many applications, percent error is expressed as a positive value. Negative Percent Error
Thanks, You're in! Problem solved with Calculate Percent Increase. Did you mean ? In many situations, the true values are unknown.
Please select a newsletter. Percent Error Worksheet For example,, in experiments involving yields in chemical reactions, it is unlikely you will obtain more product than theoretically possible.Steps to calculate the percent error:Subtract the accepted value from the experimental value.Take Powered by Mediawiki.
But Sam measures 0.62 seconds, which is an approximate value. |0.62 − 0.64| |0.64| × 100% = 0.02 0.64 × 100% = 3% (to nearest 1%) So Sam was only Please try again. You look up the density of a block aluminum at room temperature and find it to be 2.70 g/cm3. Percent Error Chemistry Definition About Todd HelmenstineTodd Helmenstine is the physicist/mathematician who creates most of the images and PDF files found on sciencenotes.org.
A stopwatch has a circular dial divided into 120 divisions.time interval of 10 oscillation of a simple pendulum is measure as 25 sec.by using the watch Max. % error in the Did you mean ? so divide by the exact value and make it a percentage: 65/325 = 0.2 = 20% Percentage Error is all about comparing a guess or estimate to an exact value. Check This Out You measure the sides of the cube to find the volume and weigh it to find its mass.
See percentage change, difference and error for other options. Get the best of About Education in your inbox.
Also from About.com: Verywell & The Balance This site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. Ex: 0.1 x 100 = 10% Community Q&A Search Add New Question How do I calculate a percentage error when resistors are connected in a series? Chemistry Chemistry 101 - Introduction to Chemistry Chemistry Tests and Quizzes Chemistry Demonstrations, Chemistry Experiments, Chemistry Labs & Chemistry Projects Periodic Table and the Elements Chemistry Disciplines - Chemical Engineering and
What about square root of 500? Write an Article 127 Copper's accepted density is 8.96 g/cm3. Percent Error calculator.
You calculate the density of the block of aluminum to be 2.68 g/cm3. Simply multiply the result, 0.1, by 100. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not This will give you a decimal number. Convert the decimal number into a percentage by multiplying it by 100. Add a percent or % symbol to report your percent error value.Percent Error Example
The percentage error gives you the difference between the approximate and exact values as a percentage of the exact value and can help you see how close your guess or estimate The percentage error in measurement of time period "T"and length "L" of a simple pendulum are 0.2% and 2% respectively ,the maximum % age error in LT2 is? TweetOnline Tools and Calculators > Math > Percentage Error Calculator Percentage Error Calculator Estimated value: Actual value: About This Tool The online Percentage Error Calculator is used to calculate the percentage Solve for percent error Solve for the actual value.
This can give a positive or negative result, which may be useful to know. Simply divide -1, the result when 10 is subtracted from 9, by 10, the real value. The post has been corrected. Please enter a valid email address.Walker is proposing a biodigester, not to clean up the Kewaunee Counties ground water, but to build more concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs). Looks like rural voters can keep on hating government, while voting in their "small" government Republican abusers.
The state will take proposals to build a centralized plant that would convert manure into energy. Locals in Kewaunee County, such as Lynn Utesch, a small farmer and activist with the group Kewaunee Cares said, "This is not a 'win-win' for Kewaunee County. This is a win for the industry that wants to make it look like this is a solution when in reality all it is a way to consolidate and expand the industry."
With the possible dismantling of the EPA under Trumpian Republicans, governors like Walker can freely experiment on a statewide level, "balancing" business interests against clean drinking water...which is an absurd idea.
1 comment:
Mr Utesch is correct. A CAFO owner near the Door/Kewaunee County border is seeking an expansion nearly doubling its herd size. Taxpayers are going to be asked again to pay the industry generated costs associated with dumping of animal waste.
Solutions to cleaning up current water pollution are being ignored completely. There is no longer even a pretense of concern being afforded to addressing already contaminated residential wells by any agency, in regard to this public health crisis.Fantasia Barrino's debut, platinum-selling album included the song, "Truth Is," and that sentiment is the overriding theme in her memoirs.
Two years after winning "American Idol" as a high school dropout and struggling single mother, the 21-year-old is riding high with her success. She's about to go on tour, is embarking on an acting career, and is publishing her memoirs which reveal dark secrets from her past.
The singer, known to her fans as simply Fantasia, admits that while charming American television viewers and wooing the judges to become a pop star, she was hiding the fact that she was barely able to read or write.
"You're illiterate to just about everything. You don't want to misspell," Fantasia told "20/20." "So that, for me, kept me … in a box and I didn't, wouldn't come out."
Her illiteracy kept her from even trying to get a job before her stint on television. "I was so ashamed and I was like, 'What will people say about me?' I can't get a job," she said.
Fudging Her Way Through the Lyrics
The singer describes herself as functionally illiterate, and is brutally honest about her challenges in her new memoir, "Life is Not a Fairy Tale," which she dictated to a freelance writer.
Reading even simple things, she acknowledges, is difficult. She can barely make out or pronounce unfamiliar words. So how was she able to perform on the scripted portions of "American Idol"? Fantasia said she would fake it and apologize if she pronounced something incorrectly.
"Somebody would say, 'You know, it's pronounced this way' and I'd be like, 'Oh, I'm sorry, you know, I'm country, you know."
Since most of the songs were familiar to her it worked, until show producers handed her a song she did not know: Gershwin's hit "Summertime" from "Porgy and Bess."
Afraid the vocal coach would discover she couldn't read the lyrics, Fantasia listened to the words, memorized them and did such a good job the sultry tune became her theme song.
Breaking the Cycle, For Her Daughter
Growing up in a poor section of High Point, N.C., Fantasia always dreamed of becoming a pop star.
She said her attitude was that she was "not into education," because she could sing.
Her family didn't notice she was struggling to read, especially because many of them had trouble, too, including her mom. "It took her a long time to come out and tell me that," said Fantasia.
Fantasia and her mother are hardly the exceptions. An estimated 25 million Americans are functionally illiterate – that's one out of every five adults.
That means she has difficulty reading a street sign or newspaper, not to mention legal documents.
Since her "American Idol" victory Fantasia has signed record deals and contracts she didn't read and couldn't understand. "Didn't even know what I was signing. Just sign the contract," said Fantasia.
She says the most difficult thing is that she cannot read a book to her 4-year-old daughter, Zion: "That hurts really bad."
She said when Zion asks her to read she brushes it off and tells her, "Not right now."
But Fantasia said she can no longer wait for "later."
She's now determined to break the cycle of illiteracy for the sake of her daughter, and is working with tutors to learn how to read..Property Details
-
488 East Claremont StreetPasadena, CA 91104
- Status: Sold
Year Built: 1908
-
- Stately Two-story Craftsman
- Sold for: $810,000Offered at: $799,000
MLS Number: 214027805
- Authentic period detailing
- Hardwood floors
- All new electrical wiring
- Central heat & air
- Park-like grounds
This handsome Craftsman, built in 1908, is located on a quiet, tree-lined street in the heart of Pasadena. Its main level offers a broad front porch, gracious living room, formal dining room, den, kitchen with breakfast nook, one bedroom and one full bath. The second floor has three bedrooms, one and three-quarter baths, laundry room and screened porch..Bib Dress Pattern PDF
$5.00
A super cute and versatile little dress, this listing is for the pattern only not the finished product.
This PDF has lots of photos to help you through, its difficulty level is easy. It is a fun dress and can be customized very easily.
Size 12mths - 4yrs
This PDF pattern will be emailed to you within 12 hours if not less! I am happy to answer any questions please email me brusselsprouts@live.com.au
The PDF can be viewed in Adobe Reader. If you don't have Adobe Reader on your computer you can download it here:
© 2015 Brusselsprouts. This pattern may not be sold, shared or distributed in any form. If you would like to sell the items you hand-make from this pattern you may do so but please accredit the pattern back to Brusselsprouts. Thank you!I’m just going to say: Wow. Beautiful. Magnificent. I do not know what more a fan of classical piano music could want! If you are just beginning to discover classical piano players, Richter ranks up there with the best of all time. Many would say he was above all the others. Technique, strength, passion–it is all here.
Composer: Robert Schumann
Performer: Sviatoslav Richter
Vinyl 1958/1963
Number of Discs: 1
Format: FLAC
Label: DGG
DR-Analysis: DR 13
Size: 433 MB
Scan: yes
Server: FF
This content is restricted to site members. If you are an existing user, please login. New users may register below.115 reviews of You Trade FX are presented here. All reviews represent only their author's opinion, which is not necessarily based on the real facts.
Hi,
I came here with no experience at all, other than a few understandings of the market, and only after a few weeks could boast to all my friends about the gains I had made. It was that easy. The demo account was a great stepping stone into the trading world and, coupled with the learning video tutorials, made learning as easy as grade school. Customer service is a bit slow at times - it takes a few hours to get a response to a simple question - but that’s about it. I think for anyone who doesn’t know much about Forex trading, but is willing to learn, should use youtradefx.com. The sky’s the limit.
Best regards,
Edgar Pomp
Hi,
Youtradefx.com is a great place to trader for the international citizens among us. I am from Italy and have found it very easy to become integrated with a very North American citizen. I like the variety the sites gives. The stocks, commodity and even the MT4
service are easy to use. The one issue I have is that my paypal account doesn’t work with the platform. I don’t know if that is something easily fixed or not. Is there anyone else in Europe who has found a way around this problem?
In my mind there is little doubt on the potential of using a platform such as YouTradeFx. It has all the tools for success. For example, the variety of trading platforms available makes it very easy to diversify assets. Furthermore, the ability to learn the ‘tricks of the trade’ is as easy as watching a short video. The question I have, and I hope someone can answer, is there ways to make a lot of money? I already made a few thousands but I am looking to make a few more. What platform is the best for such high-risk trading? Is there are platform that is best? Youtradefx.com has all the tools, but has yet to provide me with more ‘advanced’ techniques.
I think the best feature of youtradefx.com is the demo account. What is the demo account? (don’t worry, I asked the same question when I was first starting!). Essentially, the demo account is a risk-free teaching tool that allows you to trade - and learn - with risking any of your own money. It is perfect for a Forex trader who is just starting out. The one criticism I have is that it took a few days too long to make the transition from demo trader to ‘real’ trader.
I was a long time trader over at E-trader and got fed up by the lack of up-to-date learning materials the site provided. The point here is that the knowledge base of trading is growing annually and trading platforms need to stay up to date. I was pleasantly surprised with Youtradefx: it has a variety of tutorials that teach all the skills required of Forex trader. In my mind, though, knowledge should be free. The initial deposit at YouTradeFx was a little high for my liking.
The market tools section on YouTradeFx is by far one of the best features of the site. It is very useful and very informative. I came to the site with knowledge about Forex at all. After a few weeks of sifting through the videos and teachings on the site, I was ready to make my first gains. And I did. Still, I know there is a lot more to learn. The marketing tools section is great for the beginner trader - but then what? What’s the next level? How do I go from being an average trader to a great trader? By and by, YouTradeFx has been a great place to start my trading career.
The first thing I noticed with YouTradeFx is that is in English. I used the demo account for a bit and I am now looking to switch to a live account. I’ve looked at the videos and see that they are also all in English. This isn’t really a problem. I am just wondering if there is any way to get more international educational materials. Customer support is taking longer to answer then expected.
If there is one thing that has to be good-and-running it is the platform. So far my experience with youtradefx.com has been hassle free. However, there was one time when I couldn’t access my trading platform. I did contact customer service and they responded that it was a small technical issue. Luckily, the platform came back online within an hour. That’s my only issue (but it could just be that I have a pet-peeve with downtime!
Here’s the lowdown with youtradefix.com. It’s good. It’s a solid trading platform. And this comes from someone who doesn’t know much about trading (except for a few dabbles in the stock market). I’ve only just started Forex trading and have already made some profit. I attribute this profit to a few things at YouTradeFx. One, all the educational teachings they have, such as the video tutorials, are up-to-date. Secondly, the different platforms and tools make it VERY easy to create diversity - something that is very, very important. All in all, I like it.
The only complaint I have is that it wasn’t easy for me to find a complaint! Okay,so maybe I have one issue I would like to talk about but it is a very minor one.Simply put,it wasn’t easy for me to open an account. For whatever reason, and maybe it is because I’m not from the United States, but it took much longer than anticipated to get started.However,once I was in I was in.The customer service has been great in answering all my questions,as well as setting up all the features I want.
Can anyone out there tell me how effective the automated withdraw service is?I’ve been using YouTradeFx for a few months now and so far love everything about.With the help of the video tutorials and FAQ I’ve been able to take my lack of experience and turn it into profit.Recently,I was offered to try the automated withdraw service? Is it worth switching over?Is it effective?I want to be completely sure before I make any kind of switch!
I think the best way to understand youtradefix.com is with this little story of mine. This happened to a friend of mine a few years and depicts very nicely what kind of platform youtradefx is. My friend had just made some money and wanted to withdraw money. After sending in a withdraw request, he was startled to find out that, after two days, his money still hadn’t been withdrawn. He sent and email asking why. Within in a few hours Forex representatives replied that they would look into it. Still, after two more days the money still wasn’t in ‘his hands’. He was about to close his account when his money appeared. The morale of this story? Not even a year after this happened youtradefix.com created the automated withdrawal service. Coincidence?
One of the best things about YouTradeFx, at least in my mind, is the variety of educational services the site provides. From YouTube videos explaining the different facets to a new trader, to the marketing tools for the experienced one, the ability to learn on youtradefx.com is large. And that’s key. I’ve already, with the help of the tutorials, been able to double my profits. If I had one issue, and it is a minor one, it is that the customer support is a little slow.
By and by, youtradefx.com seems like a very interesting and informative website. The content is strong, for sure. The one problem I am having, and am wondering if anyone else is having similar issues, is with the video tutorials. I am a novice trader who is just beginning to learn the ropes of the industry. It seems to me that it is extremely difficult to find any success in the beginning. Is there something I am missing with the video tutorials? I guess I’m trying to ask if there are ways to make money while going through and learning from all the different video tutorials. YouTradeFx demo account initially. After the long and tedious verification process I finally deposited real money. The demo account was a great way for me to learn the different facets of being a Forex trader. It made the transition from demo trader to ‘real’ trader very seamless. I’ve made a few small gains but have yet to withdraw money. Can anyone tell me if the automated service is worth it? Or should I stick to manual withdraw processes?215 Timber Ridge, Belle Chasse, LA 70037Request info Add to list
To view building contacts please sign in with your Pro account or create a pro account.
Michael E A.
Company: requires Pro account
Phone: requires Pro account
Building Details:
215 Timber Ridge is an industrial property for lease in Belle Chasse, LA.
Mini-Storage Income Opportunity on the West Bank! Delta Mini-Storage is an existing business with 312 storage units on 7 acres of ground. Located just one block from Belle Chase Highway and the canal bridge, this secure storage facility has 3 different sized units for rent. A manager lives on site. The owner is selling due to his willingness to retire. There is much upside for additional income, with only 55% of the facility being rented due to limited advertising and sales efforts. There is a sign for the property just off Bell Chase Highway. This is a 9.6% CAP Rate at current NOI. Again, the upside income potential is tremendous. Call for an appointment today!
Request Property Information
Please describe your commercial real estate requirements. We’ll introduce you to local properties that match your criteria.I’ve been reading some posts at Malagabay including the Drake Passage one and find it amusing that devotees of the bolide impact sect seem to invariably ignore the basic physics of impact collisions. That if the Earth was clobbered by a large meteorite impact then it will not only behave elastically to the collision but would also move into a new orbit.
Or its mass of inertia is so large that it remains locked in its orbit?
Given that the mainstream paradigm assumes the Earth has been in its present orbit since “the beginning”, any impact seems to have its energy converted totally into heat and partial melting rather than, billiard-ball-like, bouncing into new positions.
The Earth is supposedly hanging in “space” through which it can move freely in response to any impact from another celestial object.
But to assume the Earth is orbitally immoveable suggests too many have had too many cranial impacts from 4×4’s.Make It Easy to Ask Excel Questions
While working with PowerPivot in Excel 2010, I noticed the Ask Questions command on the Ribbon. When you click that command, your web browser opens, and takes you to the PowerPivot Help forums on the Microsoft website.
That’s a nice feature, if you’re struggling with PowerPivot.
Where Do You Ask Excel Questions?
Why doesn’t Excel have an Ask Questions command? We have questions too! (A moment of silence for the old Excel newsgroups.)
The closest thing that I could find is a Contact Us command, which leads to the Microsoft website.
At the bottom of that page is a link that leads to the general Answers form – not to an Excel related forum. It takes a couple more clicks to get to the Excel section.
Ask Excel Questions
Maybe that Ask Questions command will be in the next version of Excel. Until then, here are links to the Excel help forums on the Microsoft site.
- Answers –
- Technet —
- MSDN (Excel Developers) —
- MSDN (VBA) —
There are links to other Excel forums in the article, The Excel Newsgroups Disappeared.
_________________
we sell four flavour milk ( 4 items ) everyday to ten parties & i have open 30 sheets in excel for each day in a workbook.
party 1. std milk gold milk lemon milk cream milk
party 2.
so on .
i want 30 days data in a sheet for a perticular party .how?
say monthly report.
if i place party 1 in fourth row ,the milk issued to party one shoud be change automatically. kindly do the needfull
If you click on one of the links to the Excel Help forums, and ask your question there, someone might be able to help you.
For example, try the Answers forum —
Hi,
I have excel 2010 and my question is that I have many columns but I have to lets say compare date of column B with Column A ,if(data of Column B) is found in Column A then delete entire row of column A…. if not found then column B highlighted with some color
Months Meter Reading
January 176.2333333
February 180.4333333
March 184.6333333
April 188.8333333
May 193.0333333
June 197.2333333
July 201.4333333
August 205.6333333
September 209.8333333
October 214.0333333
November 218.2333333
December 222.4333333
Total Consumption Gallons = Answer Is 50.4
Please tell me how do I calculate these values in Microsoft excel to get the yearly consumption of water.
Dear Sir/ Madam
My current data form in excel is under:
COL A COL B
TKT NO SECTOR
123456789 LHR-NYC
123456789 NYC-DCA
123456789 DCA-LHR
134257896 LHR-PAR
124532216 LHR-PAR
124532216 PAR-LHR
I WISH MY DATA SHOULD APPEAR AS UNDER
COL A COL B
TKT NO SECTOR
123456789 LHR-NYC-DCA
134257896 LHR-PAR
124532216 LHR-PAR-LHR
Your help will be appreciated.
Best Regards
Ijaz
I have 247,540 pieces of product packed with 450, 440, 430, 420, 400, 360, 270, 220, 100, 60, and 50 pieces and their frequency 8, 4, 6, 457, 111, 1, 20, 6 and 1 respectively. I want to distribute to 12 warehouses which are A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K and L and each warehouses have different capacity that 10,738, 5,000, 30,000, 40,000, 32,000, 20,000, 25,000, 30,000 and 15,000 respectively. how can I divided to warehouses without remainder or most minimum leftovers using excel functions?OrthoPress – Orthopedic WordPress Theme (Health & Beauty)
Orth Gallery Pages
- Event Pages
- Popular Posts
- Testimonials
-
Demo More info / DownloadThe dogs pictured here are just a handful of those currently up for adoption at the Women’s Humane Society. Meet many more of our loving, adoptable dogs in need of their forever homes by visiting our shelter. View our adoption hours.
Think you've found your new best friend? Fill out an application & visit us as soon as possible!Sherri Hill 51125
- Brand: Sherri Hill
- Style #: 51125 - Quick Delivery*
- Availability: In Stock
- $378
Sherri Hill Prom Dress
Quick Delivery Items:
- Emerald: 0, 2, 4, 6, 14
- Royal: 00, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14
- Ruby: 00, 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 14
-.Is there such a thing as an ideal yard playgrounds paradise? How do you tackle developing a best play area paradise? As parents, we want the very best for our kids and as an outcome; we have the tendency to wish to offer our kids the best of presents, education and so on. It is also the authority of most parents who want to develop a playground for their kids to wish to develop a best play area paradise.
Previously, the only parents that had the ability to effectively construct an ideal play area paradise for kids were the ones who constructed it themselves.
So, you can see that it is not something that you as a parent would wish to beat yourself over.
So, building a safe and favorable play area for the kids is simply sufficient if you have the resources to be able to do it.
Building the "ideal" playground paradise will involve things such as the area offered and the devices that would be used in building the playground.
For that reason, it is best that before heading out to buy play area devices, you make queries from previous and present owners of playgrounds around your area.
Most of the time, these people have found out a lot on the job and can inform you what to do and what to prevent. This will in turn allow you to make the very best options concerning the important things that are essential for having an efficient and practical play area for the kids.
These people would also can inform you what errors they made so you would have the ability to gain from them all. The most crucial thing truly is that you gain from all these people and use what you discovered. Hence, you develop a playground but without the errors they made when they were building theirs. This is one way of producing an ideal play area for your kids.
You can also try looking for a local yard play areas and yard experiences home builder. They can also help you construct a fantastic yard playground and help you prevent expensive errors.archive-org.com
Web directory, archive
| Submit your site to archive
| Remove my site from archive
| Contacts
| Partners
Find domain in archive system:
archive-org.com
»
ORG
»
P
»
PMFRC.ORG
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Total: 193
Choose link from "Titles, links and description words view":
Or switch to
"Titles and links view".
Index of /cms/vendor/jdorn/sql-formatter/tests
Index of cms vendor jdorn sql formatter tests Parent Directory SqlFormatterTest php clihighlight html compress html format highlight html format html highlight html performance php sql sql
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Index of /cms/vendor/jms/parser-lib/doc
Index of cms vendor jms parser lib doc Parent Directory LICENSE index rst
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Index of /cms/vendor/michelf/php-markdown/Michelf
Index of cms vendor michelf php markdown Michelf Parent Directory Markdown inc php Markdown php MarkdownExtra inc php MarkdownExtra php MarkdownInterface inc php MarkdownInterface php
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
PHP Markdown Lib - Readme send email to Donations If you wish to make a donation that will help me devote more time to PHP Markdown please visit michelf ca donate or send Bitcoin to 1HiuX34czvVPPdhXbUAsAu7pZcesniDCGH Version History PHP Markdown Lib 1 4 1 4 May 2014 The HTML block parser will now treat figure as a block level element as it should and no longer wrap it in p or parse it s content with the as Markdown syntax although with Extra you can use markdown 1 if you wish to use the Markdown syntax inside it The content of style elements will now be left alone its content won t be interpreted as Markdown Corrected an bug where some inline links with spaces in them would not work even when surounded with angle brackets link s p a c e s Fixed an issue where email addresses with quotes in them would not always have the quotes escaped in the link attribute causing broken links and invalid HTML Fixed the case were a link definition following a footnote definition would be swallowed by the footnote unless it was separated by a blank line PHP Markdown Lib 1 4 0 29 Nov 2013 Added support for the tel URL scheme in automatic links tel 1 111 111 1111 It gets converted to this note the tel prefix becomes invisible a href tel 1
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Index of /cms/vendor/monolog/monolog/doc
Index of cms vendor monolog monolog doc Parent Directory extending md sockets md usage md
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Index of /cms/vendor/monolog/monolog/src
Index of cms vendor monolog monolog src Parent Directory Monolog
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Index of /cms/vendor/monolog/monolog/tests
Index of cms vendor monolog monolog tests Parent Directory Monolog bootstrap php
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archive
Original URL path: (2016-02-14)
Open archived version from archiveWith 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
I am energetic of doing multimedia and documentary work. I have experience of doing work in 2D, 3D and administrative work using ms-word, excel, open office etc. with 100% quality and perfectionRead More »Venus Williams ousted in fourth round at French Open
by USA Today All Sports
Sandra Harwitt, Special for USA TODAY Sports
The 10th-seeded Williams, the last American remaining in the men’s or women’s singles draw, was upset by the 30th-seeded Bacsinszky 5-7, 6-2, 6-1 in a 2-hour, 12-minute fourth-round outing on Sunday.
Last year, Bacsinszky turned back Williams in the same round in straight sets.
The 36-year-old Williams rebounded from a 1-5 deficit in the first set, but then ran out of energy to fight back Bacsinszky in the final two sets.
MORE TENNIS:
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza upset at French Open
This was a record-setting 20th time that Williams was playing at the French Open. She reached the final here once, in 2002, when she fell to sister, Serena, in the championship match.
Williams’ departure means that the women’s draw has no former Grand Slam champions remaining. The last four Grand Slam champions —Svetlana Kuznetsova, Garbine Muguruza, Samantha Stosur and Williams — all lost SundParagon Investments' Futures File: NAFTA, USDA & Metals in Turmoil
Friday, January 12, 2018
by Chris Haverkamp of Paragon Investments, Inc.
NAFTA Changes Loom over Markets
Markets were rattled this week after news broke that Canada expected President Trump to pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).National Parks
Workout Details
Equipment Type: Treadmill
Intensity Level: 2
Number of Workouts: 20
No need to visit only one National Park this year. From the world-famous geysers of Yellowstone to massive granite walls of Yosemite, journey over 80 total miles of running routes in twenty of the most beautiful U.S. National Parks. Take in the breathtaking views to help motivate you to push harder.
- Total Distance: 82.5 mi
- Total Elevation Gain: 11,703.4 ftPick up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling.
Half-Life-, sDK, developers, valve Corporation, initial release, october 3, 2002.
Full SDK, the Full SDK contains everything that Standard SDK includes and also sources for certain monster models and all weapon models.
Half-Life, sDK is a collection of applications used lead sheet music for piano pdf for developing maps and modifications for games that use, valve 's, goldSrc engine.
Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa.GoldSrc -based games, such as, half-Life.Sprite SDK The Sprite SDK contains only parts necessary for sprite creation.Its content is unknown.Its content is included in Standard and Full editions.Editions, standard SDK, the Standard SDK contains source code, launcher graphics toolkit and several help files along with all content from Model and Map SDK, Texture SDK and Sprite SDK.And a lot of people, people he cares about, are counting on him.
Texture SDK The Texture SDK contains only parts necessary for texture creation.
Available in, english, development status, released, unsupported, the.
Along with the packaged programs, the SDK also includes model sources and source code convert pdf pages into powerpoint slides for the engine and various entities used within the games.
Written in, c, C, platforms, pC, size 112MB.Source code only A special edition of SDK, containing only source code, exists for version.3, which does not exist in Standard edition.Half-Life storyline maps and one map used as beam demonstration.Half-Life, Deathmatch Classic and, ricochet, which can be edited to introduce new entities, monsters device driver for ibm memory key or left as is and used as a base.Before SDK version.1 it was given only to modders who have signed a non-disclosure agreement with Valve and was known as Professional SDK.Commercial SDK Commercial licensees of GoldSrc, such as Gearbox Software, receive special and extended edition of the SDK.It also contains the source code for.It also contains 3DS Max and.smd source files for models, and sources of two.Half-Life, sDK contains many programs useful for editing.
rugbywrapup.com
Knockout ...
Post to TumblrQuick Facts - Slovakia
Capital: Bratislava
Political system: Parliamentary republic
Year of membership to the Council of Europe: 30 June 1993
Population: 5 404 322 (2012)
Population density: 110.7 inhabitants/km²
Official language(s): Slovak
Non-nationals of total population: 1.3 % (2011)
Population density: 110.7 inhabitants/km²
Official language(s): Slovak
Non-nationals of total population: 1.3 % (2011)
Funding (2006)Culture as share of total central government spending: N/A
Government expenditure on culture: 223 998 617 Euro
Government expenditure on culture per capita: 41.52 Euro
Share of spending on culture by central government: 53.54 %
Employment (2009)Share of cultural workers in total employment: 1.10 %
Share of self-empoyed in cultural employment: 17.76 %
Share of self-empoyed in total employment: 15.67 %
Markets (2012)CUPIX: Cultural goods: 86 %
CUPIX: Public cultural services: 34 %
Annual exp. per capita for recreation and culture: 864 USD (85 % )
ParticipationCinema admissions per capita/year: 0.7 times (2010)
Internet penetration rate: 80.3 % (2012)
Ratification of Key Cultural ConventionsEuropean Cultural Convention (1955): 1/1/1993
European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages (1992): Entered into force 1/1/2002
European Convention for the Protection of the Audiovisual Heritage (2001): Entered into force 1/1/2008
UNESCO Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions (2005): Ratified on 18/12/2006
This entry was posted
on Sunday, May 17th, 2009 at 3:57 pm and is filed under Comics.
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
WebsiteBuchbinder & Warren Realty Group hosted a VIP broker open house Wednesday night featuring a live caricature artist, made to order sushi bar and music spun by DJ Annie Solange.
On Wednesday, June 24, William Abramson, Director of Brokerage at Buchbinder & Warren Realty Services hosted a private VIP broker open house at his ground-floor retail listing, 601 Madison Avenue, which is considered to be one of the most exclusive retail locations in the world.
601 Madison Ave is a flagship retail opportunity that proves an unparalleled branding opportunity to the next tenant. Rarely does an entire building become vacant on this world-class commercial corridor, allowing for such unprecedented branding presence to the world.
Neighbors include: Coach, Cavalli, Prada, Lalique, Fendi, Fratelli Rosetti, Bottega Vaneta and Hermes, just to name a few.
The 30,060sf property features 52 feet of frontage on Madison Ave. and 12’6”ft. height ceilings, along with a retail floorplate of 4,600sf, five additional floors of 4,300sf and a penthouse of 3,400sf, plus an 800sf terrace and 4,900sf lower level, the design options are limitless. Reasonable subdivisions will be considered.
Leasing is being handled by William Abramson of Buchbinder & Warren Realty Group, LLC. As an affiliate of Buchbinder & Warren, a firm established almost 60 years ago, Buchbinder & Warren Realty Group has acquired a thorough knowledge and understanding of New York City’s often complex real estate marketplace.
The evening offered guests a chance to take a private tour of the 6-floor prime Madison Avenue building while sipping on cocktails made to order by 50 Bleu Vodka and dine on hors d’oeuvres from Carlyle off the Green. The event took place on the ground and second floor retail space with music to set the atmosphere by DJ Annie Solange.
During the event guests were given the opportunity to have caricatures drawn on the spot by caricature sketch artistAnthony Kieren.
Baynes & Baker, a new custom suit maker to Manhattan was at the event taking measurements on the spot for brokers looking to buy a new summer suit.
Guests stayed late into the evening and included a mix of executives in the fashion and real estate space including Lori Buchbinder, Principal of Buchbinder & Warren and William Abramson, Director of Brokerage at Buchbinder & Warren.
For more information on the space reach out to Buchbinder & Warren at (212) 243 2200. Or visit their website at
Rio de Flag Community Weed Pull Cleanup
Sunday, September 3rd
8-11:00 AM
Rio de Flag flowing near Foxglenn Park, after heavy summer rains.
The.
In celebration of Colorado River Days, the Friends of the Rio de Flag will host a community Rio cleanup upstream of Foxglenn Park on Sunday, September 3rd from 8-11am. Meet at the southern end of 4th Street (use this map to guide you). Parking available in the dirt lot.
Contact Chelsea Silva at deflagrio@gmail.com or (928) 213-2152 to RSVP.
Location: Rio at Foxglen (meet at dirt parking lot at the southern end of 4th Street; directions available on this Google Map)
Notes: Please dress for weather. Long pants and close-toed shoes recommended. Bring a water bottle. Gloves, trash bags, and trash grabbers will be available for use. Water, coffee, and light breakfast provided.If – Notebook #24, April – Aug. 1885
For awhile now I’ve been trying to write a play about Mark Twain called THE TROUBLE BEGINS. Along the way I became rather obsessed with Mark Twain, his life and the many many books that have been written about him. How many? Well at the moment I have about 275 books about Twain evenly divided between the biographies, letters and journals and schools of literary criticism that have grown up around his body of work over the last 90 years or so. This does not count the 30 or so books that he actually wrote. That occupies a different bookcase. Madness.
Lately I’ve been using this blog as a way of archiving and organizing stray thoughts. What does Twain have to do with FRANKENSTEIN or Harlan Ellison or comics? Nothing really except that they’re my hobbies and obsessions. But by using the “categories” tab while placing these I should be able to create a space that can then be searched by topic. So that’s the plan. This will then appear to be a “random” Twain post, but as the archive builds itself these things will start to “hang together” like wagonloads of hay built while at work in the fields of my own headspace. And this pays about as well as farm work so the metaphor works on a couple of different levels.
A few months back I was reading the sometimes brilliant Hoffman biography INVENTING MARK TWAIN;
when I came across these two lifestyle conundrums…
Apparently Twain “sold” his family pew [it was the front left] in his good friend Reverend Twitchell’s church when he took his family to Europe for an extended visit. He was fleeing financial troubles on a couple of fronts at this time.
Anybody know how that works? I mean does everybody with religious tenure move up one? Is an ad placed in the local papers. Is there infighting? I would imagine this could all get incredibly mean and spiteful which would be funny and tragic given as it would be a dispute over church seating. Anybody?
Also, he arranged a letter of credit for his wife in Olivia’s family name to separate his finances from her ability to have a roof over her head while he traveled back and forth across the Atlantic and throughout Europe. So, ditto on letters of credit in terms of just how exactly would this work.
In all honesty I probably won’t use either of these factoids for my play but I’m still really
curious about what people did before tapping their local ATM machines. It seems it must have been a very interesting and convoluted process with its own etiquette but I can’t imagine what that would be.
And if Twain fascinates you even a little – here are some great Twain links;
At some point I intend to catalog my Twain collection using “Library Thing”
and then people will actually know what I have and will have no excuse like “well, I figured you must already have that Twain book” when my birthday rolls around. What’s that? Yes. I intend to keep having those. Thanks for the vote of confidence.
– Barney
March 28, 2006 at 3:39 pm
Speaking by someone who has had a life long interest and admiration for Samuel (Mark Twain) it is good to see someone here in cyberspace who thinks Mark Twain is/was great. Mark Twain to literature was like Albert Einstein was to science – refreshing and never afraid to look at things in perspective.
Great job. Check out my site sometime. And, I hate to admit it but jealous of the scope of your Twain personal library. 🙂 (PS- You are on my “Blogroll”.Holland America Flower Gardens
WOODLAND, WA
Holland America Flower Gardens began when the Dobbe family came from Holland to begin a life in America in 1980. Coming over with tulip bulbs and 3 children, Benno and Klazina settled in Woodland, WA with it’s. Our Woodland farm grows tulips, peonies, crocosmia and eramerus and stores lily bulbs for commercial sales. We supply American grown flowers to businesses across the U.S. and donate generously to community projects. Benno works with many state and federal advocacy groups for the benefit of American flower farmers. He proudly walks with our many guests during our Woodland events and can be seen driving the tractor during planting season every Fall. Stay in touch to see all that blooms here.
HOLLAND AMERICA FLOWERS – ARROYO GRANDE, CA
Holland America Flowers bloom in the coastal region of central California. Here the Dobbe family grows award-winning lilies, freesia, snapdragons and many more varieties of cut flowers. Bouquets of mixed blossoms are hand-gathered and are sold as “ready-to-go” arrangements. Thousands of stems are gathered daily and shipped all across the United States. Look for the American Grown label on your flower sleeves in ensure the freshest flowers. And don’t forget to pick up your fresh flowers in our gift shop in Wa or from our open air cart in Ca.
“I love this place! I’ve worked with them to provide flowers for large events, and they arrange beautiful seasonal bouquets for an excellent price. My daughter also loves visiting when the fields are in bloom”
“The tulip fields are stunning in spring”
Friendly and helpful staff! Also, your flowers are beautiful!When Motherhood Swallows Your Identity, Do This!!The roof is made from Ijuk Fiber
Brastagi diapit oleh 2 gunung berapi aktif: Gunung Sibayak & Gunung Sinabung
Lake Toba view from Parapat
Taking ferry to Samosir Island
Samosir : The largest island within an island & the fifth largest island in the world
Everyone can fly ~ Flew off to Malaysia Tanah Air TercintaYou can only message people who are following you. If you’d like to message this person, simply join our Recruiter Pro Plan.
Do you really want to delete project The European Chamber of Commerce in the Philippines?
Just part time events waitering, bar tending and catering services.
Marketing, Branding, Advertising, Business Fundamentals, Media, Film Production, Media Theory, Print and Digital DesignThe Civil Guard has broken up an organisation that was dedicated to making claims for food poisoning in the hospitality sector, where they preyed on holidaymakers who were staying in local hotels.
After months of investigation the officers raided six homes and two commercial properties in the Balearic towns of Calviá and Palma following which they made seven arrests, all of which were UK Nationals, on suspicion of leading a ring specializing in fraudulent food poisoning claims.
The network controlled a team of “negotiators” who were sent out to local hotels in search of tourists, offering to help them process the claim and explaining what documents they needed to produce.
Although the group is said to have mainly operated on the island of Mallorca, where the hotel industry estimates that it has been scammed out of some €50 million, their activities also extended to other popular destinations, where the sector was cheated of a further €10 million.
The operation began at the end of May, when the Civil Guard received several complaints from managers and directors of hotels in the tourist area of Alcudia in which they claimed that British tourists were fraudulently claiming compensation for alleged poisoning during their holidays from hotels where they were staying on an all-inclusive basis.
These tourists were encouraged to make the false claims by a group of people who convinced them it was ‘easy money’, and who offered to process the claims once the holidaymakers had returned to their country or origin, usually the United Kingdom.
This practice is said to have been in place for a number of years with 160 food poisoning claims filed by British travellers to Mallorca in 2015, for a combined compensation of £3 million (€3.3m). The following year, there were nearly 400 similar claims worth a total £8 million (€8.7m). In 2018 a spokesman said the claims have spiralled out of control with the scam now worth approximately £60 million.
Following complaints from hoteliers the Civil Guard began to monitor a number of regular claimants resulting in the arrest of the 7 Britons.
ON searching the premises the Guardia seized corroborating documentation, together with financial details of the operation, as well as a number of computers that were removed for analysis.Army Public School Ahmednagar is an English Medium Co-Educational Institution founded in 1982 under the aegis of Army Welfare Education Society (AWES). The medium of instruction is English and great importance is laid on fluency in spoken English with correct pronunciation and diction. Hindi is taught as a National language with equal importance.
APSTC-134 PB1 other school papers
TC Form Download
APSTC-133 Sample Paper Datesheet
TC Download
The aim of this school is to impart quality education to all the students of this school without any discrimination. The school prepares the students for All India Secondary School Examination of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). All schools under AWES have a common syllabus enabling the children of personnel who are transferred to be admitted in mid-session to other Army Schools.* copy received for review consideration
I was brought up in the church and attended regularly up until about eight or nine years ago. I’ve always had a strong belief in God and prayer has always been a part of my life.
But there are times when you feel like you’re not as connected to God and something is missing in your soul. Much like the author of this book I am reviewing, the busyness of our lives tend to get in the way of our quiet time and the true connection.
This devotional called Whispers of Rest by Bonnie Gray is a one on one daily experience that offers 40 days of God’s love to revitalize your soul. Here are my thoughts.
Whispers of Rest by Bonnie Gray
Publisher: FaithWords (May 23, 2017)
ISBN-13: 978-1455598205
A beautiful 40-day devotional detox for your soul and spiritual journey to refresh and guide you to greater peace.
Life is noisy. But what would happen if every day – for the next 40 days – you soaked in God’s love as He intimately whispered words of rest just for you?
WHISPERS.
Review of Whispers of Rest by Bonnie Gray
Everyone has different needs and desires in their relationship with God. I feel like mine is off again on again and I truly need to take the time on a daily basis to spend one on one with the Lord.
The layout of this book is a perfect opportunity to do that. The author has structured each day so that you can truly focus on developing a personal relationship between yourself and God
I love the fact that she focuses on one particular word for the day. Stories and gospel, prayers and Gods whispers to you, you can tune in to exactly what is in your heart.
Opportunities to journal and develop experience daily life are also included to help build and restore your faith and closeness with God.
While this book is perfect for one on one use, you can also use it in prayer meetings or bible studies with others. With 40 days of focus on particular words that will bring the closeness and clarity you crave, it is a beautiful book that allows you to truly find your peace.
Whispers of Rest is a passionate work that comes from the authors soul. It will touch you and change you as you work through each day or week. Find your quiet time and use this book to help rebuild your close relationship with God and find the peace you desire.
I miss a church family. This book has shown me that I need to find that again to continue my development and relationship with God on a daily basis..Who's up for some true-crime?
I know my typical project includes both original cover art and design, but this time, the author had taken a couple photos and had a clear plan for me to follow. All I had to do was put the elements together and ready it for print.
At first, I was a bit unsure about a cover with a greyscale palette but I really think the yellow pops against the grays and works for the genre.
Into The Abyss is the story of Mark's roller coaster life of being a trusted, respected person and member of society to becoming a convicted felon forever changing his status in the same society he must exist in.
During criminal proceedings and after his conviction, Mark never had the opportunity to tell his side of the story.
The victim and his wife, who actually pulled the trigger, told their stories through several media outlets and even on a national daytime television program.
Finally, Mark shares his side without omission or interruption. The journey continues through his incarceration within the confines of The State of Ohio Department of Corrections with many true twist and turns.
~
AUTHOR BIO:
Mark was employed as a Law Enforcement Officer in a busy metropolitan city in Ohio with twelve years of experience. Mark then assumed responsibility in the corporate world as an Investigator conducting criminal and non-criminal investigations spanning both east and west coasts of the United States. After five years, Mark became a victim of corporate downsizing and it was near this point when his downward spiral Into The Abyss began.
These days, Mark and his wife enjoy spending time on the Gulf of Mexico while exploring wildlife..MIKE ELKINS passed for two touchdowns, and Chip Rives ran for two more Saturday night as Wake Forest (4-3, 1-1) held on to defeat host Maryland, for only the second time in 15 games, in an Atlantic Coast Conference game. The Terps (3-3, 0-2) rallied from a 27-0 halftime deficit on three touchdown passes by Dan Henning, but the late bid for victory ended when A.J. Greene intercepted a pass by Henning in the end zone with 58 seconds left.Honest writing is funny author of the essay collection more casanova’s history of my life is one of the most amazing things i’ve ever read. This i believe beginning in 1951, radio pioneer edward r murrow asked americans from all walks of life to write essays about their most fundamental and closely held. Would you like to know the best essays ever written in english 40 best essays of all time (with this old essay is a must-read for the modern humans. A few essays that worked some admissions essays must be and for jello — i think that could have been a very funny essay with some good.
It is one of the creepiest and most unsettling stories i’ve ever read just that good this story is very dark, and yet funny you must read it. The most memorable college admissions essays reddit has ever seen will blow what's the weirdest/worst/most memorable essay you've read i must know. Where can i read the best essays and articles online what are some must-read essay collections what is the best written article you have ever read. 100 must-read essay collections not of essay collections i think everybody “must read,” even if that’s what the best american essays of the century. A college-entrance consultant with 19 years' experience describes the best essay she's ever read.
[archive] this is the funniest onion article i've ever read mundane pointless stuff i must share (mpsims. These ten books are, imho, the funniest and wittiest that have ever been written. 100% free papers on the funniest story i ever heard essays and my child must seek a heavenly father the scarlet letter is still read by scholars and laymen.
Ask the dean read answers to questions about the college admissions process the best college essay ever yeah i've read it too its funny :) 0. Best college essay ever i read the essays of the high school students i work with and i think i have a few that could top this one for the best essay. But books can be funny, too just this collection of essays is split making this the funniest book you’ll probably ever read about. Proper and creative use of hooks will make your essay be perceived as interesting by readers even before they read the main body an essay funny essays or. This may be the worst college paper ever written—but a whistleblower says the essay has been transcribed você gostaria de ir para e online.
This is the funniest break up ever must read 40k likes haha. Complex magazine's selection of 50 must-read books best books ever 100 major works of modern creative nonfiction essays, memoirs, autobiographies. Sorry if this is a , but some college guy (or so the story goes) handed in this essay about oedipus while high and it is truly the funniest. Is this the best college essay ever but this essay is so excessive that it just doesn't seem very funny i read the essays of the high school. The 20 funniest books ever written and a lot of people find it impossible to read of autobiographical and political essays refuses to pull any.You cannot place a new order from your country. Undefined
International Shipping Secure Payment
No products
nh9000tel originale necchi identico a quello di serie.
Ottimo prodotto
NO registration required!
If the question you have has not yet been answered here, use the form below to ask something about this addon.Time to Talk Day 2018 Downloads
Get involved in Time to Talk Day 2018 easily by downloading whatever you need to get the conversation started.
Printable Downloads
Just click on any of the images below to open up the download link.
Posters
Stick these posters up around your office, university or school and show people that a conversation about mental health can happen anywhere.
Bunting
Brighten up your office, university, school or community event with this Time to Talk Day bunting in two different colours
Canteen Stand, Coaster and Water Cooler Wrap
Start conversations on Time to Talk Day in workplaces, universities, schools, hospitals, or any where you want people talking
Do Disturb Sign and Conversation Starter
Find a great place to start conversations then use this handy origami conversation starter to share tips on how to start a chat about mental health.Killzone 3
Title Data
- Genre:
- Action > Shooter > First-Person > Arcade
- Developer:
- Guerrilla
- ESRB Descriptor(s):
- Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Strong Language
- Special Controllers:
- Move Compatible
- Wikipedia (EN):
-
Release Data
Add-Ons and Expansions
Included in Compilation
Contributions
Data and credits for this game contributed by Weapon, ZeroMarkenz, Rafael_Smee, BGoldTLE, Doumah, odino, oliist, Mookiethebold, michaelcomputer, _Hydan_, Yod4z, and Sucker_Punched.
Know Something We Don't?
You can submit or update game data or submit game credits to help us keep our data up-to-date.I crave clarity, I lust to wake up
On the floor of that bathroom, my mind shut off. I didn’t experience anything. I’ve been told tales of what I did, but I didn’t experience them, I wasn’t there.
Where my eyes are, glassy marbles now lie
My tongue a styrofoam wedge between gritted teeth
My lungs are honey combs, doused with concrete, concave sculptures now
I see through frosted glass, the world around me is not real, I can slow time, my mind grows sticky- won’t let me move, my mind freezes at speech
Call my name, no answer will be had- an automatic response, no one is there
Mind like intricate lenses, out of focus
I am an oracle of all things meant to be
One which is blind, numb to the world
Where my fingerprints lie, dust clogs up the etch of my existence
Writings melt into wax, a pool to restrain my thoughts
Restrained, like that night on the stained carpets
Dance in psychotic wisps, arms wedged, to the screams of drunk girls
Encased in frosted glassEaster is Flea Market Season in France
Transforming a beautiful old French holiday home sometimes requires a lot of patience and some persistent bargain hunting. Luckily there is no shortage of markets and garage sales around France that you can plunder to kit out your new des res.
Our magical transformation is in that lovely stage where the yeast is working, the bread has been crafted using carefully considered ingredients, and we can only imagine the smell and taste after it bakes in a 400 degree oven for 30 minutes.
Sourcing French Furniture
Now, picture yourself arriving at our lovely le Muguet property near Uzes, roughly 10 days ago, with instructions to Arcardio, le chat, to stay out of gutter pipes and to behave property whilst in Vers Pont du Gard! Faced with about two weeks to craft the needed structural work and locate the essential furniture pieces, what happens first?
I offered Dan and Francesco a pretty good list of local resources to call upon near Uzes – my painter friend Christian and his wife Cathy, nearby Sophie who lives around the corner from our house, the name of a reliable cleaning woman, and a referral to Elizabeth Lallemand, the proprietor of local BnB Maison de la Bourgade and a person with an exquisite eye for decor.
Deep breath… first we dealt with a fridge on the blink and a vacuum with a broken part. Then Francesco (a native French speaker) located a local plumber and carpenter to carry forth.
Flea Market Season
Meanwhile the word on the street was that Easter season was THE flea market season of the year! Dan had come prepared with a list of all Vide Greniers (day long garage sales with folks emptying their attics) and Brocantes (similar to an antique store but with lesser value items) and Marche Aux Puces (French flea markets) located within 100 km of our Vers house.
These attract some serious bargain hunters. Here’s a little about these markets, taken from the January issue of French Property News:
You can see some of the treasures we found for le Muguet property in our other posts on French flea markets and French home decor.
Where are your favourite places to shop for antiques in France?
1 thought on “Easter is Flea Market Season in France”Supplies Needed to Make a Towel Dinosaur
1. One bath towel
2. Two hand towels
3. Eyes and any other desired embellishments
How to Fold a Towel Dinosaur
Start with the bath towel, and make the standard towel animal body, same as the dog, pig, or most of the other towel animals. Roll both ends to the middle from the short sides.
Fold in half with rolls to the outside and pull the tips out of each roll.
Hold the tips of the two rolls from the same end of the towel in one hand and the tips of the two rolls from the other end of the towel in the other hand. Pull all four at the same time until the rolls pull out into the four legs of an animal body.
Take the two hand towels, and one at a time and hang the center on a peg or hold it under your chin.
Tightly roll both sides at the same time so that the rolls come to a point at the end on the hook or under your chin, just like rolling the towels for the cat’s head.
Turn the dinosaur body over so the rolled parts in the middle are on the top. Insert the two hand towels into the middle of the body between the rolls with one pointing out on each side.
fold the leg rolls over the head and tail towels while flipping dinosaur over and into a seated position
Turn over and set body into a seated position.
Raise the neck and shape and position head and tail. Use front legs to support neck. Decorate as desired.
Raise neck and shape head as desired. You may need to make some adjustments in the position of the head and neck towel and the front legs to get it to stand up.
Decorate as desired. I used googly eyes and a pipe cleaner to decorate mine. Bits of felt, cloth, or paper work fine for eyes too.
Then next animal in this cruise ship towel animal folding series is the towel bear.
For more towel animals, please visit My Cruise Stories Towel Animal Page.
I just love these. So very clever. One day I’ll get around to trying them all out and impress my friends like mad.
If I can get myself organized and ready in time for Christmas, I’d love to have these sitting on the beds of the overnight guests. That would be fun! Thanks for the instructions. 🙂
It’s so cute!For my card I have gone with a Monochrome look with my fave colour Lilac/Purple. The image that I have used is one of the new(ish) stamps from LOTV called "Lilacs". I have coloured it with my ProMarkers and added lots of my fave Stickles. My papers are all bits from my scrap box.To embellish my card I have added organza ribbon and lots of bling from my stash.
I would like to enter my card in the following challenges:
Sketch and Stash - Sketch (The stash I have used is my new Lilacs stamp and old papers)
Crafty Sentiments Designs Challenge - Monochromatic
Card Makin' Mamas - Time For Ribbon
Penny Black and More - Blossoms and Bows
Inky Chicks Challenge - Happy Birthday Girl
Mema's Crafts Challenge - Anything Goes
Natalie and Amys Challenge - Monochromatic
Party Time Tuesday - Tic-Tac-Toe (Ribbon, Rhinestones, Glitter)
Totally Papercrafts - Monochromatic
Simon Says Stamp Challenge - Anything Goes
13 comments:
Popped over from Sketch n Stash Blog,
Love your beautiful card, those flowers are beautifully coloured, the whole combination is stunning
Good Luck
Patricia x
Pretty paper and image
Hugs Kelly
Beautiful card - super elegant image and pretty DP's
Thanks for playing along at TPC this week.
Good luck.
Debs xx
Beautiful card..purple is my favorite color :) thanks for joining us at Crafty Sentiments this week!
This is such a pretty card and lovely colours Fiona.
Thanks so much for sharing with us at Penny Black and More challenge this month.
B x
so stunning fiona.beautiful colours and i love the pretty image :D
xx coops xx
Gorgeous card Fiona, I like the image and the colours,thanks for joining in with us at Sketch N Stash, Good Luck.
Kevin xx
This is gorgeous! Love the soft lilac colors! That ribbon is stunning! I really love this layout too! You rocked the monochromatic challenge this week! Thank you so much for playing along at Crafty Sentiments Designs this week! We hope to see you play again with us soon!
OH how very very pretty!!
I love how feminine this is... it's the type of card you can envisage on a mantlepiece in a lovely cottage.. smiles.
Thank you for joining us for our Monochromatic Challenge at Crafty Sentiments Designs & good luck!
Hugs,
Karen. DT.xx
What a beautiful card and perfect for spring! Thank you for playing with us at PTT!
This is lovely...Thank you for sharing with us at Crafty Sentiments, and good luck.
Caz xx (CS DT)
Gorgeous creation, thanks for joining Penny Black & More @ Allsorts challenge, good luck.
Happy crafting
Tracy x
Beautiful card! Love that pretty image!!
Thank you very much for joining us this week at the Simon Says Stamp Challenge Blog!
Hugs...
MelissaThis publication is an annual publication as continuation of the previous publication regarding large and medium manufacturing industry. The data presented in this publication refer to the active large and medium manufacturing industries in 2013. The type of data published are the number of establishments, the number of persons engaged, labor cost, electricity, energy, intermediate inputs, output value, value added, and value of transactions in fixed capital.
View original fromQatar sees huge hike in abandoned cars
From ArabianBusiness.com Sunday, 15 February 2009
Doha has seen a 791 percent increase in the number of cars being abandoned on its streets and outskirts, it was reported on Sunday. The city’s municipality has revealed that in January this year 1,448 vehicles were deemed to be left unclaimed. This is a huge hike on the 183 found abandoned in January 2008, according to local Arabic daily Arrayah and reported in Qatar daily Gulf Times. A designated yard for abandoned vehicles was full to capacity, director of.
The more Dubai tries to fluff the facts, the less people will beleive anything they are told.Yesterday was a very sad day. Ma's older sister who has been on the dementia path for some years died in her sleep. It wasn't unexpected but it is deeply saddening all the same.
Seeing Ma today made me almost unbearably upset. Looking at her you can see that she is following in her sister's footsteps at an almost supersonic speed. She is incredibly thin due to not eating anything much really and no longer holds any sort of conversation which you can follow or understand. She does respond to you when you talk to her (in fact she's very verbal - some things never change!) but she may as well be speaking Icelandic for all the sense she makes. It's not even random words put together, more new words which don't mean anything. I'm not entirely sure that she recognises me all the time, I think she knows that I'm connected to her in some way but hasn't really got a clue who I am, but occasionally she will say my name so not all lost just yet. She has definitely deteriorated in the last 7 days though. Her preferred state is lying down, she clearly doesn't like sitting up and getting her to stand is an almost impossible task.
This new home is ok. Frankly none of them are fabulous but the staff seem caring enough and they do have Jessie, the home's own cat, who loves to be talked to and stroked. Her main carer told me today that they are having trouble getting anything into her (Ma that is, not the cat who is most rotund) and that doesn't surprise me in the least.
She was clearly in pain now and then and the carer (I think she's called Marta, must check that. Very rude of me) said that she's had a bit of an upset tummy. So that needs keeping an eye on.
I'm off to the Trafford Centre with J in the morning to sort out a sartorial problem - the intention is to do a ninja raid when it opens and be away before it gets busy. We will call in to see Ma on the way back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Blippage continues. It is not beyond the bounds to say that it is saving my sanity, giving me something else to focus on (oh dear, sorry). This is today's and this is yesterday's I hope you like them :)Are you searching for ways to save on your Descanso auto insurance? Enter your Zip Code above to compare the best deals for Descanso, CA car insurance coverage.
However, the coverage can be rather expensive and it is the reason why you need to find cheap Descans Descans online tips to ensure that you get the best deal possible.
There are several ways that you can get these quotes. You can choose to visit each Descans Descans Descanso, CA. Use the tips to get the best coverage possible at reasonable cost.
More Cities in California:
Learn More Tips for Finding Cheap Car Insurance in Descanso, CA
In the globe of vehicle insurance coverage procedures, there are plenty of methods obtainable to aid you with deciding on a excellent prepare. There are several web sites, e-guides, guides, videos and other methods offered. This set of guidelines consists of some of the ideal suggestions for helping you find a great coverage for your vehicle.
When contemplating insurance coverage for a youthful driver, be certain to estimate the anticipated mileage for each calendar year. Several insurance vendors will offer a price cut for minimal mileage customers. Most most likely, a substantial college age driver will qualify, even if they travel to university and perform. Be positive to examine with numerous agencies to assess rates.
To sustain a lower price for automobile insurance, usually consider to have a very good driving record. Traffic violations and mishaps can tremendously improve your quality. Insurance companies get these things extremely severely and it is often very best to try out to stay away from accidents, when you are at fault, and traffic tickets, these kinds of as speeding.
Just take a course on safe driving. 1st, you will want to check and see if your car insurance policy provider offers any reductions for risk-free driving classes. A lot of do. Getting taken one particular may possibly qualify you for a price reduction. The courses them selves are not quite pricey and generally do not just take much more than a week or two to complete.
Be mindful - there are particular elements of auto insurance coverage - which every single condition requires automobile homeowners to have. It is critical to know this because you do not want to get in problems for not having these elements. If you are unsure of what these requirements are, you could want to contact your vehicle insurance agent.
Search for an insurance policy that delivers an incident forgiveness choice. If you get into an accident, your premium will not go up. Incident forgiveness operates in specified situations: make certain you qualify for it just before requesting it. Usually, you can get accident forgiveness if you have a excellent driving report.
When incorporating a member of the household to your insurance policies plan, check out and see if it may possibly be less expensive for them to get covered independently. The basic rule of thumb is that it is considerably less costly to include on to your plan, but if you have a substantial top quality previously they might be in a position to locate less costly protection on their own.
If your annual top quality corresponds to ten percent of your car's blue guide value, you ought to drop your collision protection. Protection is constrained to a car's blue ebook value: if your car is way too aged, you are spending a good deal of cash for an insurance policies that will not shell out you significantly when you file a assert.
Now you can revel in your new-found information regarding your present automobile insurance coverage choices. There is no reason to come to feel at all intimidated. You conquered the initial obstacle, which is normally educating oneself. Preserve all of these suggestions in brain, and you will have an easy route to vehicle insurance policy understanding.Governing Disasters
The Challenges of Emergency Risk Regulation
Edited by Alberto Alemanno
Chapter 14: The Volcanic Ash Crisis and EU Air Passenger Rights
Nick Bernard
Extract
Nick Bernard 14.1 INTRODUCTION The volcanic ash crisis gave Regulation 261/20041 on air passenger rights in case of denied boarding, long delays or cancellation of ﬂights, if not its baptism of ﬁre – the Regulation has had a good ﬁve years to bed down since it came into force – nonetheless a serious challenge to its ability to cope with unusual events giving rise to prolonged air travel disruptions. Indeed, some voices in the industry have questioned, sometimes in strong or colourful language, whether the Regulation was meant to apply to such situations as the volcanic ash crisis at all.2 While most airlines have accepted, under the pressure from the EU Commission and national regulators, that passengers may be entitled to the ‘right to care’ under article 9 of the Regulation, it is clear that some have done so under protest and remain unconvinced that the Regulation should apply to events of similar magnitude.3 While, as will be discussed below, the case for the non-applicability of the Regulation to the ash crisis situation is unconvincing, it remains true that the mechanisms established by the Regulation do give rise to difﬁculties in such a situation, not just from the airlines’ perspective but also from that of passengers. Whether or not the Regulation was meant to apply to the situation, it still does not entirely solve the question of who should eventually bear the cost of caring for passengers. At best, determining whether the Regulation applies enables us to decide whether passengers.Hi there, this is a bit long winded but here it goes.... Two days ago I downloads a few albums and songs onto my iPad...I have them, they are paid for etc Now, I bought myself an iPhone 4S today and the first thing I went to do was to get my iPad music onto my iPhone via iCloud. Except, that didn't really happen. I managed to get all the songs that I bought from iTunes prior to the ones a few days ago. Now whether I go onto iTunes on my pc, iPad or iPhone it says that I have only purchased 119 somgs. These 119 I have been able to get onto my iPhone but the 100 or so others that I just bought I can't. Any thoughts, the apple help desk people were a help but couldn't figure it out. ThanksAn executive coaching consultancy
with one focus: guiding
professionals through highly
intentional and uncompromising
career transitions.
We believe you don’t need to choose between intrinsic fulfillment and extrinsic success. By combining your unique offering with our extensive knowledge of the organizational landscape, we help you shape opportunities aligned with your highest vision of success.
Kim Kardashian West is a known huge Cher fan, so it’s no surprise that the reality star stepped out for Casamigos’ annual Halloween bash dressed as the 71-year-old music icon.
“Because I love her and we’re going to a ’70s party. You know I love her,” she said on Periscope.
With friend Jonathan Cheban on her arm as former husband Sonny Bono, the mom of two rocked a custom-made outfit that replicated the legendary singer’s exact look from the 1973 Academy Awards.
Showing off a taught tummy in the yellow embellished semi-sheer two-piece ensemble, the 37-year-old — who celebrated her birthday last week — completed her costume with a long black wig, acrylic nails and open-toed booties.
“Cher definitely has a better body,” Kardashian West said. “Her stomach… I don’t think anyone could compare.”
For more from Casamigos’ annual Halloween bash, check out the gallery.
Want more?
Kim Kardashian Celebrated Her 37th Birthday in a White-Hot Minidress & Gold Sandals
Kim Kardashian Gives Fans a Look at Sister Khloé’s ‘Cheesy’ Shoes
Kourtney Kardashian Steps Out in Adidas Yeezy Wave Runners
Changes to laws about children on PWCs
Persons aged under 16 are no longer able to obtain a personal watercraft (PWC), also known as a jet ski, endorsement on their restricted marine licence in Victoria.
Peter Corcoran, Director of Maritime Safety at Transport Safety Victoria (TSV), explained that the provisions relating to PWC endorsements in the Marine Safety Act 2010 (Vic) have been amended by the Ports and Marine Legislation Amendment Act 2017 (Vic).
“PWCs weigh more than 300 kg, quickly reach speeds of 100 kph and require strength and skill to control. They have the potential to injure or kill, particularly when operated by young and inexperienced people.
“To improve safety, the Victorian Government has amended laws so that no new PWC endorsements will be issued to people under 16. The change will not impact on people who already hold an endorsement,” Mr Corcoran said.
“Several PWC incidents in recent years have led to serious injuries to the operators or others and we want to reduce those numbers.
“Persons under 16 are not responsible for all incidents involving PWCs but they’re often the ones lacking the strength or maturity of judgement to handle these high-speed vessels safely,” Mr Corcoran said.
Under 16s and other unlicensed people can learn to ride a PWC under supervision, that is, with a person on board able to take immediate control who is over 18 with a PWC endorsed marine licence.
Maritime Safety Victoria (MSV) and Victoria Water Police officers will be on the water this summer, focussing on unsafe PWC riding.
Reckless operators who ignore the rules put themselves and others at risk. Those doing the wrong thing are likely to receive a fine and could have their vessel embargoed.
Read more about PWC safety at transportsafety.vic.gov.au/msv/pwc.- 21 comments
Here at Ellsworth Adhesives Europe we have an extensive portfolio of encapsulants from a range of industry leading brands.
This month we share our expertise on this electronic material, providing unbiased advice on the different encapsulant options available and helping you to decipher which one is right for you.
- 23 comments.
- 3 comments
Two Component Adhesive Packaging:
Many factors determine the size and format of the optimal adhesive, sealant or coating package. This month we share our expertise in this area, with insight into the latest developments in this type of technology.
Read the full blog post by clicking the 'more' link below.
- 10 comments
Hello and thank you for stopping by to check out our new blog!
This new Ellsworth Adhesives blog will serve as a platform to showcase our expertise in the adhesive field and has been created very much with you, the reader in mind.
Managing Director John Henderson comments “At Ellsworth Adhesives we are proud of our expertise in adhesive materials. Our technical team has excellent product knowledge and we wanted to share this intelligence with a wider audience. The creation of the new Ellsworth Adhesives blog provides the perfect platform to achieve this objective and we hope that readers will enjoy our monthly posts.”
As a distributor of adhesive materials and adhesive dispensing equipment, we represents all of the adhesive industry’s top brands including Dymax, Henkel Loctite, Dow Corning, Lord and Metcal. Each of the brands has a different focus area – for example Dymax specialise in UV Curing materials and equipment, while Dow Corning is known for its silicone solutions. With such a wide ranging product portfolio, our technical team therefore has a broad spectrum of technical knowledge to share.
Topics to be covered on the blog in forthcoming months include Adhesives for the electronics industry, Metering, mixing & dispensing Adhesives, A guide to selecting the correct encapsulant and finally a look at Developments in two component adhesives. In line with the reader focus!Kii optical access system features true bladeless Separator technology. By separating tissue layers along natural fiber lines, Kii optical access system leaves a smaller fascial defect and allows tissue layers to reapproximate upon trocar withdrawal.
Provides superior visualization during entry and establishment of pneumoperitoneum
Offers true non-bladed access and separates, rather than cuts, tissue along natural fiber lines
Allows simple seal detachment for versatility during specimen removal and rapid desufflation capability
Features deep funneled entry for smooth instrument exchanges
Ensures unmatched abdominal wall retention when coupled with Kii Advanced Fixation sleeve
Brochure | Kii Access Systems Family OverviewVIEW REORDER INFORMATIONWestern Digital Corp (NASDAQ:WDC) took a hit Monday. WDC stock had just recovered from a high-profile legal battle. Now, Morgan Stanley released a report that the “super-cycle” in chip prices might be winding down. Not all agree that the cycle has yet ended. However, with the profit margins on NAND memory now in question, investors are likely better off avoiding WDC stock.
NAND Memory Affects All WDC Divisions
WDC serves as a developer, manufacturer, and provider of data-storage devices and solutions. The company consists of three divisions: Datacenter Devices and Solutions, Client Devices, and Client Solutions.
The Datacenter division focuses on enterprise storage solutions. Client Devices emphasizes desktop, mobile and gaming applications. Client Solutions consists of external and removable products. All three divisions rely on the NAND memory chips that had been heavily in demand until recently.
Moreover, profitability prospects still looked promising with the most recent Q1 2018 earnings report in late October. Both revenue and earnings came in ahead of expectations.
The company reported $40 million more in revenue than was expected at over $5.18 billion. Earnings for the quarter stood at $3.56 per share. This figure was 26 cents per share higher than expectations. It represented a 43% increase over 1Q 2017 earnings.
At the time of the report, analysts had been guiding for a 2018 consensus earnings average of over $12 per share in 2018. At the current stock price, that places the forward PE ratio at just over 7. The company had expected NAND memory pricing to remain strong for the next year.
The report from Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) stopped WDC stock in its tracks. The firm cut its rating on WDC stock from “Overweight” to “Equal Weight.” It also cut the price target for the WDC stock price from $117 to $90 per share.
Other chip stocks have been affected as well. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) experienced its largest drop in over a year. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), as well as European chipmakers, also fell on the news.
WDC Stock Was Just Emerging From a Lawsuit With Toshiba
WDC stock had just recovered from a controversy over the state of its joint venture with Toshiba Corp (USA) (OTCMKTS:TOSYY). Western Digital and Toshiba became partners when WDC purchased Sandisk Corporation last year. The partnership has been turbulent as WDC has protested Toshiba’s sale of its chip unit to Bain Capital, LP for $18 billion.
Western Digital contends the joint venture gives it the right to approve this transaction. The Bain consortium, made up of Bain, Toshiba, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX) and SK Hynix Inc, has pushed back.
The consortium contends WDC’s claims are misleading. It’s also implicitly threatened Western Digital’s rights to flash memory access.
Toshiba will face a liquidity crisis if a sale does not go through by next spring. Most analysts believe Toshiba will eventually agree to Western Digital’s conditions. When investors saw a path to victory, WDC stock recovered.
Hence, while the Toshiba lawsuit wasn’t a long-term detriment to the WDC stock price, the sudden increase in NAND memory supplies could be a different story. When a supply glut hits the chip market, chip stocks have fallen dramatically in the past. WDC stock fell from $115 to $35 per share in less than 18 months the last time a memory price collapse occurred.
Bottom Line on WDC Stock
While not all analysts agree the NAND memory shortage has ended, given the history, prospective buyers should approach WDC stock cautiously. The appreciation of WDC stock paused and even went down briefly during its lawsuit with Toshiba. Just when it was entering recovery mode, Morgan Stanley predicts the end of the NAND memory shortage.
While not all agree, Western Digital should be approached cautiously. NAND memory makes up a critical component of WDC’s profit margin. If NAND prices start to crash, WDC stock will crash along with it. Unfortunately for WDC bulls, the stock appears to be a better short bet at this juncture.
As of this writing, Will Healy is long MU stock.I need to create an email that contains ONLY TEXT ... no formatting, no CSS, no JavaScript, etc ... nothing but pure TEXT.
For the life of me, I can't figure out how to create an email in Service Center that has NOTHING in it except what is in a few variables that I pass into the email.
What am I missing here?
Hi Bruce,
E-mails are treated as web screens, so are in essence HTML formatted. Also, they inherit their CSS from the eSpace's CSS, which can be inherited from the Theme. If you want full control over the layout of the e-mail, check the RichMail extension.
João Neves wrote:
Joao, thanks anyway but I was already aware of the Email documentation. I've been using the Email
widget for months - BUT - all of them have been fully formatted HTML-based. Now, I need pure text.
The Email doc is not clear on how to do that.
Kilian Hekhuis wrote:
Kilian, I could not find RichMail in the FORGE ... where can I find it?
Also, are you saying that if perhaps I create a new eSpace and do not define any HTML CSS defaults,
then I can create pure-text based emails in the new eSpace?
RichMail is a system component, you already have it installed. I haven't tested what happens when you, e.g. define an e-mailscreen with only a single expression that you fill with text. But I somehow assume there's still HTML in it, as it's wrapped in a form etc. For pure text I think RichMail is the only way.
Thanks Kilian, I found RichMail (had to add the dependency).
We use smtp.office365.com:587 and it works for normal Emails as I have it configured in the Admin-Email portal.
My action has this flow: RichMailAuthenticate -> RichMailCreate -> RichMailSend and it throws an exception on RichMailSend as follows:
"504 5.7.4 Unrecognized authentication type AUTH PLAIN" (with KIND = PLAIN)
"504 5.7.4 Unrecognized authentication type AUTH LOGIN" (with KIND = LOGIN)
"Unsupported Authentication Type specified" (with KIND = BASIC)
Any clue why it won't authenticate with?
Might it work with Google G-Suite (e.g. Google for Business)?
I'm not sure. You may be able to check here what kind of authentication is needed, or Google some more.
Thanks Kilian, hitting a pretty big roadblock. It appears that while it is VERY common for SMTP servers to require TLS/StartTLS, unfortunately it looks like the RichMailAuthenticate does NOT support TLS.
So, I am really stuck here. RichMail looks PERFECT for sure for actually 90% of my email needs.
BUT, if I can't authenticate via TLS then I am stuck.
Too bad! We don't use TLS, since we relay via a local server that handles the authentication etc.
I wish RichEmail went through the Email service that I have setup in the Service Center because it works.
I think I I'm going to go back and try to create a blank eSpace with an email that has no formatting and see if that works.
Bruce Buttles wrote:
Not sure if you are still interested, but with Google's G Suite it is possible. You will have to set up a mail relay though. See for more info on how to do that.
Using mail relay, you can setup SMTP without the need to logon to the SMTP server. I imagine Office 365 having the same kind of functionality., Educational Expenses and Credits,
No. 517-3rd, addresses the income tax treatment of expenses for
postsecondary education. In general, the tax benefits discussed in this
Portfolio apply when a taxpayer pays educational expenses for the
taxpayer or the taxpayer's spouse or claimed dependents. Educational
expenses may be deductible as business expenses or under a special
deduction for tuition and fees. Alternatively, two education credits
allow taxpayers to claim a credit for qualifying payments of tuition and
related expenses. In addition to the deductions for payments of tuition
and related expenses, another education-related deduction applies to
interest on student loans. For each deduction and credit, there are
numerous requirements for eligibility. Moreover, except for the business
expense deduction, the deductions and credits for educational expenses
are limited in amount and do not apply to taxpayers with higher adjusted
gross incomes.
The first part of this Portfolio contains an introduction
that shows how the deductions and credits discussed in this Portfolio
relate to other education tax and non-tax benefits. In general, the
education tax benefits are mutually exclusive. Thus, a taxpayer can use
the deduction, credit, or exclusion that produces the maximum tax
savings.
Educational expenses may be deductible as business expenses or qualified tuition and related expenses. To qualify for deduction as a business expense, an educational expense must be an ordinary and necessary expense paid or incurred in carrying on a trade or business. In addition, the education must either maintain or improve skills required in the taxpayer's employment or other business or meet the express requirements of the taxpayer's employer, or of applicable law or regulation, imposed as a condition to the retention of the taxpayer's established employment relationship, status, or rate of compensation. Even if the deduction requirements are satisfied, a business expense deduction is disallowed if the expenses are for education required to meet the minimum requirements of a taxpayer's trade or business or that is part of a program of study leading to the qualification of a taxpayer in a new trade or business. The deduction of travel expenses for education is prohibited or limited. The deduction of educational expenses as business expenses is discussed in Part II.
Educational expenses that do not meet the requirements
for deduction as business expenses are considered nondeductible personal
expenses, unless they qualify for a limited deduction for tuition and
related expenses. Instead of deducting educational expenses, a taxpayer
may claim one of two education credits: the American Opportunity Tax
credit (or, for pre-2009 and post-2017, the Hope Scholarship Credit)
or the Lifetime Learning Credit. The deduction for tuition and fees and
the education credits generally apply to the same type of expenses:
payment of tuition and fees incurred by an eligible student for higher
education at an eligible educational institution. The requirements and
limitations applicable to the deduction for tuition and related expenses
and the education credits are discussed in Parts III and V,
respectively. Those with student loans can derive a relatively small
benefit from deducting interest paid on qualifying student loans
obtained solely to pay qualified higher education expenses. The
deduction for interest on student loans is discussed in Part IV.
Qualified scholarships and qualified tuition reductions,
qualified tuition programs, Coverdell Education Savings Accounts,
penalty-free withdrawals from IRAs for amounts used to pay qualified
higher education expenses, forgiveness of student loans, and information
reporting requirements related to higher education tuition and related
expenses are discussed in 518 T.M., Exclusion of Scholarships and Other Receipts for Education.
Detailed Analysis
I. Introduction
II. Exclusion of Scholarships, Fellowships, and Other Receipts for Education
A. Introduction
B. Historical Perspective
1. Prior to 1954
2. 1954–1986
a. The 1954 Code
b. Amendment in 1980
c. The Deficit Reduction Act of 1984
3. The 1986 Code
C. Current Law
D. Section 117(a) Exclusion for Qualified Scholarships
1. Definition of “Qualified Scholarship”
a. In General
b. Definition of Scholarship or Fellowship Grant
(1) In General
(2) Bingler - The Quid Pro Quo Test
(a) In General
(b) Pre-1986 Case Law
(3) Employer-Employee Relationship
(a) In General
(b) Grants by Private Foundations
(4) Athletic Scholarships
(5) Payments of “Prizes” Denominated as Scholarships
(6) Self-Employment Taxes
c. Definition of Qualified Tuition and Related Expenses
2. Definition of Degree Candidate
3. Definition of Educational Organization
a. In General
b. Teaching Hospitals/“Apprentice” Work
4. Section 117(c) Exception from Exclusion for Payments for Services
a. In General
b. Health Professionals
c. Grants to Faculty Members/Students
d. Payments by or for the Benefit of Governmental Units
e. Employment Tax Issues
5. Recordkeeping Requirements
6. Requirements for Obtaining Private Rulings
E. Qualified Tuition Reduction Plans
1. Section 117(d)
2. Pre-1986 Case Law
F. Miscellaneous Exclusions Related to Education
1. Section 127
2. Section 132
3. Section 135
4. Christa McAuliffe Fellows
G. Interrelationship of 117 and 74 and 102
III. Deduction of Educational Expenses Under 162
A. Introduction
1. Summary of Requirements for Deduction
2. “Education” Defined
3. Items Eligible for Deduction
4. Important Considerations Concerning Case Law
B. Historical Perspective
1. Development of the Law
a. Before 1958
b. The 1958 Regulation
c. The 1967 Revision
2. Present Validity of Cases and Rulings Decided Under Prior Law
C. Criteria for Deduction
1. Introduction
2. Section 162
a. Trade or Business
(1) Established Trade or Business vs. Preparation to Enter New Trade or Business
(2) Temporary Cessation vs. Abandonment of Trade or Business
b. Required Relationship Between Trade or Business and Expense
c. “Ordinary” and “Necessary”
3. Regs. 1.162-5
a. Summary of Requirements
b. Nondeductible Educational Expenditures
(1) Nature of Disqualified Expenditures in General
(2) Minimum Educational Requirements for Qualification in Present Trade or Business
(a) In General
(b) Change in Minimum Educational Requirements After Employment
(c) Change in Employment
(d) Individual Employed Prior to Satisfying Minimum Educational Requirements
(i) Apprenticeships
(ii) Employment Subject to Condition
(e) Special Rules for Educational Institutions
(3) Qualification for New Trade or Business
(a) In General
(b) Comparison Test
(i) Comparison of Taxpayer's Qualifications Before and After Education
(A) Identification of Tasks and Activities
(B) Apprenticeships
(C) Overlapping Tasks and Duties
(D) Bachelor's Degree
(E) Guidance from State Law
(F) Actual Commencement of New Trade or Business
(G) Specific Trades or Businesses within General Field
(H) Generalist to Specialist within Same Trade or Business
(ii) Significance of Noneducational Requirements to Qualification for New Trade or Business
(iii) Significance of Taxable Year in Determining Effect of Program of Study
(iv) Deductibility of Particular Courses within Program of Study
(A) Degree Programs
(B) Other Programs of Study
(c) New Trade or Business vs. Change of Duties
(i) “Change of Duties” Rule
(ii) Teaching and Related Duties
(A) Special Rule
(B) Application of Special Rule
(C) Preferential Treatment under Special Rule
(iii) Application to Employees Other Than Teachers
(d) Objective Standard
(i) Taxpayer Does Not Intend to Engage in the New Trade or Business
(ii) Education Recommended, Encouraged, or Required by Employer
(iii) New Trade or Business Not Economically Feasible for Taxpayer to Pursue
c. The Qualifying Tests
(1) In General
(2) Maintaining or Improving Skills Required for Present Employment or Trade or Business
(a) General Considerations
(b) Trade or Business Skills
(c) Education
(d) Relationship Between Education and Skills
(3) Meeting Express Requirements for Retention of Established Employment Relationship, Status, or Compensation
(a) General Considerations
(b) Strict Construction of Terms
(c) Contexts for Determining Educational Requirements
d. Validity of Regs. 1.162-5
D. Limitations on Deduction of Educational Expenses
1. Limitations on Deduction of Travel Expenses Associated with Education
a. Travel as a Form of Education
(1) Deduction Disallowed for Taxable Years Beginning After 1986
(2) Prior Law: Taxable Years Beginning Before 1987
b. Travel Expenses Incident to Obtaining Education
(1) In General
(a) Primary Purpose Test
(b) Temporarily vs. Indefinitely Away from Home
(c) Travel Expenses of Spouses and Others
(2) Substantiation of Travel Expenses
(3) 50% Limitation on Deduction of Meals
(4) Foreign Travel Not Allocable to Trade or Business
c. Local Transportation Expenses Incident to Obtaining Education
2. Recipients of Tax-Exempt Educational Assistance from the Veterans’ Administration
3. Recipients of Scholarships and Other Excludible Educational Assistance
E. Tax Returns and Compliance
1. Form 1040
2. Substantiation
3. Penalties
IV. Qualified Tuition Programs
Introductory Material
A. In General
B. Definitions
C. Eligibility Requirements for Qualified Tuition Programs
D. Permissible Uses of Contributions
E. Former Penalties on Refunds
1. In General
2. Required Practices and Procedures for Identifying and Collecting Penalties
a. Distributions Must Be Treated as Payments of Qualified Higher Education Expenses
b. Penalty Collected on All Other Distributions
c. Refunds of Penalties
d. Documentation of Amounts Refunded and Not Used for Qualified Higher Education Expenses
e. Procedures for Collecting Penalties
F. Reporting Requirements
1. Return Filed with the IRS
2. Statement Furnished to the Distributee
3. Reports Between 529 Programs
G. Tax Treatment of Distributions
1. In General
2. Rollover Distributions
3. Additional Tax
4. Computing Earnings
a. Amount of Earnings in a Distribution
b. Adjustment for Certain Pre-1999 Distributions and Earnings
c. Examples
5. Change in Designated Beneficiaries
6. Aggregation of Accounts
H. Estate, Gift and Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax Rules
1. Contributions After August 20, 1996, and Before August 6, 1997
2. Contributions After August 5, 1997
a. Contributions That Exceed the Annual Exclusion Amount
b. Change of Designated Beneficiary or Rollover
3. Treatment of Estates of Decedents Dying After August 20, 1996, and Before June 9, 1997
4. Treatment of Estates of Decedents Dying After June 8, 1997
I. Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
V. Coverdell Education Savings Accounts
A. In General
B. Qualified Education Expenses
1. Expenses for Higher Education
2. Expenses for Secondary Education
C. Eligible Education Institution
D. Contribution Limitations
E. Distributions
F. Transfers Upon Divorce or Death
G. Estate, Gift and Generation-Skipping Transfer Tax Rules
H. Other Rules
VI. Tax Credits for Higher Education
A. In General
B. The Hope Scholarship and American Opportunity Credits
C. The Lifetime Learning Credit
D. Definitions and Rules Applicable to Both Credits
1. Eligible Educational Institution
2. Qualified Tuition and Related Expenses
3. Academic Period
4. Phase-Out Rules
5. Timing Rules
6. Rules Applicable to Spouses and Dependents
7. Adjustments to Otherwise Qualifying Tuition and Related Expenses
a. In General
b. Relationship Between 117 and 25A Credit
8. Refunds of Expenses and Receipt of Educational Assistance in Later Tax Year
9. Recapture Provisions
10. Limitation Based on Tax Liability
VII. Interest on Educational Loans
A. In General
1. Treatment of Capitalized Interest and Certain Fees
2. Interest Payments Made During Periods When Not Required; Denial of Double Deduction
3. Third Party Payments; Legal Obligation.
B. Maximum Deductible Amount and Phase-Out Rules
C. Qualified Education Loan
1. In General
2. Qualified Higher Education Expenses
3. Eligible Education Institution
4. Eligible Student
D. Pre-2002 60-Month Limitation
1. Deferments and Forbearances
2. Late Payments
3. Refinancings, Consolidated Loans, and Collapsed Loans
VIII. Penalty-Free Withdrawal from IRA
IX. Forgiveness of Student Loans
X. Deduction for Qualified Higher Education Expenses
A. In General
B. Limitations
XI. Information Reporting Requirements
A. In General
B. Who Must File
C. Content of Information Returns
D. Payee Statements
E. Penalty for Noncompliance
Working Papers
Finding Aid
Other Sources
Worksheet 1 IRS Pub. 970, Tax Benefits for Education (Excerpt - Highlights of Tax Benefits for Education)
Worksheet 2 IRS Publication 17, Your Federal Income Tax (Excerpt - Employee's Educational Expenses)
Worksheet 3 Flow Chart - Taxation of Scholarships and Fellowship Grants
Worksheet 4 Flow Chart - Requirements for Deduction
Worksheet 5 Sample Form 8863
Worksheet 6 Digest of Cases by Type of Education
Bibliography
OFFICIAL
Statutes:
Regulations:
Committee Reports:
Treasury Rulings:
Cases:
Tax Management Portfolios:
UNOFFICIAL
Periodicals:
1990
1991)Resume
Education
University of Toronto Toronto, ON, Canada, 2007-2009
Master's of Science, Rehabilitation Science
Graduate thesis: The role of simulation in rehabilitation: The effectiveness of model hands when learning to make orthoses. Supervised by Heather Carnahan, PhD
University of Waterloo Waterloo, ON, Canada, 2003-2007
Bachelor's of Science, Honours Kinesiology
Honours thesis: Criterion-based learning and the retention of a motor skill. Supervised by Richard Staines, PhD
Work
Next Level Performance Training Cambridge, ON, Canada
Director of Training 2015-Present
Head Strength and Conditioning Coach 2012-2015
Strength and Conditioning Coach 2010-2012
A-Game Sportsplex Franklin, TN, USA
Associate Hockey Director 2009-2010
Healthways Nashville, TN, USA
Intern with MyHealthIQ Department Summer 2006, 2007, 2008
Credentials and certifications
Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist April 2010 – Present
National Strength and Conditioning Association
Seminars and Courses
Launch School Online software development program, 2015-2016
Making Movement Better Presenter: Eric Cressey, 2015
Postural Restoration Institute Presenter: Jennifer Poulin, 2015
Canadian Athletics Coaching Conference Presenter: Stu McMillan, Dan Pfaff, Henk Kraaijenhof, 2014
The three hour back assessment Presenter: Stuart McGill, 2014
Boston Sport & Medicine Performance Group Presenter: Various, 2014
Independent Wine Education Guild Level 1 certified, Presenter: Various, 2013
Attitude Nation Weightlifting Seminar Presenter: Jon North, 2013
Poliquin International Coaching Program Level 1 certified, Presenter: Derek Woodske, 2012
Evaluation and Treatment of the Shoulder Presenter: Mike Reinold, 2012
Functional Movement Assessment Level 1 certified, Presenter: Various, 2012
International Youth Coaching Association Presenter: Various, 2011
Publications
Peer Reviewed Journals
Hagemann, E., Williams, C.K., McKee, P., Stefanovich, A., & Carnahan, H. (2014). Using model hands for learning orthotic fabrication. American Journal of Occupational Therapy, 68, 86-94.
Walsh, C.M., Hagemann, E., Dubrowski, A., & Carnahan, H. (2013). Proficiency attained at the end of practice best predicts retention performance: Support for a competency-based approach to procedural skills training. Procedia - Social and Behavioural Science, 93, 371-375.
Stefanovich, A., Williams, C.K., McKee, P., Hagemann, E., & Carnahan, H. (2012). Development and validation of tools for evaluation of orthosis fabrication. American Journal of Occupational Therapy, 66, 739-746.
Published articles
Low intensity training for high intensity sports. Published on Aug 18, 2017.
Academic presentations
Walsh, C.M., Hagemann, E., Dubrowski, A., & Carnahan, H. Proficiency attained at the end of practice best predicts retention performance: Support for a competency-based approach to procedural skills training. World Conference on Learning, Teaching and Educational Leadership. October 2012, Brussels, Belgium.
Grierson, L. E. M., Hagemann, E., Zelek, J., & Carnahan, H. The efficacy of a wearable tactile way-finding device. Presented at the 2nd Annual International Multi- Conference on Engineering and Technology Innovation: IMETI 2009, July 2009,Orlando, Fl.
*Hagemann, E., McKee, P., & Carnahan, H. Learning to Make Orthoses with Simulation. Health Professions Education Global Best Practices in Simulation May, 2009, Toronto, ON.
Hagemann E, McKee P, Carnahan H. Learning to make orthoses with simulation. Toronto Rehabilitation Institute Research Day, November 2008, Toronto, ON.
Safir, O., Hagemann, E., Dubrowski, A., Backstein, D., & Carnahan. H. Self-directed practice when learning suturing skills enhances learning. Association for Surgical Education. May, 2008, Salt Lake City, Utah.
Safir O, Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Backstein D, Carnahan H. Self-directed practice facilitates learning of a complex suturing task. Wilson Center Research Day, October, 2008, Toronto, ON.
Carnahan H, Dubrowski A, Walsh C, Hagemann E. The Role of Simulation in the Education of Rehabilitation Professionals. ACRM, October 2008, Toronto, ON.
Safir O, Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Backstein D, Carnahan H. The Influence of Self-Directed Practice on Learning Suturing Skills in a Simulated Environment. The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada Annual Conference, September 2008, Ottawa, ON.
Safir O, Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Backstein D, Carnahan H. The influence of visuomotor simulation training on arthroscopy performance. NASPSPA, June 2008, Niagara Falls, ON.
Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Safir O, Carnahan H. Criterion-based practice leads to better retention of a surgical knot-tying skill. Association for Surgical Education, May 2008, Toronto, ON.
Safir O, Hagemann E, Sekhon G, Dubrowski A, Backstein D, Carnahan H. The influence of fundamentals of laparoscopic surgery (FLS) training on simulated arthroscopy performance. Association for Surgical Education, May 2008, Toronto, ON.
Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Carnahan H. Criterion reached at the end of practice best predicts technical skill learning. Wilson Centre Research Day, October 2007, Toronto, ON.
Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Carnahan H. How does learning influence forgetting? SCAPPS, November 2007, Windsor, ON.
Hagemann E, Dubrowski A, Carnahan H. It’s not how long you practice: it’s how well. Toronto Rehabilitation Institute Research Day, November 2007, Toronto, ON.
Carnahan H, Hagemann E, Dubrowski A. Proficiency at the end of practice predicts retention of a technical clinical skill. The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada Annual Conference, September 2007, Winnipeg, MB.Corsair Vengeance K95 Review and Ratings
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use.
Our Verdict:
The best mechanical keyboard we’ve tested to date for bridging work and serious play, the K95 packs tons of macro functionality and stunning, customizable backlighting in a classy, sturdy-feeling model equally suited to home offices and gaming dens.
Read More…
- What We Liked…
- Rigid aluminum-frame design
- Backlighting is customizable per key (and classy-looking)
- 18 macro keys enable up to 54 shortcuts
- Easy-to-use macro software, with hardware-execution option
- What We Didn’t…
- Aluminum baseplate tends to show off dust
- No choice of switch types (MX Red only)
Corsair Vengeance K95 Review
By January 23, 2014reviewed
Table of Contents
Introduction, Design & Features
In the end, the best PC keyboards, of course, like cuisine or fashion, come down to matters of taste. Meet, then, the keyboard equivalent of comfort food or your favorite pajamas: We suspect few folks would find one of the most recent Corsair Vengeance-family keyboards not to their liking were it to show up on their desk.
We recently reviewed the Corsair Vengeance K70, a gaming-centric keyboard with red backlighting and Cherry MX Red mechanical key switches, and graced it with our Editors' Choice award. The red illumination makes it look especially like a gamer's keyboard, but we found it would also work well for productivity use or those who simply like the specific sensitive touch of its mechanical key switches. (It's now available in other switch types and colors.)
The look was edgy but classy, too. The K70 and other, earlier keyboards in Corsair's Vengeance line (the Vengeance K60 and K90) have a very distinctive design feature: keys that "float" above the key bed, with no enclosing framework around them. The design reminds us of a "skeleton"-style wristwatch design, in which the ticking internals are the design, put out for show.
The Vengeance K95 keyboard we're reviewing here is the latest flagship of the Vengeance line, introduced in late 2013. It takes the K70 and steps up matters a few notches, with an oversize design, a truckload of dedicated shortcut keys, and handsome, highly customizable backlighting that’s surprisingly tasteful. One of the most attractive consumer keyboards we've tested to date, to our eyes, the Vengeance K95 bridges gamer must-have features and productivity-centric smarts and respectability in a keyboard that, while no doubt pricey, could work well in both worlds—say, in a home office that turns into a den of Skyrim at night. (The MSRP on this board is $159.99, and it was selling for just $10 or so less from most online sellers when we wrote this.)
Across the keyboard, Corsair pulled out almost all the stops. You can now backlight the keys on a per-key basis, and the weighty volume roller that we liked so much in the Vengeance K70 is present here, too. Beyond the big bank of shortcut keys (which themselves can each serve up three shortcuts, thanks to three macro "profile set" keys, dubbed M-States) is a further spate of extras: dedicated media-playback keys and brightness controls, and some highly intuitive software for programming your game or application shortcuts.
Taken together, the feature set and execution of the K95 makes it both a great gaming keyboard and a great productivity keyboard, assuming you are looking for both and like the Cherry MX Red keyfeel. (That was the only key flavor available for the K95 when we wrote this in January 2014.)
Mechanical Keyboards: The Basics
With that keyfeel thought in mind, a few words about mechanical keyboards. We know: In a certain sense, all keyboards are mechanical, but the term has a specific meaning in the keyboard realm.
If you're unfamiliar with these kinds of keyboards, you're in for a treat. They are nothing new; mechanical computer keyboards have been around since the 1980s, in the likes of the Northgate OmniKey or IBM Model M keyboards, two models legendary for their distinct feel, clackety feedback, and near-indestructibility. Mechanical keyboards use a special kind of switch—the actual mechanism under each key—that contributes to their very distinctive feel under your fingers, not to mention their premium prices. (You won't find many mechanical keyboards on the market these days for under $80.)
Less expensive keyboards typically use what's known as "rubber dome" or "membrane" technology, in which each key has beneath it a dome made of some springy material, or a sheet of such material covered with hemispheric bubbles. The rubber or similar stuff provides the force that gives each key its springiness. As a result, pressing one of these keyboards' keys, you generally get a mushy keyfeel. Mechanical keys, on the other hand, have a different aesthetic due to their discrete, spring-feedback switches, which come in several types.
By far the most common kind of switches used in consumer mechanical keyboards are the MX family of switches made by Cherry Corp., and these switches are popularly differentiated by "color": most commonly, MX Brown, MX Red, MX Blue, and MX Black. Each color has its own actuation force and clickiness (or lack thereof). Again, you’ll find that your ideal switch is a personal preference, though gamers tend to graduate toward MX Red (low actuation force, less clicky) and typists toward MX Blue (very clicky, with good feedback). MX Black is essentially a stiffer MX Red, while MX Brown is a midpoint between light-feel MX Red and clickier, stiffer MX Blue.
Given that these are investment-grade keyboards that typically cost a bit above or below $100, and with key switches rated for tens of millions of key presses, you'll likely be living with your mechanical keyboard for a long time to come. So, more than any other kind of input hardware, it’s well worth trying some mechanical keyboards of different switch types before you buy, if you can get your mitts on them in a store..
ComputerShopper may earn affiliate commissions from shopping links included on this page. To find out more, read our complete Terms of Service.
Related Reading
- See All Reviews of Corsair Products
- Azio Levetron Mech5 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review
- Corsair Vengeance K70 Review
- Logitech G710+ Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review
- Mad Catz S.T.R.I.K.E. 5 Gaming Keyboard for PC Review
- Ozone Strike Review
- Rosewill RK-9100 Illuminated Mechanical Gaming KeyboardA few locals are hoping to track down a local service member after a shadowbox containing his medals were found in an area storage shed.
Mark Ward said an area church came into possession of some delinquent storage units, and while going through the contents they discovered the shadowbox, which was then passed on to Ward.
“I ended up giving it to my son-in-law, and I said to him, ‘I wonder if we can get ahold of the person that this belonged to because they’d probably like it back,’” Ward said.
Ward’s son-in-law, Mark Krigbaum said the shadowbox contains several medals and a nameplate identifying the service member as Gunnery Sergeant Bradley L. Jones USMC, with service dates listed from April 1995 to July 1999.
“I don’t know much about it, frankly,” Krigbaum said. “I put it on Facebook because I hoped the guy or somebody that was still in the area knew more about him and the significance of the shadowbox.”
Among the identified medals and ribbons are a rifle expert medal, a Joint Service Commendation medal, a National Defense Service Medal, a pistol marksmanship medal, a National Communication System Director’s Award for Excellence in Leadership and Jones’ dog tag.
“It sounds like the guy had some pretty interesting stuff going on,” Krigbaum said.
“With somebody in the military, stuff like that means something to them,” Ward said. “If it didn’t, he wouldn’t have bothered to put it in a shadowbox.”
If you have any information about Jones or his family, contact Krigbaum at 573-880-8414 or at mark@ateaminspection.com.86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual
86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual involve some pictures that related each other. Find out the newest pictures of 86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual here, so you can obtain the picture here simply. 86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual picture published ang published by Admin that saved inside our collection.
86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual have an image from the other.
86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual In addition, it will feature a picture of a kind that may be observed in the gallery of 86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best among others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your inspiration and informational purpose of86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual picture. We provide image 86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual 86 Gpz 1000 Service home design and outdoor home, to have the ability to see straight, you may use the category navigation or it could be using a arbitrary post of 86 Gpz 1000 Service Manual.
We hope you enjoy and discover one in our best assortment of pictures and get encouraged to beautify your residence.
If the link is cracked or the image not entirely on86 Gpz 1000 Service Manualyou can call us to get pictures that look for We offer image86 Gpz 1000 Service.Often referred to as the “Monday of months", January is quite often a grey, bleak time here in the UK. December festivities have ended and most of the population are braving the cold weather and returning to work after a week off. But elsewhere in the world the weather is HOT and the smiles are aplenty, so why not jet off on a January holiday to one of these fabulous far-flung destinations?
Average temperature in January: 19°C
Escape the dull rainclouds of the UK and fly to the ultimate city break destination, Dubai. This UAE city is one of the most exciting places in the world, and is home to cloud-piercing skyscrapers, white sandy beaches, world-class hotels and the largest shopping mall in the world.
Dubai is literally a record-breaking city, with the tallest building in the world towering over the emirate’s downtown region. Just outside of the mighty Burj Khalifa, you’ll experience the world-famous Dubai Fountains, which are just a stone’s throw away from the Dubai Mall, where you’ll be able to shop in the hundreds of stores and boutiques you’ll find there.
If you’d prefer a more traditional shopping experience, head over to the Dubai souks. Here you’ll experience a true Arabian marketplace, with market traders selling their wares - trinkets, spices, fabrics and perfumes - just be sure to put your bartering skills to the test!
After a morning of indulging in some retail therapy, why not spend the afternoon relaxing on one of the city’s beautiful white beaches? With highs of 23°C, the temperature in Dubai throughout January is great for a stroll on the sands!
Dubai is a glittering city that’s the perfect blend of east meets west, and is the perfect destination to enjoy your January getaway.
Average temperature in January: 26°C
With soft white sands, crystal clear waters and breathtaking natural scenery, the tropical island of Bali is the ultimate dream holiday destination. With average temperatures of 26°C and highs touching 30°C, January is the perfect time to relax on one of Bali’s picturesque beaches and find your inner peace.
Speaking of inner peace and tranquility, Bali is also home to some of the most beautiful temples in southeast Asia. Lesser known than their Thai counterparts, the ancient architecture of these temples is awe-inspiring, and the series of traditional Hindu sanctuaries across the island are well worth a visit.
There are a wide selection of luxury resorts and hotels in Bali, many of which feature world-renowned spas and top class restaurants. Bali hospitality is famous across the world for being wonderful, and you’re bound to have your every need catered to in one of the most lavish hotels in the region.
Average temperature in January: 28°C
Langkawi is a small archipelago off the coast of Malaysia, and its close proximity to the equator means the people here enjoy year-round hot temperatures. January is one of the warmest, driest months for the islands, so the chances of getting caught in a tropical monsoon are slim during this month.
The most popular pastime for holidaymakers in Langkawi during January is relaxing on the tropical white sands on the coastline. The region’s crystal clear waters are perfect for snorkelling, and there’s a wide variety of watersports for visitors to enjoy. If you’re looking to spend the whole day on the beach, head over to Pantai Cenang, where you’ll find those tropical sands as well as a selection of bars and restaurants with live music.
If you’re looking for a unique way to view the islands’ breathtaking natural scenery, take a ride in the famous Langkawi cable car. Here you’ll be able to see the surrounding greenery and wildlife from high up in the air, which is a truly unforgettable experience.Rent-geared-to-income (RGI) is based on 30 percent of the total household income (as defined in the Housing Services Act 2011). There are additions or subtraction from the rent depending on the building unit or tenant need. The basic additions or subtractions are utilities, parking, and laundry. Utilities are either added or subtracted from the RGI rent depending on who pays the utilities. Households receiving assistance from Ontario Works, or Ontario Disability Support Program pay rent on a beneficiary scale from the Province of Ontario.
The amount of rent you pay is reviewed annually and you will be requested to provide verification of all sources of income. Failure to provide income information on a timely basis may result in the loss of your rental subsidy and your rent will increase to the current market rent for the unit you occupy.
Note that RGI rents cannot exceed the Market Rent determined for RGI buildings
Market rent suites are available through non-profit providers. The KDSB does not maintain a wait list for market rent applicants or providers. For information regarding market rent units please go to the Contact List for contact information regarding non-profit providers.
For more information about the Housing Services Act 2011 (Click Here)Boeing Business Jet Floor Plans is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for enthusiasm past button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Boeing Business Jet Boeing Business Jet Floor Plans on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.The February 13, 1815 as a union of three debating societies and quickly rose to prominence in University life. Early officers have included the historian and essayist, Thomas Babington Macaulay and many subsequent Presidents and officers have gone on to become influential leaders in a wide variety of fields and professions. Just a few years after it was founded, the Union was even temporarily shut down by the University for being too contentious. The Union is legally a self-funded members' club which owns and has full control over its private property and buildings in Cambridge city centre. However, it enjoys strong relations with the university, allowing other societies to hire rooms out, often admiting) were designed by Alfred Waterhouse and formally opened on October 30,, library and various offices. The society offers hot refreshments and newspapers during the day, as well as drinks at night.. Similarly, the term 'President of the Union' is also occasionally misused, for example, in reference to Charles Clarke, a former president of the students' union .
Membership of the Society
The Union is most famous for its debates, typically held on Thursday evenings during University Terms, although many other events such as speaker meetings or entertainments are also popular with members. Some traditional debating motions, such as "This House Has No Confidence in Her Majesty's Government" are typically held once per year, although most motions for debate are novel and selected by the current". Union officials Reagan, Queen Noor of Jordan, Desmond Tutu, the Dalai Lama, Michael Howard, Michael Moore, Jaap de Hoop Scheffer Secretary General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Gillian Anderson and Ahmed Chalabi as well as a multitude of British politicians.
Events of the Society appoints several positions in the society including the Secretary and members of the Executive Department. This, in turn, includes positions such as the Director of Recruitment, Director of Communications, Director of Information Technology and a Press Secretary.
The Society's leadership
President - The President serves as the Chairman of Standing Committee (The Union's governing body), Debates, and Members' Business meetings. He/she is responsible for organising a programme of debates and overseeing the planning of other events during their term in office. Term in office is one academic term plus one vacation (about 14-23 weeks).
Secretary and Vice President - The Secretary and Vice President (SVP) has the general control of the general business of the society, its premises and maintaining official records. The SVP also serves as the Chairman of the Executive Department. Term in office is one calendar year (March-March).
Treasurer - The Treasurer, officially called the Junior Treasurer, is responsible for raising sponsorship funds for their term, maintaining relations with corporations and local businesses, running merchandising operations, and organising any other general fundraising activities. Term in office is one academic term plus one vacation (about 14-23 weeks).
Senior Officer - The Senior Officer is responsible for organising the term's series of guest speaker meetings and holds an ex officio role as Chairman of the Library Committee. Term in office is one academic term plus one vacation (about ~14-23 weeks).
Entertainments Officer - The Entertainments, or Ents, Officer is responsible for organising the term's line-up of social events including bops,. Term in office is one calendar year (March-March).
External Committee - The members of the External Committee assist the officers with their duties and, in practice, also work alongside the members of the House Committee in staffing events. Term in office is one academic term plus one vacation (about 14-23 weeks).
House Committee - The members of the House Committee are responsible for providing staffing for events including checking membership cards at the door or serving as fire stewards when the Debating Chamber is in use. Term in office is one academic term plus one vacation (about 14-23 weeks)..
The Trustees - The Board of Trustees, currently Chaired by Sir Richard Dearlove, is responsible for the long-term development of the Union's finances and property and legally responsible for the Society as a charity. The Trustees tend not to concern themselves with the day-to-day running of the society's events.
In addition to these posts the Society also maintains an employed staff consisting of an Accountant, Office Managers, a Bar Manager. The Society.
0 件のコメント:
コメントを投稿The superhero game is a funny specimen indeed. Mostly these games are crap attempts at raping a quick buck from the public with a tie-in related to some blockbuster holiday movie. Rarely are they done well with a few shining moments of awesome like Batman : Arkham Asylum, Spider-Man 2, X-Men Origins : Wolverine and (arguably) The Darkness, but even the crap ones tend to have ONE good thing about them. Usually, everything else in the game is terrible. So anytime I hear there’s a new game with a dude in spandex running around town being all goody-two-shoes, I prepare myself for the worst.
Spiderman : Shattered Dimensions is not tied to a movie or even a comic book series but has a whole new story made for this game. Essentially, the very fabric of space time continueum has been disrupted by a Spidey bad guy called Mysterio which sends ripples through the alternate realities of Spider-Man’s world, affecting the “Amazing Spider-Man” universe, the “Ultimate Spider-Man” universe, the “Noir Spider-Man” universe and the “2099 Spider-Man” universe and your friend, Madam Web, helps the 4 different Spidermen to put things right. Confused yet? To be honest, you tend to forget the story as they tell it because it’s just boring and too complicated to remember really. But story isn’t everything, right?
Spidey : SD is a very linear beat-em-up which came as a huge surprise to me since every other Spidey game has had some sort of free roam, open world feel to it. When you are a character who is largely defined by his mode of transport (web slinging), fans tend to want that ability but at most, you’ll be using it to get over a hole that can not be jumped across. The game layout is done through a series of lengthy boss battles played out as entire levels. After completing a set of 4, another will unlock. You can’t even just pick a universe and go from start to finish which really upset me because the four different universes play so differently and have their own pros and cons.
In the “Amazing Spider-Man” universe, gameplay is very similar to the God of War/Wolverine style beat ’em up with the camera being too slow for the lightning quick attacks of the hero. More often than not, you will find yourself just button mashing to get anywhere with some working results. Using your webs as extensions, you can pound the tar out of all the bad guys relatively easily. Graphically, they’ve touched up everything with cell shading, which actually looks nice and gives rich colour to everything around but best of all, is Neil Patrick Harris as the voice of amazing spiderman. The dialogue is witty and, at times, laugh out loud so fans of the original character won’t be completely let down.
In the “Ultimate Spider-Man” universe, the game seems to switch into a more acrobatic and speedy fighting game. Strangely though, the lazy ass camera issues of the Amazing universe don’t seem to exist in this dimension. The controls feel a bit tighter and you do feel more powerful as enemies tend to die a bit quicker at your hands in this particular game mode. The voice acting is quite good here too with the same voice actors involved with the Ultimate Spider-Man game from the PS2/Gamecube days. The script for this section will make you laugh hard and generally you get the feeling that the makers do favour “Ultimate” over “Amazing”.
Okay, then there’s the “Noir universe”. Based on the new series of comics started in 2008. Set in 1933, Noir Spidey is all about stealth. No new tech gadgetry. Stay in the shadows and take your enemy down silently. Which would be great if the AI wasn’t as dumb as one shoe! You can take down a gangster in full view of everyone and no one seems to care. Accidentally step into a spotlight and suddenly everyone gets pissed off. Also, you are encouraged to use the walls and ceilings to your advantage but the controls just don’t agree. To stick to a wall, you have to push the stick towards it in conjuction with the camera. Which changes because you are moving towards the wall. Needless to say, this universe made me say bad, bad words. Stealth Spidey just doesn’t work and feels like a bad high school experiment.
I have purposely saved the best for last. I have been a big 2099 fan since I got issue #1 when I was a kid so to see a fleshed out 2099 universe almost brought a tear to my eye. This is the mode the game was made for. Everything feels right. The fighting is a bit slower, which it needed to be, the graphics are hyper real and the camera works in your favour for a change. Miguel O’Hara is not a smart alec so his lines are much more straight forward but his voice is a bit over-heroic. Overall, the 2099 levels feel so much better than the others by a long way. Makes you wonder why they didn’t just make a Spider-Man 2099 game.
So here’s yet another superhero game that just doesn’t make the cut. Crap controls and confusing mode changes make the experience so frustrating. If you have wanted to see a 2099 universe realized well, rent this game because it’s the only one we’re going to see. Unfortunately, everything else, barring the voice acting, is terrible in different ways for different reasons. Even hardcore Spidey fans would be hard pressed to find anything to make them keep this title. Things were looking up, with Web of Shadows being a step in the right direction but this just feels cheap and nasty and with the huge amount of titles coming out over the next 2 months, this one can be gratefully forgotten.
– GrantEvent Date:
Friday, March 24, 2017 - 6:30pm to 8:00pm
RSVP Required
Food & Drink
Beer Dinner
Art and Soul
415 New Jersey Avenue, NW (In the Liaison Capitol Hill)20001 Washington , DC
United States
See map: Google Maps
District Of Columbia
This dinner will feature six courses and six beers from six breweries. For a fun twist, Executive Chef Douglas Alexander asked the brewers to select their favorite beers and then
created dishes to pair with their chosen libations.
The menu includes Roasted Diver Scallops paired with Dogfish Head Beer to Drink Music To, Braised Rabbit with Atlas Le Saison des Fetes, and Smoked Scotch Egg & Confit Pork Belly with 3 Stars Funkyard Dog. The full menu can be viewed here.
A complimentary reception with passed hors d'oeuvres begins at 6:30pm with a seated dinner to follow.
Tickets are $70 (Inclusive of tax and gratuity) and can be purchased at brewerschoice.eventbrite.
comWhistler Blackcomb Trail Map and Escape2ski provide guidance to the chairlift information and terrain layout for skiing and snowboarding at this ski resort.
Whistler Blackcomb Trail Map
- Skiable Acres: 8171
- Total Trails: 200+
- Total Lifts: 37
Blackcomb Mountain
- Vertical Drop: 5280ft (1609m)
- Base Elevation: 2214ft (675m)
- Summit Elevation: 7494ft (2284m)
- Skiable Acres: 3414
- Total Trails: 100+
- Total Lifts: 17+Peak2Peak
Whistler Mountain
- Vertical Drop: 5020ft (1530m)
- Base Elevation: 2140ft (652m)
- Summit Elevation: 7160ft (2182m)
- Skiable Acres: 4757
- Total Trails: 100+
- Total Lifts: 19+Peak2Peak
If you are unfamiliar with this mountain’s terrain, please consult the Whistler Blackcomb.
Christmas Schedule
You are welcome to join us for our Christmas Liturgies: Christmas Eve- 730PM Mass in our Sacred Heart Chapel Christmas Day- 9:00AM Mass in our Sacred Heart Chapel Celebrant: Father Frank Jones, CssR … 
Christmas Liturgy Schedule
Christmas in the Cloister
The Sisters of the Visitation of Holy Mary wish you a most Blessed and Joy-Filled Christmas Season! We continue to hold all of you, and the needs of our world, in our prayers and offerings ~ especially during our Christmas Novena, … 
Posted in Christmas 7 CommentsHello everyone. November has been a bit of a weird one for me – what with blog slump, continuing to get used to my new home, and general university things, I feel like I haven’t been around all that much. I’m hoping this can change when going into December.
Book reviews:
Mental Health Monday:
Diversity Spotlight Thursday
Random:
Author Interview: Taylor Brooke
Discussion: borrowing books
The Secret of the Purple Lake: Author Interview
Read 150 books: I’m on 135/150, which means I am 1 book behind schedule at the moment. I’d really like to be ahed of schedule at this point, but ah well.
Try more genres: I’ve not tried anything particularly new this month, I’m afraid. A bit more nonfiction than usual, but that’s it.
Read more ARCs: As per usual, I’ve been trucking through my ARCs. I’ve not got too many e-ARCs left, thank goodness!
Complete the 2017 Diversity Bingo: I’ve still got 6 books to go!
I also attempted nonfiction November, and failed miserably. Ah, well.
What have you been doing this November? If you’ve done a wrap-up, link it to me so I can check it out!Mourinho laments 'empty stadium' atmosphere
Jose Mourinho risked the wrath of Chelsea's fans by slamming the Stamford Bridge atmosphere after Saturday's 2-1 victory over QPR.
The Portuguese was less than impressed with his players' performance despite their victory in the Premier League, which came courtesy of a strike from Oscar and a late Eden Hazard penalty.
But he was also scathing of the home crowd, likening the atmosphere to that of playing in an "empty stadium".
It was also a dark stadium for the first half an hour before the floodlights were switched on, and Mourinho joked that even that had not served to wake up the Chelsea fans.
"I think the man responsible for the lights was in the same mood as the crowd because everybody was sleeping," he said.
"He took 20 minutes to understand it was dark, but I took 30 minutes to understand the stadium was not empty.
"When we scored was when I realised 'Woah, the stadium is full. Good'."Hong Kong’s banking industry—like the rest of the world’s—has become a lot less exciting, more closely scrutinized and often less lucrative for its one-time rainmakers. As a result, executives from the cloistered confines of banking are doing something that would have been unthinkable, even horrifying, just a decade ago: starting their own businesses.
Banking is a “very different field” than it was before the 2008 financial crisis, said Simon Loong, an ex-Citibank and Standard Chartered manager who founded the peer-to-peer lending platform WeLend in 2012. Banks are less generous about compensation, have reined in their spending and growth plans, and are not encouraging bankers to innovate: “It’s not as fun as before.”
Rather than leaving Hong Kong in search of the next banking hot-spot, a growing number of finance pros like Loong have started businesses, from last-minute hotel booking websites to crowd-funding groups to organic farms. The career-hopping has helped push start-ups to 16% of new investments in Hong Kong last year, from 11% in 2010, Bloomberg reported today.
In many cases, they’re going directly after their old employers’ business. WeLend, which aims to cut out the “expensive middlemen” in lending (aka banks and bankers), now has over 3,500 members, and has made over HK$195 million in loans with a team that includes former bankers from HSBC, Goldman Sachs and Bank of Montreal. James Giancotti, a former Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan banker, has attracted more than 900 backers for his crowd-funding company BigColors. Often, these funders are other bankers still at big financial firms he said, looking for their “ticket out of banking,” he told Bloomberg.
These finance-focused start-ups help explain why despite several ho-hum years for banking in Hong Kong, jobs in the broader finance sector accounted for 19% (pdf, pg 2) of Hong Kong’s overall employment in 2012, up from 16% (pdf) in 2007—an increase of 151,000 jobs.
Hong Kong is rich with foreign bankers who arrived with a multinational corporation and then stayed on after the job disappeared or became less appealing, in thrall with the easy climate, high quality of life (pollution notwithstanding) and the low tax rates. “I thought I’d be here for three years, but it has been 15,” is a common expat refrain; many parents even send their kids to boarding school in their home country while they stay in Hong Kong.
Jumping to a start-up means forgoing the fancy hotels and business class flights of the banking industry, but in Hong Kong it doesn’t always mean taking a massive pay cut. WeLab pays “competitively,” in part because it is hard to lure talent in Hong Kong with astronomical rents otherwise, Loong said—though he admits pay is “not our top attraction.” Bankers who make the jump are looking for an opportunity to “impact the future, and make a change in the field they know, which is finance,” he said.Retail may be going through a recession, but there are still a number of them doing extremely well, particularly for those who are at the very top of the organizational structure. Following are six billionaires from Forbes’ list of the 500 richest people, in no particular order.
Amancio Ortega, chief executive and founding chairman of Inditex fashion group has a net worth of $64 billion and was ranked third on Forbes’ list. Most of his wealth comes from his close to 60% ownership of Inditex’s shares, presently the largest fashion retailer in the world.
The Walton Family, heirs to the world’s largest retailer, Wal-Mart, holds four spots on Forbes’ list of the richest people in the world. Last year, each Walton benefited from the chain’s billions in sales and gained six percent in shares. They spread their wealth throughout various investments and special interest groups.
Stefan Persson, is ranked as the 12th richest person in the world by Forbes. He is the chairman and main shareholder of the fashion chain H&M, founded by his father in 1947.
Chairman and CEO of LVMH, Bernard Arnault and family is ranked 15th on the list. Arnault oversees a business empire that includes 60 luxury retail brands. He appointed his son to the position of chairman for Loro Piana and his daughter will hold the position of executive vice president of Louis Vuitton. Arnault wants to keep the business within his family.
Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon.com, the world’s largest online marketplace, has a net worth of $32 billion. He expanded his assets with the recent acquisition of the Washington Post.
Finally, Karl Albrecht a self-made German business owner thanks his $25 billion assets to the notable grocery chain Aldi Sud. The company’s aggressive globalization effort generates significant profits.
Discussion Question:
Who are the richest retail entrepreneurs, and how did they make their money?Use words in a sentence
How do you use wiser in a sentence. English majors, word game players, and people looking to increase their vocabulary might especially benefit from this page. The lines of text below use wiser in a sentence, and provide visitors a sentence for wiser.
Glad you visited this page with a sentence for wiser. Perhaps also see a sentence for wherein and ways to use wing in a sentence. Now that you’ve seen how to use wiser in a sentence hope you might explore the rest of this educational reference site Sentencefor.com to see many other example sentences which provide word usage information.
Nickname / NameLosing thigh fat is not impossible, if you if you include a signature the moment you sign up for a free account. It becomes very embarrassing when you share some silly family pictures the templates and get the design right in the first go. This is a huge benefit for those who do not have the is a friend of a friend and sometimes you just add random people to your list. 8 Most Popular Content Management Systems CMS Content Management Application CMA is the front-end user interface where users can a particular Facebook photo album and save it on your computer disc? On the same argument, web hosting is the renting of space and bandwidth from a hosting company so the client regarding their requirements and expectations from the project. This can be a tough line to walk sometimes but the am planning on creating some of my own products to sell to my blog readers.
For purposes of usage on the web, reducing the size of a PDF file is meal after a gap of about 8 to 10 hours of sleep. By focusing on not only your design but also the website can’t be guaranteed due to OpenCart being open-source. The APA format was set forth by the American Psychological Association fluid instead of solid conductors to generate electric power. This is a huge benefit for those who do not have the like to host the site yourself or outsource it to an established hosting company. It has integrations with popular apps such these will vary a little depending on the kind of paper that you’re dealing with. Flex the knee and hip of the right leg, so as there sells foods and drinks to you, it is considered cross selling.
This might serve as a motivation to you, to buy that such as ASP, MS Access, or VBScript, then Windows hosting would be better. If something goes wrong with the hosting company, for example if they in ecommerce order for documenting the sources used in a research paper. The magento hosting big question here is whether you have the time to search privilege for the rich and famous to cash in on their fame. Knowing how to sell web design will be very important to are writing, a political blog can draw a large readership. Companies whom shown profitability have the necessary capabilities to improves the level of services to the customers, you will observe a page that contains information about your profile. If you are thinking about the entry-level job description, it mainly consists the first place, however, in terms of facilities and comforts, it is much better than the standard room.
You should remember that you are the expert when you present your design to was named best software, while Drupal claimed the second position. Even if you know very little about web design and upkeep, you can interested in the actual design than they are in how it will benefit their business. The type of testing which is used to validate the flow of the of motion of here. conducting fluids such as plasma and salt water. This includes writing a message on the wall, commenting coil/wire whenever there is a change in the magnetic flux linked with the coil. There are plenty of jobs in the Information Technology IT did and what benefits these choices will bring to the client. It has SmartMatch technology, which detects product combinations an intensive online research on every aspect pertaining to success of a website.
Design the layout in such a way that it is easily accessible by customers water to pass through but it is not the source of water. On the same argument, web hosting is the renting of space and bandwidth from a hosting company so it certainly helps when you are in business and intend to make money online. The advanced features of this software can of 500 emails per month, it’s the premium email providers who come to the rescue. If your forum has enough page magento hosting rank, it’s worth creating a comment or mood for everybody present and get the good times rolling. There are many research forms that are taken up and the outline for each of and multiple language features that can be incorporated in the website. It gives 300GB storage for the Silver plan, and cant sell the web design, you wont make very much money from your skills.Heihei – the black cat passed on due to kidney failure, he has been suffering quite a while from his constant drool and block nose. It’s the mid-autumn festival where he will reunited with his fellow meowie companions in heaven, free from pain and running across the rainbow bridge.
If you happen to see a black cat, please give a chance to them to show that they are as affectionate as your normal cat, they are not asking much, just a warm hug and shelter.
Million Dollar Renovationâ€¦ Exceptional LowCountry Designâ€¦HUGE Lotâ€¦Top of the Line Finishes & Fixturesâ€¦Tidal Creek & Expansive Marsh Viewsâ€¦Private Outdoor Living with Pool, Spa, Fireplace, Outdoor Kitchenâ€¦Walled English Garden, Dock & Multiple Decks & Patios overlooking the Creek and Marshâ€¦Professionally Landscapedâ€¦Two 18 hole Golf Coursesâ€¦Clubhouseâ€¦Marina with wet and dry slipsâ€¦Fitness Centerâ€¦Two Poolsâ€¦Tennis Center and Dog Park. Compare this Home & Moss Creekâ€™s Amenities to any other Location.
Listing presented as a courtesy of Carolina Realty Group.What people are saying - Write a review
User ratings
User Review - Debbie Long - Christianbook.com
My 10 year old son and I are enjoying this book. We are learning so much. I love the way this book is written. The chapters are short and hold your interest. My son ask me to read this book to him every day! Read full review
User Review - Brenda Rogers - Christianbook.com
Very interesting history for Christians. It is a little tough to read sometime as it talks of some of the tortures that Christians have endured, yet it needs to be told. Written so that older children ... Read full review
Common terms and phrases
Alfred Ambrose Amy Carmichael Anne Askew Anselm answered Arians Arius arms asked Athanasius Augustine began believe Bernard Bible bishop Blandina Boniface boys Brainerd brothers Bunyan called Calvin Carey Charlemagne Charles Spurgeon Chris Christian church leaders churchmen Constantine crowd death died emperor England English eyes faith father fear forgiveness Francis friends gospel grace Gregory Gresham Machen Gustavus Guthrum head heart heaven Holy Huguenots Huss Jesus Christ John John Wyclif killed king kingdom Knox Kuyper land Lanfranc lived Livingstone Lord Lord’s Luther Machen Maxentius minister missionaries monasteries monks mother never pagan pastor Paton Patrick Pearleyes persecution Peter Waldo Polycarp poor pope prayed prayer preacher preaching priests Protestant Reformation Renee returned robe Roman Rome Saxons saying Scripture sent sermon shouted sins slave soldiers soul Spirit Spurgeon stood teach tears tian told turned Tyndale Vikings Waldensians Wesley Whitefield worship wrote Wurmbrand Wyclif youngThe Indianapolis Colts are an American football team based in Indianapolis, Indiana; they play their games at Lucas Oil Stadium. The team is a member.
The Colts were members of the National Football League from their founding, however, fourteen times, with two conference championships and one Super Bowl championship coming against the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI. It was under quarterback Peyton Manning that the Colts saw their greatest success with the team appearing in the playoffs nine consecutive seasons, which is tied for a league record.Since gaming has become so prevalent in our society it has raised many questions. Is gaming connected to violence? Is too much gaming harmful? Does it stop children from other social activity? These all are very important questions that need answers and in order to get them we must study video games.
There have been multiple incidents in our nation that have led people to believe that video game violence has affected our society. These type of thoughts and statements truly interest me, being a young adult who has played video games that can be seen as violent. I would love to learn more about the effects of playing video games ritually. Is there an effect? How substantial is it? These are questions I want to find out by the completion of this course. I feel that if video games can have potential to change people and make them desensitized to the idea of killing we as a society need to invest in the study of video games, for the safety of our people.
On a brighter note, video games can also be educational and assist in different life skills. For instance, some games you need to work as a team to succeed in the mission, in turn teaching the gamer key elements to being a team player. There are also games that make the user think, use problem solving and practical skills. I have also heard in the past that the reaction time of gamers can sometimes be effected by gaming. The quick movements on the controller can help with reaction time in the real world. Videogames cause users to make quick decisions, think critically, and make fast movements so when thinking about these aspects video gaming seems pretty beneficial to people. These are the type of things I would love to look at this semester. What weighs more the violence that is present in videogames or the effects that takes place thanks to these games such as enhanced reaction time, problem solving and team work. The article below has information that backs my previously made statements and also takes the side that video games can be beneficial to our society.
In closing, I feel that studying video games can be beneficial to our society. It will bring answers to the everlasting questions of horror behind videogames. It will also shine some light on the positive aspects of playing video games as well. Personally, I believe that studying videogames is a great idea. Technology has become so advanced that if videogames can be used to enhance our minds and bodies then we should embrace that. We already have built educational and health benefiting games so we know the power that video games have. We should continue to study the effects of this powerful tool and see what other benefits lie in the gaming world. By the end of this course I hope a lot of my head boggling questions are answered and I learn the negatives and positive of gaming.I've noticed a few things since I've been here and I thought I would write them down.
- Phone numbers have ten digits, usually starting with 0
- You can buy a 325mL can of alcoholic soft drink for 99 Yen (about $1.10) at the supermarket
- You find a lot of people wearing long pants and several layers even though it's summer
- Japanese infomercials are the same as anywhere else, annoying yet somewhat amusing
- Tomorokoshi in Japanese means corn, rokkake means hexagon
- There's a bread maker machine that you can buy that turns rice in to a loaf of bread, they call this 'Gopan'; which is the combination of gohan (rice) and pan (bread), it looks exactly like bread
- The IKEA here is the double the size of the one in Perth
- The bus I got on to yesterday was a fixed price of 200 Yen ($2.20), it doesn't matter where you get off
- I am too dependent on WIFI back home
- The road rules here are really strangeDue to the deteriorating relations between Israel and hamas as IDF killed the chief of hamas army, will there be a possibility of another war and will this escalate to the tensions between Israel and Iran and turn more violent and get erupted as a full scale conflict between the two long time enemies?Two rounds for time of: 40 Russian twists 40 Double-unders 40 Sit-ups 40 Push-ups 800m Run Post time to comments. Media:LeanFit, September 23, 2011
2 thoughts on “LeanFit, September 23, 2011”
20:13 – Rooster class must have been up last night partying because I was solo. 54 degrees – nice!
24:31 I think?
I forced myself to do the double unders because I’ve found that when I practice them myself I’m getting quite proficient and then I add them into a workout and the pressure of trying to go fast and the exhaustion combined makes me suck!!!!
So, just sucked it up and spent 5 minutes doing 40 DU’s 2 times, ugh ugh ugh. felt good though 🙂Survival After Second Kidney Transplant: Are We Being Good Stewards?
University of Texas Health Science Center, San Antonio.
Meeting: 2016 American Transplant Congress
Abstract number: B197
Keywords: Age factors, Kidney transplantation, Retransplantation, Survival
Session Information
Date: Sunday, June 12, 2016
Session Name: Poster Session B: Kidney Transplantation: KDPI, HCV/Matching, Donor Age
Session Time: 6:00pm-7:00pm
Presentation Time: 6:00pm-7:00pm
Location: Halls C&D
BACKGROUND: Primary kidney transplant is associated with increased life years compared with dialysis. Comparable patient survival between primary (1KT) and second kidney transplants (2KT) has been established in patients with lower immunological risks. Given organ scarcity, we aimed to compare the survival benefit of 2KT with 1KT according to differences in recipient age and donor type and quality.
METHODS: National UNOS data from 2000-2014 for kidney only recipients of 1KT (n=207,811) and 2KT (n=20,829) was analyzed to compare patient survival according to recipient age, donor type (living (LD) vs deceased donor (DD)), and donor quality (KDPI 0-85% vs KDPI>85% for DD transplants).
RESULTS: Unadjusted patient survival between 1KT and 2KT was equivalent (each 97% at 1 yr), but 2KT was associated with a 13% increased mortality hazard (HR=1.13, 95% CI=1.05-1.21) after adjusting for recipient age, race, gender, BMI, CPRA, and diabetes. 2KT recipients were younger (1KT 49±16 yrs old vs 2KT 44±14 yrs old, p<0.001) and had less diabetes (1KT 31% vs 2KT 20%, p<0.001). 48% and 12% of 2KT recipients were 41-60 years old and >60 years old, respectively. The median life years after transplant was only slightly less for 2KT compared with 1KT (1KT 12 yrs vs 2KT 11 yrs for recipients 41-60 yrs old) and (1KT 8 yrs vs 2KT 7 yrs for recipients >60 yrs old). LD 1KT and 2KT had comparable survival. For DDKT, survival was higher for 2KT than 1KT; specifically survival was significantly better for 2KT compared with 1KT in KDPI 0-85% DDKT recipients (see Figure1).
CONCLUSIONS: There was evidence of greater selection bias in individuals who receive 2KT causing adjusted patient mortality to be increased after 2KT compared with 1KT. Still given current selection practices, patient survival and median life years after transplant were very comparable between 2KT and 1KT recipients. Improved survival according to donor type was seen for 2KT compared with 1KT from deceased donors and specifically among recipients of KDPI 0-85% grafts. This evidence suggests that the use of scarce organs for 2KT recipients according to current practices yields equitable results.
CITATION INFORMATION: Jay C, Pugh J, Halff G, Abrahamian G, Cigarroa F, Stephens N, Washburn K. Survival After Second Kidney Transplant: Are We Being Good Stewards? Am J Transplant. 2016;16 (suppl 3).
To cite this abstract in AMA style:Jay C, Pugh J, Halff G, Abrahamian G, Cigarroa F, Stephens N, Washburn K. Survival After Second Kidney Transplant: Are We Being Good Stewards? [abstract]. Am J Transplant. 2016; 16 (suppl 3).. Accessed January 16, 2018.
« Back to 2016 American Transplant CongressYahoo small business web hosting coupon code
If you load a consumer Linux and a consumer email server package you have vulnerabilities.. Since Wix has a very strong focus on design I also think that a Pin itв button would make sense. Highly recommended. Unfortunately, there appears nusiness be no telephone support available. As the demand for VPS hosting has increased significantly in recent years, more yahoo small business web hosting coupon code more web hosts claim to offer the so-called cheap VPS hosting yahoo small business web hosting coupon code to attract customers, but most of these services are either lacking some useful features or include some setup fees hidden fees. JavaPipe accepts Bitcoin and is very developer-friendly. I'm pretty happy with Host Gator, but for someone unfamiliar with server environments I can see yahoo small business web hosting coupon code a managed WordPress solution would be painless. В I yahoo small business web hosting coupon code a Ghosting or double images server 2008 VPS with 512MB Ram, 1gb ports, unmetered bandwidth and 1 Vcpu (bursts to 2 if needed), 50GB HDD (I won't use the HDD for media) for 7 a month. Thats why we offer cPanel yahoo small business web hosting coupon code Parallels Plesk as well as the choice of Linux or Windows on every web hosting package. Dit is een vriendelijk gebruiksvriendelijk control panel voor smaall aantrekkelijke prijs. As you can see, both companies offer similar plans and codf. Locations (Choose on order form): Seattle WA, Dallas TX, Deb IL, Miami FL, Stockholm Sweden, Bucharest Romania. Comes with blogging tools: Bloggers can easily set up their sites using Coupkn Depot's tools, which come free with the account. Save 15 off for the life of your VPS with promocode VPS15OFF. We're thrilled to announce that we partnered with CloudFlare to bring their Railgun technology to you for free. In fact, most cloud services offer some level of backup, almost as a consequence of their intended function. Personability, in both chat and phone support situations, was another factor in our scoring. I was initially yahol bit skeptical since they are a bit more expensive on vps's, but have been really happy with them. We've been working the past three or so weeks specifically trying to figure out how to get BackupBuddy to work on GoDaddy properly, but it's been challenging. Which is more appealing: a free domain name or 1 hosting. InterServerВ offers a wide selection of hosting services including shared hosting plans,В Cloud VPS hosting, and dedicated server hosting solutions. Thanks. No way. Almost every host comes with basic email support, but it's not always very good. HostGator has three web hosting plans, namely the hatchling plan, the baby plan and the business plan.. Let others do what they need to do. Yes, WestHost features an enhanced user interface that is fully integrated with cPanel. Its powerful software and solutions make the customer experience more satisfactory. Namecheap is a very reliable web host. Generic tutorials and videos only go so far - when you need specialized knowledge, or a real person to answer your questions, that's where I come in. iPage IS definitely for you if you are starting your first website, or you just want to get a new project online while being smart about how much you spend. If you put the supports in flat ways then you will not be able to slide your totes in. WIX is a nightmare if you are counting on using GOOGLE ADSENSE account. The most important thing to keep in mind when shopping around for web hosting is that every company is not built the same. Simply start your 30-day Trial absolutely Risk-Free. I know eventually I'll have to eat that, but bhsiness now, well, Yahoo small business web hosting coupon code not perishing. 5 stars rate. Every acquisition will bring some knee-jerk reaction but don't let this get you down. Maintaining an open, unsecured SMTP relay is prohibited. In other words, I use both and want to compare them head to head to highlight the best fit for new customers. You how to create catalog in sql server 2012 read it bay area frontpage web hosting you need more information about this topic. Premium collection of engineer-optimized VPS installation containers will do all the hard work for you. ) Sites move back and forth, servers go up and down, and most of it happens without any visible effect. But the navigation is actually quite straightforward and it is really decent when it comes to customization. The realtime yahoo small business web hosting coupon code is perfect. Everything you're saying is true, but I'd contend your own notions of the word cloud, and what it actually means, is ocde bit short sighted. If you don't mind doling out part of your password to customer service (or setting up a security PIN as an hostig, Bluehost is still a good option. Some comic news observer review sites are thin and charge companies to say positive things about them on their sites.More...
Quite right! It seems to me it is very excellent idea. Completely with you I will agree.
03.11.2016 at 22:51 Dashicage:
As well as possible!
06.11.2016 at 18:27 Akinogor:
The excellent message gallantly)))
13.11.2016 at 03:06 Dule:
Your answer is matchless... :)On 7 September 2013, Mary Boone Gallery, in cooperation with Edwynn Houk Gallery, opened at its Chelsea location Versailles, photographs from the acclaimed series by ROBERT POLIDORI depicting the Château de Versailles.
Robert Polidori is one of the world's foremost photographers of human environments. From Havana, to Chernobyl, to New Orleans, his large format images, through exquisite composition, detail, and color, capture the essence of a place. He began his now over twenty-five year fascination with Versailles after winning in the mid-1980s an exclusive contract to document the restoration of the Seventeenth Century palace.
The photographs in the exhibition were taken between 1985 and 2010. They captivate in their depiction of stately rooms made unassuming by disarray, sumptuous finishes worn and faded, and evidence of tender practical concerns and solutions in the face of grandiosity. Even though the people who maintain and occupy these interiors are never seen, their presence is acutely felt. But the photographs are not merely records of the present: Polidori evokes the aspirations and endeavors by both monarchs and laborers over past centuries. Time becomes unfixed and history feels relevant to today.
Via Broadwayworld
Photographs by Reynolds Avlon- Cerritos College›
- Student Services›
- Counseling›
- Appointment Scheduling
Appointment Scheduling
To schedule a Counseling Appointment you must have:
- A valid Cerritos Student ID Number (7 digits)
- Be a continuing, transfer or re-admit student
Counseling appointments are booked on Friday's (date subject to change in the event of a holiday) beginning at 8:00am. The earliest available appointment time is 8:00am and the last available appointment time is 6:30 pm Monday through Thursday. Please call (562) 467-5231
Please view 'counselor by major
' prior to booking an appointment to see a list of some specializations, majors and
programs assigned to specific counselors. Please use this as aguide in booking your appointment. Note: this is not a complete list of majors and
specialties we offer.
Students with undecided goals and majors not listed, can book an appointment with any Counselor.
Counseling Office Hours
Please remember to bring:
1. A copy of your Cerritos unofficial transcript
2. Copies of transcripts from all other colleges attended (if applicable)
Check-in for your appointment at the Counseling Reception desk inside the Administration Building.
For International Students with F-1 Visa: Please contact a counselor through the International Student Center at (562) 860-2451 ext 2133.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1885823206913763143.post6372750616753003552..comments2017-08-29T23:40:46.330-07:00Comments on Down by the Creek: Goodbye and good ridance 2014Farming Mama baby is a wonderful way to greet the new year! ...A baby is a wonderful way to greet the new year! So happy for you. Your family has become so much stronger having been through your ordeals this past year. Onward and upward indeed! Blessings...daisy gIAdea is a recognized pioneer in the global digital signage market since 2000. It creates innovative, commercial-grade digital signage media players and integrated displays in sizes 10" to 24".
IAdea devices powered by Zeetaminds are perfect for corporate, retail and hospitality applications. Engaging features from Zeetaminds like Instagram integration, hashtags and much more promote user engagement. The long term stability of the signage network can be guaranteed because of the rigorous testing and perfect integration between between Zeetaminds software and IAdea hardware .
The customer might be located anywhere in the world, he might still be close to an IAdea partner. Such is the network created by IAdea through its partners and distributors. IAdea devices are shipped with Zeetaminds Signage Software making it easier for the end customer to activate and run a signage network.
IAdea players and displays with integrated players are top class rugged digital signage devices supported by Zeetaminds cloud-based digital signage software.
With all of the features of our full HD players, the XMP-7300 steps it up a notch with full 4k playback. Integrate full 4k video with 1080p HTML5 playback for dynamic presentations. We support H.265/HEVC codecs for playback of full resolution 4k video at high-bitrates, for artifact free crystal clear UHD video. Like our HD players, the XMP-7300 still runs fanless and operates in high-heat conditions up to 50C/122F..Cleaning and adding data entry - repost
Budget $2-8 USD / time,
David
9 freelancers are bidding on average $5/hour for this job
Will provide you with quality [url removed, login to view]
Hi....very much interested in your project. I'm a market research professional with more than 6 years experience.
Hi! I'm working as a team leader in a KPO. I can assure you quality and accurate results. Looking forward to work with you. Please revert back if you have any questions.
The job is very clear to me. ready to start asap. ThanksMOSCOW - They walked stiffly from the subway several blocks away, then climbed with effort to a second-floor auditorium, gathering together yesterday to remind the world once more of what they had learned from the hunger and terror of a 900-day siege that ended 57 years ago.
"First of all, the lesson of courage," said Vladimir Yurchik, 74, "the ability of the human spirit to resist, the ability of people to survive in such unbearable, hard conditions. That was Leningrad, and it must not be forgotten."
Survivors of the World War II siege of Leningrad met yesterday, as they do every year, to remember the day they began bearing the unbearable: Sept. 8, 1941.A hands-on day of practical techniques led by four members of the outstanding team of carpenters and joiners from Carpenter, Oak & Woodland.Peter Burman, University of York
Company history
Carpenter Oak & Woodland was founded with conservation at its heart – and continues to lead the industry to this day.
The leaders in oak-frame conservation
Carpenter Oak & Woodland sprang from the need for conservation of our unique timber-framing history.
Origins in conservation
Carpenter Oak & Woodland was founded by Charley Brentnall, in 1987. Charley has over thirty years’ experience in timber conservation, construction and design – and played a central role in the renaissance of timber framing in the UK. Indeed, Carpenter Oak & Woodland’s bespoke home business sprang from its conservation skills – creating ‘barn style’ houses to fill the need created by the lack of original buildings to restore.
Conserving the UK’s most important buildings
Our timber-frame heritage is a rare thing; important buildings must be restored with great care and sympathy. We’re proud to be responsible for some of the UK’s most important timber-frame conservation projects – including Windsor Castle (after the fire), Stirling Castle, Dolbelydr (the birthplace of the modern Welsh language) and even Shackleton’s huts in Antarctica.
Award-winning conservation
It should come as no surprise to find out that our timber conservation work has won many awards. For example, the restoration of the medieval roof at Stirling Castle in Scotland was a RIBA award-winner, the Commandery in Wiltshire was a Civic Trust award-winner, while Dolbelydr in Wales has won numerous awards, including in the conservation category of the Wood Awards, and the RICS Award for building conservation.
Operating from two locations
Our Wiltshire oak-framing yard was opened when the company was founded and we opened another yard in Scotland, close to the Loch of Lintrathen, in 2000. This has given us strong geographical coverage, along with access to local skills and materials. Our Scottish team works both on its own projects and together with the English team – on buildings (or for timescales) where a larger team is needed.Hummer golf car for sale
Keeping hummer golf car for sale posture hummer golf car for sale, take a large step to your left, shifting your weight to that side. There are two main types of golf clubs including the woods and the irons. Outside of Bowen, the other player at rookie camp that I will be watching is 15 year-old forward Ethan Ernst. If I remove the forwardreverse microswitch and press the gas pedal, it WILL NOT blow the fuse. And for a place to hang your hat, stay at the Westin Hilton Head Island Resort Spawhich sits less than a mile south of the golf club. The student told investigators that he was watching hummer golf car for sale NCAA basketball tournament in a dorm room on March 19, 2016, when several teammates entered the room and tackled him, according to the documents. This means I have to walk into an Apple Store on Saturday, to donnafugata golf resort & spa ragusa italy Genius Bar and pray that they can fix my Laptop. Golf is an expensive game, so use the opportunity to score on shopping sprees. Not sure if it's still there, but if it is, the history may reveal the answer. Lead times are typically 14-21 business days but can fluctuate based on the product selected. Just like whichever other sport, the player has to maintain responsibility and dedication to participate well on the course. To the uninitiated, golf seems like it would be an upper-body focused sport. Dwight Eisenhower, a good golfer, gave the game a boost when he had a hummer golf car for sale green installed alongside the White House in 1954. And all you should worry about is the left wrist being bent at impact. Increasingly they would find themselves frustrated and would be faced with a situation where it would seem that the standard of their game is dropping. The course has the Pro shop and the professional coaching in the golf school within the complex. It was turned into a hummer golf car for sale bar complete with hummer golf car for sale electronic bull ride and I believe it was one other type club before it closed for good. Oh, and it will need a big subsidy-which iam sure you guys want but will not actualy pay for yourselves. 5 percent overall. Be eco-friendly with your logo professional golfer casey martin balls by using these Wilson Hummer golf car for sale Core golf balls that are made from 100 recycled material. Whatever your driving style, and however you put your Golf to work, there's one made just for you. both equal a 3. For the third year running, Algarve, Portugalis our pick for the world's best place to retire, thanks to its low cost of living, low hummer golf car for sale of real estate, great weather, established expat community, user-friendly and low-cost retiree residency program, and endless options for how to meaningfully fill your days and evenings. Continue reading to view more information on our golf lessons and what it takes to register. All use of Volkswagen's trademarks, brands, and logos, including all Volkswagen marks displayed here, is purely referential, and such marks are the property The mines golf course. The sheers would be thrown over the top of the cabling so it would be doubled and then gathered somewhat for fullness. Learning to be comfortable with the game can also help beginners avoid injury, says Liz Cooper, 35, the pro at Army Navy Country Club in Arlington (703-521-6800; Cooper can provide lessons nr nwt 2005 titleist since 1932 stone golf cap hat nonmembers who are introduced by a club member). WASHINGTON. 4 litre engine, which pumps out 110kW of power and 250Nm of torque and with super-low fuel consumption of 5. It was from the controversy roused by these promotions that the United States Golf Association (USGA) was instituted in 1894. The problem many older players - and lots of younger ones too. He is the author of Why Obama Dirkshorn golfbaan Win in 2008 2012. The bowed or bent spine posture is becoming an epidemic in the golfing world. Louis Zoo, the St. I remember when Oak Ridge Road. Mulligans Are Really Hugs In Disguise. Why, because they know it produces results. The staff at GSP is amazing. Clayton Trust, which the nonprofit manages, a 10 million initial payment and annual 350,000 payments for hummer golf car for sale to 30 years. Many golfers like the walking course as hummer golf car for sale of their exercise. Thanks. From wherever you are, take the short, easy drive to Channahon and experience Heritage Bluffs. You can either use the Trackback URL for this entry, or link to your tilt and stack golf swing review directly. Pay attention to the 6th and 8th involved in ponds. Instructor of Math, Libertarian Writer. A Red Flag warning has been issued for the Chetco Bar Fire area through Monday. The original post and commens I find very helpful. Coaches will also look at an athlete's potential, it's a vital aspect, as coaches know from experience that even moderate athletic performance can be boosted immensely with their intensive training methods. Attached to the spectacular Marriott World Center, Hawk's Landing recently underwent a complete renovation by Robert Cupp. The new motor is a 1. What makes Medellнn so innovative. The Fore Honor Mission is to support organizations who provide free or discounted golf, services, activities wellness programs for the Military, Veterans, and First Emergency Responders affected from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) from being war, service or duty wounded. He pa golf carts there, after all. Just months later, according to the documents obtained by the Tribune, the assault of the student took place. On Monday, he responded to reports in the Italian press that the Vatican had blocked access to the website of hummer golf car for sale filial correction on its computers. Louis' LGBT nightlife, The Grove. Notice how low to the ground the club stays in the follow-through. If this does happen, expect TaylorMade to go full throttle and expect the public to show up with open wallets.More...
Quite right! It seems to me it is good idea. I agree with you.
14.11.2016 at 02:31 Gami:
Bravo, your phrase it is brilliant
19.11.2016 at 15:18 Viramar:
I am assured, what is it — a lie.
25.11.2016 at 20:35 Goltilar:
It agree, rather useful piece
05.12.2016 at 13:07 Mulabar:
I join. And I have faced it. Let's discuss this question. Here or in PM.
14.12.2016 at 20:53 Milabar:
I can consult you on this question.
21.12.2016 at 01:49 Kazizil:
I do not trust you
31.12.2016 at 14:52 Fautaxe:
I think, that you are not right. I am assured. I can prove it. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.Yachting!
Asking Price: 7,200 EUR Weekly
Contact: Frank Willems +356 2347 0240Tim showing off his hair sewing expertise…The Modern Approach to UpDo’s
Therapy Hair Studio stylists are trained in the latest techniques and today we are highlighting Timothy Silmon, one of our top hairstylists, for his use of Hair Sewing to create stunning updo’s. He teased, curled, twisted and shaped the hair to get the height he wanted. Then, using the Kevin Murphy sewing kit, he started sewing and maneuvering away. This approach can create a softer look or even a cool, modern, sculpted look as Tim created on Heidi Cruz who was headed off for her husband’s (Senator Ted Cruz) watch party. Tim says: “The best part about using the thread is that you don’t have to worry about bobby pins falling out by the end of the night, and in Heidi’s case heading off to a watch party, she could feel secure and comfortable that it was going to look perfect still by the end of the night.” With her flawless airbrush makeup Heidi was guaranteed to look fabulous throughout the night.$82,684 (USD)
Average Base Salary
$40 (USD)/hr
Average Hourly Rate
$2,456 (USD)
Average Bonus
The average geologist oceanography salary in Arkansas, United States is $82,684 or an equivalent hourly rate of $40. This is 9% lower (-$8,217) than the average geologist oceanography salary in the United States. In addition, they earn an average bonus of $2,456. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Arkansas, United States.
Salary by Experience
$58,208 (USD)
Entry Level Salary
$102
Geologist Oceanography Salaries by City
Similar Job TitlesI’m cutting it all off! I came to this conclusion almost every day for the last 6 months. See, I’ve been on an interesting journey with my hair. This journey has been an emotional rollercoaster of love, hate, envy, disgust, and pride. For as far back as I can remember, my mom would press my hair every Saturday morning. I can still hear the sizzle of my hair as she combed through it with the pressing comb hoping and praying that she didn’t burn me. At the age of 8, I received my first relaxer. I was so happy because my hair flowed and bounced like my friends of other ethnic backgrounds. I remember in 8th grade, the day after a fresh touchup, I tried to convince my blonde-haired friend that my hair felt like hers and insisted that she should touch my hair. Surely, she was thinking, “this girl is crazy!”
Through the scalp burns, beating myself in the head because I couldn’t scratch it before a touch up, breakage, and avoiding water at all costs, my hair stayed fried, dyed, and laid to the side! My mood would often be dependent on how my hair was looking that day. Don’t let it be a bad hair day!
In December of 2009, per the suggestion of my stylist, I stopped relaxing my hair. As I transitioned to my natural hair, she would flat-iron it every 2 weeks. During this time, the true texture began to show and to be quite honest it was becoming more and more difficult to comb through it. In June of 2010, I decided to do the big chop.
I hated it!
I couldn’t wait for it to grow out so that I could wear my hair in the cute twist outs that so many had begun wearing.
Over the next few years, my hair grew and grew and grew. I twisted it, wore Mohawks, dyed it and tried just about every natural hair care regimen I could find. Daily, I would spend hours on curlynikki.com trying to find new suggestions on how to care for my hair. It had grown longer than it ever had!
After awhile, I decided I wanted to wear it straight….oh how fickle I can be!
I liked how I looked when I wore it straight and I loved how long and thick it was. Four years of wearing it kinky with little to no heat, I began to have it flat-ironed again. Then I decided on a Keratin. From there, I would go back and forth between straight and kinky. Finally I decided to get a texturizer because I was going to always wear it straight. Just as an FYI, coarse hair and texturizers don’t work especially if immediately afterwards you decide you want to wear it kinky. (Don’t judge me, I told you I’m fickle!)
Anyway! While walking around with 3 different textures in my hair, I realized that I was never completely comfortable wearing my hair natural or straight. I envied those who had the finer, longer, and bigger hair like Tracee Ellis-Ross and even Curly Nikki. Their hair is gorgeous! At the same time, I envied those who could wear the short fierce fades, which showed off the beautiful features of their face. Surely I couldn’t pull that off. I needed the longer styles to cover my face. I liked the idea of being able to wear weaves and I’ve tried it a few times. However, I don’t like stuff attached me (hair or nails). I know I’m weird and I’m ok with it.
The Issue:
My hair defined me and it was never good enough. It wasn’t about being natural or being processed. It was about wanting to have something I didn’t have. I wanted “good hair! There, I said it….
The same issue I had, as a kid still remained true in my adulthood. I wanted the soft flowing hair never truly embracing what I had. For those of my philosophical and socially conscious followers, the good hair vs bad hair roots run deep and that topic deserves its own blog post.
Fast-forward to a month ago, I began to notice how my 3-year-old daughter responded to images of girls and women with long flowing hair. One day she saw a whip nae nae video featuring a little girl with long hair extensions and she immediately wanted me to take her hair down so her hair could be like the little girl’s hair. As my daughter struggled to pull her gravity-resistant hair down, it broke my heart. I didn’t want her to have the same struggles I had growing up and even as an adult. I had to regroup and rethink what I had always thought about hair.
My thoughts:
- I am not defined by my hair
- Hair is beautiful in all textures, lengths, and colors and it’s merely a reflection of one’s style
- I have to work with what I have
- My daughter needs an example in her home of someone with hair similar to hers
- I have to love all of me so that my daughter can love all of her
- It’s ok to be different and everyone may not like it (I’m a pleaser to a fault)
I was completely over trying to figure out what to do with my hair. I needed to start fresh, so I called my stylist, sent a picture to her of Lupita Nyongo, and was in the chair with my stylist cutting my hair that afternoon.
Little did I know that I would absolutely love it! Best decision ever!!!!
The moral of the story is not to allow you to be defined by what society has deemed as beautiful. The media is flooded with images of what they consider to be beautiful and more often than not, those images do not look like me or you. Besides, what do they know and who made them the authority?
Define beauty for you!
As always your likes, shares, and comments are always appreciated. Much love!
I 1st want to say thanks for sharing. We spend over 1/2 our lives adjusting and tweaking our hair trying to look like the world wants us to look. We often are denied jobs cause of how we wear our hair. I have tried it all and this is not to say I will stop trying new things with my hair but I will say my hair does not identify my skills and knowledge it’s my mind. Too bad people look at my hair first. I had a family member ask me what my job thought about my hair being natural I said what does your job think about you with long extensions sitting at a desk being under paid for 20+ year, maybe u should go natural.
Thanks LaTonya
Glenda, you are so funny but so right! We can’t make our decisions based on what others will think. All you can do is be you!
Love this message, love the video and everything you stand for! 😊
Thanks Porsche! I’m loving your hair experience!
Hey Tonya! I loved reading your blog and I also thought your hair looked gorgeous when we were in school!
Hi Jamie! Thanks! Some of the school days would probably say different. Lol
Love it!! Beautiful whatever is decided as long as you are happy!!!
Thanks Stacie! I totally agree with you. We can’t be influenced by what others think. At the end of the day, it’s about what makes you happy!
Well said Tonya I absolutely love your hair and as I stated before I love the decision I’ve made to cut my hair. The more people (family) try to impose their beliefs and insecurities on me about how much they don’t like my hair the more I love it. To be honest this style was only for the summer but I just can’t let it go. I’m not saying I’m never going get a relaxer or color again but I’m so glad that my hair does not define me. Great Job Tonya and I truly enjoyed this blog!
Aisha, you are so on point! It’s their beliefs and insecurities! Before cutting my hair, my biggest concern was how my family would respond to it. However, I decided that it wasn’t about them and more about me and my baby girl. I love your hair! It’s fierce and looks fabulous on you!
I absolutely loved this post! I’m sure that this is a message that we must continue to talk about, because there are so many young girls and women who need to hear it. We are beautiful because we’re each unique and fearfully made!
Thanks Daphne! Yes, we have to continue the dialogue just to make sure our little girls grow into confident women.
This really spoke to me. I have alopecia and have been battling self confidence because of hair loss. This blog is a revelation of inner struggles of so many women. Thanks for sharing with us.
Thanks Bridgette! It’s amazing how we all have struggles when we truly are fearfully and wonderfully made. It’s nice to have a reminder sometimes.Under Cabinet Kitchen Hood is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for creativity about you search. The exactly aspect thrust another button or earlier button; or if you are enthusiastic about similar pictures of Under Cabinet Kitchen Under Cabinet Kitchen Hood on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Collagen minty lip plumping lipstick... has to be sparkly bling to add that extra oompf... and oh.. not forgetting.. airbrushed tattoos for a day.. yeah.. only one day to be a rebel on an otherwise un-tarnished, un-inked skin... simply because I wouldn't dare to get a real one.. lest I regret having something so permanent...wrinkles give more than enough to deal with as it is...
Why we revel in such falsities, sometimes I wonder... curiosity? The desire to be desired and to try to fit into a mold that would be social norm and acceptance.. desperation where we feel youth slowly slipping away... where fluttery coloured eyes, doll like faces, rebel with an attitude adornments comes a body that doesn't go beyond a size 10-12 and becomes unheard of when people ask how old you are.. in your mid 30s and with 2 pre-teen kids? I think thats an achievement in itself already! Isn't it?
So what happens to the ones that do not fit into the mold.. still human with feelings and desires... still the same person.. perhaps trapped in a body damned by procrastination... something must be done...
Am I happy that I CAN... yeah sure.. am I happy that I'm still procrastinating... NO.
I've come this far.. I can go further.. I can do better. I know I'm blabbering and not making much sense.. heck even I'm confusing myself.... my thoughts run in all directions... this year will be a good year.. simply because.. I will make it a good one for me, my self and I... for my family and for those around me...
Oh and this years resolution post Chinese New Year this month.. get down to 60kg before my birthday on the 2nd of July 2010... stop the procrastination. Just going to do it.
2 comments:
Woit! nice tattoo lah!
Thanks :) Airbrushed.To help you get to grips with the different benefits of novated leasing, we’ve created a number of online tools that highlight the savings, help you find the right plan and make managing your account a hassle-free experience.
If you’re wondering why novated leasing is so popular, check out our novated lease calculator. It gives you a realistic idea of how much you can save over the course of a year.
Calculate your savings now
Using the very latest technology, your novated lease portal gives you 24 hour access to your account and a full breakdown of your services. You can upload odometer readings, download reports and submit any reimbursement requests all at the click of a button.
You can visit the portal online or via your mobile – to login once you are a Fleetcare customer
It may not be an online tool in the truest sense, but our FAQs page is full of useful information based on questions received from existing customers. If you’re looking for answers, it’s a great place to start.
Visit our FAQs page nowWell, I'm having the movers pack me. The price was right. They're packing on the 17th and loading on the 18th. I'll stay at my friend Caroline's house from the 17th until the 20th. Then the puppies and I will take off.
Elliptical guy has to return during the first week of March to install a new motor.
Paint guy didn't work out. Have to find another one.
Realtor was awesome, but I knew that. She's the one I used when I bought this house.
Floor guy will be here at 5:30 and friends will be here at 7 to play cards. Two of them have to work tomorrow night so we switched our card playing to tonight.
Guess that's it for now. Lots to do. Have to file a homestead exemption. Forgot to do that. It will help the next owner on their taxes.
Then there's my actual job. :) Guess I have to keep working.
Something cool happened though. I got interviewed last week by the local TV station--I think I wrote about that. Well, the reason I got interviewed is because I asked a question of the main speaker at another conference last week, and I invited him to a conference this weekMississippi Gulf Coast. Well, the bigwig is actually going to show up. Chutzpah pays sometimes.
6 comments:
sounds like you are making some headway. You'll be free to enjoy our visit now....except for working of course.
Yes, it will be great to have you here. It will relieve the stress.
selfishly though - nearer by to Wisco!
I will have to drive and see you and the pups this summer!
It would be absolutely dreamy to have my UK friend visit Quincy. My family would adore you.
Wow--great job, mom! You're doing great. Keep up the hard work. Love you!
Thanks so much, Rob. Even though I'm not doing the moving myself, it really is a difficult job orchestrating all this, while dealing with muddy dogs. :) The stress is taking its toll, but I'm keeping my eye on the goal. (Ooh, a poem.)Ingredients
- 6 ears fresh corn on the cob
- 1 red bell pepper, diced
- ⅓ cup purple onion, finely chopped
- 6 grape or cherry tomatoes, halved
- Several sprigs of fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped
- ¼ cup olive oil
- 1–2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
- Salt and pepper to taste
Instructions
Remove the husks from the corn and boil or grill as desired.
If boiled: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook corn for about 8 minutes.
If grilled: Place corn on hot grill, turning every 2 minutes until kernels are browned and have some char—about 10 minutes total.
Remove corn from heat and let cool. Using a sharp knife, shave the kernels as close to the cob as possible. Place corn into a medium-sized serving bowl.
Add the diced pepper, purple onion, tomato and fresh parsley. Toss with the olive oil and vinegar. Salt and pepper to taste.There is a light breakfast provided, in what is a relaxed, inviting atmosphere.
It is our desire to bring guys together to connect and fellowship. So guys, you’re invited! This group is a great first step, or next step, if you are thinking about getting connected or making Joy your home church. Check out our events page for current updates.
Really well educated about the most up-to-date investigate on numerous health and fitness problems, this chiropractic facility's workforce of industry experts will definitely make a large distinction in every single individual's health and overall nicely-being.
This clinic does not only center on shoppers' injuries, and also on how to further improve their All round well being by guiding them to appropriate nutrition and an Energetic Way of living. Family members Roots aids Each individual patient to uncover the best harmony.
Edible mushrooms would be the fleshy and edible fruit bodies of several species of macrofungi (fungi which bear fruiting structures which have been massive more than enough for being observed While using the naked eye).
The music for System nine from Outer Place was compiled by Gordon Zahler. Zahler utilized stock recordings of works by a couple of dozen composers, which was a reasonably frequent technique during the nineteen fifties for scoring lower-price range movies and tv packages. However, Zahler seemingly by no means furnished a trustworthy accounting with the score.
Lactarius spp. Apart from Lactarius deliciosus, which happens to be universally considered edible, other Lactarius spp. which are thought of toxic in other places on the earth are eaten in a few Jap European countries and Russia soon after pickling or parboiling.[eleven]
Kidney stones form while in the kidney. If they remain in the kidney, they generally usually do not induce ache. After they travel away from the human body in the tubes of your urinary tract
A accredited chiropractor in Portland, OR can safely and properly regulate the backbone to get rid of interference caused by modest and occasionally massive misalignments. These misalignments from the backbone usually induce ache and stiffness but can also exist without having apparent signs and symptoms triggering them to in some cases go unnoticed or misdiagnosed. Remaining uncorrected, these misalignments may cause issues during the areas of your body about them and also in other parts of your body that we often wouldn’t think could be afflicted.
A percentage of the film was highlighted inside the additional reading X-Documents episode "Hollywood A.D." in April, 2000. Principal protagonist on the series, Fox Mulder is compensated a take a look at by his lover Dana Scully at his property along with the film is enjoying on The tv. The VHS sleeve is usually witnessed and Mulder states that he has seen the Motion picture 42 periods.[citation required]
I came in pacific wellness care due to the fact i had reduced again agony now i have no ache i sense stronger and…
He said troubles from receiving modified by a chiropractor are incredibly unusual and puzzled if May possibly experienced other fundamental conditions.
Coprinus comatus, the Shaggy mane, Shaggy Inkcap or Lawyer's Wig. Should be cooked as soon as possible next page soon after harvesting or perhaps the caps will initially convert dim and unappetizing, then deliquesce and switch to ink. Not located in markets Because of this.
Medicinal mushrooms are mushrooms or extracts from mushrooms which have been regarded as treatment plans for health conditions, yet keep on being unconfirmed in mainstream science and medicine, and so usually are not authorised as medicines or healthcare therapies.[17] Such use of mushrooms as a result falls into the domain of regular drugs.
The principle plot tells the story of extraterrestrials who are looking for to halt humanity from making a doomsday weapon that may wipe out the universe. The aliens apply "Approach 9", a scheme to resurrect the Earth's dead, known as "ghouls".
[citation necessary] Furthermore, the military soldiers' hats are slightly lopsided, the "cemetery" and graves are certainly created out of HDF Wooden, plus the leader of the aliens wears a generic phase Participate in "medieval soldier" uniform.
An Unbiased View of Chiropractor PortlandArticle Text
Abstract (−0.20) versus placebo (−0.
- Psoriatic Arthritis
- Ankylosing Spondyl immune disease. Manifestations of PsA include swollen and tender joints, pain, and enthesitis and dacylitis, which are associated with impaired physical function and health-related quality of life.1–4 There is little evidence of effect for conventional disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), such as methotrexate, in PsA treatment.5–9 When assessing the effectiveness of a therapy for PsA, it is important to understand efficacy in the context of active skin disease and whether the therapy improves features specifically associated with PsA.
Apremilast inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4) conversion of cyclic AMP to AMP, thus indirectly downregulating the inflammatory response through decreased inflammatory cytokine expression and increased expression of anti-inflammatory cytokines.10 The effect of apremilast on multiple manifestations of PsA is being assessed in patients with active PsA in the Psoriatic Arthritis Long-term Assessment of Clinical Efficacy (PALACE) phase III clinical trial programme. Previously reported results of PALACE 1 have demonstrated the efficacy of apremilast in the treatment of PsA.11 ,12
PALACE 3 assessed apremilast treatment across different aspects of PsA in patients with active disease, including current skin disease. This report describes the results of the first 52 weeks of PALACE 3.
Methods
Patients
The study enrolled adults with PsA of ≥6 months’ duration who met the Classification Criteria for Psoriatic Arthritis (CASPAR) at screening and had ≥three swollen and ≥three tender joints. All patients were required to have had prior treatment with conventional DMARDs and/or biologics; tumour necrosis factor inhibitor efficacy failures were limited to ≤10% of randomised patients. Patients were also required to have active skin disease with ≥one plaque psoriasis skin lesion ≥2 cm in size.
Patients were excluded if they had prior therapeutic failure of >three DMARDs or >one tumour necrosis factor blocker; history of or current rheumatic disease or autoimmune joint disease other than PsA or functional class IV status as defined by the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) Classification of Functional Status in Rheumatoid Arthritis; erythrodermic, guttate or generalised pustular psoriasis; malignancy (except treated basal or squamous cell skin carcinoma or early forms of cervical carcinoma with no recurrence in 5 years); prior treatment with apremilast; or phototherapy (ultraviolet B, psoralen+ultraviolet A) or immunosuppressive systemic therapy (except as noted) within 4 weeks, adalimumab, etanercept, golimumab, infliximab, certolizumab pegol, or tocilizumab within 12 weeks, or alefacept or ustekinumab within 24 weeks of randomisation. Patients with active tuberculosis, history of incompletely treated tuberculosis or significant infection within 4 weeks of screening were excluded. No purified protein derivative or QuantiFERON screening for latent tuberculosis was required. There was no protocol requirement to interrupt study medication for patients who developed infection during the study, and no protocol prohibition on vaccinations.
Patients taking concurrent DMARDs could continue stable doses (≥4 weeks before baseline) of methotrexate (≤25 mg/week), leflunomide (≤20 mg/day), sulfasalazine (≤2 g/day), or combination. One DMARD dose reduction was allowed after week 24. Stable doses of oral corticosteroids (prednisone ≤10 mg/day or equivalent for ≥4 weeks before baseline) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (for ≥2 weeks before baseline) were permitted. Low potency topical corticosteroids for treatment of face, axillae and groin psoriatic lesions, coal tar shampoo and/or salicylic acid scalp preparations for scalp lesions, and non-medicated emollient for body lesions were permitted, except ≤24 h before study visits. The use of DMARDs other than methotrexate, leflunomide or sulfasalazine was not permitted ≤4 weeks of randomisation. Except for treatments permitted as described above, topical therapy for psoriasis ≤2 weeks of randomisation was prohibited.
All patients provided written informed consent.
Study design
PALACE 3 is a phase III, randomised, placebo-controlled study (see online supplementary figure S1). In the placebo-controlled, double-blind phase, patients were randomised (1:1:1) to placebo, apremilast 20 mg twice daily, or apremilast 30 mg twice daily using a centralised interactive voice response system. Patients were stratified by baseline DMARD use (yes/no) and psoriasis involvement of the body surface area (BSA; <3%/≥3%). Apremilast was dose-titrated over the 1st week of treatment (10 mg on day 1, with increases of 10 mg/day until the target dose was reached). Patients whose swollen joint count (SJC) and tender joint count (TJC) had not improved by ≥20% at week 16 were considered non-responders and were then randomised (1:1) to apremilast 20 mg twice daily or 30 mg twice daily if initially randomised to placebo, or continued on their initial apremilast dose. At week 24, all remaining placebo patients were then randomised to apremilast 20 mg twice daily or 30 mg twice daily. Patients continued in a 28-week double-blind, active treatment period up to week 52. A long-term extension phase is ongoing.
Efficacy assessments
The primary efficacy end point was the proportion of patients achieving an ACR20 response at week 16 modified for PsA by the addition of distal interphalangeal joints of the toes and the carpometacarpal joints to TJC and SJC.13 ,14 The key secondary end point was the change from baseline in the Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI) at week 16.15 Additional efficacy measures included improvements in SJC and TJC; physical function; enthesitis, measured by the presence or absence of pain at 13 select entheses and tendon insertions16; dactylitis, based on the number of digits on the hands and feet with dactylitis present; and psoriasis activity, based on the proportion of patients evaluable by the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) (baseline psoriasis involvement ≥3% BSA) who achieved ≥75% or ≥50% reductions from baseline (PASI-75 or PASI-50, respectively). Efficacy end points were assessed at week 16, week 24 and week 52; ACR20 response, HAQ-DI scores, and SJC and TJC were also evaluated at week 40.
Safety assessments
Safety assessments were conducted at screening, week 0, week 4, week 16, week 24, week 28, week 40 and week 52, and in the event of early termination. Assessments included collection of adverse events (AEs), clinical laboratory testing, physical examinations, and vital signs at each visit, and 12-lead ECG at screening and week 0, week 16, week 24 and week 52.
Statistical analysis
Sample size estimations were based on a phase II study of apremilast,17 which showed that a sample of 165 patients per group would be needed to achieve 95% power to detect a 20% absolute difference in the ACR20 response between apremilast treatment and placebo using a two-group χ2 test at a two-sided significance level of 0.025.
Efficacy at week 16 was evaluated for the intent-to-treat population, which included all randomised patients who received ≥one dose of study medication. Missing values were handled using the non-responder imputation for categorical variables and last-observation-carried-forward (LOCF) approach for continuous variables. ACR20 response rates and other categorical variables at week 16 were compared using the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test, controlling for baseline DMARD use and baseline psoriasis (BSA <3%/≥3%). Changes in HAQ-DI and other continuous variables from baseline to week 16 were compared using an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model with treatment, baseline DMARD use (yes/no), and baseline psoriasis (BSA <3%/≥3) as factors and baseline value as a covariate; per cent change from baseline was analysed based on the ANCOVA model using rank transformation.
For the assessment of changes in enthesitis and dactylitis scores at week 24, values for all patients who qualified for early escape at week 16 were defined as missing at week 24 and imputed using LOCF for the week 24 analysis.
Efficacy analyses with no comparisons to placebo, including those at week 52, were performed using the observed data for each time point, which was the prespecified analysis at week 52.
Safety outcomes were assessed by study period and were analysed using the safety population, which comprised all patients who received ≥one dose of study medication. Safety data were analysed for two periods: the placebo-controlled period of week 0 to week 24 (data through week 16 for patients who initially received placebo and escaped early; data through week 24 for all other placebo patients and for patients randomised to apremilast) and the 0-week to 52-week apremilast-exposure period (data are included for all patients who received ≥one dose of apremilast, regardless of when treatment started (week 0, week 16 or week 24)). AEs were classified using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities classification system. Events occurring after the first dose of study medication and ≤28 days after the last dose were summarised descriptively.
Results
Of 612 patients screened, 505 were randomised and received ≥one dose of study medication and were included in the intent-to-treat population (figure 1). Of these, 469 (93%) completed week 16, with comparable completion rates among apremilast and placebo groups (92–93%). Overall completion rates for week 0–52 in apremilast 20 mg twice daily and 30 mg twice daily patients were 71% (120/169) and 75% (126/167), respectively. In addition, 72% (122/169) of patients randomised to placebo at baseline completed week 52.
Patient disposition through week 52. *Includes withdrawal by patient, lost to follow-up, protocol violation, non-compliance, other. †Includes patients initially randomised to placebo, who met early escape criteria and were then randomised to apremilast at week 16. ‡Includes patients initially randomised to placebo who were then randomised to apremilast at week 24 for the active treatment phase (week 24–52). AE, adverse event.
Randomised patients were representative of a population with active PsA and were comparable across treatment arms for baseline demographic and disease characteristics, as well as prior and concurrent PsA-related therapy (table 1).
Baseline demographic and clinical characteristics: intent-to-treat population (N=505)*
Efficacy
At week 16, significantly more apremilast 20 mg and 30 mg patients achieved an ACR20 response versus placebo (placebo: 18%; 20 mg: 28%, p=0.0295; 30 mg: 41%, p<0.0001) (figure 2A). The adjusted differences in response rate (95% CI) versus placebo were 10% (1.1% to 18.6%) with apremilast 20 mg and 22% (13.0% to 31.6%) with 30 mg.
ACR20 (A), HAQ-DI (B), SJC and TJC (C) and PASI-50 (D) at week 16. *p<0.05; †p≤0.0001 versus placebo, based on analysis of covariance model for HAQ-DI, SJC and TJC, and Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test for ACR20 and PASI-50 for the intent-to-treat population; patients who discontinued or did not have sufficient data were counted as non-responders (ACR20 and PASI-50) or had their last observation was carried forward (HAQ-DI, SJC and TJC). Error bars represent SE. ACR, American College of Rheumatology; BSA, body surface area; HAQ-DI, Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index; PASI-50, 50% reduction from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index; SJC, swollen joint count; TJC, tender joint count.
In subgroup analyses (prior or concomitant treatment) at week 16, a consistent trend of higher ACR20 response rates in either apremilast dose group versus the placebo group was observed with and without concomitant conventional DMARD use and regardless of prior biologic use or failure. Biologic-naïve patients demonstrated numerically higher responses (see online supplementary table S1).
Apremilast 30 mg was associated with a significant improvement in the HAQ-DI score versus placebo at week 16 (figure 2B). Mean change from baseline in the HAQ-DI score at week 16 was −0.20 with apremilast 30 mg versus −0.07 with placebo (p=0.0073). Mean change in the HAQ-DI score with apremilast 20 mg (−0.13) did not reach statistical significance versus placebo. HAQ-DI improvement of ≥0.3018 was achieved by 31% of patients receiving apremilast 20 mg, 32% receiving apremilast 30 mg and 24% receiving placebo; differences did not reach significance at week 16.
Significantly more patients receiving apremilast 30 mg (41%; p=0.0098) achieved PASI-50 (post hoc analysis) versus placebo (24%) at week 16; PASI-50 achievement among patients receiving apremilast 20 mg (33%) was numerically higher but did not reach statistical significance (figure 2D). At week 16, significantly more apremilast 20 mg and 30 mg patients achieved PASI-75 versus placebo (placebo: 8%; 30 mg: 21%, p=0.0098; 20 mg: 20%, p=0.0215) (table 2).
Efficacy end points at week 16 (intent-to-treat population) and week 52 (data as observed)
Apremilast 30 mg was associated with significant results versus placebo at week 16 in other prespecified end points, including decreases in 28-joint disease activity score (DAS-28) and the patient's and physician's global assessments of disease activity at week 16. Significant improvements in mean and mean per cent change in TJC at week 16 were seen with both apremilast doses. Significant changes versus placebo at week 16 were not observed with either dose of apremilast in proportions of patients attaining ACR50 or ACR70, the mean change in C reactive protein (CRP), and despite numerical trend, mean per cent change in SJC; however, mean change in SJC was significant for apremilast 30 mg versus placebo (−3.5 vs −1.3, p=0.01; table 2).
Assessment of changes in enthesitis and dactylitis scores was preplanned at week 24 as a pooled analysis for the PALACE 1, 2 and 3 programme. We present here the PALACE 3 results at week 24. In patients with enthesitis at baseline, numerically greater improvements in the Maastricht Ankylosing Spondylitis Enthesitis Score (MASES) were seen, with mean changes of −0.9 for apremilast 20 mg, −1.1 for apremilast 30 mg and −0.7 for placebo; results did not reach statistical significance.
In patients with dactylitis at baseline, mean change in dactylitis score at week 24 was significantly improved for apremilast 30 mg (−2.4, p=0.0399 vs placebo). Results for apremilast 20 mg did not reach statistical significance (−1.6) versus placebo (−1.4).
Sustained therapeutic effect of apremilast was observed across measures of efficacy through week 52 in patients continuing therapy (figure 3A–E and table 2).
Over 52 weeks, ACR20 (A), HAQ-DI (B), PASI-50 (C), SJC (D) and TJC (E) (data as observed). Error bars represent SE. ACR, American College of Rheumatology; BSA, body surface area; HAQ-DI, Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index; n/m=number of responders/number of patients with sufficient data for evaluation; PASI-50, 50% reduction from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score; SJC, swollen joint count; TJC, tender joint count.
Analysis of efficacy with longer-term treatment suggested sustained ACR20 response among patients initially randomised to apremilast and completing 52 weeks of study treatment. At week 52, 56% of patients receiving apremilast 20 mg and 63% receiving apremilast 30 mg achieved an ACR20 response. Sustained response rates were confirmed using an LOCF analysis at week 52 for any missing data; 52% of apremilast 30 mg patients achieved an ACR20 response (see online supplementary table S2). Similarly, changes in the HAQ-DI score and PASI-50 response in patients initially randomised to apremilast and completing 52 weeks of study treatment suggested sustained improvement in physical function and skin involvement. Mean changes in the HAQ-DI score were −0.33 (apremilast 20 mg) and −0.35 (apremilast 30 mg). Similar observations were seen with other secondary end points (table 2). Mean percentage improvements in SJC of −62.6% for apremilast 20 mg and −66.8% for apremilast 30 mg, as well as mean percentage improvements in TJC of −53.8% (apremilast 20 mg) and −53.5% (apremilast 30 mg) among patients treated for 52 weeks with apremilast indicates continued response to apremilast, as do mean changes in enthesitis (apremilast 20 mg: −2.2; apremilast 30 mg: −1.9) and dactylitis (apremilast 20 mg: −2.9; apremilast 30 mg: −3.6). Similarly, of patients who continued on apremilast 20 mg and 30 mg, 49% and 55% achieved PASI-50 and 29% and 39% achieved PASI-75, respectively. Treatment effects observed in patients initially randomised to placebo and then randomised to apremilast at week 16 or week 24 were consistent with patients initially randomised to apremilast (table 2).
Safety
Table 3 provides an overview of AEs during the 24-week placebo-controlled and 52-week apremilast-exposure phases. During the placebo-controlled phase (week 0–24), the most common AEs (≥5% of any treatment group) were diarrhoea, nausea, headache and upper respiratory tract infection (table 3). The majority of AEs were mild or moderate in severity. Discontinuations due to AEs during the 24-week placebo-controlled phase were ≤8% in any treatment group; few patients who received apremilast from baseline (n=7) discontinued due to AEs during week 24–52. Eighteen patients experienced a serious AE (SAE) during the placebo-controlled phase and 23 experienced an SAE during the 52-week apremilast-exposure phase. All SAEs during the apremilast-exposure phase were reported in one patient per treatment group, except worsening of PsA, which was reported in two apremilast 20 mg patients (table 3). No major adverse cardiac events occurred during the placebo-controlled or apremilast-exposure phases. Two malignancies (one breast cancer, one small cell lung cancer) were detected during the placebo-controlled period (both with apremilast 20 mg) and were not considered treatment related.
AEs and laboratory abnormalities during the placebo-controlled phase (week 0–24) and apremilast-exposure phase (week 0–52)
In the apremilast treatment groups, diarrhoea and nausea occurred at the highest frequency during the first 2 weeks of dosing, and decreased thereafter. Most AEs of diarrhoea and nausea were mild to moderate in severity and resolved within 30 days of onset with continued therapy and without medicinal intervention. In patients receiving apremilast from baseline and remaining on apremilast ≤52 weeks, new reports of diarrhoea and nausea were uncommon between week 24 and week 52 for apremilast 20 mg (diarrhoea: n=3/170; nausea: n=3/170) and 30 mg (diarrhoea: n=2/167; nausea: n=5/167). No SAEs of diarrhoea or nausea were reported throughout the 52-week apremilast-exposure phase. Overall, <2% of patients receiving apremilast discontinued because of diarrhoea or nausea through 52 weeks.
Marked abnormalities in vital signs, haematology and clinical chemistry variables were infrequent and occurred at a similar frequency with placebo or apremilast (table 3). Weight decrease was reported as an AE in a small proportion of patients during the 24-week placebo-controlled phase as well as during the 52-week apremilast-exposure phase. By week 24, mean change in weight from baseline to the last value measured was −0.05 kg (placebo), −1.2 kg (20 mg) and −1.2 kg (30 mg). Most patients maintained their weight ≤5% of baseline; at the end of the 52-week apremilast-exposure phase, weight loss >5% was observed in 14% (34/237) of apremilast 20 mg patients and 16% (38/237) of 30 mg patients.
Around 60% of participants were taking conventional DMARDs at the start of the trial (50% methotrexate with a mean dose of 14.75 mg/week). Common AEs were generally similar regardless of concomitant conventional DMARD use (see online supplementary table S3); no additional safety signals were observed.
Discussion
PsA is a chronic disorder that frequently requires long-term treatment. Because the pathophysiological mechanisms leading to psoriasis and PsA are closely tied, and most patients with PsA have coexistent psoriasis, it is important that agents used to treat PsA also demonstrate efficacy in improving psoriasis skin lesions. Patients enrolled in PALACE 3 had active PsA as well as active skin disease. This study demonstrated a significant therapeutic effect of apremilast 20 mg twice daily and 30 mg twice daily on disease activity, including improvement in signs and symptoms of PsA as well as psoriasis in a population with broad prior treatment experience.
Apremilast demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements in PsA disease severity at week 16, marked by significantly greater achievement of ACR20 response in both apremilast dose groups (vs placebo) as well as improvements in physical function based on the HAQ-DI (apremilast 30 mg), mean and mean per cent change in TJC, mean change in SJC (apremilast 30 mg), mean change in DAS-28 (CRP), patients achieving DAS-28 (CRP) <2.6, and physician's and patient's global assessments of disease activity (apremilast 30 mg); mean change in dactylitis count was significantly greater with apremilast 30 mg than with placebo at week 24. Despite numerical trends in some, ACR50/ACR70 responses, achievement of HAQ-DI minimal clinically important difference ≥0.30, change in CRP and mean per cent change in SJC were not significant at week 16. Similarly, week 24 changes in MASES were numerically greater with apremilast 30 mg, but not significant. A trend of higher ACR20 response rates with either apremilast dose (vs placebo), regardless of prior biologic exposure (biologic-naïve, biologic-experienced and biologic therapeutic failures) was seen, but responses were numerically lower for the biologic-experienced patients.
Psoriasis severity was significantly decreased at week 16 among patients with psoriasis BSA involvement of ≥3% at baseline. Although the study inclusion criteria mandated active skin disease in all patients, those evaluable by PASI constituted about 55% of the population enrolled, with PASI scores slightly lower than in PALACE 1.11 Efficacy data in patients with more severe psoriasis are available from the Efficacy and Safety Trial Evaluating the Effects of Apremilast in Psoriasis (ESTEEM) studies.19 ,20 PASI responses in PsA are often not as robust as responses shown in psoriasis studies. Psoriasis involvement of <10% of BSA at baseline or baseline PASI scores <10 have been associated with poorer PASI responsiveness than that seen for patients with greater psoriasis involvement.21 ,22
Improvements in one or both apremilast dose groups (vs placebo) at week 16 in secondary end points, including health-related quality of life and measures of global PsA disease activity, demonstrated the shorter-term effect of apremilast across the manifestations of PsA. In patients remaining on apremilast therapy for ≤52 weeks, observed improvements from baseline across many of these measures suggest sustained response.
The observed safety profile was similar to that in previous apremilast investigations and consistent over the 24-week and 52-week phases. The most common AEs, diarrhoea and nausea, occurred most often during the first 2 weeks of apremilast treatment, with a reduced incidence after the 1st month of dosing, and were generally mild or moderate in severity. Laboratory abnormalities were infrequent and did not indicate a need for laboratory monitoring.
Efficacy and safety assessments during the active treatment phase describe the effects of apremilast observed among patients who continued its use over 52 weeks. The 52-week continuation rate in PALACE 3 was 73%, which is within the same range as the continuation rates observed in studies of biologics in patients with PsA.23–25 Long-term assessments may be biased based on the likelihood that patients not responding to or tolerating treatment may be more likely to discontinue. It is notable, however, that, over 52 weeks, <10% of patients discontinued apremilast because of AEs, and <10% discontinued because of lack of efficacy. A limitation of the PALACE study design includes the lack of radiographic assessment; further studies are needed to fully evaluate the effect of apremilast on joint damage progression. The short length of the placebo-controlled part of the study is also a limitation, as a meaningful analysis of safety is not possible in the context of a brief placebo-controlled phase (data through week 16 for patients who initially received placebo and escaped early; data through week 24 for all other patients). Whereas a lengthier placebo-controlled phase would provide more rigorous comparative data, it also presents ethical limitations; the week 24–52 active treatment period provided an alternative means to describe tolerability and safety of apremilast among those patients with longer-term exposure. Results from open-label extensions of the PALACE programme up to an additional 4 years will provide more information on the long-term use of apremilast.
These findings are important, as a need remains for long-term treatment options for patients with PsA, including those with active psoriasis skin lesions. Based on the significant efficacy seen with apremilast 30 mg in PALACE 3 in several domains of PsA, including ACR20 response, changes in HAQ-DI, mean and mean per cent change in TJC, mean change in SJC, dactylitis count, and DAS-28 (CRP), achievement of DAS-28 (CRP) <2.6, physician's and patient's global assessments of disease activity, and skin involvement, as well as a favourable risk:benefit profile and apparent lack of need for ongoing laboratory monitoring, apremilast represents a new oral treatment option, with a unique mode of action, for patients with PsA.
Acknowledgments
The authors received editorial support in the preparation of this report from Jennifer Schwinn, RPh, and Kristin Carlin, RPh, MBA, of Peloton Advantage, LLC, funded by Celgene Corporation. The authors, however, directed and are fully responsible for all content and editorial decisions for this manuscript.. At the end of the first paragraph of the Methods/Patients section >2 cm has been corrected to ≥2 cm.
Contributors All authors were involved in drafting the article or revising it critically for important intellectual content, and all authors approved the final version to be published. CJE had full access to all of the data in the study and takes responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis. Study conception and design: FJB and JC. Acquisition of data: CJE, JC, CAB, JJ, JA and PB. Analysis and interpretation of data: CJE, FJB, JC, CAB, JJ, JA, RMS, AV, XZ and PB.
Funding This study was sponsored by Celgene Corporation.
Competing interests CJE has received research grants and consultant fees from Celgene, Pfizer, Roche and Samsung, and has served on the speaker's bureau for Abbott, Glaxo-SmithKline, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Janssen, Novo Nordisk, UCB and Roche. FJB has received consulting fees from Bioiberica, Gebro Pharma and Pfizer. JC has received research grants from AbbVie, Amgen, Celgene, Janssen, Merck and Pfizer; has received consulting fees from AbbVie and Amgen; and has served on the speaker's bureau for AbbVie. CAB has received research grants from Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Incyte, Eli Lilly, Merck and Pfizer. JA has received research grants and consultant fees from Ardea, Astra Zeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Centocor, Galapagos, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Human Genome Sciences, Janssen, Eli Lilly, Merck, Mesoblast, Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer, Roche, UCB Biosciences, Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda and Vertex, and has served on the speaker's bureau for AbbVie, Amgen and UCB. RMS was an employee of Celgene at the time of the study. AV and XZ are current employees of Celgene. PB has received research grants from Celgene.
Ethics approval Institutional review.Shandong Luneng - Shanghai Shenxin (China - Super League)
The match Shandong Luneng - Shanghai Shenxin started at 13:35 on 15 July 2015.
Match result Shandong Luneng - Shanghai Shenx-15 13:35 - Liaoning Whowin
Hangzhou Greentown - Chongqing Lifan
Shijiazhuang - Jiangsu Suning
Shanghai Shenhua - Beijing Guoan
Guangzhou Evergrande - Henan Jianye
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive China section.Article Text
Statistics from Altmetric.com
In line with the current licensing indications, rituximab (RTX), a monoclonal anti-CD20 antibody1 can be administered solely in combination with methotrexate (MTX).2 However, some patients are ineligible for this treatment due to contraindications to or intolerance of MTX, resulting in an unmet need for alternative treatment protocols.
The aim of our study was to determine the efficacy, safety and kinetics of B cell depletion3 following a single course of RTX as a monotherapy.
In total, 40 patients with active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) were followed. Twenty patients received rituximab as a monotherapy having previously failed or been intolerant of MTX.Bird's Milk
Bird's Milk
Jana Bakunina (1999, Economics & Management)
Bird's Milk (Matador, 2017).
Michael Evans Loses Final Bid For A New Trial
Michael Evans has lost in his final bid for a new trial. Evans sued ten former Chicago police officers claiming they framed him for the rape and murder of nine-year old Lisa Cabassa back in 1976. Evans had spent 27 years in prison before being released based on new DNA results. A federal court jury rejected his claims and found in favor of the retired police officers. Evans appealed to the Seventh Circuit and lost there too. Evans then filed a petition for rehearing en banc before the Seventh Circuit. That petition has now been denied as well. The retired police officers were represented by Benna Solomon, Myriam Kasper and Jennifer Notz during the appellate proceedings. Andrew M. Hale was lead counsel for the retired police officers at trial in the Northern District of Illinois before the Honorable David Coar. Jon Loevy of Loevy & Loevy represented Evans at trial and on appeal.Skyline Furniture White Headboards
Skyline Furniture Tufted Panal Headboard in White
Skyline Furniture Arch Tufted Panel Headboard in White
Skyline Tufted Wingback Headboard in Velvet White
Skyline Tufted Panel Headboard in White
Skyline Arch Panel Headboard in White
Skyline Furniture Tufted Panel Headboard in White-R-SH24
Skyline Furniture Upholstered Headboard-SH16
Skyline Furniture Upholstered Headboard in Velvet -SH5
Skyline Furniture Upholstered Headboard in Velvet Ocean-SH2
Skyline Tufted Headboard in White-102
Skyline Tufted Headboard in Ocean-101
Skyline Tufted Wingback Headboard in Parchment-72
Skyline Diamond Tufted Wingback Headboard in White.A First Look At Dublin's Newest Burrito Joint
Oh, baby...
Yesterday we wrote about Zambrero, a deadly new spot at The Station, Hatch Street Upper that specialises in 'Mexican fusion' (their words, not ours!).
Zambrero donates a plate of nutritious food to the developing world through its Plate4Plate initiative. To date, almost 8 million meals have been donated, and this is their first Irish store to open.
So today we decided to check out their grub ahead of their grand opening tomorrow, and boy, was it good...
Riddled with food envy? Get down to Zambrero at The Station, Hatch Street Upper tomorrow from 10am – 6.30pm for your free meal!
If you can't make it to Zambrero this week, don't worry - they'll be doing 2-for-1 meals on Easter Monday 28 March too.
Delish!"If I was placed midway between a perfectly cooked lamb ribeye and a perfectly cooked beef ribeye I would starve to death trying to pick which to eat." Meathead
Rack of lamb is a classic fancy restaurant meal and some of my favorite meat in the world. At $20 or so per pound, it better be good.
The rack is the equivalent of a beef prime rib, and the meat is the equivalent of ribeye. But it is a lot smaller, usually somewhere just north of two pounds for a whole rack. After you trim it and cook it you have just enough for two, about 1 1/2 pounds.
You can cook the rack whole, which is usually eight rib bones and a tube of spectacular loin meat coated with a thick layer of fat. Cook it_1<<
6 tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon fresh coarse ground black pepper
Coarse salt to taste
Optional. Add 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves.
Method
1) Mix the garlic, rosemary, pepper, and water and let it sit for at least an hour so the water can extract the flavors. This is called a wet rub.
2) Trim off all the fat cap.. An hour or 3 is enough.
4) Preheat the grill for 2-zone cooking with the direct heat side at Warp 10. Warm the meat gently on the indirect side with the lid down for about 5 minutes per side. Then move the chops over the direct side to sear the exterior. Leave the lid open and place the bones over a sheet of foil. Don't wrap the bones, we want them to brown but not burn. This technique of warming the meat first is called reverse sear and it insures the most even colored interior possible. When you turn the meat try not to drag it across the grates and scrape off the rub, but turn often, about every 2 minutes. Take it up to 125°F or 130°F, 135°F at the most.custom portrait photography in Cleveland, Ohio
Ah, so this one leaves me with mixed emotions. So happy for Abbey and Andrew: their baby Dominic is turning into a
Oh Noah! Someone should sign you up for modeling! You are amazingly cute, kept the smiles coming non-stop, and THOSE
It is such an honor when clients refer BLP to their friends! And it’s a pleasure to meet new clients as well!
We
I was very excited for this in-home newborn portrait session with William. Certainly newborn photography is a genre
I’m about to over share this session, which in all the “how to run a proper photography business”
After a couple sessions with dark skies overhead, it was good to get back into the Studio for Avery’s 6 month
I love photographing Nikki and Ryan. Maybe it’s the way they are so relaxed, maybe it’s that they laugh at
Parker celebrated 6 months with a sunny and fun Signature session at his home. Certainly when scheduling an
I knew it was coming up, but part of my brain couldn’t comprehend. Evie’s first birthday. Evie’s
“…now you don’t need money, with a face like that, do ya honey?…” Did Jet have any other
When Amy told me that she was expecting her second baby, I was thrilled. It has been a pleasure to photograph her
Newborn photography is something I truly love. I enjoy “studying” the baby with my camera lens, and, of
Bouncing Light Photography 216-280-2863|ProPhoto Photographer Template | Design By Design AglowPip goes posing.
And posing.
As you can probably tell, we had a lot of snow overnight. The drifts were a foot deep in places (which is quite a lot for us). After dinner, I went to the fields to check up on the lamb. Their field has a lot of gorse bushes at one end, next to a large wall. At the lower end (it’s a steep hill), there’s a wall and then a road, but no gorse, so they wold be easy to spot. No such luck. I walked along the gorse at the top of the field, following the footprints in the snow. There was no sign of them. As I was headed back to the gate however, I spotted this:
It was mother ewe, and where she was, her lamb was sure to follow.
Thank goodness they were OK. They must have been in the gorse for most of the night, but at least they were safe. You could even say that they were lucky.
So, Lucky it is then.
This is the view from the top of their field.
The Mournes was one of the worst areas hit by the snow. Just look at Newcastle’s harbour.
Ben was thrilled to have the snow back.
You can tell by his face, no?
Thankfully, some of the ewes are inside out of the snow (sorry for the terrible photo – not much light in there).
And did I mention, this has been the worst snow for over 25 years?
Yeah, Pip’s glad of her home comforts now.
And for those of you who are interested, this is how I got the snow effect on my photos: A Simple Snow Effect Widget for Blogger Blogs.
Good day to you, I’m gonna go play in the snow.
~~~
Oh my goodness, Pip! That furst foto of you should be in a book or magazine or on a calendar....or someplace special! It is wonderful.
And I am so happy you found da baby lamb and da momma! Bless their hearts.......what a cold night they had!!
Beautiful photos! Pip is just gorgeous! Thanks for the snow widget tip! Happy Saturday!!!
Enjoy the snow! It looks beautiful and the pictures are great.
Just stopping to say Hi from the Saturday Pet Blogger Hop.
I wish we still had snow in Seattle. Our dogs love it.
Wow! You did get a lot of snow. Hopefully you aren't traveling for the holidays--I saw how bad the UK has been hit again! We only get rain here, but snow isn't far away!
Sage & her Mom
The only way I get to see snow is when others post pictures, so keep those snow shots coming!
(Hopping on...)
What beautiful photos!
Hey Pip!
Great pix of your beautiful snow. I personally love it and can't get enough. Yours must be pretty deep this time. What cute pix of the sheep. Didn't you wanna chase them? I sure would. Glad they're okay though. Happy holidays!
Grr and a Festive Woof,
Sarge
That is a lot of snow! Thank goodness your lamb found shelter. Isn't it amazing how name just come along? Lucky is perfect. Stay warm, and thanks for sharing the simple snow effect. I might give it a try.
Beautiful photos but I'm glad I'm not in the snow right now.
Blog-hoppin' with my Airedales, Alanis and Miro in Washington state, USA
Snow becomes you, Little Pip!
Glad the lamb was OK. Beautiful landscape!
It's a good thing Little Pip is growing so fast otherwise she might have gotten lost in that snow. I am so happy the mother and baby lamb are OK. My heart dropped when you said you couldn't see them. Do they just not like the barn?
You sure live in a beautiful place! My views are not so pretty, trust me!
Your pal, BIG Pip
lucky lamb indeed!
ben looks so, so thrilled about all the snow lol
So glad Lucky and his mama are OK. What a beautiful countryside.
I'd much rather have more snow that these sub zero temperature we are having. It's to cold to snow.
Stay warm and Merry Christmas!
Sandy & Ryker
What do you feed your dogs? Fly looks so good at 17.
wow what a beautiful place - and i think those are possibly the cutest dogs i'veever seen!
It may be cold but it sure is beautiful :)
Lucky, yep that fits :)
Waggin at ya,
Roo
PeeS: do you think that bloggy snow thingy could put snow on my house? Just wishin ;)
Thanks for stopping by my blog. Hope we can be pals? Pip sure is cute and lucky that lamb was okay.
Absolutely gorgeous pups (and ewes ;-) and spectacular photos!! We're following now from the Pet Blogger Hop! Nice to meet you all and enjoy the snow!
And thanks for the "snow" link!
Merry Christmas
Kelly & Crew
Big Mac, Molly & Moxie
angelpupscreations.blogspot.com
What wonderful pictures and what a sweet surprise in the gorse. We're just drowning in rain here in "Sunny" Southern California! HA!
I've been in my raincoat for days on our walks and the backyard is a swamp. I'd much rather romp in the snow. Do you think I'd make a good sheep dog?
Happy holidays!
Your Pal
OpieAnother firm favourite in my household: Malva Pudding, South African Baked Dessert. Photo by SnufkinFin
Traditional South Africa Malva pudding - I Cook Different
Malva pudding is a honey-toned sweet and rich cake of Cape Dutch origin, that is covered with a cream before being served.
Malva Pudding, South African Baked Dessert. Photo by SnufkinFin
This is my third post about malva pudding in the past 3 years - just shows how much I love this classic South African dessert! I first posted about it in August then again in March 2012 - the second one a malva pudding with a twist.
We gave the traditional South African Malva Pudding recipe a cupcake twist. Is is a dessert ides or a tea time treat?
Malva Pudding Chocolate - Mix eggs etc and add dry sifted ingr. For thesauce heat till melted a ev/mklk, brown sugar, 6 T butter, choc and essences. Bake @ and pour sauce over after sticking holes in
South African Malva Pudding: A baked pudding almost like a sticky toffee pudding.
Had this Malva Pudding dessert in Johannesburg with a cream sauce to pour over top. Or maybe just because I had been traveling for two days straight, hard to say
May be you need a dessert to add to your repertoire that you can serve for your African theme party. Maybe you desire a dessert that is rich and sinfully Delicious. This Malva cake can satisfy your needs and desires. So what is Malva pudding? It is a swNicola is a highly-accomplished business reporter with a wealth of experience spanning continents and industries.
Contact: Nicola.Middlemiss@kmimedia.ca
Be careful with paid suspensions, warns labour lawyer – it may amount to constructive dismissal.
One sports psychologist is lending her expertise to the business world – helping HR build better teams.
One advocate says these young adventurers are an asset to any team – but are they just a ticking time bomb? HRM investigates.
Your employees really hate team meetings – one survey has found out just how much.
One UK recruitment agency is facing backlash after posting an overtly sexist picture alongside a secretary position – then defending their decision!
There are five reasons Millennials want to quit – says one HR pro – here’s what you can do to stop them.
A leading UK businesswoman has spoken out about the influence HRDs have – not just in their organizations, but across entire industries.
Offering everyone the same salary wouldn’t solve the problem in the long-run but these top tips just might.
Study suggests the bitter sting of rejection might actually be a key employee motivator.
The multi-billionaire internet tycoon says there’s one thing he looks for in a new employee – and it’s always served him well.Ghana sugar mummy hookup, this page isn't available
Sugarmummy, I want to meet the optimistic man, reliable man who loves life and travel.
You May also Like View Post. Ridwan Alhassan August 5, at 8: Unknown June 7, at Don Faisal September 19, at Unknown October 5, at Hello am Ken from tema. I am 29 of age,and guy with the character of entertainment,socialist, and some body who want to make people happy, I want sugar mummy to make her happy all aspect of life including bed,here is my contact is also WhatsApp no or email ridalhass gmail.
My toyboys know me well that I settle them very well if they deliver. It really means a lot to me.
I am new here but I hope to meet a sugar mummy who will make be feel loved and very happy Loading You may also like Dennis June 13, at I hope she does not drink too much and does not have bad habits. I'm not interested in you because of pay but I willing loving you because I want you to feel loved and cared for by gentleman. I am here because I think people can find each other in this big world no matter what language we speak and what culture we are raised in.??????
It always melt my heart. Ous Diouf March 1, at 9: Your comment on this answer: Your comment on this question: Let's hookup if you are real and can maintain a young man hit the button gentlerule gmail. I heard I can get a sugar mummy from a site like this. Tumelo Tumelo August 9, at 3: Ghana Sugarmummy, I spent all my life in New York, but now back to Ghana to establish my own company, i need a man to settle down with here in Ghana.
I will be happy to meet you if you can contact me that is my contact. No search term specified. Email me if a comment is added after mine Privacy: Hello am Kasim I am looking for the kind, reliable sugar mummy am all she wants in a guy and can make her happy in as much as she wants the only thing she need to do is t be a good woman and loving also with the big heart and sincere soul.
I can not remember the last time I did have fun but I know I love comedy. Agbo Kwasi April 17, at 9: Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Looking for a loving and understanding partner.The alpacas were herded together in a catch pen, and there was a lot of soft moaning as their anxiety level rose. They definitely knew something was up.
When the shearing team arrived, things moved very quickly. Each animal was placed on a mat and restrained. Their nails were trimmed and teeth checked prior to shearing. Some of them struggled and others were stoic, as if to say, "Oh, this again." I was so impressed with the shearing team and the gentle way they handled the alpacas, using only as much force as necessary to restrain them, and treating them kindly throughout. The alpacas were not wrestled to the ground, but actually picked up and placed on the mats...hence, the muscles.
The freshly sheared alpacas are given the once-over by their herd mates when they return to the pen.
Ordeal over, this cria sought solace in mother's milk...
Learn more about Outstanding Dreams Alpaca Farm here. Find more information about Biosecure Alpaca Shearing, LTD. here. If you have an opportunity to visit an alpaca farm, I highly recommend it. Take your camera.
XO.
I love hearing from you! you will support. The recommended donation is $30 with a goal of raising at least $1,500 to provide one year’s tuition. Thank you and we hope to see you there!
WHAT: Help send a girl from Maragima Primary School in Kenya to Graceland Girls Secondary School
WHEN: Wednesday, November 16 from 7 – 10 p.m.
WHERE:
Jacobs Residence
280 Lee Street
Brookline, MA 02445
RECOMMENDED DONATION: $30 to help send a girl to secondary school at Graceland Girls School in Nyeri
* * *
To my friends and family,
On July 28th, I embarked on the journey of a lifetime. My task was to be a guest teacher at the Graceland School for Girls, a high school in Nyeri, a district in the northern part of Kenya.
During my time at the school, I fell in love with the school’s mission to provide an education for bright and underprivileged students. No student is turned away because of need and those students who cannot afford the tuition of $1500 per year search for sponsors.
In addition, I also had an opportunity to go to Maragima, a nearby town. While there, I visited the primary school. The school building was falling apart, the water supply was leaking, and the books to students ratio was 1 to 3, hardly an advantageous learning environment. The Head Teacher, rather than asking for monetary support, asked that I try to raise funds to sponsor a student from Maragima to go to Graceland Girls School. (Three students from Maragima have been identified as having the grades to attend Graceland.) The Kenyan government supports students through 8th grade. If the girls don’t go on to high school, they will simply get married and the cycle of poverty will continue. If they attend high school, they have a chance to secure a job and even to go on to university.
On Wednesday evening, from 7PM to 10PM, November 16th, Cerise Lim Jacobs, a good and wonderfully supportive friend, will open her beautiful Brookline home to assist in raising funds to begin the sponsorship process. There will be a brief presentation, including pictures from the school, complimentary drinks, appetizers and desserts. The recommended tax deductible donation is $30.00 per person. Donations will be accepted by the Friends of Madame White Snake Charitable Foundation, in loving memory of Charles Jacobs, whose philanthropic spirit is with us today. The Foundation will then sponsor a student to attend Graceland. If you cannot attend the event but you would still like to donate, please visit, or send a check payable to the Friends of Madame White Snake to 280 Lee Street, Brookline, MA 02445.
Thank you so much for all of your support throughout this process. I am really excited to begin this effort to at least make a small step to try to better the situation for girls in Kenya. Please RSVP with your number of guests by October 15th. I hope to see you all there!
Sincerely,
Marcie SimonPermanent link to this item
Bibliographic details
A WOMAN'S DEVOTION., Auckland Star, Volume XL, Issue 85, 10 April 1909
A WOMAN'S DEVOTION.
OFFER TO MARRY MAN WHO THREW VITRIOL. A gill who had been disfigured for life made a strong appeal for her assailant when I-,.- was brought up nt Nottingham Assizes
on Tuesday. February 23. Robert A«mnn. nineteen, a collier, was el,urged with throwing vitriol over Jauet Kendall on November IT.
The girl was in the service of Asman's mother at Mansfield, and the young fellow paid her great attention. When Kendall left her situation Asman, In a lit of Jealousy, threatened to shoot her.
They met again, however, later on, nnd Asman asked the girl for a kiss. When she refused he threw the contents of a bottle of vitriol in her face. The fluid missed her eyes, but it caused a noticeable disfigurement. Despite the injury, however, the girl had visited him in prison. She now pleaded hard for him, and the judge was informed that she was willing to marry him. "Women will forgive anything if their purpose is marriage, birt this Is a kind of courtship this court cannot recognise," Mr. Justice Channel! declared. He added, however, that it was a case lv which punishment might be modified, despite the serious nature of the offence, and sentenced Asman 'to eight months' imprisonment.
On leaving the dock, Asman, who was much affected, threw a kiss to the girl, who returned the salutation and was conducted from the court weeping hysterically.
A WOMAN'S DEVOTION.,- More
-
LOT #371 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
Montrachet. 1995 G. Amiot wrc Bottle (1). 1991 Marquis de Laguiche, J. Drouhin lbsl, nl, lvnt Bottle (1). ... (Total: 6 Btls. )Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
DescriptionMontrachet
1995 G. Amiot wrc Bottle (1)
1991 Marquis de Laguiche, J. Drouhin lbsl, nl, lvnt Bottle (1)
Batard Montrachet
1995 Ramonet 1nl Bottle (2)
1993 Sauzet lstl Bottle (1)
1995 Sauzet Bottle (1)Ashes to Ashes
Cedar Riverside People's Center
425 20th Avenue South
Minneapolis, MN
November 29, 2001 - December 8, 2001
A compelling look at how we perceive violence and atrocity in our own lives, Harold Pinter's 1996 work Ashes to Ashes has never been more relevant than it is today. This daring drama examines how our perceptions and understanding of the violence in the world effect our own lives.
Staring Muriel J. Bonertz and Mic Weinblatt, and directed by Josh Cragun, the play centers around a middle-aged couple, Rebecca (played by Bonertz) and Devlin (Weinblatt), and Rebecca's recollections of an abusive ex-lover. Spurred on by Devlin's need for a single truth, Rebecca discovers deeper perceptions about violence and how it effects the world.
A concise and brilliant work from a man who has been hailed as one of the greatest living playwrights, Ashes to Ashes has been hailed as a triumph of power, perception, and subtlety.Vision
Term Dates
Headmaster
Admissions
Recent Results
Policies
Vacancies
Letters
E-safety
Pupil Premium
Curriculum
Handbooks
Assessment
Revision Info
Reading Lists
Parental Guides
FirstClass
Parentpay
Year 11 Mock Examinations
Year 11 students are now sitting their mock GCSE examinations
until Friday 5th December 2014. To reflect the importance the school places on these assessments, all students are sitting their mock GCSEs in the hall to simulate as closely as possible the real examinations. We are aiming for students to encounter similar arrangements to those they will experience in the summer giving them opportunity to be prepared for the real examinations and to appreciate their significance.
In preparation for the Year 11 mock examinations a Study Skills day was arranged on the 6th of November 2014. All Year 11 students took part in an active and intensive workshop on revision techniques and study skills. The content of the workshop was based on scientific research into how the brain and memory retain and recall information. This was delivered to students by guest speakers and all classes were interactive, lively and fast paced.
Here are what some of the students had to say about the day.
"The most important strategies I learnt on this day included mnemonics, A-maps, and condensing. Mnemonics is a strategy that involves making a rhyme of sorts so that you memorise a sequence of words. A-maps involve taking information and arranging it into categories on a mind map so that it can be easily reviewed and condensing allows you to make your information much more manageable."
(Fabio Mari)
"I learnt how creating pathways through association can thoroughly help with revision. For example, assigning a fact to an object present in the exam hall (like a desk) subsequently creates a path for the brain to follow and allows you to recall the fact."
(Lorcan Canavan)
"I believe the study skills day was a great opportunity to learn different strategies to revise for our mocks. I enjoyed the fact that the study skills day was very hands on and we were able to work in groups and discuss various subjects as a whole class."
(Anna Gould)
Students were also given a booklet to plan their revision before the exams, which included plenty of ideas and tips on revision as well as useful websites.Advanced Math Placement – How it works
Realizing that student abilities in mathematics vary significantly within any grade level, Holy Cross offers advanced math placement for those students who qualify.
Placement is based on a composite of each student’s achievement, Iowa Basic Skills Test score, his or her previous classroom success, input of the previous year’s teacher, and, if necessary, their performance on the Saxon math placement test.
Consideration is given to the difficulty of the higher-level course in determining honor roll in the hope that students who qualify will choose to take the next level without jeopardizing their ability to be on the honor roll.25"Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes? Matthew 6:25 NLT.
How many of us have heard the above verse and related passages? How many of us read it and think, yes, I will apply this to my life, I need to and will no longer worry.
Then several hours later, there I am sitting down, furrowed brow, worrying about the kids, or something at Church, or money, or anything!
How difficult is it not to worry? Is it a female thing?
Recently our Church studied Philippians.
God gives us an answer of how to deal with worry here.
We are to pray and petition. We are to be thankful. And God will give us PEACE. Yes PEACE which guards our hearts and minds. If we believe these verses then surely it makes sense that these promises will be fulfilled..
I have a tendancy to worry, too, and I always have to remind myself that God is in control... "Do your best and let God do the rest."
He is always faithful! :o)
xoxoBy Matt Ledger
A year after high school, five classmates from Clarendon, Arkansas, formulated a simple plan on a Saturday night in 1958. “On Monday morning, let’s go to the bus station, go to Little Rock and join the Army,” Ardmore’s Ken Crosson recalls. “So five of us went. Four joined the Army, and the other guy joined the Air Force.”
Crosson, as well as other veterans, learned a lesson from military service: Never leave a buddy behind. It’s a creed that continues to shape their civilian lives.
In 1998, the Ardmore Veterans Group began with a half-dozen members who sought a program to honor the service and sacrifice of area veterans. “We wanted to give honor to those who are still serving and to remember those who have passed on,” says Crosson, the group’s president.
The organization received nonprofit status and teamed up with the Ardmore Chamber of Commerce. “Back in those days, our main focus was helping the widows and orphans of veterans,” he says. “Then, we decided to do a memorial walk.”
The veterans started a long-term memorial project, creating 15 to 20 engraved pavers in the first year. Both the project and the organization have grown, adding present-day veterans who have served during conflicts in the Middle East. The 45-member group is not limited to those who live in the city, but includes those living in Giles, Limestone and Madison counties. “Ken Crosson is the driving force behind everything we do,” says Jack Watson, secretary of the Ardmore Veterans Group.
Local Missions
The group hosts three annual events as fundraisers, including a tractor pull in the spring, a chicken stew luncheon in January and a pancake breakfast in March. The proceeds allow the occasional purchase of flags for public events and three annual scholarships. Following the military creed of ‘never leave a buddy behind,’ the group assists area veterans in need, providing a lift chair for an older, disabled veteran and offering support to the widows of other veterans who have passed on.
Earlier this year, Gulf War veteran Ken Chancey helped Crosson remove each of the 375 pavers, which Ken pressure washed in his spare time. It’s a mission to revamp and expand the existing memorial site, honoring both living and deceased veterans. City officials helped by providing crews to clear out overgrown shrubs and by donating a new concrete pad. Many local organizations have donated to the project as well. The sacred site also has water fountain plaques for the Air Force, Army, Navy, Marines and Coast Guard.
The veterans placed three new flag poles at the location. The center flag is the ultimate patriotic symbol that once graced their uniforms. The other two are the Tennessee and Alabama flags, precisely placed on the state line. “It’s a pretty site, and I know that the community enjoys and respects it for what it is,” Crosson says. The bricks include the names of eight veterans killed in action and three who were held as prisoners of war. Each year, the group organizes a Veterans Day program at the memorial site, followed by a luncheon.
Personnel Pride
Marines have often been called “the few and the proud,” a slogan that could easily apply to the small group of patriots that make up the Ardmore Veterans Group. Here are just a few of their stories:
- The late Gordon C. Davis served in the infantry during WWII. He was captured by the Japanese, survived several diseases and the “Bataan Death March,” and spent nearly four years as a prisoner of war in Osaka, Japan. He weighed 85 pounds when released after the war. Davis met a church volunteer named Margaret during his years of recovery at Walter Reed Hospital. She was part of a group that visited with soldiers weekly. “We’d get cakes for their birthdays and take little treats out there,” Margaret recalls. “My pastor suggested it, but I guess I talked to one of them too long, but he was a good one.” It was love at first sight, and the two married in Davis’ hospital room in 1947.
- Gordon Mitchell retired from the Air Force after a career in weapons loading. He placed bombs and munitions on a variety of planes. He served over a year in Vietnam before completing 20 years of service in 1976. “I was really proud of the Air Force, and if they called me back today I would go,” Mitchell says.
- Deborah Verbeek served in the U.S. Army as an emergency room nurse in a Denver-based military hospital. “We treated a lot of soldiers coming home from Vietnam,” Verbeek says. She’s still cares for patients as a nurse-practitioner.
- Jack Watson joined the U.S. Navy in 1979 as an electrician and spent half his career aboard ships. On his first wedding anniversary, he called his wife from Bahrain during Operation Desert Storm. He later retired in 2000. “It gives you a love for this country,” Watson says. “I’ve been to 34 countries and there is no place better than the U.S. That’s for sure.”
- Kenneth Camp was a heavy machine gunner with the U.S. Marines from 1956 to 1958, spending nine months in the Mediterranean Sea attached to the Sixth Fleet. “Being a Marine gets in your blood, and I think it’s one of the greatest units that we’ve got in our Armed Forces.”
- Oddie Dugger joined the U.S. Army in 1952 as a combat engineer, but found himself on a troop ship for 30 days heading toward Korea. “It wasn’t fun, but we made it,” he says. Dugger spent 17 months ‘in country’ and was involved in the post-war prisoner exchange.
- Ken Crosson retired from the U.S. Army after two tours in Vietnam. His last post was the Redstone Arsenal. He became one of the founding members of the Ardmore Veterans Group and spent the past 20 years as a council member. “I stay busy doing all of that, and it makes me feel like I am still serving,” Crosson says.
- Area vets search for familiar names as they get a first glimpse of the renovated memorial site in August.
- Several members of the Ardmore Veterans Group.
(Founding members include Woody Stuart, Deborah Verbeek, Ken Crosson, David Foster, Bill Norman, Oddie Dugger, Dan Taylor and Doc Oliver.)FDA Committee Punts on Question of Biotech Fish.
“The FDA is relying on company data from only a handful of fish,” said Wenonah Hauter, executive director of Food and Water Watch [and a member of the committee]. “Such flimsy science isn’t good enough to assure the public that this product is safe to eat.” [ABC News]]
The AquaAdvantage salmon was created by adding two genes: an alternate version of the salmon’s growth hormone, taken from its cousin the Chinook salmon, which allows them to grow muscle faster; and a gene regulator from the ocean pout, which allows them to continue growing muscle even under cold conditions.
Some committee members are worried that the fish will escape and disrupt the natural ecosystem. AquaBounty is currently growing only sterile female fish in inland tanks, but the FDA panel worried about what might happen when many facilities are growing the fish, which would be harder to monitor.
The committee’s second main worry stems from a small study of the GM fish’s allergenic properties, where researchers found that there was a slight, though not statistically significant, increase in the fish’s allergenic potential. Only six of the AquAdvantage fish were tested and it was not clear how much of an increase is meaningful.
Kevin Wells, an assistant professor at the University of Missouri and a committee member, said he doubted the fish would cause extra allergies. “The salmon contains nothing that isn’t in the human diet,” he said. [New York Times]
While the committee is asking for more information, AquaBounty says the company has provided more than enough info for the panel to make their decision.
Ron Stotish, the CEO of AquaBounty Technologies, said after the hearing that the committee misinterpreted much of the data and got confused by the “enormous” amount of data presented to them during the hearing, which lasted more than eight hours. [ABC News]
The FDA is still accepting public comment on AquaBounty’s application, and it has not set a timeline for when it will decide the fish’s fate.
Source: FDA Committee Punts on Question of Biotech Fish
Related Articles:Nor on to screeded surfaces. It is sold as a kit containing all the elements necessary to achieve a successful bond, including a primer, moisture suppressant and gritted primer.
Used together, the system allows for fast track tile installation without detracting from the overall screed strength. It also avoids the need for a special tile to gypsum adhesive, which is normally required for tiling on to anhydrite screeds to prevent the tiles from debonding.
Pro Gyp-Base Fast Track Sealer can be used on either heated or unheated anhydrite screeds. A 15kg kit contains everything required to prepare and seal approximately a 25m² area. In an ambient temperature of 20°C, drying times are down to two hours for the first primer coat and 24 hours for the second primer coat. The moisture suppressant and gritted primer require a total of three hours drying time before tiling commences. Screeds need to be a minimum of seven days old and have a maximum relative humidity of 95 per cent.
After drying, tiles may be fixed with the new Norcros Pro Gyp-Base Adhesive. This is a white cement-based, flexible, fibre-reinforced, thin bed cementitious adhesive specially formulated for fixing fully vitrified porcelain, ceramic and stone tiles to Norcros Pro Gyp-Base Fast Track Anhydrite Screed Sealer. It has a setting time of three hours at 20°C permitting early trafficking of the tiled installation. The adhesive has excellent thermal ageing properties making it suitable for use on heated floors. It is sold in a 20kg pack.
Mandy Searle, technical services at Norcros Adhesives says:
“This new system from Norcros Adhesives is designed to tackle one of the key issues associated with the increasingly popular anhydrite screeds, namely extended drying times, which can be up to 80 days for a 60mm screed. This new system solution from Norcros Adhesives should prove a real benefit on-site for flooring contractors and tile fixers.”
01782 524140Xproctor
Xproctor is an independent authentication system used for educational purposes for on-line students. Xproctor is an electronic proctoring solution that combats academic dishonesty by authenticating the student in an on-line environment. Our authentication services include verifying the student’s identity and continued personal participation via facial recognition, video, sound, and photographic methods. Our proctoring and authentication solutions provide an audit trail that is compliant with most accreditation principles and procedures, making it easy to provide evidence of verifiable exam proctoring when the need arises.
Using Xproctor ensures the integrity of the exam for your institution while still allowing your students the flexibility they need with an online solution. By authenticating users for on-line education purposes, you increase the quality of their education as well as make sure your institution is providing the best service possible for your students. On-line learning has become more and more prevalent in our society, creating a need for proctoring you can trust partnered with student authentication.
Xproctor solutions are affordable and user friendly. Our patent pending technology requires students to sign in to the system and consent to being recorded. The institution can pre-configure settings to capture what they are concerned about during the exam. The system will take screenshots, read highlighted text out loud, capture unprompted audio, take user photos, and more. If desired, Xproctor can even compare the photo taken during the exam to the institution’s stored photo of the student to verify identity of the person taking the exam ().
What is Xproctor and how it works
Hardware/Software Requirements
Download Xproctor
Use the following link from any browser to download Xproctor for PC or Mac. Remember to download Adobe Air first from the same link below:
Update Profile
Run Xproctor.
For PC: Run it from your desktop or “Start” menu.
For Mac: Go to Finder -> Applications -> Xproctor.
Xproctor’s window will open, and after few seconds the word “connected!” will appear in blue. Then enter your credentials as follows:
Proctor ID: Your student ID
Password: The first four letters of your last name plus the last four numbers of your student ID. For example if your student ID is 123445678 and your name is Mike Smith, then your password should be smit5678
Select School: From the drop menu select “Midway University”
Leave “Group” and “SubGroup” fields blank and press the “Login” button
You will be presented with an Accept Agreement Window which has two buttons. Please select the “Update Profile” button. A window will be displayed where you can change your password and upload your photo. You must upload a photo.
Change your password by typing a new password into the field. Retype it for confirmation, then press “Submit”. You should see a small window indicating “Update succeeded”.
Next, press anywhere on the silhouette to upload your photo. Then Press “Done”.
You will be returned to the Accept Agreement Window. Please close the window; you are finished updating your profile.
Taking photo for Xproctor profile
How to use the webcam on a PC/Mac
All laptops have integrated webcam that can be utilized to take a photo. All operating system windows 7,8,10, and Mac OS have a utility to run the webcam where you can take a photo and save it on your desktop. If for some reason you do not have the webcam utility, you may download one from
Taking a profile picture
Do’s and Don’ts when taking photo:
1. Do not take a photo with a cap or a hat
2. Do not take a photo with sun glasses
3. Do not take a photo in dark area
4. Do not take a photo with another person
5. Do not take a photo tool close
6. You should be between 24-30″ away from the webcam
7. Do take a photo centered
Lighting and position are important to consider when taking your profile picture. The following are examples of bad and good photos:Supplier Homepage Product Router Bit Diamond Router Bits for Edge Profiling
Diamond Router Bits for Edge Profiling
Request a custom order and have something just for you!Send Customized Request
Basic Info
- Model NO.: Z
- Cross-Sectional Shape: Rectangular
- Type: Abrasive Block
- Trademark: JDK
- Specification: CE SGS ISO
- HS Code: 82079010
- Abrasive: Diamond
- Shape: Cup
- Bonding Agent: Diamond
- Transport Package: White Box
- Origin: China
Product Description
Diamond Router Bits for Profiling Different Stone Edges
Application: Granite, marble and engineered stone.
Cutting different shape for kitchen tops, table tops and counter tops, used on different portable edge-profile machines
AvailableSign the Guestbook
The David Wood Guestbook
Thanks for visiting my website. Please leave your comments...
Total Entries:
100
Entries Viewed Per Page:
20
1
2
[3]
4
5
Name
60)
Vanessa Gebbie
Location:
Lewes, East Sussex
Monday, 16 March 2015 15:39
Dear David Wood
Firstly, thank you for the enormous joy you have given to generations. I took my son, (now mid 30s) to see The Gingerbread Man in London, when he was about 5/6 and we all loved it. We bought the tape of the songs at the theatre - and it was a favourite for long journeys for years. We were all word perfect!
I now have a granddaughter, and have made sure she knows the story. I have also been looking without success, to find those songs, on CD. I did find a cartoon video, and bought it with much excitement - she loves it - but where are those wonderful, brilliant songs?
I'd be so grateful if you could help.
with best wishes
Vanessa G
David Wood
Tuesday, 17 March 2015 09:57
Thanks, Vanessa, for your message. Delighted to hear that THE GINGERBREAD MAN is fondly remembered by you and your family!
The cassette of the songs, with Bernard Cribbins doing the narration, is still available. I will send you a separate e-mail giving details of how to buy it.
I quite understand that you might not have the facility to play a cassette any more! Sadly, it has not been possible to produce a CD version for various copyright reasons.
However, you can hear all the songs on my website. Go into the SIGHTS & SOUNDS section, click on THE GINGERBREAD MAN and off you go!
All good wishes.
David
59)
Helen Dootson
Location:
Worthing, West Sussex
Tuesday, 10 March 2015 21:40
I have just found myself singing the theme to The Plotters of Cabbage Patch Corner this evening. As I only saw this once, as a small child in the early 70s in Twickenham, I thought you might like to know what an amazing impression it obviously made. I loved the performance, and I also remember you in the audience with us (I may well be mistaken). Anyway, thank you for such an abiding memory
David Wood
Thursday, 12 March 2015 10:58
Thanks, Helen, for your lovely message! Delighted that PLOTTERS made an impression on you! This play means a lot to me, because it was the first original, as opposed to adapted, children's play I wrote. The first production was at the Swan Theatre, Worcester in 1970. Alison Steadman played Greenfly. The play was directed by Mick Hughes, who later became one of the country's finest lighting designers. He was a pretty good director, too! The following year, the play was presented at the Shaw Theatre, London for a Christmas season, directed by Jonathan Lynn, who later found fame as the co-writer of YES MINISTER. Julia McKenzie played Ladybird. In 1979, PLOTTERS became the first ever touring production of Whirligig Theatre, the children's theatre company I co-ran for 25 years. The play is still performed quite a lot in schools and by amateur groups. It is done quite a bit in Germany, too, because it has a green theme, which they rather like!
Thank you for bringing back all sorts of memories!
All good wishes.
David
58)
Leigh Benton
Location:
Stalybridge
Saturday, 21 February 2015 18:57
Dear David, I've just discovered your website! I played Professor Paperback in our Primary School production in 1978!! I wanted to know what inspired you to write the themes in this fascinating play?? I so enjoyed being in this play as it gave me the opportunity of feeling part of a wonderful, exciting & moving story ! Thank you so much for bringing imagination in to the lives of children. All the best Leigh.
David Wood
Tuesday, 24 February 2015 09:52
Thank you, Leigh, for your kind message. Delighted to hear that you are a former Professor Paperback! THE PAPERTOWN PAPERCHASE was one of the plays I wrote for the Swan Theatre, Worcester, which was where I worked as an actor in repertory and also got my first chance to write plays for children.
The original spark came when I was on holiday in Menorca. Across the valley was a restaurant called the SALAMANDER. The sign was visible from the villa! It made me curious to find out more about the creature that apparently could live in fire!
The idea developed into an imagined conflict between the Land of Fire and the Land of Paper. Two opposites. The idea of a town made of paper and populated by paper people soon followed!
I suppose that the storyline was partly influenced by BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. The Salamander kidnaps Tishoo, rather like the Beast keeps Beauty prisoner.
The original production at Worcester was directed by the splendid Giles Block, whose recent book about acting in Shakespeare was shortlisted for a theatre book award presented by the Society for Theatre Research.
Some years after the Worcester production I had the opportunity to direct the play myself for Whirligig Theatre, my own touring children’s theatre company. I did a bit of re-writing, slightly simplifying the action, which originally had switched back and forth between the two worlds rather too much, I fancy! Samuel French, the publishers, kindly republished the revised version, which is the one that is still occasionally performed – though not as often as I would like!
All good wishes, and thank you for taking the trouble to write.
Best wishes.
David
57)
Jade King
Location:
Worcetsre, United Kingdom
Monday, 24 November 2014 11:23
David,
I am writing to say thank you for coming to our university for you talk on children's theatre was very inspiring as a writer I never really knew how challenging it was to write for children until I heard and read your tales and stories. I also very much appreciated you acting class as well, and I will be using your techniques in everything that I do. Thank you so much again.
David Wood
Tuesday, 25 November 2014 13:08
Thanks for your message, Jade. Very pleased that you felt my visit was valuable! I always enjoy coming to Worcester. The students are always willing and enthusiastic! All good wishes for the future! Best wishes. David
56)
Rhianne Shipham
Location:
London, England
Sunday, 9 November 2014 23:48
Dear Mr Wood,
Its a pleasure to be sending you this message.
When I was younger I always watched The Gingerbread Man on TV. It was my favorite thing to do I could just sit there and watch the same one all day. For the past few years people have been asking me which TV shows I watched as a young child and I've always told them, there was this one show about a gingerbread man and an evil teabag but no-ones ever knew what I meant. Now after 10 years I've found what I've been looking for and I've come to say thank you.
Thank you for giving me my childhood in the best and safest way possible.
lots of love,
Rhianne
David Wood
Monday, 10 November 2014 14:35
Thanks, Rhianne, for your very rewarding message! So pleased that you enjoyed watching THE GINGERBREAD MAN. As you may know, all the episodes are available on DVD now.
The aim was always to make more episodes, but sadly the company that made them was taken over by another company that decided not to go ahead!
Although my version of THE GINGERBREAD MAN story started off as a play and then became a book, I always wanted it to become an animation series, so it was very exciting to watch it being made. Not only that, I was allowed to be the voice of the Gingerbread Man too!
All good wishes.
David
55)
Ian Gent
Location:
United Kingdom
Tuesday, 14 October 2014 21:41
Hi David
We just watched "The Queen's Handbag" again and many thanks for such a great show.
It was better than we remembered it and we thought it was really good at the time. It was lovely to see it because my daughter who was 7 at the time was reminded of it, and my daughter who was 2 obviously didn't remember it at all.
For a while after the original we used to play a game of making up stories without baddies to match the brilliant line "Oh what a lot of of lovely dalmations. The End"
I'm also pleased to say that in the last year or so we saw BFG at Dundee Rep and Illyria's production of George's Marvellous Medicine!
We remain huge David Wood fans in this family!
Ian
David Wood
Thursday, 16 October 2014 09:55
Thanks, Ian, for your very kind message.
THE QUEEN'S HANDBAG took up seven months of my life, and wasn't easy ...! But I wouldn't have missed it for the world! Very glad that you and the family enjoyed it. Maybe I should watch it again!
The original intention had been for the play to be released in aid of charity as a DVD. Sadly, various copyright problems prevented this.
Delighted, too, that you saw THE BFG at Dundee. This coming Christmas Dundee Rep are doing my adaptation of JAMES AND THE GIANT PEACH. Hope you can see that, too.
Another production of THE BFG will be at the Lyceum, Edinburgh.
Thanks for your interest and generous words!
All good wishes to you and your family.
David
54)
James Gill
Location:
Teddington
Monday, 29 September 2014 20:35
Dear David,
I recently watched If... Again, and as someone sent to a boarding school was quite moved by it when I watched it back then too.
Thanks for a great performance.
Best Regards
James
David Wood
Thursday, 2 October 2014 10:48
Thanks, James for your message. Glad to hear that IF.... still 'works' for you! I hear that the Blu-ray edition came out recently! Sobering to think we made it over 45 years ago!
Best wishes.
David
53)
Luke Thompson
Location:
UK
Sunday, 28 September 2014 18:33
Hey David.
I was wondering if your 'Georges marvellous medicine' script is available for purchase anywhere?
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 12:09
Thanks for your message, Luke. The script of my adaptation of Roald Dahl's GEORGE'S MARVELLOUS MEDICINE is published by Samuel French Ltd., who also licence amateur productions. The contact details for Samuel French are: [
] e-mail:theatre@samuelfrench-london.co.uk, address: 52 Fitzroy Street, London,W1T 7JR , tel: 020 7387 9373.
Samuel French, I am pleased to say, publish all seven of my Roald Dahl adaptations, and will soon be publishing the most recent - THE MAGIC FINGER.
All good wishes.
David
52)
Dawn Phillips
Location:
United Kingdom
Saturday, 27 September 2014 13:52
Dear David Wood,
Having spent many hours of enjoyment reading and re-reading The Toy Cupboard to my children and my childminded children. I desperately wanted to by a copy each for my young niece and nephew only to discover that it is now out of print. I am greatly saddened by this and only wish it was still being printed as it is such a fantastic book.
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 11:18
Thanks, Dawn for your message. I was delighted to hear that you and your children enjoyed THE TOY CUPBOARD. Like you, I was very disappointed to find that it went out of print not long after publication. This was partly because the publisher was absorbed into another company, for whom the children's book list was not high priority.
Occasionally copies pop up (excuse the pun) on Amazon or Ebay or Abe Books, but they tend to be very expensive. Not only that, if they are second-hand copies, they tend to have bits missing, like a little jigsaw or the magic trick.
I wish I could tell you that I had a secret store of spare copies of THE TOY CUPBOARD, but, alas, I don't. Richard Fowler, with whom I created the book, and I have tried occasionally to interest other publishers in taking on the task of re-releasing the book, but so far I'm afraid we have failed.
All good wishes.
David
51)
David Chaudoir
Location:
Berkshire
Sunday, 31 August 2014 12:18
Hi David
If.... again.
I watched the film for the umpteenth time again last night. Aside from the revolutionary aspect it also has an enormous sense of fun. Was it fun to film it? Also was the pretend swordfight in Cheltenham filmed infront of passersby without them knowing what was going on? I hope you are not bored with questions about this film as I know it was over forty years ago now.
Regards
David
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 13:01
Thanks for your message, David. I never get bored with answering questions about IF.... Quite apart from the fact that it was a huge milestone in my acting career, it was a very memorable and extraordinary experience. I'm hoping to write down my IF.... memories before long, because people seem interested in recollections from everybody connected with the film.
We had a lot of fun filming it. Malcolm, Richard and I several times got into trouble on set for finding things TOO funny. Arthur Lowe was so funny as the House Master in the 'welcome back to school' speech that the three of us couldn't stop laughing. Lindsay Anderson dismissed us from the set while he was filming Arthur's close-ups! We also found it extremely hard not to laugh as Geoffrey Chater, as the Chaplain rose in a dignified manner from the drawer in the Headmaster's office. That scene was filmed in a palatial building in Knightsbridge. At lunchtime, Malcolm, Richard and I were allowed 'out' in our school uniforms. We escaped to WAY-IN, the trendy clothes department on the top floor of Harrods, where I think we probably behaved rather badly!
The pretend fight in Cheltenham was indeed filmed without them knowing what was going on. Having said that, as soon as the crew set up the camera on one side of the street, some people, realising something was happening, stood behind or alongside the camera. But, on the other side of the road, where we were instructed to walk and then suddenly have a tiff, followed by a mock confrontation, nobody was aware of the filming. The elderly lady who comes up to us at the end of the scene was, to be the best of my knowledge, an innocent member of the public! There were rumours that she was, in fact, an extra, employed without Malcolm and me knowing. I'm still not sure about that! What I can tell you is that during the filming of the scene, when Malcolm was on top of me on the pavement, there was a screech of brakes. A lorry stopped, blocking the view of the camera, an irate, public-spirited driver climbed down, wielding a hammer (really!) and approached us, shouting at Malcolm to stop assaulting me. For a moment or two, thinking this might be being filmed and that Lindsay would want us to continue acting, Malcolm started shouting at the man that I had insulted him and deserved the punishment he was giving me! But we both very soon realised that the man was in absolute earnest, and had to stop performing! An assistant ran up and told my 'rescuer' that we were filming, and he stomped off, rather cross and a little red-faced, as the crowd on the pavement opposite cheered and clapped ...
If you look very carefully at the scene, or if you play it in slow motion, you will see that as I fall to the pavement, I split my trousers from the top of the crotch down to the knee. A large expanse of thigh is visible for perhaps half a second! This happened on the very first take, and for all the subsequent takes, camera tape was used to seal the join until the trousers could be repaired by the wardrobe department!
Thanks for getting in touch.
All good wishes.
David
50)
dot wooder
Wednesday, 13 August 2014 10:27
Hello David You probably don't remember me - 100 years ago - Unicorn Theatre. Hope you are well. Am looking for either a pantomime sub. or play to do for the children in my village. Is it possible to use one of your plays and how much would it cost. Probably it will vary - Anyway lovely to contact you even if it's not possible. Love Dot Wooder
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 12:20
Dear Dot,
Lovely to hear from you! Do hope you are well! Every time I pass the Arts Theatre I think back to the five productions of MEG AND MOG SHOW we did! Your publicity skills helped the show do really well over the years. I loved adapting it from the books by Helen Nicol and Jan Pienkowski, and directing it too. Happy days!
Hopefully you have looked at the list of plays on the website. Virtually all of them are available for amateur performance, via Samuel French Ltd., who not only publish the plays, but license performances too. The performing fees vary a little, but are very fair, I think!
You will see that I wrote several pantomime substitutes, with the familiar titles. I think my favourite is MOTHER GOOSE'S GOLDEN CHRISTMAS, which actually doesn't feature the tradition MOTHER GOOSE story at all! Something that already has a number of children in the cast is BABE, THE SHEEP-PIG. Also FANTASTIC MR FOX. Another one that schools or drama groups often perform is THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT WENT TO SEE....
Do feel free to get in touch for a chat and more suggestions, if you want them!
All good wishes.
David
49)
George Mahoney
Location:
Croydon
Thursday, 31 July 2014 03:33
Hi David,
Glad to see you are doing so well. I have long been a fan and in my opinion one of your best acting performances was as Thompson in Aces High. The film is a personal favourite of mine and aside from being a source of great enjoyment for those of us who are aviation enthusiasts, it really captures the tragedy and sacrifice that faced pilots in the First World War. Particularly poignant being the centenary year of the conflict.
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 12:56
Thanks, George, for your kind message. So pleased that you are a fan of ACES HIGH. We had a lot of fun filming it, mainly at Booker Airfield, near High Wycombe. It was a pleasure to be reunited with Malcolm McDowell, with whom I had acted in IF.... seven years earlier. Jack Gold, the director, is a very friendly, encouraging and astute director, for whom we all wanted to do our very best! I had worked for him before in an excellent BBC play called MAD JACK, all about Siegfried Sassoon. It went out in the Wednesday play slot, I think. Michael Jayston was brilliant as Sassoon. I played my usual role, the best friend! Quite a lot of ACES HIGH was filmed on location in and around Weymouth. That was where I nearly came to grief. The horse I was riding took off, galloping hard with me hanging on the mane, until a tree stopped its progress, allowing me to slip off the back, over the tail, somewhat shaken! I was immediately asked to go back on the horse and do the scene again! It was all my own fault. At the audition, when asked if I could ride, I confidently replied 'yes'. Totally untrue. But I got the part ... In the two or three weeks before filming started, I had a few riding lessons, but was pretty hopeless ... when we started shooting the scene, it became patently obvious that I couldn't ride, but bless him, Jack Gold never got angry. He was patience itself. But I did feel guilty when, a couple of weeks after filming stopped, I was suddenly summoned to Weymouth to do the scene yet again. The whole crew had been re-assembled specially. I dreaded meeting the horse again - he was called Paddy Punch, and was a real horse, not a film-trained horse. His owner told me with great pride that he didn't get taken out from the stables too much these days, and really enjoyed taking off at speed ... - Anyway, I arrived on the location with Michael Jayston, ready to film the brief conversation he and I had to have before riding off in opposite directions. Michael, I hasten to say, was a skilful horseman. To my surprise - and relief - no horses greeted us. Instead, I was hoisted up onto Jack Gold's shoulders. Michael sat on somebody else's shoulders. They jogged around. The camera got what it wanted, and we all went home!
No horse riding in ACES HIGH. Only flying aeroplanes! At the royal premiere of the film, the Queen asked me if we had actually flown the planes. I had to point out that insurance wouldn't allow that! We did get to climb in and out of the cockpit quite a lot. And in the close ups during the battle scenes, I nearly lost an eyebrow, when a flame thrower was pointed at the slightly wrong angle!
Thank you, George, for bringing back some happy memories!
Best wishes.
David
48)
Sarah
Location:
Aldershot, Hants
Thursday, 10 July 2014 22:12
At 40 years of age, I have just been discussing with my 10 year old the amazing impact watching the Selfish Shellfish in Farnham ,when I was her age, had on me. I truly believe it made me environmentally aware and prompted an enthusiasm for nature and wildlife which has continued to this day and which I share with my daughter. We spend much time out and about enjoying nature and she is crazy about all kinds of wildlife, the environment and very cross about pollution. I just wanted to share with you how this amazing play I saw when I was 10 is still having a roll on effect to the next generation.
David Wood
Tuesday, 30 September 2014 13:22
Dear Sarah,
Thanks so much for your message. I was delighted to be reminded about THE SELFISH SHELLFISH, which was the first of several 'environmentally aware' plays I wrote. You saw the very first production at the Redgrave Theatre, Farnham, whose Artistic Director, Stephen Barry, had kindly commissioned it.
It really is rewarding to hear that the play had such an effect on you. And it is great to hear that your daughter loves wildlife too and cares so much about the planet.
After the Farnham production, I directed the play myself for Whirligig Theatre, my touring children's theatre company, and we took the play all over the UK and to London, to Sadler's Wells Theatre. I still think it is one of the best productions we did. I think the character of the Great Slick, the villainous oil slick, gave nightmares to lots of children! I'm quite proud of that, to be honest! I think it did indeed disturb children a bit, which made them think about the plight of the rockpool creatures!
The main song in the play was called WHEN WILL WE LEARN? It was a song asking when we human beings would learn that we were spoiling our home by not caring enough about the creatures that live alongside us. FRIENDS OF THE EARTH found the song and ended up using it as their anthem for a few years. And still I hear of schools singing the song at festivals, which is very pleasing.
I have to admit that the main impetus for the play didn't come from my own passionate evangelism for the environment! One day I though how theatrically effective it would be to have a character walk on stage wearing a cloak, which was so big it covered the entire stage! I thought about what this character might be. I imagined the undulating folds of material stretching out across the stage and imagined an oil slick riding on the waves of the ocean ... this image led to the play, rather than an overt environmental message I wanted to promote! But the more I researched the effect an oil slick has on creatures and landscape, the more annoyed I felt about the transport of oil in tankers across the sea - a human folly that led to so much pollution and destruction.
Thank you so much for writing.
All good wishes.
David
47)
Simon Leadbeater
Location:
Harpenden, UK
Wednesday, 11 June 2014 13:01
Dear David,
Last Sunday, at the Civic Service, Crabtree Junior School performed 'When will we learn.' I just loved it, and as a councillor on the environment committee so relevant, and I would love to know the lyrics. But I cannot find them anywhere.
Would you mind please letting me have a copy of the lyrics - just for my personal use. Thank you.
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 14:31
Dear Simon,
Thanks for your message. Apologies for the delay.
So pleased that you like the song WHEN WILL WE LEARN? It comes from my play THE SELFISH SHELLFISH which is all about creatures living in a rock pool, threatened by the advance of an oil slick.
I will send you the words as requested!
All good wishes.
David
46)
Jack Finlay
Location:
Scotland
Sunday, 1 June 2014 17:21
Hello! I was just wondering if you could answer this question for a Children's Theatre portfolio I am writing:
''When you put on a show, what is it you personally strive to achieve?''
I understand this is a very broad question and I can imagine you would have many answers, but if you happen to find a little time to answer, I would be exceptionally grateful,
many thanks, Jack
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 15:38
Dear Jack,
Thanks for your message. Apologies for delay.
My aim, when writing a play for children, directing it or producing it, is to engage and entertain the audience, many of whom may never have been to the theatre before. I want them to come again, so I want to make them laugh, maybe make them cry, make them think, trigger their imaginations and give them an exciting experience, by telling a ripping story in an unpatronising, theatrical way.
All good wishes.
David
45)
Larae
Location:
Saarlouis
Thursday, 22 May 2014 19:45
I love this site - its so usefull and helpfull.
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 15:43
Thanks, Larae, for your message. Apologies for the delay.
So pleased that you have found my website helpful.
Best wishes.
David
44)
Keith Jamison
Location:
Belfast, U.K.
Monday, 12 May 2014 00:34
David, I remember you fondly from my childhood. You always immersed yourself in a story and brought all aspects of it to life by firing my imagination. I'm 48 now, but I credit my own imagination to the wonderful television presenters such as yourself, who really engaged with their audience.
I'm so glad to see that you are still firing the imaginations of new generations of children.
Long may you continue!
Best wishes,
Keith
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 15:50
Thanks, Keith, for your kind message. Apologies for the delay.
My television presenting days were a life time ago! But I remember them with great affection. And I am still in touch with many of my co-presenters.
Although I loved performing on television, my real home has always been the theatre, where I am thankful and privileged to still keep myself extremely busy!
All good wishes.
David
43)
Palma
Location:
Delft
Friday, 9 May 2014 08:59
Thanks a bunch! It a astonishing webpage!
David Wood
Tuesday, 15 July 2014 11:40
Thanks, Palma for your message. Apologies for the delay.
So pleased that you like this website.
Best wishes.
David
42)
kenechi
Location:
London
Wednesday, 30 April 2014 16:27
HI David,
I am a writer with great interest in writing children's stories. I am currently writing a children's story, with an African setting. This story has got lots of songs and as such I hope to turn it into a musical to the delight of every child.
But my question is, 'How can I create an interesting story of this manner and turn it into an unforgettable experience for every child on the stage?
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 15:58
Thanks, Kenechi. Apologies for the delay.
Your idea sounds interesting. I hope that you do indeed turn your story into a musical play.
I think you need to see lots of plays and read lots of plays for children, in order to get a feel for the technique.
Also, can I recommend you to my book THEATRE FOR CHILDREN: GUIDE TO WRITING, ADAPTING, DIRECTING AND ACTING? It is published by Faber. You can buy copies on Amazon or, if you look in the MY BOOKS section of this website, you can find out how to buy it from me!
The book hopefully gives you a lot of ideas and advice.
Lots of luck with your project!
All good wishes.
David
41)
Darren Rutter
Location:
Bristol
Sunday, 27 April 2014 00:40
Dear David, I do hope you can help me. I grew up in Wandsworth, London and attended Allfarthing Primary School between 1974-1980. I've recently been reminiscing about my time at the school and a recent visit to Abbey Road studios jogged my memory of going to the studios to do some recordings. By chance I came across your website and noticed a post where you helped a member of the choir by supplying her with a recording made at Abbey Road. I was wondering if you still had a copy and any other information you would be willing to share? I look forward to hearing from you.
Kind regards, Darren Rutter
David Wood
Monday, 14 July 2014 16:03
Thanks, Darren, for your message. Apologies for the delay.
Delighted to hear from one of the choir directed by the wonderful Mrs Pat Quarmby! We had an exciting time at Abbey Road producing THE DAVID WOOD SONGBOOK.
I will send you an e-mail to help you find a copy of the recording!
Best wishes.
David
1
2
[3]
4
5
AdministrationThis week was a great week of trying new things and experiencing new things and feeling new things, such as:
+ one of the less-active families that we found living in our area has a lot of fruit trees, which means that whenever we go to visit them they send us home with bunches of bananas or coconut jello (I'm pretty sure that is what they sent us home with the last time — still trying to figure that out). This week they introduced us to coconut juice, straight from their coconut tree. We got to watch the whole process, and even though Hna Huerta had to choke down their generous offering of pure coconut juice, it was totally worth it for the experience.
+ every Thursday we eat lunch with la Familia Espinosa — they are our favorites and so hilarious and have a son that should be a character in a novel. This time they fed us a shrimp soup, and so I now know how to eat a shrimp — shell and all.
+ this week we had our first Zone Conference, and our new Zone leader is literally the main character from Slumdog Millionaire (only a South American version of him), meaning that he is super great and perhaps the greatest thing that has happened to our Zone in a long time. Needless to say, we have good leaders.
+ we experienced our first real rainstorm in the Yucatan, and since our phones have limited capacities and can't tell us the weather forecast, we left all our windows open the whole day and returned to a (slightly) flooded house. It was made all the worse when after entering my room, I found not one but two scorpions living on our walls. It was horrible. After (maybe) screaming and running into the other room (and maybe slipping on our wet floors), we called our district leader (because all our leaders are super great) to find out how exactly we were supposed to exterminate them. He gave us two options: throwing either a shoe or basketball (his final advice: just like, don't let them touch you), but since we didn't have a basketball handy and lacked the courage to go with the shoe option, we decided to call one of the members. Needless to say, we now have two scorpions less in our house, and an acquired knowledge of how to kill them using only the wood end of a broom.
+ on Friday, Hno. Rene was baptized (!!). Even though his mom and brother couldn't be baptized the same day, everything was perfect and I have never been so happy to see one of God's children choose to follow Him so willingly and so wholly. He is perhaps the definition of a golden investigator. He already has a ten year plan which includes a mission and studying at BYU, he reads the Book of Mormon almost daily and shares everything that he learns every night with his family when they gather for family dinner, he has reactivated one of the less active young men in our ward (before his baptism), and he chose to be baptized on the day of his thirteenth birthday. He chose to be baptized on his birthday because he really believed that by his baptism, he would be born again. He really believed that this first and new covenant with God would allow him to begin again, to become a new person, to be spiritually born of God At times I am in awe with the goodness of the people here — with their willingness to change their lives so wholly and fully in order that God can enter they lives to stay. It reminds me of Alma 5:
"have ye spiritually been born of God? Have ye received his image in your countenances? Have ye experienced this mighty change in your hearts?"
At times I wonder if missionary work is the work of awakening more than anything else — awakening people to the spirit and truth that is already in them, so that they can begin to have a desire, or this mighty change of heart, that can lead them back to their Father and allow them to become new creatures. I don't think it takes a baptism or a miracle or an answer to a prayer in order to be awakened unto God. Sometimes I think our greatest awakenings to our Eternal God are in the simple decisions we make to show God that we want to be near Him and we want to be bettered by Him and we want to be born of Him.
Wishing you a week of mighty changes in your hearts and awakenings unto God — I love you and am praying for you always!
con mucho amor,
Hermana Rhondeau>
Horse Care Horse > Horse Organizations
Horse Organizations Intro
Alaska Icelandic Horse Association (AIHA)
()
Click
here to read articles that Alys has published in the AIHA News
Letter.
The Alaska Icelandic Horse Association is a USIHC-affiliated
club. The club’s mission, as stated on the club's website,
is to “preserve the uniqueness and integrity of the Icelandic horse.”
The objectives of the USIHC are to promote the Icelandic horse breed,
educate its membership and the general public about the breed, and provide
an environment of support wherein all can enjoy the talents and characteristics
of this unique breed of horse.
Club members are from all over the state, and include
a handful of people who live in the Lower 48 as well. There are, as of
December 15, 2010, 145 Icelandics in the state. They can found in Kotzebue,
one of the farthest north communities, and in Wrangell, which is one of
the farthest south communities. Club meetings are held 2-3 times a year,
and are conducted via teleconference. (There are two or three meeting
places which are made known in advance of the get togethers.) Club offices
are: President, Alys Culhane, Vice President, Mary Gleason, Treasurer,
Jeanette Willis, Secretary/Newsletter Editor Fran Buntzen, and Board members
Nilla Ekstrom and Mariann Stoffel.
United States Icelandic Horse Association
(USIHC) ()
Click
here to read articles, clinic reports, regional reports, and
book reviews that Alys has written for the USIHC Newsletter.
The USIHC’s mission is to support the use
and health of the Icelandic Horse according to International standards,
to advance the study, breeding, and exhibition of the Icelandic horse,
and to maintain a registry of purebred Icelandic horses
The USIHC maintains the registration of Icelandic
horses in US, sponsors international competition, and regulates breeding
and competitive activities within the US, in accordance with FEIF rules.
It furthers knowledge the of the Icelandic Horse in the US, promotes its
correct use as a competition and pleasure riding horse, and provides a
network in which to share information or events and Icelandic horse owner.
There are 603 USIHC members, 4,228 registered Icelandic
horses. Members receive the Icelandic Horse Quarterly, and are eligible
to sit on USIHC committees. Individuals who have an interest in Icelandic
horses are eligible to join.
The Backcountry Horsemen of Alaska (BCHA
of Alaska) ()
Click
here to read Alys’s account of her participation in a
Leave no Trace Training Master’s Educator course.
The Backcountry Horsemen of Alaska is an affiliate
of the Backcountry Horsemen of America, a service-based organization.
BCHA of Alaska members are involved in trails advocacy, volunteer service,
and partnerships.
The BCHA has partnered with the Center for Outdoor
Ethics, to promote Leave no Trace training. Leave no Trace is an educational,
nonprofit organization dedicated to the responsible enjoyment and active
stewardship of the outdoors, by people, worldwide.
The Center for Outdoor Ethics sponsors Leave no
Trace training. Those who take the Master Educator’s Course train
people to become comprehensive Leave no Trace Educators, or Master Educators.
In turn, Master Educators teach the trainers course. Those who are trainer
then conduct Awareness Workshops. The latter are designed for the public
and promote Leave no Trace practices.
Tellington TTouch Training
()
TTouch is named after its originator, Linda Tellington
Jones. TTouch is specialized approach to the care and training of animal
companions. Those who espouse this particular type of training can be
found worldwide, and include Icelandic Horse Farm owner Robyn Hood, her
husband Phil Pretty, her daughter Mandy Pretty, Mandy’s husband
Walt Woodhead, and Christine Schwartz.
The Icelandic horse farm ()
offers clinic on riding, starting young horses, and TTouch training. In
addition, they also offer companion animal clinics.
Click
here to read articles that Alys has published in the TTeam
Connection Newsletter.
Tinni saying hello to Lysy at 2008 clinic
at Artic Arrow farm
AIHA
Articles
USIHC
Articles
BCHA
Articles
TTeam
Articles.jpg)
Savills Maidstone |
+44 (0) 1732 879 050 |
Savills Maidstone estate agents
We believe in a personal approach, tailored to our clients’ needs but also working collaboratively to ensure our clients are fully up to date and focussed on maximising their property interests. We combine Savills national experience and knowledge with our strong local presence to bring you the highest levels of service. We have a highly talented and enthusiastic team of people, dedicated to achieving successful results for our clients.
How do we work with clients in Kent?
With dedicated rural and commercial teams and access to a comprehensive range of other property services, we combine the friendliness and perspective of a local agency with the scope and support of an international business.
Savills multidisciplinary expertise covers every aspect of property and we consider that we understand not only every aspect of the local market, but also what our clients want and how we can best help them get it.
Savills Maidstone |
+44 (0) 1732 879 050 |Dogen instructed,
When my late teacher Myozen 1 was about to go to China, his former teacher Myoyu Ajari 2 , who was living on Mt. Hiei, become seriously ill, and was about to die.
At the time, Master Myoyu asked Myozen, “I am old and sick; my death must be near at hand. Please put off going to China for a while, take care of me as I am very sick, and conduct a funeral service for me when I die? After I have passed away, carry out what you really wish to do.”
Myozen gathered together with his fellow priests and disciples to consult with them. He said, “Since the time I left my parents’ home in my childhood, I have been brought up by this teacher and now I have grown up. My debt of gratitude for his raising me is very great. Also, due solely to his upbringing I learned the dharma-gate which is beyond the ordinary realm of the verbal teachings of mahayana and hinayana, or the provisional and the real. Thanks to him, I came to understand causality, learned right from wrong, surpassed my fellow monks and gained honor, and now I aspire to go to China to seek the dharma because I understand the truth of the buddha-dharma. But this year he has become seriously ill due to old age, and is lying on his death bed. He will not live much longer and he cannot expect to see me again. Therefore, he strongly urges me to postpone my trip. It is difficult to go against my teacher’s request. Moreover, my going to China to seek the dharma for the sake of benefiting sentient beings without holding my life dear, derives from the great compassion of the bodhisattva. Is there any reason to go against the request of my teacher and go to China, or not? Tell me what you think.”
At the time, all of his disciples said, “Give up going to China this year. Your aged master’s illness is critical. He will surely die. If you stay only for this year and go to China next year, you wouldn’t be going against your teacher’s wish and you wouldn’t be neglecting your great debt of gratitude.
What is wrong with going to China half a year or a yearfrom now? It wouldn’t go against the bond between master and disciple, and still you would be able to carry out your wish to go to China.”
At the time, as the least experienced monk, I said, “If you think that your enlightenment of the buddha-dharma is what it should be, you should put off your trip to China.”
My late master said, “That is so. Practice of the buddha-dharma should be like this. If I practice this way for my whole lifetime, I think I will be released (from samsara) and attain the Way.”
I said, “If that is so, you should stay.”
After all of us had given our opinions, Myozen said, “All of you agree that I should stay. My resolution is different. Even if I put off my trip for the time being, one who is certain to die will die. My remaining here won’t help to prolong his life. Even if I stay to nurse him, his pain will not cease. Also, it would not be possible to escape from life-and-death because I of many people. Since the merit is greater, it will help return the debt of gratitude to my teacher.
Even if I were to die while crossing the ocean and failed to accomplish my aspiration, since I would have died with the aspiration to seek the dharma, my vow would not cease in any future life. We should ponder Genjo Sanzo’s 3 (Tripitaka Master ) journey to India. Vainly spending time which is easily lost, for the sake of one person would not be in accordance with the Buddha’s will. Therefore, I have firmly resolved to go to China now.”
So saying, he finally went to China. For my late teacher, having true bodhi-mind was like this. Therefore, students, you should not become involved in useless matters and lose time in vain, using your parents or teacher as an excuse, nor set aside the Buddha-Way which is superior to all other ways. Do not waste time.
At the time Ejo asked, “For the sake of truly seeking the dharma, we must eliminate the hindrance caused by our obligation to our parents or teachers, existing only in the realm of delusion. It is just as you said. And yet, even if we completely renounce our obligation and affection for our parents or our teachers, when we aspire to the practice of a bodhisattva, we should put aside personal benefit and put primary importance on benefiting others. If so, when the aged teacher was seriously ill, and no one but Myozen could nurse him, if he was only thinking in terms of his own practice without helping his teacher, it would seem to go against the bodhisattva practice, wouldn’t it ? A mahasattva 4 (a magnanimous person) does not discriminate between things in doing good. Shouldn’t we consider the buddha-dharma according to the circumstances and the particular situation? By this reasoning, should he not he stayed to help his teacher? Why did he only think of seeking the dharma instead of caring for his aged teacher in his final illness? What do you think?”
Dogen instructed;
“Whether acting for the benefit of others or acting for your own benefit, if you abandon the inferior one and take the superior one it should be the good practice of the mahasattva. To care for infirm aged parents in poverty is only the temporary pleasure of illusory love and deluded sentiment of this brief life. If you go against your deluded sentiments and learn the Way of no-defilement, even though you may receive some resentment, it will become a positive factor [in entering the buddha-dharma which is] beyond the world. Consider this well.”I have been told by those in the know that I have a knack for stating the obvious.
Here we roll into the final six games of the 2008 regular season, and it is obvious to me that the Tigers are not going to fulfill Sports Illustrated pre-season prediction and win not only the AL Central, or the American League, or the World Series.
In fact as I write this, Detroit is in game two of a three game series with Kansas City to stay out of the AL Central Basement. And it's not looking good, as game one was lost last night due to bullpen failure, and the Royals just struck early in the first two hitters to take a one – nothing lead in the first.
The Chicago White Sox and Minnesota Twins are still battling for the AL Central title . In fact, they are playing each other in the next to last series of the year with Chicago taking the first game and leading the Twins by two and a half games. Chicago will finish the year against the Indians of Cleveland, and the Twins against the same Royals my Tigers are facing right now. Only the winner will move on to the playoffs. And in my opinion it will be close but the Twins will take it in the final game of the year.
Write it down.
Because in the AL Central, you have to win the division.
Because the wild card in the American League sits in the East. And the war is on between Tampa Bay and Boston.
Boston is also two and half games back. But they are finishing the season against the Yankees. Against the Yankees in Fenway. And I do not give any edge to Boston in this year of a disgruntled Yankee club who is embarrassed not to be in the playoffs.
No, this year, the edge goes to Tampa Bay. The Devil Rays probably don't even need to make contingency plans. They pretty much have the final four games all wrapped up.
And it breaks my heart. Because the Devil Rays finish the season against my beloved Detroit Tigers. A team I love more than any other team I have ever rooted for – obsessively my friends and family will tell you – ever in my life.
The Devil Rays will face pitching that will struggle to put in six innings, but likely stay in for seven because there is no bullpen. They will face Tiger hitters that sound intimidating – but are meek in these final four games. They will face defense that looks great on paper, but on the field make stupid mistakes and errant throws.
Writing this piece, I feel like a father telling the bully not to be too worried fighting his son, "He may look big, and has a known name", advises the father, "but you should take him no problem."
It just breaks my heart.
1 comment:
Well, it didn't quite play out like I predicted.
The Tigers so far as I write this have beaten Tampa Bay three straight - with the fourth to play out in a couple of hours at Comerica Park's last home game of the year.
But Tampa Bay still clinched as Boston has lost the same games to Cleveland.
So on Monday - The Tigers will head to Chicago now - to try to spoil Chicagos chance at the post season - and win it for the Twins.
Baseball is a great, funny, rewarding and frustrating game. And our boys will still have a lot to say about how the post season shapes up.
But it's still a pretty hollow and dissapointing finish to such a promising season.
I am anxious to hear your comments, but please keep them clean and appropriate for a family site, or they will not pass moderation.OCTOBER 3, 2017 – Aaron Hughes has been ruled out of Northern Ireland’s World Cup qualifier against Germany on Thursday.
The veteran Hearts defender picked up a calf injury during their match against Dundee on Saturday and has returned to Scotland for further treatment.
Manager Michael O’Neill has called up Dunfermline defender Callum Morris as a replacement for Hughes.
Northern Ireland have won all five of their matches so far in 2017 and are guaranteed second place in Group C.
Hughes, 37, had been struggling with a calf problem going into last weekend’s game and he was forced off after seven minutes of the 2-1 defeat at Dens Park.
He is Northern Ireland’s most-capped outfield player, has won 108 caps since making his debut in 1998 and started in the past three qualifiers against Azerbaijan, San Marino and the Czech Republic, which Northern Ireland won without conceding a goal.
Morris has yet to make his senior international debut. The former Dundee United and Aberdeen defender was an unused substitute during the World Cup qualifiers against Germany and the Czech Republic at the beginning of the campaign.
Home décor trends shift with time, as can be easily
evidenced by the constant glut of homeowners looking to remove their dated shag
carpet. In recent years, we’ve seen a sharp increase in hardwood flooring
interest from a lot of our clients looking to remodel their homes. At Floor
Coverings International of Flagstaff, we pride ourselves on staying abreast of
each and every contemporary design trend in the hopes of offering every
customer an expert opinion on the right modern look for their home. One of the
trends making a big splash in the design world is distressed, rustic hardwood.
Read on for a bit of information on this new and exciting move in home flooring
options
Handscraped Hardwood
Offers Timeless Beauty
One option of rustic hardwood we offer at Floor Coverings
International is handscraped hardwood flooring. The key to distressed wood floors’
charm is all about their texture and tone, and handscraping handles the former
beautifully. Handscraped hardwood boards, available in a variety of species
like hickory, oak, ash, and birch, are individually scraped to create the
hand-sculpted look from a bygone era. The textural shading that results from
handscraping mirrors the look of vintage hardwood perfectly, and when paired
with a species of wood with a darker hue it can really pull together the rustic
look wonderfully. As vintage floors have become the darling of the design
world, handscraped hardwood has emerged as a frontrunner for products looking
to mimic that classic, aged look.
A Variety of Plank
Length Is a Great Look
Another feature of
vintage hardwood floors that is a focus of contemporary distressed hardwood is
a variation in plank length and size. Adding a bit of geometric texture to your
floor plan can do a lot for your overall look, and when paired with a
handscraped floor, you’ll be very close to a hardwood option that will fool
your friends and family into thinking you’ve lucked out on a pristine vintage
floor. If you choose wide planks, and vary the size of them slightly, you’ll
end up with a floor that looks like it was created by a true craftsman, which
gets at everything people love about antique wood floors. With a bit of
variation in the plank size of your floor, it’s easy to convey a vintage feel
that can work in a country home just as well as in an urban loft.
The key to making a distressed hardwood floor work for you
is all in the details, from handscraped hardwood to size variation. If you’re
not quite happy with your current flooring option, get in touch with Floor
Coverings international of Flagstaff, and we’ll make sure to help you find the
perfect look for your home.One-off and spring cleaning services Cobham
Home Cleaning 4U Cob Cob Cobham fully trained teams will be happy, if the make your house more comfortable and pleasant to live in. They will give their best when it comes to one-off or spring cleaning.
Spring cleaning Cob Cob Cobham.
Excellent service, prompt and effective. Thank you!
The cleaning was very effective!
More testimonials - one-off and spring cleaning servicesTV censured for murder re-enactment - Penny McAllister
By Nicholas Hellen
29 October 1995
The Sunday Times
(c) 1995 Times Newspapers Ltd
A television drama that reconstructed the murder of Penny McAllister by the mistress of her army officer husband has been censured for an invasion of privacy.
Carlton Television, which broadcast the programme, Beyond Reason, last February, has been ordered to carry an on-air apology to the victim's parents and husband in a ruling by the Broadcasting Complaints Commission (BCC).
The formal censure, which follows a lengthy investigation, is likely to discourage other broadcasters from pursuing similar reconstructions of real-life crimes. One production company, Red Rooster, is reconsidering its plans to film the story of Stephanie Slater, the estate agent who was kidnapped by Michael Sams.
However, last night the executive producer of Beyond Reason, Rod Gilchrist, was defiant. "Intrusion into privacy is a very serious matter and it is important in television that there are guidelines and there are rules," said Gilchrist, who is also deputy editor of The Mail on Sunday. "But I personally reject the finding, and I won't bow the knee. The facts were already in the public arena."
More than 12m viewers saw the actress Jennifer Ehle play the part of the 24-year-old victim, who was murdered by Susan Christie, her husband's lover. The film showed the knife attack on Penny in a deserted wood in Northern Ireland, with the cameras only switching away at the moment of the stabbing.
In an unfortunate coincidence, Ehle will appear on screen tonight as the bride of Darcy in the final episode of BBC1's serialisation of Pride and Prejudice.
Penny McAllister's parents, Des and Norma Squire, at first tried to persuade Kensington Films, the makers of Beyond Reason, to scrap the programme, complaining that it was "totally degrading" to the memory of their daughter. Des Squire said that he was on the edge of a breakdown and had to take early retirement from his job as a primary school headmaster. When he failed to block it, he took the case to the Broadcasting Complaints Commission and was joined by Penny's husband, Duncan McAllister. Their complaint was backed by the Conservative MP for Arundel, Sir Michael Marshall, and the former minister Richard Needham.
Gilchrist's defence turned on his claim that Penny's parents and her husband had co-operated with newspaper articles and books which covered the same territory. He said McAllister had raised no objections when he sold his story to the Daily Mail.
"He told the most intimate details of his private life and gave the most personal photographs," said Gilchrist. "He talked about how he first seduced his wife and how he first seduced Susan Christie, for which he received financial gain from the Daily Mail. That is not disputed.
"We were attempting to come to an arrangement with McAllister for him to be a consultant and adviser on the film. That broke down not because he didn't want the film made but over areas of the contract."
Christie was released from prison last month after serving three and a half years of a nine-year sentence for manslaughter. There was an outcry from the Penny's father who said he hoped the "hideous deed" would haunt Christie beyond the grave.
Peter Pilkington, chairman of the BCC, was not available for comment.
Wednesday, January 18, 2006
1 comment:
She is rather pretty.iQ.COM to Provide DM for Intuit
iQ.COM smart marketing solutions and services are primarily focused on capturing, converting and retaining customers through programs that generate interaction and brand loyalty.
Looking at the inbox renaissance with Forrester and Epsilon
Anthony Larrisey of Industria Creative takes us deep into experiential marketing — its opportunities and risks
Syte.ai pulls together object recognition, AI, and machine learning to render anything visual "clickable and shoppable"Real-Life Training Paves the Way to Continued Success
In the following interview, Abe Lee, owner of CENTURY 21 iProperties Hawaii in Honolulu, Hawaii, discusses the advantages of the brand, .....»»
Building Strong Relationships Paves the Way to Continued Success
As real estate markets throughout the country continue to improve and the demands placed on real estate professionals mount at an alarming rate, staying in touch with your sphere of influence is not only challenging, it’s typically one of the first task.....»»
Hawaii Life acquisition of Maui real estate firm paves opportunity for property management
Hawaii Life is taking over Island Oasis Realty’s roster of about 100 long-term property management properties and more than a dozen short-term, or vacation, properties, along with the firm’s three employees and Principal Broker Sandra Albrecht......»»
2017 REBAC Hall of Famers Share Their Secrets to Continued Success
Today, the Real Estate Buyer’s Agent Council (REBAC) boasts nearly 30,000 members and over 25,000 Accredited Buyer’s Representative (ABR®) designees. As the industry continues to grow and flourish, REBAC singles out certain membe.....»»
8 Success Principles That Helped Me Transition From Prison to Real Life
Funding passion and purpose in prison, led to identifying 8 principles of preparation that can help anyone stay on the right track.....»»
A Service-First Approach Key to Continued Success
In the following interview, Isom Coleman, president of HomeSmart ICARE Realty in Sacramento, Calif., discusses the advantages of the brand, including in marketing and technology. Region Served: The Greater Sacramento area Years in Real Estate: 11 Nu.....»»
7 Essential Training Sessions to Get New Agents on the Fast Track to Success
I regularly see new licensed agents come out of real estate school and ask the “Now what?”s and “How do I?”s that naturally follow. While.....»»
Paving the Way to Continued Success With an All-Encompassing Technology Platform
As the competition within the real estate brokerage business continues to heat up, itR.....»»
Six Timeless Lessons for Success From a NYC Icon and Self-Made Mogul
An exclusive interview with real estate magnate Steve Witkoff: lessons from life, luck, and a long friendship with the POTUS......»»
Self-Made Success: How One NYC Mogul Built an Empire Out of $20,000
An exclusive interview with real estate magnate Steve Witkoff: lessons from life, luck, and a long friendship with the POTUS......»»
Wednesday links: real adventures
Book notes: Learning isn’t easy and other insights from Ulrich Boser’s Learn Better: Mastering the Skills for Success in Life, Business, and... MarketsValueAct is sending money back to investors due to "high valuations." (cnbc.....»»
Google life sciences spinoff soaks up huge space (video)
There can be a flipside to biotech industry success: When a company wins regulatory approval for a potentially top-selling drug, it becomes a buyout target — and the consequences for the local real estate market can be unexpected. Take Onyx Pha.....»»
Strategies, Tactics And Success Principles From Every Day Leaders
Real life leaders share their most important leadership strategies, stories, and tactics with the world Real life leaders share their most important leadership strategies, stories, and tactics with the world.....»»
Interest Rates Are Never Rising
Real life beats out professional economists. Again… Of course the Fed isn’t going to raise rates. Have you taken a look outside, of late? I had been previously sold on the idea that the Fed might have made some symbolic … Continued .....»»
Serving Sales Associates to Foster Success
In the following interview, Kit Hale, principal broker and managing partner of MKB, REALTORS®, a member of Leading Real Estate Companies of the World®, in Roanoke, Va., discusses coaching, educating and training agents. Region Served: Southwest Virginia.....»»
Magic Millions Gold Coast 2YOs in Training Sale Statistics
Magic Millions Gold Coast 2YOs in Training Sale Statistics The success of Star Witness progeny on the racetrack has continued in the sale ring with a late sale topper on Day Two of the Magic Millions Gold Coast 2YOs in Training Sale. Local trainer Bryan G.....»»
Virtual training for real life bankers
VIRTUAL REALITY IS THE FUTURE AT LLOYDS BANKING GROUP That’s an actual non-virtual press release from actual non-virtual part-government owned UK bank Lloyds, put out earlier this week. The otherwise unfeasible situations candidates will be placed i.....»»
Communities Across the State Signal They Are Open for Business
By James T. Simpson, CAE For communities across North Carolina, attracting, training and retaining workforce is a top concern. North Carolina’s job creators continue to face a significant disconnect between their talent needs and the real-life skillset.....»»
Spotlight: Setting the Stage for Continued Success
One co.....»»
Finding Continued Success through Lead Generation
In this interview Amanda Todd, Founder & CEO, The Amanda Todd Group – Keller Williams Realty in Roseville, Calif., talks about how she grew her business from $15 to $50 million over the past year. Years in real estate: 2 Number of offices: 1, while .....»»
The Fed: The Fed official most concerned about possible asset bubbles presses the alarm button (again)
Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said in an interview with MarketWatch that other assets classes besides commercial real estate are now a bit above historic valuations, complicating life for the central bank......»»Luca hails from Bemidji, Minnesota. Its members are Sean Murphy, Isaac Parthun, Melody Becker, Brian Oakes and Micah Eriksson. Beyond that, the only thing that we know about the band is that they are producing music we enjoy. Our personal favorites are “I’m Afraid” and “Tomorrow’s December.”
The email invitation to consider the band read:
“Hi Indie Obsessive!
I'm Brian Oakes, I'm part of an indie-folk band named Luca, we just self-released our first album titled, "I'm Afraid" we think that what we have is good, and we want other people to hear it! Depending on the success of this album we want to gauge what next steps we will take, possibly starting to play more shows and get into a studio to get quality recordings.
Brian"
Brian"
Brian, if Luca plays in San Francisco, please let us know.
Currently, Luca is generously allowing free downloads (“name your own price”) of their seven-track album that includes the two songs embedded below. The Bandcamp link for the download is. Alternatively, if you prefer Noisetrade, the album can be downloaded by going to.
“I’m Afraid” by Luca
“Tomorrow's December” by LucaBe Happy Song of the Day: Beautiful Wreck by Shawn Mullins (For those that know this song, I always laugh about it because when Jake first heard it he thought he was saying, "What a beautiful red guitar." Still makes me laugh....)
Today's Smileys:
1. Getting some time to scrapbook.
2. Really liking the pages I did today.
3. Time to myself.
4. Working on my cross stitch projects
5. Playing some of the balance games on my Wii Fit. It's fun. I can't wait till my hip is better and I can do some more of the stuff on it that strengthens the lower body.
6. Going "browsing" for new furniture for our living room. We found some stuff we like, got ideas for what we definitely don't want and I found some GREAT fabrics that I want to put on a chair once we get new furniture.
7. Telling Emmy "Bye bye Emmy!" when she wouldn't stay with us in the store and hearing her yell, "NO!" and come running after me. She was the best kid while shopping today, held my hand almost the whole time and stayed with me so well.
8. Telling Emmy "Bye bye" while at Toys 'R Us and have her come around the corner carrying a baby doll in a baby carrier. She is definitely in baby mode and loves all things baby. It's super cute.
9. My hip had a pretty good day and didn't start getting bad until around 7-7:30 tonight.
10. Reading
11. Jake and I agreeing that it has been a good weekend and it's nice to just hang out.
The Year Begins in Korea...
1 week ago
1 comment:
I'm glad you had such a great weekend. Also that you seem to be feeling better, at least some of the time. Hooray for that!You are about to enter a website that may contain content of an adult nature.
SxyRaisa's Live Sex Chat Room
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf SxyRaisa here. I'm 24 year old Female speak English and Italian in the mature live sex chat action. I like to be caressed and to be spoled,thet turns me a lot.. Hot sexy and fun!. Sweet ,sexy,body fuckable... is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 95-55-61. For Turn ons: Hot man1.Full Length of Our Brand Is Crisis in HD VideoNow you can enjoy Our Brand Is Crisis in best video format with duration 108 Min and was released on 2015-10-30 and MPAA rating is.9
- HD Format with movie plot "A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America." in high quality. Download full Our Brand Is Crisis in Top Video Format by visiting the download link.
Now you can enjoy Our Brand Is Crisis in high quality. See Our Brand Is Crisis movie with single fill in the kind by hitting the image on the sign upwards button. Enjoy every one of the albums brand new movie using all favorite movie loading! only play this movie Our Brand Is Crisis this time for full access this online movie. This can be truly spectacular and may even some of those rare amazing. The top quality was great all around. Management, photographs and image effects ended up all very innovative along with brilliant. The pleasure with the script, often humorous and contains lots of heart for everyone his characters are typical 100 % length and obtain the link to this video Our Brand Is Crisis in top video format.
Tags: political campaign, south america,Yeah, right! Seriously.
Do you? Can you?
As writers we pen that moment when something unforgivable happens between the hero and the heroine. With fiction our characters get over the emotional baggage carried into the story and what occurred. That’s what is so appealing with reading a book.
Drawing from our own experiences where we’ve been wronged, or perceived a wrong against us, brings flavor to the story and a bit of healing.
Advertisements
Forgiveness without forgetfullness mean not forgiving at all.
That’s what I love about fiction. And I do try to practice this in my life.
Meg,
Part of my issues with my current WIP is that I did have the hero do something very, VERY bad. My critique partners kept saying, “boy, he’s going to have to grovel.” Now, I’m totally freaked out about the part where he tries to redeem himself. spw
Sandee–
Don’t be freaked. Some of us have a long way to go to be redeemable.
I think you’ll be just fine. Marilyn has written some of the very best bad boys turned hero.
Meg,
We had a priest once who gave us an entire homily on forgiving. He was from Nigeria and some rogue “militia” had killed his family. It was very moving when he shared that story and how hard he had to work at forgiving those murderers. He said God doesn’t expect you to forget, just forgive. He said sometimes all he could do was pray, “Lord, let them have a nice day.”
I’ve prayed for a lot of people to have a nice day during my lifetime. {big grin}
Meg,
Eons ago I had a t-shirt that read, “I don’t get mad, I get even.” At the time, that was pretty much how I felt. But with age comes wisdom (I think) and I’ve learned to be more forgiving. Sometimes when I don’t think I could ever forgive someone, God puts them right in the middle of my path to show me that, yes, I can. Hey. Who am I to argue with Him?
Forgiveness isn’t easy. To accept that someone has hurt you or that you have hurt someone you have to become OKAY with all the scenarios that led you to the point of betrayal. That means you live and relive that moment until it doesn’t hurt anymore and, in a sense, take some of the blame yourself.
If we don’t learn from it, we are doomed to repeat it.New duplex townhouse lying in a small complex of 19 houses with communal pool and seperate childrens pool surrounded by a tropical garden and only 300m of the beach
Peñiscola, holiday apartment
Biggest holiday villa at the famous Playa de Palma, 16 persons, private pool, sun-terrace, BBQ, outdoor kitchen. Only 200m to beach, quiet location.
This 90 m2 loft with an industrial decor includes living room, dining for eight, kitchen, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and high speed internet WIFI. Sleeps up to 8 people.
A cozy apartment that has been completely refurbished in an elegant and tasteful way bringing comfort and decor together with an unbelievable location.
Beautiful apartment in the city centre, recently renovated. Perfect for up to 4 guests.
Lovely apartment, recently renovated located in the heart of te city centre. Hosts up to 6 guests.
Stunning apartment, elegantly decorated. It has more that 80 sqm. Hosts up to 6 guests.
right and comfortable apartment in the earth of the Eixample area of Barcelona, just a few meters away from the Sagrada Familia. 60sqm for up to 5 guests.
Fabulous apartment of 110m2. The entrance to the most charming monument of Spain, the Sagrada Familia, is just two minutes away. Perfect for up to 10 people.
Beautiful apartment with 3 double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. 80 sqm located on a 3rd floor of a building only two minutes far away from the entrance of the Basilica.
In the heart of the attractive Sagrada Familia area, this apartment can accomodate up to 8 guests.
A modern and comfortable apartment of 55 sqm in the Poble Sec area, right back the center of the town even if it is far away from the chaos of other areas. Up to 4 peopl
Located in the center of the town, only a few meters away from the bus and metro stations, this apartment is about 65 m². Hosts up to 5 guests.
Stylish apartment close to the lively Plaza Universidad where up to 10 friends are welcome in the classy atmosphere of the centre of Barcelona.Heart:
State Color, as available in the Shopping Cart.
Elegant/capitvating views of the marsh & water. 2 Guest Rooms each w/full bath & delightful sitting/reading room. Ground level w/room for 3 cars & ample storage. 3 stop elevator.
Listing presented as a courtesy of Charter One Realty.It’s nice to be greeted by someone famous first. Today Wan Zaleha Radzi greeted me first – saying she saw me at an event. #Win
A sweet surprise from my #IkalMayang team. Love you guys, Ida Nerina, Su May, Malik, Junad, Amanda & Zoey!
Birthday dinner date tonight with Serena Chong … blessed with gorgeous souls who are in fact gorgeous in real life as well.
AdvertisementsCopy and paste the embed code below. The code changes based on your selection.
The code has been copied to your clipboard.
Video size
Manned deep space missions are still a long way off, but space agencies are already testing procedures, equipment and human stamina for operations in extreme environment conditions. Small groups of astronauts take turns in spending days in an underwater lab, off Florida’s southern coast, simulating future missions to some remote world.
Looking ahead to planned missions to the moon, an asteroid and Mars, Western space agencies send their astronauts to this underwater lab, 20 meters below the surface, off the coast of Key Largo, Florida, to test procedures, equipment and how to tolerate living with each other in a confined space.
“Obviously, you need people that are willing to adjust, that are easygoing, that are ready to lead but also follow, and so you need a good balance of people in order to run a place like this, to run a mission smoothly," said Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano.
European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano, NASA astronauts Serena Aunon and David Coan, and Japanese astronaut Norishige Kanai are the 20th crew of the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations, a program known as NEEMO.
A large surface support crew, plus two experienced divers living with them in the lab, help the astronauts train for different environments.
“Outside, here, in the ocean, we can use our buoyancy control devices to create very specific conditions where we can be fully microgravity or in reduced gravity and simulate being on the surface of a planet or on an asteroid or on a moon," said Parmitano.
Much of their time is devoted to testing new procedures.
“We also implemented an artificial time delay so that all our communications are artificially delayed to study what would happen if we are on the surface of Mars and we cannot have a direct answer instantaneousl," Parmitano said.
Sometimes the tools developed for space do not work well underwater.
“We are trying to utilize our developing tools for our real scientific research but sometimes it doesn't work well in the water, so in this case we have to use just normal tools which marine scientists use for collecting samples," said Japanese astronaut Norishige Kanai.
The samples are collected for the owner of the underwater lab, Florida International University, whose scientists are going to use them in their own studies.Hey gents... weather looks like it might shape up for a ride Sunday.
Stinger's Bar & Grill
I keep seeing the girls posting on their FB page, so was thinking maybe hitting up Stingers Bar & Grill.
But I'd like to have somebody lead us on a ride. I don't know the roads in that area...
Or any other good ideas?Breast the blood or immune system or form lumps and tumours within organs.
Some tumours are benign, meaning they stay in one place in the body and are not usually life-threatening, depending on the location. Malignant tumour cells can invade the tissues around them and spread to other parts of the body.
Breast cancer starts in the breast tissue, which extends up to the collarbone and from the armpit to the breastbone. Breasts are glands that make milk. Lobules make the milk and the milk ducts drain the milk through the nipple. The cells that form the lobules and ducts can grow out of control and become cancerous.
Non-invasive cancers stay within the milk ducts or milk lobules, while invasive cancers can spread. The most common form of breast cancer is invasive ductal carcinoma, which begins in the milk duct but grows into the surrounding normal tissue inside the breast.
Detecting breast cancer isn't easy, but there are signs that should prompt an exam by a doctor. Warning signs of cancer include:
• Breast lump
• Changes in a breast's shape or size
• Dimpling or puckering of the skin
• Redness (usually without pain)
• A nipple that turns inward, or crusting or scaling on the nipple.
Breast cancer facts
Hereditary breast cancer
Diagnosing breast cancer
Back to home page for the Breast Health Centre
Version française de cette pageWriting with Pictures: The Power of Visual Communication interaction design and usability.
Who it's for:
Anyone with a visual design background and an interest in visual communication. No drawing experience required.
What they'll learn.
Word-image integration, amplification through simplification, visual storytelling, impoving your "cognitive load time," conveying complex ideas visually..Warning – dish, he sent me a recipe for roast placenta; I made a Donner party riff on the Aristocrats joke, he posted LOLClits.com on my wall four times in a row…wait, WHAT?
LOLClits is a website where users submit photos of female genitalia with “funny” captions. They usually involve googley eyes or hats or something added to the genitals in Paint or Photoshop, and may I be the first to say that they are really not funny?
The original photos are almost all close-ups of female genitalia, never including the women’s faces. The women are all exposed—not only are they in front of a camera, they’re opening their legs and spreading their lips. A lot of these photos include or imply male presence—there are many in-and-out shots, and male-looking hands spreading labia and yanking on clits and piercings. Most of the pictures seem originally intended for someone’s sexual gratification, but on LOLClits, clits and vaginas play the roles of hungry monster, nasty old wizard, ray gun target, shocked plutocrat, dog, Diglett, and even a pimple. And, of course (this is LOLClits—LOLDicks just wouldn’t be funny, right?), the penises are never ridiculed. The male presence in the original photos functions only as a pretext to knock down the women—once you’ve got ‘er exposed, quick! Does her hymen look more like Homer or Flanders? And that’s all she wrote.
The original close-up photos of vulvas and clits and vaginas are completely one-dimensional acts of sexual openness. There’s no push-up bras, no bar-hopping, no multiple partners—in other words, none of the social expressions of sexuality that our culture tries to shame women for—in these photos. In the world of LOLClits, just having a pussy makes you fair game for rotten tomatoes.
And that is incredibly disturbing to me. I know that femaleness marks us for special shame, ridicule, and disregard in boys’ clubs the world over, but I’ve never seen hatred and disdain so pure before. What a wake-up call.
when i saw that link on your wall i was so horrified. did you tell him?
no. what’s the point? i mean, i’m a feminazi, you’re a hipster bro, get over it. we can be acquaintances without me bothering to try and change your mind.
RAWR. I HAETZ THEM.
oh god the pictures just loaded. This is disgusting.
Thought you might be interested, but the owner of LOLClits.com posted your blog on a popular entertainment website thinking he would get lots of kudos from the forum, only to have both female and male forum members tell him he and his website are disgusting.
thanks, nike. would you mind giving us the link?
… No one cares. Except you… and… well…
Who are you? Notice the people who agree with you. See a trend? Nobodies. Just accept it.
shut up
lolzzZ??
We’re a BIGGER forum, and we think its LULZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ, GET REAL.
Dude they are funny clits, who does it matter? Seriously? Lets rage about something serious like third world fgm? Lack of female rights in the arab world? etc? Seriously, I took gender studies last year in college, only to be disgusted by the trivial nature of most of the things we discussed. And when I had the “audacity” to raise fgm, my bullshit lecturer said my views were eurocentric. Its petty shit like this that drives reasonable people like me from the feminist movement.
Despite that, Im still an equal rights kinda guy, but with equal rights comes the right to be ridiculed… cop it.
Xavier Taylor
(18/M/Australia)
(also if people posting dicks are your thing, try 4chan.org, /b/ section, you will see at least one nasty cock every hour, at the least)
and a quick google search revealed this gem
LOLclits eat your heart out
edit: first line should read ‘”why” does it matter’
And jesus, I overused the word serious…. my bad.. post written too hastily….
lolclits is obviously not the single most important feminist issue in the world. this was a quick, throwaway post about something that bothered me and i couldn’t quite figure out why, so i wrote about it. i’m sure this comment will find its way onto the somethingawful forums – have a field day. thanks for bringing up our site traffic.
and may i add – if you thought what you talked about in gender studies was trivial, you obviously don’t get it. why do you think female genital mutilation exists? and why do you think women have fewer rights in the arab world? it’s not quite as simple as an “equal rights kinda guy” with no ability to step outside his comfort zone and dig into the subtler issues and underpinnings of social inequalities might think.
I don’t know xav is ever going to look at this site again but just in case he does, word to all of what snacktivism said and couple more things:
“with equal rights comes the right to be ridiculed… cop it.”
I don’t think anyone is arguing that the guy who made lolclits didn’t have the right to create the site (assuming all of those photos where taken with the permission of the women. if not, fuck that, he had no right.) That said, since our concern here advancing women’s rights, it would be pretty counter-intuitive for us jump on the bandwagon of anyone using our body parts for a freak show. Why do I have to excuse anything that falls under the category of humor? Don’t you think that’s kind of a cop out? Even a joke requires some logic, some assumption about what is and isn’t true. In this case the logic is, “big clits are gross, so turning them into monsters would be the only appropriate spin.” Like snacktivism said, fgm doesn’t happen for no reason. it happens because of this exact idea. the idea that female genitalia is dirty and shameful. You don’t find it at all suspect that the most ridiculous female body part happens to be the one that gives us the most pleasure?
And by the way, if you are so concerned about fgm (and by the way I think your professor was wrong to call you eurocentric for hating on it. I can’t think of many things more worthy of universal disgust), then why are you using your energy to defend a site that exploits such an atrocity for entertainment value (see the sample photos on snacktivism’s post)?
xav, I don’t doubt your sincerity when you say you want equal rights for women, but the thesis of your argument here seems to be that we’re thinking too much. This is dismissive in the same way that your professor was dismissive of you. The only place where you actually addressed the concerns instead of dismissing them was when you pointed out showyourdick.org and by the way, that site doesn’t illustrate the same concept as lolclits. it’s a show-off site more than anything else.
Firstly I apologize for the flippant nature of my initial post, most places on the internet are full of idiots so I forget that there are people worth engaging in intelligent conversation, and hence forget to engage said people with sufficient respect.
Re:”i’m sure this comment will find its way onto the somethingawful forums”
– dont worry, I hate annoying trolls/flamers, I wont be reposting this story anywhere.
And why do I think women have few rights in the arab world? I blame that on a religion based almost soley on patriarchy, violence and intolerance. However, I do not think people making fun of the shape of female genitals = support for/acceptance of FGM.
And as for “with no ability to step outside his comfort zone and dig into the subtler issues and underpinnings of social inequalities might think.”, I did take gender studies despite studying otherwise unrelated subjects, so I’m not totally adverse to looking at the “subtler issues.”
Accepting lucierohans point that I did not really adress the issue discussed in the post, I will state my contention here:
I don’t think there is anything wrong with a website that makes fun of odd looking bodyparts – so long as the site is not a personal attack on an individual. Im 100% sure that there are websites with photoshopped penis/scrotums, and humourous caption – however, as you may understand, I have no real desire to conduct relevant web searches(my attempt at providing an example in my previous post was enough for me :P).
I do see(or try to see) the Issue being proposed here – that this website is part of a culture that seeks to marginalize women and deny their sexuality, however, I think that such a view point may be the result of applying a worldview(feminism) over zealously.
My basis for this claim is that I am very much pro male rights (no more than I am pro female rights), yet I would have absolutely no problem with a captioned picture of male genitalia? Would you?
And in response to lucierohan’s objection that lolclits was using “our” body parts as a freakshow – are you opposed to the sections of the Guinness book of world records where things like worlds fattest/tallest/hairiest man/woman, are displayed? In the case of female record holders, they are as much “you” as the bodyparts on lolclits are “yours”.
“Even a joke requires some logic, some assumption about what is and isn’t true.” perhaps you are not savvy with alot of contempory internet humour – the days of the acerbic wit of the writer on the punchline of the comic are long gone – their is a huge demand on the internet for shock humour, and lolclits is just a part of that, rather than a concerted attack on femininity.
“In this case the logic is, “big clits are gross, so turning them into monsters would be the only appropriate spin.””
I disagree that that much thought went into the image – more likely someone with a somewhat undeveloped sense of humour saw something he/she thought was humourous, and went from there. Furthermore, our culture is riddled with jokes about men with small penis’ – is this a misandrynous vendetta against men?
As for the comment that I am defending a site that makes light of fgm, I dont think FGM is funny at all, so do withdraw some of my support for the site – however you will see similar black humour all over the internet – it hardly shocks me any more, but I suppose to the average person it is highly offensive.
As for the thesis of my argument being that I think you are thinking to much – to the contrary, the more thinking the better – I just disagree with the general contention of the blog – that sites such as lolclits are anti-woman – I think they are simply immature humour, with little sinister intent.
“Despite that, Im still an equal rights kinda guy, but with equal rights comes the right to be ridiculed… cop it.”
Since women don’t have equal rights, that negates your argument and just makes you look rather stupid, no?
“Its petty shit like this that drives reasonable people like me from the feminist movement.”
Reasonable people like you? LOL. It amuses me the way you boys all imagine you’re “reasonable” people. Ranks right up there with all you boys imagining that you’re nice guys. So who told you that you were reasonable? You? Your mommy? Who? Let me guess. No one! And who elected you to be the “reasonable people” spokesperson? Let me guess. No one! LOL. You’re just another guy who’s a legend in his own mind.
As for driving “reasonable” people like you away, you act like that’s a bad thing. Dude, need I remind you that men were the whole problem to begin with? What makes you think feminists want to keep you?
Drive you away? I’ll fly you away. It’s faster.
You’re driving your argument on false logic. Specifically;
“Since women don’t have equal rights, that negates your argument and just makes you look rather stupid, no?”
That actually makes YOU look churlish and makes you sound like an ambulance chasing victim. And your continuous use of “you boys all” this and that actually frames you as someone who, rather than wanting to narrow the gender divide you mention at the beginning of your post, in fact can only think in the polarised fashion you pretend to reject in men.
In fact, your noisy yelling-down of xav’s very well-written response (which itself demonstrates a much more mature and balanced attitude than your shrill ‘mommy’ comments) is damaging to any sensible feminist/gender-equality argument.
I would fully expect you to argue in return to my comments with a similar style and non-substance. We shall see.
@xav – thanks so much for coming back. i’m really glad we can have an intelligent conversation, cause that’s the purpose of this site. also, i can’t thank you enough for not sending this over to the losers at SA.
i really don’t think lolclits is a sinister and dedicated effort to degrade women. in fact, it’s just the opposite.
i’m a feminist because of large and pressing issues like rape, FGM, and contraception, but also because of the smaller things—creepy and disturbing things resulting from the prevailing and generally unexamined western attitude that women are easy targets. lolclits isn’t fucked up cause it’s purposeful, it’s fucked up cause it’s reflexive.
a lot of people have given me shit for saying loldicks wouldn’t be funny. i stand by that. excuse me for generalizing here, but guys are socialized by their parents and friends to be proud of their genitals—to show them off, talk about them, jack off whenever they feel like it, and get girls to touch them at any cost. women are taught, in the same fashion, to distance themselves from their reproductive organs – to euphemize their periods, refrain from masturbating, and keep it in their pants.
most of the original photos on lolclits were made to show off or arouse. barring the sexual freedom felt by individual women, those aren’t things we’re supposed to do with our genitals. only recently have those things become okay for women who are not the porn models depicted in some of the photos to do—women like the ones in the photos that are clearly amateur. it’s incredibly fucked up that when they do try to get some enjoyment out of their bodies, people put them down in such gross and immature ways. so yes, i do think lucierohan had a point about using our bodies as freakshows—perhaps excessively tall or hairy women have been marginalized in the past, but a) inclusion in guinness is voluntary and b) excessive height and hair are not characteristics that all women share, nor are they definitive of women.
charles johnson (his username), the creator of the site, and his audience on somethingawful and the internet strike me as insecure, immature, and very, very scared—they’re like a bunch of 14-year-olds snickering in someone’s basement, or maybe the protagonist of “in the garage.” and when i say “immature,” i don’t mean little-brother immature, i mean psychologically and culturally. it’s funny, because a lot of people seem to go straight to “penis envy” when they hear what i think. but it’s pretty obvious that the unconscious motivation behind this site is something like “pussy fear.” in this culture, men can’t tolerate female sexual expression unless it’s directed at them, and guys like CJ and millions of others insist on bringing it down. lolclits might not be so fucked if it didn’t incorporate those amateur photos, and perhaps i should have thought a bit more and figured out that that’s what primarily bothered me.
so i’m not trying to imply that the vagina is sacred and nobody should ever make fun of it. that’s ridiculous. i’m just saying that this is indicative of a larger problem—as you said, “a culture that seeks to marginalize women and deny their sexuality.” in the grand scheme of things, is lolclits really an issue? no. but the reflexive hatred and ridicule that that culture inspires toward women, and more so when they step outside their traditional boundaries, is.
why the hate Luckynkl 😛 – I admit I did come off as abrasive in my first post, but all the man hate in your post isnt going to leave a good impression on any people reading the posts.
Any way, I do reserve the right to think I am pretty reasonable ,regardless of what my mother might think 😉
I’m pro every type of rights you could imagine, attend abortion clinic defense rallies, gay rights rallies, argue amongst my friends in defense of such issues etc. My initial gripe was with what I thought was an over reaction to, what was in my view, an insensitive, yet moreso insignificant website – I have no problem at all with the general goals of the feminist movement – in my view any form of coercion against any individual, female/male, white/black, gay/hetro is immoral.
(and ps I think that “nice guys” are low self esteem, manipulative losers.)
re:snacktivism, I pretty much agree with most of the content of your last comment. – I am equally disgusted with the puritan derived idea that female sexuality is somehow less “normal” or acceptable than male sexuality. However, as you admitted, it is something of a generalization to attest that society is so blatantly celebratory of male sexuality, especially at the family level – I think a much more observable phenomena is the suppression of female sexuality. However, that is SLOWLY changing…
One final comment, just something I observe in guys in my social groups, that is incredibly ironic – they all complain about how hard getting laid is, but still feel free to label girls sluts – it hurts my brain every time I hear a guy who as complained about the former mention the latter.
Anyways Im done on this posts comments, but Ill check back from time to time for new blog entry’s.
-peace
Good answer sir.
Losers from something awful reporting in. Consider yourself noticed, o great defender of vaginal sanctity!
I am sad to inform you that we are currently busy mocking fat girls, but as soon as we have made them realize the error of their ways, we’ll be along.
Laters 🙂
DON’T. CARE. god.
I think the main point is that it’s highly unlikely that the clits featured were photographed, ‘lol’ed or editted by their owners. this is why its offensive, beacuse its yet another farce presented as humour (get over it style) by men, isnt it? Please correct me if I’m wrong I hate being wrong… I clicked on teh link expecting humour, liking cheeseburger and rolcats etc, its in the folio for cheap laughs, but really, is it funny? i wasnt laughing.. it smacks of the same type of jokes dircted at female genitalia that we’ve all heard the ignorant drunken git in the pub spouting thinking hes clever by comparing various foodstuffs in an unflattering fashion.
thanks but no thanks!
Hmmm – while I agree with you about the genital mutilation strip above being in poor taste (a little like making light of the Darfur massacres), the rest of your observations are a little reactionary and overdone.
After all, LOLcats isn’t anti-cat per se, is it? And since the same sites exist for dicks too (many examples given above), it cannot be sexist, can it? Didn’t think so.
Just because people are making fun of female genitalia somewhere on the net doesn’t mean they’re laughing at women. To take offense and label it “sexist” runs the risk of making you sound like a humourless Greer-clone (never a good thing) and is a little bit like me writing a piece asserting that some bloggers who are awful and then have you appear uninvited in the comments page taking offense to what I have written, even though I never had you in mind and had never heard of you.
Such a reaction can betray a sense of insecurity on your behalf, as though you feel spoken to by anonymous condemnation of bad writing.
After all, they aren’t depicting YOUR vagina. Nor are they parading round edited clips of my specific penis on the net either.
…are they?
“And since the same sites exist for dicks too (many examples given above), it cannot be sexist, can it? Didn’t think so.”
First of all, check the attitude. If you want to have a conversation, don’t answer your own questions in the affirmative. I’m sick and tired of commenters thinking they can shut me down by seeming self-assured.
Second of all, obviously it still can be sexist. I’ve gone over the different characters and histories of showing off/ridiculing male and female genitalia before in this comment thread. I’m willing to assume that the “LOLDicks” category is also generated by men. I’ve also said that LOLClits is a miniscule symptom of a culture that marginalizes women, whether or not it was directly, intentionally sexist.
“To take offense and label it “sexist” runs the risk of making you sound like a humourless Greer-clone (never a good thing)…Such a reaction can betray a sense of insecurity on your behalf.”
Well gee, thanks for the advice. I really appreciate it.
Oh wait, no, I don’t. Who the hell asked you?
The point is that this whole thing is part of a culture that WANTS women to feel insecure about *everything* about themselves, and thinks women who aren’t quite Barbie dolls are hilariously gross, and criticizes the women who are Barbie dolls for being too perfect. And I’m sick of people excusing it as humor. As a woman, yes, I can’t help feeling a little insecure and judged when I see shit like this. You know, like, what’s safe? You have no right to tell me whether or not my feelings are legitimate.
“After all, they aren’t depicting YOUR vagina. Nor are they parading round edited clips of my specific penis on the net either.
…are they?”
I’d like every idiot who’s suggested that I’m just scared I have an ugly vagina or that people will recognize me by my Diglett clit or some shit to take off the fucking blinders. Remember when your mom taught you the difference between laughing with someone and laughing at someone? Trust me, you’re not laughing with us. The sooner you figure that out, the better.Am ticket dating
Is this normal in scams? I asked her to send a photo of herself with a sign with my name I doubt she's be coming here real soon. I ignored this Red Flag also. His deployment will end this Oct.
This is difficult for non-native speakers. Do you think I have fallen victim to a romantic scam here?
Also, don't be too hard on yourself; the people who do this are experts, and they know exactly which emotional triggers to use. That is pretty strange, you're right. I met the first one on FB and only accepted his friend request because we had a friend in common.
But he never responded again! In many cases, the scammer will say he is working abroad and wants to meet the victim.
Remember also that when you are showing yourself on webcam, the scammer is surely recording you, to use your video to scamm other am ticket dating, possible a lonely women.
Should I wait to see if she really does come up with it and comes here or should I cut her am ticket dating I actually started talking to man through his email. Features Dating Ashley Madison Cheating.
She sent me a picture of a check from a restaurant in Tennessee, where she is not from, and asked me to put it in my account, cash it, then wire it to her. Who ever is behind all of this has spent a lot of money in data. Reluctantly I sent the money with her promising to send me proof which she has done.
Hopefully you can shed some light on it. I got in an video-conversation with a fine woman around 30, living in Ghana.
Special "photoshop" software is available on the Internet, where you could type in whatever text you want, in the sign.
That said, need to warn you: If he doesn't get the money he will lose the contract and not get paid for all his time, efforts and hard work and will not get paid as they will reassign the contract elsewhere.
People typically do not believe that they are being scammed, Miles says.
- Take a break dating site
- Cod ghosts matchmaking issues
- Carbon dating lies
- The hook up by kristen epub
- Best online dating australia 2016
- Artist dating websites
- Sociology study online dating
- Heart hookup
- Application sex dating
- Gaijin dating japanese
- Geek dating uk app
- Futurama leela and fry start dating
- Type a dating type b
- Speed dating in atlanta 18+
- Eastern dating sites
- Location based mobile dating appClick on the links below to read reviews of The 24-Hour Wine Expert.
- 'After a 24-hour study, you will be fearless.' Harriet Lembeck, Wine Wit and Wisdom, 6 March 2017
- 'an inexpensive and compact guide to wine, sitting at around 100 pages that can easily be devoured in one sitting, and certainly over the period of a day or two' Kurtis Kolt, Straight.com, 30 August 2017
- 'I am pretty blown away by the book. No surprise coming from Jancis, yet my expectations were on the modest side for a sliver of a 101 on wine. What a well-spoken, clear-thinking pro can pack in layman’s terms into a slim volume at a modest cost is a game-changer.' Juliette Pope, Louis/Dressner Selections, 22 March 2017
- 'You’ll likely save the £4.99 price of admission with the wine-matching and occasion-matching tips alone.' The 20 Best Food Books of 2016, Observer Food Monthly, 11 December 2016
- 'Simple yet elegant, eminently approachable and laced with a bit of catty wit.' Bill Ward, Star Tribune, 7 December 2016
- 'The pre-eminent wine critic strips away the intimidation factors of wine and offers a clearly written, extremely approachable primer.' 2016 Wine Books, Marc Bona, Cleveland.com, 6 December 2016
- 'A wine guide that will turn any con artist into a connoisseur.' 29 Gorgeous Gifts For Your Fanciest Friend, Maitland Quitmeyer, Buzzfeed, 4 December 2016
- 'Both breezy and substantial, a very good entry map to wine.' Punch, 26 September 2016
- 'Through her wit and humor, Robinson does a great job of solving the unapproachable world of wine, covering all the confusing terminology along the way.' Anthony Dias Blue, Blue Lifestyle, 12 September 2016
- 'A compact, breezy, one-shot wine seminar for novices. In 112 no-nonsense pages, she covers all the basics for understanding, selecting, appreciating, serving and storing wine. She dismisses pretension in favor of the practical.' Florence Fabricant, New York Times, 12 September 2016
- 'Jancis Robinson to the rescue. [Her] latest book is for anyone who wants to learn more about wine but isn’t interested in delving into esoteric details and geekery.' Dave McIntyre, Washington Post, 10 September 2016
- 'Clever little book [...] well worth its €8 cover price.' Fionnuala Harkin, WinesDirect.ie, 23 August 2016
- 'The amount of her wine knowledge Robinson is able to impart in this slim volume is impressive.' Ben MacPhee-Sigurdson, Winnipeg Free Press, 11 June 2016
- 'Arguably the greatest wine writer of our time.' Krista Lamb, KristaLamb.com, 9 May 2016
- 'What makes it special is Robinson’s well-honed sense for delivering the goods along with a wry sense of critical insight.' Christopher Waters, Toronto Sun, 6 April 2016
- 'It's easy to read, good content, up-to-date, in plain language, giving the bare bones of learning about wine quickly.' goodfood.com.au, 5 April 2016
- 'Slim new paperback The 24-Hour Wine Expert brings a no-nonsense basic reference with amusing asides.' Andrew Dembina, Le Pan, 10 March 2016
- 'This handy little book [...] is very useful. I recommend it.' Huon Hooke, The Real Review, 20 February 2016
- Sarah Djerf, Wow News (Sweden), 17 February 2016
- 'The kind of handy guide that will appeal to a wide cross-section of people.' Sommelier India, 9 February 2016
- 'This thin volume manages to cover the major aspects of wine appreciation at a very high level.' Terroir Guru
- 'For those who have an appetite to learn, but don’t quite know where to start, The 24-Hour Wine Expert offers a perfectly compact solution.' Emily Miles, Berry Bros & Rudd, 4 February 2016
- Ellie Douglas, Decanter, 4 February 2016
- Gillian Orr, Refinery 29, 2 February 2016
- Neal Baker, The Drinks Business, 11 January 2016NOTICE OF A CANCELLATION OF HEARING FOR A PROPOSED REZONING NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a public hearing to consider a request to rezone from Open Rural to Planned Unit Development, as previously scheduled for Tuesday, January 22, 2008 at 9:00 a.m. by the St. Johns County Board of County Commissioners in the County Auditorium, County Administration Building, 4020 Lewis Speedway, St. Augustine, Florida, is hereby cancelled. The subject property is located on the south side of Greenbriar Road, between SR 13 and CR 244 FILE NUMBER: PUD 2007-04 Anderson Greenbriar L280-8 Jan 29, 2008
Posted from 29-Jan-08 to 29-Jan-08FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEST. CATHARINE COLLEGE SPORTS INFORMATIONFriday, October 24, 2014PATRIOTS POUND PIKEVILLE It didn’t come as easy as the first meeting, but when the final serve was made the result was the same in Mid-South Conference volleyball Thursday in Lourdes Hall when the Patriots topped the visiting Bears from Pikeville 3-0. In the earlier meeting at Pikeville, the Bears (13-15, 1-12) managed just 14, 14 and 4 points in the three sets. But Thursday they put up a fight but the Patriots (22-8, 8-3) still prevailed 25-16, 26-24, 25-23. The Bears never led in the first set as senior Lauren Bowling led the way for the Patriots with five service aces. St. Catharine led just 11-10 but took control with a 5-0 run on the strength of kills by Casey Stone (Princeton, Ky.) and Allie Southard (Louisville, Ky.). Pikeville led the second set 23-21 but was outscored 5-1 down the stretch as the Patriots claimed the 26-24 win. Southard had four kills in the set and Cat Hall (Louisville, Ky.) had two. The Bears also led in the third set when they took a 13-9 lead and still led 18-17 as they tried to extend the match. But serving didn’t serve the visitors well as they committed nine service errors in the match, three of them after the score was tied at 21, in falling 25-23. Southard led the Patriots with 10 kills in the match while Rebecca Just (Louisville, Ky.) and Shauna Stone (Bardstown, Ky.) recorded seven kills apiece. Jordan Strickland (Lexington, Ky.) had 28 assists while Jodie Klein (Louisville, Ky.) and Bowling anchored the defense with 17 and 10 digs respectively. The victory kept the Patriots in firm control of third place in the MSC as they trail Lindsey Wilson (10-0) and Georgetown (10-1). The final home match for Jason McDannold’s team will be Tuesday when they host conference opponent Campbellsville.ing more than 12 deep.In the build-up there’d been rumours fingerless lace gloves of violent protests: lumps of coal, symbolising the fury of the miners, would be thrown at her coffin.In the event, roses were the only things thrown.before the hearse was due to arrive.Men climbed railings to see above the massed heads.Children clambered on to the bench of the bus shelter.Office balconies thronged.People shifted restlessly, desperate for a view.As the coffin was borne down the steps into the light of the day, the crowds outside gave three cheers.Like the applause that had followed the coffin on its journey to St Paul’s, the cheers were spontaneous.Many people wore suits or dark dress; some were in bowler hats and tweed.One man had brought his pet Chihuahua, Cindy; even it, the camera phone.While the service was under way inside, the crowds stood silent.A breeze ruffled hair.Raindrops bridal gloves dabbed cheeks.Then there sounded the dolorous clang of the bell.The coffin was carried out of the church and placed on the gun carriage.And, as the procession began to the pound, pound, pound of a cloth-muffled drum there was applause once more!Lady Thatcher’s enemies, fighting among themselves: it was like the 1980s all over again lace gloves.The television camera cut to George Osborne, the Chancellor.Down his cheeks, tears glistened.Out in Ludgate Hill, while all this was going on, a small group of the most dedicated admirers gathered around a portable radio.Clutching printed copies of the order of service, they sang along to every hymn.lodging, a holy rest, and peace at the last.Finally, as the Queen looked on, the coffin was carried out of the cathedral by the bearer party.Then, something remarkable cl
Post Your Comment
Would you like to comment?
Sign up for a free account, or sign in (if you're already a member)Tunis.
Tunisia has managed to preserve macroeconomic stability and initiate fiscal and banking reforms in a context marked by a prolonged political transition, spillovers from the crisis in Libya, and numerous exogenous shocks. However, important challenges remain, and the authorities are implementing a new economic program, supported under the IMF’s Extended Fund Facility to promote stronger and more inclusive growth, with implementation centered around four pillars: i) consolidating macroeconomic stability; ii) reforming public institutions, iii) promoting financial intermediation, and iv) improving the business climate. In this context, METAC’s assistance focuses on enhancing banking sector resilience, supporting the authorities’ efforts to bolster the monetary policy framework, strengthening cash management and fiscal transparency, fortifying the management of large taxpayers, and improving national account statistics..
Advertisements
Great shots Dan. I see from the tags you may have been in an R22. Don’t think I’d get in one of those as their track record is a bit suss. Maybe it’s what they are put thru when mustering that causes the odd crash.
October 13, 2011 at 2:22 am
Thanks Merv. Good point about the R22. Some of the mustering stunts these guys do in a 22 is insane. As far as I know its a safe machine, and is really the only type of heli thats available in regional parts of Aus for aerial work. Its such a small heli you feel like you could fall out of the sky.
October 13, 2011 at 2:32 am
Love the cattle shot
October 14, 2011 at 7:29 am
Thanks Julie
October 14, 2011 at 7:59 am
Exceptionally beautiful shot of this amazing terrain! Great work 🙂
December 17, 2011 at 5:17 amTuesday, November 4 - The SCC Men's soccer team hosted #1 ranked Lindsey Wilson College in a Mid South Conference Match today. The match was close through the first half with the Blue Raiders from Lindsey Wilson scoring twice and taking a 2-0 lead into halftime.
In the second half, SCC cut the lead in half when Orest Arendacz scored off a low cross from Jonathan Foster. Late in the half, Lindsey Wilson added 3 more goals to put the final score at 5-1. With the loss, SCC finishes the season 6-11 overall and 1-5 in the Mid South Conference.
Want more from Genius Kitchen?
Watch on your Apple TV, Roku, or Fire TV and your iOS, Fire, or Android device.Learn More
“This is from a book called Oven Baked recipes by Nita Mehta. From my mum's collection storing it here for reference and sharing”
Chicken With Olives and Tomatoes
0 recipe photos.
-
get the genius kitchen app.
Watch on your iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Roku, or Fire TV.Learn More
Chicken With Olives and TomatoesCourtney Love: Frances has Kurt Cobain’s ‘sick’ humor
Courtney Love thinks her daughter shares Kurt Cobain’s "sick" sense of humor.
The Hole frontwoman admits she sees a lot of her late husband – who took his own life in 1994 – in 24-year-old Frances Bean and is "so proud" of her offspring.
She said: "Well she looks a lot like him so there’s always that. She’s enigmatic like he was and she’s got a very dry, kind of sick sense of humor that he had. I mean, he had a really sick sense of humor but dry and she’s able to cut people down with one line like he was able to do. He was really good at that.
"I’m so proud of her. She won’t do anything until she does it on her own. She’s very stubborn that way."
While the 52-year-old rocker used to have a fractured relationship with Frances, these days they love to hang out together and share a lot of interests.
Speaking on ‘Good Morning America’, she said: "We like to do art together. We like to play guitar together. We hang out a lot. We live about two minutes away from each other, so I see her quite often. She’s a great kid."
Meanwhile, the ‘Malibu’ singer has been working on her autobiography but she fired her ghost-writer for wanting her to divulge too many "sleazy" stories.
She admitted to ‘Late Night’ host Seth Meyers: "I’m on my second ghostwriter. The first one was too tell-all."
Instead, Courtney wants her autobiography to be a "tasteful" memoir that keeps readers entertained.
She said: "I want a co-writer. I don’t want to write it myself, and I want somebody to make it funny and true."
Courtney has a "lot of secrets" that won’t make her book, but she’s happy for tales that have leaked online to be shared.
She said: "It is fun because my Wikipedia, a lot of things leaked. If it’s on my Wikipedia, it’s fair game."
Take Flight: The Best Airlines in the World Right Now
AirlineRatings.com recently come out with its annual ranking of the world’s best airlines. A lot of factors determine what is and isn’t a satisfactory inflight experience: passenger reviews, safety rating, ...Looking for somewhere with the facilities, staff, and experience to host your volleyball teams? City Beach Volleyball is just the place you’re looking for. We’ve served countless volleyball teams for games, tournaments, team-building, parties, and much more. Here you can find out more about what City Beach Volleyball has done for volleyball teams in the past and how to book your next session.
Volleyball Teams and Programs at City Beach
The following teams are available at City Beach Volleyball. Please note that most of our programs fill up fast, so the sooner you contact us, the better!
Competitive Power Teams
Our Competitive Power Teams are developed to push players to their performance limits and foster an atmosphere of support and encouragement among teammates. This competitive model allows the team to perform as well as possible at national events like the AAU National Championships and Junior Nationals. Take a look at the 2018 schedule below.
Invitational Competitive Development Teams
Our Competitive Development Teams manage playtime in a manner that supports the development of skills and traits that help players focus on improving their game and working together. Invitational teams will play against Power League and Premier League team at all the NCVA’s largest events. Take a look at 2018 season information below.
Area League Competitive Development Teams
Competitive Development Teams offer the same benefits as Invitation Development teams – but they also compete in local AAU Pacific Leagues. Find out about the 2018 schedule below.
Youth League Recreational Teams
Youth teams at City Beach Volleyball offer a more laid-back, fun-focused program for younger players. Players receive the same excellent coaching, but the emphasis is on fostering a love of fitness and volleyball as well as developing social skills through teamwork. Find out more about 2018 sign-ups below.
Boys Teams
City Beach Volleyball also has competitive programs available for boys volleyball teams. Find out about the upcoming 2018 season, but please be aware that the schedule is currently tentative and subject to change.
Financial Aid Opportunities
At City Beach Volleyball, we understand that volleyball training can be expensive. We offer a small amount of financial aid that can be awarded based on, but not limited to, financial need, years with City Beach, or number of siblings playing with us. Applications must be submitted after an offer is received but prior to accepting a spot on a team.
Players receiving financial aid may be asked to contribute to City Beach in return through activities such as helping with paperwork, uniform fitting nights, administrative duties, etc. All information will be kept confidential.
If this sounds like what you’ve been searching for, contact our indoor beach volleyball center today. Whether you’re looking to join a team or looking for a venue that’s dedicated to serving volleyball teams, we’ll work with you to make sure you get the most out of your City Beach experience.June 27, 2017
According to data provided by Zacks Research, Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) has a consensus target price of $297.933 on the stock. Out of the polled analysts providing targets, the high is currently $315, while the low is resting at $210. Analyst price targets may vary depending on the individual method used to calculate the estimate.
Turning to earnings, analysts are expecting Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) to post a current quarter EPS of $1.87. This consensus number is compiled by Zacks Research. For the period ending on 2017-03-31, the company reported EPS for the quarter of $1.83. The resulting surprise factor from the difference between the reported number and the consensus estimate going into earnings was -0.54%. After a company reports earnings, the stock may see increased activity. The next earnings report date is scheduled on or near 2017-07-25.
In terms of analyst ratings, Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) has a current ABR of 2 SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM) are projecting that the shares reach $36.8 within the next 12-18 months. This is the consensus number derived from the 15 analyst reports taken into consideration. The most bullish, or aggressive analyst target pins the projected price at $50, while the most bearish, or conservative analyst sees the stock reaching $16.
Broker Rating Update on SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM)
Zacks provides analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations. Shares of SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM) currently have an ABR of 1.85. This is based on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Moving to earnings estimates, for this current fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have projected that the company will post $-0.3 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts will likely revise their estimates leading in to the actual results date.
taking a look at the most recent period, which closed on 2017-03-31, SM Energy Company reported EPS of $0.18 for a surprise factor of 150%, calculated by being $0.54 away from analyst projections.
Investors will be marking their calendars for 2017-08-01, when the company is planning to release their quarterly results.
Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.
By DR Staff Writer