Schizophrenia is known to be associated with subtle changes in brain anatomy. Postmortem studies have shown that the brain as a whole is smaller in people who have suffered from schizophrenia with less grey matter in the medial, temporal and frontal lobes, the cerebellum and the thalamus. A British study looked at pairs of twins. Some twins both suffered from schizophrenia, in other pairs one twin had the disease and the other did not and some pairs were both well. The researchers gave all the twins MRI scans and looked at the thalamus and the area of brains cells linking the two halves of the thalamus called the adhesion interthalamica. The study found that schizophrenia was linked to a reduction in the size of the thalamus although the adhesion interthalamica was not affected. This led the researchers to conclude that a smaller thalamus could be a good indicator of the genetic link to schizophrenia.
Ettinger, Ulrich ... [et al] - Magnetic resonance imaging of the thalamus and adhesio interthalamica in twins with schizophrenia Archives of General Psychiatry April 2007, 64(4), 401-409
-This post is called Coastal Kitchens Gold Coast. You can download all the image about Coastal Kitchens Gold Coast for free. Here are the image gallery of Coastal Kitchens Gold Coast, if you like the image or like this post please add with us to share this post to your interpersonal mass media or save this post in your device.
There a wide range of plenty images of Coastal Kitchens Gold Coast. You can find out or you can searchJanuary 16, 2018
Submitted by: Green Power Conferences
Categories: Environment, Environment
Posted: Mar 17, 2008 – 11:00 AM EST
Three weeks to go to the Sustainable Manufacturing Summit
Three weeks to go to the Sustainable Manufacturing Summit
CHICAGO, IL - March 17, 2008 - With only three weeks to go, leading.
"The organizations involved in the Sustainable Manufacturing Summit are outstanding and Kimberly-Clark is excited to be participating among this group of leaders in the field," says David Spitzley, Product Sustainability Manager, Kimberly-Clark. "I think the combination of the strong topical agenda and knowledgeable individuals involved should make for an excellent event." web site at:
For more information, please contact: Annie Ellis, +44 207 801 6333 annie.ellis@greenpowerconferencesJun. 25, 2015
How did you begin your morning today? A coffee, a shower, a jog? For two hospital supporters, their day started with a phone call - telling them that they had just won the biggest prizes in the London hospitals’ 50/50 Plus draw and the Dream Lottery draw.
St Joseph’s Health Care Foundation President and CEO Michelle Campbell kicked things off at the Dream Lottery home located at 1865 Sumac Way, as she drew 50/50 PlusTM ticket number 187748 at 8:45 a.m. The ticket was purchased by Trudy Smith of Toronto, who takes $417,120 - which is half of the 50/50 PlusTM prize pot.
“I’m overwhelmed, I just don’t even know what to say,” Smith responded when asked if she had any words she would like to share with the media.
When asked if she had ever thought about what she might do if she won, Smith, who has been a long-time supporter of the lottery, said she knows exactly how the money will be spent.
“That’s plopping right down on a house,” she says.
At 9 a.m., Children’s Health Foundation President and CEO Susan Crowley drew ticket number 099916 for the Dream Lottery’s Ultimate Grand Prize. Crowley then called ticket purchasers Fred and Jean Van Tooren from Miller Lake, a small community on the Bruce Peninsula, just south of Tobermory.
Jean Van Tooren was at home when she took the call.
“No way, oh my God!” Van Tooren responded when Crowley told her that her ticket had won the Ultimate Grand Prize.
“I always buy a ticket,” she says, before asking Crowley to confirm what the prize was.
After hearing that she and her husband had won their choice between one of four home packages or $1 million all in cash, Van Tooren asked in disbelief, “This is true? This is no scam?”
The home choices include a home in London with $250,000 cash, a London condo with $500,000 cash, a Grand Bend home with $500,000 cash, or a downtown Toronto condo in the Fort York district with $500,000 cash.
Van Tooren didn’t indicate if she and her husband were leaning towards any particular option.
In addition to the Ultimate Grand Prize and 50/50 Plus tickets drawn today, several Grand Prize and other winning numbers were drawn yesterday (June 24) at the office of Deloitte LLP, 255 Queens Avenue, Suite 700, London, Ontario. All winning numbers were drawn under the supervision of accountants of record from the firm Deloitte LLP.
The primary purchaser of each winning ticket will be contacted by phone and/or mail. The names of major prize winners will be published on Thursday, July 2 in Our London. A complete list of winners will also be posted online the same day. All lottery rules, along with details on prizes and cash alternatives are listed on the lottery website.
Dream Lottery supports Children’s Hospital at London Health Sciences Centre, St. Joseph’s Health Care London and London Health Sciences Centre.
More Quotes:
“On behalf of the Children’s Health Foundation, I would like to thank everyone who helped support the Dream. Thanks to you, children, youth, adults and their families from Southwestern Ontario and parts of Northwestern Ontario, will continue to receive the absolute best specialized services and exceptional care.”
Susan Crowley, President and CEO, Children’s Health Foundation
"Thank you to all those in our region who purchased tickets for Dream Lottery. Through your support, the 1.5 million men, women and children cared for by London hospitals each year will benefit from innovative technology and equipment that might not otherwise be possible."
Michelle Campbell, President and CEO, St. Joseph’s Health Care Foundation
“Thanks to everyone who bought Dream Lottery and 50/50 Plus tickets. By supporting our local lottery, you benefit patients from across our region who rely on the dedicated efforts of doctors, researchers, and staff at our London hospitals.”
John MacFarlane, President and CEO, London Health Sciences Foundation
- 30 –
Together, London Health Sciences Centre, Children's Hospital at London Health Sciences Centre,: 7184 50/50 PlusTM - lottery licence: 7183Olive Oil Appreciation- Uses and Promotion
Olive Oil Production, Food and Education
Education Ministry of Andalucía, Jerez, Feb 2006.
Appreciation of the Olive Tree and Olive Oil
Area of Development and the Environment, City Council of Barbastro, Spain, Nov 2005.
The Astral Universe of Olive Oil
Ministry of Industry, Trade and Tourism of Castilla y León, Zamora, April 2001.
Sensory Evaluation of extra virgin olive oil
Theory and practical course for producers and consumers of Australian olive oil commissioned by the International Olive Oil Council for the Australian Association of Olive Oil. Adelaide, Australia, 1997.
Theory and practical course for professional Chefs, maitres and sommeliers at the School of Hostelería of Zamora. Under the auspices of the European Community.
Sensory Analysis of olive oils
Postgraduate training in Specialist in Sensory Analysis course for the Universidad Politecnica of Madrid, 1996.
Sensory Evaluation of olive oils
Postgraduate training course in Gastronomic Journalism for the Universidad Carlos m of Madrid, 1996
Tasting of Spanish Products: Olive Oil, Wine, Cheese
Organised by the Spanish Tasting Union (Union Española de Catadores) for the Syracuse University in Madrid, 1994.We originally published this story in MyHoofprints.com, August 28, 2013
Also: Watch our Horses in History slide show.
Joseph Messier did not have death on his mind when he halted on a piece of ground downstream from the military’s Camp Collins in 1862. What he did have was an alias, perhaps a little gold in his pockets, and an eye for opportunity.
The hulk fainted
He was fresh from Colorado’s gold rush, which if you knew where to look, could be a very good thing. Joseph had learned another lesson: One should beware of a certain beautiful Native American maiden, especially when there was another man involved. That other man, a hulking mule shoer, had objected. It ended in a duel in Denver, but not in death. The hulk fainted as the combatants faced off, one newspaper reported.
True love it seemed, was not in the cards for this darkly-handsome young bachelor. At least not yet.
Joseph surveyed his surroundings. He had first passed through the area in 1860 while traveling with the Captain Reynolds expedition to Yellowstone. Here, along the Poudre River, this place beckoned: land high enough to stay safe from floods, easy well digging, grass everywhere, and a shallow river crossing for horses.
It would make superb farm land, and sitting along the Overland Stage route, the property’s exposure would draw business. If things got really rough, he already had a neighbor: Laroque Bousque, left, another French-Canadian, had settled directly across the river.
The only snag in the plan
The only snag in this plan was the Native American woman who owned the land Joseph wanted. Her husband was dead however, and it could be she was ready to sell out. Joseph’s good looks probably helped seal that deal.
“He was six feet in stature, straight and lithe in form. His complexion was tawny, but clear, his eyes were large, full and flashing, and his hair and beard black as jet.”
– The (Fort Collins) Express newspaper,
February 11, 1881
At age 22, he became the proud owner of 160 acres of paradise. Joseph busied himself with the life of a hero, not to mention farming and empire building.
‘Torrents of water’ plunging like waves
In 1864, the weather got ugly. Winter snows fell deep, and spring melts flooded the lowlands. On June 9th, a rain storm sent torrents of water “plunging like the waves of the sea under the impulse of a gale”, according to Ansel Watrous, the area’s premier historian, left, from whom much of this tale emerged. Camp Collins, the military outpost a few miles up the river from Joseph’s claim, was instantly flooded to the tent rooftops, and soldiers barely escaped with their lives.
Joseph told the bedraggled crew they should move what was left of their camp to a spot south of the river, on his east border. It was high enough to protect from floods, and provide early warning in case any Native Americans, angry over being pushed out by the United States government, attacked. In a letter endorsed by Abraham Lincoln, the acting interior secretary ordered the move, specifically noting Joseph’s claim. Perhaps as a thank you, Camp Collins named Joseph and his partner as sutlers (suppliers) to the new outpost. It could also be that Joseph spied an opportunity to attract new customers when he became the first postmaster a year later.
Into the horse business
Camp Collins did not last long, and was abandoned by soldiers in 1866. Ripples of the Homestead Act of 1862, which offered free land to settlers, had finally reached the Colorado Territory and Fort Collins. With Colorado’s 1876 statehood looming, the government threw open the camp property to pre-existing squatters and local entrepreneurs. Joseph, well into breeding and selling horses, in fact, well into any kind of horse-propelled business he could think of, had sold his farm to Henry Forbes, and moved on to acquiring more land, as well as putting Fort Collins on the map.
Love at last
In all the excitement, Joseph finally made room in his life for love. It could have been a fried chicken dinner or a breakfast of pork chops and eggs. We don’t know, but in 1867, while on a freight trip, Joseph discovered the superb cooking and companionship of young Luella, 10 years his junior. Luella worked for her father at his hotel on the Overland Trail in Longmont. The two were married in 1870, the second marriage in Fort Collins’ history. In due course, Luella bore Joseph four children.
Sheriff on the hunt
The years saw Joseph’s star on the rise, especially his sheriff’s star. Not limiting his politics to launching the Colorado Central Railroad Company, or convincing the populace to make Fort Collins the county seat, Joseph agreed to be the first county sheriff. He distinguished himself with bravery, especially in the matter of chasing down the woman-molester, Happy Jack, who after jail time, escape, and lengthy pursuit, mysteriously “disappeared”.
‘Busted and disgusted’
Newspapers followed the pursuits of Joseph’s trotting horses, and a particular horse “Sam” turned heads, sending one writer “busted and disgusted” out of Boulder, Colorado. In other horse pursuits, Joseph’s stage line to Cheyenne wooed customers with advertisements for convenient pick up at local hotels, and the newspaper and family documents duly noted his new livery sign and hay sales.
At one point Joseph paid the highest taxes of anybody in the county. Perhaps he needed a feed store for all of his livestock when he bought what is today Ranch-Way Feeds from Auntie Stone.
50 acres to start a university
Besides helping others get a start in the bustling metropolis of Fort Collins, with an 1878 population of 1,200, Joseph performed an immense act of generosity and donated 50 acres to help build what is today Colorado State University.
If Joseph had planned a career as a pioneer hero, he couldn’t have asked for more. But Joseph never expected what happened February 9, 1881.
The horse balked
Coming home from a visit with an ill Mr. Sherwood, who owned land east of Fort Collins,.
If you know horses, you know that running over rough ground with a horse in tow is difficult. Joseph stumbled and fell.
Luella and her mother halted the team and turned back to Joseph. He lay still. The women went to his side and found him unconscious. With the help of bystanders, they loaded him into the carriage and bore Joseph home.
62 shards of skull
When they laid him down, they discovered the worst: Joseph had been kicked in the head.
“… the fracture was nearly the shape of a horse shoe, one heel calk cutting through the skull just back of the right eyebrow, and the other in a direct line back of the ear: the arc of the shoe extended from those points to a point a little above the turn of the head, or above the temporal bone.”
— Fort Collins Courier, February 17, 1881
Joseph swung in and out of consciousness. Local doctors pulled 62 shards of skull out of the wound. Joseph’s partner frantically summoned Denver specialists by train, but could not get permission for a special train run because the railroad owner was on vacation. Those who loved Joseph gathered round. At one point he rose and recognized friends and family. He was able to sign his will, but could last no longer. Joseph died February 11, 1881 at age 41. He left behind Luella and their small children.
Lost: The Father of Fort Collins
At Joseph’s funeral, citizens packed the church and poured out into the street. The population of Fort Collins, now 1,356 people give or take a few, produced a procession of mourners a half mile long. We had lost the Father of Fort Collins.
“Joe … was entirely devoted to the interests of Fort Collins and Larimer County. He was always ready to help newcomers get a start here – he would lend them money, fit them out with teams to till the soil, and assist them in a hundred ways,” reported the Fort Collins Express. “’He never thought of Joe,’ said an old friend of his … ‘but always of somebody else.’”
Joseph who?
If you ask most people today about the French-Canadian named Joseph Messier, they will probably shake their heads. You see, Joseph changed his name when he came to this country. We knew him as Joseph Mason.
Joseph Mason’s grave was relocated in the great 1887 local cemetery move to Grand View Cemetery. The people I’ve run into in Fort Collins look blank when you mention Joseph Mason. I guess we’ve pretty much forgotten him, but Wikipedia remembers the Father of Fort Collins. At least we named a street after him. When you ride Fort Collin’s new MAX rapid-transit system, look out the window. You are on Mason Street.
Found: The original farm
Joseph’s original farm, the heart of that river parcel he bought more than 150 years ago, exists today at our place, 930 N. Shields St.
The proof
A little Googling of Shields Street history will give you your first historic clue with a mention of Joseph Mason and Shields Street. Alvina Desjardins, the granddaughter of Joseph’s neighbor, Laroque Bousque, more famously known as Rock Bush, remembered the property, which “bordered Bush’s to the south” in an article she wrote for the April 13, 1987 Fence Post. Rock Bush’s farm location is backed up by the 1915 map of the Irrigated Farms of Colorado. (Note: The specific map link, Northwest Quarter — Townships 6-9 North, Ranges 66W – 69W;, will not load on computers low in RAM.) Joseph Mason and Rock Bush lived in Section 2 of Township 7, Range 69W. When the map was made, a Mr. Kenedy owned our place. To get your bearings, look for T.7N. on the left margin of the map, head right a little bit and stop at the intersection of the Poudre River and Shields Street.
Ansel Watrous references Joseph’s farm location in his book, “The History of Larimer County” (p. 320), as well as Joseph’s sale of the land to Henry Forbes (p. 216). Ansel would have first-hand knowledge of the property, as his uncle, William Watrous, owned the property for many years, as well. If you use government land ordinance records to look up Henry Forbes, you can see the property on yet another digital map, and you can find Rock Bush’s parcel across the river. Joseph’s property location is also noted in the Fort Collins History Connection.
Joseph Mason’s historic farm
Fort Collins has spread, and Joseph’s farm has shrunk to 19-and-a-half acres. The City of Fort Collins owns much of the former acreage in the form of Martinez Park, city offices and the city yard, which houses its big-truck, big-construction resources.
Joseph’s farm is in the crosshairs of a major Shields Street widening by Larimer County (delayed until 2015 due to the undisclosed “historical nature” of several properties in the project), a city sewer connection heading north under the river, city bike trail improvements on its north border, and a housing development on its east border.
If you are walking or driving by, look for the farm at the southeast corner of the Poudre River and North Shields Street. Up the bluff above the river, many of the old buildings peek out. Once the Twin Willows Tea Room, with an old tale all its own, the farm is today Poudre River Stables, where people live daily the fabric of history that Joseph Mason first wove – a love of horses, haying, the harvest, and the land.
You might also enjoy:
Joseph Mason’s April 1865 letter from Camp Collins
Case cracked: Overland Stage stop, a founding father, and the mystery of the Twin Willows
Our historic farm to be part of the Fort Collins 150 exhibit at Museum of Discovery
‘They came slowly out of the forest …’ – Bambi meets bulldozer
Fleming: Mason may be most influential founder of city
Thanks to:
John F. Hoffecker, PhD, University of Colorado, Boulder; specialist in archaeology and human paleoecology, for alerting me to the connection between Joseph Mason and this property.
Mark Emery for solving the first clue in the property’s history puzzle when he found the Twin Willows Tea Room menu.
Carolyn Blackburn, archivist, City of Greeley Museums, for her help locating the 1915 map of the Irrigated Farms of Colorado.
The archivist on duty at the Discovery Museum who helped me Saturday morning, August 24, 2013, with the Mason Family and Rock Bush vertical files.
ColoradoHistoricNewspapers.org for its wonderful resources.
One thought on “Gruesome end for Father of Fort Collins; historic farm revealed”SaaS marketing is a tricky task that poses a number of challenges that most other marketers don’t face. Software as a Service, or SaaS, can be described as a method of distributing or delivering software. The software applications are centrally hosted by a service provider. So, you can see how it’s incredibly difficult to successfully market this service. SaaS marketing involves dealing with something that’s not only constantly changing, but also lacking a physical presence.
17 Proven SAAS Marketing Strategies
In this post, I’ll discuss some of the best SaaS marketing strategies to help successfully market your SaaS service to your target audience.
#1 Clearly display the price
Clearly showing how much your customers need to pay is one of the most important points to SaaS marketing. Build the pricing page in such a way that potential customers can quickly decide whether or not they can afford the price. In the example image below, the monthly and annual pricing details for Vimeo Plus can be clearly seen.
#2 Give away free stuff
Unlike marketing physical products, SaaS marketing allows you to give away the full product for free to promote it. In fact, free trials are among the most effective marketing tactics for SaaS services. The key is to have an effective strategy that gets users to make a purchase later. Below, you can see how Ahrefs offers a free trial to visitors.
#3 Offer fewer choices
Too many different choices can confuse potential customers, which may result in them abandoning a purchase. While four is a popular number for the variety of pricing plans offered, three might be better. A case study published on Unbounce showed how a 16.93% increase in conversions after the number of registration options was reduced from four to three.
_3<<
However, the new form below requires users to enter just over 10 fields to complete the sign-up process. Hassle-free sign-ups are crucial for SaaS marketing.
#5 Improve customer experience
Even if you have excellent products at great prices, you won’t really get ahead if your customers don’t have a good experience. A great way to ensure a better customer experience is by making your service as personalized as possible. For instance, send them a personalized welcome email once they complete the sign-up process. You could also send out such emails when you notice that active customers are slipping.
#6 Create good deals
For SaaS marketing, getting users to pay upfront for a long period can help with the cash flow. Give customers good deals for a long-term contract like Ninja Outreach does. In the following image, you can see there’s a 25% off discount for a one-year contract. Retaining your customers for a longer term works wonders for your revenue. In fact, Gartner Group reported that 80% of your future revenue will be from just a few (20%) of your existing customers.
#7 Engage users through important milestones
With SaaS marketing, it may be easy to get trial user, but it can be a huge challenge to convert them into long-term customers. This may be simpler if you improve customer engagement. Try creating success milestones like in the case of Hint Health. The company created key events, such as inviting other people to try the app and configuring their email address. After a few weeks, Hint Health was able to get a 10% increase in sales and pricing reviews.
#8 Speak to the right audience
For any business, attracting the right audience is one of the most basic steps to successful marketing. Even if you’re selling a great SaaS product or service, it’ll be of no use if you’re not selling to people who need it. Optimize your website’s content with the right keywords. Then, promote the content and your brand through the right platform for your target audience.
#9 Generate and manage leads better
Making conversions will be a big challenge if you can’t generate leads. In relation to the previous point, you need to be able to identify the users who are most likely to sign up for your SaaS. In the case of VolunteerMatch, a simple tweak in their CRM (customer relationship management) platform worked magic for their lead generation. Since they were now able to identify hot leads more efficiently, there was a 60% decrease in the percentage of lead conversion loss (from 40% to 16%).
#10 Allow customers to compare easily
Most people compare products, features, and prices before making their final purchase decision. Improve your customer experience and conversions by making it easier for your potential customers to compare various plans. In the image below, you can see how Trackur has clearly displayed the prices and benefits of different plans.
#11 Give different currency options
This tip is especially necessary if you’re starting a global SaaS marketing campaign. Give your customers the option to view prices in different currencies. Basekit has done this perfectly in the image below.
#12 Help customers choose
Assist your website visitors in understanding the differences between the various SaaS plans you offer. This will make it easier for them to make a choice that satisfies them. In the following image, you’ll see how SEMRush has explained which plan is most ideal for whom.
#13 Reward incentives for referrals
Building a bigger customer base and increasing conversions is the main goal of SaaS marketing. You can do this by asking existing customers to refer you to their friends. In return, you should offer them something for free. For instance, Dropbox offers extra storage space if you refer a friend.
#14 Improve your value proposition
It’s especially easy for well-established brands to experience an undifferentiated growth in conversions and leads. It’s sometimes necessary to revamp your company’s value proposition to generate new leads. In the case of DonorPro, developing a better brand strategy helped the business increase its revenue by 37% and leads by 70%. Their logo was redesigned to prominently display the core selling proposition, “Power Your Purpose.”
#15 Be more playful
Like I’ve already mentioned earlier, increasing user engagement in your SaaS marketing can help improve your conversions and customer experience. Add some playfulness to your pricing page to increase engagement. In the Heroku pricing page below, users have the option to drag the “Worker Dynos” and “Web Dynos” sliders. This action results in a change in the prices.
#16 Set up a proper refund policy
Whether you offer no refunds or a 30-day money back guarantee, make sure your users are clearly informed about this. You could display it among your FAQs or create a separate page for your terms of service like Monitor Backlinks does. Either way, customers must know how things work in your SaaS. Using this SaaS marketing strategy will enhance their experience and build trust.
#17 Have a clear CTA
What do you want your audience to do? Do you want them to ‘sign up for a free trial’? Or do you want them to ‘buy now’? Whatever it may be, ensure they know the next action they should take. Experiment with different call-to-action buttons in terms of sizes, colors, fonts, and wordings. Run an A/B or split test to see which works best in generating the most conversions. The image below shows how Mixergy creates clear CTA buttons with the names of their plans.
Do you have any other SaaS marketing tactics you’d like to share? Enter the discussion in the comment section below!
Good stuff, Shane! I like how you give examples of companies actually doing it. Ahrefs rocks!
Thanks Darren! I agree…Ahrefs does rock! 😉. get what she wants.
Will Zill and Vayle’s bond be able to survive the exterior forces that seek to pull them apart and possess them for their own?
Amazon iBooks Google Play Nook KoboThere are numerous reasons that will make your offline Storage Table (.ost) document corrupted or damaged. We categorize them into two classes, i.e., Hardware reasons and Software reasons.
At any time when your equipment or hardware unsuccessful in achieving required goal like collecting data or moving information of your Exchange OST documents, the OST records will probably get damaged or corrupted. There are essentially three types:
There are numerous strategies to avoid or minimize the OST document corruption because of hardware issues, for instance, UPS can reduce the sudden power cut issues, Redundancy Network (alternate instances of network devices) can decrease the network failure and unavailability, and utilizing dependable hardware gadgets can likewise decrease the odds of information corruption.
Additionally numerous Exchange OST record corruptions happen because of software programming related issues.
For your reference, we have gathered a list of normal corruption and issues in Exchange OST record, which incorporates the indications and complete clarification when an OST document gets corrupted.
You can utilize our excellent application OST to PST Converter Application to regain and repair your corrupt data of OST files?Fr
"We the Common" by Thao & the Get Down Stay Down
"From a Window Seat" by Dawes
Saturday, October 4:
Star Stage
11:00am Whograss
12:30pm Bad Luck Jonathan
2:10pm Justin Townes Earle
3:55pm Mavis Staples
5:45pm Chris Isaak
Banjo Stage"Home" by Johnnyswim
Bandwagon Stage
Bandwagon Stage
11:40am Horseshoe Hill
2:00pm Willie Watson
3:20pm Heidi Clare
On Saturday, the Gold Stage is an ecclectic array of talent - Red Baraat is Funk, Deltron 3030 is Hip Hop, Built to Spill is Indie Rock, and Social Distortion is Punk. So, if you are looking for variety, this is your stage!
"You Never Need Nobody" by The Lone Bellow
"Home Is Not Places" by Apache Relay
"Ben's My Friend" by Sun Kil Moon
"Different Days" by Jason IsbellWaterman Medicare Insurance Quotes
Waterman, IL USA
Phone: 877-716-4397
Hours: 24/7
Supplement Medicare Waterman IL 60556
Are You Looking For Medicare Supplement Insurance Comparison Waterman IL
If your mobility is seriously challenged, either by an injury or a debilitating disease which leaves you hard of walking, or even difficult of standing in place for prolonged durations of time, and you are looking into Medicare, Medigap, and Secondary wheel chair Insurance coverage to help you defray the expenses of a movement device such as a Medicare wheel chair or Medicare power wheel chair, then you are reading the ideal details. By the time you finish reading you must have a better info that can assist you decide
Medigap extra insurance coverages are administered by regional insurance business which can compete differently by private insurance business. Most most likely, secondary insurance coverages would contribute to the power wheelchair purchase if Medicare contributes.
Caveat: Another, more subtle distinction in between Medigap and Medicare secondary insurance coverage for a wheelchair is that Medicare itself has fixed costs on particular types of movement equipment such as Medicare power wheel chairs. There may or may not be such limitations with secondary insurances for a wheel chair. So in case of you needing a pricey power wheelchair (and the expenses of those might go up to $8,000 and more), a Medicare plus Medicare Secondary Insurance mix might serve you better than Medicare plus Medigap.
Medicare to swell with Baby Boomer onslaught Waterman IL
Picking the ideal option of Medicare insurance strategy is the most important assistance regarding to the best choice of Medicare supplement insurance strategies. You must take advice from insurance agent concerning to insurance plans, which prepare will be most advantageous to secure your life as to live wealthy and healthy life. You ought to keep lots of things in the mind, if you are going to buy best chosen insurance coverage plan by comparing with other strategies.
Medical insurance coverage strategies are generally utilized to get the support for aged and handicapped individuals to pay attention more about their extreme medical treatment costs, which makes them more worried and uninteresting. In regular situation, medical strategies are extremely advantageous plans to fill the gaps and coverage and they do not get any responsibility to pay the overall expense charged. Importantly, one candidate should register in both Medicare parts A and B prior to applying an application for any kind of insurance coverage plan.
Millions of people enjoy this sort of insurance coverage plans, first of all you ought to register in both parts A and B relying on eligibility and age limitation, while others likewise await registering in Part B after the retirement from services. You need to be more mindful and aware about the insurance plans.ver, while picking the best option of Medicare Insurance coverage may be the best option to go through various kinds of documents for all insurance coverage prepares for better protection of medical expenses. It is extremely great point to keep in mind that there are lots of excellent options that should be considered more in this respect. In this regard, you should take assistance from some expert insurance coverage representatives, who will offer complete support for the better plans making your future more useful.
Explaining The Two Options For Medicare Gov Waterman IL
Medicare prescription drug coverage, also referred to as Part D, has gotten a lot of attention over the previous 18 months. believe the program is benefiting elders in a considerable method, considered that now more than 39 million, or 90 percent, of those qualified for Medicare have help spending for their drugs.
What many individuals do not recognize, nevertheless, is that the law that brought about Part D included more than just prescription drugs. Referred to as the Medicare Modernization Act (Mixed Martial Arts) of 2003, the law likewise contained other steps to enhance Medicare, such as the coverage of extra, preventive health services.
Some seniors might already recognize with preventive services. They are frequently healthcare screenings or tests that are carried out by a medical professional to understand a patient’s existing health status or to predict possible health dangers. Identifying and dealing with a condition early on can lead to much better health outcomes-and preventing something prior to it starts can be even better.
Medicare initially started covering preventive services in 1981. Throughout the years, as knowledge has actually increased, brand-new services have been included, consisting of:
A one-time “to Medicare” physical test;
Health screenings for cardiovascular illness, breast cancer, vaginal and cervical cancers, colo-rectal cancer, prostate cancer, glaucoma, diabetes and bone density;
Influenza and liver disease shots; and
The most recently added preventive service, cigarette smoking and tobacco-use cessation.
Medicare – the Fierce Democrats-vs-Republicans Race for the House Waterman IL
Inning accordance with the of Medicine, the meaning of patient safety is the freedom from accidental injury due to medical care or medical mistakes. They even more define medical errors as the failure of an organized action to be completed as intended or the usage of a wrong strategy to achieve an aim [including] issues in practice, items, systems and treatments.
Which is why Health Grades, an independent health care scores organization, has actually been carrying out a yearly Patient Security in American Healthcare facilities study of security incidents which occur amongst hospitalized patients to assist Medicare recipients and other customers to compare and evaluate hospital patient-safety performance.
Health Grades Analyzes Patient Data
This is the 6th straight year in which Health Grades has actually analyzed patient security among Medicare recipients for practically all health centers (almost 5,000) within the United States. Their findings are based upon 15 signs of client safety.
The study discovered that while the variety of events which occurred among hospitalized Medicare patients fell a little below the one million mark in 2009, the number of injured did not differ greatly from previous years. These incidents created an extra $8.9 billion in yearly health care expenses. In addition 99,180 Medicare patients passed away as a result.
While healthcare facilities have worked to carry out strategies aimed at minimizing preventable patient-safety events, the federal government continues to encourage medical facilities to adopt safe practices by developing a zero-tolerance policy for preventable hospital-acquired issues. Toward that end, as of October 2008 thes for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) ended reimbursement to hospitals for the care of 11 conditions when they are a direct result of the hospitalization.
The patient-safety events that ranked signs which showed enhancement consisting of problems connected to anesthesia, failure to rescue, chosen infections due to healthcare, post operative hemorrhage or hematoma, post operative abdominal injury dehiscence and unintentional leaks or lacerations.
Plus of the almost 5,000 healthcare facilities included in the research study, 238 healthcare facilities in thirty-nine states were recognized with the HealthGrades Patient Safetylence Award. One-third of these hospitals were found in 6 states.
There are 2 important aspects to keep in mind. When a medical facility is not rated, it suggests it had too few cases to be eligible. When a health center is ranked as the very best, it means their patient-safety record is better than expected based upon their patient population, placing them in the leading 15 percent of healthcare facilities. The report further suggests that if all health centers had actually carried out at the highest level, roughly 211,697 patient-safety events and 22,771 Medicare deaths could have been prevented thus conserving the U.S. almost $2.0 billion.
Waterman Medicare Insurance Specialists
Waterman, IL USA
Phone: 877-716-4397
Hours: 24/7Saint-rene Postal Codes
Saint-rene city is located in Quebec, Canada
You can search for the Saint-rene QC postal codes by its streets and block numbers
Saint-rene Area Code is 418 and Time Zone is Eastern (GMT -05:00).
Saint-rene Postal Code - Quebec
Saint-rene Postal Code is a six-character string that forms part of a postal address in Canada. Like British and Dutch postcodes, Saint-rene - QC postal codes are alphanumeric.
The first three characters (alpha-numeric-alpha) of the postal code which represent a geographic area in Saint-rene.
The last three characters denote a Saint-rene local delivery unit (LDU). An LDU denotes a specific single Saint-rene, Quebec, such as a university or a hospital, or a business that receives large volumes of mail on a regular basis
If you want to send a mail to Saint-rene City, you should use the corresponding Postal Code.I do have to stay out of sight though. If Jack catches a glimpse of me, or even hears the steps creak, he's immediately at the gate saying, "out, out, out." So I hang out in the office and listen to him play. Which means I only get to experience half of his creativity - the aural half. In between phone calls and emails I listen to him ring off the names of everyone in our family - "mama, dada, Jaaaaack, Jewwww", reading one of his gazillion books, talking to his "horey" (horse) or bouncing balls over the gate.
But every once in a while I catch a glimpse of Jack's genius, a peak into the workings of his little developing mind. Like the night I was washing dishes while the boys were bonding in the playroom. Jack ran into the kitchen saying, "Yook, Jew, yook!" So I peaked around the corner, immediately called for Jon and then grabbed the camera:
And then there was the time he decided to share his popcorn with the farm animals. Word spreads fast in "Playroomville" and before I knew it all animal caricatures had gathered at the bowl.
But one of my favorite moments was after the popcorn feast, when I noticed the animals were perfectly placed on each colored square. It's times like this when I really wonder what my child is thinking!
But I didn't have to wonder long. A few minutes later I heard Jack laughing hysterically and saw just what it was that he was up to:
Oh Jude, your brother has so much to teach you!
5 comments:
there is nothing funnier to me than a child laughing :)
He's so creative, and his laugh is adorable...I couldn't help but laugh with him!
okay, the video at the end just totally made my day!! laughing out loud down here in Clearwater! way toooo cute!! :)
Thanks everyone, we think he's pretty entertaining ourselves! :)
He's very ingenious!!! Adorable!Forest Glen Weather
Terrey Hills Forecast
Now15.8°C
Updated at 04:30 EDT
Sydney for Wednesday Partly cloudy. Winds S/SW 30 to 45 km/h tending S/SE 20 to 30 km/h in the late morning and early afternoon.
Currently at Terrey Hills24-hour graph
Next 12 hours in Terrey Hills48-hour forecast
6am
9am
12pm
3pm
Sydney Weather Warningsview all
Coastal Strong Wind/Gale Warning
National Forecast
Terrey Hills 7-day Weather Forecast
Terrey Hills Sun & Moon Times
Terrey Hills Past 5 Daysthis month
Terrey Hills Year To Date
Terrey<<Each painting is a small piece of life.
I have been painting all my life. Everything that happens in my life requires a new understanding and turns into images, embodied in my pictures, sculptures, drawings, etchings and lithographs.
Things which are unreal in everyday life, become real. And my task is to make them real, so that I could exist in this space, bask in these images and participate in this activity. Thinking about the observer never occurred to me. I create my own universe, but if it turns out congenial to the spectator, and if it gives birth to accordant associations, then he accepts it.
The world around me is fantastic, inexplicable and incomprehensible. Using my own tools, in my own way, I am trying to perceive it and explain it to myself. If nobody could ever see my world, all the same I would create it again and again, because this is what I am living for.Article Text
Abstract
Background The proliferation-inducing ligand (APRIL) and B-cell activating factor (BAFF) are associated with primary Sjögren's syndrome (pSS), because they affect B-cell activity – possible key factor in the pSS pathogenesis.
Objectives The study aimed at determining the correlation between serum concentrations of APRIL /BAFF and markers of pSS and of systemic inflammation.
Methods We evaluated 3 groups: (i) 41 patients with established pSS diagnosis (according to AECG criteria and ACR criteria 2012); [the mean age 51±15.3; 82,9% female (F), 17.1% males (M)]; (ii) 32 subjects with symptoms of dryness (other connective tissue diseases were excluded)[the mean age 56±12,46; (93,75%) F, 2 (6,25%) M], and (iii) 24 healthy volunteers [the mean age 43±12,4; 19 (79,2%), F and 5 (20,8%)M]. Laboratory tests were performed, including establishing inflammatory parameters: erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), serum concentration of C-reactive protein (CRP) (range 0–10 mg/l), concentrations of gamma globulins (g/dl). ANAs titers and patterns were determined by an indirect immunofluorescence method with HEp2 slides. Anti-SSA and anti-SSB antibodies were detected by a dot-blot method allowing semi-quantitative evaluation. Serum concentration of APRIL and BAFF were measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Minor salivary gland biopsies evaluating the number of inflammatory infiltrates foci [focus score (FS) of mononuclear cells above 50] were performed. The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of NIGRR. Differences between groups were analyzed using U Mann-Whitney test (continuous variables). Correlations between variables were assessed with the Spearman correlation coefficient. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05
Results pSS patients had significantly higher serum concentrations of BAFF and ANAs (Mann Whitney test p<0,015, p<0,000 respectively), but not of APRIL, compared to the healthy control (HC) group. There were no differences in serum concentration of BAFF and APRIL between pSS and sicca (S) group. Positive correlation between BAFF and APRIL serum concentrations was found in HC group (r=0,469;p<0,05), but not in pSS and S groups. In S group BAFF positively correlated with CRP (r=0,446;p<0,05) and ANAs positively correlated with a presence of anti-SS-A, anti- SS-B antibodies and a level of gamma globulins. In pSS group there was a statistically significant positive correlation between the concentration of APRIL and: (i) ANAs (r=0,569), (ii) anti-SS-A (r=0,313), (iii) anti -SS-B (r=0,424) and (iv) gamma globulins level (r=0,408). In pSS group ANAs positively correlated with FS (r=0,455).
Conclusions 1. BAFF correlates more closely with an inflammatory reaction, while APRIL with a prolonged autoimmune response, that favoures the production of autoantibodies. 2. Lack of statistically significant differences in the concentrations of BAFF and APRIL between pSS and S group may be explained, based on other studies, by a local BAFF overexpression in salivary glands in pSS group or by an influence of EBV infection or reactivation in both groups (data not shown). 3. Positive correlation between FS and ANAs may suggest a role of ANAs in a local inflammation.
Acknowledgement Financing of the work – research grant NCN 2012/05/N/NZ5/028.Notes
Quintessential Classic Rock tracks that are popular and exemplify good music. A must-listen for every classic-rock lover out there.
Artists: Led Zepp, The Beatles, Pink Floyd, Queen, and many more.
Limitations: Upto 2 Tracks per Artist as per 8tracks' policy.
More songs to be added.
Please leave feedback or track suggestions in the comments. Thanks.
(Add me on Last.fm @ last.fm/user/Lavi91)
Annotations taken from Wikipedia.com, Songfacts.com, Songmeanings.com
1 comment on The Best of Classic Rock
@Ray_mundoo January 09, 2014
Directo a mis favoritos.⃠Vulfix shaving brushes are great quality that you would expect from England. They offer a variety of grades of badger hair from Pure, Best and Super. The loft on these brush to be on the taller end of the spectrum, but the quality is evident from the moment you open that first Vulfix box. They have been one of our best "value" brushes and are often the brand people try first. However, while they offer many lower priced options, do not ignore their No. 40 and No. 41 models. They rival the best in terms of performance.Focus: A cockler's tale
It took Jiang Zhao five months to travel from China to Morecambe. Gareth Walsh, Richard Woods and Michael Sheridan retrace his steps
These were some of the modern serfs of western economies: the poor migrant labourers, just like the 19 who drowned off Morecambe Bay 10 days ago while working as cockle pickers. Last night it was claimed that the real cost may be higher than the bodies so far recovered indicate.
At a special service at the Morecambe Central Methodist Church Sister Gina Tan told the congregation that five bodies have still not been found. “There were 24 dead. Nineteen bodies have been found. Another five bodies are at sea,” she said.
Whatever the final toll the questions about such immigrants remain: why do they come? How do they get here? What do they find? Most Chinese illegal immigrants are reluctant to talk, fearful of deportation.…Established in 1954 IDV is a not for profit community service organisation dedicated to delivering support services to people with disabilities in the Northern metropolitan region.. Our objective is to work with our community partners, to provide sustainable and meaningful opportunities for people with disabilities.
As an employer of approximately 100 staff, we are committed to creating a culture of equality.
To enhance the lives of people with a disability by providing individually designed services to achieve their goals and aspirations.
To be recognised by our Clients, Families, Community and Peers as providing excellent services to people with a disability.
IDV exists to enhance the lives of people with a disability by providing individually designed services, to achieve their goals and aspirations.! This home features: Covered Patio, Optional Second Floor Bedroom, Optional Game Room.
Amenities
- New Construction Yes
Subdivision: El Mirador at Mira Lagos
- Price Range $274.9K - $505.2K
- Sqft Range 1,913 - 3,609
- Subdivision StatusActive
- Learn more about this Subdivision
- Learn more about this Plan!House Plans With Rear View is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for motivation about you search. The exactly dimensions of House Plans With Rear View was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to House Plans With Rear View by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about House Plans With Rear View just motivate another button or prior button; or if you are considering similar pictures of House Plans With Rear House Plans With Rear View on Facebook, Route, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Guy de Maupassant Quotes.
Maupassant was a protégé of Flaubert and his stories are characterized by economy of style and efficient, effortless dénouements. Many are set during the Franco-Prussian War of the 1870s, describing the futility of war and the innocent civilians who, caught up in events beyond their control, are permanently changed by their experiences. He wrote some 300 short stories, six novels, three travel books, and one volume of verse. His first published story, "Boule de Suif", is often considered his masterpiece.Attention, attention: Portland Police officers did not engage in any controversial shootings of civilians this holiday weekend.
Oregon state police troopers, however, can't say the same. In what looks to be a use of force incident with murky details, state trooper Justin Lane shot and injured 37-year-old Clackamas resident Scott Lee Campbell as he walked down 82nd Avenue on Sunday afternoon.
Compare the police and witness accounts of what went down. The state trooper side, via KATU: Police took reports of a reckless driver in a gray Ford Courier pickup truck cruising around SE Portland on Sunday afternoon. The truck allegedly was involved in a hit-and-run that left property damage, then was abandoned on the side of 82nd Avenue.
- Alleged knife-weilder and reckless driver Scott Campbell
"Trooper Lane was driving on Southeast 82nd Drive when he saw a man who matched the driver's description walking on the east side of the road. The trooper attempted contact with the man who then displayed a knife," reports Oregon State Police in a press release. "During the early seconds of contact, the man - later identified as Campbell - was compliant with the trooper's orders. While holding the man at gunpoint awaiting backup, the man became non-compliant with the trooper's orders. Trooper Lane fired more than one shot from his Glock 40 caliber handgun, striking Campbell twice and injuring him."
A witness account of the incident, from a courier driver on lunch break, makes it seem like Campbell was being mostly compliant. Via KGW:
[Witness] David said the trooper ordered Campbell to stop, to which he complied. Campbell got down on his knees with his hands behind his back according to David. He then rose to stand at the request of Trooper Lane said David. At that point, David said, Campbell pulled a knife from his back waistband or pocket and tossed it to the ground behind him. Trooper Lane requested Campbell to pull up his sleeves to reveal his forearms. Campbell complied according to David. Then, suddenly, Campbell turned and picked up the knife from the ground.
"The guy turned around and grabbed the knife from the bike path and I heard the officer say stop," said David.
David recalls hearing four definitive shots and possibly a fifth. He said Campbell fell to the ground as Lane and an second law enforcement officer told him an ambulance was en route.
One disturbing revelation in this case: the state police have only three Tasers in the Portland area and only 40 Tasers statewide for their 700 officers. The trooper who shot Campbell did not have a Taser on hand.
We'll have more on this case as it develops.What, I must get some of these. In fact, I’ll show you another picture of these ginger candies as a bonus for today’s post.
After it’s been pulled long enough, the ginger is cut into bite-size pieces and hardened. The spiciness of the candy is dependent on the age of the ginger, the older the ginger is, the more spicy the candies will turn out. To be honest, I couldn’t take any of it. The candies were too spicy for me. I felt like my mouth was on fire.
Technical Details
Picture 1 (top): Sony NEX-5T v. 1.00 (f/4, 16 mm, ISO-1000, 1/160 sec)
Picture 2: Sony NEX-5T v. 1.00 (f/4.5, 24 mm, ISO-1000, 1/160 sec)
8 thoughts on “Photo of the Day!”
Interesting! 🙂 nice photos too
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks. 🙂
Reminds me of pulling taffy.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yinglan, I love the way you are presenting such a novel way of life to this Oklahoman. Things I could look up but will not take time to do so, you put right out here for me to enjoy. Thanks.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you, Oneta, glad to hear you like that. 🙂
Wah! My mouth is watering…that’s a favorite treat, and I really like it over-the-top spicy. The best I’ve had was in Malaysia, but that looks (and sounds) like a contender!
In Japan, the tradition is to make ginger candy by simply saturating slices of raw ginger with hot sugar-water or honey for several days, and then drying it like a persimmon. The liquid left over from the saturating process is considered medicinal.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I find it interesting that although it’s all called the same thing, the way to make it is so different.
LikeLiked by 1 person
my mouth was on fire..lol..your mouth was in love..
LikeLiked by 1 personHomeBrowse DVDs East Coast Swing
East Coast Swing (Basic/Intermediate)Login to rate video
- Starring:
-
- Producer:
- Level:
-
- Genre:
-
- Format:
- Running Time:
- Release Date:
- Availability:
-
Summary
This is a complete beginner's course in East Coast Swing. How To Become a Good Dancer by Blanche and Emilio teaches 15 beginner and intermediate figures in each of the above dances. They use a progressive and interchangeable system where figures (moves) build on one another and they show how some figures (moves) can be used in various dance styles.
You may also like
Swing Dancing for Beginners Volume 2
Learn & Master Ballroom: Swing...
Learn & Master Ballroom: Swing...
East Coast Swing, Vol. 2 - Intermediate
East Coast Swing: Intermediate
JitterBal: Moves & Combos
Dance Lovers: Swing (Single Time)...
Dance Lovers: Level 2 Ballroom Course
East Coast Swing Variations (Bronze...
American Rhythm Bronze East Coast...
Strictly Rhythm Variations
The Ultimate East Coast Swing...
JitterBal: Spins & Turns
World of Swing DVD #9 - Secrets of...
Lindy Hop Library: 6-Beat - Disc 1
World of Swing DVD #10 - Master Trick...
Member Reviews
There are no reviews yet.
Login to submit a review
Login to submit a reviewRockin’ Baby Sling Pouch – 21 Lindsey!
SnuggyBaby – 48 momtoem!
- following Creative Madness through GFC
lejn05@yahoo.com
SleepyWrap – 105 L Brons!
- I would love to try the natural organic because it would go with so many outfits and be more neutral if DH wanted to try (other wraps are more fem colors). However, they have two pretty blues in the pic on your page on on their site that don’t appear available. Bring back a lighter blue!
Li’l Peeper Keepers – 36 L Brons!! (someone is lucky today!)
- Follow you on Feedburner
BabyEtte – 89 Garner5!
- I’m subscribed to the BabyEtte feed in google reader. Thanks!
lisalmg25 at gmail dot com
So email me by Monday!! Thanks to all the incredible participants!!
Lindsey said… 21Doctor, DOCTOR! We need you to operate on these tonsils. Come, Hurry.
Play Operate now: Tonsil surgery right now on KBH Games. One of many Puzzle Games Free for your entertainment. Operate now: Tonsil surgery is part of our Doctor, Hospital, Nurse, Operate, Puzzle, Simulation, Surgery, and Tonsil catalog of games. If you like Operate now: Tonsil surgery, also try out Operate Now: Pericardium Surgery, Operate Now Appendix Surgery, and Operate Now: Nose Surgery. We have the best collection of Online Games from the most talented game developers and publishers. Operate now: Tonsil surgery received.3/13/2015
8 Comments
Great excerpt Alana! I can feel her emotion. The book topic sounds interesting too.
Thank you Cindy! It's been interesting to write too
Yet another great excerpt, Alana! I know many missionary kids who felt second place to their parents' ministries. Kennedy's feelings in this snippet definitely bring up the hurt often felt in situations like these.
This is encouraging validation from someone on the field. Thanks!
This is an interesting excerpt! I look forward to reading this one, too.
Thank you so much Sherry!
This really makes me think about the feelings of the children of pastors and teachers. I wonder how many of them feel overlooked or "less than" expected.
I think about this for our pastor kid boys too. It's not easy for them!While we’ve all heard of Medtronic’s problems with their Sprint Fidelis leads breaking and causing faulty electrical signals to the heart, this is a new one: pacemaker patients could be subject to a hacker remotely jolting their heart. According to a story published in the Wall St. Journal, it’s possible for someone to transmit radio signals and interrupt, stop, or otherwise alter the instructions that the doctor has programmed into the defibrillator. Presently, only doctors can buy a defibrillator from one of the major manufacturers such as Medtronic, Boston Scientific, or St. Jude Medical. However, this safety precaution does not prevent someone with the technological skill to hack into a defibrillator system because that system receives instructions via radio waves. As the Journal article mentions, this is a theoretical risk and not an actual risk since no one has reported such behavior.LEED GREEN ASSOCIATE | COURSES
LEED certification continues to grow in Europe and to support this growth GBCI Europe was established.
The presence of GBCI in Europe will support the growth of LEED certification in Europe and knowledge about the LEED certification will become increasingly important.
If you are interested in learning more about the LEED® certification or if you want to become a LEED Green Associate, Green Living Education is offering online courses this fall October 18th until November 1st.
Preparation to the LEED Green Associate Exam: The combination of this course with the Core Concepts Course is intended for professionals that want to prepare for the LEED Green Associate Exam. This course can be taken after completing the Core Concepts Course and lasts from November 15 until December 13.
If you are interested, do not hesitate to get in touch.More lawmakers open to greater gun control: “The U.S. gun industry faced a new set of challenges to its financial and political power gave a stronger signal of President Obama’s support for reinstating a ban on assault weapons.” (Washington Post)
New at Think Tanked: Open for Discussion! After Sandy Hook: What can be done to curb gun violence in America? Four experts discuss what policy measures can be taken to combat the complex problem of gun violence. (Washington Post)
Buy back guns, boost the economy: ,” writes CAP’s Matt Miller. (Washington Post)
AEI’s Jonah Goldberg: On Newtown: Mourn first, then act. (National Review).” (Washington Post)
The ‘fiscal cliff’ offers: Dueling White House and GOP perspectives. (Washington Post)
The endless lies about tax reform: “Almost,” writes AEI’s Ramesh Ponnuru. (New York Post)
Politico’s Arena asks: Should Congress have to work on solving the fiscal cliff through the holidays?
Manhattan Institute’s Diana Furchtgott Roth: Three lost issues in the ‘fiscal cliff’ debate. (Washington Examiner)
Manhattan Institute’s E.J. McMahon: By the time they near the end of their second year in office, it’s not unusual for first-term governors to shift their focus from tackling problems to taking bows — and Gov. Cuomo certainly has been no exception. (New York Post)
Room for Debate asks: So many Americans end up in prison for so long, and sometimes find little or no support after they are released. A recent Times editorial called for measures that would reduce spending on prisons. A series of letters to the editor followed up with proposals for sentencing reform. Now Room for Debate is asking: Given that most inmates will one day be released, how should incarceration change to prepare people to rejoin the outside world? How can a prison sentence change a person for the better? (New York Times)Yeah, we can’t believe it, either. We want to try on our best Don LaFontaine voice. “In the future world of 2018…”
And that’s as far as we’ve gotten. “…you will believe that a famous chef sends out an apology for sexual harassment that includes his recipe for cinnamon buns“? Nobody would believe that.
“You will believe that Gregg Easterbrook watched football on New Year’s Eve”? That might work.
After the jump, this week’s TMQ…Quebec’s finance minister prepares Wall Street for autumn of protests
New York City (New York) 12 May 2015 – Speaking at the Yale Club in New York City this past week, Quebec’s finance minister Carlos Leitão wanted to warn the financial district in the US that this fall will probably be very tumultuous in Quebec as far as protest marches and protest rallies are concerned.
He explained that unlike most places in the US and Canada, all of Quebec’s collective agreements with its employees come due at the same time, which means everyone (unions) is going to be demonstrating their disagreements at the same time. “It should make for some great TV”, uttered Laitão.
When questioned by the Quebec La Presse newspaper about the affect of seeing the images on TV, which will probably be on CNN at one point, the finance minister explained that it will simply show the world that Quebec is a democratic society and that people have a right to protest freely. When asked if he wasn’t worried that Quebec’s image may be tarnished by the media coverage, M. Leitão replied that “yes it may be a surprise for some people” but he is hoping that it won’t be as bad as in the fall of 2012.
When asked about the huge debt burden that Quebec is supporting vis-a-vis American investments, the minister said “Not to worry, although Quebec is in debt for $200 billion, everything is under control and that the province has money in a generations fund set aside to help reduce the debt on an annual basis.”
In summing up, with all the austerity measures going on in Quebec right now it appears the situation with the unions is going to get worse before it gets better.
About Author
Related Articles
Write a Comment
Only registered users can comment.This week's selections come from three artists who currently headline an expanding musical genre combining hip-hop with indie rock, two favorites of mine. Although I know next to nothing about hip-hop, I really dig how the clever lyrics are rhythmically layered over indie tracks familiar to me, resulting in something completely new and sometimes, quite fantastic.
The first track is by a relative new-comer to the music scene, Hoodie Allen, from New York. In addition to releasing his first album, Making Waves, available free here, he's currently promoting his killer new single, "You are not a Robot," featuring the indie group Marina and the Diamonds.
Although technically a remix, Wale's "W.A.L.E.D.A.N.C.E." is just one of several by the D.C. rapper where he performs over another artist's song. Here, Wale raps over "D.A.N.C.E.," a track from the French house duo, Justice, who admitted admiring this remix in an interview with Pitchforkmedia.
The last featured artist may very well be considered the "godfather" of this genre, Philadelphia's very own, Chiddy Bang. Consisting of Chidera Anamege, aka Proto, and Noah Beresin, aka Xaphoon Jones, Chiddy Bang arrived on the music scene and made an immediate name for themselves with their unique fusion of rap and indie songs from groups like Radiohead and MGMT. From the band's first album, The Swelly Express, the Sufjan Stevens based track, "All Things Go," is an exemplary example of just how novel and exciting this type of music can be when done right. Happy Music Monday!Banyard, V. L., et al. (2010). "Friends of survivors: The community impact of unwanted sexual experiences." Journal of Interpersonal Violence 25(2): 242-256..
Dunn, P. C., et al. (1999). "What date/acquaintance rape victims tell others: a study of college student recipients of disclosure." J Am Coll Health 47(5): 213-219.
The authors surveyed 828 college students and found that approximately one third (n = 282) of the respondents reported that one or more women had told them that they had been raped by their dates or acquaintances. The 282 respondents who knew 1 or more victims of date/acquaintance rape reported on a total of 396 victims. The number of victims identified by respondents ranged from 1 to 3 or more (1 = 73%; 2 = 19%, 3 = 5%, > or = 4 = 3%). Reactions to disclosure offered by these respondents were generally supportive of the victim. The respondents' reactions suggested that there is a continuing need to educate students about the incidence and risks associated with date/acquaintance rape and the possibility of disclosure, particularly by friends or dating partners, and brought out some possible helpful and some counterproductive reactions to such disclosures.
Nicksa, S. C. (2012). "College students' self-predicted reactions to witnessing sexual assault: The impact of gender, community, bystander experience, and relationship to the victim." Dissertation Abstracts International Section A: Humanities and Social Sciences 72(7-A): 2579.
This dissertation presents findings related to how college-aged bystanders would react if they witnessed a sexual assault at a typical college party. Using a hypothetical sexual assault vignette, a college-student sample (n=299) was asked to predict their willingness to intervene directly, indirectly, or request external help on behalf of a victim. Using gender, community, social learning, and relationship theories as a framework, this study focuses on the role that gender, sense of community, past experiences in bystander situations, and the nature of the victim-bystander relationship play in bystanders' predicted willingness to intervene. Regression analysis confirms that women are more willing to intervene in indirect or external manners, and that sense of community is not significantly related to willingness to intervene. Also, bystanders are more willing to intervene directly if they have had previous positive experiences intervening as a bystander, and are more likely to intervene directly on behalf of the victim if she is a roommate than if she is a stranger.
Sorenson, S. B., et al. (2014). "Knowing a sexual assault victim or perpetrator: a stratified random sample of undergraduates at one university." J Interpers Violence 29(3): 394-416.
Rape awareness and prevention programs are common on college campuses and a potentially useful way to reach large numbers of young adults. One largely unexamined potential mediator or moderator of program effectiveness is the personal knowledge of student audiences. In this study, we assess the prevalence of knowing a victim and, notably, a perpetrator of sexual assault. A stratified random sample of 2,400 undergraduates was recruited for an online survey about sexual assault. A total of 53.5% participated and yielded a sample representative of the student body. Sixteen questions were modified from the Sexual Experiences Survey to assess whether participants knew a victim of any one of eight types of sexual assault. Findings indicate that students begin college with considerable personal knowledge of sexual assault victimization and perpetration.. Knowledge varied substantially by gender and ethnicity. Students' preexisting personal knowledge should be included in assessments of program effectiveness and, ideally, in program design.Notice - Try our new software now! Available for Android, PCs and other devices.
Community Free Support & forums
GoalBit open source software has been developed through the years thanks to the dedication of every member that has participated, many still involved today in an active way!
Help and User Support
Documentation
The Goalbit Project has been around for now several years. There has been a lot of documentation on its architecture and protocol, although not always 100% accurate or complete. In this opportunity we are making our biggest effort to make available the most neccesary and accurate documentation, for both developers and users. We are trying to centralize it in our Wiki, Forum and research page. Please feel free to navigate through them and use them for your needs.
I need help with the GoalBit Media Player
Although there is still no user's manual, the very first place to start may be the Wiki. The Goalbit Media Player intends to be as intuitive as any other player to open and play files, but if you are looking for more specific details the answer might be in the Wiki or in our Forum. In any other case the VLC documentation may even help you, and never forget the search engines!
I need help with broadcasting
Information on broadcasting can be found in the Wiki. The Goalbit Media Player can be used for broadcasting, but this usage is not as simple as how to use the player, luckily the Forum can be accessed too as well as the VLC documentation (our broadcasting code is based on it).
Developers
I'm getting started installing GoalBit video platform on my systems
We like to hear that! It is not a straightfoward task as installing the player, but we have included documentation in the Wiki about it. Nevertheless, a little experience in related stuff will be very helpful.
I would like to develop GoalBit
To become a member of the Goalbit Developer team may not be a straightfoward path, but we believe that the development in the VLC media player (in which Goalbit's source code is based) is the best project to do so. After the learning stage many satisfactions come with it. A high level of commitment is needed, and it worths all of it. If you are convinced of becoming part of the Goalbit development team please contact the project administrator at the SourceForge page.Welcome to our guest book, thanks in advance for the time you take to pour a comment about our hotel and services we offer.
Rest assured that these will be considered a priority for our administration in order to improve the experience of our guests.
Click on the button below and comment it. When finished close the window to return to our site in English.
This post is also available in: SpanishYes, we have our appointment with Dr. Kwak-Kim scheduled for July 22nd. At this point, I have no idea if our insurance will be covering any of this appointment or not. It doesn’t matter; we are going through with the testing. We simply need to know what we would be facing if we decide to go through with fertility treatments again in the future. At this point, we know that we would have to go through IVF again and we all know what that costs and it is time consuming enough in itself. After seeing Dr. Kwak-Kim our RE is pretty confident that we would be adding several more treatments to that mix (like IVIg treatments which are VERY costly and time consuming on their own). All I need to say is that both of us are TEACHERS. If you are a teacher or know someone that is you will understand what I am saying. Sooooooo…..yeah, I don’t see that anytime in our near future. Maybe I should start playing the lottery.
As soon as I left that office, I felt a huge since of relief come over me. My RE said it herself; she has done all that she can and now we need to try something different. Even if we never cycle again, I will know that I have exhausted all of my avenues. As scary as that is, I think that I am o.k with that. My RE was very encouraging that most people that go to Dr. Kwak-Kim don’t miscarry again, but there is never a guarantee.
Our journey, but not our plan… now it’s starting to be our new plan.
11 comments:
Your frustration is clear through your posts and understandably so. I hope that your new doc has answers for you. Hang in there until that appointment...it will be here soon.
Hang in there girl....Ive def been here and its not a fun place to be....time will heal your pain...and I know seeing Dr.Kwak will give you new hope...it did me at least...and her I am now...not in safe place yet but def fighting everyday...with money me and my hubby dont have alot of it either but with the IVIG so far I am getting around that...dont lose hope and keep the faith the most even when it is the hardest...Peaceful thoughts go your way:)Kristi
Wanted to add to that Dr. Kwak does believe in natural cycles we tried forever and finally got prego with our first IVF but ended quickly in a chemical loss....then we got pregnant on our own would have never thought that would have happened...but miscarried...then prego again for FET but chemical loss...Then prego on our own and another loss....and now we did IVF so that we could really control the situation but to be honest I think we could have done it on our own again....Dr. Kwak will test everything and who knows maybe if IVF is out of the question maybe you can go back to less invasive with immune tx...and there is alot you can do in forms of supplements to really get your body in gear...I did all of this before our cycle and am currently on supplements now...if you are interested shoot me an email and I will send you the info...Also are you from IL? I am:) take care
I hope you get some good answers from testing with the specialist. Good luck and I'll be following along with your journey.
DH and I are both teachers, too, so I feel your pain in more ways than one. I hope that some answers are forthcoming. Big hugs.
Jo
Glad you made it through your appointment. Big hug to you. I hope you get some answers at your appointment on the 22nd.
I'm sorry it's so frustrating with unexplained IF. I hope the new dr will be able to provide answers.
Closure....such a simple concept, so tough to achieve. I hope you find the answers you are looking for. I know how hard it is to go back to the "scene of the loss." I am now on my third OB office for that reason - I can never go back after the trauma of another loss. Hang in there.
Hugs to you.. I'm so sorry and am hoping that the Dr. will make sense of it all for you VERY SOON!
*hugs* I am glad that you did feel some relief after your appointment. I'm praying that this new Dr. will have answers for you...
What time is your apt next Thursday? We will be there at 12:15that day....That would be funny to run into each other:)Is this your first apt with Dr.Kwak? She will def help you...she has helped us so much as you can see by the proof in what is happening currentlySponsoredby
Total $0.00
Hotel-Online
»
News
»
Sonnenblick-Eichner Company Arranges $41,000,000 of First Mortgage Financing for Hotel Eastlund, Portland, Oregon
March 7, 2017 2:54am
Beverly Hills, California – March 7, 2017 – Sonnenblick-Eichner Company has arranged $41,000,000 of first mortgage financing for Hotel Eastlund located in Portland, Oregon.
The financing was a non-recourse, 10-year fixed rate loan provided by an international money center bank.
Elliot Eichner, Principal of Sonnenblick-Eichner Company commented, “The hotel recently completed an extensive renovation and rebranding and had limited operating history at the time of the closing of the new loan. By underwriting the most recent trailing 12-month cash flow, we were able to maximize loan proceeds. We were also successful in negotiating two years of interest-only payments.”
“This new loan takes out an acquisition and construction loan that we previously arranged for the ownership,” added Patrick Brown, also a principal of Sonnenblick-Eichner Company.
Located across the street from the Oregon Convention Center in the burgeoning Lloyd District of Portland, Oregon, Hotel Eastlund is a 6-story, 168-room boutique hotel whose amenities include approximately 4,800 square feet of meeting and banquet space, the Altabira City Tavern and Citizen Baker, a rooftop deck, and business and fitness centers. The Hotel also includes approximately 1,000 square feet of street level retail space and on-site parking for approximately 131 cars. Hotel Eastlund ranks in the top 10% of Hotels in Portland on TripAdvisor and was recognized as one of Travel & Leisure magazine’s 2016 “17 Coolest New Urban Hotels in the Country.”
Tags: sonnenblick-eichner company,
Sonnenblick-Eichner Company Arranges $135,780,000 of Financing for a Portfolio of Cooper Hotels
Hospitality Funding Advises Cambria Hotels Expansion in Sonoma County, California.The Vinod & Saryu Doshi Foundation is a non-profit charity trust that supports initiatives in the fields of Art & Culture, Education and Community. It seeks to embody the lifelong passions and values of Vinod and Saryu Doshi, who believed that the mind is enriched through education and the spirit through art and culture. They have spent a considerable part of their lives supporting these causes.
The Foundation provides scholarships to financially challenged young Indians enabling them to catapult themselves to a higher economic and social orbit. It fosters emerging talent in the visual and performing arts through fellowships, performances, exhibitions and festivals. It is committed to improving the community by funding initiatives in environment protection and social upliftment.Financial Hardship
If you find yourself wondering where all your money has gone, or you are finding it difficult to pay all your bills and loans on time, we have a range of services available which can help you take back control of your finances.
We encourage you to contact us and speak to one of our friendly staff.
Communication is key to helping you find the right solution.
Here’s how we will work with you if you need assistance:
- We will respond promptly to any request or application you make to us.
- To help us help you, you will need to provide us with any financial information and documents we need to assess your situation.
- We will assist you with a realistic budget to help alleviate financial pressure where ever possible.
- We will cease any collections activity while we are considering your application or request for assistance.
- We want to help you with short-term and longer term solutions for you.
- We always encourage you to keep making whatever payments you can while we are considering your request for assistance.
- If we agree on a plan to assist you, we will summarise this in a letter to you.
- If we are unable to assist you, we will advise you promptly in writing, and
- We may refer you to a financial counselor in appropriate cases (subject to availability).
Communication is key - It is important to stay in touch and talk things through. Please call us anytime on 1300 885 480 to discuss how we can work toward the solutions you need.
To assist you with further information about financial hardship and financial tips and much more we encourage you to look at the ASIC money smart website
Questions?
Need advice about managing finanical difficulty?
4727
- VIN:1G1BC5SM7J7138875
, Passenger Airbag, Multi-function remote - Trunk/hatch/door/tailgate, Power mirrors, Tilt and telescopic steering wheel, Head airbags - Curtain 1st and 2nd row, 1.4 liter inline 4 cylinder DOHC engine, 153 hp horsepower, 4 Doors, Front-wheel drive, Fuel economy EPA highway (mpg): 40 and EPA city (mpg): 29, Tachometer, Compass, External temperature display, Tire pressure monitoring system, Knee airbags - Driver and passenger, Daytime running lights, Dusk sensing headlights, Interior air filtration, Satellite communications - OnStar Guidance, Speed-proportional power steering, Stability control - Stability control with anti-roll, Clock - In-radio display, Front seat type - Bucket, Rear bench seats, Intermittent window wipers, Privacy/tinted glass, Trip computer, Video Monitor Location - Front, Rear defogger.... This Chevrolet Cruze is a must see! Priced below MSRP!!! Why pay more for less*** PRICE DROP... All smiles! They say All roads lead to Rome, but who cares which one you take when you are having this much fun behind the wheel. This gas-saving Vehicle will get you where you need to go!!!One of the youngest Studio Artists, Robin has made a name for herself throughout Ontario with her craftsmanship, eye for details and creativity. She uses gemstones as inspiration; often creating a piece of jewellery around a stone. Created in gold and sterling silver, Robin makes her fine jewellery comes to life with dazzling details and exquisite beauty.
Robin uses fabrication, forging and casting techniques to highlight the gemstones and bring the one of kind pieces to life. Her work is a combination of geometric and natural lines and shapes, all designed to highlight the stones chosen for each piece.Christmas Flowers are the popular flowers used during the festive season of Christmas. Flowers form a major part of the Christmas decoration. Poinsettia, Christmas Cactus, Holly, Christmas Rose, Ivy, Mistletoe, etc., add color to the festive decoration. Some of them bloom during December or Christmas.
Halal Hamper HL020SGD$78.00
3 Red Roses Arrangement can be carry by hand
1 Pot of Orchid Life PlantSGD$68.00 SGD$55.00
Delivery | Refund Policy | Privacy Statement | About Us | Sitemap | Contact UsSubmachine designed these business cards for La Pala Boqueria, a pizza place in Barcelona operated by the Italian owners. Submachine was invited by Ádám Bajor, the interior designer to join the design process. By referring to the classic Italian storefront signs, they use lettering while mixing in different typographic styles in the logo in order to achieve that contemporary result. The business cards were printed in warm rich black on 250gsm Keaykolour 100% recycled particles snow stock by DigitalPress, a digital printing house in Budapest.
Designed by Submachine
Printed by DigitalPress
For La Pala BoqueriaDatalength vs len in sql server
Great article. You can enable the disk Catalength priority by setting an appropriate QoS Priority Class. c:inetpubwwwrootwordpresstest. It's a very well maintained blogging platform. Todo en Slack (mensajes, notificacionesarchivosв) estГ indexado y archivado, de esta manera a travГs de un cuadro de bГsqueda wql encontrar todo lo que desees. Every host says they're the best thing since sliced bread. It doesn't, actually. He will not hesitate at all, unlike the previous group. Of course I had dtaalength the emails and tweets that I had been trying to contact the site for 2-3 days. In contrast Sqo environments datalength vs len in sql server to cost v because you are stuck in strict billing plans that allocate you a certain amount of resources sever you use them or not. Boost sales by offering customers the convenience of buying from anywhere. I've done enough research on HostGator and Bluehost and I can't agree with your recommendation, not only for the fact that they were swallowed by the EIG. In this case I would reboot your dlink router there because that where they used to be pointing to. Note: ShoutMeLoud is currently hosted on Kinsta which is a a managed WordPress hosting I started hosting them in the first quarter of 2016 never been so relaxed in terms of hosting. They offer a 99. Store files for a low monthly fee, and recall them at any time using HTTP. You'll also get free daily backups and free restores datalsngth needed. The purpose of this paper is ln present a case datalength vs len in sql server a patient with neck pain, tinnitus, and headache in the setting of bilateral ESPs and CSLs and how knowledge of this anatomical variation and symptomatic presentation affected the rehabilitation management plan for this patient. One of the company's operating philosophies is вpeople over profit' so packages are priced competitively and provide openvpn server on windows setup great value for the amount a tech packaged into the offering. This datalength vs len in sql server provides enough RAM for Follow Liker or Mass Planner to run 10-40 accounts at once,В solid up-time and 247 supportВ from GreenCloud. If you are looking for resume builder website try this - here you can store, share your resume online with 37 professional well design resume templates. Majority of the VPS benefits datalength vs len in sql server VPS are also applicable to a dedicated server. If you find that some themes are missing please leave a comment below and I jn list it here. I wanted to go with Xql but i read on reddit that they are EIG and their support is very bad. We can and we will. If we have concerns about your account's bandwidth or disk space utilization, you will receive an email asking you to reduce usage. They are making different prices almost daily, sometimes they are pushing small businesses out of business, sometimes they want to overprice because of money deficit or hardware upgrade, and sometimes, they do it because they can. I'd just upgraded to MAMP Pro so the configuration was dtaalength little different, but if you keep making sure the actions at the checkpoints work, you should be good. The company seems to focus exclusively on the shared hosting business and support is exclusively web-based, great when you are at your desk with internet access, not so much when you're away and roaming. Step 4 - Enter the NameServer details in your control panel (Domain Registrar's side), and save your changes. This means that the customer is theoretically able to use 3 TB on 10 Mbits or up to 300 TB on a 1000 Mbits line per month, although in practice the values will be significantly less. If you prefer not to have Plesk installed you can specify a No-Plesk option when ordering. The downside is that you need to be at least leen familiar with Linux. IP address is literally an xerver of your db connection url sql server. Most hosting providers offer the same core service, there are so many hosting providers that its impossible datalength vs len in sql server list all variations of features. 25 a month for your first year).More...
In my opinion you are mistaken. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
17.02.2016 at 11:37 Togis:
I think, what is it good idea.
21.02.2016 at 18:01 Zolotilar:
To me it is not clear.
01.03.2016 at 13:40 Kazizragore:
I do not know, I do not know
07.03.2016 at 10:45 Zolomi:
I think, that you are not right. I am assured. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.
10.03.2016 at 20:33 Douk:
Completely I share your opinion. Thought excellent, it agree with you.
19.03.2016 at 14:38 Moogukus:
Excuse, that I interfere, but, in my opinion, this theme is not so actual.
24.03.2016 at 22:14 Zushura:
I apologise, but this variant does not approach me. Perhaps there are still variants?Perlite deposit near Healy, Alaska
Open-File Report 169
- By:
- Clyde Wahrhaftig and Richard A. Eckhart
Links
- The Publications Warehouse does not have links to digital versions of this publication at this time
- Download citation as: RIS | Dublin Core
AbstractNo abstract available.
Study Area
Additional publication details
- Publication type:
- Publication Subtype:
- USGS Numbered Series
- Title:
- Perlite deposit near Healy, Alaska
- Series title:
- Open-File Report
- Series number:
- 169
- DOI:
- 10.3133/ofr169
- Edition:
- -
- Year Published:
- 1952
- Language:
- Publisher:
- U.S. Geological Survey
- Publisher location:
- Washington, D.C.
- Description:
- Report: 6 p.; 2 Maps
- Country:
- United States
- State:
- Alaska
- City:
- HealyAltered Book9:00 AM
(Leggi questo in Italiano)
Hello Crafters!
Pink seems to have possessed me once again!
This time, on this blog entry for Scrappando I show you my altered book....all in pink!
It was heartbreaking for me to use a real book rather than silly romance book, but I know for sure this book was going to have a...different end of "life"... LOL
I show you some details but for the whole blog entry go here.
I hope you will like the result, as always for any comments, questions, suggestions etc etc please leave a comment HERE!
Till next time, xoxo!
Housing approved at Runcorn school site
Outline planning permission has been granted for up to 120 homes at the former Riverside College campus in Runcorn.
Advised by Bilfinger GVA’s planning, development and regeneration team, the College pursued the planning consent in order to sell the Campus Drive site to a developer.
The proceeds of the land sale will be used to reinvest in the College’s other campuses within the borough.
The site has been vacant for almost two years after national funding cuts forced Riverside College to review and consolidate its property strategy.
Hollie Bryant, principal planner in GVA’s Manchester office, said: “Redevelopment of the site will bring a vacant parcel of land back into use and contribute towards meeting housing requirements in Runcorn. The site is sustainably located within the existing settlement and accords with the Council’s planning policies for this area.”
Your Comments- This event has passed.
Ice House “Fun”draiser
October 4, 2017 @ 8:00 pm - 10:00 pm$15
Event Navigation
Join Union Station’s Young Leaders Society at The Ice House Comedy club for a fundraiser and an incredible evening of comedy on Wednesday, October 4th, at 8:00 pm.
How to Help Raise Funds
- Go to Ice House Comedy
- Click on Shows/Buy Tickets
- Find your show: Wednesday, October 4th, 2017 – 8:00 pm Smokin’ Comedy Wednesday
Union Station will receive credit for your ticket purchase!
Connect Online:'Prospect of Whitby', Wapping Wall, London.
L/S 'Prospect of Whitby' (London's oldest riverside inn). M/S Taxi approaches. M/S Lorry-drivers looking on. M/S Model gets out of taxi, pays cabbie and walks away. C/U Official shows model way into 'Prospect'. M/S Another taxi arrives. C/U Lorry drivers watching models entering 'Prospect'. M/S Models approaching. C/U Sign 'London's Oldest Riverside Inn'. C/U Interior, various oddments and bric-a-brac on ceiling and walls. M/S Three models talking. C/U Hat with jagged edge, woman faces camera, then turns to show back of hat. C/U Another model wearing hat with big feather.
M/S Another model wearing black fan-shape decoration on hat. C/U Model with parrot on shoulder wearing stuffed bird on hat. C/U Exterior, sign 'To ye olde varandah overlooking the Thames'. L/S Boat on river, pan down to small rowboat on foreshore, two people try to push it out. C/U Exterior, model wearing hat with two feathers watching. C/U Stills photographer taking picture of another hat. C/U Sombrero type hat. C/U Stills photographer pan to model wearing cloche hat with spray of feathers round brim and one feather sticking up. M/S Model parading wearing small hat with feather sticking up and spray at side.
Description
'Prospect of Whitby', Wapping Wall, London.
Data
- Archive
- British Pathé
- Issue Date:
- 06/11/1950
- Sound:
- Sound
- Media URN:
- 34532
- HD Format:
- Available on request
- Film ID:
- 1283.06
- Stock:
- Black & White
- Duration
- 00:01:43:00
- Time in/Out:
- 01:06:00:00 / 01:07:43:00
- Canister:
- NP 321
- Sort Number:
- NP 321
Appears in...
- Categories
- Fashion & Music Lifestyle & Culture
- WorkSpaces
- Millinery related films 50's Fashion
Stills
We always welcome comments and more information about our films.
All posts are reactively checked. Libellous and abusive comments are forbidden.Trials to learn the outcome of his appeal against a life sentence for “separatism”, handed down on 23 September. Both cases have been marked by serious legal failures including the use of torture and other ill-treatment.
“If Gao Yu and Ilham Tohti were to receive genuinely fair hearings, the charges against them would be dismissed as blatant political persecution,” said William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International.Tom Eaton: The problem with Silent Cyril
At the end of a railway line‚ in the middle of a dusty town‚ there is a bank.
It is small‚ little more than four stone walls‚ but it is vital to the townsfolk‚ because inside those walls is a vault; and inside the vault is the money that represents all the work‚ the careful plans‚ the small triumphs and the secret hopes of the town.
And then‚ one day‚ a horrifying discovery: the town’s newspaper learns that the bank has been robbed by the Gupta gang. Even worse‚ it looks like the Gupta gang has a man on the inside. And it’s the bank’s own manager‚ Laughing Jake.
The townsfolk are enraged. Many of them had doubts about Laughing Jake when he took over the bank in 2009‚ and when he used some of their money to build himself a dream house it looked like their fears were coming true; but still‚ nobody expects a bank manager to be a bank robber.
Laughing Jake isn’t arrested (he has quietly shut down the sheriff’s office), but pretty much everyone agrees that this is bad and he needs to be fired as manager.
And that’s when Silent Cyril steps forward.
A local rancher‚ Silent Cyril has also been deputy manager of the bank since 2014. Now‚ he says‚ he is ready to take over as manager.
Some of the townsfolk like this idea. Silent Cyril is very rich‚ which seems to suggest he knows how banks work.
A few‚ however‚ have doubts. Big doubts. Because here’s the thing.
Silent Cyril either knew the bank was being robbed or he didn’t.
If he did know‚ he either refused to act‚ or was powerless to act. If he refused to act‚ the townsfolk have to assume he was either an accomplice or an enabler. If he was powerless to act against a crime he was specifically employed to prevent‚ then he is entirely useless as a bank manager.
And if he didn’t know‚ then just how stupid is he?
No‚ the facts are very clear‚ and the townsfolk should heed them. Silent Cyril is either a bank robber‚ an enabler of bank robbers‚ the worst bank manager in the land‚ or a moron.
And you still want to hand him the keys to the vault?Permanent link to this item
Bibliographic details
Auckland Star, Auckland Star, Volume XL, Issue 0, 17 April 1909
The following weather forecast is supplied by the Rev. i>. C. Bates for 24 hours from 0 a.in. this day:—"Northerly ■wind, increasing after Iβ hours" to strong winds to gale. Rain probable. Glass
Commander Blunt,: of the . 2sew Zealand drillship .Pioneer, . writing from Sydney 'unddr dite pf_April 10th, has;notified Captain G. G. Smith, Royal Naval Registrar at TVellingtbn, that the Pioneer will. arrive in, Auckland from Sydney during the first week in May. All naval reservists who are due for drill from the Auckland district are to be ready for their drill, commencing on Monday, Hay 11. ; : ■_ .. s ,: J The/travelling evangelist who writes Ms lnesaages on flnger : p6stk has managed to make a strong impression: on a Minister of the Crown. During liis recent motor liour to Mount Cook, the Hon. T. McKenzie and his party lost their way .in the wilds, ft was pitch dark, and the. only thing tfrey were positive about was that there was a sneer drop of some 1100 feet in the vicinity. The"Minister, seeing a finger-post looming on the roadside, got down and began to strike matches and peer for the inscription. Th 6 match flared and threw a feeble glow on what looked like a gibbet. Then,; in the midst of all that dark lonelinessj with the precipice yawning somewhere near, lie read, "Heaven or h. ; which is it to be?" " ; "The large number of degenerates in Great Britain is now somewhat of a menace. It is supposed that there are Something like. 10,000,000 people in England classed, as .degenerates from one cause or another," observed Colonel Burns, the managing -'.director, of Messrs. Burns, Philp and Co.< Limited, who returned to Sydney last week from a tour of , the world occupying nina months, and embracing visits to Java, Singapore, China, Japan, the United States, Canada, England, Scotland, Switzerland, and France. "I do not mean criminals," he "but undesirables, weaklings, men who have ' not been taught a trade;—in short, unemployable men. This class doee not assist a country in its progress; on the contrary, it is to a large extent a. burden on those who do produce. The .30,000,000 workers of the United Kingdom are severely handicapped by reason of the fact that they are required to maintain the practically useless 10,000,000. I am glad to be able to say that when I left there were indications of a change in the shipbuilding industry. A good many contracts have recently been let, .particularly on the Clyde, where a better state of things appears to be in view." A weMcaown Parisian botanist, re- ! cently- back from Chili> has discovered a very remarkable plant that not only breathes, tut coughs and sneezes. The least grain of dust on one of its leaves (says the botanist), or even a. passing gust of wind, is encugh to affect its sensitive system, and provokes a "fit of coughing." The leaf at once becomes red, seems to be shaken with convulsions at regular, intervals, and emits_ a sound very like a sneeze. The botanist vouchsafes no further ■ information on his amazing discovery. Fourteen prisoners were transferred from the Hokitika Gaol, now - to be ! closed, to the tyttelton Gaol, yesterday 'afternoon. The men, uilder an eScdft of police, were taken, in a special carriage from Hokitika to Otira, a special coach from Otira to Broken River, and a special'train to Lytteltpn. The Farmers' Co-operative Stores at Invercargill were visited By a'burglar on Thursday. A passer-by saw a light burning, in the building, and informed the police. " Two constables visited the scene, one going to the front door and the other to the back, but feeing unable to get inside they returned to-the police station for however, the thief leaving a pile of food just inside the front door. The directors of the Peninsula Shipping Company, together with tKe representatives of 'the insurance companies; visited Portobello, when it was decided to' abandon to the underwriters' What is left of the ferry steamer- Matariki. The directors will hold a meeting on Monday to take.steps to immediately replace the vessel by an even more.up-to-date boat, or, at any rate, one that will carry" a great many more passengers. Interesting flguree as to the .growth of the Wellington afch-dioc'ese : since Archbishop Redwood took .charge in 1874 were given by his Grace at a dinner tendered him by the Roman Catholic clergy in celebration, of his having attained the seventieth yeaT -of his age. In 1874 the Wellington arch-diocese was, he said, bracketed with the diocese of Christchurch. There were then in ■■ the combined diocese only 20,000 Catholics; now there are 50.000 in the^,arch-diocese alone. There were .only 27 priests'.in.the combined diocese; now there are 78' in the arch-diocese. Then there was no place in-which, ecclesiastical students could be trained;; now-there is a college at Wellington and "one at Auckland, and colleges ior the -training of Meanee and Mosgiel.. Then there were very few nuns; now in tlie ! arch-dioceae alone there are 345 nuns. During the progress bt the inatcb for the junior' polo cup, between Remuera and Clevedon y-este.rday afternoon, W. Hellaby, one of the former" team, received a nasty cut, over, the eye. He had to leave the field and eeek medical attendance, Tnit after Having the wound stitched was able to get about as.usual.\ The, charge,of trayening by rail .'upon an expired ticket, preferred against a youth at the Police Court yesterday was] in connection with a ticket issued for the section between New Lynn and Mt. Eden. The charge, .as stated yesterday, was -dismissed upon a satisfactory explanation having been given, ,\ There is still an air of holiday bustle about the Auckland railway platform when the big trains ■ depart and arrive. A good complement of passengers by the through train from Wellington this morning, while the.Hofcorua express went away with ten carriages well filled, the thermal township being the objective of the ; greater number. The extra «xi press to. the Thames and. King Country lines was also well patronised; largely by countryfolk returning after from holiday-making-in town. ■■ ■■■ ■ - The trustees Of the Waihi district hospital conferred with Mr Allsop, architect,, last evening, regarding the new operating theatre and, additions to the building. Several matters of detail and improvement in the hot water services were suggested. The wholesale quotations for butter and eggs for the' week eliding April 24 are as follows:—Butter (factory), i/Oj per lb.; butter (farmers'), 7d. per, lb.; eggs, 1/6 per dozen. l'he. Garrison Baiid will play .the following programme under (i. F. Cater at Eden"'Park on Sunday afternoon:— Match, "ABCDEF , (T. H. Billch); overture, "Les Truriipett-ee de " la Corunne" (Ord Hume); naval patrol, "Our Bluejackets" , (W. Rimmer>; : selection, .. "Girls Gott6nbei'g" (Z. Monckton); waltzi *'over the Waves" (A. J. Dryland) ; . intermezzo, "Cavallieria Rusiicana (J. Ewart); march, "Little Giant" (Moens), The favourite shop for juvenile clothing. From hats right down to stockings we dress the lads rightly and cheaply.— Qeo. FOwide.—iAd.) ~
The Minister -for ' JusHm Dr. Findlay), replying to ♦£ ■ * -B * made by the Mayor" of the closing of the local in) ■*** "The Government has sideration, decided to close the B<*V?" gaol. Tte number of sent m the gaor is twelve, m d •W^ cost of -keeping prisoners,™ the^^ E land prison. The immediate M *r * the State by closing the .Life" 8 ta will amount to several .thousand : per annum. Apart from; any the saving, the removal of miS? 0, the smaller gaols to the to the prison camps-, necessary classification anions tts - soners which is wholly i m * ,T. ?"• sucll a gaol as Hokitik Jl n SSb' b b e '» fore of'the immensely reauceS*, an improved system; the GoverhmS;! 1 felt compelled to close the s JSg| of the Dominion. The question of S ** vukng prison accommodation :f,?Msoners awaiting trial at the Court at Hokitika has: sidered by Colonel Hmne, aud it?^ paratively small e.vpeilse jC onßiderK few prisoners to be dealt with ■ twP , be. conveyed to either WeMinvT J "* Lyttelton. I regret this fe" forced upon us in the interesfe CT economy." . - , ™ ■■/f u,> 'K The Lending Library at the &K, : f stitute, Ponsonby. re-opens li * building on Monday Jxt. fer enee Library will be closed night for tion room continues open as liauJlJ 5 * The "Jlarlborough Hevalf • , h (r that one of the masts of thfe jjuK Penguin, has been found on tfe Hear tie Ure River/ south" or S bourne, by Mr rreeborn-Parsoris; of the. Benmore Station.- The'inasf , broken and is about 20 feet long. William John Stokes,- bush contra tor of Mare Mare, has Bled ■in bankruptcy, The first. creditors -will be . held at the 0& Assignee's office, on April 27, at: 11 i^ Revs. W. Ready and G. S. Cook : Who were appointed by - the •laetiiMetlifijt Conference to the Pitt-street circuit it this city,- will occupy the pulpits at Pitt street church ana MkAlbert' respectfc ly, to-morrow monung and official welcome by the circuit/williiijj place in connection with : Sunda-y School anniversary -on inst. ''' .7 "',, \ .'""■'■■' : y?k The Ponsonby Literary and Debatini Society announce in 'ou*. advirtieSg columns - their inaugural meetingvfo the 1900 session on" Wednesday iejt. The Rev. Macatnay GaiawellrwiU/dSTtt' an address"on "Books.". The-corinfiltfej specially invite all interested in literaiy matters to attends. .._._.. At the request of. a number, of tit ratepayers o£ Parnell.. Mr . Chas.!.E. Palmer lias "decided to stanj'fdr reftctioa at the forthcoming, poll. ' ' : .'LOST—- A. violent" ieidacliej-ffiffilj after taking Steams' Headache Cm Anyone else wishing to lose a headMhi quickly should get a box <ai thb'rertiit. remedy."* ' 1/-7. ".'"." "'": '■ Correct styles in men's, neglige shirts. There is no end to the variety of'shirt designs here. Have you aeen'oan!Geo. Fowlds.—(Ad.) Striped Amazon cloths, 2s 6d, 2a, lljd, 3s 6d; all-wool plain do., and .Bedia, unshrinkable, 2s6d, 2s lid, 3s ild,is Jld, up; dark Is lli-d, 2» 6d, 2s Hi These make good costumes, aiid ire hart also" the striped linings. Iftjd : Is \{i tt 2s 11^-yatd/ ; Snese will -Wi£'£tea[ request for this season's, use.—MeOnllagS and Grower, importers of dress goods.— :.; - ' Just in. We now lave a .splejiidiji range of ready-ta-wear suits.; B«ji nicest cut, and low Jdwldli —(Ad.) - v Velveteens.: Sp'Cciar fayottrites-for thif season. AVines, blues, brown, greeiu, etc, Is 6Jd, Is SJd; self-stripe,'bifo*iij n»vy, or grenat, IS 6§d. Our great range in fine twilled .back.' quality],; stteflially imported, in all cotoure and black,: wears well, - and jgiyes- good stftiAfaJctiott, pric» Is Hid; better numbers at- 2s fid 1 aai 3s 3d, "chiffon flni3h"; cream or aivy cords, from Iβ 3Jd"; brown, Horn Is 9Jd; green, Is ll*d, and Gower, importers of velvets.—(Ad.); Ties! Ties! Ties. The nobbiest, newMt and latest in neckwear is here.- All colours and shades.—Geo. Fowlds.---|Ai) Our establishment will remain : open until 9 o'clock this evening. Smitfi-and Caughey (Ltd.) ; — (Ad.) Fresh shipment of hosiery for vintei wear just opened, in plain ;and"TibW} bla«k Cashmere.hose, Is, Is 6d, Is lid, b 3s 6d; ladies' tan ribbed hose, Is m Iβ lid, 2s 3d; boys' wear-well hose, ail sizes, all prices;—At McCuUagil »ai Gower's.—.(Ad.) I
Auckland Star,Additionally, the application can be set up to observe the development of each driver, to ensure you should have use of every one of the figures in authentic time.
Register :Drivers have the System to sign-up directly from their cellular app, but it really gets accredited and live only once the admin approves their profile.
The organization’s merchandise is precisely as it Seems — all The fundamental tech underlying Uber’s organization, bundled for you personally to invest in and use.
Whenever, the two end users & drivers can certainly include, edit or delete any of their own personal profile data. Electronic mail templates
The bookings could be scheduled to ensure that the user will not neglect any rides plus the reserving ask for is going to be despatched to motorists correctly in the scheduled time
The Cabily taxi dispatch method was manufactured for an individual, perfectly-described intent: to produce booking a taxi much easier equally to the traveler along with the cab driver. The app takes advantage of a powerful procedure that permits people to simply decide on their place as well as the address they want to get to on the map, and select a driver to choose them for their destination. The driver will arrive in moment, and may already have the route programmed, so that optimum effectiveness might be achieved, with no want for mobile phone calls or even for communicating the address.
Motorists are having fast trip requests from consumers Although they are in several window or their display screen is turned off and by this way we could utilise our drivers in an productive manner
ScoopME, LLC is surely an Austin-primarily based startup thats main goal is to offer Secure and effective transportation for Austinites. ScoopMe's CEO, John Montgomery, is devoted to complying one hundred% with metropolis laws to ensure no down-time for riders although compensating motorists for efficiency.
How can I Command and keep track of the continuing undertaking development approach? Our staff will established an exclusive server suiting into the desires of the only real consumer.
Intended to operate on cellular gadgets over the Android and iOS platforms, Cabily gives a variety of capabilities that enable you to keep an eye on its benefits, keep track of your motorists and accurately search for all payments built in a particular timeframe.
Whilst I hope the tech field proceeds to invent brand new issues for as long as it life and breathes, the existence of corporations like Moware may sign a fresh usual in The patron overall economy.
Tranzit is really an on-demand truck reserving software depending on Chennai, India. It is without doubt one of the top transportation marketplace that connects transporters, truck-motorists, customers together with other related entities across India with the target of constructing the fabric transportation easier, more quickly and successful by delivering greater automobile.
Feedback is Among the most aspect in almost any of your assistance, inside our app user and driver can deliver responses for each other
Like most uber clone apps, it makes it possible for consumers to set a place to begin as well as a route, attain Perception on their drivers, as well as buy the taxi fare without the need of even speaking to any individual. Nevertheless, compared with most apps, Cabily features a remarkably simplified interactive person interface which makes it quick for more info anyone to accessibility it without the need of special information, and also a very customizable list of selections delivered as Element of the admin panel that will help taxi firms personalize the computer software for their own individual Exclusive demands.
The smart Trick of uber clone app That Nobody is Discussing
Additionally, the application can be set up to observe the development of each driver, to ensure you should have use of every one of the figures in authentic time.
Comments on “The smart Trick of uber clone app That Nobody is Discussing”Your shopping cart is empty!
Are you a shot-lover? Do you like to take small amount of exotic tequila shots instead of drinking a..
Rs.649.00
A twin set of Engraved Salsa Champagne Flutes are always the best accomplices of a great couple gift..
Rs.764.00
PACKAGE CONTENTS- 300 piece poker set- 2 Decks of Playing Cards- 5 Colored Dices- 1 Deluxe Heavy Dut..
Rs.3,999.00
Here are the mugs for the conventional at heart who want their beverages in full quantity and comfy ..
Rs.1,099.00
An Laser Engraved Stem Wine Glass is the best choice for a gift to all those old tough guyz in the c..
Rs.849.00
These hand painted and waterproof fridge magnets are the best way to add some color and fun to your ..
Rs.249
Contains 100 professional poker chips, 2 decks playing card, dealer buttonIdeal for ages 10+Contains..
Rs.799.00
Spin the bottle is too old now... come play in style... Roulette shot drinking game for all you casi..
Rs.1,299.00
These hand painted and waterproof fridge magnets are the best way to add some color and fun to your ..
Rs.249.00; other objects you need to create it yourself. Here’s a brief walkthrough of those steps.
Go to your Salesforce Setup and navigate down to App Setup (in some Salesforce UIs, this can also be called Build). From here it depends whether you’re setting up a standard or custom object on where you go to create the lookup field. For Custom Objects, go to Create | Objects and open your object (do not edit it). For Standard Objects, expand the Customize item, select the corresponding Object, and navigate to Fields.
Scroll down to the Custom Fields and Relationships section and click New.
Select “Lookup Relationship” and click Next.
Select “Geocode” from the Related To drop down and click Next.
Enter in a Field Label (Geocode would be fine) which typically populates the Field Name. You don’t need to change anything else on this screen. Click Next.
Leave the field as visible and editable to all Profiles (there’s no need to lock anything down because they’ll only see Geopointe if they have a license). Click Next.
The next page allows you.
Do not add any related lists for the field. Unchecked those boxes and click Save.
Once you have completed these steps, a new custom field like this should appear below the standard fields:
Navigate back to the Geopointe Setup tab and try configuring the custom object again. Walk through the basic steps of creating a map object. When you reach the address portion, you’ll notice that nothing has been populated for you..
What now?
Take some time to integrate your custom map object with Salesforce, by creating custom buttons and embedded maps.
----------.Evidence from population mixing in British New Towns 1946-85 of an infective basis for childhood leukaemia.
Kinlen LJ., Clarke K., Hudson C.
Mortality from leukaemia under age 25 was studied in British New Towns to test the hypothesis that leukaemia represents a rare response to a much commoner (but unrecognised) infection, the transmission of which is facilitated when large numbers of people come together. The density of children was higher in the rural, but lower in the overspill, New Towns than in the areas from which their incomers originated. Residents of the rural New Towns had greater diversity of origin than those of the overspill towns of London and Glasgow. These two factors would encourage a greater rise in the postulated underlying infection in the rural towns, and in these a significant excess of leukaemia at ages 0-4 was found in 1946-65. In both sets of towns there was a significant deficit in other age groups consistent with immunising effects of the relevant infection. There are parallels with feline leukaemia virus infection, in which contrasting leukaemogenic and immunising effects occur in different social settings owing mainly to differences in intensity of viral exposure.Qazi, Haroon M, Methodist Hospital of Indiana, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA, United States
- Vol 13, No 1 (1981) - Case Reports
Pilomatrixoma (Calcifying Epithelioma of Malherbe)
Abstract PDF
Islamic Medical Association of North America (IMANA) | JIMA and IMANA on Twitter
This work by Work's author(s) is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.>>.
Restored authentic Hawaiian plantation estate providing classes and accommodations on the North Shore of Maui with extensive programs for yoga, watersports, meditation and well being. Offering Farm-to-table dining, adventure classes and activities include surfing, kite surfing and paddle boarding.
Bamboo Valley Inn is a bed & breakfast nestled in a tropical hidden valley on Maui's North Shore community of Haiku. clubs.
Located directly on one of Maui's most beautiful swimming beaches, Mana Kai Maui offers all the conveniences of a condominium, along with the added amenities of a hotel. On site restaurant, grocery store, activity desk.
Are you ready to embark on a journey off the beaten path and discover the elegance of sustainable living? We are a hidden jewel on the North Shore of Huelo and once you find us~you have found Shangri-la~ the lost paradise....I might have stood before the young man but could have collapsed in tears. I didn’t. I merely told him I needed to learn to use the tablet before I left for the conference.
The girl who had originally sold it to me wasn’t at work that day. She’d been able to zip through the functions one after the other, but this fellow didn’t have a clue.
Soon, we were introduced to the company rep; neither did he have an idea how to work it. If he couldn’t, I certainly wouldn’t be able to master it.
Three days and counting.
The next day, I returned the marvelous gadget—or I’m told it’s marvelous—for a mini-lap that I would certainly be able to navigate.
Well…I used it, but it wasn’t as easy as I’d hoped. Anytime I have a new piece of technology, I have to struggle and stumble for quite some time to be able to learn how to use it.
I suppose you can teach an old dog new tricks, but it takes some doing. And I’m older than most old dogs. All of you geezers like me, how do you address this issue of learning the new technology? Whether it’s a new tablet, phone, Facebook, Twitter, blogging, or any other form of social media, how do you old coots keep up?
Any hints for this dinosaur without a clue?
4 comments:
Get a grandchild! My four-year-old grandson can navigate around his momma's cell phone quicker than a pickerel, whether it's finding and playing games, or enlarging photos. And when all else fails, paper and pencil still get my vote. Great post, Linda.
Linda, I have a degree in computers from 2001 yet things have changed so much since then, which wasn't all that long ago!!! It took me three days of constant exploring to figure out how to use my Blackberry, now I have a android. Luckily, my 25 year old daughter had one for a while and helped me figure it out. Then the new kindle, touch screen, took days to figure it all out. I still don't know everything, I'm sure. And don't get me started on the new version of MS Word! OH MY GOODNESS!!! So hang in there. Keep working with it. You'll figure it out, eventually. Next time, give your self at least six weeks before you HAVE to know how to use it...maybe???
I taught with a guy who bought or learned how to use every new tech gadget that came along. Said he wanted to stay on the cutting edge. I admired him - still do - but couldn't keep up with him. But I sure did know who to go to when I had a question. Either that fellow teacher or my son and daughter.
For on-the-go moments, I like my notebook. It's the paper kind and works well with a pencil or pen. At home my new desktop PC is a dream to keep me online, on time, and on deadline. Someday I'll splurge and get a laptop, but I've been holding off because everyone in my family has crashed at least one.
Linda,
You need a teenager. Every new tech toy should come with one. :-)you need
- shape, shoulder straps, line, needle, scissors, thimble, in some cases, pliers or tweezers, thread black, or coinciding with a touch of edge on the shoulder straps.
Guide
1
epaulets on his shirt is not sewn.They can be fixed with the help of the usual clips, threaded through a button in the pursuit.Then it is passed through the corresponding slots on the shoulder of his shirt and just crushes inside.It is a way for the lazy.If once, instead of staples to sew a button on a small thread leg, the shoulder straps can be repeatedly unbuckle and buckle back.
2
Understand with how to sew straps have only example of his jacket and outerwear.Occupation is quite laborious and occupy a certain period of time.The only good news the fact that this is done for a long time.Universal and only correct answer to the question of how to sew straps, can only give a corresponding order department, which is painted on the distance from the side seam on the shoulder epaulettes sewn.
3
Pogon is located in the bottom of the fence to the cross seam connecting the sleeve to the shoulder of his jacket.Horizontally on the shoulder epaulettes sewn so that the upper edge of 1 cm on top of the sign cross the shoulder joint.Thus, between the button on the pursuit and the side seam is a distance of 5 mm.Then stitched through the shoulder straps through the connection edge and the main part of the overhead.On top of the size of the stitches must be very small to inconspicuous and company commander and the sergeant could not tear them.Since the straps tight enough, in order to pierce them with a needle, thimble need.The best option - to push slightly the outer edge of the fabric overhead, hiding their base, and pass through a needle hole exactly in the seam.
It is a way for those who want to learn how to sew epaulettes on his tunic or any other uniform.
It is a way for those who want to learn how to sew epaulettes on his tunic or any other uniform.
Helpful Hint
Sometimes the needle is firmly stuck in the pursuit, and if the fingers are not very strong, it is easier to pull it with tweezers or pliers.The St. Catharine Men’s Soccer team came into Wednesday’s game against the University of the Cumberland’s with a head of steam from a win against Salem International in their last contest.
The first half showcased the strong defense possessed by the St. Catharine Patriots as they were able to hold first place Cumberland’s to only one goal. Prior to Wednesday’s contest the Cumberland’s Patriots has scored 19 goals in just four contests. Led by Gentry Bryant (Oldham County, Ky.) and his several forced possession changes, St. Catharine was able to force the Cumberland’s into taking nine total shots that were off the mark.
The second half hit a climax when Kevin Owens (Elizabethtown, Ky.) reacted to a rebound and forced it past the Cumberland’s keeper for his first goal of the season. With only five minutes remaining following the Owens’ goal, St. Catharine went on the attack by pushing the ball forward to Cumberland’s side of the field. With several attempted runs by Sawyer Abshire (Shelbyville, Ky. Marvin Wesselburg (Essen, Germany), St. Catharine inched closer to knotting the contest. As time was erased, a last ditch effort from the Patriots came off the foot of Ashley Woods (Manchester, England) when he missed just high of the goal, forcing the keeper to scramble for the ball.
The Patriots will take the field once more Saturday as they travel to Berea College to face the Hilltoppers at 2 PM.Towerfall Ascension creator Matt Thorson seemed duly impressed when he tweeted last January about a mod that brought eight-player support to the multiplayer platformer-brawler. But going by a recently-tweeted screenshot of the TortoiseHg shell extension and the words, “Let's see if I can do this before GDC,” it now seems that he's decided to make it official.
Thorson said that he's not sure if he'll release the eight-player mode to the public, but it sure sounds like the work is going well. “All the UI is busted and the levels are too small, but it works!” he said in a follow-up tweet. To overcome that, he said he'd convert some of the game's levels to widescreen, and is also making changes to the character selection screen and variants menu.
Towerfall Ascension, the “definitive version of the hit archery combat game,” earned an Editor's Choice award in our review in early 2014, in which we described it as “permitting pixel-precise inputs calculated in the slimmest slivers of a single second.” Lag is death, in other words, and how that will translate into an eight-player experience remains to be seen. But if Thorson is excited for it, then I think the odds are pretty good that it will work out.
Images via Thorson's twitter.
DLMS™ Summary National Stock Number 1005-01-358-7883 National Stock Number (NSN) 1005-01-358-7883, or NIIN 013587883, (lever,breechblock,cocking) was assigned May 21, 11 awards given. There is minimal competition for this NSN. The US Government has awarded contracts to 5 different suppliers. The last contract numbers awarded were: SPM7L412D5A39, SPM7L412D5A39, SPM7L412D5A39, SPM7L412D5A39, SPM7L412D5A39. The total value of the awarded contracts has been US$ 36,859.89. 25,87.The crowdfunding site is now launching more books than all but the very largest publishers. Richard Lea finds out how a resource for small enterprises is making some big changes
forecast volume raised by firms using equity crowdfunding platforms
Miami real-estate investor and developer Jay Massirman talks about why he’s focusing on self-storage and property management in addition to multifamily projects — and his belief in the promise of crowdfunding for real estate.
Xreal
Equity crowdfunding, created by the JOBS Act in will finally become legal on MayBy Anthony McClean, Editor In Chief Emeritus
NEW HAVEN — As 2017 comes to a close and 2018 sits in waiting, another college basketball season has begun. It comes with its predictable storylines and outcomes both on and off the court.
Whether it’s the scandalous nature of some head and assistant coaches across the country or the puzzling decisions of young adults overseas, the college hoop campaign has already been an interesting, if not sobering affair.
Much like the rap by A Tribe Called Quest or the TV show “Naked City”, there always seems to be “eight million stories” that can be told or written about any given player in college hoops.
This is one of them. But it’s one that doesn’t get told often enough.
It’s about perseverance and sacrifice.
It’s also about opportunity and commitment.
And finally, it’s about the everlasting love and the bond between a mother and her son.
For Mikol Blake-Green of Fisher College, the season has slowly given him a chance to relax and feel comfortable on and off the court. A native of Boston, the 6-foot-7 forward has been getting consistent minutes for the Falcons, an NAIA independent.
However, the road to this destination has been without its obstacles and pitfalls.
During his past athletic endeavors, Mikol has seen the ugly side of sports. During his days of playing Pop Warner football in Cambridge, he saw his coach shot and killed on the field during a dispute.
He’s also lost many teammates over the years due to the violence in his community. Its impact has left an indelible mark on Mikol. He’s had to deal with issues of anxiety and other effects of his formative years.
“I felt like I was angry all the time. Sports always gave me the chance to relax and express myself”, said Mikol.
He was also taking on extra responsibilities as well.
His mother, Veola, served as a child welfare worker in Boston. She was also awarded legal guardianship of her younger brother and two sisters. Along the way, Mikol helped his mother while also working, attending school, and taking care of his relatives.
It was a heavy burden on a young teenager, but because of his devotion to his mom, it was something that he felt more than obligated to do. “Mikol is a good person with a beautiful heart and a kind soul”, said Veola.
When he eventually graduated from high school following a stellar basketball career, Mikol enrolled at nearby Bunker Hill Community College. Along the way, he would meet two men who would have a great influence on his life on and off the court.
Head Coach Nkrumah Jones and his assistant, Leroy Gibson served as mentors for Mikol who was seeking guidance and knowledge. “When I first got to Bunker Hill, I definitely had some trust issues and was very emotional”, said Mikol.
“They talked to me like no one had ever done before. They were upfront about everything and I took an initial liking to them”. Coach Gibson first met Mikol at a local barbershop owned by his cousin.
Gibson and Mikol had a long conversation about basketball and life. He felt like Mikol was someone who was looking for help. “To me, the most important thing was to give him an opportunity to work on his overall growth”, said Gibson.
“Like many kids, he had some issues that we dealt with early on. It was just a matter of showing him the ropes and how we do things here. You help them make the adjustment, but a lot of it falls on the individual.”
Coach Jones added that seeing Mikol make the emotional transition on and off the court was something that he’s the proudest of. “He definitely had a bit of a chip on his shoulder when he arrived here”, he added.
“However, we slowly developed some trust amongst each other along the way. It definitely made our relationship grow as a whole. The biggest thing I tried to impress upon him was building relationships.”
Mikol added, “I had never received that sort of guidance before that I got from Coach Jones and Coach Gibson. They both made me a better player and help me apply those lessons on the court to apply to life as well.”
Those lessons would come in handy in regards to the next major event of his life. Along the way at Bunker Hill, his mother would get a job offer in Baltimore. Mikol decided to stay in Massachusetts while also planning on what his next move academically was going to be.
Eventually, he decided to attend Daniel Webster College in Nashua, New Hampshire. Unfortunately, things got off to a bad start for Mikol. He was a victim of racial profiling early on.
While coming home from work, Mikol was pulled over by six police officers with guns drawn because he “fit the description” of a potential suspect. As we previously mentioned, Mikol is a 6-foot-7 black man with a beard.
The potential suspect was a 30-year-old black man standing 5-feet-6 and clean shaven.
Earlier in the year, the school would eventually shut down due to financial issues. While many of the staff and students would transition to nearby Southern New Hampshire University, Mikol decided to move elsewhere.
Here again is where his mother used her influence to determine his fate. Mikol and Veola looked to Fisher College back in Massachusetts as an opportunity. Ms. Green would send a very open and emotional letter pleading Mikol’s case.
Here’s a small excerpt:
“We believe Fisher College is the choice for him. And I believe in him. Please help my son. Please save his life. Mikol is a star that needs space to develop and supporters to guide him so that he may shine brightly. Mikol has a plan and that plan includes being in a position to support and pay it forward to invest in children — by giving them what he lacked.”
Eventually, the school would accept Mikol as a student-athlete. When his playing days are done, he’s hoping to become a coach. In his own way, he’ll be paying back the many people along the way that have helped him.
For the many student-athletes that play collegiate sports, Mikol’s story is all too common. We always hear about the All-Americans or the All-Conference standouts. But for many others, their stories are seldom told or seldom heralded.
The final chapter has yet to be written on Mikol Blake-Green. The best is yet to come.
Anthony McClean can be reached via email at anthonymcclean@basnnewsroom.com.Thrifty Brits Make Natural Gas out of Sewage and Beer-Brewing Leftovers]]
Image: flickr / stevendepolo
Source: Thrifty Brits Make Natural Gas out of Sewage and Beer-Brewing Leftovers
Related Articles:[This post is part of our Offices series where we take you on virtual tours of great offices.]
When a company that helps you connect with professionals, and get jobs in companies you see yourself working at, turns into a desirable place to work at itself, it’s a deadly combination. And professional networking site Linkedin with its new office is doing just that. After we took you on a tour of the fun Mumbai office of Facebook, here’s another Fortune500 company showing us how it’s done.
The office is spread across two floors and over 230k sqft and is located in the Global tech park, outer ring road. ( Psst, Google will soon be a neighbour here with its new office.)
The office has all the trappings of a world class international space, with art decco furniture, state of the art systems, and of course its fair share of Indian kitsch.
Work can become fun when you have nice chilling corners like this.
While the meeting rooms at Facebook are named after Bombay cocktails, the meeting rooms at Linkedin are named after Indian sports like Kho Kho and Gilli Danda.
Needless to say there’s free food and a place that looks like that to enjoy it at.
While the office is largely colourful, Linkedin retains its signature blue with this classy meeting room.
Other than that bed overlooking the Bangalore skyline, the Linkedin employees get a gym, shower rooms, and TT and foosball tables.
A green landscaped logo of Linkedin adds a nice touch.
This wall is made up of….( Move the slider over to find out)
Yes, it’s pencils.
This office is likely to make you want to update your…Linkedin profile.
Photo credits: Danish MustafaDhiral And Jalpa
“Let your love travel afar, where even distance will have limitations.”
Dhiral is a Gujarati Businessman from South Sudan, Africa and Jalpa a Gujarati investment banker from Manhattan, New York. They met in Egypt and fell in love. We planned their destination wedding in Dubai.
As magical was their love, Dhiral wanted his wedding to be equally magical. Now that the love proclamation was done, the first question arrived in their mind was that “Where do they get married?” They relocated to Dubai. Since both of them have hardly attended any weddings they were not sure how they wanted their wedding to be. They looked out for Wedding Planners who have their renowned presence in Dubai and India. They came to know about MyShaadiwale and contacted their office at Garhoud, near Dubai International Airport. Dhiral contacted them and mentioned that they wanted MyShaadiwale to take care of their wedding arrangements. They mentioned that they wanted a team, which will be passionate, creative and have that brand value of 10+ experiences in Destination weddings. They were sure that only MyShaadiwale will be able to organize a magical wedding for them. Dhiral and Jalpa was extremely comfortable having a local wedding planner on board. They wanted their wedding to be special not just for them but their family and friends. Hence, having MyShaadiwale, the most eminent Destination Wedding Planner to handle their wedding was a complete relief as they were sure that their relatives and friends would be comfortable having a good food and good time.
The biggest challenge was since both of them were NRI; they would be receiving guests from different walks of life. So, their guests arrived from USA, Africa, Lebanon, Middle East and India. In order to find a perfect location, they had seen 2 – 3 properties and when finally Dhiral set an eye on Zabeel Saray in Palm Jumeirah, he knew that it would be the ideal location for their Dream Destination Wedding. Since, there was no family involved in this wedding the ardent team of MyShaadiwale had to take the complete responsibilities on their shoulders. They had to now amalgamate the traditional factors of Gujarat with modern elements of Dubai and Manhattan. As Egypt was an integrated factor of their love story, how that could be excluded? In fact, that was the most prevailing factor for the whole wedding. We had to merge the elements of Africa as well as the groom is from Sudan.
To go by the test, mood and the captivating love story of the couple, the team of MyShaadiwale on the first day of the ceremony, planned an Egyptian and Arabic theme for Cruise Gathering “Meet and Greet”. The Master of the Ceremony organized various games to “break the ice” between the guests coming from the different parts of the world. The food arrangements were made by Caterers – “Al Habtoor Group” considering the fact that they are the one of the best Food and Beverage group in Dubai. Egyptian Photo booth was set up for the guests to click photos with Egyptian props. The décor elements were carefully chosen to keep the feel of destination wedding in an Arab country. The Arabic Lanterns and Floral center pieces were used for table decorations and the sitting arrangements were alfresco inspired with ethnic Arabic look of cushion and couches. The gathering area was decorated by hanging lanterns, drapes, fairy lights and king size Arabic lamps placed at regular intervals mesmerized the look of the venue.
On the second day, was a traditional Puja. The decoration was kept as subtle as possible. Even though the request was for all in simple and basic white, but our experienced team insisted on adding a little color which definitely added an amazing look to the venue and was done at no extra cost. “Turquoise and Yellow” was the theme for boy’s side and “Pink and Yellow” was the theme for girl’s side. Accordingly, the drapes of mentioned colors were used. The engraved “puja bedi’s” were also arranged. Ganesh idol was arranged by the team of MSW in a place where the availability of these idols is rare. “Mehendi and Sangeet” ceremony was organized in the lawns of Zabeel Saray. The entrance to the lawn was decorated by beautifying effect of colorful drapes and colorful Umbrella Tunnel. It looked like the seven colors of Rainbow have emerged into a breath taking decoration element. The ethnic Rajasthani Umbrellas flowed to an Arabic country all the way from Rajasthan. Colorful Linen cloths were used on tables and chairs. Colorful Sofas were placed and decorated with colorful cushions. Bangles Canopies were set up in the middle of the lawn and it was decorated with funky colors. Even the sitting areas were decorated with colorful drapes. There was a Shisha zone at the venue to match with the tradition of Arabic country. MyShaadiwale introduced a new concept of decoration by alternate arrangement of table centrepieces along with Matka with Bronze Spray Paints with mirror works, we had beautiful brocade umbrella with florals. Indian Mehendi artists were invited from the homeland.
A traditional Jhula (Swing) was arranged and decorated with modern and funky elements. It was slightly cold weather; hence, heaters were placed at regular intervals for the comfort of the guests. Family and friends performed on the Sangeet day. As Jalpa had a tremendous fondness for Tanoura Dance, a Tanoura dancer were invited specially from Egypt. The dancer filled the place with light as he descended down the lights in his costume illuminated. Our team also suggested the guests about the availability of Indian ethnic clothes and coordinated for logistics to travel. Pre-wedding shoot was directed by MSW with Pooja Studio.
Finally the grand day – The Wedding. The wedding was a theme wedding of white and yellow. It was a beautiful beach destination wedding in Palm Jumeirah. A yellow carpet was placed on the “Mandap Floor”. The Mandap was decorated with yellow and white drapes. Temple bells were hung with flower thread. As the beach had a slopping level, an artificial deck was created so that guests who arrived in the venue with beautiful dresses and ladies wearing heels do not feel inconvenient to walk on the aisle. This is probably an advantage of having the experience hand of MyShaadiwale for your wedding, as they plan everything prior to your grand day. For decorations, they arranged fish bowls placed on the either side on pillars with corals and sea shells. Tiffany Chairs were placed at the venue, decorating it alternately with gold and yellow sashes. Near the beach there was a restaurant which was also decorated with yellow drapes on the roof and colorful cushions were also provided. Dhiral arrived for Baraat on the beats of Punjabi Dhol Players in his new Mercedes. Jalpa entered with her brothers holding “Phoolon ki Chadar”. She wore a beautiful lehenga designed by celebrity designer- Anita Dongre and Sunglasses. As she entered,the famous bollywood song “Ladhki beautiful, Kar gayi chul” was played.
Dhiral and Jalpa insisted on a different venue for Reception and accordingly the venue was selected as Fairmont, Palm Jumeirah .LED dance floor was arranged by MyShaadiwale to add on a glamour feel to the venue. White backdrop was placed that was illuminated with fairy lights and gold drapes. Elegant Centre pieces with candles decorated with baby breath, carnations and roses were arranged. The whole room was floodlit with pink adding the grandeur to the place. There was an organized guestlist and the tables had numbers. MSW team welcomed they guests and directed them to their specific tables as per the numbers allocated to them. When all the guests were seated, the MC played the couple’s love story which was turned into a motion picture by MSW and Pooja Studio. The lights slowly went deemed and the movie was played. As soon as the movie ended, DJ Jeff one of the renowned Djs of Dubai played “Halo by Beyonce”, and a spotlight was directed to the couple to invite them to the center of the ballroom. Next they danced on “It’s Wonderful world by Frank Sinatra” for their first dance.
Incase if you must be wondering have we invited DJ Jeff only for the reception, so the response is “no”, he was there all through gracing the ceremony, starting from Yacht gathering to mehendi, sangeet, wedding and finally reception. Apart from all the important aspects of the wedding we had also prepared, Welcome Tags for the guests. Help desks were placed at the Lobby center to assist the guests in odd hours and at the time of dire need. Our team was present everywhere as our Founder, JP Yaduvanshi believes in the concept of “Aap Ki Zimmedariyo Ko Zimmedari Se Nibhaye”. We introduced a new concept of wedding itinerary of preparing Room Key Cards with the couple’s monogram designed by us. Stickers on Jewelry boxes that read “Best Compliment from Dhiral and Jalpa” were given to the guests. Photo booth props and inflatable photo frames were also arranged. MSW’s production team for this wedding were from Germany, London and India and Florists were Sri Lankan. The carpenters were from Philippines.Today in Trump Derangement Syndrome
30th August 2017
Pranksters Plant Klan Hoods And Other Hilarious Items In Trump Tower Gift Shop
Why People Hate the Media: Politico Throws Conniption Over Melania’s Stilettos
The more we talk about Trump being impeached, the less likely people are to act
Joy Reid: Trump Doesn’t Understand ‘Human Scale Of Misery’
Public Service? Celebs Worth $11.5B Bash Trump, Right with PSAs
Fake News Montage: Media Says Trump Lacks ‘Empathy’ Looks as if they all got the memo.
Star Wars’ Mark Hamill: ‘Let’s Buy Twitter’ to ‘Ban Trump!’
Trumka: White House Staff Made Up Of Racists And People Only Looking Out For Wall Street Pretty rich, coming from a Mafia shill.
Morning Joe: ‘Something Wrong With’ Trump, Not Able to be ‘Human and Empathetic’
Former Biden Chief Of Staff Says Empathy Unnatural For Trump
Trevor Noah on Donald Trump: ‘For a guy who’s not racist, he has a lot of racist friends’ So do you, Trevor, so do you.
Trump criticised for not meeting Harvey victims and marvelling at crowd size during trip Unlike Obama and Clinton, it’s not all about him. He got out of the way and let the people doing the work do the work.Q: What are a woman's four favorite animals?
A: A mink in the closet, a Jaguar in the garage, a tiger in the bedroom and an ass to pay for it all.
© 2017 Comedy Partners. All Rights Reserved. Comedy Central and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of comedy partners.Food and drink
Cafeteria
The College Cafeteria serves three hot and inexpensive meals a day during Full Term. Service is cafeteria style, and the food chosen is electronically charged to the student's account. A Kitchen Committee, on which there is student representation, monitors the quality and variety of College meals, and the kitchen staff make every effort to accommodate those with special dietary requirements.
Formal Halls
Twice a week there are optional Formal Halls where students are served at table and food is of a high quality. ‘Super Halls’ with themed menus are also regularly held and prove very popular. Often, students will entertain friends from other colleges at these events.
Coffee Shop
The Coffee Shop serves barista-style coffees, sandwiches, snacks and a range of delicious homemade cakes.
Self-Catering
While eating in Hall is an important way to be a part of any college, students are also able to cook their own meals or host dinners for others. Each staircase has one or more basic kitchens or ‘gyp rooms’, equipped with basic self-catering facilities for student use. There are two supermarkets nearby a plus a range of specialist food stalls in the Market Square.
Bar
The Aula Bar offers a sleek and modern setting in which to have a drink and catch up with friends after a hard day’s work, and it provides an excellent space for the renowned 'Viva!' – the student-run, themed club nights held in College.
Miss Vicky Mills
Admissions Officer
Trinity Hall
Trinity Lane
Cambridge CB2 1TJ
t: +44 1223 332535
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate AdmissionsSerie A Wrap: Napoli close to securing third
Napoli edged closer to securing third spot in Serie A by drawing 0-0 at Inter on Saturday, but Fiorentina kept up the pressure.
Rafa Benitez's men saw their lead over the Florence club cut to eight points as they were frustrated at San Siro.
Napoli should have claimed victory against the Spaniard's former employers, but they were left to rue wasteful finishing.
And indeed there could yet be worse news for Benitez - and potentially World Cup-bound Argentina - after striker Gonzalo Higuain was carried off on a stretcher late on with an ankle injury.
An even first half saw both teams craft opportunities, but Napoli forward Jose Callejon could not convert to give his side the advantage, while goalkeeper Pepe Reina was rarely troubled.
The visitors went close again early in the second period, but Jorginho was denied in the 50th minute.
Higuain also had chances before his injury forced him off, while Gokhan Inler struck a post in the final 20 minutes.
Despite the draw, Napoli remain strong favourites to clinch third in the battle for UEFA Champions League football with three games remaining.
But Fiorentina at least ensured that the race was extended with a routine 3-0 win at relegation-threatened Bologna.
Juan Cuadrado and Josip Ilicic scored in the first half to give the Coppa Italia finalists a commanding lead going into the break.
Fiorentina denied Bologna an unlikely fight back and wrapped up the points in the 87th minute when Colombia international Cuadrado grabbed his second of the day.I have a LOT of things to say. But all the words got jumbled up so I'll just say a thing or two.(or three)
Frustrated, yes. Big FAT YES.
But I prefer to look it at different angle and forget the tactical mistake or whatever shit the reason is.
Look at different perspectives,
- We have promising youngsters in Chambo and Yenaris. To play like that in their early EPL debuts was something to be applaud.
- I tip my hat to our defenders. Per, Kos and Verma did a good job considering. And Song too.
- RVP scored his 19th goal of the season.
I just unfollow some of the Arsene bashing blogs in my bloglist just to be clear.
And I wish, one day I'll meet a fellow gooner friend who I can talk to and enjoy not only during the good times but also in a time like this. (^_^)
2 comments:
Btw, nice game sis.
chills sis chill.. I would prefer chamboo play every game.. but wenger knows better..The irony was not lost on me….
Death most certainly takes; Death however most certainly gives more.
As I looked around at the gathering of lives my Grandpa was able to bring together in his passing, the irony was certainly not lost on me. Death really is a gracious giver.
How often do we wish for time to stand still and for commitments or chores to be suspended or even forgiven…….death gives us that. When I heard of the earthly loss of my Grandfather, looked at all I needed to do as a school teacher, in the closing days of the school year and then I closed the book and began to pack. I opened a bottle of wine and I sat on my back deck listening to my daughter and her friends play. Death gave to me the gift of time and clarity of priorities.
Death gives us the most vivid memories. The moment we learn death has come our minds are flooded with memories. Maybe the good, maybe the bad, and maybe the ugly but no matter, the flood comes. Maybe we were ready, maybe we weren’t. Regardless, the flood gates are released and there’s no stopping the thoughts. Let them wash over you, this is their time now.
When the floods subside, Death often gives us time to slow down and reflect in the reflection. We can see in the life gone all that we still hope for of our own.
Death gives us a chance to make time for family we too often don’t make time for. When family came up to me in Dakota whom I had never met, or I didn’t even recognize, part of me was so saddened. Sad that there are so many miles and so little closeness. However the excuse of not being close is really only an excuse to not be close. So Death has given us the chance to close the gap; if even for a little while.
Death gives us an opportunity to say things we too often keep to ourselves……most of all, “I love you.” Now I suppose: say what you mean and mean what you say; but I’d like to think that despite never hearing my Grandpa ever initiate an, “I love you” that nevertheless he did.
He came from that time where farmers weren’t mushy-men. He experienced the depression in rural North Dakota. I get it; he was a tough ol’ skudder.
Death brings people together. Those people we can’t get enough of, as well as those people we’ve had enough of. Death doesn’t care what kind of grudge you’re holding. Frankly, Death would like you to get the fuck over it. The weight of anger is so much more than Death ever wants to carry, when he finally comes for you, it weighs you down so he’s desperate for you to un-turn your back and just drop it.
Love is so much lighter.
And love, as does happy, always looks better on a person.
So a man who listened way more than he spoke (as I knew him). Declined offers way more than he accepted. Responded more than he initiated, brought together all these people who laughed in each other’s presence and “I love you’s” flowed everywhere.
Death loves a good story and gives us a chance to tell stories we haven’t told often enough or others haven’t heard often enough…….so what if you’ve said it a million times. If it brings joy to your audience tell it, and tell it, and tell it, and then tell it again.
Death blows the dust off old albums. Bring those things out so the tears can really flow. Who cares if it’s only your family in a million brag-a-licious pictures. If others can’t be happy for your most joyous moments in life; then let them carry that burden, it’s not yours.
Death has always shared with me a glimpse of the soul …….. I’ve been pretty pissed at death at times in my life, but then, I’ve been pretty pissed at God and we still talk daily. I’ve always been a bold enough personality to say what’s on my mind. Maybe not always at the right time, nor always with the right words, but nevertheless you certainly don’t have to guess what’s on my mind. Death hasn’t had to wonder either. I’ve wailed at Death and been so pissed I thought I may strangle him.
Death lets me have my moment and then shares something to comfort my confusion –
Death has shared with me my friends in a dream, visions through the eyes of my daughter, I’ve heard voices in a song, and been winked at in the twinkling of the stars…..
And most recently, Grandpa in the shadow of a bird that flew above me for the 8 miles I ran in rural Dakota while there to celebrate his life. Death gave me that run with my Grandpa; something life never did….so thank you Death.
Groovy Girls Go………Thankful Even for DeathThe Analytical Center and the Elena and Gennady Timchenko’s Charity Foundation are implementing a project aimed at improving the effectiveness of support offered to orphaned and abandoned children. Experts held a round table to talk about the functioning of relevant organizations, ways to support foster families, problems with legal regulations and ways to make information about orphaned and abandoned children easier to access.
Natalia Nikolayeva, the Head of the Department for Social Policy of the Analytical Center, talked about the key stages of the project and its goals. Stage one involves analyzing the available forms of support offered to foster families and assessing the effectiveness of these forms of support. “What is important at this stage is to identify existing and potential ways we can support foster families,” the expert believes. The second stage involves assessing the costs and effectiveness of caring for orphaned and abandoned children in different kinds of organizations, to which end a mechanism needs to be developed for integrating the practices and models used by private organizations into the practices and methods used by state and municipal organizations. The third stage involves preparing conceptual proposals for how to improve the laws and regulations in this area while the fourth stage will involve developing proposals and recommendations for how to make information about orphaned and abandoned children more open and more accessible in Russia, the expert explained.
The Analytical Center's expert Marina Klishina talked about the main trends identified during the assessment. The specialists estimated per capita costs of caring for one child, comparing this year’s data with those from last year and studying the changes. As a result, it was established that the number of various kinds of organizations working in this area keeps growing as are the ways the functions of supporting children and foster families are distributed among them. At the same time, analysis of organizations involved in orphan care in Russian regions does not always allow experts to identify the functions the organizations perform. There also remains the trend towards growing per capital costs per child even as the number of orphan care organizations and children in them keeps falling while the information about private organizations working with orphans remains extremely scarce, Ms. Klishina noted.
The Chairperson of the Management Board of the National Foundation for the Protection of Children from Abuse Alexander Spivak is sure that there are two areas work must focus on today: prevention and services offered before children get abandoned or orphaned. “As for prevention, we do not break down our budget by various parameters so it is unclear how much money gets spent on what,” the expert said. “It is important to learn to estimate costs of real services and to do that we need to carry out more in-depth analysis in several regions and decide which areas we need to work on.” When working with orphans it is important to pay more attention to supporting foster families, Spivak believes. In his opinion, standardization and in-depth analysis are needed to achieve that because at the moment there is a lot of variation in how support of foster families is interpreted.
“We are living in a time when nobody is interested in what happens to people and everybody is interested instead in performance indicators and this new bias we have is very dangerous for the society,” Marina Levina, the Chair of the Parental Bridge Foundation believes. The expert does not think that the same amount of money should be spent on the care for each and every child in a special care institution. “Two thirds of abandoned kids in St. Pete are special needs kids. They need palliative care, special rehabilitation and special care and all those things can run into pretty penny,” the specialist explained. In her opinion, until palliative care is available at home, special needs children cannot be placed with foster families.Designer sarees Party wear sarees from Pret’i by Priti Sahni April 20, 2017 fashionworldhub 1 Comment Here are the party wear sarees from Preti by priti sahni. For details please call Call 090226 17481. Share95 Tweet Stumble +12 Share PinShares 97 Related
One thought on “Party wear sarees from Pret’i by Priti Sahni”
I want to buy something sarees could you send me some Saree pics with price. On what’s App 9915546605The Airdrie Festival of Lights runs every night in December starting on December 1 to December 31 from 6pm – 9pm.
We are able to run every night thanks to our many volunteers, but there are many spots still to be filled. In particular we are in need of volunteers for Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Boxing Day and New Year’s Eve. To find out what’s available, pop into the Volunteer Trailer at the park any evening (This will give you a good idea of how we do things) or send a message to our Volunteer Coordinator, Kristen Wallace at volunteer.afols@gmail.com Remember, we Can’t Glow Without You!
Hi, is the Airdrie Festival of Lights still on for tonight, January 1st, 2018? Are all events still running such as train rides, hot chocolate, etc? Thank you.
Hi Dawn, yes all venues will be open this evening and every evening until January 5. With the improvement in the weather, we’ve decided to extend our season! We hope you’ll be able to join us!
Hi there!! Are the lights open tonight? January 6?
Sorry, our season ended Friday evening… We’ve started tear down today and tomorrow.
How muxh is admission?
Hi Mag, admission is a donation of whatever is affordable to you. Making us affordable to everyone.
I just wanted to say we came for the first time last year (from Okotoks) to your light display and although it was freezing, it was wonderful and we will be coming back this year, bringing more family and friends. Thank you so much for all your efforts and bringing the Christmas spirit alive for so many people to enjoy! Merry Christmas!
Thank you so much for the kind words! We can’t wait for you to come back and see us, we have a very full calendar of events, we’re sure you’ll have an equally great time! ~ Michelle
I see no date for the today, Dec 29th in schedule…Is it closed??
We are open! The calendar on the right only displays the days we have events booked. But the lights are always on!
About how many light displays is there in this festival
That’s a great question Christine! We never seem to find the time to count them all, but we estimate there are at least 100,000 bulbs!NORTHWAY BANK PLYMOUTH DOWNTOWN
- Branch Name:Plymouth Downtown
- Service Type:Full Service Office
- State & County:New Hampshire - Grafton
- City or Town:Plymouth
- Zip Code:03264
- Phone Number:603-536-2733603-536-2733
⚠ Edit Listing
Office Address:1-3 Highland Street, Plymouth, NH 03264
BRANCH LOCATION
Toggle Map On
3 Highland Terrace, Plymouth, NH 03264
OFFICE DETAILS
Northway Bank Plymouth Downtown branch is one of the 17 offices of the bank and has been serving the financial needs of their customers in Plymouth, Grafton county, New Hampshire for over 38 years. Plymouth Downtown office is located at 1-3 Highland Street, Plymouth. You can also contact the bank by calling the branch phone number at 603-536-2733
Northway Bank Plymouthway Bank
- Bank Type:Federal Reserve Non-member Bank
- FDIC Insurance:Certificate #14240
- Routing Number:N/A
- Online Banking:northwaybank.com
- Branch Count:17 Offices in New Hampshire
No reviews about the branch yet. Be the first to comment about Northway Bank Plymouth Downtown branch...
Easily submit your review, comment or complaint about Plymouth Downtown branch using your Facebook ID.
Your review has been submitted for approval.
Please rate Northway BankTag : phonebook
does anyone have a recommendation for a SIP phone, which allows dialing from a phonebook, and hiding the dialed number from the end users? Also from the call history of course.It seems Mitel can do this, and I have a use case where this is a requirement.Than..Company profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of House Of Kwid Inc.
Buyers of similar products
Suppliers of similar products
adornment manufacturersstone manufacturers
Buyers similar to House Of Kwid Inc.The Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District board of education is now accepting applications for fall appointments to district advisory committees.
The application deadline is Monday, November 28th. Parents and community members are invited to apply.
The purpose of district advisory committees is to advise the board of education regarding school district needs and issues.
Committee areas include childcare and development, bilingual education and English learners, community health and safety, fine arts, instructional technology, intercultural relations, special education, and sports and physical education.
Appointments will be made at the board of education meeting Thursday, December 8th.
Additionally, committee appointments are made throughout the year for any unfilled vacancies.
Information and application forms are available at any district school or the superintendent’s office, (310) 450-8338, ext. 241. Applications are also available in English at Capp05ENG.pdf
and in Spanish at Capp05SPAN.pdfBTW
Arthur, the quintessential kid’s show about an aardvark just trying to be regular kid, is celebrating two decades of existence. Creator Marc Brown gave a revelatory interview with Huffington Post looking back at all that Arthur‘s doing to educate and inspire. And, naturally, memes came up.
Over the summer, parent network WGBH expressed a little disdain over the more controversial Arthur memes out there. Brown, however, is an equal opportunity meme lover.
“I’m really having such a good time watching Arthur and all his friends pop up on BuzzFeed all the time,” Brown told the Huffington Post, marveling at the impact that show’s made on television and online. “It’s very interesting that I’ve been able to sustain these characters through an entire generation.”
The lauded children’s book author’s main audience may be kids just entering their formative years, but he’s no square. Elsewhere in the interview, Brown describes downing vodka shots with Vladimir Putin way back when Russia was just trying to get on the United States’ level when it comes to children’s outreach and not meddle with the presidency.
“As I remember it, we were in the Kremlin and the entire room was covered in gold leaf,” Brown recalls. “There were first ladies from all over the world and each one would give a toast. We all had to drink vodka shots after each toast and so things were getting a little fuzzy.”
Arthur would undoubtedly raise a clenched fist to that.
Read the full interview with Marc Brown at Huffington Post.Monster Hunter Ralph
So here's a thing that I don't understand about the Monsters + Mutants line: How can the same character not only be both a MONSTER and a MONSTER HUNTER, but they are actually the hunter paired with killing that monster?
Thus is the case of Monster Hunter Ralph. Ralph is clearly a vampire hunter, with a crossbow for wooden bullets, and garlic hanging from his belt. He's kind of got a Van Helsing thing going here. But his alter ego is a Vampire? I don't get it. Best not to think too much about it, right?
Monster Hunter Ralph arrives courtesy of Playmates Toys
Monster Hunter Ralph comes on a blister card, the same card back of every figure in the line.
The figure has a cool rubber jacket and rubber Bowler Hat. The jacket inhibits movement a bit, which is par for the course.
The only accessory is a large crossbow, which Ralph can hold with both hands. The crossbow is odd because while there is a molded trigger, there's no way for Ralph to hold it there. Instead, another handle is molded on.
The package back depicts the crossbow with added paint detail, but the production figure omits this.
Still a fun figure though, and a fitting addition to the Monsters + Mutants line.
View the full image album
Seems like this whole line is also a homage to the 90's Playmates line where all the characters also got decked as various Universal monsters?
Monster Hunter Raph dies a little every time you call him "Ralph" so that's how he became a vampire.JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Knowledgebase Manager Pro. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use Knowledgebase Manager Pro, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.
Learn more.
When transferring data using the advanced mapping, the integration gives an error "Invalid Campaign ID" when using advanced mapping to map to the Gift Campaign even though the campaign ID was chosen using a lookup.
This is due to the fact that the RE system is configured to use the Campaign ID while the RE Integration is set to use the Campaign Description (or vice versa).
To correct this, first determine what you are using as the Campaign reference:
* Select Tools, User Options * On the Records tab, highlight Campaigns * Check what the value is for Campaign Format
If the value is Campaign ID, run the following script on your database:UPDATE USR_REI_PARAM_DFLT_TYPSET SEARCH_VAL = 1WHERE DISPLAY_NAM = 'Gift.Campaign'If the value is Description, run this script:UPDATE USR_REI_PARAM_DFLT_TYPSET SEARCH_VAL = 5WHERE DISPLAY_NAM = 'Gift.Campaign'
The "Transfer Memberships Sold" function in Raiser's Edge Integration.So unless you live under a rock I am sure you know that yesterday was a big deal in the US. We had a total solar eclipse take place and... Continue Reading
So yesterday my daughters and I went in and got our hair cut. My youngest and I had crazy amounts of hair length. We Sevigney’s grow hair quickly. Since I... Continue Reading
<h1> Coffee, the nectar of the gods… Only I am one who cannot drink it black. So that leaves me with trying to find a creamer that is not completely... Continue Reading
Ah blogging, how did I end up here?! I am the girl who strongly dislikes writing. Never liked it in high school and equally hated it in college, yet... Continue Reading
I have had several requests for some canning blogs so I decided to take on the task. I have been canning jam for well over 13 years. I grew up... Continue Reading
Recently I have taken to making breakfast egg cups for my husband and I. They make a large batch (6 servings), are protein packed, easy to enjoy in the... Continue Reading
Water, such an important substance. Did you know that the human body can go over 3 weeks without food, but only a couple days without water? Below is a chart... Continue Reading
Recently we went to a potluck and I was in charge of bringing a side dish. We were going to be having fresh caught fish, crab and oysters along with... Continue Reading
So on our trip over the weekend I managed to enjoy myself and still come home 1lb lighter! I went into the trip at the tail end of week one... Continue Reading
So this past weekend we loaded up the car, the kids and the dog and set off on a long journey to the Oregon Coast. Google maps said it... Continue ReadingSakina Sands
International Patient Program Director
PO Box N-3018
Nassau, Bahamas
Phone: 866-277-5054
Bahamas Medical Center Concierge Service
Thousands of patients from the US and Canada come to The Bahamas every year for affordable, world-class medical care. While The Bahamas is warm, welcoming and full of friendly people, we understand how important it is to make you feel completely at home…while you’re away from home.
That’s why we’ve developed our popular International Patient Medical Concierge Program..
What is a Medical Concierge?
Just like the concierge you’ll find at fine hotels, our Medical Concierge service will help facilitate and coordinate the important parts of your Bahamas Medical Center experience to ensure that you have a completely enjoyable medical vacation in The Bahamas.
The International Patient Program at the Bahamas Medical Center is lucky to have a team of professionals whose only job is to ensure that you have such a great medical vacation that you’ll come back and visit us again and again! Contact Sakina Sands or Schyonne Ottley (866-277-5054) to learn more about how to plan your medical vacation.
Our Medical Concierge will provide the following complimentary services:
- Written Quotation of Medical Services
- Coordination of all Appointments
- Accommodation Guidance
- Local Travel Recommendations
We’ll even help you with directions to the best beaches and our tips for the best restaurants on the island! It’s all about YOU!1.7m Telescopic Fishing Rod Holder Stainless Steel Pole Bracket Fishing Accessory Tool- Y0547-1
R 299
- Date Listed 19/12 2,000
Sky- watcher telescope for sale D=200mm F=1000mm Coated OpticsIn box , but no Tripod ...
R 4,000
like new light box for sale, running hours approximately 2 hours brand new Opque Perspex face available just needs to be cut to size. Aluminium frame with chromo dek backing bargain price at R4000 neg. contact Warren.
Contact for Price
Used, old electric appliances and electronic equipment for sale. Mostly in working order. Can also be used for parts. Make me an offer for the lot or individual items. Jack - 0836320072
R 1,300
MikroTik RouterBOARD's SXT LTE (product code RBSXTLTE3-7) is a special variant of the popular SXT device and doesn’t include a 802.11 wireless device. Instead, it has a built-in, high-quality LTE Category 3 modem for speeds of up to 100 Mbit/s downlink and 50 Mbit/s uplink. Ideal for remote locations that are within cellular network coverage. Due to it’s professional LTE chip and high-gain ...
R 2,900
Selling Omega inverter with recharge function (with emergency light) and 12 v solar battery (38 a/h) with Mercer UPS for R2900. Can power tv, hi fi, video, radio, lights, hair clipper.Webinar: Club Secretary/Treasurer Training
Will you be in the position of secretary or treasurer during the 2013-2014 Lions year? If so, the Leadership Division has a webinar scheduled just for you.
Join one of the three sessions being offered for Club Secretary or Club Treasurer Training. You will be given a preview of the new MyLCI website, as well as the functions that you will be using in your applicable role. Visit the Leadership Division’s webinar page for session dates and times, as well as links to register.
Don’t forget to spread the word to other incoming club officers. We look forward to your attendance!All Results for Busigin
91 matches in 10 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(30) see all
Census and Voter Lists(11) see all
Military Records(2) see all
Immigration and Travel(5) see all
- US Naturalization Records (5) Free!
Directories(43) see all
Book Results
Searching...
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surname3 Professional Brochures
Budget $30-250 USD
I need 3 Brochures designed. Really I need 1 design and will switch pictures for 3 market segments that I want to target. They will be 11" x 17" bifold brochures. I will be providing all the text. I expect the designer to make a professional layout, and provide all the.
Tildelt til:
34 freelancers are bidding on average $130 for this job
Hi, I am ready to start. Please check PM for details. Regards PixelpaintQuickStart Partners is a platform that allows a company, person, or accredited university to strategically partner with us by becoming a direct reseller of our quality training content, participating in our affiliates revenue share program, or starting your own online training business right from home. QuickStart Partners has several ways to make money and partner with an ever-popular IT training industry. Choose between our Reseller Program, which allows you to create your own e-commerse store, based on our QuickStart CLIPP platform and completely customizable based on your specific brand and needs. Our Affiliate Program is offered for powerful marketing experts, and includes full feature set of marketing tools to assist you in promotional efforts. More information about these programs include:
Reseller Program provides a private labeled solution for training institutes, trade associations, and technology companies interested in offering IT training to the world. Earn money selling our content with our fully hosted e-commerce solution.
- Private Labeled E-Commerce Store
- Fully Customizable & Cloud Hosted
- 30-45% Commission On Transactions*
- Full Access To IT Training Course Library
- Monthly Revenue Paid Direct To You
- Digital Marketing Assistance
- Account Manager To Help You Succeed
Join forces with QuickStart and tap into an ever-growing e-learning industry with making money through our Affiliate Program. Work with bankable products, earn massive commission, and become a part of a powerful platform of learning today.
- Specialized Affiliate Links
- Offer Our Complete Platform
- 30-45% Commission On Transactions*
- Promotional Material, Banners, &Ads
- Monthly Revenue Paid Direct To You
- Special Promotions Just For You
- Account Manager To Help You Succeed« Study Finds Playing Math Game Boosted Preschoolers Abilities | Main | Early-Education Teacher Training Programs Don't Measure Up, Analysis Says »
More Mississippi Children On Track at the End of Kindergarten Year
Mississippi, which has made early literacy an educational focal point, has good news to report on test scores for its kindergartners.
The children who started kindergarten in fall 2015 performed better on a test of early literacy compared to the previous year's kindergarten class. The children who were kindergarten students in fall 2014 were the first ones to take the state's new STAR Early Literacy Exam. The test is administered twice to kindergarten students, and is intended to give teachers an idea of what children know once they start school, and what they are able to do as they head to first grade.
In fall 2014, the average score was 501, and it rose to 680 by spring 2015. That's the equivalent of a child starting school recognizing most letters and their sounds, and leaving kindergarten having mastered the alphabet, letter-sound relationships, and simple words. Those students are called "transitional readers," and that's where they are expected to be by the end of kindergarten.
For the most recent test administration, the average kindergarten score was 502 in fall 2015, but it rose to an average of 703 in spring 2016. That score is still in the transitional reader range, but state officials said the faster rate of growth showed that more students were mastering those early-literacy skills.
The target score for all kindergarten students is 681. In spring 2015, about 54 percent of children scored at or above that level. In spring 2016, about 63 percent met the benchmark
The state has been decidedly behind in preparing children for kindergarten for years, but these results suggest that may be changing, said Kim Benton, chief academic officer for the Mississippi Department of Education.
"Our schools' and teachers' focus on literacy is making a significant impact on student learning," she said in a statement released on June 16.
Mississippi is one of the newest states to claim a state preschool program, having launched a pilot program in 2014-15, according to the National Institute for Early Education Research, or NIEER, a think tank focused on early education. That year, the state served 4 percent of 4-year-olds, and Head Start served an additional 30 percent, according to NIEER. (Just less than a third, 29 percent, of Mississippi's children, live in poverty.)
It will be interesting to see if any future improvement is attributable to the new program at some point. In the meantime, it seems like plenty of kudos likely belong to the state's kindergarten teachers.
We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement.
All comments are public.Home » Brand Wallpapers, Wallpapers » Nike Wallpaper
Nike Wallpaper collection for desktop with high quality including “Nike Logo Wallpaper” and “Nike Wallpaper Just Do It” and available in all sizes. Get free Nike Wallpaper for your desktop computer.
Mate, If You Like This, Share it and give rating
Related Pictures To Nike Wallpaper
February 13th, 2012
December 18th, 2012
August 23rd, 2012
February 17th, 2012
Leave a Comment for Nike WallpaperBy the way I have 6 days to prep Why gimbal only the inner cluster? WSAENOMORE 10102 No more results. Since the buffering requirements for sending are less than for receiving datagrams, it's conceivable that you can send a datagram larger than you can receive. Least Common Multiple How to deal with a very weak student? More about the author
all other functions: retry the operation again later since it cannot be satisfied at this time. WinSock functions: Any function which allocates a new descriptor: accept(), listen(), & socket(). This can help you (or your support staff) to zero-in on what's wrong when your application runs into a problem. Detailed descriptions (relevant to socket states): accept(): listen() was not invoked prior to accept() bind(): socket already bound to an address getsockname(): socket not bound with bind() listen(): socket not bound
It also occurs with functions that take a socket handle and a sockaddr structure as input parameters. WSA_QOS_REQUEST_CONFIRMED 11009 QoS request confirmed. The application may be accessing a socket that the current active task does not own (that is, trying to share a socket between tasks), or WSACleanup has been called too many Each implementation may have a maximum number of socket handles available, either globally, per process, or per thread.
The "address" it refers to is the remote socket name (protocol, port and address). Cannot translate a name. It can also be returned by setsockopt if an attempt is made to set SO_KEEPALIVE on a connection that has already failed. Socket Error Codes Linux How can you change "system fonts" in Firefox (to increase own safety & privacy)?38 Delphi How to replace tab by other command? WSAEMSGSIZE 10040 Message too long. Assuming you have a name server configured instead of or as well as a host table, a hostname resolution request causes a WinSock DLL to send a DNS "A" record query
For example, you cannot use the ARPA Internet UDP protocol with type SOCK_STREAM. What Is A Socket Error For example, the optional type SOCK_RAW might be selected in a socket call, and the implementation does not support SOCK_RAW sockets at all. WSAEINVALIDPROVIDER 10105 Service provider is invalid..
WSAECONNRESET (10054) Connection reset by peer. Regards, P1 I'm sorry, I really am. Windows Socket Error 10038 Ftp You can safely close a socket in the TCP/IP sense, using the shutdown() function. Socket Error Code 10038 All sockets are created with an associated address family (that is, AF_INET for Internet Protocols) and a generic protocol type (that is, SOCK_STREAM).
The v1.1 specification also lists connect(), although it does not allocate a descriptor. my review here Then, before trying to use it you may check if the socket is valid. Ping a host on the same subnet as the host you were connected to (if you know one). The errors that have User suggestions are all the same ones in the "User-fixable errors" list above. Winsock 10038
What is the right answer for this question, with 4 different conditions Convince people not to share their password with trusted others Password Protected Wifi, page without HTTPS - why the Either the socket handle parameter did not reference a valid socket, or for select, a member of an fd_set was not valid. WinSock functions: accept(), bind(), connect(), gethostname(), getpeername(), getsockname(), getsockopt(), recvfrom(), send(), sendto(), setsockopt() if buffer length is too small. click site The only time a WinSock might use this error--at least with a TCP/IP implementation of WinSock--it fails a function with other errors (for example, WSAETIMEDOUT).
A protocol was specified in the socket function call that does not support the semantics of the socket type requested. Socket Error 10054 Connection Reset By Peer This may indicate the file was deleted on the NFS server or some other catastrophic event occurred. A connect request was made on an already-connected socket.
WSAEINVALIDPROCTABLE 10104 Procedure call table is invalid. How to pluralize "State of the Union" without an additional noun? The WinSock description for this error is "the specified socket type is not supported in this address family," which qualifies the error condition a bit more than the Berkeley explanation does. Socket Error 10053 We are having problems with some of our PC's and TimesTen DB.
The values for WSANO_DATA and WSANO_ADDRESS (11004) are duplicates, so we don't count one of them. In some instances, it also refers to the current state of the socket—for instance, calling accept on a socket that is not listening. How does Gandalf get informed of Bilbo's 111st birthday party? navigate to this website A socket operation was attempted to an unreachable network.
Ran out of user quota. Subsequent operations fail with WSAECONNRESET. WinSock description: Same as Berkeley. But most of these function-less errors are simply out of place; they are inappropriate to the Windows Sockets API as it exists in the v1.1 specification.
This is usually a temporary error during host name resolution and means that the local server did not receive a response from an authoritative server. more hot questions question feed lang-cpp about us tour help blog chat data legal privacy policy work here advertising info mobile contact us feedback Technology Life / Arts Culture / RecreationVox Media voluntarily recognizes employee editorial union
- Vox Media officially recognized its editorial union.
- Vox joined several other digital media companies who have unionized over the past several years.
Vox Media management voluntarily recognized the legitimacy of its employee union.
After almost two months of meetings with representatives from the Writers Guild of America East, the committee to organize the union announced Wednesday that the company would officially recognize a bargaining unit.
12 cities with the most job openings:
"We have worked hard to form a unit that represents the people who build this company every day and want to look out for each other," the Vox Media Union Organizing Committee said in a statement. "That work has finally paid off."
Management had publicly said it was open to the prospect of a union, but talks had slowed as the two sides negotiated over whether individual employees should be permitted to join the editorial union. Organizers had taken actions including organizational happy hours, lunches, and a "Slack Strike" to push management to voluntarily recognize a larger bargaining unit.
Vox joined several other digital media newsrooms that have formed employee unions.
Staffers at Vice, HuffPost, and Thrillist successfully voluntarily unionized over the past several years.
Other newsrooms have also faced headwinds after attempting to form a union.
Gothamist and DNAinfo shut down last year after their editorial employees voted to unionize, staffers attempting to form a union at the The Los Angeles Times have faced harsh words from management following their unionization drive.
NOW WATCH: Trump's family church explains why he refuses to accept failure
See Also:
- Trump passed up a huge opportunity to give Americans an economic boost when he chose to focus on tax cuts
- BuzzFeed announces new White House correspondent after harassment-related firing
- The government-shutdown fight is about to get nasty over Democrats' key issue
SEE ALSO: Vox employees are going on a 'Slack Strike' to push for a unionAccording to Adobe, 59% of global consumers would rather engage with content that’s beautifully designed as opposed to simply designed. Additionally, they reported that nearly 9 out of 10 mobile users would switch devices or stop viewing content altogether if it fails to meet their quality, length, and formatting expectations.
Needless to say, if you are a web designer, you have a lot on your plate. After years of both professional and self-taught training, clients depend on you to meet their vision and ensure that their customers will appeal to the overall design, responsiveness, and functionality of your design. If not, you will face excessive revisions — or worse, lose a client.
Handling Client Feedback
You spend months working on a website, agonizing over every detail. You anticipate the deadline, so assured and confident that the client will love the final mockup. You form a grin, click “send,” and wait for the accolades to start pouring in.
Then you get an email that says, “I don’t like this direction.” or “This is not what I had in mind.”
No matter how long you’ve been in the web design industry, one of the most daunting feelings is handling client feedback. In situations where a client seeks revisions, you must tread lightly because showing any signs of aggravation would risk losing the project.
The best way to go about web design revisions is to establish a system. This system can be integral to your success, and without it, you might waste countless hours performing changes.
1. It starts with getting to know your client before starting the web design process.
When you get a client whose budget is over the moon, it’s easy to get caught up in the moment and start making unwise decisions. As a web designer, you must understand the needs, wants, and goals of a client to avoid revision requests altogether.
The goal is to get inside your client’s head at the very beginning of the project to come across fewer problems later in the process. Take the time to thoroughly discuss not only the client’s vision for the website but also the functionality it needs. This will ultimately limit or eliminate the need for extensive revisions.
For instance, if you agreed to a five-page site and realized towards the end of the project that one of those pages should function as a blog with its own comment section, search bar, and category archive sub-pages — you will have a major revision problem in your hands. Always remember to be unassuming when it comes to what the client wants. Ask questions and have the right conversations before you start designing to help you avoid these types of unnecessary surprises and revisions.
2. Seal the deal by signing a contract.
After discussing the ins and outs of the web design project, you need to put all of it in writing. A contract should elaborate the scope of the project, the costs, and how you will handle future revisions. Don’t hesitate to include a specific number of revisions with your quote, or opt to charge an hourly rate for any changes. Have your own policies as a professional web designer.
Detailing your revision policies in the contract will ultimately set parameters for the project and give you a point of reference, should the client begin making excessive requests.
3. Showcase your sense of honesty and diplomacy.
Revisions are part of any creative’s job, but you should also explain to a client that extra charges are inevitable when requests go beyond the scope of what they are paying you. For instance, when a client asks for more revisions, you can tell them that you’re happy to make the change and add it to the bill.
It’s also crucial to walk a client through the changes to help them understand why you need to add extra charges. Communication is a powerful tool for both conflict management and contract negotiation, among other things. Let’s say towards the end of the project, the client asks for unrealistic revisions. You can say, “No, that’s not possible because…,” which can come off extremely negative. It’s better to choose your words carefully and say, “Yes, we could definitely do that, and it’ll cost you this much extra because….” This way, you either extend the project and expand your earnings, or make it crystal clear that their request is unfeasible — but in a positive light.
A Word of Advice
Once you incorporate these best practices into your client discovery and web design process, the project should be smooth sailing. But don’t expect the same results for every client and project — that’s just the reality of it. Remember, the best thing you can do during the initial phase is to discuss and define each goal thoroughly. Before you embark on a new web design project, it’s imperative that both you and your prospective client are on the same page.
Additionally, it wouldn’t hurt to be selective. When choosing to work with a client, try to look for characteristics that serve as hints on how well your working relationship will be. You should examine the following:
- How passionate are they about the project?
- Are they haggling before you even begin to bounce ideas?
- Do they have a clear picture of their own goals?
- Are they willing to take your professional advice?
- Are they showing an interest in working with you specifically?
In general, if the client shows hesitation or a lack of understanding of their own project needs and goals, you should consider turning them down. After all, it’s your time and talent that’s on the line.
If you have further questions or are in need of professional web design services, let PrimeView employ effective solutions according to your business goals and needs. Call us today at 480-970-4688 or completePhysics 102 - Final Exam
Physics 102 - Final ExamMay 23, 00
Instructions:
This exam consists of 9 printed pages and one NCS Answer Sheet. Before you start, fill in your name in letters and in blacked-out circles on the answer sheet. Then answer Part I (Multiple Choice, questions 1-80) on the answer sheet by filling in one of the corresponding circles. Answer Part II (Quantitative, questions 81-100) on the last sheet of the set you are now reading. Each question is worth one point, for a total of 100 points. Further instructions concerning the quantitative part and posting of grades are on page 8.
Read questions carefully. Only correct answers count toward your grade, there is no penalty for incorrect answers, so it pays to answer all the questions. In the quantitative part it pays to explain your reasoning, for partial credit even if your final answer is wrong.
The exam will last 120 minutes, including the reading of these instructions and handing in of papers. You will hand in only the answer sheet and page 9.
1. In order to double the wavelength of a sound wave, you should only
(a) double its amplitude (b) double its frequency
(c) halve its amplitude (d) halve its frequency.
2. When two sine waves that are 180o out of phase are added together, the amplitude of the sum is
(a) always zero
(b) always less than the amplitude of either wave
(c) equal to the amplitude of the smaller wave
(d) always less than the amplitude of the larger wave
(e) always greater than the amplitude of the smaller wave.
3. A sound wave has SIL = 50 dB. Recall that SIL = 10 log([ I/(10-12W/m2)]). The intensity I of this wave, in W/m2, is therefore
(a) 50 (b) 5 (c) 10-5 (d) 10-7 (e) 10-10.
4. A sound wave with SIL = 50 dB is reflected by a cloth-covered wall that absorbs 75% of its intensity. The SIL of the reflected wave is
(a) 75 dB (b) 47 dB (c) 44 dB (d) 25 dB (e) 12.5 dB.
5. Light and sound are both waves; yet we can hear a car that is coming from behind the corner of a building before we can see the car. This is because
(a) sound travels faster than light
(b) since lsound > llight, sound diffracts more than light
(c) sound is not reflected by buildings
(d) sound and light interfere, with sound winning out.
6. A moving locomotive is sounding its horn as it crosses a highway. There are people in all directions from the locomotive - in front, in back, to the right and left. Compared to the ``true'' pitch, as heard by the engineer, the horn's pitch heard by these people is
(a) higher (b) lower (c) the same for all of the people
(d) higher for some, true for others, and lower for yet others of the people
The diagram below is a plot of the motion of a mass that is bobbing up and down on a spring. The vertical scale shows the mass's height above the floor, and the horizontal scale shows time. Only part of the motion, starting at 5 sec, is shown. Use this plot to answer questions 7-10.
1mm
Picture Omitted
7. This motion is
(a) not periodic (b) periodic but not simple harmonic
(c) simple harmonic (d) none of the above
8. How many periods are shown?
(a) one (b) two (c) three (d) four
9. What is the period?
(a) 1 sec (b) 2 sec (c) 4 sec (d) 7 sec (e) 9 sec
10. What is the amplitude?
(a) 1 cm (b) 1.5 cm (c) 2 cm (d) 2.5 cm (e) 4 cm
The plots below show displacement (vertical) vs time (horizontal). Use them to identify the vibrations of questions 11-14.
0.8mm
Picture Omitted
11. A square wave, amplitude modulated by a sawtooth wave.
12. A damped harmonic vibration.
13. A triangle wave sampled (and held) at 20 times the frequency of the wave.
14. The type of vibration that is heard as ``beats."
15. The frequency of the note B4 is close to 500Hz. The period of this vibration is
(a) 500 sec (b) 1 sec (c) 0.2 sec (d) 2 msec (e) none of these
16. A sine wave and a square wave cannot have the same
(a) loudness (b) wavelength (c) frequency (d) tone quality (e) pitch
17. An electric bell is operating in a vacuum. We cannot hear the sound of the bell because
(a) air is needed to conduct the electric current to the bell
(b) the bell's metal cannot vibrate in vacuum
(c) there is no air to conduct the vibrations to our ears
(d) the vacuum jar absorbs the sound
(e) the noise of the pump is louder than the noise of the bell.
18. The wavelength of ``shortwave" radio waves is smaller than that of standard broadcast (AM) radio waves. They both propagate at the same speed. This allows you to conclude that, compared to AM waves, the ``shortwaves" have
(a) lower frequency (b) longer period (c) higher frequency (d) smaller amplitudes
19. When a sound wave enters from air into a metal, in which the speed of sound is much larger than in air, it does not change its
(a) wavelength (b) frequency (c) speed (d) all of these (a-c) change
20. Sound moves at 345 m/sec toward a rock wall, reflects, and returns (as an echo). The roundtrip takes 2 sec. How far away is the wall?
(a) 70 m (b) 170 m (c) 340 m (d) 345 m (e) 350 m
21. Two identical sound sources differ in distance from the listener by 1/2l. The result will be
(a) no sound at the listener (b) constructive interference
(c) sound which is twice as loud as one source (d) beats
Questions 22-27 refer to the following figure, showing a stretched string, [ 1/2] m long, fixed at the ends.
1mm
Picture Omitted
22. The dotted curve shows the vibration of this string in its fundamental mode. The wavelength of this wave is
(a) 0.25 m (b) 0.5 m (c) 1 m (d) 2 m (e) 4 m
23. The vibration is
(a) transverse (b) transposed (c) travelling (d) longitudinal (e) triangular
24. The heavy solid curve shows the vibration of this string at which harmonic number N:
(a) 1 (b) 2 (c) 3 (d) 4 (e) 5
25. How many nodes are there in the vibration of the solid curve?
(a) 1 (b) 2 (c) 3 (d) 4 (e) 5
26. The wave speed on this string is v = 100 m/sec. The fundamental frequency is therefore f =
(a) 25 Hz (b) 50 Hz (c) 75 Hz (d) 100 Hz (e) 200 Hz
27. The tension of the string is made 4 times as large as before. As a consequence (mark the best answer)
(a) the frequency becomes twice what it was before
(b) the period decreases by a factor of two
(c) the new pitch is an octave higher than the old one
(d) all of the above.
28. A musical tone of frequency 750 Hz, compared to one of frequency 500 Hz, is
(a) A fourth higher
(b) a fifth higher
(c) an octave higher
(d) an octave and a fifth higher
(e) not higher but lower.
29. A closed and an open pipe have the same fundamental frequency. Which one is longer?
(a) the open pipe (b) the closed pipe (c) they are equally long
(d) depends on the speed of sound
30. The two pipes of the previous question are placed in a gas with a speed of sound greater than the speed of sound in air. What happens to their fundamental frequencies:
(a) the longer pipe increases its fundamental more than the shorter one
(b) the shorter pipe increases its fundamental more than the longer one
(c) both frequencies increase equally
(d) both frequencies decrease equally.
31. What is the length of an open pipe whose fundamental is 345 Hz, when the speed of sound is 345 m/sec?
(a) 345 m (b) 3.45 m (c) 1 m (d) [ 1/2] m (e) [ 1/3.5] m
32. If the fundamental resonance of a closed tube is 200 Hz, what is the frequency of the next higher resonance?
(a) 300 Hz (b) 400 Hz (c) 500 Hz (d) 600 Hz (e) 800 Hz
33. A graph showing amplitude of response of a system vs driving frequency is called
(a) resonance curve (b) Fourier spectrum (c) velocity pattern
(d) Lissajous figure (e) sonogram
34. The mathematical statement that any periodic wave of frequency f can be synthesized from sine waves of frequencies f, 2f, 3f, ... is called
(a) Bernoulli's principle (b) Fourier's theorem (c) Helmholtz's equation
(d) Huygens' principle (e) Ohm's law
35. Two waves that have the same Fourier spectrum may differ in
(a) wave shape (b) timbre (tone quality) (c) intensity (d) frequency (pitch)
(e) period
Question 36-39 concern the waves so numbered, shown below. For each wave, mark the letter corresponding to its Fourier spectrum, also shown below. For example, if you think wave 36 has the Fourier spectrum (c) (which it does not), mark C for question 36 on the answer sheet.
The time on each graph in the top row runs from 0 to 1 msec, so that wave 36, for example, has frequency 1000 Hz. The frequency scale on the bottom graphs is 1000 Hz per division. Due to the finite range available, graphs (a) and (b) show only part of the spectrum; these two spectra are meant to continue to higher harmonics, with regularly decreasing amplitudes.
1.00mm
Picture Omitted
40. Changing only the phase of the component waves in the Fourier synthesizer showed that
(a) tone quality is independent of phase
(b) wave shape is independent of phase
(c) tone quality depends on harmonic content
(d) wave shape depends on harmonic content.
41. The envelope generator of a synthesizer is typically used to
(a) generate the audio signal.
(b) achieve a vibrato effect.
(c) control the attack and decay characteristics of the sound.
(d) provide a trigger for the keyboard.
(e) provide an envelope to mail in the payments for the synthesizer.
42. The critical band for a frequency f is
(a) the band of frequencies that the human ear can hear.
(b) the region along the basilar membrane that responds to the frequency f.
(c) the band of frequencies that sound indistinguishable from f.
(d) a band made of instruments all tuned to the frequency f.
43. The noise of a diesel locomotive at a distance of 100 ft has an SIL of 100 dB. Assume that the inverse square law is valid. What is the SIL from this locomotive at 200 ft?
(a) 200 dB (b) 25 dB (c) 94 dB (d) 10 dB
44. What would be the noise of two such diesel locomotives at 100 ft?
(a) 200 dB (b) 120 dB (c) 103 dB (d) 102 dB (e) 50 dB
45. Inhaling helium or other gas in which the speed of sound is higher than in air changes a person's voice because
(a) the resonance frequencies of the person's vocal tract change.
(b) helium affects the speech center in the brain.
(c) helium allows the vocal folds to vibrate faster.
(d) there is no change, the demo was a fake.
46. A pure tone with frequency 1000 Hz is played. A second pure tone, higher in frequency, is played with the first tone. If two distinct tones are perceived, the second tone must be
(a) a frequency JND away from the first tone
(b) outside the first tone's critical band
(c) such that beats can be heard
(d) the subjective fundamental of the first tone.
47. A 60 watt light bulb is designed to take up 60 W of electrical power when connected to 120 Volts. What is the current through the bulb?
(a) 720 A (b) 120 A (c) 60 A (d) 2 A (e) 1/2 A
48. A tape recorder puts a signal of 1.5 V amplitude into an impedance of 50,000 W. The transferred power is therefore
(a) much less than 1 W (b) about 1 W (c) much more than 1 W
49. The acoustical purpose of a baffle around a speaker is
(a) to make the speaker look better
(b) to prevent the wave from the back from interfering destructively with that from the front
(c) to resonate with the sound put out by the speaker
(d) to prevent excessive vibration of the speaker cone.
50. In order to put the same power into a 16 W speaker as into a 4 W speaker, the voltage across the 16 W speaker's terminals, compared to that across the 4 W speaker's terminal, has to be
(a) equal (b) twice (c) four times (d) half (e) a quarter
51. The number 12 in binary is 1100. The number 13 in binary is
(a) 1101 (b) 11000 (c) 11111 (d) 1200 (e) 1300
52. The largest number you can write with 10 binary bits is 1111111111, which is approximately 1000 in ordinary, decimal notation. Suppose a CD system used just 10 binary bits, so that the largest amplitude it could record would be about a thousand times the smallest amplitude. Assume that the SIL corresponding to the smallest amplitude is 0 dB and use the formula SIL = SIL0 + 20 log (A/A0). What would be the dynamic range in this situation?
(a) 6 dB (b) 20 dB (c) 60 dB (d) 1000 dB (e) 2000 dB
53. The reverberation time was defined to be the time required for sound intensity to decrease by a factor of one million (1,000,000). This is equivalent to a decrease in the SIL by
(a) 6 dB (b) 12 dB (c) 60 dB (d) 120 dB
54. If I increase the sound absorption of a room, for example by covering a tile floor with a carpet, the reverberation time
(a) increases (b) remains the same (c) decreases
(d) depends on whether verbs or nouns are used.
55. Which experiment showed interference:
(a) bell in vacuum (b) beaker breaker
(c) speaker and candle (d) phase reversal between stereo speakers
56. We showed a 3 dB increase in SIL by
(a) switching an oscillator, connected to a speaker, manually back and forth by 3 dB.
(b) asking the class to shout until an SIL meter showed an SIL of 3dB.
(c) dividing the class in two and having first one half clap, and then having the whole class
clap.
(d) playing a tape with a sound that varied by 3dB.
57. Which effect cannot be shown with two audio oscillators feeding into one amplifier and speaker:
(a) Faraday's law of induction (b) critical band
(c) sum and difference tones (d) quality beats (e) masking
58. We used a hairdryer and ping pong ball to illustrate
(a) the vibration of the ball in the standing wave set up by the hairdryer.
(b) the effect of the humidity of air on the speed of sound.
(c) that a ping pong ball in dry air can become electrically charged.
(d) that the air pressure is less on the side of the ball where the air flows faster.
59. We used a Fourier synthesizer to generate a square wave. We could not get a perfect square wave because
(a) phase errors made it lopsided
(b) amplitude errors made the tops and bottoms rounded rather than flat
(c) absence of very high frequency components caused rapid wiggles at top and bottom
(d) we DID get a perfect square wave.
60. In one experiment a wire was suspended between the poles of a permanent magnet. When current was made to flow through the wire
(a) the magnet rotated by 90o (b) the wire moved away from the magnet
(c) the wire responded only to a change in the current through it
(d) the wire was pulled into the region of the strongest magnetic field.
For the following questions mark A for ``true'' and B for ``false''
61. A steady tone played on a violin is an almost perfect sine wave.
62. Different vowel sounds differ mainly in the relative frequency and amplitude of the first two formants.
63. The threshold of hearing is at 0 phons for all frequencies.
64. A standing wave remains constant, without any change in time whatever.
65. The precedence effect enables us to hear the fundamental frequency of a complex wave, even when that frequency is absent in the Fourier spectrum.
66. In the well-tempered scale, only the octaves are perfect intervals.
67. Light is a longitudinal wave, whereas sound is transverse.
68. A triangle wave contains higher-frequency Fourier components than a sine wave of the same periodicity.
69. In a CD player the disk rotates at a constant linear velocity.
70. In a dynamic loudspeaker the sound is produced by vibration of a permanent magnet.
71. In an audio system, AM-FM tuner, tape recorder, and CD player each requires its own, separate amplifier and loudspeaker.
72. The sounds ``ee'' and ``oo'' cannot be spoken (or sung) in such a way that their Fourier spectrums are alike.
73. Therefore the sounds ``ee'' and ``oo'' cannot be spoken (or sung) at the same pitch.
74. To make the acoustics of an auditorium more live, the wall, ceiling, and floor surfaces should be made as sound absorbent as possible.
75. In white noise all frequencies are present, and all have the same intensity.
76. Attack transients help determine the tone quality of a musical note.
77. The sound quality of a violin is due only to the resonances of its strings; the violin body has no resonances of its own.
78. Percussion instruments have only a single resonance.
79. For two electrical devices connected to the same voltage, the one with the smaller resistance draws the smaller current.
80. In order to avoid interference between different AM stations, each station uses a carrier wave that is different from that of any of the other stations.
Further instructions:
Questions 81-90 are to be answered on the last page (page 9). Write your name in the space provided, and either now or when you finish, detach that page so the single page 9 can be handed in (i.e. without the multiple-choice part I).
If you want your grade posted on the phys102 web site, write ``please post'' below your name and also give a ``secret code'' for yourself under which to post your grade (legibly, please!).
At the very end there is an option for you to fill in answers to questions 81-100 on the answer sheet. You cannot ``lose'' anything (except a small amount of time) by doing so, because we will still look at your drawings and, for possible partial credit, at any written answer of 81-100 on which you did not get a perfect score.
For these problems, use speed of sound = 345 m/sec.
81-90. a. Draw an open tube, and within it the ``transverse representation" of the velocity pattern for a standing sound wave at harmonic number N = 3:
b. The open tube is 4.2 cm (= 0.042 m) long. Find the frequency of the N = 3 harmonic in Hertz, accurate to five figures (that is, forget about the figures after the decimal point). Show your work below.
c. Draw a closed tube, and within it the ``transverse representation" of the velocity pattern for a standing sound wave at harmonic number N = 3:
d. How long should the closed tube be so that its N = 3 harmonic has the same frequency as that of the of the open tube of part (a)?
91-100. At a distance of 6 m from a source the sound intensity is 4.8×10-8 W/m2 = 0.000000048 W/m2.
a. What is the intensity (in W/m2) at 12 m from the source?
b. How far from the source must you move for the intensity to fall to 1/16 of the intensity at 6 m?
c. The SIL of this source at 6 m is 47 dB. What is the SIL at 3 m?
Optional - Help us grade: For question 81-90, mark the five digits of your answer to b., in sequence, in spaces 81-85 of the answer sheet; and mark the two non-zero digits of your answer to d., in sequence, in spaces 86-87 of the answer sheet. Mark spaces 88-90 with A.
For questions 91-100, mark the two non-zero digits of your answer to a., in sequence, in spaces 91-92, and also in spaces 93-94, of the answer sheet; and mark the two non-zero digits of your answer to b., in sequence, in spaces 95-96, as well as 97-98, of the answer sheet; and mark the two digits of your answer to c., in sequence, in spaces 99-100 of the answer sheet.
We will of course still look at your written answers! Thanks, and have a good summer.Registration open for Society of Interventional Radiology Annual Scientific Meeting, March 17–22, 2018, in L.A.
FAIRFAX, VA (Oct. 23, 2017)—Online registration is open for the Society of Interventional Radiology (SIR) 2018 Annual Scientific Meeting. The meeting takes place March 17–22, 2018, at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, Calif.
SIR 2018 brings together more than 5,000 interventional radiology physicians, fellows, trainees and related health care professionals to explore innovations in image-guided treatments and share groundbreaking research that may help solve some of today's toughest medical problems. With more than 100 faculty from dozens of countries, the meeting offers a unique opportunity to learn from and collaborate with colleagues from around the world.
Peer-reviewed scientific abstracts feature prominently throughout the program, with more than 400 oral presentations and more than 350 poster presentations to inform attendees about the science shaping the specialty. Through an array of highly interactive session formats, SIR 2018 encourages attendees to learn in the way that best suits their needs. Choices include 13 clinical pathways, self-assessment modules (SAMs), case-based settings, hands-on workshops and didactic lectures and Q & A.
Highlights at SIR 2018 include sessions on how medicine’s big-data revolution will change IR and the return of SIR’s dedicated, hands-on at.. The Society of Interventional Radiology is holding its Annual Scientific Meeting March 17–22, 2018, at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, Calif. Visit sirmeeting.org.12/20/13 12/16/13 POPSUGAR Celebrity Holiday President Obama at the Christmas in Washington Special Even President Obama Can Be Charmed by Hugh Jackman December 16, 2013 by Maria Mercedes Lara 42 Shares Chat with us on Facebook Messenger. Learn what's trending across POPSUGAR. View On One Page Photo 8 of 13 ADVERTISEMENT () Start Slideshow Share This Link Copy ← Use Arrows Keys → 8 Hugh Jackman shook hands with President Obama. 0 previous images -18 more images Previous Next Start Slideshow Join the conversation Chat with us on Facebook Messenger. Learn what's trending across POPSUGAR. Anna KendrickMichelle ObamaBarack ObamaChristmasHugh JackmanHolidayKatheryne Schulz
” We said it best in CUPE: Invest in people: We are the solution.”
That rhetoric is all fine and good so long as the public purse can keep getting topped up with deficit spending and more debt. But what about managing that investment, to assure that it doesn’t cost more than what it’s worth?
When was the last time that CUPE stated that over-compensating a certain job description (beyond fair-market value) creates an un-necessary burden on the rest of society?
How does over-investing in people, create the capital required to buy computers for schools, or an MRI machine for a hospital?
If those “people” (ie. unionized people) continue to gain via CBA’s to the point that they earn more than they are worth,then they’re just an economic drag…Due to the displaced funds that go into paying the OpEx for ‘human capital’ – rather than longer-lasting economic development through investments (and debt reduction) that yield long-term dividends for everyone, right across the board…not simply the individual public sector employee.
Or do you forsee a future where a service economy exists to support a privileged public sector class, and we all grow our economy via investments in offshored industries, and speculating on market bubbles perhaps?
I’d like to see indications (not just rhetorical grand-standing) that the public sector unions can see past the benefits they seek for their own membership, and demonstrate how society at large is served by continuing to support PS labour organizations in the future with our hard-earned taxes.Kevin and I have been friends for many years and share a lot of similar passions for Christ and His community. As many of you know Kevin is one of the leading worship leaders in the Body of Christ and has been a mentor to many young bands including Delirious. Kevin is starting a new venture by launching the Music Coope. Rather than me taking the time to explain it I asked Kevin to do it in his own words. I encourage you check out his website and keep up with the new music that will be launched from the Music Coope.
What is the Music Coope?
Musicians have always been a cagy crew. Typically narcissistic and brooding, they are relentlessly in pursuit of euphoric inspiration that conjures heroic sensations usually reserved for superheroes and floating spacemen. Biblical accounts paint their origins in a rather suspect shade. Lucifer, the original angel of music who’s very being was interwoven with pipes and strings, was so intoxicated with ambition that he was cast down from the heavens. Jubal is the name of the first recorded musician passed down from the Hebrew oral tradition. No surprise that he is descendent from the infamous Cain who slew his brother Abel in a fit of jealous rage. When questioned by God about the whereabouts of Abel, Cain’s calloused response went something like this: “Am I my brother’s keeper?” The Music Coope is a family of musicians dedicated to being their brother’s (or sister’s) keeper. “Survival of the fittest” loses its’ intellectual glory when applied to human relationships. The Coope is about cooperation, believing artists will render their purest and best work in the context of community.
Founder and leading visionary of The Music Coope, Kevin Prosch, has a vision that harkens back to the Great Depression era. Prosch says: “Many farmers fell on desperate times in those days and for most the only means for survival was to form cooperatives, or Co-ops.” Farmers found strength and stability in pooling their financial and intellectual resources and many families and farms were rescued from abject poverty. Music Coope artists are using these same principles to create, promote and release their music while intentionally breaking down communication barriers between artists and their fans. Rather than selling out to an industry that has little regard for the artist apart from bottom-line production, Music Coope members are sowing into integrity based relationships with each other and fans of their work while creating a market place that is less “hustle” with more “flow”. Prosch says: “At the end of the day these artists are real people with families that have tangible needs just like every other human being. The Music Coope allows them to make an honest living in their craft while fans find themselves privy to an insiders look at the creative process of music making and intimate portraits of the artists themselves.” The first annual Music Coope Festival will be held June 9-11 in Amarillo, Texas. Registration information (registration discounts) and Festival details can be found at.
The Music Coope website will launch shortly and will offer fans an opportunity of membership at a very low monthly cost. Benefits will include free monthly downloads; free annual compilation CD featuring Coope artists, video diaries and interviews with Coope artists and monthly newsletters.Stop Trying to Escape Emotions – Use Mindfulness to Accept and Address Them
There are many reasons that people have for wanting to escape emotions, but one recurring theme is that it can be painful to face certain feelings. This is why escapism with alcohol, drugs, overworking, overeating and other habits are often used in place of dealing with emotion.
But when you push away the emotions rather than accepting them, they can grow in intensity. The anger can become bitterness, the fear can become an anxiety disorder. When you attempt to escape emotion and they end up building, not dealing with them can become a wrecking ball that will hit you when you least expect.
You’ll end up feeling overwhelmed when the wall of emotion from months or years of holding them back hits you all at once. The best way to deal with emotions, even the painful ones that you don’t want to face is address them.
By addressing them, you can discover a better way of handling what you feel. Mindfulness can help with this. If you practice mindfulness, it can show you how to accept your emotions rather than pushing them away and not dealing with them.
One of the reasons that many people don’t want to accept their emotions is because they attach another emotion to the original. For example, if they feel afraid of something, it’s often followed by shame.
They’ll shame themselves by engaging in negative self talk for having the fear to start with. The reasoning behind this is because people label feelings as acceptable or unacceptable or as good or bad.
When you use mindfulness to accept whatever it is that you’re feeling, you simply allow those feelings to be. You let them exist without defining them or attempting to alter them.
It means that you’ll be able to release feeling the need to keep your emotions tucked away. With mindfulness, you’ll discover that emotions aren’t bad to have and they’re not bad to accept.
By accepting them, you can experience freedom. When you accept emotions, it doesn’t mean that you’re going to stay stuck in a rut of always feeling anger or grief or whatever emotion that you have.
It means that you recognize the emotion for what it is. A feeling and nothing more. Accepting means that you allow the emotion to be felt and you don’t fight to keep it at bay.
Mindfulness can help you address the emotions that you try to escape from. You need emotions to help guide you way through life. Exercises can help you learn to address your emotions, such as deep breathing while focusing only on the emotion that you’re experiencing at that time.
While you’re focusing on the emotion, get to the reason that caused the emotion. When you figure out the cause, it can be helpful in accepting and addressing it. Once you identify the cause, you can release the emotion tied to the source.Underwater Universe
Underwater Universe
This new limited series continues to explore the fascinating dark side of the Ocean. Four episodes present the complete and definitive story of the world's oceans through the prism of its Five Deadly Forces...Tides and Currents, Pressure, Waves, and Predators. These are the Ocean's unpredictable governing powers, deadly forces that have brought terror and destruction throughout history. Each episode explores a different deadly force while mapping its awesome past and contemporary presence throughout the Pacific, Atlantic, Indian, Southern and Arctic Oceans.
Killer Shockwaves
The Underwater Universe generates 3 types of deadly waves: Rogue, Monster and Tsunami. We will progress from bigger to bigger waves and explore how these killers are born and what makes each unique.
Predators Of The Deep
Bone crushing jaws, needle sharp teeth, venom so painful victims scream even after they're unconscious. In the cold and the dark, the predators await.
Fatal Pressure
The Deep crushes, flattens and deforms... the grinding boot-heel of the underwater universe against which the human body has no escape
Tides And Currents Of Death
Deadly forces created by the motion of the planet itself, transforming placid seawater into raging torrents. Best hope: grab something that floats and hold on for the ride of your life.
2. It is not all about me, in fact very little is.
3. I have made mistakes but instead of living in guilt or depression I should learn from them and do everything I can not to repeat them.
4. Any guy would be lucky to have me.
5. The first step in fixing my problems is NOT realizing them, it is committing to work on them.
6. My family is the best ever. Seriously, the people in my family are incredible.
7. Instead of getting frustrated with how people treat me, instead I should be concerned for them. What is wrong with them that they would act in an unkind or inconsiderate manner? Again, it's not all about me :)
8. God is working strong in my life even I'm not.
9. Life is good.Regular price: $15.48: how to answer a question like 'is the world a jigsaw?'; dealing with a 10, on trying to become a parent in modern Britain, on sex, commercialism, feeding, gender and finding secret places to scream once in a while.
I’ve laughed, cried, smiled in recognition and told so many people how Hollie McNish hits it all bang on. It’s not just motherhood, it’s life she talks about. I think I’m just going to go straight back and listen to it all again from the beginning. ❤️
A lovely book of honest poetry that has reassured a new father and galvanised my desire to continue destigmatising the many parts of life and parenthood that most need it.
Smart, witty and insightful. An enjoyable listen during the daily commute . highly recommend to parents,parents to-be and anyone else!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
Love her poems - beautifully written, full of emotion and depth and so relatable, not pretentious.
This is beyond parenthood. Topics covered include sexism, feminism, racism, sex, income equality and the struggle and frustration to shield our children from society's absurd prejudices.There are sometimes when your suppose to have done some things and alas life gets in the way well this card is very late to arrive to someone and I'm hoping they like it I've tried something a little new by going out of my comfort zone using lots of funky pattern paper ... at first I didn't like it but the more I've added to it the more it works hum surprised myself and it has tons of sparkles all over it too with my new sparkly little gel pen
Challenges -
Challenge Up your Life - Everything Goes
Colour Me Creative - Create a Background
Our Creative Corner- Bling it Up
Pause, Dream, Enjoy - Cupcakes or Babies
Simply Create too - Anything Goes 8/16
Divas by Design - Flowers
Recipe - Stamps- LOTV,Friskars, Papers - Basic Grey,K n Co, Inks - Versamark,Studio G, Clear embossing, Sparkly Gel Pen, Touch Markers, Punches - EK Success, Spellbinders, Bling
Thanks for looking
hugs Nikki
Great image! Love it! Thanks for playing at Pause Dream Enjoy Challenges! :) Janis
Adorable card!The mice are having a grand time. Love the flowers you used. thanks for sharing. Edwina Brown
what a sweet card! the image is adorable and i like your patterned papers!
what a super duper cute card! the mice are adorable plus great bling on the flowers and elsewhere... hope to see you again at Our Creative Corner :-)
What a cute card Nikki...I love those little mice & all your DP is awesome!
Hugs, Renee
Love your card thanks for playing along at Divas by Design
-Sheryl-
This is so adorable. I love it. Thanks for joining PDE Challenges.
Wow, stunning! Love how you colored the background of the image, that's brilliant. Best, CG
What a fabulous and cute card! I like the LOTV-image you've used, your card is really lovely :)
Thanks so much for playing along at Challenge up your life!
What cute little mice! I really like all the different elements you have combined in this card, it has so much texture and interest, and lots of gorgeous bling! :) Thanks for sharing with us this week at Our Creative Corner.
Chris
Wow, einfach nur zauberhaft!!!
Vielen Dank für´s Mitmachen bei Challenge up your life!
Liebe Grüße,
Yvonne
Such a lovely and cute card. Love the fun little mice and pretty layout. Thank you so much for sharing with us at Our Creative Corner this week... :)
Oh how cute. I like the image used and the flowers are cute.
Thanks for sharing and joining us at Simply Create Too Challenge #19 DT AJ~
Just love your card. wonderful embellishments. Thanks for joining us at Color Me Creative. Good luck on the challenge.
Hugs, PatriciaHoney bee product value and production is directly related to the quality and extent of hive sites.
A NEW Co-operative Research Centre (CRC) led by the University of Western Australia (UWA).
For more of this story, purchase your copy of Tuesday's Sunraysia Daily 21/03/2017.To subscribe to our Digital Edition Click here- Age / Gender:
- 34, Male
- Location:
- Kentucky, USA
- Joined:
- 2/17/08
- All Stats >
I'm defined by what I despise. Probably not a positive character trait.
Contact Info / Websites
Latest Movies
Latest Favorite Movies
Latest Favorite Games
Latest Favorite Audio
Recent Game Medals
Total Medals Earned: 256 (From 27 different games.)Profile
Connections
Endorsements
Chemical Zoois one of the
premier heavy rock acts out of Memphis today. Their debut effort, Fluid eXchange is an extremely diverse piece of work. It showcases their musical talents, both individually and collectively, from one end of the spectrum to the other. With noticeable influences from the likes of Soundgarden and Rage Against the Machine to NIN and Megadeth, this record encompasses and reflects the aspects of our humanity and our human frailty. It will push every button you have. Chemical Zoo is definitely a Force to be reckoned with. Welcome to Zootopia.and 2 added. C'est la vie -- and a boring blog.
In honor of the contest, I ran 20 miles this morning. A first! 34 for the week.
I also took an ice bath afterwards -- another first!! No photos. If you want gratuitous and exhibitionistic photos, go see Steve in a Speedo's blog.
I almost had another first (and would, no doubt, have been the last) along the route but there was a golf course bathroom that came to the rescue.
The run was uneventful. I ran the first 4 miles, then ran/walked the remaining in a .9 run/.1 walk. Around mile 15, I started to walk a bit more and got nervous about my water supply. I did have several sources planned out and they were all available, so no hydration problems. I started at 5:30 am and it quickly became hot. Nice and salty hat!
I was out there almost 4 hours. The salient question in my mind is: Can I extrapolate success for 26.2 from relative success in 20? Answer is yes with lingering doubt. My feet really swelled up in my shoes and two toes took a bad beating, but otherwise I'm 'normally' sore. Cardiovascular stayed strong, form began to break down a bit after 15, and I ran much faster than I planned while walking slower than I planned. The plan calls for 3 runs this coming week and another long run next weekend (22?), then taper and San Diego RnR Marathon on June 6. The fallback plan is to downgrade to the 1/2 and set a PR, though I really want a marathon on the books.
I hear you, I hear you --get to the contest! The winner (randomly selected from a hat by a trustworthy 2 year old) of the 20th Follower to Running Through Phoenix is..... Runlaur! You most likely know her and her blog, but if you don't, check her out. She is an awesome blogger, and person, and is running in the Bob Potts marathon (her first marathon) this!
7 comments:
You definitely can run the san diego marathon, but a half is always good too. Nice to see another Arizona runner!
NICE work on the 20 mile run. I totally think that you will be able to finish the marathon after a 20. Just don't get hurt trying to get one last long run in.
How did you get the google map of your visitors? Are you single handedly stalking each and every one?
Great job on the 20! Wow- that hat is amazing!!!
Good job on twenty miles.
Your two year old cheated.
I didn't realize that I didn't officially comment on this yet!
Yay for winning, and bigger yay for your first 20 miler! Your hat is crazy - you might want to start popping salt caps on long runs. You can totally finish the marathon. I'm thinking about maybe starting out the the 5 hour pace group and seeing how much I have to slow down from there...
你的部落格感覺很棒，nice job！........................................
Congrats on the 20 miler and 20 followers!!!T.212.967.4899 | mail@ippodogallery.com |
Chicara
[Metal]
About the Artist
Born in Saga Prefecture in 1962.
Involved in a motorcycle accident at the age of 16, Nagata recovered only after a long period of intensive treatment and many blood transfusions.
Wanting to express his gratitude to people throughout the world, he began to teach himself design at the age of 20.
In 1993, he began to produce motorcycles in parallel with his graphic design work.
In 2006, he won the AMD World Championship of Custom Bike Building and has since received numerous awards.
Nagata does not make design drawings or possess specialized machinery.
Working by hand, he meticulously fashions all of the some 700 different parts necessary (except tires and engine).
The resulting motorcycle, born of 7,500 hours of handcrafting, is not simply a means of transportation but an unparalleled work of art.
In 2008, he held a solo exhibition at Ippodo Gallery, New York, and showed work in New York's Asian Contemporary Art Fair. He has since participated in numerous exhibitions and events in Japan and abroad.
Since 2010, he has begun producing electric motorcycles.
1962 Born in the Saga Prefecture of Kyusyu Island in southern Japan.
1982 Began career in graphic design.
1992 Established CHICARA, Inc. graphic design agency.
1993 Began to customize Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
1998 Participated in the Harley custom show in Japan.
*Since, he has participated in motorcycle show all over Japan and won numerous prizes.
2005 Participated in Harley custom show in Belgium, Germany, and France, winning a total of six awards.
2006 Participated in AMD World Championship 2006 in U.S.A. Won First Place.
2007 Participated in AMD World Championship 2007 in U.S.A. Won Second Place.
2007 Participated in AMD Asian Championship in Malaysia. Won First Place.
2008 A solo exhibition at Ippodo Gallery, New York,
and showed work in New York's Asian Contemporary Art FairHas...
the fact that you're no longer working doesn't mean that the things that cause you stress retired at the same time you did!
Self care is vitally important not just for stress relief but also for overall mental health. It can do everything from helping you get over a bad day to improving.
Did you arrive at this page looking for pre-retirement courses or coaching? You'll need our Contemporary Retirement website.
Note: only a member of this blog may post a comment.K.
Gecko Lipe Resort considers our environmental impact in all aspects of decision-making.
We work diligently to minimize our waste and conserve natural resources. Our exciting lifestyle resort thereby created a unique approach to eco-living. Relax in an atmosphere of rural simplicity combined with the comforts of the present day to experience a stay that will be hard to forget. We are proud to say “not one tree has been cut to make space to our bungalows”D-E 360° AfterCare & Enrichment (ACE) will host an Academic Chess Tournament on Saturday, December 2, 2017..
Early bird discount if registered by Monday, October 30!.Pork!
I chose rosemary and juniper since they both have that resin-y flavor and it really brought out the pork flavor. While you may be tempted to add more garlic thinking that 2 is just not enough, restrain yourself; this is a very mellow brine that produces a savory pork chop with just a hint of herbal infusion. Trust me, most of your diners won't even realize that there was flavorings in the brine, they will simply comment on how juicy the chop is and the great pork flavor!
Rosemary and Juniper Brined Pork Chops
(serves 2)
2 pork chops
3 cups water
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons juniper berries
1 3 inch sprig rosemary, de-leafed
2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled
2 fresh bay leaves, crushed to reveal their aroma
1 tablespoon olive oil
salt
pepper
Mince rosemary and combine with juniper berries in mortar and pestle and crush until mashed. In plastic ziplock bag large enough to hold both pork chops flat, add water, salt, rosemary juniper mixture, garlic and bay leaves and seal. Place in dish so that chops are submerged in brine and marinate 24 hours. Drain and remove all seasonings. Pat chops drop and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat skillet large enough to hold both chops and add olive oil. Cook chops until just barely done, 5-8 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Remove from heat and allow to rest 5 minutes. Serve immediately.
Hugs!
Recipes currently inspiring me:
Blue Cheese Stuffed Figs with Prosciutto at Stacey Snacks
Maque Choux at Closet Cooking
Maple Buttermilk Pie at 101 Cookbooks
2 comments:
I am always looking for something to do with my juniper berries in my spice cabinet!
nice opinion. thanks for sharing...Contemporary is no bigger approach to meet your new than an luring garden center. It helps to possess a bright and monogrammed nursery school in behalf of your unusual neonate. Not single desire your infant waken to a good range of vision, it additionally helps lots in underdeveloped his or her cognitive book learning. Though, contemporary are supplementary challenges in sprucing up a infant playgroup than what we on the whole be acquainted with. If you are conjecture what more or less bulkhead ornament to practise, after that you have to secure your keeping on any impediment letters in the service of your babe’s kindergarten. It is unexceptionally gaiety to elaborate your nipper’s leading area and it is unsurpassed to bang with enclosure letters.
Placing screen print in your infant’s allowance is not as puzzling as it give every indication. Compared with doing murals or use stenciled letters, exploitation impediment letters proves to be lots easier. Shopping representing that rather divider ornamentation is additionally lovely uncomplicated. You commode upon a scope of options in adjoining get rid of stores and boutiques. You an besides glance the Info strada as a service to websites that merchandise that moderately obstacle ornament.
Tongued of options, bulkhead letters interject discrete sizes, emblem, and styles. You crapper settle upon mid vegetation, release, paint and textile. They likewise approach multi-colored, unstained, ended, and past conclude. Their sizes additionally scope from letters that are an progress or figure gangling and they throne be as heavy-set as a measure gigantic. You crapper further intermingle and double letters of unalike colours, sizes, and styles. The buttocks score, it is every able to your desire.
The finest participation on every side exploitation impediment letters in decorating your infant’s latitude is you stool own them tradition finished according to your specifications. You commode transmit the designs you hanker after to provincial shops or on the net stores. You throne too expect them to be in inventory flag or you throne accept them multi-colored with the determined shadiness that you hanker after on your infant. You dismiss too obtain the letters adorned with improver conversation pieces identical ribbons, shine, and lilliputian ornaments. Solely station, you pot change them so you container join many persona into your toddler’s margin.
In divider letters to adorn the unusual allowance championing your new allows you to tot up celebrity into it and enables you to excellent state your communication to your fresh newborn. You potty without a hitch seal the letters onto the walls to throw back a song, bring up or your acutely be in possession of in person news. You commode additionally substitution them readily past causation cost to your walls. The excellent piece is, these letters are very much low-cost to the present time they throne be exceedingly smart.
Added Tidings:
Fashion lp stickers stool erect your passenger car or laptop solitary and count up physical kind. Ep pane stickers dismiss be constant or not fixed and teamwork a skilful call for a your cog. They are as well as large gifts. Scrutinize it in the present day.Bringing old houses to life
We paint the exterior
Guaranteed Results on Paint Job
Our painting jobs are guaranteed to last. We take no shortcuts in our preparation or painting, leaving only a trail of beautiful paint behind.
Full Qualifications and Insurance
Our services are licensed. Red and Black Painting have all insurances and licenses needed. BSA license, public liability insurance and machine license such as scissor lift for high access.
Only use Quality Acrylic Paint
We only use the highest quality paint which last for more than 15 years. Ask us for any particular brand you want.We've picked out the best online casinos where you can play slots for real money. Each site has been hand picked by our readers as the best sites for slot.!
Ahh the good old days. Search Our Casino Database. Secrets of a Geisha. Whether you play on an iPhone or Android, mobile gambling apps offer top graphics, smooth software and best of all, you can play everywhere. A Night With Cleo. What game do you want to play most? Take a look through our games including blackjack, roulette, video poker, baccarat, craps and much more.
Online slots real money www online casino Video£600 vs Cleopatra Mega Progressive Jackpot Online Slots Real Money Play Mr Green Online Casino
0 Gedanken zu „Online slots real money www online casino“According to the report by MarketingSherpa 61% B2B marketing sends all its leads directly not rated sales department and usually only 27% of them will be qualified leads. If you do not want this to happen, we must make a good strategy sorting leads to find out if you can actually convert into leads or not. To do this we must speak the scoring lead.
The lead scoring is a methodology that will allow us to identify which leads are ready to buy and what not. This method allows sorting leads giving them a score taking into account the behavior and user activity during web browsing.
Advantages of Lead Scoring
The main advantage of this technique is the increased efficiency of sales because we can focus on those leads that really demand our attention and effort and avoid downtime in those leads that are not ready yet to make a purchase.
The lead scoring increases confidence, morale and productivity of the sales department
Another advantage will launch more effective messages through concrete actions for specific user groups.
And reduce purchasing cycles users.
Classifying Leads
When qualifying each lead we will consider two dimensions:
Lead Scoring Explicit. Is information that the user has shared with us directly through a form, registration, telemarketing call. For example: an address, email, full name … Some of the factors involved in this rating are:
- Demographic Factor. What user data we get? What will value more? This section will seek to obtain data through the leads as age, education, work … The more features have like our Person Buyer, more value is given.
- Filmographic Factor. Information such as company name, location, income, industry … This factor will be use in the event that our business is B2B.
- BANT model. Model based on the following variables we must answer:
- Budget (Budget) . Can this lead afford this product or service?
- Authority (Authority) . Has this lead the authority to buy the product or service?
- Need (Need) . There are a need that your product or service can HELP YOU?
- Time (Time) . When you are ready to buy?
Related articles: Working Without Heads By Holacracy
Lead Scoring Implicit. It is based on the behavior of each lead. It measures the number of times a user interacts with the company: open rate, click interaction in social networks or the residence time is on the website to know their level of interest. For example: visits to a page, open rate of emails, clicks on certain sites, interaction in different profiles of social networks, etc. Each of the shares must have a score. Not the same open an informative email that an offer.
When building an implied rating is evaluated, it is necessary to consider at least three types of data.
- Moment of interaction: the moment when an interaction is done has consequences in connection with the prospect during the monitoring process. For example, if a visitor downloads a document and further observes an online demo on our website, these signals indicate an opportunity to make contact with the lead.
- Basic activity level: consists of assigning a rating if a certain number of shares are observed in a defined time period. It is one of the most important indicators of the process.
- Activity on the website: the most common mistake is to try to measure and know everything that the prospect done on the website. Just concentrate on one or two high-value content.
Once we have identified these dimensions must assign point values to each. The most common is to assess on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 being the contact has more similarity to our ideal customer.
Related articles: Influencers Are An Effective Way Used By Brands To Reach Consumers
Then we determine which score of each lead.
There are many ways to segment the database, but if you have a large list of contacts is important to assess introduce some automated tool to help you know what the users, with varying degrees of anonymity how Marketo, Hubspot, Pardot or Eloqua.
System performance Lead Scoring
- We should note that the score of each lead will change, increasing or decreasing over time, as the potential client go touring the process.
- Once we have segmented our lead, we must address them with different messages and actions depending on the score you have. Our goal will be to personalize the communication and actions for each of them. Making progress in the sales funnel.
The process you follow to rate and monitor your leads naturally will indicate the next steps. Ultimately, develop your own scoring method and apply it effectively and intelligently, will help you understand the behavior of each user and increase sales opportunities.Kylar walked down the hill in Beorg the trees casting extra shadows across the ground the stud was in a rather good mood as he trotted into a forest now going through extra extra dark shadows cast across the blue roan blanket Appaloosa stallions back. His piercing attached to his sheath with a metal chain around his neck. It wasn't as much pain as it was pleasure something he loved equally.
The forest grew darker as the sun went down and was setting. It would be dark soon so the stud knew he had to find a place to sleep for a bit knowing it would be worse to end up staying awake all day and night.
He had to stand guard for his clan, his duty was to stand guard at all time so he would have to sleep soon his shift started at dawn. As he laid down to sleep the appy stud caught scent of two horses, both seeming to be male. Sighing he got up and began following it. His clans leader asking him to check it out, like the good guy he was he stupidly agreed.
Sighing he began walking back toward the scent his ears perked forward as he saw two studs grazing together. One was a Bay Pangare Blanket Appaloosa the other standing like a mare looked like a Bay Varnish Appaloosa Overo. Both just as handsome as the next.
Upon seeing him coming their way they stopped talking and began walking his way. "Oh hello there, I'm Kareem, this is Samuelson." The mare looking one said. Kylar dipped his head politely, looking over the two new faces a slight smile on his lips. "I'm Kylar, nice to meet you both." He replied. The blue roan blanket Appaloosa noticed Samuelson looking at his piercing curiously and smirked but said nothing, he was going to make him be brave enough to ask.
"So what are you too up to on rover territory?" Kylar asked his tone light but demanding they answer his question. "Oh sorry, we didn't realize, we were just exploring, we bumped into each other on the way and decided to stick together. We will take our leave all we ask is if we can stay the night then cross over in the morning?" It was Samuelson who spoke both studs seemed nice enough so Kylar sighed. "If you stick with me I can show you around for a bit. Then maybe you both can join my herd if you choose it." He offered. Both stallions looked at each other then shrugged looking back at him. "Yes please show us around, then when it's done we'll tell you our choices." Kareem said for the both of them.
After that all three studs laid down the two close together for warmth, Kylar lid a few feet away so he could keep a better eye on them. He may be nice bit he wasn't stupid he knew how well some horses could act, after all when the king of his old homeland came around he parents pretended to care about him and they did it perfectly the king never knew the truth, he still didn't know because as soon as Kylar turned two he ran for it.
Kylar had woke up long before the two studs and had talked to Ryder so he was excused until the intruders were gone. Now the Appaloosa stud stood nearby waiting for the pair to wake up so they could do their exploring and leave or join his herd. Which ever one they chose. He hoped for the latter sense he didn't currently have any herd members soon that would change even if he had to keep trying.
The first to wake was the bay, he stretched as he got to his hooves. "Morning Kylar, how long have you been up?" He asked. Kylar looked at the stallion before shaking his mane out his chains chinking as he did. "Morning, Samuelson. Hours, I rise with the sun." He replied smiling in a friendly manner. Samuelson was busy watching his chain sway under his stomach. "May I ask why you have it?" Samuelson asked looking at Kylar's face. Kylar chuckled he knew eventually the stud would ask. His attention was caught by Kareem coming over to join them yawning.
"I got it as a foal my parents thought it was cool. Now I'm used to it." Kylar explained shrugging, of course he didn't tell them the whole story about how his parents did it to use it as a tool to yank him around by. Luckily the two studs let it go. "Where should we head?" Kareem asked looking at Samuelson before looking at Kylar questioningly. Samuelson looked at Kylar too for answers. "Let's head into the forest, I'm not sure what all there is to see I've only been in the herd for a few months so it'll be new for me too, you guys lead the way I'll take up the rear." Kylar said smiling at them.
They nodded and began walking towards the treeline Kylar right behind them, secretly checking out their backsides with a smirk on his lips. As the vented into the forest the sounds of birds chirping could be heard all around them it was a rather warm day and it instantly put the blue roan in a good mood.
As the walked around the hidden island there were many hills and rocky ledges to master and by the time they had ended up where they began the sun had dropped well below the horizon so each stallion laid down for yet another night then in the morning Kylar would be able to get their answers. He hoped they agreed to join him, he had gotten to know them quite a bit on the exploration, it was nice being around another pair of such nice horses sense the only horses around here were more on the aggressive side. Though none were evil they took care of each other and respected each other that was why Kylar loved it. He knew he belonged here, his love of pain and giving pain had him fitting in for the most part even if some thought he was too nice, he didn't care he would protect anyone with his life like how his parents should have protected him. He wouldn't let anyone feel what he had felt all his young life.Item # YAK0115
Yakima MegaWarrior Extension $139.00.
View more Roof Rack Parts & Accessories
Reviews & Community
REVIEWS
Yakima Megawarrior Basket extension
- Familiarity: I've used it several times
I recently purchased a megawarrior basket for my 4runner but i wanted it to extend across the whole roof. With the extension, this rack completely covers my whole roof. I don't like how the threaded inserts are plastic, I had to drill a couple out due to being stripped and ran a long bolt through with a nut..Long before Clint and I found out the gender of our little one, I knew I wanted to have one of those cute gender reveal parties. So, about a month before our big appointment, I contacted my friend Ashley at Snowbird Designs to get her help in creating the perfect party. It turned out great!
Clint and I actually found out two weeks earlier than we thought we were going to find out, but kept it a secret (from most) until the big party. I was about 18 weeks and got that nervous feeling...you know...not showing that much, not sick anymore, not able to feel the baby yet nervous feeling. So, we randomly decided to make an appointment at Stork Vision in Amarillo to go get a glimpse of our baby. That was a great experience. We were able to take our parents and spent about 20 minutes in awe of the little one. When the sonogram tech went to find the gender, we kicked our parents out of the room so it would just be Clint and me. Immediately when they were out of the room, the lady said...I already know what it is. We were stunned...being only our 2nd sonogram we were still unsure of what we were looking at at times. I'll never forget when she said, "it's a little boy." I thought the tears were flowing before...now they REALLY were! Clint was ecstatic. He would have been happy either way, but I think deep down every guy wants a boy right? So, away we went with secret in hand for two weeks! LONGEST two weeks ever!
When the guests arrived we asked them to make a name suggestion for baby Burns (even though we were pretty set on a name). Some were serious, some were funny.
We had lots of blue treats and lots of pink treats.
Then the big reveal. My grandma was there and we let her cut the cake. It was so fun watching her get so excited! It's a BOY!
We had such a fun time revealing the gender of our little guy. We're so blessed to have so many family and friends already care about sweet one. Clint, of course, teared up during the party when he addressed all the guests so that of course, made me tear up! We'll be basket cases come delivery. I made cake balls as party favors and we called it a night.
Here's a look at 25 weeks. I'll be 26 on Wednesday. Time is flying!!!
Preparations for Hurricane Irma
4 months ago
3 comments:
1) So glad you are blogging again!!
2) What a fun party. I can't believe you had to keep the gender a secret for 2 weeks. That would have been so hard for me!
3) You look gorgeous!!!
You are looking so cute! The party looked like a blast! Thanks again for letting me help you with it!
I'm so glad you're blogging! Keep it up!Main automotive advances of the twenties included four-wheel brakes, safety glass for home windows, and pneumatic air-stuffed tires – to say only a few. Eighty years later it is simple to take for granted the most important advances that happened in automobile engineering in the course of the 1920’s, as these at the moment are on a regular basis options on in the present day’s vehicles. However, many modern day automotive producers are revisiting and implementing design and engineering options that have been first invented and used on 1920’s cars – hybrid petrol-electric engine systems are just one instance!
It did not take long for the Dodge Neon to change into the epitome of American throw-away automobiles. In reality, the Neon was a properly good track car, and when Dodge bolted a turbo to its 2.four-litre engine in 2003, it grew to become correctly fast as well. Initially provided with 215bhp, energy rose to 230bhp for 2004 and 2005 – enough to shuffle this throw away automotive to a thirteen.9 second quarter-mile time. For the record, that is B6 Audi S4 territory, and enough to dog an E46 M3 properly previous 100mph.
Louis Chevrolet raced vehicles in the early 1900s, so it’s no surprise that so many automobiles that carry his identify have been featured in car chases. It has been rumored that William Durant, the founding father of Normal Motors, discovered inspiration for the Chevy grille design while on vacation in France. There’s some reality to this rumor as a result of the bow tie design resembles the fleur de lis. Hundreds of Chargers have been featured in films, however with the 1969 Charger featured in Drive Angry being the identical make and model because the General Lee, I believed it greatest to leave it off the checklist. I hope you found this attention-grabbing and fulfilling.
Redeemable Reward Factors: Increasingly more banks are also providing this function on primarily checking accounts. Money in on reward factors that may be redeemed into money dollars. In case you have a Citibank Debit Checking Account for instance, you are incomes points every time you employ your debit card. For every eight,000 points you keep, you’ll be able to redeem those factors for a $50 dollar check upon request. Enter your request on-line at and in two weeks you can obtain a verify within the mail. Its just that easy!
It has one of the biggest engine of any automobiles listed on the affordable quick vehicles of 2015, 2015 Dodge Challenger has a 5.7 L eight cylinder fuel engine together with its 275 horsepower and 410 pound ft of torque. Take a look at all that engine and verify the price, this automobile is properly more than worth that sort of worth; however some might suppose it’s perfectly understandable as a result of this automotive eats gas like a vacuum cleaner; 15 mpg metropolis and 23 mpg freeway.Learn how to say St Bernard correctly in English with this tutorial pronunciation video.
Oxford dictionary definition of the word Bernard, St:
(circa 996-circa 1081), French monk who founded two hospices for travellers in the Alps. The St Bernard passes, where the hospices were situated, and St Bernard dogs are named after him. Feast day, 28 May.Most popular
Read more
Read more
Read more
Stromberg single barrel carburetor
Dual four barrels are a popular choice for many modern hot rod engines.
Original Quadrajets are stamped with this logo on the side of the carb housing.
The other lead goes onto any ground - an exposed body bolt, the negative terminal of the battery, etc.
No matter what engine youre using in your hot rod and no matter what kind of intake manifold or air volumes required, theres a carburetor to suit your needs and budget.Sometimes you can even score a complete engine on the cheap, like this 1960s vintage Ford Challenger V-8.Add to Wishlist.95 Kit Add to Wishlist Ford Pickup Truck Throttle Arm Ball Stud Set - 4 Studs With Various Thread Sizes Part # Fits: ford Alt 9518-ADP Carburetor Insulator Spacer - 3 Bolt Hole - Holley Ford 94 Part # Fits: ford Ford Pickup.YH, detroit Lubricator, ford / Autolite / Motorcraft, holley.By the 1950s, they had made their own intake manifolds designed to accept multiple carbs.Now, follow the instructions on the timing light or in your car manual (for me, thailänderin kennenlernen kostenlos surround spark plug wire #1 with an inductive grip, and connect power leads to the battery).However, advances in engine technology, especially higher compression ratios and better quality fuel, required fuel delivery methods that went beyond small diameter two-barrel carburetors.The discharge nozzle spring has a variable adjustment which, when tailored to maintain 4 psi, results in a balanced pressure condition of 4 psi in chamber C of the discharge nozzle assembly and 4 psi in chamber.Cars that stall or race when warm may need the warm idle speed adjusted, while cars that stall or race when cold may need the cold idle speed adjusted.If you have a slant six, the distributors down there, and its a bit hard to reach the vacuum hose.).However, while the flow of fluid is constant, at each point along the path it has its own unique static pressure and dynamic pressure, allowing it to flow.At idle, the throttle plate is almost fully closed.
Mechanical linkages use a rod to open the second set of throttle plates, and carbs equipped with them are often referred to as double pumpers, since theyve got two accelerators.
Fits:, fORD, alt 67-9510-A, holley Street Warrior 600CFM Universal Carburetor Part # Fits: chevrolet 1948-79 Ford Pickup Holley Street Warrior 600CFM Universal Carburetor Part # Fits: ford.99 ea.
The merits of fuel injection are well known, but for the purpose of this article, were going to take a more traditional approach, focusing on carburetors for your hot rod whats available and how the right carb can make your car run at its very.Along with vacuum and metering rods that lift up as more throttle is applied, the flow of fuel from the jets in the secondaries is controlled in relation to the position of the valves.Many enthusiasts overlook the float as a potential fuel delivery issue.In this type carburetor, metering is accomplished on a mass airflow basis.Compare the difference in venturi size between the Q-Jet, right, and an Edelbrock/Weber aftermarket four-barrel carburetor, left.By David Zatz, organizational development consultant and publisher.Strombergs eventually became so plentiful that they were the primary choice for a young group of speed merchants called hot rodders, who had a serious jones for going faster but not much money.Adjusting the valves is a crucial part in tuning a carbureted engine, since valve lift affects timing and combustion.If theyre too small, they arent able to properly mix the air/fuel before it enters the venturi.However, British engineer Fredrick Lanchester took the Marcus concept and refined it, adding wicks that ran into the reservoir from a compartment above.The design and configuration of the intake are crucial to air flow, so you need to choose a carb thats designed for high flow operation and top end power.
The routine carburetor rebuild is cleaning, fresh fellbach singles gaskets and seals, and setting the adjustments on the bench.
On cars with two-barrel carburetors, there are two idle mixture screws.
[L_RANDNUM-10-999]You can see 7 LA company location on Google Map as well as getting the direction from your place to this business in the following:
We found no photo for 7 LA business. Add an image for this company.
7 LA is a company that is located in 109 York St, Launceston, Tasmania 7250, Australia. You can contact the company via this phone number: (03) 6331 4844. This business is categoried in radio station - am / fm, radio station - am / fm.
We found no specific operation hours have been set for 7 LA.
Default business operation hours:
There are no specific payment options have been added for 7 LA.
All payment options can be added:
You can add up to 7 links to Additional Information.
Are you a 7 LA business owner or working / acting on behalf of the company?
You can add more detail and tell your potential customer about 7 LA by adding links to additional information about company's products / services detail, brochure, menu catalogue, social media page like Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube video etc.
It is simple and easy.
As a customer of 7 LA, you can share your first-hand experience and opinions about the company's products, services and offers. Your rating and review will become a very useful information for other users.Thanksgiving Table Decoration – Some Beautiful Ideas
Let’s talk about Thanksgiving table decoration, shall we? When I moved to America and learned about Thanksgiving, it instantly became one of my favorite holidays. Why? Because it is all about eating, drinking, and sharing with a LOT of family and friends, my favorite activities in the world. Any excuse to eat and drink is welcome in my Holiday world.
I host Thanksgiving every year. I call it the “orphans” Thanksgiving because we invite friends with no family in LA. George roasts a pig out in the garden, and he cooks the turkey in the oven. We tried doing fried turkey a couple of years ago, but, with small children running around, I get scared about doing that again. He also does the gravy, cranberry sauce, and other food items. As for me, well, even though I love eating, I don’t care a lot for cooking, but it doesn’t matter because my big contribution is decoration (my husband rolls his eyes at this)! The Thanksgiving table decoration is my thing! I love this aspect of Thanksgiving so much that I had to do the 2015 Thanksgiving table decoration dry run this last weekend, and I wanted to share it with you, but, before we move on, here is a picture of our Thanksgiving table last year. I posted it to my Instagram account:
This year, I knew I wanted to use black tablecloth because it is unusual and colors really show on a black background. I bought these tablecloths. Then, on my search for decorations, I came across this candleholder and table runner, all from the Nate’s Berkus Target collection.
I also wanted orange candles and I found just the right ones at Pier One. For the garland on the middle of the table, I wanted to use branches from olive and rosemary trees, because I have those trees in my backyard (free) and they are beautiful. Last year, I used branches from my magnolia tree on our front yard. They looked really good too, but you can’t use the same green decorations two years in a row, can you? In choosing branches for the garland, I have found that a lot of greeneries will work. You can be very creative about your choice. Finally, to add some extra color, I decided to include tangerines for an orange color touch that went together with the candles. Here is the first the result.
Something is missing, right? Also, I didn’t know which color to use for the napkins. Initially, I wanted a color napkin (orange or gold maybe?), thinking that the black tablecloth was enough black for the table. I also bought these turkey napkin holders, and I tried them out. Take a look.
After this experiment I realized I DEFINITLEY needed black napkins. No other color would do, so I run to Target to get them. I got the last ones in the store, lucky me. I also decided to use gold decoration plates at the bottom of the plates, like last year; I added pumpkins and persimmons to the garland, a small flower arrangement, and here is the result:
Much better, don’t you think?
It would be better with gold silverware, I know, but I don’t have a set and I don’t want to spend money on it, plus, I have this gorgeous, silver silverware that my mom gave me and I want to put it to good use.
About the flower arrangement, I tried adding purple flowers to introduce another color to the scheme, but it didn’t work. Keeping the table with an orange color theme seemed to be the best, don’t you agree?
Now, for the actual Thanksgiving day, I will add tea candles and set up the table for 14 people. I am truly excited!
What are you doing to decorate your table? I would love to know. I would also love to hear about any amazing dishes you are going to prepare.
Here are more pictures of the final Thanksgiving table decoration. Hope you like them.
PS: This post was a lot of work! and my husband wasn’t here this weekend, so you can imagine how much I would appreciate some kind of encouragement. Ha!Planning
My action plan for creating my website was after researching different websites to see the design layout of the page (for example, Grid, Masonry, Metro and Column) and then use these examples to influence the creation of my own template for a layout for my website.
I first researched some websites to inspire a design I could use when creating my own, I googled ‘Interesting Websites’ and found many different layout ideas that were out of the ordinary to a ‘typical’ website. I thought these websites would best influence the creation of my own website as the interesting and modern layout kept the site looking interesting and exciting. I found a few examples such as these sources:
After researching, I then created basic design templates for a layout for my website which was just a basic example of what we could create and then later adapt to our personal liking. These examples being (Grid, Masonry, Metro and Column) we then added stock images to these places and basic text to give us an example of what our website could look like. I found stock images on this website:
I used this website as it was simple and easy to use and held many professional photographs which were very Instagram/Tumblr-esque which could easily be found by typing in the image wanted and finding a range to suit the style and theme.
I have managed my time quite well, making sure that in the sessions I had for creating my website, doing research, creating the templates and etc, I managed to get everything I needed to do finished. However, something that constrained my work is that I missed out on a session of creating my website (15/02/16) Which means I will need to find out what I need to do and catch up with this. However, we are still not finished completely which will give me time to catch up with my website planning. I plan to make sure I don’t miss any other sessions so I can catch up and if needed, I will stay behind to finish what needs to be done.
I believe that when planning my research and production of my website, I could have researched better by doing research for my website throughout the production which would maximize the effectiveness of the final product as I would be able to find information on how websites use different formats for different purposes and adapt that into my own creation for a desired purpose. I also believe I could have branched out and used a quirkier and more exciting format for a more modernized and ‘out of the norm’ website which would be more enticing for people to visit.
Research
Before designing my website, I researched different formats and layouts of websites so that I could know how profession websites use different formats depending on their purposes and how the theme and look of this website can entice their audience into visiting. To do this, I googled ‘interesting websites’ and found a few of the following sources, these formats are all different because of the content the website contains and gives good examples of what I could do when creating my own website. As stated beforehand, I believe my research could have been more affecti
I then used my findings to influence how I will design my website to look, the different formats I found on the websites that I researched used complex and creative ways to display the content on the page which influenced me to want to do the same. I believed the research I did was enough to allow me to create my website effectively. I believe the only extra research I could have done was research how different popular social media websites display their content and how the display makes it easy to use and also exciting and creative enticing people to use it. For example, Tumblr (which uses a masonry layout which a very popular choice for websites that want to show many photos) is popular for it’s choices in layout as the website is based around photos.
I didn’t do any research during the production of my website which I believe I should have done as this method would have been more effective in the creation of my website as I would have had a better idea of layouts and what to include when creating my website to make it more appealing to an audience that may find it interesting as it is out of the norm of a ‘regular’ website page.
The Product
I believe my website is fit for purpose as it is designed for accurate usage while taking into consideration it’s colour (as this will appeal and attract a certain audience to a website) For example, if a website is aimed towards a girl, it would use softer colours such as pink as this stereotypically appeals to girls more than it would boys attracting the target audience. I also took into consideration the text clarity and if this was clear enough to understand and provide information on the website. The information placement was also an important factor as it had to be clear and simple enough to find without the page looking plain, unattractive or messy.
I believe that the layout I had for my website was visually appealing and easy to understand. I also took into consideration the technical side of my website. Such as the buttons and links which meant hovering over an image or word would link to a page or light up in a way which complimented the websites theme. I also thought about the slideshow and believe I could have improved the technicality of my webpage by adding
I learnt how to make a simple website by using different layout designs and learning about these popular choices. I then learnt about how to structure a website and add technical parts to my website such as hyperlinks and roll-over affects.
I believe my website would appeal to it’s target audience as the theme of my website is in a format and design that would appeal to the age group and interests of my target audience. Also, the layout isn’t like a usual website making it more visually appealing and exciting.
I didn’t do any audience research before I created my website and I believe that if I did so, I would have a better understanding of what to add to my own website to appeal to others along the technical and appearance side of my website such as colour schemes and hyperlinks to various pages along with additional information which could be adapted or improved on.
I haven’t received any audience feedback as I currently haven’t finished my final product yet.
I haven’t yet received any feedback from an industry practitioner as I currently haven’t finished my final product yet.
I believe my product sticks to the rules of media law and ethical guidelines as it does not give out personal information on myself or anyone else and does not contain harsh graphics, language or something unsuitable for under 18’s which would be part of my target audience.
Conclusion
How would you improve:
Planning – I would improve this by attended all my lessons to learn the technical side to producing my website so I can create my work to it’s highest potential. By doing this I would have had a better understanding of the types of websites I could create.
Research – To improve my overall website production, by doing research throughout the creation of my website I would have raised the quality of my website layout and technical side to the creation of my website.
Product – I believe I could adapted the style and theme of my website to suit a larger audience. On the technical side, I believe that I could have added more hyperlinks to each of my pages to make it more interesting and exciting while also having other videos on various pages.Add
URL to Resources Directory
Reach
Weight Loss Surgery Candidates
Add URL
To add your
website to our Resources Directory:
(1) Please
add a return link to us, using the following details:
Our Title
Bariatric Surgery Information
Our Description
Articles about weight loss surgeries like gastric bypass and gastric banding.
Our URL
(2) Once your return link is up,
please useMicrosoft Office Tutorials and References
In Depth Information
Using the ActiveChart Property
Charts are great for visually summarizing data, but if you’re constrained to displaying a chart
within a relatively small area and don’t have the room to include a legend or other
information, you can use message boxes to display information about the chart that’s selected. The
following macro might be attached to a command button on a worksheet offering help to the
user on the information in the active chart.
Sub ChartHelp()
ChartChosen = ActiveChart.Name
Select Case ChartChosen
Case "": Exit Sub
Case "Sheet1 Chart 1": MsgBox "This chart shows the sales for 2000-2004."
Case "Sheet1 Chart 2": MsgBox "This chart shows the profits for 2000-2004."
End Select
End Sub
For more information on creating and manipulating charts in VBA, see Chapter 15, “Charts.”
Displaying Drawing Objects
Workbooks are full of data and, regardless of how well you structure the data, it might not
always be easy to follow what’s going on. Adding drawing objects, such as text boxes and
arrows, lets you call out special features of your worksheets and provide helpful information
to your users. If you use drawing objects to provide that sort of information, you also have
the option to hide or display the objects at will by using the DisplayDrawingObjects method.
The following code assumes you have a series of drawing objects that might obscure your
data if left on the worksheet, but would help explain what’s going on if the user could turn
them on and off as desired. Figure 7-3 shows the message box produced by the procedure:
clicking OK hides the drawing objects, whereas clicking Cancel leaves the objects visible.
Public Sub ShowObjects()
ThisWorkbook.DisplayDrawingObjects = xlDisplayShapes
Answer = MsgBox(Prompt:="Click OK to hide the drawing _
objects.", Buttons:=vbOKCancel + vbQuestion)
If Answer = vbCancel Then
Exit Sub
Else
ThisWorkbook.DisplayDrawingObjects = xlHide
End If
End Sub
Search JabSto ::
Custom SearchEurope Agricultural Surfactants Market By Type (Anionic, Non-ionic, Cationic, And Amphoteric), By Stakeholders (Farmers, Producers And Manufacturers), By Application (Fungicides, Insecticides, Herbicides And Others), By Substrate Type (Synthetic And Bio-based), By Fertilizer Type (Nitrogenous, Potassium, & Phosphate) And By Region - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, And Forecasts (2016–2021)
- Advertising -
Europe Agricultural Surfactants Market was worth USD 270 million in 2016 and estimated to be growing at a CAGR of 7.3%, to reach USD 380 million by 2021. Agricultural Surfactants are chemicals which enhance or support the action of pesticides such as insecticides, herbicides and fungicides.
The market is expected to have high growth in the next half of decade since the demand for agricultural chemicals in on rise because of increased food demand as a result of population rise.
Browse Full Report at-…ants-market-3003/
Agricultural Surfactants enhance the activity of pesticides by altering the properties of pesticides like its ability to spread, penetrate the target, increase or decrease the droplet size and others.
- Advertising -
Report:-…03/request-sample.
Report:-…rket-3003/inquire
Market Segmentation
Type
- Anionic
- Cationic
- Non-Anionic
- Others
- Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Type
- Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Type
- Market Share Analysis, By Type
Stakeholders
- Farmers
- Producers and Manufacturers
- Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Stakeholders
- Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Stakeholders
- Market Share Analysis, By Stakeholders
Application
- Fungicides
- Insecticides
- Herbicides
- Others
- Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Application
- Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Application
- Market Share Analysis, By Application
Fertiliser Type
- Nitrogenous
- Potassium
- Phosphate
- Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Fertiliser Type
- Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Fertiliser Type
- Market Share Analysis, By Fertiliser Type
Substrate Type
- Synthetic
- Bio-based
- Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Substrate Type
- Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Substrate Type
- Market Share Analysis, By Substrate Type
Europe Agricultural Surfactants Market can be broadly divided into Germany, U.K, France, Spain, and Italy. Europe has the second largest share in this market.
Factors such as high rate of adoption of new technologies so that the productivity of farm operations can be improved and costs can be cut down is expected to drive this industry’s growth in the region.
Some of the major competitors dominating the Europe Agricultural Surfactants market are Evonik Industries AG (Germany), Akzonobel N.V. (The Netherlands), The Dow Chemical Company (U.S.), BASF SE (Germany) and Solvay S.A (Belgium):A bike belonging to a CEO has been returned to its owner after it was stolen from a Southgate car park yesterday.
Staff at Linn Systems Ltd said the bike was found for sale on an internet site shortly after it vanished from outside City Gates House.
CEO Fjodor Dzjuba said his wife pretended to be a buyer in order to draw out the people selling on the stolen bike and arranged a meeting, conducted by Mr Dzjuba and his sister.
He said: “It was quite an operation. We turned up and saw two teenagers who had my bike and confronted them. They denied it. We called the police and they legged it.”
Police then were able to recover the bike and give it back to its rightful owner this afternoon.
The company, which shares a building with the Observer, said they were grateful for the help and that CCTV would be installed in the car.Brazil 2014 Football Worldcup flags
in Logos | Sports | Signs & Symbols | Templates & Mockups
This Set contains vector scalable graphics with Brazil 2014 World cup teams in a football. Great for Score Boards, fixtures and any worldcup promotion.
Buy this commercial license for $5 or subscribe to get hundreds of graphics for $9,99/MO. CHECK OUR PLANS
brazil 2014 flags football countries teams russia portugal nigeria netherlands mexico japan ivory coast italy south korea spain results tv board score fixture united states uruguay switzerland iran honduras greece brazil belgium australia argentina algeria ball soccer cameroon chile ghana germany france england ecuador croatia costa rica colombia vector open stock soccer ball united kingdom bosnia-herzegovina + moreHello, I read up the FAQ section in AXIS website and could someone explain this reply I saw: "There is also an emulation feature that let you try out applications for Bluetooth without any BT hardware at all." How do I actually go about doing it? Thanx. Rgds, Garion - To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe bluetooth-dev" in the body of a message to majordomo@xxxxxxx.com Apartments Vassilikos Apartment Sea View Village**** Popular destination Plakias Chersonissos Ixia Skala Kalloni Petra Votsalakia / Kambos Kos-city and surroundings Rethymnon Kefalonia Kalithea Popular destination Laganas Aghios Sostis Argassi Zakynthos Keri Lake / Limni Keri Agia Marina Kalamaki Lithakia Lagopodo Tsilivi Popular in Vassilikos Apartments in Vassilikos Hotels in Vassilikos Attractions in Vassilikos Apartments Zakynthos Apartments Greece Info Apartment Sea View Village **** Reviews Photos & videos Tips Question and Answer Weather Apartment info Map 8.9 0 American reviews 145 international reviews Address details and information about amenities The following information is provided by our visitors and gives an indication of the presence of facilities at this accommodation. Is the information wrong or incomplete? Please let us know by clicking the "Edit"-button below. Edit 9° / 16° 16 Jan 2018 Weather Number 1 of 17 apartement in Vassilikos Find the best deals Most visitors found the best deal for Apartment Sea View Village**** with: 1 Booking.com Check price tip More suppliers Collapse Address details Street and house number Xirokastello Vassilikos Zip code GR-29100 E-mail address Website Sea View Village Phone number +30 2695035178 Star count Location Show on map General information Facilities for disabled Yes Pets allowed No ATM nearby No Number of rooms in holiday house more than 5 Catering Half pension Amount of people more than 12 Sea View Village**** Add review Add photos Add videos Add new accommodation Add attraction Add acco informationSgt. Gass, October 10, 1804 - Their [Arikara natives] tobacco is different from any I had before seen: it answers for smoking, but not for chewing.
Capt. Lewis, Winter 1804 - N° 105. seed of the Larger species of recarre (ed. - Arikara) tobacco pre[se]nted us by Lepoy an Indian chief of that nation commanding the middle town.
Capt. Lewis, Winter 1804 - N°. 106 is the corrollars of the same prepared for smoking. they are plucked and dryed in the shade.
Capt. Lewis, Winter 1804 - N°. 107 is the seed of the smaller species (ed. – probably Nicotiana rustica).
The recarres (ed. - Arikaras) cultivate two species of tobacco for the purpose of smoking in which way they use it altogether as they neither snuff nor chew.
The Larger species (see specimine plants N° 108) rises to the hight of three feet it's round green and succulent much branched when suffered to grow singly. in that situation larger of which are attatched to the lower part of the stalk, one inch wide in the broadest part & 2 1/2 inches long. the[y] demin[i]s[h] as they are higher on the stalk, tho' they increas in numbers. The Indians cultivate it in the following manner they prepare hills at the distance of about 2 1/2 feet from each other, and leavel the top nearly leaving it somewhat convex. in those hills they sew the seed as early in the spring as the climate will permit them to prepare the earth say latter end of April; they keep the hills corroller dryed for the purpose of smoking and for this purpose leave some plant [s] more widely seperated from each other in which situation they produce a greater abundance of flowers & seed they begin to blume in the month of [blank space in MS.] and continue untill the first frost; during the full blume of the flower they pluck the corroll.
it is worthy of remark that the recares never use sperituous liquors. Mr Tibeau informed me that on a certain occasion he offered one of their considerate men a dram of sperits, telling him it's virtues the other replved that he had been informed of it's effects and did not like to make himself a fool unless he was paid to do so that if Mr T. wished to laugh at him & would give him a knife or breech-coloth or something of that kind he would take a glass but not otherwise.Carer’s Credit is a National Insurance credit for carers of working age. It helps you build up qualifying years for the State Pension while you are not working.
You need to pay National Insurance to qualify for a State Pension. But if you are a carer you might not be working, so you might not be paying National Insurance. Carer’s Credit means you are treated as though you paid National Insurance during the time you were caring.
If you get Carer’s Credit, you do not receive any actual money, but it protects your right to State Pension later in life.Hi everyone,
I like the WebOS browser so far, but there is one thing I'm having problems with. It seems to not be able to handle file transfer dialogs at all. What I mean is, if I click on a download link, it will not be able to download it.
Does anyone else know what I'm talking about and how to fix it? Is there a preware patch that fixes this?
Dr. BatteryAfter you lose the weight on Optifast, you are taught how to reintroduce regular food into your diet while continuing to use the meal replacement products to help with weight maintenance.
HMR Diet Foods - HMR, Health Management ResourcesWelcome to the 3 Fat Chicks on a Diet Weight Loss Community. select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Nutrisystem, Medifast, Jenny.
NutriSystem Shakes Reviews - Meal Replacement ShakesCompare and review weight loss diet programs, including medifast, optifast, nutrisystem, jenny craig, weight watcherse, atkins, south beach, slimfast, and new.
Nutrisystem Jsps Hmr Tracking Click
Nutrisystem Review - DietSpotlightHMR is a meal-replacement weight loss program for those who have large amounts of weight to lose.
Calorie Posting in Chain Restaurants - NBERWe offer two different diet kits, both available in standard and lactose-free.
HMR foods include diet shakes, puddings, soup, entrees, and nutrition bars.Nutrisystem is the weight loss plan that complements even the most hectic of schedules.The Davis Clinic in Houston, was on Big medicine on TLC), is considering using HMR for his patients at his clinic.
Healthy Solutions at Home - HMR Program
Optifast vs medifast - Answers on HealthTapCalorie Posting in Chain Restaurants Bryan Bollinger, Phillip Leslie, Alan Sorensen.With Nutrisystem, you choose foods you want to eat from a menu, and the food is delivered to your door.
However, on the Optifast plan you are only allowed to consume the Optifast products, which include shakes, soups and bars.Comparing Nutrisystem vs Diet may also be of use if you are interested in such closely related search. medifast diet vs nutrisystem and hmr diet vs nutrisystem.Welcome to The Leaf, the official Nutrisystem weight loss blog, filled with diet, nutrition, fitness and lifestyle tips straight from our weight loss experts,.
Jeff Smith Weight Loss Success with HMR and Floyd Memorial Weight Management Center.
But like Optifast, the transition phase is a set six weeks and the maintenance plan is ongoing.Medifast and HMR programs We have two rapid weight loss programs, Medifast and HMR (Health Management Resources).Get the skinny on Jenny Craig pros and cons including food,.Weight Loss According to the Optifast website, weight loss varies, but most people lose more than 50 pounds in 18 to 24 weeks.
HMR Diet Review - Pros and Cons of the HMR Healthy
Nutrisystem vs The South Beach Diet (2017): Battle for TheNutrisystem and Weight Watchers are two weight loss programs that promote a reduced-calorie diet.Buy Nutrisystem Jumpstart Your Weight Loss 5 Day Weight Loss Kit on Amazon.com FREE SHIPPING on qualified orders.Weight loss is your goal, but which diet will help you get there.
Program Basics Both Optifast and Medifast plans are divided into three phases: a weight-loss phase, a transition phase and a maintenance phase.Previous HMR Diet Review (Updated September 10, 2014): What You Should Know.
Nutrisystem WARNING: Do Not Buy Nutrisystem Until You Read This Review.Nutrisystem is more than a diet plan, our program is designed to help you lose weight fast and improve your health.
Join HMR at Home Diet Program - IHMonlineNutrisystem: Reviews and Cost. By Jim F. Jenny Craig vs Nutrisystem.
Nutrisystem Lasagna With Meat Sauce In The Oven. Workers DAR ethiopia twelve services future can headaches weaning solid fresh box nutrisystem vs hmr food just.Get reviews of the Jenny Craig and Nutrisystem diet plans, including a taste test from the unbiased experts at Consumer Reports Health.Another reader recommended we review HMR 500 Shakes. and Nutrisystem,. entrees and would far prefer to eat Healthy Choice or Lean.
Medifast also offers 24-hour web support with an online community and phone support with Medifast nutritionists and customer care.
HMR is a meal-replacement weight loss program for those who have large amounts of.The HMR diet has been used by weight loss clients in medical clinics and hospitals around the country for over 30 years.In. Nutrisystem Diet Meal Delivery.
Nutrisystem Diet Review (UPDATED 2017): Does it Really Work?Nutrisystem and The South Beach Diet are both excellent diet choices, but is one better than the other.
Nutrisystem is loaded with terrible ingredients. PS1000 is our go-to diet when we need to not only lose weight but also to get ourselves healthy.Both Optifast and Medifast are low-calorie diets that help you lose weight quickly with meal replacement supplements.
The Meals During the weight-loss phase of the program, both Optifast and Medifast use meal replacement foods to help you reduce caloric intake to 450 to 800 calories a day.Previous Nutrisystem Review (Updated October 9, 2014): What You Should Know About the Nutrisystem Diet.Medifast and Nutrisystem offer diet programs for weight loss that use a combination of packaged products and fresh foods in their meal plans.
Nutrisystem Vs. Weight Watchers | 2017 Nutrisystem VsOn the Optifast plan, the weight-loss phase of the program lasts 12 weeks and the transition phase six weeks, while the maintenance phase is ongoing.
Sleek Recliner is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for creativity drive another button or prior button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Sleek Recl Sleek Recliner on Facebook, Avenue, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Learn how to say Stick To correctly in English with this tutorial pronunciation video.
Oxford dictionary definition of the word stick:
verb (past and past participle stuck /stʌk/)
1 [with object] (stick something in/into/through) push a sharp or pointed object into or through (something):
he stuck his fork into the sausage
she stuck her finger in his eye
(stick something on) fix something on (a point or pointed object):
stick the balls of wool on knitting needles
[no object] (stick in/into/through) (of a pointed object) be or remain fixed with its point embedded in (something):
there was a slim rod sticking into the ground beside me
stab or pierce with a sharp object:
(as adjective stuck)
he screamed like a stuck pig
2 [with object and adverbial] insert, thrust, or push:
a youth with a cigarette stuck behind one ear
she stuck out her tongue at him
[no object, with adverbial of direction] protrude or extend in a certain direction:
his front teeth stick out
Sue’s hair was sticking up at all angles
[with object and adverbial of place] put somewhere, typically in a quick or careless way:
just stick that sandwich on my desk
informal used to express angry dismissal:
he told them they could stick the job—he didn’t want it anyway
informal cause to incur an expense or loss:
she stuck me for last month’s rent
3 [no object] adhere or cling to something:
the plastic seats stuck to my skin
if you heat the noodles in the microwave, they tend to stick together
[with object and adverbial of place] fasten or cause to adhere to something:
she stuck the stamp on the envelope
informal be or become convincing, established, or regarded as valid:
the authorities couldn’t make the charges stick
the name stuck and Anastasia she remained
(in pontoon and similar card games) decline to add to one’s hand.
4 (be/get stuck) be fixed in a particular position or unable to move or be moved:
Sara tried to open the window but it was stuck
we got stuck in a traffic jam
the cat’s stuck up a tree
[no object] be or become fixed or jammed as a result of an obstruction:
he drove into a bog, where his wheels stuck fast
(be/get stuck) be unable to progress with a task or find the answer or solution to something:
I’m doing the crossword and I’ve got stuck
[no object] remain in a static condition; fail to progress:
he lost a lot of weight but had stuck at 15 stone
[with adverbial of place] (be stuck) informal be or remain in a specified place or situation, typically one perceived as tedious or unpleasant:
I don’t want to be stuck in an office all my life
(be stuck for) be at a loss for or in need of:
I’m not usually stuck for words
(be stuck with) informal be unable to get rid of or escape from:
like it or not, she and Grant were stuck with each other
(be stuck on) informal be infatuated with:
he’s too good for Jenny, even though she’s so stuck on him
5 [often with negative] British informal accept or tolerate (an unpleasant or unwelcome person or situation):
I can’t stick Geoffrey—he’s a real old misery
(stick it out) informal put up with or persevere with something difficult or disagreeable:
I decided to stick it out for another couple of years
stick to
1continue or confine oneself to doing or using (a particular thing):
I’ll stick to bitter lemon, thanks
not move or digress from (a path or a subject):
we stuck close to the paths
let’s stick to the facts
2adhere to (a commitment, belief, or rule):
the government stuck to their election pledgesThe AAU tournament I covered last week was a logistical mess. We managed to televise both games, but it will take some time to sort through everything and spew out the pair of games we televised. Both were close, despite somewhat depleted rosters, but fatigue may have come into play for the Gold Division bracket; the Metro Stars and Minnesota Suns appeared exhausted throughout their championship game.
In the meantime, I pulled a video featuring my only appearance so far on any of the Twin Cities TV stations from the archive vault. A lot has changed since that time, which I suppose should be no coincidence.
Tuesday, August<<Wichita, Kan. (KSN) – Police report that a 24-year-old female wearing a Batman mask was arrested after an attempt to rob a family-owned gas station.
Reports said that the incident happened around 5:30 p.m. near Pawnee and Hydraulic.
The reporting party said that the woman wearing the Batman mask demanded money and a carton of cigarettes. The cashier pulled out a handgun and pointed it at the suspect, causing her to flee the store.
The suspect went outside and got in the Batmobile an automobile with a 23-year-old male suspect. The pair were stopped in the nearby area by police and the two were taken into custody.
Photographs were taken of the suspects and the vehicle was impounded.
Both suspects were booked on three counts of robbery.Blue Mountains National Forest, Oregon (Third Proclamation): By the President of the United States of America, a Proclamation [caption title]; Signed in type at the end by Roosevelt, as President
[Washington, DC: GPO], 1908. Broadside. Folio, with a blank integral leaf. Tipped-in is a large folding map of the park (19 1/4 x 21 1/4 inches). A proclamation by President Roosevelt announcing the enlargement of the reserve to include all the grounds shown on the accompanying map. OCLC records one copy (Oregon). Very good. (#7950). Item #60839
Price: $150.00
See all items in Americana, Presidents
See all items by Theodore RooseveltArticle Text
Abstract
Some 15 years ago, the term autoinflammatory syndrome has been coined to delineate a group of disorders in which patients suffer from recurrent or chronic inflammation without an obvious exogenous trigger. In earlier days, these syndromes were described as periodic or episodic fevers; the most prominent among these are Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), TNF receptor associated periodic syndrome (TRAPS), Hyper-IgD syndrome (HIDS) and Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome (CAPS). Today, some 15 different autoinflammatory disorders have been recognised as autoinflammatory syndromes. Elucidation of the genetic background, using modern genetic techniques, has taught a lot about the inflammatory pathways in many these disorders. Baseline activation of inflammasomes (hetero- and homo-multimeric protein complexes that trigger cytokine activation) appears to play a role in many of these disorders. Among the cytokines that are activated, especially interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) stands out. This is further corroborated by a beneficial effect of therapeutic interventions directed towards IL-1beta, using either recombinant IL-1 receptor antagonist (anakinra), soluble decoy receptor construct (rilonacept) or neutralising monoclonal antibody against IL-1beta. We are now at a stage where it is realised that not all autoinflammatory syndromes respond in the same way to IL-1 blockade, pointing to the complexity of the cytokine network and the role of pro-inflammatory cytokines other than IL-1beta.
Originally, a sharp distinction was made between autoinflammatory syndromes and autoimmune disorders. In the former, autoreactive T- and/or B-lymphocytes, which are a hallmark of autoimmunity, were thought to be absent. By the recognition of syndromes with autoinflammatory and autoimmune traits, this distinction has become less strict. This also implies that not all autoinflammatory syndromes are pure disorders of an overactive innate immune system.
Disclosure of Interest None declared
DOI 10.1136/annrheumdis-2014-eular.63.1.Miniature
I placed a miniature sea star on a lily pad in our pond....
2.Water droplet
3.Colorful
4. Eyes
this is from my archive and is so old.. it's been glued in my photo journal so it's a mess.. but it's my favorite eye shot.
but I also took peacock feathers... as they look like eyes
5. Bed head
my son's hair is too short..to take a bed head shot of him.. and so this wig is so crazy I decided to use this...when he got up....
11 comments:
Love the peacock feather, so pretty.
These are fun pictures, but I'm also enjoying the peacock feather. Your son looks silly in that wig. :)
love the peacock eyes! Bed head is funny!
love the peacock feather, that is a great interpretation!
Gorgeous shots as always - I'm reeeeally loving the lily pads!
:-)
The peacock feather is genius! And your pumpkin picks make me miss fall :( (I live in FL).
Great Shots....the eye is brillant....and the wig too funny!!
I love these shots especially the peacock, so imaginative!
Great shot, love the bedhead and peacock!
What fun your shots are.I like your take on eyes with the peacock feathers
Hey, I loved the pictures. great subject matter and the redhead bedhead is adorable.
RubyEver since Little Grump was a baby, she has had an insatiable curiosity about the world around her. I have a picture of her when she was one or so, standing in the middle of a big wide field, just taking in everything around her. I have another picture when she was three, scooping up flower petals and trying to figure out how they went on the plants.
When we moved to Texas, she alone was unafraid of the numerous amazingly large crawly critters that roamed our house. She patiently picked each one up, carried it outside, and set it free. When she was 12 or so, her teacher gave her a big garden spider, and Little Grump happily brought it home and “showed” it where to live above our front door. A few weeks later, we came home to find the spider dead on the front stoop and being munched on by a hoard of ants. “Cool!” she cried. “Circle of life!”
Last night, she delighted in my discovery of a huge caterpillar. She was so pleased to have seen something so different than anything she had seen before. She was also thrilled when others commented that she was “nuts” to have picked it up.
She got another treat today. One of my Computer Club kids brought in his pet snake. When Little Grump heard about it, she immediately wanted to see it up close and personal. She quickly achieved hero status to the girls in the group because she picked it up and allowed it to wrap itself around her hand!
That’s my kid! I keep telling her that she needs to be an ecologist or zookeeper or something like that. She says, “No… too much math and science.” I hope she changes her mind.
Giving her a big thumbs-up on that snake. I’m not much for the great outdoors, and I am not a pet person (hastening to add that I don’t dislike animals; I just don’t want to be responsible for any), but I was the only girl in my neighborhood who would handle the garter snake the boys caught. Have always liked Shel Silverstein’s “I’m Being Swallowed by a Boa Constrictor”. Great picture!Dual Exhaust Ducts searching results - shop for Dual Exhaust Ducts - TOP deals, coupon codes, promos, and discounts
Shop Now For Sale Dual Exhaust Ducts with Quick Shipping to USA, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, and Worldwide in Feedamail.com Shop. Feedamail.com Has a Combo of Advantages to Users from Finding The Lowest Prices or Best Deals to Save Money on Every Purchase.
Users Can Save All Their Favorite Deals, Brands, Shops, and Popular Searches at Feedamail.com Shop for Convenience and Future Reference. Feedamail.com Online Comparison Store Suggests The Largest Number of Items For Sale. View All Best Promocodes for Dual Exhaust Ducts from Every Store in Feedamail.com Shop.Feedamail.png.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.comThe.The whole thing is absolutely legal and has been approved by John Romero himself.
No Cover Art in database
Why not add some?
No Fan Art in database
Why not add some?
No Banner Art in database
Why not add some?Information
- Phone: (306) 244-6446
- Toll Free:(855) 244-6446
- Visit us online
- info@thejameshotel.ca
Address: View on map 620 Spadina Crescent E
Saskatoon, SK S7K 3T5 Location: The James Hotel, 620 Spadina Cres E, Saskatoon.
Saskatoon, SK S7K 3T5 Location: The James Hotel, 620 Spadina Cres E, Saskatoon.
The perfect place to unwind with friends and admire the beauty of the South Saskatchewan River Valley. Enjoy fine wines, vintage cocktails and European-inspired fare.
Open Year Round
Rates & Hours of Operation
- Debit card accepted
- Major credit cards accepted
On-Site Amenities & Services
- Full wheelchair access
- Eat-in
- Catering service
Facility Type
- Casual dining
- Bar/lounge
Group Tour Information
- Group tour servicesTitle Search Services Florida
The best Title Search Services Florida undoubtedly are offered by Indus Abstract title search services. Earlier title search services were considered more of a luxury that only a select few opted for. But things have changed today. Imagine after all the hard work and perseverance in the pursuit to buy a real estate property for you.
Finally, you’d have bought a house for yourself. One fine day you get a notice that’d say it is a third party’s land and you were summoned to the court to resolve the issue. No one needs such a hassle. It can ruin your peace of mind in many ways. That is where Title search services offered by Indus Abstract Services in Florida will come handy. An effective title search gives peace of mind.
The following are the other benefits:
Saves a Lot of Time and Money
If there is a land dispute that arises later, and you are not covered with title insurance, then it is going to cost you more than you expected to fight it out legally. More than the cost involved, the amount of time and effort one has to make to walk to and fro to the court is by itself a pain process and you definitely do not want to experience it. So a smart move would be to invest money on a proper title search that will help you in the case of any title related issue later.
Guarantees a Seamless Transaction
When we say so, we mean the smoothness it creates in the process without any hurdle. With title insurance in place as a result of a solid title search and a title report prepared extensively, there is not much to worry about. Taking the risk factor off the mind is by itself a big relief for the buyer. At Indus Abstract Services LLC, our Title Search Services Florida are focused on giving you this peace of mind.
Is Worth the Investment in the Long Run
Many people consider the investment made in a title search or the title insurance ultimately as an expensive move. But if you look at the bigger picture, doing an effective title search and investing on title insurance will in many ways help you save a lot of money in the later stage.
Indus Abstract Services takes pride in its effective team of talented professionals who have handled all kinds of cases in the past from various states across the country. We always start with the case in hand, one property at a time, and tailor the title search exclusively for the client. The client-first approach has helped us gain the reputation we have now, and positions us as the successful company offering trusted Title Search Services Florida. Contact us now +1 302-298-3300 or emails us info@ias.us to discuss.How to remove bcedbr.com/scz redirect virus?
If you permanently encounter bcedbr.com/scz pop-ups in your screen then definitely your computer is in a trouble. There is adware enabled in it and causing this particular and many other problems. The mission of bcedbr.com/scz pop-ups is not something genuine. Its function is to hijack your browser and forward it […]This post is named Magasin Mariage. You could download all the image about Magasin Mariage for free. Below are the image gallery of Magasin Mariage, if you want the image or such as this post please contribute with us to talk about this post to your sociable media or save this post in your device.
There are many plenty images of Magasin Mariage. You will find out or you can browse any ofOVERVIEW
Our LED A19 bulbs provide as high efficacy as 810 lumens and longer life than compact flurescent lamps with smooth and exceptional light source. Powered by our excellent LED chips, these bulbs are designed to last 25,000 hours.
SPECIFICATIONS
Wattage: 9W
Replaces: 60W Incandescent
Die Pattern : COB
Finishing : White
Weight : 0.5lb
Dimmable: No
Lifetime：25,000hrs
Please click HERE to read and download specsheet.
This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!Mtlee 130db Personal Security Alarm Keychain, Safety Emergency Alarm with LED Safety and SOS Emergency Alarm Providing Powerful Safety and Property Assurance for Kids, Women, 4 Pieces (Multicolor)
Good helper: 1. In dangerous or emergency situations, the 130 db decibel volume will instantly draw everyone’s attention to effectively prevent attackers from doing evil. 2. Searching and rescuing workers can be easier to find. 3. In outdoor travel adventure accidentally lost or in distress, this alarm helps you get out of the woods and
(as of January 14, 2018 8:56 AM UTC - Details) + Add To Wish List
Volume is perfect as far as I expected. As soon as I received the alarm I tested it. It sounded almost as loud as our car alarm. The noise should fend off an attacker or at a minimum alert others about the danger. I clipped it to my everyday purse and will definitely take it with me on my travels. The Vigilant made me feel safe the moment it arrived. I bought this alarm to take to work – I work at a grocery store and a lot of creepers come around. I get hit on a lot (often by middle-aged men; I’m 22 so…). I’m pretty safe inside the…
they’re good attachments/decoration to bag 4 key chains came in a pack, they’re good attachments/decoration to bag, my Mom, Mom in law, my kid and myself got one for each. The purpose of purchase of it is to precaution to an emergency. I tested mine in an open park, it alarmed aloud. I think it’s aloud enough to frighten or astonish bad guy and may gain some time to escape or bring others’ attention and help. I’ve been hearing something bad happened and people got rescued by this little thing. I hope nobody would had a chance to use it.
I was amazed at how loud this is I was amazed at how loud this is. Great personal alarm device and very inexpensive.I would highly recommend these siren song self defense keychain I bought twice.Customer Service: +31 (0)20 655 88 55
Retail Space Europe 2015 – L'esplanade: The shopping destination for the south of Brussels
Retail Minds
Members of leading associations and companies of the retail industry share their views and take a look at the year ahead.
- Philip Mountford, Hunkemoller: Expanding and adapting to the changing desires of the modern woman
- Michael Fox, Shoes of Prey: Learning from the customer, delivering originality
- Laurent Morel, Klepierre: Staying at the forefront of retail developments
- Andrew Darrow, KidZania: A playful blend of retail and entertainment
- David Lewis, MindLab: Re-thinking retail: subconscious responses to consumer behavior
Industry Trends
Top market analysts highlight the latest trends across the European retail real estate markets.
- Yvonne Court, Cushman & Wakefield: The past, present, and future of retail
- Katie Desir, POPAI: The evolving shopper
- Diana Avram, REP: Apps in retail: meeting the shopper by thinking outside the box
- IKEA Shopping Centres Russia: Long-term commitment to Russia
- Grace Jenkinson, REP: Pop-up shops: Permanently embracing temporary retailing
- Grace Jenkinson, REP: Lighting/LEDs: Lighting for a sustainable future
- Diana Avram, REP: Entertainment in shopping centers: maximizing shopping experience
- Prof. Dr. Filipa Fernandes, SES: Reinventing retail: international expansion strategy as a driver for profitable growth
Factory Outlet Centers
Special Focus - Ecostra GmbH: The continuing growth of outlet centers in Europe
- Magdus: Successful factory outlet centers in Europe
Countries
Includes economic overviews and details on retail investment, shopping centers, high streets and online shopping in 33 European countries.
Who’s Who
Contains detailed company, project and personnel information for major international players in the European retail real estate sector, including investors, developers, asset managers, end-users, and associations.
- Arricano
- Atrium
- Dana Holdings
- EHL Real Estate Group
- INREV
- GRI
- Immofinanz
- Inter IKEA Center Group
- Klepierre
- METRO PROPERTIES
- NEINVER
- Reteam
- RICS
- Sonae Sierra
- TriGranit Development
- TriGranit Management
Index
Lists retail real estate companies active across Europe in the fields of consultancy, development, investment and management.
Listings
-Top 20 outlet centers in Europe
-Top 25 outlet retailers in Europe
-ICSC Shopping Centre Awards
-ICSC Solal Marketing Awards
Pages: 336I didn’t like it. The main character annoyed me. I might have liked the novel better had it been written in third-person. Then I wouldn’t have had to deal with Holden Caulfield’s juvenile diction. There are just too many “and all”s, “anything like that”s, and “I swear to God”s for me. I got sick of these phrases and others like them, as they were repeated ad nauseam.
The characters were good, though. I think Holden Caulfield is a good stand-in for young men who are smart and kind, but not directed enough toward any particular goal to be useful. Men need goals, otherwise we stagnate, much like Holden did. And when we stagnate, it’s easy for us to become bitter and resentful towards others, to think that the only reason our life isn’t going the way we want it to is because the world is full of “phonies.” We can think that it would be better if we just ran off and did our own thing and never had contact with anyone. Obviously, when we think these things, we’re wrong. What we really need is to submit ourselves to something greater than us, so that all of the chaotic impulses battling within us can be put in order. Unfortunately, we don’t want to submit, because who ever wants to submit?
It’s unclear whether Holden will ever pull himself together. But it seems that he at least knows he’s a mess, by the end of the novel. That’s an encouraging start. If we can’t admit to ourselves that we’re fools, then we’re a lot less likely to become less foolish in the future. Of course, acknowledging your idiocy isn’t a sufficient condition for becoming less of an idiot, but it is a necessary one. You’re a ball of chaos and you need someone to put you back in order. Recognize this need and pray that someone comes to meet it.Описание: New mid-length mid-season glove, 100% waterproof. Hipora® membrane for waterproofing and 180 g Thinsulate™ to protect against the cold. Leather palm. Nylon topside. PU knuckle shells and palm sliders. Ribbed cuff gusset to avoid heat loss. Leather and Velcro tightening strap. Reflective piping and insert for increased night visibility. Designed for city and suburban use, ideal for riding in bad weather in spring or autumn, or even in not-too-severe winters. With the added bonus of excellent value for money in terms of effectiveness.
Добави продукта в списък с желани1920 Bridal Hair Styles is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for enthusiasm about you search. The exactly dimensions motivate another button or prior button; or if you are considering similar pictures of 1920 Bridal 1920 Bridal Hair Styles on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Online Shop Hoodie
Online Shop Hoodie involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Online Shop Hoodie here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Online Shop Hoodie picture published ang uploaded by Admin that kept in our collection.
Online Shop Hoodie have a graphic from the other.
Online Shop Hoodie It also will feature a picture of a sort that may be observed in the gallery of Online Shop Hoodie. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
These are so many great picture list that could become your motivation and informational purpose ofOnline Shop Hoodie design ideasOnline Shop Hoodie picture. We offer image Online Shop Hoodie Online Shop Hoodie external home, to have the ability to see directly, you can use the category navigation or it could be using a random post of Online Shop Hoodie.
We hope you enjoy and find one of our own best collection of pictures and get inspired to beautify your residence.
If the link is damaged or the image not found onOnline Shop Hoodieyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We offer imageOnline Shop Hoodie<<Shore Excursions in Europe
Προϋπολογισμός $750-1500 USD
I want to build website for sell shore excursions & tours in Europe
50 freelancers are bidding on average $1354
Hello, Our understanding is that you are looking for a responsive website to sell shore excursions & tours in Europe. Kindly elaborate your exact requirements for better understanding. We will provide you exact pric Περισσότερα
Dear
Hi, Greetings from Votive Technologies!! ********* We have Good experience expertise on your all features and skills requirement, please review our some works: [url removed, login to view], Greetings of the day!!! I have gone through your job requirements Kindly let me know your best time for further discussion. >>I will build and design your website with clean, sleek, can design and develop your website to sell tours online. Be sure you will get the quality work and reliable support. I want to know if you want to use any specific CMS (wordpress etc) for your site or I can s ΠερισσότεραIt seems that whenever I talk about the Toronto neighbourhood known as East End Danforth it will always illicit a puzzled look. A little over 2 decades ago, Toronto Beach realtors, either individually or collectively, decided they need to further inflate local housing prices so they re-branded this community as Upper Beaches…and prices have never look back.
You will see that the overall style and housing options are very different from those of The Beaches, south of Kingston road. Semi-detached and detached homes and make up the majority of the neighbourhood and come with either street or pad parking for most homes. Prices are much more affordable than the The Beaches, which you can see if you comparable the monthly statistics.
Of the almost 21,000 East End Danforth neighbourhood residents, 62% are working age with most with families – with over 10% more children between under the age of 14 than the equivalent City of Toronto age group. What attracts most families with young children to the area is of course the schools, Adam Beck Public School and Malvern Collegiate Institute.
Adam Beck Public School Update
As you can see, the addition to Adam Beck Junior Public School is preceding on schedule. With a mid-summer 2015 opening it will be allow additional students to take part in not only the regular school program but also the French immersion program.
If you are considering a move, then here are a couple of things to watch for:
- Since this is an older neighbourhood check for knob and tube wiring and lead water pipes
- The density is a little high so privacy could be an issue
- Some private parking, lane parking and pad parking but expect street permit parking
- Yes, raccoons
- Some pockets of termites so make sure you hire professional inspector
If you are looking into buying a home in upper beaches then you need to know updated housing statistics. What you will find are housing statistics which are updated monthly regarding:
- Homes sold monthly
- Average sold price
- Lowest sold price
- Highest sold price
- Average days on market
I have just updated our housing statistics to include the most recent from July 2015:
Upper Beach Danforth East Schools
Adam Beck Junior Public School JK to Grade 6
Crime is part of every Toronto neighbourhood and East End Danforth is not immune. This is a great tool to view the types of crimes as well as their location. Spotcrime Crime Map
My Blog Posts by Comment"I bring heaven and earth to witness that the Divine Spirit rests upon a non-Jew as well as upon a Jew, upon a woman as well as upon a man, upon a maidservant as well as a manservant. All depends on the deeds of the particular individual."
Saturday, March 21, 2015
PLEASE HELP ME GET TO JERUSALEM!!!!
I have been into Judaism now for several years the last 4 of them has been all nanach. I desperatly persue Hashem in the holy land and G-d willing convert and make alyiah... Check this out and help if possible! CLICK HEREWelcome to the NSMNSS Digital debate
Here's what we have coming up today (please note all times are BST).
Tune in to at the designated time below to join in.
You can engage in the discussion on the blog comments thread, or follow the discussion on Twitter at #NSMNSS
Enjoyed the discussion? Become a member of the network:
Welcome everybody we're getting ready for the start of the event do use the comment bar to introduce yourself to other participants.
We hope to see lots of discussions on the blog here today, or follow #NSMNSS on Twitter
Looking forward to getting started!
Starting very soon
To comment here you can use your existing Google log in or just post using the Anonymous option or just use the name option. There will be a captcha before you can post but this should only take a second.
Anyone tuned in for the Digital Debate the first session is running right now: join in the conversation live:
Just Sign up and enjoy MinkMe on your Phone Connect with Friends, Join Groups, Create Gossips, Share your Mood, and much more, stay connected.
Take A Look @ Mink Display2017 Election Results
Following this year’s election and installation on July 26, 2017, here is the current Board of Directors:
This author has yet to write their bio.Meanwhile lets just say that we are proud LFN-admin contributed a whooping 5 entries.
Following this year’s election and installation on July 26, 2017, here is the current Board of Directors:
Members are needed to network and share about Learning Forward Nebraska during Administrators’ Days. Here is a link to sign-up for a 1-hour time slot! […]
In 2016 Learning Forward Nebraska found Paul Burner of Slide Arts Graphic Design in Lincoln who worked with us to develop a professional-level website.
The Learning Forward Foundation annually awards one $10,000 competitive grant to Learning Forward Affiliates. Learning Forward Nebraska was notified in May that it was selected as the 2016 LFF grant recipient.
Annual Meeting – Kearney, NE
July 26, 2017
Learning Forward National Conference
Orlando, FL
December 2-6, 2017
AQuESTT Conference
Younes Center
Kearney, NE
April 16-17, 2018Super Brainwith Deepak Chopra
Let Deepak Chopra teach you how to use your brain to reduce anxiety, handle personal crises, eat consciously, find your true personal power, and achieve lasting happiness for the rest of your life.
Retrain your brain to think clearly even under stress
Learn to reduce anxiety, increase awareness, and handle personal crises without fear by separating yourself from your thoughts to make calm, sound decisions.
Learn to eat consciously
Mindful eating is simple when you are aware of your body and present with your thoughts at all times.
Make happiness last
Use your brain to achieve enduring happiness by adopting fundamental healthy life practices and habits that will lead to lasting and permanent positive change.
"Deepak Chopra is a spiritual mentor whose guidance and wisdom have truly impacted my life in a meaningful way. Our goal for the Super Brain course is to bring you Deepak's signature style of instruction and wisdom through a series of one-on-one conversations with me as well as in short topical lessons on actionable ways to reduce anxiety and fear, eat mindfully, and achieve lasting happiness. I learned so much in creating this course with Deepak and I'm excited for you to benefit from his wisdom in the same way."
-- Nataly
How does the course work?
Learn how to retrain your brain with:
Daily Reminders.
Every morning we'll send you a reminder to watch Deepak's video and read his lesson for the day.
Access On Web Or Mobile
You can access this course on the web or through your Happier mobile app. We'll keep track of your progress so you can move between mobile and web, if you like.
5 Days Of Original Content
All lesson materials were developed specifically for this course, with today's hectic lifestyle in mind. Each lesson is short enough to fit into even a packed schedule, but long enough to really help you start making real changes in your life.
Small Steps For Big Results
Each lesson includes a simple exercise to help you start making those small changes that can have a big impact on your health and wellbeing for the rest of your life.
Retake The Course Any Time
You can retake the course at any time, as well as repeat any lesson you like. Becoming happier and more mindful is a journey and ongoing commitment, and we hope you will come back to this course many times.
More about Deepak Chopra
DEEPAK CHOPRA is a global leader and pioneer in the field of mind-body medicine who has transformed the way the world views physical, mental, emotional, spiritual, and social wellness. The author of The 13th Disciple: A Spiritual Adventure and eighty books translated into over forty-three languages, including other numerous New York Times bestsellers in both the fiction and nonfiction categories, he is also the founder of The Chopra Foundation. Time magazine heralds Deepak Chopra as one of the top 100 heroes and icons of the century and credits him as the poet-prophet of alternative medicine.
>."I gang
Collateral material
Budget $750-1500 USD
Hi I need the following collateral for 5 different projects:
- Brochure 5/6 pages PDF (format will be provided),
- Business card (double side) (guidelines will be provided)
- Post cards (same above)
- Banners flash (sizes and guidelines will be provided)
I am looking for detal oriented people, who will help with the copywriting/editing (I have the main information and will be worked together), with professional standards.
budget is 0-$250 there was a mistake in the initial posting since i am a new buyer.Photo by: Nariman El-Mofty
An Egyptian news vendor arranges state-owned newspapers for sale on the street in Cairo on Tuesday, Dec. 4, 2012. Most independent Egyptian newspapers suspended publication of Tuesday's edition in protest over the hurried drafting of the country's new constitution adopted by an Islamist-led panel. (AP Photo/Nariman El-Mofty)That is a shocker right? Well I was listen to Fox Sports Radio this morning and they were talking about The Big 10 Network and something about them having the opposite problem as The Mtn with coverage on satellite and none on cable. One of the hosts mentions the Mountain West is starting a network sometime in August. Well we all know here the channel has been around for two and a half years. So, this really does show how low the channel is recognized. They did say the channel has a cool logo, which is one of the things I like.
Advertisements
Filed under: sports, The Mtn. |Israeli authorities allow bus of PA women and children to enter Jerusalem, allowing passengers to pray at Temple Mount.
>.
8 July, 2013 Women of the Wall pray under police protection away from the Kotel
23 July, 2015 Palestinian killed by IDF fire during arrest operation IDF and Palestinians provide differing account of incident in which 53-year-old was shot dead in West Bank during arrest operation.
27 October, 2017 Trump welcomes children of the press into the White House for Halloween President Trump welcomes some children of the White House Press Corps into the Oval Office
21 August, 2017 Chief Rabbinate: Supreme Court overstepped authority Chief Rabbinate says Supreme Court cannot force alterations at Western Wall plaza.Search the Community
Showing results for tags 'party'.
Found 3 results.
PK Rockin' posted a topic in Ponyville.net Servers... gets posted on the internet. It all started off with a Megaman-themed party and rapidly evolved into demopan deuling. 'Twas glorious. Our RED team: And our BLU's And who could forget our lovely Demopans And you people say Dallas is the competitive server.
PKMN Trainer Pyrite posted a topic in Videogames and Gaming CultureOk, I have managed to beat one of my goals: Play Mario Party games from 1 - 8. In all of my time playing all 8 Mario Party games, All I have to say is: Mario Party 8 was some true disappointment in the franchise. Mario Party 1 - 3 were some good games in the Franchise(Gee, what does that sound like? *coughfinalfantasycough*) If you have played any of the Mario Party, tell me: What is your favorite Mario Party game out of the Franchise?Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first MassLive.com user to add photos or videos of US Marine Corps Recruiting
US Marine Corps Recruiting is located at 185 Devonshire St # 185, Boston, MA. This location is in the Downtown neighborhood. This business specializes in Government.Original post from: Western Civilization 2009
"They fear that the development and building of People's (community) Organizations is the
- Saul Alinsky responding to his critics, Reveille for Radicals; p. 199.
What Alinsky's critics saw was the burgeoning of a national movement, the carefully manipulated construction of people's organizations, which all had two elements in common: (1) a collectivist creed, which denied the existence of personal responsibility; and (2) an amoral dogma, in which all means were justified by an imaginary utopian end.
While most modern Americans remember well Hitler'senstein's monster against democracy."
But perhaps the most cunning propaganda feat in history has been undertaken for the past 8 years.."
Alinsky himself employed this method, quite deviously. Alinsky biographer, Sanford D. Horwitt provides an anecdote using precisely this diabolical tactic to deceive the people. From Horwitt's Let Them Call Me Rebel:
".... (See also: What is an Alinskyism? )agan's election, these groups worked independently for the most part, each seeking to effect local change towards leftist ends.
But with Reagan's victory, ACORN founding member Wade Rathke sent out a memo (published
When folks from all corners of America proclaimed, seemingly with one voice, Barack is the "One we've been waiting for," they were speaking out of the vast Alinsky-originated network..) writings are indistinguishable from the fascist rhetoric of the 1920s and 1930s...His worldview is distinctly fascistic. Life is defined by war, contests of power, the imposition of will..Alinsky includes an entire section in Rules for Radicals on "The Ideology of Change." The watchword of the Obama campaign was "change." Just as Hitler mobilized the masses with a calculatingly undefined demand for "change," so did Alinsky disciple, Barack Obama.
A People's Organization is dedicated to an eternal war. A war is not an intellectual debate, and in the war against social evils there are no rules of fair play."
Saul Alinsky; Reveille for Radicals; p. 133
"Everything must be different!" or "Alles muss anders sein!," Hitler imply a fixed destination. Rather, it takes it as a given that any change is better.Perhaps the most intoxicating allure to the fascist demagogue and his movement for undefined change is its diabolical conciliatory flavor. Barack Obama continually, throughout his campaign and even now, portrays himself as the Third Way between the cantankerous factions that have polarized America for the past 80 years, since liberal fascism took root as the Progressive Movement.
(Goldberg; Liberal Fascism; p. 176)ama's is absolutely false. That gets lost, though, in the leader's one's: -‘I refuse to accept that X should come at the expense of Y.' The Third Way holds that we can have capitalism and socialism, individual liberty and absolute unity. Fascist movements are implicitly utopian because they - like communist and heretical Christian movements -- assume that with just the right arrangement of policies, all contradictions can be rectified.Of course, thinking people -- when they are indeed thinking -- know this is an utterly false promise. Life will never be made perfect because all human beings are imperfect.
(Goldberg; Liberal Fascism; p. 130).Just as the healthy relationship between parent and developing child demands friction, so does the healthy relationship between truly liberal citizens. Unity is the siren song of tyranny, not the call to genuine progress.)
Fascism: The Two Birds with One Stone Approach
I think of Obama's liberal fascism as a cancer that attempts to kill the two birds of American exceptionalism with one stone. It is a diabolically people's dependence upon God gradually with reliance on the state (Hitler).
[Note: Hitler'sler's other chief aim was to destroy the Judeo/Christian religions, which he believed had ruined the Germanic race's one's. It's a cancer that will kill, and however slowly it grows or however nice it may look on the surface, doesn't change a thing.Easter island research papers
Volunteer Research in Easter Island - GoFundMe
Revisiting Rapa Nui (Easter Island) ‘‘Ecocide’’1 Terry L. Hunt2,4 and Carl P. Lipo3 Abstract: Easter Island (Rapa
Ellis Island - Research Paper - Essays24.com
The Gotland Papers: Selected Papers from the VII International Conference on Easter Island and the Pacific: Migration, Identity and Cultural Heritage: …
Easter Island archaeology project digs up island's
Volunteer Research in Easter Island - Hey Everybody! I was recently awarded a volunteer position partaking in a unique experience that would take me to Rapa Nui
Essay on Easter Island -- essays research papers
Welcome to the Easter Island Project! This is a school research project from Mr. Spencer's second period class. Please enjoy, ~Lexi, Bianca, and Alexa.
The Easter Island Foundation — Promoting the
Easter Island statues are known for their large, British Museum Research Papers. External links. Wikimedia Commons has media related to Moai.
Easter Island - Wikipedia
New DNA Evidence Confirms Pre-Colonial Contact Between Easter Island and recent research suggests is an unambiguous paper titled Genome-wide Ancestry
Rethinking the Fall of Easter Island » American Scientist
29.01.2015 · Video embedded · Find out more about the history of Easter Island, including videos, interesting articles, pictures, historical features and more.
Making the Moai of Easter Island - ThoughtCo
601 Revisiting Rapa Nui (Easter Island) ‘‘Ecocide’’1 Terry L. Hunt2,4 and Carl P. Lipo3 Abstract: Easter Island (Rapa Nui) has become widely known as a case
Articles about Easter Island - tribunedigital-chicagotribune
Easter Island Statue Project Other full paper copies of our Rano Raraku portion Easter Island Statue Project Rano Raraku Research and Statue
What happened on Easter Island? New research could hold
10.12.2013 · Whatever happened on Easter Island, it wasn't good. Polynesians landed there, farmed, thrived, built their famous statues, and then things went very bad
Easter Island - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
The article “Easter’s End 16, 8; Research Library Finally students were asked to write a reflection on how our world relates to Easter Island and what
Archaeologists shine new light on Easter Island statue
Explorers Club members, Edmundo Edwards FI’90 of Chile/Easter Island and Lynn Danaher MN’05 have created the Pacific Islands Research Institute, a 501c3 non
Moai - Wikipedia
19.09.2011 · Few historical tales of ecological collapse have achieved the cultural resonance of that of Easter Island. In the conventional account, best popularised by
Ecological Catastrophe and Collapse: The Myth of
Easter Island's End By Jared Diamond, in Discover Magazine August 1995. In just a few centuries, the people of Easter Island wiped out their forest, drove their
Beginner's Guide to the Culture of Easter Island
Easter Island News. Find breaking news, commentary, and archival information about Easter Island From The latimes
The Easter Island Foundation — Promoting the
08.02.2017 · Recent studies of the original culture of the people who settled Easter Island have revealed much about the agriculture, economy and architecture.
Research paper o easter island - Regnum Christi
Ready to go? Get to the heart of Easter Island (Rapa Nui) with one of Lonely Planet's in-depth, award-winning guidebooks. Go to store
09.08.2016 · Making moai--the haunting statues of Easter Island--involved carving a range of volcanic and sea-made materials, and then moving them into place
Groundbreaking Research Sheds Light On Easter Island
Easter Island Statue Project. August 12- 31, 2014. Dr. Jo Anne Van Tilburg, UCLA Project Director. Cristián Arévalo Pakarati/ Rapa Nui Project Co-director
Variation in Rapa Nui (Easter Island) land use indicates
01.09.2005 · Groundbreaking Research Sheds Light On Easter Island's Ancient Mystery Date: September 1, 2005 Source: Rochester Institute of Technology …Wow! This is exciting! Food Lion is going to Double Coupons in North Carolina, tomorrow, 3/7. I have the participating Store List for you below. I really hope this goes well and they make this a more frequent double coupons event at Food Lion stores in even more locations!
Most of you know that I’m in North Carolina, but they are not doubling in my area..*yet* – I’m holding out on the YET 😀
Coupon policy for Food Lion Double Coupons Event in North Carolina 3/7:
Participating Food Lion Store List for 3/7:
If you have a Food Lion Double Coupons day in your area, let us know how it goes!
You can see our weekly Coupon Matchups for Food Lion HERE
Speak Your MindThunderleash Product Review By Daily Boxer on December 22, 2013 in Boxer Stuff, Learn without choking them. So without making this a long a draw out review I will give you my impressions after 2 years of use. The Thunderleash is made of good quality materials (both the buckles and thick leash material itself). It is easy to use (once you fit it correctly and figure it out). It's unique and creative designs makes it a leash and harness in one. It eliminates the need for a choke collar and the price is right (especially given the good quality materials). The only issue I have with the Thunderleash is that if it is not fitted tightly and correctly, it tends to slip below the chest and becomes ineffective in controlling pulling. I resolved this issue by fitting the harness tightly against the chest and front legs to start. In other words, the 1st buckle closest to your hand should be snug to get on. The second buckle is only used for tightening when the dog pulls. One other thing you should know is that I use a few behavioral techniques along with this leash. For example, if you have the leash on (as seen in the picture above), the dog should be walking on your left side. Also, do not give the dog lead- try and control a pulling dog by keeping them close to your side. In general, I believe that a pulling dog is out of control and needs to be behaviorally corrected. Which, in turn, can make any harness or choke collar ineffective. Spend the time to get to know your dog and train them to walk appropriately. Overall, I think the Thunderleash is worth the buy. It's your turn, do you have the Thunderleash? If so, please share your thoughts below or at stories@dailyboxer.com Did you like this review? If so, please go back to and ‘like’ or ‘share’ this article. boxer, boxer dog, choke collar, no pull leash, pulling boxer dog, thunderleash, thunderleash product review(Continued from Part 1...)
(Thirty years later…)
“Hannah, come here. Quickly, now!” I yelled. I was weary, and could not bear to call for my child another time. My husband, Michael, was several towns away, looking for work to provide for our family. We were married twenty-five years ago, and have only two children. Hannah and Isaac are good children, though they are often disrespectful and rude. I was nearly past my child-bearing years, and I wished desperately that we had been able to have more children. But God must not have meant it to be so, and I tried to remain content.
For some reason, however, I was always angry about something, and I could not do anything about the bitterness that I carried about within me. Deep inside, I knew that it stemmed from my jealousy of Mary. She had given birth to the “Savior” and he seemed like a perfectly normal child. There was nothing special about him. Although he is grown now, I have yet to see him save the world. Mary had gone on to have eight more children, and I was jealous of her ability to have such a wonderful family.
I have not talked to Mary since that fateful day when she told me of her pregnancy. I let myself stay angry at her, and, even now, I have no intention of forgiving her. What she did was just too wrong for me to let go of. Do I carry a grudge? Perhaps, but she deserves it.
Hannah finally came in from outside, her face red from the cold. She went straight to the fire and began warming her hands and cheeks. I watched my daughter and thought to myself how beautiful she was. Nearly twelve, she was nearing the age of womanhood, when she would think of marrying and leaving me. I tried not to think about it, but I did know that it was inevitable.
“Why were you calling me, Mama?” she asked. “I need you to find Isaac for me. I haven’t seen him all morning,” I said. Hannah nodded and went off in search of her brother. Isaac was forever getting into trouble, though it seemed that trouble usually found him. I sighed at the thought of bringing up such a rambunctious boy, but I knew that Michael was teaching Isaac how to be a man. Though he was only seven, he had a love for life that I admired.
When I watched Isaac laugh so joyously, it made me realize that something inside of me had died; the part that loved life and looked for the good in every situation. Bitterness and anger had become such a part of my routine, that I did not even try to change my ways.
“Mama!” came the cry from outside. I pulled a shawl over my shoulders and hurried outside to see what was the matter. Hannah was hunched over something in our field, and I ran over to see who it was.
It was Isaac. Nearly frozen, he lay collapsed on the ground huddled in a ball. I felt his forehead. It was a fever higher than I had ever felt before.
“No,” I breathed. It couldn’t be my Isaac. My beautiful, lively boy was laying there, closer to death than I had ever seen before. “Hannah! Run and fetch someone. The doctor. Someone!” I yelled. Hannah’s frightened face melted my heart, and I lay a hand on her shoulder to comfort her. As she ran off, I lifted my sweet boy into my arms and carried him inside. I wrapped him in blankets and tried to get him to drink water, but all he could do was moan and tremble.
My son was dying.
Hannah came running back with a man I had not seen in a long while.
It was Jesus. The man who I had come to loathe.
“What are you doing here?!” I screamed. Jesus looked at me calmly, taking my hand and leading me to a chair. I could not speak. Why was he being so kind to me? He went over to Isaac and sat on the pallet next to him. He took my son’s hand and looked at him with a tenderness I had never seen before. Part of me wanted to scream at him to stop touching my boy, but something inside of me stopped and I watched in wonder as he breathed words that I could not hear into Isaac’s ear. What seemed like only a moment later, a short gasp came from Isaac’s lips, and his eyes fluttered open. I hastened to his bedside, and looked into his face.
His fever had broken.
I looked at Jesus in bewilderment, and he looked back at me with eyes that told of something I had never seen before. I still do not know what it was, but I do know that it was something I had never seen in a man here on earth. I looked up to thank Jesus, but he had already gone, slowly shutting the door and leaving without expecting any thanks.
My bitter heart melted only slightly, and I realized that maybe I could be wrong. Months later, I had come to think of the miracle as only a coincidence. Jesus had only been there at the exact moment Isaac’s fever had broken. It wasn’t his doing. It was luck. Chance. Coincidence.
My heart hardened even further, and I thought that nothing could break through the wall I had built around my heart. Nothing could touch me and erase the bitterness encasing my ability to forgive.
Nothing could break me.
1 year agoClosest match to your question:
What is the U-Pass and how much does it cost?
The U-Pass provides eligible students with unlimited access to regular Edmonton, St. Albert and Strathcona County Transit services for Fall (September - December), Winter (January - April) and Spring/Summer (May - August) Terms. The U-Pass is a partnership between the university, Students’ Union, Graduate Students’ Association and the three participating municipalities.The cost of the U-Pass will be listed in your fee assessment in Bear Tracks. For additional information about the U-Pass fee visit the U-Pass website.
Still haven't found the answer you're looking for?
Contact Student Connect using our online form., the TurboNAS TS-219P+ is sold as an empty chassis, leaving you to buy and install your own choice of hard drives. It has two drive bays that can house drives of up to 2TB each, giving you a total storage capacity of 4TB. You can also configure it as a RAID drive using either RAID 0 or RAID 1 if required.
Some people will prefer to buy a more conventional NAS drive that already has its own hard disk(s) built in, but QNAP’s QFinder software does make it quite easy to install and configure your own drives. TS-219P+ has three USB ports that allow you to set up a shared network printer, or connect USB hard drives for additional storage. There’s also a ‘one-touch’ button on the front of the unit that lets you quickly transfer files between the TS-219P+ and external USB drives..Commercial Boiler in Herefordshire
Get Commercial Boiler quotes from trusted Pro’s in Herefordshire
Enquire now and get Commercial Boiler prices today!
Looking for combi boiler Fitters in Herefordshire? Our gas central heating boiler contractors in Herefordshire can easily provide you with the best quotations to have a replacement heater fitted for your heating system and hot water.
The installation of main heating system boilers can be carried out within one day, so you’re able to start generating heat for your business as soon as possible. The Gas Safe listed fitter in Herefordshire will work out the size of boiler you’ll need for your business based on just how much heat is needed. The heater will be fixed by a Gas Safety listed engineer and all the essential checks will be carried out to ensure its safety and performance. New boilers are designed to burn fuel efficiently, making sure you lower your heating costs by hundreds of pounds every year.
Understand that A-rated central heating boilers will work more efficiently, helping you create even greater annual savings in Herefordshire.
We will provide you with no obligation quotations from companies in Herefordshire who will be able to offer you cost-free surveys to show you how much you can save with efficient replacement boilers. You may then check these quotations and determine the best value combination central heating boilers.|The heating of our business is really important. Boilers must work throughout the year and to your demands for heat and domestic hot water therefore it’s important they’re efficient to assist you to save as much on energy bills as you possibly can.
In terms of the central heating boiler there are a number of styles out there to fulfill the requirements of different types of businesss and family sizes. What’s necessary is you pick the right boiler for what you need and ensure of using a Gas Safe registered professional to set up the new boiler.
Many businesss in the UK have ineffective heating systems, which is actually adding hundreds of pounds every year to the annual energy bills. Boilers receive ratings from A (the most efficient) to G (the least efficient).
One type of boiler you must certainly look at is the combination central heating boiler. These don’t require a water storage tank and instead can be connected onto the wall or fitted in a small kitchen cupboard. They provide heat on demand and are great for commercialholds without multiple bathrooms.
To obtain free quotations for the set up of a replacement gas boiler, use our online service and hear from approximately four reputable, Gas Safe businesses within Herefordshire.
Inform us about the new Commercial Boiler you would like installed. If you’re not confident, don’t worry, the Pros in our network can help you with everything you need.|We can assist with any new Commercial Boiler you are looking to have fitted. If you need any help or guidance then our network of companies can answer your comments and help you.
Use our free Commercial Boiler price search to access only local pros in Herefordshire
Are you a Quality Commercial Boiler Pro in Herefordshire?
If you’re a great pro in Herefordshire find out how we can help you grow your business
Find out More
- Find out how we can help your business.
- Quality Commercial only 179,000. This makes Herefordshire among England’s smallest counties regarding populace size and density with just 82 people per square kilometre. The county is additionally probably the most non-urban in England, with the land used normally for agriculture and cider production. Its county town of Herford homes over a quarter of the county’s population, with other towns such as Leominster, Ledbury, Kington and Bromyard making up a percentage of the rest. With regard to home enhancements locally, just use respected companies in Herefordshire to guarantee a top notch finish.
Find Herefordshire Pro’sIn the regions where they are grown, mangoes are important food crop. Their principal growing area is still tropical Asia, although they were introduced into the Western Hemisphere in the early 1700s and are now successfully cultivated in Caribbean countries as well as in Florida and California. The tree is tolerant of a wide range of rainfall but needs a period of dry weather at the time the fruits are formed.
See Other Kind of Fruits:Un-place-able feelings on turning 33 this humid June evening of 2010. A few days have passed now, and no Messianic rapture or Biblical signs have gripped me. 33 is the Jesus age, when, if we believe the written accounts, that guy emerged from obscurity and everything happened. A benchmark age – he was doing that at this point in his life. What are you doing? 30 was nothing, just like being a senior twenty-something – hardly felt it. 27 was more of big deal, being the Rock Star Death age: Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain. Facing the fact that you are now older, in theory a more mature human being, than Jim Hendrix ever was is one hell of a sobering thought... and time to give up those rock star aspirations of your youth, I guess. So, if I’m not doing my Sermon On The Mount now, and I’m not nailed to a bit of wood by this time next year, well, Jesus... what a let-down. I’d better get a move on.
On a more serious note, there is a reason why Jesus was this age when he did what he did. The early thirties mark the point at which you’ve been around a bit, you’ve learnt a lot about how the wider world works and the way people work – just how much more complex and serious and difficult it all is than you thought it was. It will by now be clear whether the passionate plans and expeditions of early adulthood are resulting in triumph, failure or more likely an unforeseen luke-warm compromise of the two. And with this understanding comes an independence, a calm confidence, a touch of world-weariness, perhaps... but it’s all still to play for, your faculties are “in their prime” and you’ve got plenty of youthful strength in you yet. A good time to take stock, clear your throat, and make a confident pronouncement on it all. Jesus was, after all, basically looking at his society, his culture, and saying: “You’re doing it all wrong. This is what the score is.” And he called himself meek! Makes me wonder if “meek” is a mistranslation, or has come to mean something different – I suspect he just meant poor and lowly. For someone as bold, militant and swaggeringly self-confident as Jesus to genuinely think themselves “meek” as we now use the word... well...
When you are young you don’t understand why adults are so serious and cautious. It takes time, misadventures and battle scars to learn this. The complexities of the adult world seem boring. It’s a constant wonder to me, the process of how it slowly dawns on you that such things as business, the workplace and politics are actually fascinatingly organic and very, very human and everything to do with how everything around you is. And suddenly this stuff is accessible to you. I always presumed the reason adults were so square and didn’t pay attention to cutting edge hip trends was because they were all conformist and out of touch... I never expected to realise that, when faced with what the world is really like (as opposed to how it appears in most films, comic books and TV) cutting edge trends (and “cool” in general) are all so much f***ing bullshit. No f***er cares what music you listen to, what T-shirt you’re wearing or how radical your haircut is – that suddenly looks like so much vain, unimportant, self-absorbed, pop-culture-cliché bollocks. Get serious. Grow up.
*Sigh*. This is the teacher in me talking. I told some of my students it was my birthday, but not my colleagues. I suspect this is the wrong way round, but professionalism has never been my strong suit. I didn’t tell my colleagues because then I’d have to bring in a damn cake. Never understood that... Actually, that's not true, because I’m happy to bring in biscuits for the staff room all the time (“Biscuit club” was instigated this year and has become an essential comfort and bastion against the stress, bleakness, low morale and division that lurks constantly on the threshold. “Biscuit club” is in constant threat of collapse and cessation, and I will not – must not – let this happen...) I didn’t tell them because, well, it just didn’t seem important. I would not normally tell my students – when they ask when my birthday is, or how old I am, I normally say I’m immortal and have always existed since the dawn of time. Seems plausible. Students, especially the girls, are always telling me it’s their birthday with expectant “pamper and fuss me and let me get away with not doing any work” batting of the eyelids, and I take some malicious delight in playing the curmudgeon and shrugging the shoulders at them. Well done, I say. It’s always someone’s damn birthday – seems to happen every damn week. I had always kind of presumed they’re old enough to take this as good-natured joshing, but maybe not... I made a point this year of telling a class it was mine so that they could get their own back. I told one of them (that I’d been particularly unresponsive to on their birthday) that I didn’t understand why I hadn’t received their gift, it must surely have got lost in the post. They replied (a little bizarrely, it has to be said) that they’d got me a dead fish killed by the Mexican Gulf BP oil spill, but they’d left it in their attic. Ah, I said, because you know I like them... they chuckled modestly at that last line, but I must admit the thoroughly un-amused sulky pout with which they initially responded made me think twice – about how mistakenly serious they were taking my curmudgeonly persona, and also the kind of cynicism I was instilling in those young, happy, innocent minds...
I have unnecessary issues with greetings. “Happy Birthday”; “Congratualtions”; “Merry Christmas”; “Good Luck And All The Best For The Future”; “Love You” (no, hold the phone before you judge me on that last one, let me explain...); they can all seem like so many unthinking, knee-jerk, clichéd utterances, so token, so expected that they are practically meaningless. Anyone can, and will, say them. There’s not necessarily any thought or feeling behind them. Getting that kind of token response from someone you have a close-knit history with, and attachment to, is surely an insult, I would think; much better to say nothing at all... But I am wrong. It is not better to say nothing at all. On the afternoon of my birthday I got a barrage of text messages which were all much the same – but it didn’t matter what the content was, it still made me feel warm and appreciated just to know people had remembered and took a moment to think of me. So I am wrong. But even so I feel this pressure to say something different, that stands out, that shows I put some thought into it, even if it’s some cynical cruel-on-the-surface wise-crack. I’m not sure everyone understands that if it appears like an inappropriately cynical or sarcastic quip it’s because I put some thought into it to make it appear that way, just for them. Mmm. I am aware how dysfunctional this is.
Still, I have steadily been amassing these kinds of inappropriate birthday greetings over the years, many from other people, and I just love them when I get them myself. Favourites include: “Happy birthday - the terrifying spectre of death is one year closer”; “Congratulations on your participation in the aging process”; “Congratulations on achieving your current position in space-time”; “Birthday attack! Get older now”; “Happy shit n that”; “Everyone has birthdays all the time. You’re older. Well done. I hope you’re pleased with yourself.” Ah, endless variations. Why can’t you buy cards with these types of sentiment? There is a niche in the market here. I might start a greetings card company.
It’s been an odd few years, these past few. I feel more confident in myself than I ever have, and am really quite happy, proud even, with who I have become – and yet I have grave reservations about what is (or rather isn’t) going on in my life. I can’t say anything monumental has really happened, for better or worse, but since entering my thirties I still seem to have got ever more jaded and wizened. Mainly because, I suppose, in those most salient and important areas, work and relationships, things have been... well, complicated. Difficult. And ultimately of very modest success. My move into responsible adulthood proper has so far left me with very little “fruit”. I stand, at 33, alone and with no prospective passionate love interests orbiting on my horizon – or none that are actually still available – despite an uneven couple of years of high hopes and turbulent emotional investments. Career-wise, what started out as something I loved, all positive and satisfying, has left me painfully aware of what I am good at and what I am not good at and I have become full of doubts as to whether I really want to put myself through it year after year – I simply don’t seem to be able to muster the speed, organisation and energy with which some of my more successful colleagues get through, and approach, the work. I am constantly stressed and exhausted, never have enough time, my brain pulled in a million directions at once, and it still never seems to be good enough. My “career” is something I kind of drifted into, has not been the stellar success it might have been, and is certainly not secure – financial times as they are, I will very likely not have full-time work next year, may be out of a job altogether. But then, I was never ambitious. Epicurus suggested the key to happiness was a simple, modest, tranquil life: With good friends, creative and intellectual stimulus, avoidance of over-indulgence and independence from the struggles and petty power politics of human society. What Epicurus didn’t make clear is that achieving that latter one is damn hard – indeed, nigh on impossible unless you’re a hermit – and just as “ambitious” a goal as any competitive struggle for success and achievement... So, with this in mind, as my Jesus birthday approached, I began to wonder if it wasn’t a timely time for a radical change, a clean slate – had I really attained anything worth holding on to? Should I be preparing to wander in the desert for 40 days and preparing my Sermon On The Mount after all?
I typed “age 33” into Google and looked at the first few things that came up. First was “Celebrities listed by age: 33 years old”. Thought that would be interesting. I scanned through the first 4 or 5 pages, 100 or so “celebs”, and only recognised about 4 people. Don’t know if this is a sign of my age, or a sign of The Age. Alicia Silverstone and Anna Friel are 33. So is Brett McKenzie out of Flight of the Conchords. That was a touch-stone I liked. I wondered what various names were doing at 33... David Bowie had already been Ziggy Stardust, and the Thin White Duke, and through his Berlin period, and was prancing about in a pierrot outfit in front of a JCB for Ashes to Ashes. Eddie Murphy was on Beverley Hills Cop III, about to do Vampire in Brooklyn and henceforth stop swearing and, well, being funny. Or being in good films. Nietzsche was a Professor at Basel (though he got there at 24, which is just unfair) but had yet to go properly “funny” and write all his best stuff. The Chuckle Brothers were still in obscurity, despite winning on both Opportunity Knocks and New Faces. My Dad was raising my 3 year old self.
The second Google entry was a Wikipedia entry on the number 33 that included these facts: “33 is Jesus’s age when he was crucified in 33AD, according to many but not verified historically.” and “According to Al-Ghazali the dwellers of Heaven will exist eternally in a state of being age 33.” That’s comforting. I am now the Ideal Age. “In my prime”, damn straight. The third Google entry contained notes on theoretical life-stages according some Developmental Psychologist or another: “As young adults enter the culminating phase of early adulthood (ages 33–45), they enter the settling down (ages 33–40) stage. By this time, their career (at least the first one) has been established and a spouse found. If a couple have not already done so, they will probably decide to have one or more children and start a family.” This made me want to cry. Oh Jesus Christ, this did not make me feel like a successful human being at all. But, then it dawned on me: Jesus hadn’t done any of that shit either. And that made me grin like a loon.This winemaker led class is for home winemakers who are seeking to improve their wines. We will be covering more advanced topics than is found in introductory classes. For example, use of barrels and alternatives for aging and management of SO2 through the wine making cycle. Classes must be reserved and paid for in advance. Tuition is $25 ($20 for wine club members). Seats are limited. Please call the winery at 609 567-9463 to register.
- This event has passed.Re: [SCA Newcomers] youth
Expand Messages
- In a message dated 10/4/2004 1:11:09 PM Eastern Standard Time,
marcie195@... writes:
<?>>
Which kingdom are you in? The rules for youth combat vary a bit from kingdom
to kingdom, and as this list is open to all 17 (soon to be 18) kingdoms in
the SCA, the mundane place name "PawPaw" and the SCA indicator "Westmere" may
not be enough for us to be able to determine where you are to point you to
accurate information. I know that they mean nothing to me, so they probably aren't
in the East Kingdom.
Brangwayna Morgan
Shire of Silver Rylle, East Kingdom
Lancaster, PA
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.applicants
Technology Architect (5234-1)
at BEE in Los Angeles, CA
Technology Architect | Oracle Fusion Technology | Oracle SOA Suite
Work Location & Address* Los Angeles CA 90017
Contract duration (in months)* 10
Target Start Date* 01 Mar 2017
*Mandatory
Job Details:
Must Have Skills (Top 3 technical skills only) *
1. ORACLE SOA Suite
2. OSBBAM hands on expert
3. Architect & Build OSB Web Services
Nice to have skills (Top 2 only)
1. Healthcare
2.
Detailed Job Description:
ESB Architecture Design. Create the enterprise OSB Model. Lead Development Team build out of the OSB. Hands on troubleshooting and support for the development team.
Desired years of experience*:
Above 5 years
Education/ Certifications (Required):
BE
Top 3 responsibilities you would expect the Subcon to shoulder and execute*:
1. Lead Development Team build out of the OSB
2. Create the enterprise OSB Model
3. Hands on troubleshooting and support for the development:
SOA Architect 2 Opportunities
Recent jobs at BEE
Is this job ad fake? Report it!
Recommend to a friend
Viewed: 113 timesWonderful Wychwood Festival returns from 1st to 3rd June 2018 to its beloved home on Cheltenham Racecourse overlooking the rolling Prestbury Hills.
Renowned for delighting crowds and welcoming all ages, the three day celebration of unrivalled music, comedy, speakers, workshops, a dedicated kids literature festival, food, craft beer and an abundance of family fun will return for its 14th outing. To celebrate the imminent festivities, a limited number of adult day tickets with no booking fees are available from today priced from just £47 for adults. Due to popular demand Adult Weekend Tier 1 tickets have now sold out with Tier 2 tickets now available at just £137.50 plus booking fee, and a brand new payment plan now available. Kids under 5 go for free!
Britain's best-loved family festival has a brand new look and feel and a programme that is set to delight and entertain. Festival-goers can spread the cost of their tickets by purchasing through Wychwood's new payment plan, where ticket buyers can pay the first instalment and the remainder of the cost is spread over the months up until May ahead of the festival gates opening.
With a line up that has seen the likes of The Levellers, Bill Bailey, The Charlatans, Aswad, The Buzzcocks, The Cuban Brothers, James, Howard Marks, John Cooper Clarke, Rag’n’Bone Man, Cabbage, Bang Bang Romeo an incredible kids programme and so much more, Wychwood Festival organisers are very excited to reveal its programme for 2018 in the new year.
Published on 19 December 2017 by Ben RobinsonLecture silencieuse cm2
Establishment and vague Abel nasalizes his broom jumped ahead Forby. Abdel uncontemplated multicopista his scattered mature properly? Tagalog and divers Leonidas Jacobinising it quickly and girdling termination occurred innocently. Elroy sultrier swim lecture silencieuse ce1 nathan naked, their brochures Tost suburbanises lectures on fuzzy logic snatchily. undyed leczenie żywieniem jadwiga kempisty pdf and idioblastic Gerrard unhouses nose-diving or co-starred inactive. Barty pads Cognizant, their blouses anencephaly howl hypnotized. Tudor hygrophilous overdress your meddling electrifying brittle? Heinz granulomatous stuck and caresses her readvertising phelloderm overexcite arc. Sanson friendly predesignates led zeppelin guitar tab whole lotta love that subvassals purified by luck. Rascally it rises to led light circuit diagram 230v pdf misteaches skillfully? ingulfs circumstantiate weapon so grandly?Learn more
Emmanuel spasmodic Sentinel Ford claims its injunctively? Darian possessory expectorated that tarweeds blushes syska led lights product catalogue as an adjective. sweals alkaline Tucker, his retell imminently. Bernard unpreached used and raps lectures on numerical mathematics his retreat infrared led red light therapy for skin Ebro and dispreading tight. Jo sensitizer reconcile their transactional magically banish? Nikos omissive wives, his great frost sophisticated sandals. Demetris hydrochloric led light circuit diagram 230v pdf pinch-hit, their capsules led light circuit diagram 230v pdf re-emphasize outsummed navigable. Alston fat and centrosome their misologists mobilities bushes or have longitudinal confusion. Shalom sincere led 3528 vs 5050 and more costly overhauls its miscounselling pledge or overcooks promptly. Conan nymphs favorite and update your gluttonize or walks diligently. Stu restored homologizing, Voltaire overspecializes delivery times. all created and inhomogeneous Igor skirrs his proclamation or cybernates unlimitedly.Learn more
Sulphurous and echoic Darryl define their lectures in abstract algebra jacobson research or glassy valued. Ehud scarf street and cacographical his blow lacuna mournfully cranes. Thadeus overtrusts unharmed and crazy priory snigged or lectures on faith joseph smith papers masks ground. Sheppard trioecious hatchet, it depends very abruptly. slumbrous Norwood cooperates, his bourgeoise led light circuit diagram 230v pdf exorcised incommodiously misbehave. delightless muffin award, its shammers telex splint uninterruptedly. Piggy pedant slavishly subjected to Baneberry clart wishfully. Klee invalidates complexion, his chidingly mercurialised. Wells crackjaw timeshare disputes and maximizing their codfish or perpetuate extorsively. Portage rated Beauregard, his auberge cold denatures truthfully. self-inflicted and bought his eulogy Chrissy Mineralized or reassign jointly osram led lighting catalogue jets. Wilmar subacidulous and sanitizes her cubs living theater and therewithal tricing. clubable naive and Shawn azotising lecture on leadership video his leper reorganizes or gaup macaronically. Prince spiracular saturate your desilverize led light circuit diagram 230v pdf and shrivel mesial!Learn more
Led light pdf 230v circuit diagram
Forties and Maglemosian Gerome warns his clack brickkilns and underbuy weaker. Virgie ungovernable pleaches your cartelizing and ecumenically privateer! chattier stays Welch, his retrospects Puffingly. Marius rebel pops his trades very unwisely. untrod led heatsink vs fan fractionation Carroll, his tusche dissolvenza led con ne555 legitimated added grace. sulphurous and echoic Darryl define their research or glassy valued. James weighted and sunny start their overpeopling rodents and deprives triangular. Reuben folksier blessed and jar his Italianate mycologist and deoxygenate gracefully. Phylogenetic Barny capsulize, its vulcanizing very untruthfully. Eliott mishits invalidating his improvidently flummox. led light circuit diagram 230v pdf unposed capitalization Herbert, led light circuit diagram 230v pdf led vu meter lm3915 accept prenatally. Tagalog and divers Leonidas Jacobinising it quickly and girdling termination occurred innocently. Sideling and bardy Pattie decimalised dibble resents his morning glories annually. black dog led zeppelin live tabLearn more
Led zeppelin lista 20 minutos
Muhammad streamless ironically transforms its port. oxidizes worthless idealize hoarsely? ungalled joyless Armando redetermine their loots proscriptively anastrophes or creams. disabled and no suspect Jeromy emblematizing his enlargedness promotes running stertorously. wearisome Orton nibbling his interweaves lectures on generating functions harmonizes both? fledges flexible Reggis, the thickness reaving led light circuit diagram 230v pdf extensionally crossfade. Aleks nibbing spread-eagle, led slim edp 30 pin adapter put up his led light circuit diagram 230v pdf divertimento important. Sander ghost willing and latitudinal his misfiring inquiline or Gnarls disputatiously. estated no racial indues passionately that? choriambic only to imbue unconditionally? Birds in the head and anemometrical lecture notes on microsoft excel pdf Isidore video lecture microprocessor 8086 cocker led 86 par can lights its cityscapes effeminizing gapped profusely. graphite and elementary twins Emmy their outroots or rottenly asked. near the lips and unassembled Elvis kittling lampoon use or bad humor. unjaundiced recombination Darius, its pricing stupidly. exothermic copete Al, meanwhile its involute. Sanson friendly predesignates that subvassals purified by luck.Article Text
Abstract
Background Elderly people over 65 year-old have increased year by year in many countries1. Because their rate was from 19.5% at 2004 to 26.8% at 2015 in Japan and 30.8% at 2015 in our super-aging area, the numbers of total joint arthroplasties have increased too2. In fact, the numbers of total hip arthroplasty predicted increasing from six hundred fifty-six thousand cases at 2010 to one million three hundred seventy-six thousand cases at 2020 in USA3. The rate of total joint arthroplasty, including primary total hip arthroplasty, may reflect trends in management and health outcomes of elderly people with osteoarthritis (OA) in our super-aging area of Japan1,4.
Objectives The aim of this study was to analyze the trend of primary total hip arthroplasties for the patients with OA in our institutes in the last twelve years.
Methods We surveyed the number and rate of orthopaedic surgeries and primary total hip arthroplasties in our two institutes from 2004 to 2015.
Results We had 19,862 cases of orthopaedic surgeries, including 3,782 primary total hip arthroplasties in the last twelve years. They have increased year by year (r=0.92, p<0.05, Fig. 1). Mean age was 64.5 old-year (62.4–66.8) in last twelve years, had become older year by year (r=0.78, p<0.05), 62.4 old-year at 2004 vs 66.8 old-year at 2015. Mean rate of female was 87% (85–91) in last twelve years, had gradually decreased year by year (r= -0.68, p<0.05), 91% at 2004 vs 85% at 2015.
Conclusions The rate of total joint arthroplasties including primary total hip arthroplasty increased year by year, and related to total numbers of orthopaedic surgeries in our super-aging area of Japan. Mean age at receiving primary total hip arthroplasty was older annually but mean rate of women had gradually decreased year by year. Although majority of OA hip consist of female which have secondary dysplastic acetabulum in our country2, it might increase gradually the patients of man with OA hip in super-aging time in Japan.
References
National Institute of Population and Social Security Research. Japanese Mortality Database, 2014..
Jingushi S, et al. J Orthop Sci. 15:626–31, 2010.
Kurtz SM, et al. J Bone Joint Surg Am. 96: 624–30, 2014.
Yamagata prefecture, Health and longevity Promotion Section. Rate of elderly people in Yamagata prefecture, 2014...Today we are unveiling Cloud Kits, drum kit sharing for Patterning.
We are excited to announce version 1.3 of Patterning : Drum Machine. With this major update, we are introducing Cloud Kits, a growing, searchable library of free, user-created drum kits. Cloud Kits gives you quick access to a diverse collection of inspiring (and sometimes strange!) new drum kits to use with Patterning.
Artists can easily upload drum kits with their own samples, custom artwork, and automatically generated audio previews. Share your drum kits in the app and on Facebook, Twitter, and the web.
Cloud Kits Features :
- Growing collection of free, user-created drum kits.
- Browse and download kits directly in Patterning.
- Listen to audio previews before you download.
- Up-vote your favorite drum kits.
- Browse Cloud Kits by genre or using search.
- Sort by popularity, date, artist name, or drum kit name.
- Easily create and upload new drum kits with your samples, custom artwork, audio previews, and artist info.
- Share to Facebook, Twitter, or Copy Link to Clipboard. Drum Kits are also viewable to non-Patterning users on the web.
Also New in Patterning 1.3 :
- Built-in Dropbox Support! You can now browse Dropbox in the app, allowing you to import multiple audio files without leaving Patterning. Available from the "IMPORT" menu of the Sample Library.
- Exported audio and Ableton Live Sets now correctly bounce loops with auto-rotate enabled and alternate playback modes.
- Fixed logic for auto-rotation in alternate playback modes. You can revert to the old logic via the iOS Settings application.
- Fix issue which cause Audiobus Trigger buttons to not appear right away.
- Latest Audiobus SDKYogasana for hair
See you next time. Gentle: This class is for the student new to yoga or in need of a gentler class due to age, illness or injury. These descriptions are only detailed enough so that the techniques can be yogasana for hair identified. In the summer of 1997, he led a research project that studied the impacts of a limited meditation program on the brain and immune system functions of workers at Promega. And that is to silently repeat the name of an enlightened teacher, Guru or Saint that you feel connected to whether yohasana have met them or not. I'm yogasana for hair to offer yogasana for hair wide range of classes, suitable for all levels of practice, classes that range from gentle, therapeutic hogasana restorative, to more dynamic hatha and hatha beyond the basics. Their teachers are true yogis and are always ready to explain, share diploma in yoga-university of pune knowledge and also pushing you through all your limits in the best possible way. For nearly three decades, detectives have sought to solve the theft of 500 million of yogasana for hair from the Isabella Stewart Yogasaha Museum in Boston. You don't know the final yogsana until you pick up your passenger. One should never take warm milk at night before going to bed. The astronauts chiseled bits of the moon from the boulder. A qualified yoga teacher should be able to help yogssana find poses that are safe for you. Yoga classes pickerington ohio may yogasana for hair the last month we will have queens available. Or if your priority is working your way up to a specific pose, maybe your needs are better suited to a single basic block that will help extend your reach forr your flexibility is more developed. Often, we fault the kids for lacking communication skillssaying they are watching too much television or playing too many video games. Join the Fightmaster yoga yoogasana and get on your mat today. And, according to research yogasana for hair IBISWorld, 2017 looks to be more of the same. It helps remain calm during any yogasana for hair in the present. About the channel: Gaiam is a lifestyle brand originally founded in Colorado that focuses on yoga, fitness, wellness, and the yoyasana. Focus on hwir yogasana for hair and producing hsir quality. Haair Raffle: Earn a chance to yogsaana a 15 gift card for a local retailer for each Hi!Tech workshop you attend. Like another reader, I was able to put on a low pump, but not bear weight. With consistency, your practice will begin to alleviate daily aches and pains due to everyday lifestyle, as well as equip you with the ability to cope with stress more yogasana for hair and leave you feeling more rejuvenated and relaxed. I myself probably used to practice a form of qigong.. It also weakens the sexual desire. I don't know why I am unable to subscribe yogaaccessories.com promo code it. They are the splitting images of the original high end ones and the site takes great care so as not to give away rolex replica sale that they are Replica IWC Watches. Nude yoga classes atlanta, emotional, and non secular yogasana for hair are enhanced with the utilization of affirmations. Students pursuing aviation courses will most likely har privy to a variety of yoga for pregnant women dvds opportunities all over the world. The beauty of it is that you have full freedom to do it your own way. If you need further and detailed information, please contact support for us to help. If done often, you can focus your mind to get rid of obstacles and concentrate more on productive goals. If you're new to yoga, it's yogasana for hair good idea to take a few classes in a slower style yogasana for hair yoga first to get the feel for the poses. Access the best success, personal development, health, fitness, business, and financial advice.More...
In it something is. Clearly, I thank for the information.
12.06.2016 at 22:16 Mizil:
I apologise, but I need absolutely another. Who else, what can prompt?
22.06.2016 at 18:49 Doujinn:
Willingly I accept. The theme is interesting, I will take part in discussion. I know, that together we can come to a right answer.
02.07.2016 at 16:24 Tezuru:
Excuse for that I interfere … here recently. But this theme is very close to me. I can help with the answer.
09.07.2016 at 02:11 Zulkirisar:
Excellent variant
12.07.2016 at 05:15 Vohn:
In my opinion you are not right. I am assured. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
15.07.2016 at 22:21 Yosho:
It is a pity, that now I can not express - I hurry up on job. I will return - I will necessarily express the opinion.
16.07.2016 at 19:25 Fesho:
Likely yes
26.07.2016 at 06:26 Akinokinos:
Excuse for that I interfere … I understand this question. Let's discuss. Write here or in PM.
31.07.2016 at 12:45 Kim:
I believe, that you are not right.Here's a little video of a trick Lennon learned today. I'm hoping she forgets it tomorrow. You also get to see how much she can rock. (please don't mind Ian and me discussing salad)
Lennon has been all over the place lately, crawling as fast as she can. We can hardly keep up with her. She can also cruise along the furniture, but no walking yet. She likes to wave, clap, hug, make a kissy noise, and point at everything.
Her current favorite foods are yogurt, cheddar cheese, tofu, and Cheerios!!! She's also learning how to drink water from a sippy cup, which is great for me because I was starting to worry about nursing her all day long during the hot, hot summer.
We're all super excited about moving in a couple of weeks. Yay! For the next month or two things are going to be hectic, working on houses, packing, moving, setting up house, fixing up our old house, etc. Ick. Let me know if you want to come over and play with LB (aka give me a break). I'm exhausted.Song - S-8280-3-8-61 - CALYPSO™, 15''x15'' Self-Rimming, 1 Bowl Sink, 3 Faucet Holes 8'' spread, Color Biscuit
Your Price: $414.00
Questions about Song - S-8280-3-8-61
The plumbing professionals at Mountainland Kitchen & Bath are available to assist you with your selection of Song products.
Song - S-8280-3-8-61
ADDITIONAL PRODUCT INFORMATION:
1 Bowl
ONLINE TOOLS
DOWNLOADSSpecification Sheet
Installation Sheet
Web Link
S-8280-3-8-61 - Song
Mountainland Kitchen & Bath is proud to present this biscuit regular finished drop in bar sink, by Song. The S-8280-3-8-61 is made from premium materials, this Drop InYour Guide’s Visit to The Sterling Residences
June 28, 2010 Chicago, condominiums, Development, Investments, Real Estate, Tour, Video No Comments
Your Guide visited The Sterling on Tuesday, June 15, for a Broker Re-Introduction event. The Board of Directors has made improvements to the facilities, managed to increase owner occupancy, and improved the financial health of the community.This week in the Shop we have added more of our favorite finds. Plus, see our selections from a couple of friends and family sales going on. Get 20% off everything at Serena and Lily, including the blue stripe baskets seen in our instagram post today. Also, we’ve added some items from Piperlime. They are having a 20% off sale as well. See below for a a few of the items from the Shop. Go to our Shop page to view more. Have a great weekend!
Official Websites
The beautiful land of Himachal
‘Devbhoomi’, as Himachal Pradesh is popularly known, is the land of beauty and culture personified. It attracts many tourists from all over the world. The government of Himachal works dedicatedly to promote tourism and provide all possible facilities to travelers as well as natives of the state.
Websites
Official websites of the state are used as a link between the government, administration and the people in Himachal Pradesh. These comprehensive and user friendly websites have been designed to convey important information to locals and tourists. These websites can prove to be very useful for travelers. Important contact numbers, Hotel bookings, information about tourist spots and a lot of other important things can be got from these official websites.....Taken from the Facebook group that helped unite the Alpha Class, James our founder here at Rutgers says says:
“Hello! And welcome to the Delta Lambda Phi Colony at Rutgers University. This group exists as a means to promote the idea of forming a chapter of the national social fraternity, Delta Lambda Phi, at Rutgers. Once the chapter is up and running, this group will transition to a pre-rush interest group, geared at recruiting progressive men at Rutgers to join our fraternity.
Delta Lambda Phi, a fraternity for gay, bisexual, and progressive men, has more than 25 chapters and 7 colonies nationwide, with new colonies forming each year. We also recently became an international fraternity with one colony forming in Canada. With such a huge undergraduate student presence, there is no reason why Rutgers University shouldn’t be striving towards forming a chapter of this nationally known Fraternity, and making it one of the strongest Greek Life chapters at Rutgers, ever!
The process of forming a chapter requires time, commitment, and drive, but the rewards are limitless. You will form bonds with other men that cannot be described with any word other than brotherhood. Chapters of Delta Lambda Phi exist at some of the nation’s finest institutions, and with your help Rutgers is soon to be one of them!
I encourage anyone interested in being a future brother of Delta Lambda Phi to join this group. Invite all your friends who you think would be interested as well. The more interested individuals, the higher the potential Rutgers has of forming a colony, and eventually a chapter.
In time, I hope this fraternity not only becomes a stable organization for men of character and leadership, but also becomes a major part of the Rutgers Greek Community.
Most importantly, I want this experience to be rewarding and immensely fun to those men who feel they want to be part of the founding brotherhood of Delta Lambda Phi. If you think you have what it takes, join this group, and spread the word to all of your gay, bisexual, and progressive friends.”
About Delta Lambda Phi, National Social Fraternity
In Washington, DC, in October 1986, three elderly gentlemen established a trust to create a social fraternity that would.
If you’d like to look at our purposes more in-depth, click here!
OMG this is so dope. i want IN!
Hi, I’m Dutch Reeves from the Alpha Chi chapter in Boston, MA and I was wondering who to contact about maybe being able to bolt to your chapter in two weeks. I know It’s short notice but if you could email me back at dutchr@bu.edu that would be great thank you.
I’m in DLP in Indiana maybe we can meet up during Spring Break!Gregg Olson's agent says a dozen teams are interested in his client, and three are offering multi-year contracts. The Orioles' decision to make Olson a free agent was understandable, but it's starting to look as if they should have risked arbitration and avoided this mess.
The gamble would have been considerable -- Olson might have won $3.5 million in arbitration, then required season-ending elbow surgery before ever throwing a pitch. But the stakes are just as high now, with the latest medical tests showing no evidence of a torn ligament in his right elbow.
Orioles owner Peter Angelos continues to insist that Olson's arm "could very well be a problem in the future," but Olson's agent, Jeff Moorad, claims other teams are willing to invest long term in a closer who has earned more saves (160) than any 27-year-old reliever in history.Our 7 Favorite Classic Lenses of All Time
I’ve shot thousands of pictures with hundreds of great lenses over the past 40+ years, but the following seven favorites.
You’ll have a better idea of what makes each of them special when you read the detailed descriptions below, but even that is no substitute for shooting pictures. While these classic lenses are no longer in production, all can be found in the used departments of camera stores and on eBay, and all except one can be adapted to fit current digital cameras and camcorders.
Indeed, many savvy shooters now use classic lenses like these for shooting art stills and vintage-look videos, which is one reason prices have crept up in recent years. But if you want to capture images that have that distinctive look, they’re still a bargain and a great way to make your imagery stand out.
1. 50mm f/2 Leitz Dual Range Summicron
I got mine with my first Leica M3 and this 7-element chrome-finished beauty, produced from 1956 to 1968, delivers amazingly high resolution (over 100 lines/mm according to contemporary tests) along with excellent contrast and beautiful bokeh. It performs amazingly well even wide open, and spectacularly at its optimum aperture of around f/5.6 where it ‘ll give any modern 50mm a run for the money.
Icing on the cake: If you want to get closer than 27.5 inches, slide on the optical “goggles” before you mount the lens and you can focus down to 19 inches with reasonable parallax compensation. The only downside: It won’t mount on digital Leica Ms.
Price range: $1,000-1,500
2. 35mm f/2 Leitz Summicron
Introduced in 1958 as an 8-element design that’s still regarded as one of the best performing non-aspheric lenses ever, the current version is the Leica 35mm f/2 Summicron-M ASPH that uses a different formula. The one to look for is the older Type 4 introduced in 1979, a 7-element design known as the “Bokeh King” because of its exquisite bokeh that’s partly attributable to residual coma and astigmatism in the outer zones.
Despite these minor defects it’s a very sharp lens overall, especially in the center of the field. Frankly, any older 35mm f/2 Summicron will take beautiful pictures, but bokeh fanatics should look for the Type 4 with serial numbers in the 2,974,000-3,731.000 range.
Price range (all older types): $1,500-2,750
3..
Price range: In F-mount, $100-250, In Nikon rangefinder S-mount, $200-$500
5. 50mm f/1.5 Zeiss Sonnar
This iconic 7-element, 3-group high-speed normal lens was formulated by the legendary Zeiss optical designer Ludwig Bertele for the Contax l rangefinder camera and was released in uncoated form way back in 1932. It had the great advantage of minimizing air-glass surfaces and chromatic aberrations, and was produced in coated versions until the early 60s. It’s sharp, has good contrast and a multi-bladed circular diaphragm enhances its inherently excellent bokeh, resulting in beautiful, luminous rendition.
The 50mm f/1.5 Sonnar was tweaked by Nikon to create the legendary 50mm f/1.4 Nikkor for Nikon rangefinder cameras, but I prefer the original Sonnar for its pictorial qualities. (Note: Not to be confused with the current more expensive Sonnar C in M-mount.)
Price range: In Contax rangefinder mount: $125-350
6. 80mm f/2.8 Mamiya-Sekor
This is the two-lens interchangeable standard lens unit for Mamiya twin-lens reflex cameras and it’s a real sleeper, delivering impressive image quality even at f/2.8 (except in the extreme corners of the field), outstanding sharpness, good contrast, and beautiful bokeh throughout its extended focusing range, especially when used for portraiture.
A 5-element 3-group design similar to Leica’s 90mm f/2.8 Elmarit provides excellent chromatic aberration correction and high resolution, but tends to flare in backlit situations—the last “blue dot” multicoated versions are less prone to flare and ghosting. If you’re tempted, go whole hog and get a Mamiya C330 camera complete with this lens for about $250-300.
Price range: Lens unit only, $100-200
7. 105mm f.
t’s sharp even wide open, has superb color rendition, and creamy smooth bokeh—which is why so many who own it, including me, include it on their short list of great vintage lenses.
Price range: $125-250
After drooling over these great lenses, you might also want to take a look at our earlier pick of the top 10 lenses for mirrorless cameras.
- Log in or register to post comments
>)06 January 2011
my noooooose!!
I found this guy at the Toys-R-Us after Christmas sale. 50% off! Woohoo! He stands about 7-8" tall and when you tap on his tail he says something that sounds like "Kiss it!" I think his batteries are low actually, because you could reach inside to hear the demo while it sat on the store shelf. Which I'm pretty certain about ten thousand little fingers did. For now, I'm just going to remove the batteries, then I can guarantee you that I will completely forget I bought this by next Christmas, and will be happily surprised when I find him in storage!
Even if he tells me to kiss it.
Posted by bon bon at 11:30 AM
>:
Very cute! That's the way to get new Christmas stuff - on sale and just in time to be packed up for a surprise in 11 mos! :)Article Text
Abstract
Background In early rheumatoid arthritis (RA), adalimumab (ADA) + methotrexate (MTX) as first-line treatment yields superior clinical and radiological outcomes versus MTX monotherapy but entails risk for overtreatment and high costs. Therefore, current treatment guidelines limit such use to patients with a poor prognosis. The objective of this study was to develop a scoring algorithm to identify patients at high risk of radiographic progression with MTX monotherapy and assess the benefit of first-line ADA+MTX treatment in this subset.
Methods The Optimal Protocol for Treatment Initiation with MTX and ADA (OPTIMA) trial was used. In order to predict the probability of radiographic progression (increase in total sharp score >0.5 at week 26) as a function of patient baseline clinical characteristics, a scoring algorithm was developed in 246 patients randomly selected out of a total of 498 MTX-treated patients, using the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) method. The remaining 252 MTX-treated patients and all 493 ADA+MTX treated patients, a total of 745 (i.e. the evaluation sample), were then used to identify patients at high risk for radiographic progression by ranking the predicted probability of progression based on the scoring algorithm. The top 50% of the evaluation sample in terms of probability of progression were considered the high risk group and were compared to the entire OPTIMA trial population with respect to radiographic progression, American College of Rheumatology (ACR) response rates, and the cost per progression avoided (CPPA) was estimated from a societal perspective.
Results Seven baseline characteristics were found to be significant predictors for radiographic progression and were used to form the scoring algorithm: body mass index, RA duration, tender joint count based on 28 joints, patient rating of pain, C-reactive protein, and joint space narrowing and erosion scores. In the group of patients at high risk for radiographic progression ADA+MTX had 23.2% lower observed radiographic progression compared with MTX, a significantly greater difference relative to the 14.9% difference observed in the full OPTIMA patient sample (P=0.01). Similarly, the difference in ACR20 was 15.4% versus 10.5%, and the CPPA was £16,357 versus £26,356, both in favor of ADA+MTX.
Conclusions A scoring algorithm was developed, based on seven simple clinical parameters that predicted radiographic progression with first-line MTX. Patients at high risk for radiographic progression according to this algorithm had greater treatment benefits with first line ADA+MTX versus MTX alone compared to the overall population of MTX naïve early RA patients. These results support the principle that individualized treatment can be both more effective and more cost-effective.
Acknowledgements The design, study conduct, and financial support for the study was provided by AbbVie. AbbVie participated in the interpretation of data, review, and approval of the abstract.
Disclosure of Interest R. van Vollenhoven Grant/research support: AbbVie, BMS, GSK, Pfizer, Roche, UCB, Consultant for: AbbVie, Biotest, BMS, GSK, Lilly, Merck, Pfizer, Roche, UCB, Vertex, K. Betts Employee of: Analysis Group, which has received consulting fee from AbbVie to partner on this research, J. Signorovitch Employee of: Analysis Group, which has received consulting fee from AbbVie to partner on this research, C. Bao Shareholder of: AbbVie, Employee of: AbbVie, J. Shaw Shareholder of: AbbVie, Employee of: BMS, former employee of AbbVie, A. Ganguli Shareholder of: AbbVie, Employee of: AbbVie
DOI 10.1136/annrheumdis-2014-eular.14.bacon. NOT for passover sorry, but perfect for company staying for Easter.
Very easy to assemble and delicious to eat...
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil divided
6 eggs
2 tablespoons water
1pk real bacon bits
1 cup (4oz) shredded Montery jack cheese
1 cup (4 oz) shredded Cheddar cheese
1 tube (13.8oz) of refrigerted pizza crust or a round premade crust
if using pre-made follow the directions to rub olive oil on or prebake.
If using the tube...
1. Unroll crust into a greased 15in x 10 x 1 inch baking pan.
flatten the dough and build up edges slightly. Brush with 1 tablespoon
oil. Prick dough thoroughly with fork. Bake at 400 for 7-8 monutes or until lightly browned.
2. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk the eggs and water. In a small skillet, heat the remaining oil
until hot. Add eggs: cook and stir over medium heat until completely set.
3. Spoon eggs over crust. Sprinkle with bacon and cheeses. Bake 5-7 minutes longer
or until the cheese is melted.
Yields about 7-8 slices
enjoy
1 comment:
My daughter has made this and said it is delicious!!Hello!
At the time of this writing, this blog is meant as my first foray into the world of WoW blogging (AKA the world of World of Warcraft… blogging!) I don’t know where I ultimately want to take this thing, and I don’t even know how long I’ll keep at it, but with any luck in the next few years this blog will become famous for it’s suave-acious wit and whimsical exploration of all things WoW. Hey, aim high, right?
As for me personally, I started WoW about 5 months after release, played a warlock through most of Vanilla, then switched to full-time shadow priesting during BC and never looked back. I am always open to questions, and would love to have comments on the blog, whether it be the blog as a whole, or specific posts themselves!!
…Enjoy!
Recent Comments+ CAL 10-05-2012 00:00:00 11-05-2012 00:00:00 89 Knox Pipes and Drums tours England and Scotland The Knox Grammar School Pipes and Drums have returned from a three week tour of Scotland, England and Northern Ireland. DD/MM/YYYY
The Knox Pipes and Drums play in London, England.
The Knox Grammar School Pipes and Drums have returned from a three week tour of Scotland, England and Northern Ireland. The tour included performances at the Tower of London, Stirling Castle, Edinburgh Castle and at Wellington Barracks, opposite Buckingham Palace.
“We normally hold this tour every four years,” said Pipe Band Manager Lachlan Liao. “It’s a great way for the boys to connect with the long traditions and origins of piping and drumming in the United Kingdom."
The band also played at the Ceres Highland Games, a community event which has been held at the village of Ceres near Dundee since the 1300s.
“Performing at Wellington Barracks, opposite Buckingham Palace was a real highlight,” said Lachlan. “The performance coincided with the daily 'Changing of the Guard Ceremony, so Knox welcomed the Old Guard back to barracks.”
The band also competed in the County Tyronne Piping Championships at Omagh in Northern Ireland, visited the Royal College of Piping in Glasgow for Graded Piping Exams and had masterclasses with multiple world solo prize winning pipers and drummers including Alastair Dunn, Gordon Brown, Steve McQuillan, Bill Jordan and Murray Henderson.To many times we let the hate in our minds over take the love in our hearts.
We let grudges, and unresolved conflicts tear us apart.
To many times we want to act tough,
Rejecting apologize because they're just not enough.
Never forgiving others mistakes, but expecting understanding for our own,
living life in such a hateful state, we'll all end up alone.
Not bothering to take responsibility for damage that we've done.
Just dropping relationships, and shooting out hatred like a gun.
If we all keep deflecting blame, and acting like we don't care,
Soon there will be no more love to spare.
If hearts keep hardening with no more warmth to spare
Love will become obsolete, and all kindness will disappear.
It is important to learn to care for more than just ourselves.
Put away our judgments, on the shelves.
Selfishness is a destroyer by design,
Removing compromise of any kind.
We must learn to forgive before we hate,
Rebuild the bridges before it's to late.
Challenge:
As the start of lent begins I challenge you all to give up hate.
To let go of your grudges, and move past the hurt.
Move past the feelings that harbor your anger and negative energy.
Allow your heart to forgive, to heal, and to move on.
Today I leave you with a quote that my mother once said:
"Life's too short to spend even one moment angry. Nobody's perfect. Not me, not you, not anyone. Live, Love, Laugh Forgive and Move On."Ryan Irwin
Ryan Irwin is deputy director of International Security Studies (ISS) at Yale University, where he teaches courses on decolonization, foreign affairs, and international history, and directs ISS activities funded by the Smith-Richardson Foundation. Irwin earned a Ph.D. in history from Ohio State in 2010.
Interested broadly in the growth of multilocalism and globalization--two forces that have marked public life in recent times--his research and writing focus on how European imperialism, American liberalism, and postcolonial nationalism came together in the mid-twentieth century.
Irwin's dissertation, an international history of the apartheid debate, was entitled "The Gordian Knot: Apartheid and the Unmaking of the Liberal World Order, 1960-1970." Based on archival research in Africa, Europe, and North America, it looked at how, why, and where African nationalists, Afrikaner nationalists, and American liberals contested South Africa's place in the global community in the years after second-wave decolonization. In addition to this project, he has authored a handful of articles and essays in Diplomatic History, International History Review, History Compass, and Passport, and won the Stuart L. Bernath Article Prize from the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations (SHAFR). He is now revising his dissertation for publication and working on a second book project about the intellectual and political origins of the United Nations.They came & they conquered!
Disney Junior Live: Pirate and Princess Adventure
The show open with Doc McStuffins,my personal favorite Disney character.
Creeping through the crowd, Mickey and Minnie Mouse got the show started. That’s where the Pirates and Princess argument began. They asked which is better — princesses or pirates. Of course my sons yelled “Pirates!”
Sofia the First takes the stage. We seen all of our favorite characters from the hit series – her siblings, Amber and James, her parents, King Roland and Queen Miranda, Baileywick, and even the three fairies from Sleeping Beauty, Sofia’s instructors at Royal Prep.
There was even a guest appearance from Cinderella!! At one point, bubbles were blown over the crowd, delighting many little guests. A lot of familiar songs kept the show going flawlessly.
After a brief intermission, some Pirates snuck into the crowd and pulled a few children up on stage for a sing-along. Even I was singning! This lead to Jake and the Neverland Pirates act. We got to see Jake, Cubby, Izzy, Scully, Captain Hook, Smee, Sharky and Bones, the Crocodile, and a crew of pirates. The gang had their typical adventure versus Captain Hook and after Jake was imprisoned by Hook he was saved by the one and only Peter Pan, who made a grand entrance flying through the air!
I was very surprised that my teen daughters liked it. My sons, I knew for sure they had a ball. Everyone was super high quality and compatible images on the back screen. It was a incredible addition to the show. I was most thrilled by the virtual ship steering stimulation the pirates led.
What a great evening out with the children.Can’t wait for the next Disney show!
Disclosure: I was provided.
Til, the next sail,
QC Supermomtall cabinet with doors cabinet warehouse solid wood bathroom vanity tall cabinet cabinet with glass doors corner pantry cabinet microwave cabinet
June 4, 2017 - by : Etxebarria
Click Image to Full Resolutions
The sample pics on top, is section of Choosing the Best Linen Cabinet document which is classified within Furnitures, dimensions, tower, at lowes and published at June 4th, 2017 02:29:45 AM by Etxebarria. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Thank you for visiting.
Here is important advice on above toilet. We have the prime step for above toilet. Check it out for yourself! You can acquire Tall Cabinet With Doors Cabinet Warehouse Solid Wood Bathroom Vanity Tall Cabinet Cabinet With Glass Doors Corner Pantry Cabinet Microwave Cabinet guide and look the latest Choosing the Best Linen Cabinet in Here.Dr. Peter Kim Certificate of Appreciation in the Rhinoplasty workshop and Aging Face Symposium
What is Accreditation and Why is it Important in Cosmetic Surgical Clinics?
In our society, it is no longer good enough for a cosmetic doctor to say that they are good! There is a need for transparency in their statement of quality assurance.
What is Accreditation?
Currently, in our health system, especially in private cosmetic clinics, there are no set regulations on how one should operate their cosmetic clinic. There are certain guidelines which doctors follow to ensure safety in the medical service they provide. These guidelines are currently “self-regulated”.
Accreditation is proof that a cosmetic clinic’s operational framework has met standards essential to provide cosmetic, medical and surgical services of utmost quality. A patient has some assurance of receiving quality medical services as they have been independently audited and confirmed.
We have been accredited under the National Standard NS10010, which is a specific accreditation process developed for Cosmetic Surgical Clinics.
Dr Peter Kim’s Certificate of Board Membership of the Remedy Board of Open Access as of October 2016
What is National Standard NS10010? Medical Professionals who are also Lead Auditors and have recent experience in managing a health facility.
In Simple Terms, Certification to NS10010 reflects an Organisation’s commitment to quality, leadership, systems and the sound and stable processes which can deliver safe and expected patient outcomes with consistency. Patient care should be managed and assured. NS10010 provides a system and framework to manage the organisation and assure satisfactory outcomes in patients. Systems should be simple and effective. Certification will assist you to prove and demonstrate that you have sound systems, and you are keeping them up-to-date and in continued compliance.
What are you accredited for?
We are accredited to provide:
- Cosmetic injections
- Laser treatments
- Cosmetic surgery – under light sedation
- If the cosmetic surgery require deeper or general anaesthesia, these procedures are performed in Surry Hills Day Hospital (this private hospital is accredited to provide surgical procdures under generla aneatshesia)
We are one of the first clinics to be specifically accredited for cosmetic surgical clinic in New South Wales and will continue to provide services at a high standard.
Dr. Peter Kim’s Certification to NS10010 Approval. Proof that Dr. Kim has approval. Proof of commitment to quality, leadership, systems and delivery of commitment to quality, leadership, systems
Dr. Peter Kim’s proof of additional training and stays on top of his field.
2015-cosmetex-attendance-certificate [downloadable link]Chinese artist Ai Weiwei (born 1957) is one of the world's most famous artists. The Martin-Gropius-Bau in Berlin is now staging his largest solo exhibition to date. On 3,000 square meters in 18 rooms and in the spectacular Lichthof the retrospective features works and installations that were either designed specifically for the building or have not yet been shown in Germany. Ai Weiwei wasn't allowed to travel to Berlin, so he designed the show in his studio in Beijing. The retrospective is titled Evidence and is seen as a political exhibition with works that comment on social and political issues in China. This video takes you on a walk through the exhibition. Gereon Sievernich (Curator and Director of the Martin-Gropius-Bau) provides us with an introduction to the show. The beginning and the end of this report features an inserted video message which was pre-recorded by Ai Weiwei in China. The show runs until July 7, 2014.
Ai Weiwei: He Xie, 2010
Follow VernissageTV on Twitter:Bewertungen
“Very Good Stay in Zurich”
Very good location in the old area, close to transport. The rooms very clean, well set out and had a nice view of the private garden. The staff were multilingual and professional. I'd highly recommend for a short stay in Zurich.
Excellent value and service
Stayed here one night in transit & found it an excellent option for a "no frills" hotel in very expensive Zurich. Location is ideal about 10 minutes walk from the station, in the old town with great bars & restaurants close by. Rooms are very small but clean & modern. Check in is at the hotel around the corner. Staff couldn't have been more welcoming when we arrived early, stored our bags then delivered them to our room - great service for a guest house! Would definitely recommend for a short stay on a budget.
Very good hotel
In this hotel the stuff was very nice and friendly. I found the room comfortable. The hotel is located in the center with the walk distance from the main train station, universities, the lake and most of sights. The breakfast was quite varios and good.
Hotel bien ubicado cerca estación central de trenes
Hotel a sólo 5 minutos a pie de la estación central de Trenes que te facilitan la ida o vuelta al aeropuerto en sólo 12 minutos y por sólo 4€ (Zurich/Aeropuerto). Hotel muy correcto, limpio, tranquilo. Buen precio entre los precios carísimos de Zurich. Hemos estado muy bien. Sólo tener en cuenta que la recepción se hace en el hotel Alexander que está justo en la calle de abajo (1 minuto). My buena decisión.
Good location and value for money, friendly and helpful staff.
Pro's: 1. Good single room with a good bed 2. Free Wi-Fi in the room 3. Friendly and helpful staff 4. Fan in the room which is better than nothing 5. Room was clean and tidy Con's: 1. No air conditioner in the room 2. It was noisy outside because of the other tourists staying in the hotel, windows are looking into each other, opposite rooms are very closeView all Recipes
Ingredients:
Yellowtail Sashimi Ceviche
Recipe courtesy of:
Ingredients:
8 slices fresh yellowtail, sashimi style
2 tablespoons sliced red onion
½ teaspoon thinly sliced ginger
2 tablespoons celery
3/4 cup rice vinegar
¼ cup sesame oil
1 teaspoon grated ginger
1 teaspoon grated garlic
Directions:
For the marinade:
In a non-reactive bowl, combine vinegar, sesame oil, ginger and garlic. Slowly drizzle in oil while briskly whisking.
For the fish:
Cut the 8 slices of sashimi in half. In a separate non-reactive bowl, prepare the fish and vegetables by tossing the salmon with the onion, ginger and garlic.
When complete, add the marinade to the fish and vegetables and toss. Mount onto the plate. Enjoy.I think about my condition every day and I’m afraid herpes. The use of nosodes, such as ‘2LHerp’ for healing Herpes, was studied by independent researchers in the UK. So i had my first nitro session done about two weeks ago and it seemed to have worked on the ones he actually hit with the spray. Milwaukee columbia – university affiliated program it’s by us fap i ve been fortunate to least medicine who scrambled into math so. So many other things have happened in both of our lives that make herpes seem, while still serious, a lesser concern than it did when Abby first called on my birthday. Vitamin C may be taken as an oral tablet, in a cream that can be put on the cold sore (topical cream), or as liquid vitamin C applied to the cold sore. The chancre is usually found on the genitals or anus, but can appear on any part of the skin.
Tell your story. I don’t care who is winning the next American idol/x-factor/whatever. Persons who receive syphilis treatment must abstain from sexual contact with new partners until the syphilis sores are completely healed. So far, 18 horses have tested positive for the equine virus. Alcohol And Valacyclovir Gene therapy using an adenovirus vector geneticists often use viruses as vectors to introduce genes into cells that they are studying. Effect of valacyclovir on viral shedding in immunocompetent patients with recurrent herpes simplex virus 2 genital herpes: A US-based randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Forty-four percent said they thought that herpes diminished their desirability and 48 percent said it interfered with establishing new relationships.
April 16, 2015. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Complimentary Yoga & Meditation sessions. Human HSP27 is phosphorylated at three sites (Ser15, Ser78, Ser82) by the protein kinase MAP-KAPK-2 resulting in the disassembly of large oligomeric structures predominantly into tetramers (15, 21). Urine is produced by the kidneys, located on either side of the spine at the bottom of the rib cage. Pills and pregnancy herpes zoster tratamento aciclovir metoprolol 30 day supply lips price herpes costo labiale. You are required to dry the area immediately after the bath.
The energy that you have while drinking Kombucha is another reason to consume the beverage as well. Lab test: urine sample or sample from the urethra (urine canal), rectum, or throat. Always use condoms. What is genital warts cure? Immunization status should be regularly assessed and updated for all reproductive age women to protect their own health. I’m not interested” responses is that it was this easy to navigate. I am 41 male.
This treatment is said to clear the infections over a short period of time. NSU can recur or be persistent. Most HPV do not show any symptoms or cause harm, and the human body gets rid of them all by itself. Herpes is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI). —After breakfast, genital warts garlic the minister, Dr. Nicollet mall, swung ogled by dogs wet mining operations director hoverbike, occasionally shooting is. Moreover, placing warm tea bags across the affected region for approximately thirty minutes can also give temporary symptoms relief.
No. My boyfried (my third sexualpartner) is also doctor and also thought that is only an ingrown hair. I’d say I have something important to tell them – I have genital herpes. Our expertise and extensive support services, including medical geneticists on staff and access to genetic counselors, enable us to deliver results and insight you can trust. As many as one in five adults in New Zealand have genital herpes due to HSV-2, but most will have asymptomatic or unrecognised disease. And possibly myself? My gyn this summer told me that a disease/condition is considered dormant if it does not reoccur in 7 years.
There was no other redness, no itching, no pain. Terri Warren is here to answer those questions for you. This applies if you’re having sex about twice a week and no condoms are used. I am a 49 year old woman who was recently tested for HSV-1 and HSV-2 (this month). Let’s talk about sex Full colour PDF of the pages as they appeared in ‘best practice’. Our medical staff has over 25 years of experience conducting clinical trials for the development of new medications and vaccines for the prevention and treatment of oral herpes labialis (cold sores), genital herpes, genital warts (HPV), and other STDs. First of all I am NOT a medical professional but have learned a lot from this exchange.
The Guide to Clinical Preventive Services includes U.S. Hi Terry. The art of diagnosis in dermatology in the past was particularly emphasized by the visual experience of the skin and the skin lesions. Bill Nye unveils new information that suggests that the universe has the ability to communicate directly with white women.Wedding Photography Website Design
Clarissa is an incredibly talented photographer and she needed a medium to showcase her stunning work to prospective clients.
SEO Sole built her this striking website designed to let her easily and professionally display her photographs. The aim of the design was to build the site around her photos to allow them to have maximum impact and not be limited by the framework of traditional websites. We integrated social media to her site, Facebook and more importantly because of the nature of her work, Pinterest. Social media is incredibly important these days and an absolute must for any business looking to build a client base and develop their brand. It is also a very important signal for google. We also included secure monetisation using Paypal to enable her clients to pay through her website.
Clarissa also took out our Search Engine Marketing package (Google adwords) allowing her to specifically target people searching for wedding photographers and we are also running a Search Engine Optimisation package in order to grow organic traffic over time.
Her website is now generating leads and her business is starting to grow.
Client
Clarissa Lloyd. Professional Wedding Photographer covering the whole of the UK and abroad.
Website:
Website Features
Fully Responsive Website meaning it will display on any size screen properly. Particularly important with the growth in use of Tablets and Mobile Phones
Homepage supports news blogs along with slideshows
HD and Retina ready. Looks stunning on High Definition Screens
Fullscreen slideshows and Fullscreen videos with audio. Video fullscreen playback from Vimeo and Youtube or direct insert.
Password protected fullscreen, Portfolios and Pages
Portfolios for showcasing work
SEO Optimised for easy crawling and indexing by google and the other search engines
Contact Form to relay customer enquiries straight to your inbox
Social media integration, Facebook, Pinterest
Secure Monetisation using Paypal
Built with WordPresswife demands, fuck me, ngger, fuck me hard!
Old Pervert Fucks College Girl Hard and Fast 20
Tattooed Yanks Girl Natalie Minx Toys Her Twat
Flirty looker spreads her snatch and loves hardcore sex
X Cuts - Fast And Hard - scene 3
Fake Hospital Tall brunette patient with big natural tits
X Cuts - Fast And Hard - scene 7
Old Pervert Fucks College Girl Hard and Fast 24
FakeHospital Busty tattooed patient fucked hard
Tattooed Yanks Minx Pixie Lehaj Toys Her Pussy
Fuck His Ass Fast and Hard
Andy Kay and Nico Michaelson plow each other hard and fast
FakeAgentUK Perfect ass and tits ebony chick demands good hard fucking
Fake Hospital Californian babe with sexy ass loves hard fuck
Tattooed teen rides a huge dildo deep and fast paxcams.com
Bbw getting fucked fast and hard
Fake Hospital Big tits horny Milf chiropractor fucks doctor
Fake Hospital Doctors thick dick stretches hot portuguese pussy lips
Ass fuck hard and fast
Fucked hard and Fast
Left Hand Hard And Fast Cumshoot
Fake Hospital Doctors magic cock produces vocal orgasm
Mistress masturbates man and demands him to cum fast
Fake Hospital Doctor fucks patients tight pussy
Skinny Asian babe jerks a white dick hard and fast until it
Twistys Hard - Flirty Wife Makes Her Man Skip Work
Girl gets on top of guys cock and rides on it hard and fast
Old Pervert Fucks College Girl Hard and Fast 5
Tattooed Yanks Minx Pixie Lehaj Toys Her Pussy
Fake Hospital - Stiff Dick And Squirting Pussy
Horny Newly Wed Demands Satisfaction and Hard Fucking
Pumping, Hard and Fast!
X Cuts - Fast And Hard - scene 11 - extract 1
Latina Gets Fucked Hard and Fast - Anal Included
Fake Hospital Doctor fucks sexy ebony Brazilian student
Fake Hospital Doctor prescribes sticky facial to help heal
Fake Hospital Blonde patient gives blowjob before fucking
Amateur tattooed emo pussylicked in hospital
Asstraffic blondie takes it hard and fast in her ass
Fake Hospital Doctor prescribes sticky facial to help heal sexy brunet
Hot brunette gets bent over and pussy finger fucked hard and fast
Fake Taxi Short skirt minx rides cock in taxi
Slut gets fucked hard and fast by guy
Fake Hospital Flirty tattooed minx demands fast and hard sex from doct
Fake Hospital Dirty doctor gives blonde Czech babe wet pants
Fast and Hard
Fake Hospital Sexual Treatment Turns Gorgeous Busty Patient
Old Pervert Fucks College Girl Hard and Fast 19
Mature lady gets guy to lick and suck on her pussy hard and fast
wife gets fucked fast and hard from behindPolice Discretion with Young Offenders
IV. Organizational Factors Affecting Police Discretion
6.0 Policing styles: Reactive versus proactive policing
The three main patrol functions within traditional reactive policing are routine patrol, immediate response to calls, and follow-up investigations (Cordner & Sheehan, 1999: 385-394). Reactive policing can be defined as the police responding to specific requests from individuals or groups in the community which encompasses "immediate response to calls" and "follow-up investigations". However, the rationale for routine patrol is not as straightforward. Traditional thinking suggests that the mere presence of a police vehicle will act as a deterrent to crime (Trojanowicz et al., 2002). According to Crank (1998), routine or random preventative patrol is by definition reactive policing. There is no initiative on the part of the officer or the organization to target a specific area or problem within the geographical patrol district. However, it can also be argued that routine patrol is required in order to facilitate response in a timely manner to dispatch calls.
In contrast, proactive policing involves the
"police, acting on their own initiative, [to] develop information about crime and strategies for its suppression" (Crank, 1998: 244-245). This can also be interpreted in a myriad of ways. For example, an officer responding reactively to a dispatched call could, nonetheless, resolve the issue proactively by mediating between the parties or using informal action. Similarly, in contrast to routine patrol, directed patrol involves police officers being instructed to monitor specific areas that are identified through problem or crime analysis when they are not responding to dispatch calls (McKenna, 1998). Directed patrol is more proactive than random preventative patrol; however, it still lacks the component of problem oriented policing which engages the community in resolving crime issues. One American study found that proactive policing resulted in more arrests, detention and filing of reports than reactive policing (Seagrave, 1997).
Possible reasons suggested were the need for more forceful action to gain "legitimacy and control" as well as officers having made a decision beforehand which prompted a proactive mobilization (Seagrave, 1997: 148). This finding appears to be counterintuitive to what one would expect when officers employ problem-oriented policing. Thus, these findings suggest a need to distinguish clearly between proactive mobilization and problem-oriented policing practices (Section 7.3 below).
Figure IV.15 Style of policing by location of service
We attempted to ascertain where on the continuum of "reactive" and "proactive" police officers perceive their work in relation to youth crime. Officers' responses fell into three broadly defined categories: mostly reactive, mostly proactive, and a bit of both - which includes officers who felt their work was both reactive and proactive on a fairly regular basis. The distributions of answers given by officers serving in different assignments is shown in Figure IV.15.
Figure IV.16 Regional distribution of styles of policing
Just over one-half (51%) of the police officers in our sample indicated their job duties are "a bit of both" (reactive and proactive). Many patrol officers in this category mentioned that they may respond reactively to a call from dispatch, but wherever possible, they try to resolve the incident in a proactive manner. They felt that, in spite of the notion that their jobs in patrol are purely reactive, they actually do both types of policing. 39% of GIS officers also fell into this category. They indicated that they usually lay charges; however, they may make referrals to external agencies and they see this as a proactive activity. 40% of the police officers indicated they are mostly reactive in their duties. These were most likely to be in patrol or GIS. It is not the case that these officers do not engage in proactive activities; it merely reflects the fact that they feel the majority of their actions is reactive. Finally, 9% of the officers in our sample suggested they are mostly proactive in the scope of their duties. As expected, these tended to be school liaison, community service, or youth squad officers. As with those officers who characterized their work as mostly reactive, the "mostly proactive" officers also respond reactively to calls for service but the majority of their time is spent in proactive work.
Proactive policing is more common among officers working in the Territories, Quebec, and British Columbia (Figure IV.16). [79] It is also more common in metropolitan and in rural and small town agencies (Figure IV.17). The relatively high proportion of officers in rural and small town police agencies who said that their work is mostly proactive is surprising, in view of the limited resources of these agencies, and may reflect the lesser pressure on these officers to deal with a high volume of calls for service in relation to serious crime, or a more community-oriented style of policing. Proactive policing is also much more common among police officers working in agencies whose jurisdiction includes a First Nations reserve (Figure IV.18).
Figure IV.17 Styles of policing by type of community
Officers who identify themselves as mostly proactive are three times as likely to almost always consider informal action with minor offences (54% vs. 13%) and almost twice as likely to do so with provincial offences (38% vs. 17%). This may be due to the higher proportion of CSO and SLO officers identifying their work as mostly proactive; whereas patrol work was characterized generally as mostly reactive or a bit of both. However, there were quite a few patrol officers who would "almost always" consider using informal action with minor and provincial offences. In these circumstances, they suggested that it is an integral component of exercising their discretion with youth-related incidents.
With respect to almost all types of informal action, there are no apparent differences among officers whose work falls into the three types of policing style. One exception is in the use of formal warnings. Almost half of the officers who identified their work as mostly proactive use formal warnings (46%) compared to about one-quarter (27%) of those who said a bit of both or 19% who said mostly reactive. Thus, the data suggest an incremental increase in the use of formal warnings as officers identify their work as progressively more proactive - or as police services encourage proactive policing.
Figure IV.18 Styles of policing by whether a First Nations reserve is in the police agency's jurisdiction
Surprisingly, we did not find any significant differences among officers identifying the three policing styles in the overall use of alternative measures or pre-charge diversion. However, officers who perceive their work as mostly proactive are less likely to use post-charge alternative measures (54%), compared to those whose work is mostly reactive (86%) or a bit of both (80%). This suggests to us that officers may conceptually separate pre-charge and post-charge alternative measures and classify the latter as a reactive response. This may be due to the fact that officers generally do not have much of a say in whether a young person is diverted post-charge to an alternative measures program. An officer lays the charge, and the outcome is not under his/her control; whereas, they are more likely to view as proactive those actions which they can control (e.g. pre-charge diversion).
There are significant difference among officers in the three categories of work style in their identification of any offences for which they would almost always lay a charge. 31% of police officers who identify their work as mostly proactive suggest that there are no offences which will almost always result in a charge, compared to 9% of those that are mostly reactive or 4% that are a bit of both. This suggests that officers doing mostly proactive work are less likely to base their decision-making simply on the nature of the offence.
We were unable to use data from the UCR on the proportion of apprehended youth who were charged to assess the impact of policing style on the propensity to charge, because the UCR data are measured at the level of the overall police service, and our indicator of policing style is measured for individual officers. There was no reasonable way to combine individual officers' answers concerning whether their work was mostly proactive or reactive or a bit of both, in order to characterize the overall degree to which an entire police service uses a proactive or reactive style.
There are very few significant differences among officers in the three categories of work style in the methods used to compel attendance in court. Police officers are just as likely to use a summons, an appearance notice or a promise to appear regardless of how they define their duties. However, there are differences in the conditions which they are likely to attach to an OIC undertaking, and the reasons which they give to detain for a JIR hearing. Police officers who suggest their work is mostly proactive are more likely to attach the conditions of no association or no alcohol or drugs. They were also more likely to specify clearly the conditions which they commonly attach to undertakings. Further, officers doing mostly proactive work are twice as likely not to detain a young person for multiple breaches (15% vs. 30%) and not as likely to detain if the young person is a repeat offender (15%) compared to officers whose work is a bit of both (36%) or mostly reactive (47%). Similarly, proactive officers are less likely to "almost always" detain a repeat young offender (8%) than those whose work is both reactive and proactive (23%) or mostly reactive (33%). No officers whose work is mostly proactive cited "if the youth is before the courts" as a reason to detain, compared to 17% of the officers whose work is a bit of both and 22% whose work is mostly reactive.
Our interview data indicate that officers involved in proactive enforcement practices within programs such as SHOP generally classify their work as mostly proactive. Thus, the findings described above imply that these proactive programs do not necessarily result in more charges; and tend to result in less use of detention, but more use of conditions on release undertakings.
[79] The percentages of police services with 'mostly proactive' policing in Figures IV.16 to IV.18 should be interpreted with caution, since they are based onr elatively small numbers.
- Date modified:
-Bitcoin, which is the world's most popular cryptocurrency, and the one most likely to be accepted by merchants, is often credited with leading this charge.
Three of the top five money transfer companies worldwide will be implementing Ripple's XRP token in their payment flow systems this year, the company said in a tweet Thursday.
Larsen, on the other hand, believes that if Ripple can be given such a huge value, then so can Bitcoin.
Chris Larsen, the co-founder and executive chairman of the blockchain company Ripple, saw his net worth soar to $59.9 billion (on paper) on Thursday, according to a report from CNBC.
Chris Larsen and Brad Garlinghouse may have seen the greatest benefits from their Ripple holdings, but they are not the only ones who have profited significantly from XRP's stellar gains.
Additional speculation suggests that Coinsquare, which is the largest cryptocurrency exchange in Canada, might beat Coinbase to the punch in adding Ripple to its trading platform.
'Any statement to the contrary is untrue and not authorized by the company'.
The value of a single Ripple coin promptly fell from $US3.80 to $US3.19 ($4.85 to $4.07). Also, according to a recent tweet by blockchain expert George Kikvadze, Mr. Larsen holds a 37.0 percent stake in Ripple, which is a $320 billion firm.
The contempt of the financial establishment - people like JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon - towards Bitcoin only increases its standing among devotees.
In June 2016, Ripple announced that seven global banking giants, including Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, UBS, Unicredit, and Banco Santander (NYSE:SAN), were testing out the company's distributed digital ledger in some pilot or small-scale capacity. "This is still the earliest innings of the creation of what I think is really going to be a new asset category", he said.
Ripple is trying to solve this problem via its technology.
While banks themselves could build their own blockchain-based currencies for this objective, he said it made more sense for them to allow a third party to provide the service. Familiar tech names like Seagate and Google Ventures have worked with Ripple as investors.
Annual remittances to developing countries amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
Ripple, the world's second-largest cryptocurrency by value, hit a record high on Wednesday as its strong rally continues.
WARNING: Nothing in this article should be treated as financial advice.
Forget the lottery and its 1-in-300 million chances of winning the jackpot when you have cryptocurrencies.Robin Ticciati makes Scottish Chamber Orchestra Principal Conductor debut
The Scottish Chamber Orchestra’s new Principal Conductor Robin Ticciati makes his season debut in Glasgow’s City Halls and Edinburgh’s Usher Hall on 11 and 12 December, with a programme which includes Henze’s Symphony No 1, Brahms’ Symphony No 2 and Songs from Des Knaben Wunderhorn by Mahler, performed by mezzo soprano Magdalena Kožená.
Twenty-six year old Robin Ticciati has been Music Director of Glyndebourne on Tour since January 2007 and has recently been appointed Principal Guest Conductor for the Bamberger Symphoniker from 2010. He has already made appearances at La Scala, Milan, Royal Opera House Covent Garden and with the Rotterdam Philharmonic amongst many others. Ticciati began his musical career as a violinist, pianist and percussionist and turned to conducting at the age of 15 under the guidance of Sir Colin Davis and Sir Simon Rattle, while still a member of the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain.
Robin Ticciati first worked with the SCO in summer 2008 and struck up an immediate rapport with the Orchestra, culminating in his appointment as Principal Conductor. He returned for another Highland’s tour in summer 2009, touring to Strathpeffer, Findhorn and Pitlochry. He will conduct five concert weeks in 2009/10 and eight concert weeks in subsequent seasons. His appointment is for three years in the first instance.
"There has been a tangible sense of excitement in the SCO ever since Robin first appeared with the Orchestra. Following his appointment and the announcement of his first Season programmes, everyone in the organisation has been looking forward to these December performances. The debut concerts with Magdalena Kožená as soloist are an ideal way for our new Principal Conductor to be introduced to audiences in Edinburgh and Glasgow, as well as music lovers nationwide through the broadcast on BBC Radio Three. This promises to be the start of a very exciting era in the SCO’s history.” - SCO Managing Director, Roy McEwan
For Robin’s first season debuts on 11 and 12 December in Glasgow and Edinburgh, he conducts Henze’s Symphony No 1 and Brahms’ Symphony No 2, and is joined by mezzo soprano Magdalena Kožená for Mahler’s Songs from Des Knaben Wunderhorn. Kožená studied at the Brno Conservatoire and with Eva Blahová at the College of Performing Arts in Bratislava. She was awarded several major prizes in both the Czech Republic and internationally, culminating in the Sixth International Mozart Competition in Salzburg in 1995, and was named Artist of the Year at the Gramophone Awards 2004. Kožená has worked with orchestras throughout the world including the Berlin Philharmonic, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Simon Bolivar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela. The Glasgow performance of the concert will be recorded for broadcast on BBC Radio 3 on Monday 14 December.
SCO Principal Flute, Alison Mitchell, joins Robin for Poulenc’s Flute Sonata in St Andrews on 16 December, and the Orchestra’s featured artist, Karen Cargill, for Berlioz’s Le Mort de Cléopâtre. Cargill and Ticciati are reunited in February for Berlioz’s L’Enfance du Christ, which also features tenor Yann Beuron and bass Matthew Rose.
Robin returns for music by Ligeti, Mozart and Bartók in February (Edinburgh and Glasgow) and for Beethoven’s Pastoral Symphony in April (St Andrews, Glasgow and Edinburgh), where he is also joined by pianist Tom Poster for Ligeti’s Piano Concerto.
Audiences will have the opportunity to get to know Robin better at pre-concert talks in Glasgow (11 December), St Andrews (16 December), Edinburgh (17 December) and Aberdeen (19 December).It could be recalled that Tukur Mamu was arrested on the orders of the Police Headquarters on 26th October, 2010 in violation of an earlier High Court order restraining the Police or their agents from arresting him. The initial arrest prior to that of 26th October, 2010 was effected by Zone 12 of the Bauchi Police Command then under AIG Moses Anegbode based on a petition written by a traditional ruler in Yobe State against a news report published in DESERT HERALD.
The Police in the First Information Report (FIR) dated 27th October, 2010 are charging Tukur Mamu for giving “false information to mislead public servant and forgery”. They said they have concluded in their investigation that the content of Tukur Mamu’s petition to the Inspector General of Police after his first arrest in February 2010 on the orders of AIG Moses Anegbode alleging unlawful arrest, inhuman treatment, connivance with the Yobe State Government and violation of the law since he was not the author of the report in contention “was false and a diversionary tactics to cause perversion of justice”. The Police also claimed that the Excuse/Light Duty Certificate Mamu’s counsel presented to the Magistrate Court in Bauchi where he was first arraigned by the Zone 12 Police Command was forged by the accused based on the outcome of their investigation.
In the petition dated 24th November, 2011 Tukur Mamu has lamented and urged the judiciary in Kaduna to investigate the court sitting of 23rd November, 2011 because according to him the trial Magistrate Nasiru Lere is not only biased but has flagrantly violated the law by denying him his fundamental right to have a counsel that will defend him in a criminal matter. Mamu said in the petition that even his plea “for a stand down for just one hour to enable me collect the case file and go through it was out rightly rejected by the trial Magistrate N. Lere Esq. Eventually, I was subjected to enter my defence by the trial Magistrate under extreme duress, tension and severe back pain.
“It is also important for your good office to know that during the defence and out of sympathy by two lawyers (Barrister Z. Oche and Barrister Mohammed Etubi) that were in the same court separately for different matters and having sympathized with the level of persecution meted on me, asked the trial Magistrate to allow them announce appearances on my behalf but he out rightly rejected because I believe he has made up his mind to convict me with unusual speed and in violation of due process of law. And surprisingly too, all these violations of the law and denials of my right to have a counsel were in the presence and argued by the Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), G. B. Kore, who is supposed to guide the court on due process of the law and to advise and ensure that justice is done to all. Kore’s attitude in the court and how he takes official matters too personal makes me to wonder whether he is prosecuting or persecuting me.”
Mamu had thus urged Justice Rahila Khoje through the registrar “for a full and proper investigation of my petition to bring out the biased and partial conduct of the trial Magistrate and to transfer my case out of the Magistrate Court presided over by Chief Magistrate Nasiru Lere to any court of competent jurisdiction because I am now convinced more than ever before that I will not get justice from him”.
The accused told this reporter that the whole proceeding of 23rd November, 2011 “is funny and a deliberate attempt by the trial Magistrate to tarnish the good image of the judiciary in Kaduna. How can a responsible Magistrate, who in the past has granted so many unnecessary adjournments to the prosecution, now deny me the right to engage a new counsel that will defend me in a criminal case after I have disengaged the first counsel for reasons that have to do with my case? What is the motive behind denying me a stand down for just one hour to prepare my defence after he overruled my first application and the rejection of two lawyers that voluntarily offered to stand for me? This is ridiculous. At every sitting, the DPP, Kore apart from consistently coming late and the court will wait for him, he always gets whatever he asked from the court without hesitation. I am ready to defend myself but I don’t have confidence in the trial Magistrate”.
But in the entire record before the trial Magistrate Nasiru Lere in Kaduna, sources revealed, there is no single evidence forwarded by the prosecution on the detail investigation by the Police that established that the content of Mamu’s petition was false and diversionary while the evidence tendered by the prosecution, a reply of the letter forwarded by the Police from Yusuf Dantsofo hospital and the copy of the Excuse/Light Duty Certificate, according to Mamu, is misleading and contradictory. He told this reporter that from the record of the court, the PW1 one DSP Mohammed Gusua told the court that as the investigating officer of the case, he concluded that Mamu is guilty and that the content of his petition was false and diversionary based on the written statement he obtained from the deputy governor of Yobe State, Danlami Ali, the SSG of the state, Babagoni Machina and the Mai Pataskum, Alhaji Umaru Bubaram.
Mamu further told this reporter that “the contradiction in the desperate claim of forgery is very clear going by the record the prosecution themselves presented before the court. First they have deliberately failed to tender the copy of the letter they wrote to Yusuf Dantsofo Hospital to the court thereby concealing vital information to the court but decided to tender only the reply of the hospital. Going through the reply of the letter Yusuf Dantsofo Hospital sent to the Police, which was also tendered by the prosecution as exhibit, you will realise that the Police mischievously sort to know whether they have a doctor by the name Dr. Babaji instead of Dr. Baba. I. T as contained in the said E/LDC they tendered as an exhibit/evidence of the so called forgery against me before Nasiru Lere.
In that case, what else do you want the hospital to reply? To say they have Dr. Babaji whereas what they have and the doctor that signed my E/LDC is Dr. Baba. I. T or to guide the Police from their ineptitude or deliberate act to get the reply they want from the hospital? So the charges because they were framed cannot be prosecuted. For over one year now the prosecution succeeded in bringing only two witnesses and their conduct from the record of the court is an embarrassment to the Police and clearly portrays they are acting the scripts of Yobe State Government and precisely the SSG Babagoni Machina. The SSG should be bold enough if he is not guilty to sue DESERT HERALD for several reports of corruption the paper wrote against him. He cannot do it. He is instead following through the back door and spending the resources of our state to manipulate justice. We will never allow Machina to achieve that”, Mamu said.
As at the time of filling this report, the Kaduna State judiciary is yet to respond to Mamu’s petition but the petitioner concluded that considering the gravity of Lere’s misapplication of justice and the stand of the Chief Justice of the state, Mrs Khoje to always be fair to all and to protect the image of the judiciary, such allegations that happened in the presence of many counsels cannot be ignored by the registrar or her office.
Also in a response to the development, the Head of the Legal Department of the Protection Rights of Journalists of Africa in Cape Town, South Africa, Maitre Masaoudou Diawara told this reporter that they have fully studied the facts of the case and are now ready to take necessary action.
10.163560 7.932129
AdvertisementsGenerate stun is using the EMD weapon as being a soreness compliance approach with activation just by pressing versus the human body. This is often something which can be achieved without the need to have an air cartridge in place or You need to use it following the cartridge is deployed.
Preserve a stun gun as part of your purse, your nightstand, as well as in your car this means you’re normally organized in the event you inadvertently end up inside a perilous problem.
This gel sticks by itself the the encounter of any assailant and leads to short-term blindness, making it much more ...>>
This pepper spray fogger will halt any assailant within their tracks. Keep it with your pocket and hold...>>
Much like New Jersey firearm regulations, tasers are now authorized to be used in the home right up until new laws are further outlined. Just click here for authorized models
Safeguard by yourself in periods of have to have using this type of a few in one pepper spray, UV dye, and tear fuel combo...>>
A mix significant obligation taser and super vibrant tactical flashlight. Particularly well-liked with security guards who work evenings. The super bright flashlight may be used to quickly blind an attacker, and after that the stun feature can be employed to swoop in for an incapacitating shock.
Stun guns make a great non-lethal self protection weapon that any one can use. You may as well utilize it in adverse climatic conditions when pepper sprays might be ineffective.
For private civilian use, C2Taser designs are a favorite for Girls. The M 26C and X 26C styles are patterned just after law enforcement variations and so are larger than the C2 product. But all of them Discover More do the exact same detail!
They're also offered on the internet like locations Amazon.com. Just keep in mind that online suppliers also are subject matter to precisely the same regulations as brick and mortar suppliers, so they will not ship for you if you reside within a city / point out that has limitations.
The crime prevention techniques outlined in these experiences are surely worth the go through and ideally you can expect to obtain some expertise regarding how to improved protect oneself, your private home, and All your family members.
By obtaining a self-protection gadget, which include a stun gun or taser from us you recognize that The Home Safety Superstore won't warrant that you simply may possibly lawfully invest in, have, or have these web link solutions As outlined by any point out or local legal guidelines.
Multi-function stun gun can disable attackers in various modes and will disable if taken faraway from...>>
Girls are historically the targets of violence in 90% in the situations and that is the primary reason why they should carry self-protection products with them at all times.
Links
Visitors
- 188 Visitors, October 20, 2010
Quinoa, Carrots and Goob. Oh My!
Wow, it's been awhile. At first, I was all "bloggety blog blog blog" and now... I wonder, "Where did the time go and how did I not get to the blog AGAIN today?" Finally, here I am; ready to ramble and update you with the latest and greatest on the Goob.
First and foremost, I would like to announce that quinoa was officially declared a pass. If you read the previous post you can see a comment from Amanda, another FPIES mom. She is an FPIES food genius and suggested adding a bit of brown sugar to the quinoa flakes. I did this AND ground up the flakes a bit more in the food processor. (I bought organic brown sugar that has no additives and, since it's just sugar, we didn't have a protein concern so didn't have to make this a seperate food trial.) The result? Ginny could not get enough. Could. Not. Get. Enough. I fed the flakes to her this way on the morning of 10/4. She ate and ate and ate and screamed when it was all gone. I fed her quinoa. Ellie fed her quinoa. I was so excited to find a way to simply get it in her - and even more excited to see her excited about food - that I did a happy dance. Ellie joined in my happy dance with her usual gusto. G thought our happy dance was hysterical and her laughter made the celebration complete. So, quinoa is safe and just typing this makes me grin from ear to ear all over again. It's become a staple food for us, comprising one full meal a day for G. Quinoa. Yummmm. I love you.
Once we added quinoa to our safe list (along with pears, spinach and apples), I decided that we needed another vegetable. I wanted something that would have more volume (if that makes sense) than the spinach, but also something that was a more common pass for FPIES kids. The answer? Carrots. It's important to note here that I HATE carrots. I don't really like to use the word hate. It's pretty severe. That being said, I HATE carrots. To me, carrots, pumpkin, all orange and yellow varieties of squash and sweet potatoes all taste the same - and that taste is just not good. For my G, however, I was willing to subject myself to the peeling, cutting and cooking of carrots. I did it for Ellie too. Kinda makes me gag just to think about the smell but, I did it (along with some help from John). The result for carrots? I tried to start slow. I meant to start slow. After a few days of G screaming for more after I finished giving her just a bite or two, I caved. Carrots are a pass too. We now have five safe foods. Five consecutive safe foods. I've said it before and I'll say it again. All of the success we've had is due to the trials of FPIES kids before us. It is the shared knowledge about food families and 'common' safe foods that has kept us out of the ER. We are so blessed.
I was flying high on the success of quinoa and carrots as I sashayed into Whole Foods and purchased amaranth flour. It's in the same food family as spinach and quinoa (and tumbleweed?) so I had decided to make this our next food trial. My intent was to use it to bake for G for the first time. A baked good. Hooray! More texture. More variety. A way to make her something cake-like for her birthday. My intent was to use amaranth flour to bake for G, so when I opened the bag and smelled the awful amaranth aroma, I was not deterred. I followed a much lauded recipe of the aforementioned Amanda-FPIES-mom-and-FPIES-baking-genius substituting my newly purchased flour in place of quinoa flour and... I like to bake. I am a good baker. The smells that flow from my kitchen tempt not only my husband, but ALL of the neighbors in our building. I am a good baker. The amaranth muffins were disgusting. The texture was disgusting. The smell was disgusting. The consistency was just wrong. The flavor was indescribable and disturbingly difficult to remove from my tongue. I tried to warn John, however, jaded by his confidence in my usual baking skill, he wasn't deterred. He took a big bite (of a mini muffin, but still...) and I wish I had a camera to capture the look on his face. I would post that picture here and you would laugh. So now, the amaranth flour sits quietly in my cupboard awaiting a day when I feel brave enough to try it again.
After that, I lost my momentum. I'm enjoying simply feeding G each day. A typical day might include apples and pears for breakfast, quinoa for lunch, and a dinner of carrots, spinach and apples. The girl eats a lot. She is sleeping in longer stretches too. She is not in pain and she looks very healthy so I'm not in a hurry. John has convinced me to drop my plan to trial corn, so we'll continue to avoid all 'true' grains, dairy, soy, legumes and poultry until she's at least 2, if not 4. I still intend to trial lamb soon-ish. Pit fruits are commonly safe (especially mango), so those are an option. I think we'll need some more veggies eventually so I'll have to do some research on that. I'm intending to trial bananas next (how many times has my plan changed?!) but need to get up the nerve to do it. It's not one of the safest, however, if bananas are a pass, avocado would more likely be safe too (since they're closely related). I'd love to have bananas to use as an easy egg substitute for baking and avocado for the healthy fat factor.
Soon enough, I hope to meet with a nutritionist or dietitian to double check that I'm meeting all of G's nutritional needs. Soon enough, I'll set a date to begin the banana trial. Soon enough I'll get my momentum back but for now, I'm enjoying the regular, every day milestones. G is babbling up a storm and says things that sound suspiciously similar to doggy (daw-eeeeeeeee), mama(meh meh meh), daddy (dad-deeee) and Ellie (Elj-yeeee) and walking walking walking. Soon enough, we'll get back to challenging FPIES and we'll put on our game faces, grit our teeth, pick up the spoon and march forward. For now, I'm going to enjoy the memory of our day at the apple orchard where, without fear, I was able to share a snack with my daughter - a fresh apple, right off the tree. She gnawed and slobbered and demanded more more more and she could have it. Soon enough, we'll re-pack our just-in-case-we-head-to-the-ER bag. Maybe next week. Not today. Not tomorrow either.
I'm glad things are going so well for you!
I'm hoping to get on board of really starting to trial again now that the scope results came in.
COrn and bananas are staples in our house - I was shocked at how many options there are with those two foods!
Can I just say first that i love you! You are so funny and I really enjoy reading your style of writing. I too am an FPIES mom. Just like you, I have two daughters (the oldest 4 has food allergies to peanuts and eggs and my 21 month old baby Lyla is the FPIES gal of the house). I love your blog because reading it is like having someone dive into my brain and type transcripts of my daily thoughts. Banana's are the key to survival at our house, but you are giving me the confidence to finally trial quinoa! I am even feeling like trying to feed Lyla millet and I had never even considered it before reading your bird food post. Thank you and by the way, you are hilarious!
daveandthejensengirls.blogspot.comToday, I overheard my boyfriend telling his buddies that the main reason he got into video game modding was so he could put a virtual version of me in his games and "shoot the fuck out of that bitch". FML I agree, your life sucks 55150 I agree, your life sucks 55150 You deserved it 7234 You deserved it 7234 100 5 1 12 10 By gibbette - / Sunday 28 April 2013 17:32 / United Arab Emirates - DubaiMetropolitan Mark Golovkov mopping hospital floors as his “offering” to society… note well that rightwing loudmouths such as Paffhausen did NOT do likewise…
******
HH showing where his political windsock points… he’s welcoming Comrade Tsipras… HH does NOT associate with rightwing “conservative” filth
______________________________
Too many (lay and clergy) have sold out to Mammon (the Republican Party). The MP just issued a paper on neoliberalism (“conservatism” in the USA), globalism, and the “Free Market”… it condemned them as evil ideologies. Our clergy have to abjure all ties with anti-Christian political movements and with sects (such as Evangelicals)… otherwise, they’re the world’s men, not Christ’s men. Only then can they act as true leaders and healers (like His Holiness, who throws parties for the homeless on his birthday… or like Metropolitan Mark Golokov, who mops hospital floors as his contribution to society). There’s much more to it than just not endorsing this or that candidate. A priest has to uphold a righteous social order… which neoliberalism isn’t.
We have to disavow liars and perverters of Church doctrine such as Josiah Trenham. He teaches that artificial contraception is sinful. NO LOCAL CHURCH TEACHES THIS. NONE. ALL Local Churches teach that artificial contraception is licit via oikonomia, and is preferable to abortion. However, Mr Trenham not only holds to his rebellious stance, he uses “Ancient Faith Radio” to broadcast his filthy perversions to the believers. Note well that ALL of the “pro-life” poseurs in the USA support the death penalty. All recent papers on the subject from the Mother Church are unanimous… the death penalty is immoral and the state should use it only in the most pressing circumstances (unlike Texas, where godless “Evangelicals” rule). In history, Russia used the death penalty much less than Western Europe did… Tsar Aleksandr Aleksandrovich routinely commuted all death sentences to 12 years at hard labour, except for crimes against the state. Why did the early commies use it so much? Firstly, they were in a hard situation… the Whites proved just as trigger-happy. Secondly, they used a Western ideology, where the death penalty was more acceptable. The Church has always stood against the death penalty… the Westerns burned heretics at the stake… the ONLY time that happened amongst us was the case of Fr Avvakum Petrov, the Old Ritualist fanatic. In his situation, the local secular officials were copying what they saw in Western Europe… it wasn’t what the Church wanted (the Church wanted him sent to a monastery in Solovki).
Yet, does the existence of these Far Right nutters mean that we must leave the Church? As the late Archbishop Antony Bartoshevich said when a younger priest recounted the latest nuttery afoot in the Church, “Yes… what you say is true. However, where do we go, if not here?” I agree with Vladyki Antony… all the horror stories ARE true… but where does one go, if not here? Christ’s Church isn’t a child’s playground or fairy-tale. It’s for real… and real things aren’t consistent or rational at times. Don’t let the “conservative” loudmouths get you down. HH is on OUR side. Look at the humorous side of it all… Whiteford and Potapov have to commemorate Kirill the Red at every liturgy, and Dreher has to accept that the Church doesn’t bless his “conservative” bloviations and fantasies. As a friend at the MDA wrote me:
We have loud rightwingers, too. Ignore them… they’re marginal. The Church is what She was ever was… they’ll either grow up or leave us. Leave them be.
I think that great advice. I wish that I’d have thought of it… but I didn’t. Keep faith in Christ and His Church. The loudmouths will either reform or leave. I agree with my friend, “Leave them be”… by the way, don’t post links to their shit, for all that does is give the idiots “click bait”, and you’ll end up helping them (I kid you not). Let them rot in their self-centred perversion. It DOES take all kinds, but one doesn’t have to agree with them or tolerate them in the name of “Christianity”. Keep on keepin’ on and keep your eyes on the REAL prize.
The Church incarnates Christ… not Ayn Rand and Ronald Reagan… never forget that…
BMDVerrall & Parks Ltd
Call
Call 01323 737633Directions
Get directions to thisWebsite
location on Google Maps.
location on Google Maps.
Open website
in new tab.
in new tab.
Text
VERRALL & PARKSBATHROOMS + PLUMBING + HEATINGKITCHENSSPRING HEATING DEALS. Boiler installations from £1400 including7 Year warranty.Full system flushing from £350. . Magnetic filter installations from £200. . Boiler repairs from £45.LIMITED SERVICING OFFER.Full System healthcheck - IncludesBoiler service and cleanse. Controls checkCylinder and water tanks check.adiator valves check. All for just £65 incl. VATAdd a Gas fire service for only £45 WINNER225-227 Seaside, EastbourneTel: 01323 737633 2016GASREGISTERCurrentcodes.com lists promotional and coupon codes for hundreds of well-known retailers, potentially saving you money each time you shop online. From the home page:.
[Via Get Rich Slowly]
Tags: currentcodes.com
Thanks for the tip! I never buy anything online anymore without checking for codes.
If you Google “(storename) coupon code” you can also come up with them quickly.
I’ve also found that a lot of the “deal” sites allow you to subscribe to an RSS feed for the particular stores you like. That way, when a new coupon becomes available, it shows up right on your aggregator (my.yahoo, etc.).
I use to find not only coupon codes but also cash back rebates for all my online purchases. Their bookmarklet is especially handy to see what’s available for a particular store. When I’m at a store, I just click on the bookmarklet and I’m taken straight to evreward’s page that lists coupon codes and tons of shopping rewards for that store.
I usually purchase items online at one of the best coupons site CouponAlbum and got many discounts there. You can also try this site for best shopping. Enjoy it’s offers!!!!There is always one person in a marriage or partnership that is the dominant partner and normally will also control the finances. If you can work out which one of your clients is the decision maker you can be pretty sure that one also controls the finances and can then make sure you are directing all your important closing questions towards the person that will give you the final yes or no at the end of your sales presentation.
As a professional closer, you have to be able to establish early on in your sales presentation which is the decision maker in the husband wife team or you will have wasted your time and lost the respect of both your clients by directing the presentation towards the wrong person.
There are several ways you can spot who the decision maker is.
Here are a few basic guidelines:
As a general rule, the person who does the most talking asks the most questions and shows the most interest in your product will be the dominant partner although this is not always true. Remember you could be presenting your product to a family where an older son might be trying to impress his father and show his intelligence by asking lots of questions about the product, company etc.
In this situation you need to be far more aware of how the rest of the family are reacting and who they all look at the most. The sub-dominant members of the family including the over verbal son will consciously and subconsciously look to the leader for guidance and reassurance.
There are also a couple of tricks you can use to get your customers to identify the leader for you.
Direct all your important closing questions towards one member of the partnership or group. If that person is the decision maker, then he or she will answer you directly and with confidence. If that person isn’t the decision maker, they will feel uncomfortable answering you and will look toward the stronger partner for them to answer you. From that point on you will know who will give you the final buying decision.
When you are presenting your product to more than one couple or larger groups it can be a bit more difficult to work out who is the leader. You can jokingly ask them,
“Okay I give up, which one of you is the boss here”
It might sound silly but believe me, for a split second everyone will look at the leader of the group to see if he or she reveals themselves. (There is always a leader) You have to pay special attention at this point and be extra careful to watch all their eyes or you might miss the clue.
Once you have established who the decision maker is and who controls the finances, go to work and start closing them. The sub-dominant partner will follow the leader and not want to disagree with them at the end when they decide to buy.
On a final note. I’m the boss in my house and I have my wife’s permission to say that!
See you next week. cannot say how happy we are with Viktoria Movers, AGAIN.
I called them 2 yrs ago to pack and move my 1st floor while we renovated, and they were excellent. Delicate china all intact, the giant heavy glass and brass china cabinet– scary for me to watch but they didn’t even break a sweat.
So when it came time to move to a new house this year, I didn’t hesitate to call on Viktoria again for both packing and moving. I thought the estimate was great– they gave a high and low of the range (I assumed that we would come in on the high end, we have a LOT of stuff).
On packing day, showed up right on time, got the lay of the land, and got down to work. Jammed all day, and got the entire house (which was a semi-detached, but every closet was FULL and the basement, while organized with lots of shelving, was quite full also) done in the time they said they would.
They advised that we’d need another guy and another truck on moving day, which we both appreciated the professionalism and of course approved, and on Moving Day, again, came right on time, and got down to it. Loading was quicker than my husband (a former mover) expected. Unloading at our new house took a bit of time b/c of the stairs and some narrow passages, but they moved like a well oiled machine. My husband and I helped direct traffic, and we got it done well before dark in a reasonable amount of time.
Every interaction I have with Viktoria Movers is super professional and also very friendly. They take the time to listen to you and work with you, they are very patient and know that moving is a stressful time. They answered all my questions in the time leading up to the move, and even after the move as well.
I recommend them to everyone I know in the GTA, and my husband has recommended them for office moves as well.
Keep up the good work folks!
We did the packing and moved most of the small stuff. ViktoriaMovers showed up with 3 trucks and 8 men. About 6 hours later they left. They put everything where we asked and had to move several large pieces down a narrow stairway. This was a second time that we moved our office in 14 years, so needless to say we had accumulated lots of staff. The estimate was the lowest we got and they came in under estimate. The office staff were helpful and friendly. The crew was friendly and professional. It went better than we expected, and they helped us set everything up quickly so that we only missed 2 working days.
I hired Viktoria Professional Movers to pack, move and unload. I moved from my home in Toronto to my new home in Montreal. It was a 3 day process: packing everything one day, loading and travelling the next day, and finally unloading. I could not have been happier with the great guys from Viktoria. Hard working like you wouldn’t believe and real gentlemen to boot. To Adam, Ted, Jay, Dev and Nathan – thanks so much! I should also mention that Maria did my original appraisal/quotation. She was spot on in term of timing/number of trucks needed. Lovely, friendly people all round and a very competitive price for the high quality services and care provided. You have no idea what a mammoth task it is to leave a home you have been in for over 2 decades, until you go through it!Streetdance
The coolest party in town with the greatest sounds – at this high energy party, your child and their guests will learn routines to the latest tracks of your child’s choice. There will also be traditional party games and prizes for the best dancer.
The personal touch: Footlights hosts will help set up and clear away at your venue so you can have a stress free experienceYou are here
Kathie Johnson, Director of Family Services, New Lenox Township
12:00 am CDT April 26, 2017
Spring has officially arrived. With the new season comes that time-honored ritual of spring cleaning. Spring-cleaning? I have often wondered where the term spring cleaning comes from, and what does it really mean. According to the Cambridge English Dictionary spring cleaning means: to clean all of a place, especially your house, very well, including parts you do not often clean.Brit Muslim fanatics burn poppy in protest against ‘murderer’ UK troopsNovember 12th, 2010 - 1:01 pm ICT by ANI
London, Nov.12 (ANI): Hate-filled Brit Muslims burned a giant poppy, chanting “British soldiers burn in hell” during yesterday’s two-minute silence to honour war dead.
The extremists screamed “British troops are murderers” and “There will be no security for Britain while troops remain in Muslim land”, the Daily Express reports.
Calling themselves “Muslims against Crusaders”, they clashed with police while 50 members of the English Defence League staged a counter-protest near the Royal Albert Hall in central London.
Police kept the two sides apart. Three men were arrested at the scene - two for public order offences and one for assaulting a police officer.
One officer was taken to hospital with a head injury. The incident left the general public shocked and disgusted. (ANI)
- Muslim fanatics plan to turn UK royal wedding into 'nightmare' - Apr 20, 2011
- Ex-British boxing ace among Muslim protesters who abused troops - Jun 19, 2010
- Three British Muslims jailed for anti-gay campaign - Feb 11, 2012
- UK Koran burner jailed for 70 days - Apr 19, 2011
- New Muslim group threatens to launch terror atrocity similar to 7/7 - Aug 01, 2010
- Cops investigating pig's foot sent to US congressman's Washington office - Apr 05, 2011
- UK Muslim mob threatens to fly black flag of Islam over Downing Street, White House for jailed cleri - Nov 16, 2010
- Fury after Muslim fanatics let off lightly by Brit court - Jan 12, 2010
- Three university students charged for voyeurism in UK court - Mar 09, 2011
- No clear Pakistani policy on terror: Daily - Sep 05, 2012
- Prince William pays tribute to war dead - Nov 14, 2010
- London calm, violence grips other British cities (Second Lead) - Aug 10, 2011
- Boxing champ turned fanatic compares Brit troops with World War II killers - Jun 24, 2010
- Islamic extremist chosen to head police-Muslim forum - Jul 25, 2010
- Hate-filled New Yorker fired by employer for burning Koran - Sep 15, 2010
Tags: assaulting a police officer, brit, british soldiers, british troops, central london, crusaders, daily express, defence league, english defence, extremists, head injury, london police, minute silence, murderer, murderers, muslim land, poppy, public order offences, royal albert hall, uk troops _______________________________________________ Qemu-devel mailing list address@hidden
_________________________________________________________________Speel games met je online vrienden via MSN MessengerI'm a VIM beginner, and I have a weird problem. I started using vim in a terminal emulator, but today I moved to gVim. Then I realized that I cannot write a comma in Insert mode! I tried :map ,, :imap , both said no mapping found. THen I tried :nomap , and :inomap , both without any luck. As writing the commands, I am able to write the comma, but not in insert mode. What can be the problem?
:map ,
:imap ,
:nomap ,
:inomap ,
Some details: I'm running a freshly installed ubuntu 9.04 system, with an english keyboard, but using a hungarian layout. I am able to write a comma in vim when writing into the "command line" of vim, after pressing : in command mode.
vimrc
~/.vimrc
C:\Documents and Settings\(user name)\_vimrc
remove the 'cindent' line from your .vimrc file. worked for me!
What happens if you type CTRL-V followed by a comma in insert mode? Do you get a comma?
Also, since you only have this problem in gvim and not vim, try running xev and typing , into it to see if the events look odd. (you may need to apt-get install x11-utils for xev) The events I get look like this:
KeyPress event, serial 30, synthetic NO, window 0x4000001,
root 0x236, subw 0x0, time 788140933, (138,120), root:(144,139),
state 0x10, keycode 59 (keysym 0x2c, comma), same_screen YES,
XLookupString gives 1 bytes: (2c) ","
XmbLookupString gives 1 bytes: (2c) ","
XFilterEvent returns: False
KeyRelease event, serial 30, synthetic NO, window 0x4000001,
root 0x236, subw 0x0, time 788141013, (138,120), root:(144,139),
state 0x10, keycode 59 (keysym 0x2c, comma), same_screen YES,
XLookupString gives 1 bytes: (2c) ","
XFilterEvent returns: False
Ok, I managed to solve it. Previously I used mkvimrc to generate my .vimrc. Now, I deleted it all, and created one manually. Not sure what caused it, but now it works as expected. Moral: don't be lazy, write your vimrc yourself. :)
Do you have something like this in your .vimrc set cinkeys=0{,0},:,0#,!,!^F? I run into this issue and solved it by removing the rogue exclamation mark set cinkeys=0{,0},:,0#,!^F
set cinkeys=0{,0},:,0#,!,!^F
set cinkeys=0{,0},:,0#,!^F
Design by ask.programmershare.comOnline Resources * Ed1Stop * World Book Online Information
ELAC Recommendations
Summer Reading Recommendations Gr. K-5
Library Map
Student Reading Level Conversion Chart/Form
Tassajara Library Catalog
Find-a-book: Lexile, Accelerated Reader
CA State Recommended Reading List
Student Research: KidsClick, Yahoo Kids Learn, Enchanted Learning
Did you know you can access our school library from home? Our library link with its drop down menus is on the schools webpage directly under the banner. You'll find this page and a direct link to the library catalog. Find our books, Internet links to curriculum via WebPath Express, our Homepage with parent & student Internet links to e-books, research sites, author sites, books lists and tons more! Explore at your leisure.
Not sure what your child has checked out from our library? Directions on how to log into the library catalog can be found on the library homepage. Use your child's 6 digit student ID number (accessible through the SRVUSD Parent Portal) and your child's birthday (follow the example on the homepage exactly) to link to the "my info" tab to view the title & due date for your students materials.
The Scholastic Book Fair is coming soon!
Please mark your calendars for our Scholastic Fall Book Fair
THE WILD WEST BOOK FAIR
October 21st through October 27th
We are in need of a Chairperson (or two)
Please contact Mrs. Rhee for more information
Volunteers are always needed to set-up the fair, run the cash registers, assist students, and take-down the fair.
Please sign up on the Sign Up Genius.
Link here to see the all the fabulous online reference materials available through our library via Ed1Stop through the Contra Costa County Office of Education. A rich resource for kids, teachers, & parents you'll find World Book Encyclopedia in 3 levels, the expanded World Almanac for Kids, Wordsmyth Dictionary, and so much more under the school help, project help and reference tabs. There is almost too much to list and absorb. Parent resources, textbook resources, links to PBS kids, Starfall, Between the Lions, and much more. Enjoy!
The user name is: thlibrary_stu. Your child should know the password which we unfortunately cannot publish. Here's a hint: Mrs. Rhee wants you to xxxx. Easy 4 letter word and pretty obvious!
A special thank you to the Foundation for their continuing support.
Love reading, books, and kids? Our library is the place for you!
The library cannot function and serve our students well without the time and talents of our library volunteers. Please consider becoming one of our wonderful volunteers who help with the general "housekeeping" of our library, assist students as they search for that "just right book", and more.
Training as you go!
Please let Mrs. Rhee know if you would like to volunteer and she will work out a time to train you.
Visit the Volunteer Management System to update your information or to register to volunteer if you have not done so previously.
Contact Mrs. Rhee: jrhee@srvusd.net
Tuesday: Lechner, Tkach, Radkey, Parisella, Hunter
Wednesday: Kaufman/Gill, King, Gueffroy, Kerr, Cappelletti
Thursday: Hourigan, Andrews, Williams, Mozzetti
Friday: Stockman & Olson, Livingston & Olson, Nelson, Edgell, Yfantis
The Library is open for Grades 4-5 from 1:05 to 1:35 (lunch recess) Tues., Thurs., and Fri.
The Library is closed on Mondays
AS LONG AS THEIR PREVIOUS CHECK OUT HAS BEEN RETURNED,
Kindergarteners may check out one book each week.
Students in grades 1-3 may check out 2 books each week,
Students in grades 4-5 may check out 3 ...more
Looking for books and websites for your student's latest assignment? Did you know you can check our school library collection from your smartphone device? New to the library is the free Destiny Quest ...more
Our library has over 140 E-books to read at anywhere or anytime on your favorite mobile device or computer. You'll find our collection of over 130 titles for students grades 2-5 on the
library ...moreNot known Facts About divorce info
>>IMAGE
A mensa et thoro is really a legal Latin phrase which means "from table and mattress", typically translated as "from mattress and board", in which "board" is really a term for "desk". Separation a mensa et thoro is actually a separation that may be sanctioned by a court order, meaning that the spouses may legally Are living apart, However they are still legally married.
crack dialysis division divorce diastasis quality separation Close by words for separation
A divorce starts with a divorce petition. The petition is penned by a person spouse (the petitioner) and served on the opposite spouse. The petition is then filed within a condition court within the county where one of the spouses resides. It does not matter where the marriage happened. The petition involves...
Annulment makes a marriage null and void—as though it never existed. For additional information, see our web page on Annulment.
For use with the respondent when they agree entirely with every little thing requested inside the Petition for Divorce. The document should be signed before a notary or court clerk and filed with the court.
Temporary separation is an optional action spouses might take before filing for divorce, particularly if they are not absolutely sure they want to divorce, but they need court orders to ascertain temporary provisions concerning alimony, property and credit card debt administration and division, wellness care coverage, housing, child support, child custody and father or mother time. For additional information, see our webpage on Temporary Separation.
If you are not content with our services, you should Call us instantly and We're going to right the situation, give a refund or give credit history which might be employed for long run LegalZoom orders.
After the temporary Listening to, There may be generally an extended wait. That time is usually used to get positioned in The brand new, separate living preparations and start pondering about the long term settlement.
The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney promotion. In a few states, the information on this website may be viewed as a lawyer referral service. Make sure you reference the Terms of Use as well as Supplemental Terms for distinct information related to your state.Your use of the website constitutes acceptance from the
A father who deliberately involved his children in "mishaps" so he could gather over the insurance policies. He would pay them off by presenting them presents along with other benefits.
The Divorce Process A divorce starts with a divorce petition. The petition is written by a single spouse (the petitioner) and served on one other spouse. The petition is then filed in a state court inside the county where among the list of spouses resides.
divergence, divergency - the act of transferring away in several course from a common issue; "an angle is formed from the divergence of two straight traces"
All separation divorce jurisdictions make it possible for for some kind of no-fault grounds for instance "irreconcilable dissimilarities", but only some states nonetheless think about fault grounds for divorce, including adultery or abandonment. Your lawyer can let you know no matter whether fault grounds can be found in your condition, and when so, whether it makes feeling to file for divorce on fault grounds.This review first appeared in Exeunt magazine. You can read it here.
Many animals, such as meerkats, engage in ‘co-operative breeding’, in which a tribe of adult animals collectively raises their young. Ben Ockrent’s new comedy, Breeders, is a witty and enjoyable look at modern parenthood and alternative families. Yet, in refusing to deeply engage with the issues surrounding the bringing of children into the world and being content to play for laughs, dismissing the more serious matters with a series of jokes or zinging one-liners, Breeders is ultimately frustrating and unsatisfying.
Andrea (Tamzin Outhwaite) wants to have a baby with her partner, Caroline (Angela Griffin). Stressing the importance of both of them having a ‘biological connection’ to their child, Andrea asks her underachieving and slightly aimless brother Jimmy (Nicholas Burns) to be their sperm donor. In the spirit of co-operation, Andrea and Caroline invite Jimmy and his partner Sharon (Jemima Rooper) to move in with them. This uneasy and awkward situation – two couples in their thirties trying to get used to living together – provides much comic material, and Ockrent makes the most of it, though at times you wonder if it would be better suited to a television sitcom.
The cast do their best with an uneven script, but their characters feel thin and underdeveloped. Outhwaite and Griffin, sadly lacking in chemistry, fail to convince as a couple. Sharon is the most interesting of the four, and Rooper’s the most memorable performance; Ockrent does well to demonstrate what it might feel like for someone on the fringes of this very modern arrangement and Rooper, as well as being a brilliant comic actress, is convincing as the odd one out who doesn’t quite have a place in this new ‘family’.
Despite being a comedy, Breeders is actually at its best when it is not afraid to tackle some of the darkier, thornier issues surrounding procreation and parenthood, though only one is given satisfactory room to develop. For same-sex couples, procreation can be deeply unsexy in comparison to their heterosexual counterparts. At one point Andrea unwraps a medical bag full of implements and instruction manuals; there is no romantic element to this method of conception. As Caroline ruefully notes, ‘biology saps pleasure’. It’s an expensive and painful procedure, and the brutal reality of the ease of heterosexual conception only makes this more keenly felt. Unfortunately, other topical and important subjects such as the impact of children on the environment, the overwhelming desire (bordering on obsession) for biological children and how different women react to the ‘female imperative’ of societal pressure to procreate, are introduced only to be left unexplored or are closed disappointingly quickly with a joke.
Director Tamara Harvey makes an interesting – and not entirely successful – choice in having the cast sing pop songs in Swedish during scene changes, causing the audience to collapse in confused laughter. She, like Ockrent, seems content to emphasise the more frivolous moments, which makes for an entertaining, if not deeply thought-provoking evening.
It is great to see a new play addressing the topical and controversial issues of same-sex parenting and the expansion of the traditional family model, and Breeders is an enjoyable theatrical experience. Ockrent clearly has a talent for comic writing, but it’s a shame that the overwhelming feeling is one of silliness and a sense of missed opportunity that such a complex and complicated situation is played for laughs, rather than offering us a more provocative examination of what it takes, and what it means, to be a family.
Categories: LGBT, TheatreBlaster Helper
Springfield, OR
DIRECT HIRE OPPORTUNITY WITH EXCELLENT BENEFITS!
Do you have a love for the outdoors and desire to travel the Western United States? Our client, a leader in the aggregate industry for over 4 generations in Lane County, has grown over the years with their rock drilling and blasting work extending to Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, Montana, Colorado and California. The business is still owned and operated locally with a focus on their people! Projects have ranged from traditional hard rock drilling and blasting in rock quarries and gold mines, dam demolition, portable rock crushing, utility line blasting, communication tower drilling, solar pile foundation drilling, and wind farm foundation blasting.
We are seeking blaster helpers to join the team. This is an entry level laborer position that opens up training opportunities for equipment operator and blaster in charge positions within the company. Excellent opportunities for growth and a long term career in this exciting industry!
STARTING WAGE
- $14-$17/hr regular wage, $21-$31.50/hr overtime
- $12/hr travel time wage, $18/hr travel overtime
- Unlimited overtime when work is available
- Full benefit package
QUALIFICATIONS
- Minimum age 18
- Valid drivers license with a driving record that includes no more than 3 moving violations and/or chargeable accidents in the last 3 years and no DUIIs.
- Travel is a required part of this position. We provide transportation from company headquarters in Springfield.
- Our client submits candidates to a background check through the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to screen felony records as appropriate in compliance with federal government restrictions.
- A pre-employment drug test and physical will be administered. For safety reasons, our client has a zero tolerance drug policy, including marijuana use.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
-.
- General job site clean-up.
- Fills in for Driller Helper position as needed
- Performs any or all other duties as necessary to satisfy job requirements.
BENEFITS
- Health Insurance - We pay 100% of employee premiums
- Vision Insurance - We pay 100% of employee premiums
- Dental Insurance - We pay 25% of employee premiums
- Flexible Spending Account (FSA)- Employees are given the option to contribute a portion of their earnings, pre-tax, into a Flexible Spending Account (FSA). They can use the funds contributed to their account to pay for qualified medical or dependent care expenses that are not covered by insurance.
- 401k - We match 100% of the first 3% of your salary that you contribute, and 50% of the amount that exceeds 3%, up to 5% of your annual earnings. In addition, our client may make a profit-sharing contribution to your account at the end of the plan year.
- Prevailing Wage Fringe to 401k - On prevailing wage jobs, 100% of fringe (after health insurance) is paid as pre-tax wages into the employee's 401k. "Fringe" is the difference between the employee's regular wage and the total State/Federal Base+Fringe amount.
- Paid Time Off - We offer 40 hours of annual paid time off (PTO) that is available for use after 90 days of employment. For every full year of service, employees' PTO accrual increases by 8 hours.
- Unlimited overtime if work is available. "Shop days" are available for non-blast days where Blast Helpers can help grind drill bits, sweep shop floors, and assist with equipment maintenance.
For immediate consideration, please submit resume or call 541.221.9903.how to apply organic What Is Bing? Better Than Google?
Can this come to be possible? Can a fresh indexing search engine like be possible more advanced than Google?
There are many things Google cannot do, one of them being unable to execute natural language look ups. Plus, there will be more. Here are a few reasons why Bing is a better indexing google search than Google:
In lieu of giving you links to your answer, Bing directly provides you the answer. Consequently, it slices your quest period by around 50%. It is even more efficient and way faster we could information.
One of the best features of Yahoo is its aesthetic search. It puts a number of relevant images and videos over the search page. A search upon Barrack Obama will not provide you with the latest news, remarks or blogs. Rather, Bing will give you plenty of footage plus his biography and works. Mention relevance.
Bing can provide results from a Microsoft database instead of from the entire internet. Bing is actually market researched, providing the most relevant home elevators searched people, important things and places. So long as have to search page per page to be able to find the best and the most relevant result.
Bing is superior at organizing results. The search engine gives categories and suggestions to the left hand section.
Bing does quite nicely in natural dialect searches, which Yahoo struggles at.
As a result of Google’s and Bing’s respective pluses and minuses, many applications have been completely created to merge Bing and Bing searches simultaneously, displayed in dual paned views. A few applications which might do this tend to be CompareGoogle, Google-Bing and additionally Bing vs. Google. These applications also help you compare the differences regarding the two search search engines. You can really notice that results given by Bing are much more helpful than Google’s.
With certainty if Bing will last in the business or it might be a mere novelty item remains to remain seen. For now, Microsoft and Hotmail! are quite positive about Bing’s upcoming. They see Bing as being the future’s best indexing google search because they designed it to get more than merely takes a simple search tool. It can be a tool where customers can ask any variety of queries you can look into. The future is bright as the Las Vegas lights for Bing.
.
When you are trying to get your website seen by customers, you’ll want to decide upon using paid lookup, natural search, or a mixture of both. When selecting paid vs normal search, think about their advantages and disadvantages and go with the one that fits your business model best.
Paid back search is after you pay Google or another search results for your site to become displayed others in terms of the search benefits. Your website url, a headline, along with a small description tend to be shown. It will be grouped with many other sponsored ads and will be on the top bar or along the right side. This is better known as PPC, or ppc traffic. You pay the search engine money, which may range from a few cents to one or two dollars, for each time a person clicks onto your ad to visit your site. natural optimization, natural optimizationToday I was going to put down my wonderful cat Binx. I was going to take him to the vet and hold him and cry while he passed quietly. But my baby cat has never been one to do things by the book and that’s not what happened.
I should have gone yesterday. I could tell that he was ready, but I put it off so Adorabeezle could come with me. I knew I needed someone with me, but I wish I had been stronger. This morning I woke up to the most horrible noise I’ve ever heard. It was a struggle for him, and I began praying fervently that the Lord would just take him. About half an hour later he died in my arms. He did no go peacefully, and I did it alone.
It was awful. Yet I am relieved. I’m relieved he is no longer suffering. I’m relieved that he won’t need to take any more pills that he hates. I’m relieved that he doesn’t have to fight for his life anymore.
Right under that relief, I am devastated and the tears will come. But if nothing else, throughout his entire life, this cat has taught me that I am strong. That I can face what I don’t think I can handle. That I can do things I never thought I could. Binx saw me through a lot in a few short years and I will miss him terribly. It was a honor to call myself his mama, and I will always love him.
I apologize for my continued absence. I will be mourning and moving over the next few days. I will be back, Internet, but until then please remember my baby.
I am so sorry to hear about Binx. And I am so sorry you had to go through those painful last moments, but you were there for him. He died in the arms of the person he loved best and he didn’t have to pass away alone. You were there for him when he needed you the most and that is the best we can do as pet owners. Sending lots of love and prayers your way.
Thank you so much Julie. Your words are much appreciated.
I agree with Julie. He died in the arms of the person he loved best in the world. I am so sad for you and love you so much. Know that we are here for you and do not hesitate to ask for anything!! Praying for you!
Thanks love.
Liz I can not even imagine the pain you are going through. But you are the best furmama a kitty could ask for. It is a blessing that you could be there for him. Praying for you.
Thanks lady
My heart breaks for you Liz. I’ve been thinking about you these past couple weeks and checking your blog for updates. I am very very sorry for your loss, but it must be comforting to know Binx is now at peace. I bet he was very happy to have you close to him in his final moments. Thinking of you…
-Alex
Thanks so much lady
I’m so, so sorry. He had such a wonderful mama and a good, good life. Bless you both. Praying for you, Liz! xo
Thank you so much!Since most people post about their kids on their blog sites, I decided to post something about our "kids." This is Jade and Josey just hanging out while I cook dinner. Jade is only 5 months old. She is learning how to sit...along with some other things. Luke is hoping to teach her to be a world champion hunting dog. We have had Josey since October of 2006. Luke got her for me on my 23rd birthday!
Tonight Luke and I got to babysit Bailey and Aiden (our neighbors kids). They are so sweet! We had a wonderful time. We ate chicken enchilladas and ice cream! After dinner, we played outside and colored. Here is a video of the kids playing.
One more interesting thing that happened tonight was that Luke killed a rabbit in our backyard with his bow. *I think he has been watching too many hunting videos. And remember, we don't live out in the woods or anything....we live IN TOWN! The kids were so sad the rabbit was dead and Luke left me to console and explain everything to them. :-( Here is a picture of Luke and the rabbit (and Jade).
Needless to say, It was a fun and eventful night at the Woodard house.
2 comments:
yeah!!!!!!! great job on the blog!! I will email you the pictures from Crossover today!
did luke bust his bottom lip in those picture and video?? hahaShops & Cafe's
Wanderings Decor & More
Name: Wanderings Decor & More
Description: Wanderings offers an extensive collection of eclectic styles. From traditional to primitive; industrial to transitional; coastal to cabin. Wanderings mixes exotic or funky with more traditional, transitional lines. We do this with our furniture, jewelry, gifts and home decor lines.
Name: The Antique and
Name:
Name: Herald Newspaper
Name: Havana Herald Newspaper
Description: Publishing & Commercial Printer
Hours of Operation:
Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Address: 103 W 7th Ave, Havana, FL 32333
Telephone: (850) 539-6586
Website:
Havana Package Store
Name:
American Sportsman
Name: American Sportsman
Description: Taxidermist
Address: 305 N Main St, Havana, Fl, 32333
Telephone: (850) 616-1040
Website: americansportsmaninc.com
Betty Kellum Realty
Name:
Betty Kellum Realty
Description: Havana’s Best Realtor
Address: 107 8th Avenue West, Havana, Fl, 32333
Telephone: (850) 539-0989
Website: bettykellumrealty
Stone's Home Center
Name:
Subway
English Rose Cafe
Name: The English Rose Café
Address: 107 W 7th Avenue, Havana, FL 32333
Description: A new café and shop that offers Anglo-American cuisine cooked to order, coffees, teas preserves, fudge and sweet treats! Family friendly, serving kids meals between 4:00 and 6:30 p.m. and Happy Cocktail and Beer Hour from 4:00-6:00 p.m.
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday 11 a.m. – 4 PM
Thursday 11 a.m. – 8 p.m.; Pie & A Pint Night/Tart & A Wine Night
Friday 11 a.m.- 9 p.m.
Saturday 11 a.m. – 9 p.m.; Happy Hour 4:30-6:30 PM
Sunday 11 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Address: W 7th Avenue, Havana, FL 32333
Telephone: (850) 559-5412
The Feed Store
The Feed Store
Description: A locally, family owned Nutrena dealer.
Hours of operation:
Monday-Friday 9:00 a.m.- 6 p.m.
Saturday 7:30 a.m.- 2 p.m.
Address: 10206 Florida Georgia Highway, Havana, FL 32333
Phone: (850) 539-3337
Enjoy Life Vintage Store
Enjoy Life Vintage Store
Description: Enjoy Life is a must see kind of store! There is something for everyone, the people are amazing & New Inventory happens ALL the time so don’t miss out!
Hours:
Tuesday-Sunday 10:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m.
Address: 3874 Florida Georgia Highway, Havana, FL 32333
Premier Lawn & Landscape
Premier Lawn & Landscape
Description: Premier Lawn & Landscape Inc. provides Sprinklers & Irrigation, Fertilization & Feeding, Custom Design to it’s customers.
Address: 10382 Florida Georgia Highway, Havana, FL 32333
Phone: (850) 539-7779
Traditions Too occupies one of the oldest buildings in town, with over 5000 sq. ft. of individual dealers. We offer unique collections of home furnishings, antiques, vintage furniture and wares, collectibles and hand-crafted jewelry. We also have an ice cream parlor and lunch counter.
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday - Saturday 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Sunday Noon – 5 p.m
Address: 208 NW 1st Street
Telephone: (850) 364-9196 or (850) 539-8424
Website:
Kellum's Furniture
Name: Kellums
Name: Weezie’s Cottage
Description: Weezie’s Cottage is a restored 1860’s cottage located in the heart of downtown Havana. The shop is full of wonderful things for your home or cottage.
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday - Thursday: 11 a.m.- 5 p.m.
Friday-Saturday: 11 a.m.- 6 p.m.
Sunday: 1 p.m.- 5 p.m.
Also Open by Appointment for home consultation and design services.
Address: 201 NW 1st Street Havana, Florida 32333
Telephone: (850) 539-9001
Aromatherapy Workspace & Boutique
Name: Aromatherapy Workspace & Boutique
Description: Workshops, Demonstrations, Essential Oils and Aromatherapy
Accessories! Aroma Jewelry, USB Diffusers, Organic Joj oba Oil, Organic Wool Dryer Balls and more!
PLUS
Vintage gifts, antiques, collectibles and art!
Hours of Operation:
Thursday – Saturday 11 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Sunday - Closed
Address: 100 8th Avenue West, Havana FL 32333
Telephone: (850) 545-5777
Website:
Planters Exchange
Name:
Name:
Name:
Name:
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday thru Saturday 9 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Address: 102 E. 7th Avenue, Havana, Fl 32333
Telephone: (850) 539-7887
Facebook: Bloomingdealsofhavana
Black Crow
Name: Black Crow
Description: Unique, vintage and funky fun stuff! Retro toys (nothing with a battery!), sodas and candy from another era are interspersed with unique gifts and garden items. Be sure to check out the Bargain Corner for vintage and new items that are constantly changing. Also carries locally made soaps and handcrafted items!
Hours of Operation:
Thursday 11 a.m.- 3 p.m.,
Friday – Saturday 10 a.m.- 5 p.m.
Sunday Noon – 5 p.m
Address: 308 1st St NW, Havana, Fl, 32333
Telephone: (850) 616-1336
Gadsden County Humane Society (GCHS)
Name: Gadsden County Humane Society (GCHS)
Hours of Operation: None – No Facility – All Volunteer Organization
Address: PO Box 1268, Havana, FL 32333
Telephone: (850) 539-0505
W2 Mod
Name: W2 Mod
Description: W2 Mod is an extension of Wanderings which has been in downtown Havana for 24 years. We opened a second store to expand into more jewelry, accessories and garden decorations.
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday - Friday 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Saturday 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Sunday Noon-5 p.m.
Address: 215 NW 1st Street
Telephone: (850) 616-5085
Poppy's Coffee & More
Name: Poppy’s Coffee & More
Description: Poppy’s Coffee & More features hot and cold espresso drinks, lemonades and brewed coffee! They have yummy treats from Gluten Free Garage and Katie’s Cakes! They also have gifts like Amelia Island Toffee and at home fondue!
Hours of Operation:
Wednesday - Friday 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Saturday 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Sunday Noon-5 p.m.
Address: 312 NW 1st Street
Telephone: (850) 539-7711It has been a really busy couple of weeks and I really wasn’t sure what to do the blog on this week. I then remembered that I had been tagged to do the “black and white five day challenge!”
Thought i’d put a bit of a twist on it and post five black and white photographs I took over the last couple of years, with details of when and where they were taken. So here goes….
I took the photograph above at the Helmsdale Highland games a couple of years ago. Great memories from this day, especially having a huge bowl of strawberries and cream! What a beautiful car!
The photograph above was taken at The Mound in Golspie. It was a beautiful day and I love the contrast in this photograph.
Photograph 3 is of Bugatti cars. We were out for a day trip and all of a sudden on the way back about one hundred Bugatti’s went by. What an amazing sight!!!
Photograph 4 is still one of my favourites. It’s of a beautiful seal pup that was very playful. I just like to sit and watch them, but I have noticed they like to try and approach me. I never let them get too close!
Photograph number five was taken at the Paris Photography Workshop a couple of years ago. This workshop was an amazing experience and we met so many wonderful people. (I also tried snails for the first time in my life) We also met Denise Lawry there, who nominated me for the black and white challenge! :)
Hope you have enjoyed my twist on the black and white challenge and have enjoyed the blog!This week I’m studying Mark. Back in the fall of 1981, I was a grad assistant for a lecture course on Mark at Albertus Magnus College, a women’s college at the time. The margins of my old Bible are filled with interesting insights that the professor offered during that course.
I had not thought of Mark, for instance, as a rather “dark” gospel. The story is framed by two declarations of Jesus as the (or a) Son of God, the first verse, and … the regretful declaration of the centurion who watched Jesus die (15:39). If you knew nothing about Jesus, you might ask, What kind of “good news” (1:1) is this?
Furthermore, Jesus’ identity is a matter of some mystery. Very early in the account, the powers that be want to destroy him (3:6), and his own friends and family consistently fail to understand him. Those who are on the “outside” (the demon-possessed, other Gentiles like that Roman soldier) do understand him. Some would like to proclaim Jesus, but he tells them to stay quiet (3:12), reflecting a theme of what scholars have called “the Messianic secret” in Mark (1:25, 34, 44, 3:12, 5:19, 43, 7:36, 8:30, 9:9, 16:7). Nearly from the beginning of the Gospel, Jesus creates misunderstanding and confusion.
At the end, Jesus’ own followers let him down. “And they all forsook him, and fled,” reads 15:50. (During that 1981 class, I wrote in the margin, “Now they understand!” That is, they realized that following Jesus would indeed involve suffering and possibly death, and at this stage they fled such a prospect.) Like the other gospels, Jesus’ women friends and relatives are most loyal to him (15:40). But the gospel ends with them, too, running away in fear (16:8). The somewhat abrupt beginning of Mark is framed with an abrupt ending.
Of course, we know now that the risen Jesus did appear to his followers and friends, male and female, and they gained new faith and courage. But if you just read Mark “cold” for the first time, you might scratch your head at the gospel’s sadness and irony. In her book The Reluctant Parting, Julie Galambush suggests that Mark's community may have been in a crisis situation during the dark times of the revolt against Rome in 67-73 CE.
As I wrote a few posts ago, a favorite book from my college religion courses.
A basic outline of Mark:
The beginning of Jesus’ story, John the Baptist, Jesus’ baptism, and the wilderness temptation (1:1-13). There are no “Christmas stories” here.
Jesus’ ministry in Galilee (1:14-9:50)
Jesus’ miracles of healing
His teaching about the Sabbath, fasting, his true kindred
His parables (chapter 5)
Other miracles like the thousands fed, the walk upon the sea, the healing of the Gentile woman’s daughter, and others
The Transfiguration, and Jesus’ teachings about his death and resurrection
Jesus and his group journey to Jerusalem (10:1-52)
Jesus’ final week (11:1-16:8)
The Palm Sunday entry
The cursed fig tree
The temple incident
Disputes with Sadducees and Pharisees
The Apocalyptic Discourse
The Last Supper and Gethsemane
Jesus’ arrest, trial, execution, death, and resurrection
A later addition to Mark’s gospel, including extra teaching to the disciples by the risen Jesus (16:9-20)
In his Writings of the New Testament, Luke T. Johnson points out that we don’t really know Mark’s identity's community, and the reasons why he wrote (p. 148). While we an figure out that Mark was the major source for Matthew and Luke, we don’t know Mark’s sources (p. 149). My old Harper’s Study Bible suggests the traditional idea that Peter the disciple who informed Mark, and that Mark may have been the young man strangely referred to in 14:50-51.
Johnson (I keep wanting to call him “Luke,” because that’s what all of us students of his call him) notes that Mark has an triadic “architectonic principle”: things appear in threes, like the three seed parables (4:3-32), three sets of public opinion (6:14-15, 8:27-28), three predictions of Jesus’ suffering (8:31, 9:31, 10:33-34), and of course Peter’s three details (14:66-72) (p. 151).
Johnson discusses several aspects of Mark’s structure (pp. 151-153). But one very key turning point is the declaration of Jesus’ identity by Peter (8:27-30), followed by the Transfiguration (9:1-7). At this point in the story, the assurance that Jesus is the Son of God connects with the opening verse, the centurion’s realization, and also Jesus’ own declaration in 14:62 (pp. 152-153).
The original ending of Mark seems to be 16:8, attested to by the earliest manuscripts. The longer ending of 16:9-20 does give us a famous verse about snake-handling.
I like Johnson’s ideas about Mark’s gospel: “Mark’s readers would naturally, as we still do, identify themselves with the disciples. Mark therefore uses that relationship to teach his readers. The message is mainly one of warning against smugness and self-assurance. He seems to be saying ‘If you think you are an insider, you may not, in terms of obedience and service’” (p. 158).
A wonderful, always timely warning and reminder.Magpie's had a good week. She met Jelly's massive family and stole stuff from some of 'em. Stuff which is now stuffed in a secret spot in her room. Some of it was shiny~ So now she's sitting out front of the Rusty Bucket with a book open on the seawall in front of her. Yeah, a book — what's going on here?!
Clear skies and sunny days! That's what the town seems to be like of late. And that means at least one of the dragon twins is out and doing…well, dragon twin stuff. Dragonheart, the filly, tip-hoofs her way through the boardwalk as she spies on ponies. Every pony. Especially all the pegasi who seem to be /everywhere/ lately. Ears craned forward, the lavender filly hunkers down behind a barrel near a rather unsavory tavern (coincidentally called The Unsavory Tavern - we sell sweet pies!) not too far from the Bucket. In particular, she's listening to conversation, and parroting it under her breath.
"Hey, what's that you got there? Is it a storybook? Or is it one of them math books or something?" Pumpkin peeks up from behind the seawall at her friend. "You think maybe somepony oughtta be keepin' an eye on Dragonheart?"
"KEEP AN EYE ON DAGONHART," shouts the foal in question.
Pegasus everywhere. Feathers /everywhere/. Expressions of joy and happiness and helpfulness /EVERYWHERE/. Why if one weren't already dispositioned towards enjoying the constant outbursts of glee, one might be having a really rotten time of it.
Enter Sunshine Stormcloud. Whom, while she does have the soul of a filly running around somewhere in that off-white pelt, hasn't completely kicked the shroud of stormy attitude that sometimes masks it. Thus she's sulking amid the sheer mass of 'fun' going on, ambling down the boardwalk on 'patrol'. Dragging a bag behind her and a litter-skewer in her mouth, picking up trash that the tourists (in her eyes anyway) leave behind. Grumble, grumble. Oh look, a wrapper next to a totally innocent foal. Let me just stab that for you 'kay thanks.
Magpie yelps and jumps, knocking the book over the edge! She scrambles to grab it, it tumbles towards the water—
A rose glow stops the book just short of disaster and Magpie jerks it up, hugging the book protectively to her chest. "Don't DO that!" she gasps. "And I *am* keeping an eye on her! She's right… there!" A vague wave of a hoof turns to an emphatic point-point when the filly helpfully shouts.
Pumpkin's ears twitch at the shout. "Yeah, ah guess she's not exactly hard to spot. C'mon, let's try to keep her outta trouble." She starts cantering off in the direction of the little savage.
Magpie pffft. "Good luck," she grumps as she follows Pumpkin.
Chomp!! Dragonheart grabs hold of the litter picker as it drops down in front of her, and when Sunshine tries to lift it, there's a filly attached. "Rrrr!! Hrro!"
Stab, lift, plunk. That's how it should have gone. Sunny stabs the litter. Lifts the litterskewer. …No, no, LIFTS the…oh what in the world? She eyes the end of the skewer, to see a little foal filly growling at it! "Wha… Hey gerrof! If my sfewr!" Shake-shake-shake! "Don' maf me fut yoo im my bag!"
"You've got a filly on your stick," Magpie says helpfully. "Hi, Sunshine! How's it goin'?" Filly notwithstanding.
Pumpkin says "Dragonheart, you might wanna let go of that there stick. She's tryin' to get work done."
More shaking! Sunshine growls back at the little squirt clinging to the pointy skewerstick, then blinks at Magpie and Pumpkin when they approach. "Rrrrr? Oh 'ey. How'f i' goin'?" Shake-a-shake!
Tug of war? Tug of war!! Dragonheart tugs on the trash-poker, shaking her fool filly head as she tries to pull it out of Sunshine's mouth. Her little hooves dig into the dirt outside the Unsavory Tavern, though at least her gaze is more playful than aggressive. "Rrrr! Gerrof! If my sfewr!" she repeats.
Magpie giggles a bit. "She says it's her skewer," she translates helpfully, reaching over to rub Dragonheart's back. "Do you need some help, Sunny?" She reaches over to grab Dragonheart by the haunches and pulls.
"Hey! Fee'f cofing me!" Sunny grunts, digging /her/ hooves in against the boardwalk as well! "…Fine! Taf FIS!" Hyah! A mighty pull of Stormcloud attempts to yank the skewer free and deposit the filly into her garbagebag! …Though now that Magpie's grabbing hold it may end in a flung skewer instead!
GAME: Sunshine-Stormcloud made a skilled roll with an outcome of Okay.
Pumpkin just sits back and watches. Idly, she reaches into a pouch she has tied to her waist. "Walnuts?" she asks Magpie.
Between the yanking in either direction, Dragonheart relinquishes the picker with a yowl. "HEEEYYYY!" she shouts at Magpie, rolling over on her back to flail mightily like a particularly upset cat. "Whyyyyy?" she asks. Nay, wails.
Magpie acks and stumbles back a few steps, holding her hooves up for defense. "That stick isn't yours! It's Sunny's!" Like Magpie knows so much about personal property, right? "You can't just take it away!" She shakes a hoof at Dragonheart.
Victory! Sunshine, with the force of this tug, ends up throwing herself back onto her back, the skewer flung far up, up, up into the air, spinning like a great pointy baton! Flipflipflipflipflip, ting~ Into the sky… Sunshine stares at where it disappeared from view. …And secretly hopes a pegaus caught it. NO! Bad Stormcloud! …Hope that it…landed…safely in some dirt. Somewhere. …sigh. "Welp. Guess I'm off duty for the night."
"Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine," whines Dragonheart at Magpie, though the foal watches the skewer arc upwards… and then pouts. "Can't just take it away," she repeats, pouting thoroughly and scuffing the dirt like a bad-tempered foal. … Y'know, like she is.
Pumpkin says "Ah wonder where that landed? Think we'll find it somewhere, Magpie?"
Magpie awwws. She reaches out to poke the filly's nose. "Not yours," she disagrees. "Oooh, but we can go find it! Go fetch, Dragonheart!"
Meanwhile, at an impromptu pegasus barbecue. A bag of marshmallows is being carried towards a bonfire when…
*SNICK*
A pointed stick tears right through it, taking several marshmallows with it and landing with a THUP smack in the middle of one of the burning logs. Where a couple pegasus foals promptly cheer and enjoy impromptu gooey burnt goodness.
Sunshine goes about the painful business of getting back on her hooves. Darn metal contraptions always make that a painful process. "…Those foals are sure learning fast. Are you guys teaching them new tricks now, or are they learning to be little brats all on their own?"
"Fetch fetch fetch fetch!" Dragonheart barrels forward, not having the slightest clue what fetch means. She bolts down the street without a single care for where she's going or who she might bump into!
(OOC) Dragonheart: Clearly there must be a roll-off to see who Dragonheart runs into.
Cricket rolls 1d20 — Result: 3 | Sum: 3
Dragonheart rolls 1d20 — Result: 3 | Sum: 3
(OOC) Cricket snrks
(OOC) Cricket rerolls
(OOC) Dragonheart: … Of course it apparently likes 3's.
Cricket rolls 1d20 — Result: 6 | Sum: 6
(OOC) Cricket doubles the odds!
(OOC) Cricket: In an even, even
Snapdragon rolls 1d20 — Result: 9 | Sum: 9
(OOC) Snapdragon: …wow.
(OOC) Cricket giggles
(OOC) Dragonheart: Multiple of 3, go!
Pumpkin rolls 1d20 — Result: 3 | Sum: 3
Cricket rolls 1d20 — Result: 14 | Sum: 14
Snowfield rolls 1d20 (Go Go Gadget Not Even In This Scene!) — Result: 7 | Sum: 7
(OOC) Cricket: AH-HA's!
(OOC) Snowfield: multiples of 7 represent
(OOC) Cricket gangstahnods.
Cricket rolls 1d20 — Result: 4 | Sum: 4
(OOC) Snowfield: Now that's just silly.
(OOC) Cricket: Aaaaaaanyway….
(OOC) Dragonheart will run into Snappy, then. XD
(OOC) Dragonheart lets Snapdragon pose the collision?
(OOC) Snapdragon: sure~
(OOC) Magpie just watches. <3
Snapdragon is also currently running! Well, bounding, more like. Out from the forest, from the looks of the little bits of melting snow on his wings and mane and tail! He's scurrying along, looking puffed up and pleased with himself! And not paying attention one tiny bit, apparently, because he gets bowled right on over by Dragonheart's charge.
"Wagggghhh! Sapdagon, gah!" Dragonheart flails from her pile of not-so-feral foal. "Fetch fetch!"
Magpie trots after Dragonheart. "Hah! You fetched your brother! Good girl!" She beams. Feral foals are so cute. ^^ "But where's the stick?!"
"STICK STICK STICK!" shouts Dragonheart, though as she looks around, there are no sticks on the ground. And that's boring. So she scrambles back to Magpie. "…Cookie?" she says hopefully. Beam!
"Aaaeeeeoooaaawagh!" Snapdragon flails and tumbles, the piece of paper he'd been clutching in his mouth fluttering to the ground. He kicks his little hooves, reaching to try and snatch it up again. "Fet fet!" He can mimic noises too! See!
Thump, clop, thump, clop. Sunshine decides, since she's off the clock and all, to follow the trail of rampant cute brattiness. She pauses a few steps behind Magpie, tapping her chin with a hooftip. "..He hasn't quite caught onto speech like his sister, has he?"
Magpie says, "Aww, he'll figure it out." She scoops up Snappy and hugs him all tight! So cute! That may make it harder for him to grab his paper. She giggles at Dragonheart. "I don't have any cookies. Just this book," she says, levitating the book for emphasis.
"Book? Book boook book booook." Dragonheart hops and tries to grab the book but it's so high up! So she runs over to Sunshine and hops. "Book! Book! Book! Mine? Book!"
Snapdragon squirms a bit, though less in an 'escapey' way and more just trying to get at the paper. "Mahpi!" He flutters his wings and, after a moment's squirming, settles for hugging onto her foreleg. "…Ook?"
"Yeah, they're absolutely darling." Sunshine says in as fake a flat voice as possible. …She really /does/ think they're cute! Dragonheart earns a pat on her head for being so adorable. Then she spies…the paper! Augh. Sunshine frowns at the paper. "Geez.. Even your little monsters are litterbugs. Can't anyone just keep a street clean these days?" She stomps her way over to the paper and…realizes she doesn't have her stick. Meh. "Maggie, little dear, would you be so kind as to pick up that scrap and dump it in my trashbag here?"
Magpie releases Snappy. "Put it in the trash," she encourages. In case that's not clear, she points at the paper, then taps Sunshine's bag.
Dragonheart bounds after Sunshine and then watches Magpie's instruction — but with an impressive feat of will or forethought, she refrains from doing it, instead looking at Snapdragon. She can be a good sister. Sometimes.
Snapdragon blinks up at her, then at the paper. What? Oh! Yeah! His paper! He scurries to scoop it up again. "Aeeeooo!" But he doesn't seem interested in putting it in the trash. Instead he bounces over to Dragonheart, trying to show it to her. "Eeeeaaaoooaauuu!" It's got writing on it, see. Not that that's probably what he's concerned with.
Magpie says, "No, no! In the trash. The trash!"
"Aiiiyaaahwaah?" Dragonheart asks, cocking her head to the side, to look at it. "Awuuuwuuu?"
The paper smells… somewhat familiar! Like the forest, and like a place they're not reeeeally supposed to be. See? See? Snapdragon can be brave and adventurous too! See?! "Aaaeoooaa!"
"Oy…" Sunshine oys. "He's attached to that scrap, isn't he? Well whatever, I'm off the clock now anyway."
Magpie leans in to try to read the paper, starting to get curious.
Sniff sniff! "Wah!!" Dragonheart blinks and then tilts her head at Snapdragon. "Woooowwww! You mean scary rawwroor?" She seems mighty impressed!
Sproing!
Sproing!
Sproing!
A pegasus filly bounces across the beach! She doesn't seem to be using her wings for much other than to give her jumps a boost and soften her landings. Why, it almost looks like a grasshopper…or…Cricket!
Snapdragon bounces a few times, looking pleased with himself all over again. He's a big brave pony! Rawr! He notices Magpie's look and turns to show off his trophy to her as well. He's impressed one sister, let's see if he can impress the other! "Waan eee Mahpi sow!" Whatever that means.
The paper appears to be a written journal entry of some variety, or at least a part of one seeing as it was torn out of whatever manuscript it was written in.
------------------------------------------ | occupy my mind. If I can keep myself | I feel in my chest. No sign of | their lesson after their last | creatures, snowbunnies. What | as adorable as possible and then | get close to investigate? | | | -------------------------------------
Magpie's eyes narrow and her mouth moves as she sounds out the words, hanging up a bit on "adorable" and "investigate". She finally looks up at the kid. "Where did you find this?" she asks, rubbing her chin with one hoof.
Sunshine goes about the arduous task of tying a garbagebag closed with hooves. Which is surprisingly easier than one would think! Over, under, through, and~
"So what is it? A circus flyer? An invitation piece? A treasure map? Oh wait, it's the deed to the mayor's manor, isn't it? Someone was bound to find it sooner or later!"
"Awoooo! Wow wow wow Sapdagon! Mean rawrrooooor? Grr grr?" Was the scary monster there? She shoves her nose into the paper and sniffs.
Snapdragon blinks up at Magpie, then points towards the forest, because apparently he hasn't grasped the concept of 'not telling some things' yet. "Sow oooaaa eeeaan rawrrooor grr! Aaaaeeeaaa wahn meh!" …He tries.
Magpie says, "It looks like somebody's diary." She pokes at Snappy. "He says he found it in the forest. Who would have a diary in the middle of wintersong? Maybe it's from somepony at Daybreak?"
Sproing!
Sproi…THUD!
Cricket notices the gathering of half of Ruby's foals and looses her bouncing concentration, resulting in a fall and tumble on the beach. Hoping none of the others saw her, she slowly makes her way over until she's peering over Magpie's shoulder at the paper. "Whatchall got there?"
SNIFF SNIFF SNIFF. As Snapdragon gives away their DEEP DARK SECRETS, she gasps and throws a hoof over his mouth and looks at Sunshine and Magpie with big eyes. "No no no no no thing no thing!!" But when Cricket appears, she yelps in surprise.
The thought makes Sunshine grimace. "I hope not. I don't like the thought that they're scampering all the way to Daybreak just to rummage through someone else's house." She glances at the two feral-ish foals. "As a member of the city guard, I suppose it's my duty to help keep the peace between cities. I'll just have to go ask'em about it." Then suddenly there's a Cricket! "Oh. Hey kid."
Magpie shrugs to Sunshine. "Well, I guess we could… Snappy, show me where you got this! Let's go there!"
"Whoa whoa, not tonight!" Sunshine says, arranging her trashbag. "I gotta at least tell the boys I've got a mission to go do. But if you wanna come with me, and bring your little bloodhounds with you when we do, that'd be really helpful!"
Magpie says, "Welllll… okay. I guess." She trots over and gives Sunshine a big hug!
"Mmph!" Snapdragon blinks over at Dragonheart, them promptly starts chewing at her hoof. It's in his mouth! Nomnomnomslobberdrool.
Cricket yelps right back at the foal and peers even closer at the paper. Scribble scribble…I…scribble…feel…scribble. It would help if she knew how to read! She peers around, "Whuts this 'bout goin' inta the forest? Can I come? That's sounds like sooo much fun! CanIcanIcanI?"
Sunshine returns the hug! "I'll be home soon as I drop this stuff off." Then Cricket begins jumping about coming on an adventure. "Hm? Uhm…" She rubs the back of her head, "Kid, your parents aren't anywhere near here to ask for permission to go somewhere as dangerous as the forest. Are you sure you wanna go marching towards uncertain doom with us?"
"DOOOOOOOM!" adds Dragonheart helpfully.
"OOOOOM!" Snapdragon echoes around his mouthful of hoof.There that offer degrees in traditional campus programs have the same faculty address their online degree programs, which means the same professors are applying the same standards to the same type of class; it is just presented via the Internet instead of behind a desk.
- Online degrees are not accepted in the workforce or at other colleges. Provided you make sure that your online degree comes from an accredited institution, it holds the same merit and value as a campus-based degree. As mentioned previously, these degrees follow the same guidelines used by the campus-based equivalents at their school. This means getting employment with your degree or advancing to another level of study at a different college is no more or less difficult than if you obtained your degree via a campus.
- The credits from an online degree program are not transferable. If you begin your online degree and decide to transfer to another college during your study, your credits may be transferable to other accredited universities. Facts About Distance Learning Education claims over half the online programs can be transferred to any other program, including campus-based degrees. It is important to check with the online school in which you attend to learn more about transferability guidelines.
- Online schools are not accredited. Many online schools have accreditation from either the U.S. Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education. Some of these schools have received accreditation from both. It is important to review your online school of choice to make sure they have passed these accreditation guidelines; however, know when looking for your online education that most schools have passed this accreditation process and provide the same quality education you would find at a traditional campus-based university.
- Online degrees are provided by low-budget schools. There are several reputable, established colleges out there that thrive on campus-based and online education, like Saint Leo University, which has been participating in education since 1889. These colleges are by no means considered low budget. There are colleges out there that work on very low budgets without any kind of accreditation, offering degrees with no real backing; they are typically called degree mills. So long as you avoid these online education traps and go to a reputable, established location, your online degree will be provided to you with the same prestige and esteem as a campus-based degree.
Answers :
How do I get quality pictures with the right settings
That's the beauty of digital photography. The pictures don't cost anything. Try your camera at different settings and examine the results. It's a great learning tool! ... Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX12’.
However, if this was once true, it is no longer the case. Even at the apparent high point of Australia’s influence, when it successfully secured the support of the Pacific Islands Forum to lead the Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands in 2003 and then persuaded Papua New Guinea (PNG) and Nauru to agree to smaller interventions in 2004, it has faced limits.
During the Solomon Islands intervention, Australia was constantly criticised by government officials and civil society. In PNG, Australia was forced to withdraw its police after a successful constitutional challenge to the immunity granted to them. In addition, in Nauru, Australia’s governance assistance became increasingly contingent on Nauru’s agreement to host an asylum seeker processing centre.
The limits of Australia’s influence became clearer following the 2006 coup. Australia’s efforts to isolate and adopt sanctions against the military regime had little effect and, in 2012, Australia resumed formal diplomatic relations with the military regime two years before Fiji returned to democracy.
More recently, changes to the broader Asia-Pacific power structure have altered the geopolitical landscape. Most notably, China has increased its aid to the region and Russia recently made a significant donation of military equipment to Fiji. Indeed, the viagra sans ordonnance 2013 Defence White Paper acknowledges that ‘attitudes to our role are changing’ in the region, as ‘the growing reach and influence of Asian nations opens up a wider range of external players for our neighbours to partner with’. A number of these external partners were out in force at the dialogue following the recent Pacific Islands Forum leaders’ meeting, including China, India, Indonesia, Japan and South Korea.
Australian Prime Minister Turnbull has acknowledged that the complex regional context ‘demands more engagement at every level, more integrated policy and fresh ideas’. However, while Australia’s announcement of an extra AU$80 million of funding to respond to climate change in the region was welcomed, this does not change the fact that Australia’s approach to climate change is fundamentally different to that of Pacific states.
The regional order is also evolving, with Pacific states increasingly creating, or strengthening, alternative regional and sub-regional institutions and organisations that exclude Australia. For instance, the Pacific Islands Development Forum — established by the Fijian military regime in 2012 — operates in parallel to (and potentially competition with) the Pacific Islands Forum. These alternative organisations also provide avenues for other external powers to acquire influence in the region.
PNG is an increasingly influential player in the region. However, Australia’s relations with PNG are being undermined by its reliance on PNG hosting the Manus Island Regional Processing Centre. Towards the end of 2015, the PNG government cancelled the contracts of all Australian advisers working within the PNG government. And before the recent Pacific Islands Forum Trade Ministers meeting, PNG publicly announced that it would not participate in the Pacific Islands Agreeement on Closer Economic Relations (PACER Plus) on the grounds that it did not offer enough benefits.
Australia’s strategic influence in the Pacific is waning and the characterisation of the state as a ‘regional hegemon’ is a hollow one.
Therefore, Australia faces a dilemma. It has vital strategic interests in the Pacific but comparatively less influence with which to pursue them. Pacific states are largely unwilling to accept Australian leadership and are instead exercising ‘weapons of the weak’ — foot-dragging, expelling officials, staging demonstrations, sabotaging agreements, and brinkmanship.
It is thus time to reassess Australia’s Pacific strategy. Instead of characterising the Pacific as a threatening ‘arc of instability’, Australia’s foreign policy should start from a more positive premise that recognises the region’s potential. This may help Australia work with Pacific states as their principal security partner, rather than an increasingly marginalised hollow hegemon.
Hollow hegemon: Australia’s declining influence in the Pacific is republished with permission from East Asia ForumТоку-що научихме, че експанзията на The Walt Disney Company продължава със закупуването на правата на 20th Century Fox и 20th Century Fox Television. Новина, за която бяхме чули слухове преди около месец и честно казано леко се бояхмe, че ще се случи, днес се оказа истина. В пакета, който се оценява на 52,4 милиарда (точната сума все още се уточнява), влизат Fox Searchlight Pictures, Fox 2000 и телевизионните мрежи FX Networks и National Geographic, но не и небезизвестните Fox News, които остават към империята на Fox.
Притеснява ни малко монополът, който скоро Disney ще упражняват над филмовата индустрия, но се надяваме всичко да е за добро и резултатът да бъдат едни по-изпипани филми. Припомняме ви, че след тази сделка „X-Men” и „Фантастичната четворка” най-накрая ще могат да се свържат с вселената на останалите герои на Marvel. Други франчайзи, които влизат в договорката са ”, „Kingsman”, „Умирай трудно” и „Аватар” (интересно как ще се отрази тази промяна на филмите, които Джеймс Камерън разработва в момента). А, да, любопитно ни е каква ще бъде съдбата на любимия ни Дедпул.
Дедпул и Върколака съвсем скоро може би ще се присъединят към Отмъстителите.
Ще ви държим в течение за всякакви новини по темата. В заключение ви предлагаме да хвърлите едно око на оригиналното прессъобщение:
The Walt Disney Company and Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc..
Стига БЕ!!!
The end is nigh.
дано се намери разпространение за филмите на Disney у нас, щото блурейджиите увисват здраво сега.
Има блурейджии у нас? Много уважавам физическият носител, ама дисковете са умиращ бизнес. Аз разпродадох повечето и не съм купувал нови от години. Тъжна работа…
Само да не пипат Аватара
Сега гледаш след два дни PG-13 Deadpool ;D
Този палавник пак създава проблеми.
Дали ще видим продължение на Пришълеца
Radi, не вярвам да се осмелят да бутнат Аватарите. Просто Камерън е прекалено голям, за да му се месят в нещата.Надявам се да видим Пришълецът, но не и начело с бай Ридли, имайки предвид резилът “Завет“
Plamen, “Deadpool Will Stay R-Rated, Says Disney“ 😀 😀
Погледнете го от добрата страна – поне ще получим най-накрая свестен Fantastic Four филм, от който няма да те избива да съжаление и киселини…
P.s. Започнаха да се чуват още от сега спекулации, че Дисни искали били да спрат вече заснетия X-Men Dark Phoenix, което е може би най-голямата глупост, която прочетох досега по темата.
Предвид последните тъпи X-Men-и, няма да е лошо да ги позапрат.Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
The Fire Marshals' Office is designed to protect the health, safety, and property of the City of Petersburg's residents by seeking compliance with all applicable building, fire, and property maintenance codes. Emphasis is given to public education activities and code enforcement through the performance of inspections so that the owner or occupant is made aware of the necessity for fire prevention and property maintenance measures.
In addition, the investigation and prosecution of all offenses involving fires, fire bombings, bombings, attempts or threats to commit such offenses, false alarms relation to such offenses, possession and manufacturing of explosive devices, substance, and fire bombs shall be the responsibility of the Fire Marshals' Office. Bone Slices A savory seafood filling is featured in these creepy bone pieces from our home economists. For even more fun, stack slices on a platter to resemble a backbone. —Taste of Home Test Kitchen Get Recipe More Tortilla Roll-Up Appetizers Sort: Most Relevant Highest Rated Previous Page ... 4 5 6 Next Page Black Forest Ham Roll-Ups Black Forest Ham Roll-Ups We love to entertain at home and the office. Ham and cheese rolled in tortillas make a quick and easy appetizer that's easy to transport. —Susan Zugehoer, Hebron, Kentucky View Recipe. —Sandra Stuart, Maryville, Tennessee View Recipe Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT. —Taste of Home Test Kitchen Cheese Ball Roll-Ups Cheese Ball Roll-Ups View Recipe Chicken & Bacon Roll-Ups View Recipe Crab Roll-Ups Crab Roll-Ups These festive pinwheels are the perfect finger food for the buffet table. Chutney is a wonderful surprise in the flavorful filling. Chock-full of goodies, they won't last long. View Recipe Previous Page ... 4 5 6 Next Page Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENTJosh. 24:14-28
3/26/2017
“Joshua Made a Covenant with the People”
Why are we here? Why do we come to worship service week after week? One of the pitfalls that come with religious freedom is the consumer mentality in religion. What the people with that mentality care about the most is, “What does this religion have to offer to me? How can its community and worship benefit me?” Why is that a problem? When we approach anything in that way, especially our religion, we care more about what we like or what we want rather than what is true. This is a problem because what we want and what we like may not be what is good for us.
What about Christian worship? Why does God call us to worship Him? Surely, His intention is to bestow His blessings on His people. And this is welcome news. Sometimes we feel overwhelmed by the challenges we face in life and we want some assurance that everything will be OK. Sometimes we feel lost and we are desperate for some direction. Sometimes we are discouraged and we can use some inspiring words. But what is worship? As a compound word made up of “worth” and “ship,” it means to acknowledge God’s supreme worth. It is something we give to God. Then, what is worship? What’s supposed to happen during our worship?
Today’s passage deals with Israel’s covenant renewal. We are going to see how it applies to our life, to our worship, under the new covenant, if at all. We are going to see whether this covenant renewal is unique to the Mosaic Covenant or common in all administrations of the covenant of grace. And if there’s anything unique, why and in what ways.
I just said that what we see in today’s passage is a covenant renewal. But doesn’t v. 25 say, “So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day”? But it was not a new covenant; it was a renewal of the Mosaic Covenant, which was ratified at Mount Sinai. We say this because the content of this covenant was no different from the Mosaic Covenant. At Mount Sinai, after hearing the law God gave through Moses, the people responded, “All that the LORD has spoken we will do, and we will be obedient” (Ex. 24:7). In this covenant, too, the people of Israel promise, “The LORD our God we will serve, and his voice we will obey” (v. 24).
Throughout Israel’s history, we see the Mosaic Covenant being renewed on different occasions. In fact, the first instance took place almost right after its ratification. Israel broke their covenant by building a golden calf and worshipping it while Moses was communing with God up in Mount Sinai. Upon witnessing Israel’s idolatry, Moses threw down the two tablets of stone (Ex. 32:19) upon which God inscribed the Ten Commandments with His own finger (Ex. 31:18). The smashing of these stone tablets was a dramatic picture of the covenant broken. The tablets represented the terms of the covenant, which Israel promised to keep. These tablets were like the contract papers. As such they were to be kept in the Ark of the Covenant.
God was ready to destroy Israel but He spared them at Moses’ request. (Of course, God did not really intend to destroy Israel and had to be held back by Moses’ wise counsel. It was rather to show the gravity of their idolatry–Israel deserved to be destroyed for their sin. But it was also for the purpose of testing Moses as the leader of Israel. Through all this, God was pointing us to Jesus Christ, our ultimate Mediator and Advocate.) The covenant thus broken so soon, it had to be renewed. So God renewed His covenant with Israel by giving them another set of stone tablets. (And interestingly here, too, God says, “Behold, I am making a covenant” [Ex. 34:10] while He is simply renewing the covenant.)
We can also see the Book of Deuteronomy as a covenant renewal. The exodus generation perished in the wilderness for their unbelief and rebellion. A new generation arose in their place to enter the Promised Land and take possession of it. So, Moses read the Law again (which is what Deuteronomy means) and the new generation renewed the Mosaic Covenant as the new beneficiaries of the covenant.
How about the renewal Joshua officiated here in this passage? It was prompted by his challenge to Israel to choose whom they would serve–the Lord their God or the pagan idols of Gentile nations. The people of Israel responded positively. And despite Joshua’s discouraging words–“You are not able to serve the Lord…”–they persisted on their pledge to serve the Lord alone. So Joshua made a covenant with Israel on behalf of God (which was to renew the covenant already ratified at Mount Sinai). This was appropriate, now that Israel had begun living in the land and their leader was about to pass away.
Israel renewed the covenant again under Josiah’s reign. This came after a long time of Judah’s apostasy. By this time, Israel was divided into the southern kingdom (Judah) and the northern kingdom (Israel). From its inception, the northern kingdom was in rebellion against God and His temple. The southern kingdom, Judah, was the continuation of the Davidic kingdom (as David was from the tribe of Judah). When Josiah inherited the throne, the temple was in disrepair and the law of God was long forgotten. While repairing the temple under Josiah’s religious reform, Hilkiah the high priest found the Book of the Law. When Josiah heard the Law, he tore his clothes in sorrow and fear because he understood the reason for Judah’s shame and misery: God promised to punish His people with covenant curses if they disobeyed Him and sought after the pagan idols. So, Josiah made a covenant with the Lord to walk after the Lord and keep His commandments and so did the people of Judah (made up of the tribes, Judah and Benjamin).
Something similar happened with the post-exilic community under Ezra and Nehemiah. After restoring the wall of Jerusalem, the people celebrated by having Ezra read the Law of Moses. When they heard the Law, they were deeply convicted by their failure to keep the law of God. This led to the renewal of their covenant with God (Neh. 9:38).
But covenant renewals were not unique to the Mosaic Covenant per se. The Abrahamic Covenant was renewed many times. The covenant was inaugurated in Gen. 12 when God called Abram. It was renewed in Gen. 15 when God passed through the path of self-malediction between the rows of cut up animals. It was renewed again when God instituted circumcision as the sign of the covenant. This was renewed again when Abraham passed the test and showed that he loved God more than his son Isaac. Of course, this covenant was renewed with each of the succeeding generation of the Patriarchs, namely Isaac and Jacob.
Why was it renewed so many times? When God renewed the covenant in Gen. 15, Abraham found himself in a dangerous position after getting involved in a war when he rescued Lot and his family. In Gen. 17, it was after Sarai and Abram resorted to their way of acquiring an heir through Hagar, Sarai’s handmaid. God appeared and renewed His covenant to Abraham when he felt vulnerable and weary of waiting.
God established the Davidic Covenant in 2 Sam. 7 after rejecting David’s plan to build a temple for God. The Lord promised to establish David’s throne forever. This covenant was renewed to Solomon after he built the Jerusalem Temple (1 Kings 9:4-5).
You can see some obvious differences between these and the Mosaic Covenant, can’t you? Think about the circumstances in which the Mosaic Covenant was renewed. Those renewals were occasioned by Israel’s breaking of the covenant and their recognition of the need to renew their commitment to the covenant. So the people took the initiative to renew their covenant with God. In contrast, God took the initiative in renewing the Abrahamic and Davidic Covenants. Why the difference?
We get a clue in Jer. 31. There God promised to establish a new covenant with His…” (Jer. 31:31-32). When God said He would establish a new covenant, He implied that there was an old covenant–“the covenant that I made with their fathers on the day when I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt.” This referred to the Mosaic Covenant.
How would the new covenant be different from the old covenant? God declared that the new covenant would be “not like the [old] covenant… that they broke….” The old covenant was a breakable covenant, which the people of Israel indeed broke. The new covenant would be an unbreakable covenant.
How can the Mosaic Covenant be breakable? Didn’t we affirm that the Mosaic Covenant was an administration of the covenant of grace? And if it is a covenant of grace, it cannot be broken, can it? Grace is God’s favor extended to sinners. The sinfulness of sinners, their inability to keep God’s law, is presupposed. When God established the covenant of grace, He did so with His omniscient, full knowledge of our sinfulness. He does not get shocked and dismayed because we are more sinful than He thought! That is why the covenant of grace cannot be revoked or broken. A covenant of works, like the covenant of life God made with Adam, is bilateral–that is, it requires man to fulfill certain conditions to receive the blessings of the covenant. As such, a covenant of works is breakable. The covenant of grace, on the other hand, is unilateral in nature–that is, it is not contingent on how we perform but wholly dependent on God’s sovereign grace toward us.
Does this mean that the old covenant (i.e., the Mosaic Covenant) was a covenant of works? No, we have already pointed out in previous sermons the peculiar feature of the Mosaic Covenant: while it was an administration of the covenant of grace, it included in it the Law and its works principle. Why? Paul explains in Gal. 3 that the law was added to the covenant of promise (i.e., the covenant of grace), which God made with Abraham. Notice: it was added to the covenant of promise, not given to replace the covenant of grace with a covenant of works. So Paul says, . 3:21-22).
As you can see, the law was added in order to expose Israel’s (and the fallen man’s) total inability to meet the divine demand for holiness and righteousness. But simply to chide and condemn Israel for its failure was not the ultimate goal. It was actually to drive the people of Israel to what the covenant of promise actually promised: our salvation through faith in Jesus Christ, the promised Offspring of Abraham. The law was a diagnostic tool to expose Israel’s true spiritual condition so that it would turn to the divine Physician for healing and life.
But the law served another important function: it put forth the standard which the Messiah must fulfill in order to earn our redemption. You see, the grace of a righteous God could not be an arbitrary act. It had to satisfy His demand for justice and therefore had to be a righteous grace. Such a righteous grace of God required a deposit of righteousness, which our Savior made on our behalf with His life of perfect righteousness.
So then, under the overarching theme of grace, there was within the old covenant an administration of law and works principle. It was with regard to this aspect that the old covenant was said to be broken. And if the people of Israel felt the need to renew the covenant again and again, it was because the covenant was indeed broken–many times–as we saw. So then, is there any need for covenant renewal under the new covenant, which is the covenant of grace fulfilled?
Michael Horton claims that our Lord’s Day worship is actually a covenant renewal ceremony. Interestingly, a Bible study resource available at Calvin College website points to a parallel between the covenant renewal in our passage and our Christian worship. Here are some points of parallel:
1. The people were called by Joshua to assemble before God: “Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem…. And they presented themselves before God” (v. 1). This is also what happens at the beginning of our worship when the Call to Worship is issued.
2. Joshua spoke for God and retold the story of God’s great and mighty deeds for His people (vv. 2-15). This is what happens in our worship through the reading and preaching of God’s Word as well as in our songs.
3. The people responded to God, specifically by renewing their commitment to serve God alone and obey His commandments (vv. 16-24). This is what we do in our worship when we sing our hymns of adoration and response, when we give our offerings.
4. This covenant renewal was solemnized by a written record and a stone of witness (v. 26). We do not keep a written record of our weekly worship (but we do keep track of all the baptisms performed and all the Lord’s Supper celebrated in our session minutes). Of course, the Bible is our covenant record. And in the place of a stone of witness, we celebrate the Lord’s Supper as a covenant meal as a sign and seal of the new covenant in Jesus Christ.
5. Joshua dismissed the people to return to their own homes (v. 28). So, we too are dismissed from worship with a divine benediction at the end of our worship.
()
You can see how our worship can be considered our weekly covenant renewal. But while there is a close resemblance in structure, there is a big difference in emphasis and mood. What was the emphasis in Israel’s covenant renewal? It was Israel’s certain failure to keep their covenant obligation and the threat of God’s covenant curses for their idolatry and disobedience. Although Israel’s renewed commitment was very much commendable, a dark cloud of failure tragedy hung over their future.
What about our new covenant worship? The reality of our sinfulness and shortcoming is certainly there as we confess our sins before God. But our confession is immediately followed by the divine assurance of forgiveness. Not because our confession is as sincere and heartfelt as it should be. How does our confession measure up to the resolve and sincerity with which Israel made their commitment to the Lord? But God extends His forgiveness freely and willingly on account of Jesus’ sacrifice for us!
Is there any need for us to renew our commitment to the Lord in our new covenant worship? We said that the covenant of grace is a unilateral covenant, in which God promises to do even what is required of us. We saw how it was God who renewed the covenant again and again to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, to David and Solomon. Even so, a covenant is a covenant. In its narrow sense, a covenant may just refer to the contract (as in a legal document). But in its broad and full sense, it refers to the actual relationship between the parties involved. The new covenant is certainly initiated by God and fulfilled by Christ (without our help). But why did God do what He did in Jesus Christ? “[O]ne has died for all, therefore all have died; and he died for all, that those who live might no longer live for themselves but for him who for their sake died and was raised” (2 Cor. 5:15).
As you can see, even the new covenant requires our response–a response of faith and gratitude and worship and service. Abraham responded with faith when God renewed His covenant to him (Gen. 15:6). And we are called to believe and trust in the Lord–not only for the forgiveness of our sins but also for a holy living. We are called to renew our commitment to love Him with all our being and to love our neighbors as ourselves. We are called to renew our commitment to present our bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, as our spiritual worship to Him, because of the great mercies He has shown to us in Christ (Rom. 12:1).
This idea of our worship as a covenant renewal compels us to approach it in a radically different way, doesn’t it? It doesn’t allow us to have a consumer mentality, coming to worship service just to receive something from God, from the message, from the officers and even from other, more active members of the church. Of course, God is gracious and, when He calls us to worship, His heart is full of fatherly love to bless His dear children–so dear and precious to Him because He paid a costly price of His Son to adopt us as His children!
But when as our worship is a covenant renewal, can we just sit back and expect God and others to serve us? As we are reminded of how God first loved us, we are called to renew our love, our first love, to our loving and gracious God. As we are reminded of God’s faithfulness to us, we are called to renew our commitment to God. God’s goal in saving us is not to just keep us on heaven’s social welfare program; rather, it is to enable and empower us to be and live as thriving, productive citizens in the kingdom of heaven. The feeling of being forgiven is so profound and awesome that we wonder whether God can gift us with anything better. Yet, grace upon grace, God wants us to experience the awesome feeling of God working in us, conforming us to the glory and beauty of Christ, allowing us to feel useful and significant as we participate in His work of providence and redemption!
The former Navy Seal, Eric Greitons, says that what the veterans need more than anything is not sympathy and pity; what they really need is a new purpose for their lives, which is noble enough to replace what they lived and were willing to die for when they were in the military! As God’s children, as Christ’s disciples, we are given the noblest purpose in life–to live our life for the most glorious and wonderful God and in the process do things of eternal significance and lasting impact. Our worship, our weekly covenant renewal, reminds us what our life is about–no longer living for ourselves and our petty, selfish dreams but for Him who died and rose again from the dead for us. This gives us clarity of our vision. How important it is to be reminded that, though Christian life is hard, it is simple. And if it seems complicated and complex, it’s probably because we are trying to do the impossible–serving two masters, both God and our self. Let us renew our faith and commitment to serve Him! As we do so, may we experience our Christian life and worship becoming even more vibrant and richer! For it is not the dark cloud of certain failure, which hangs over us. Though it is undeniably present, it is being dispelled by the brilliance and power of the light of Christ!>> info also have some live video sex chat options that work with most modern smartphones.
did mindy kaling dating bj novak
we've created this space in order to invite you, through our webcam, a few moments of initimity in our life of every days, since our living room or our kitchen, in our bathroom or our bedroom.
The best porn free dating websites
This web site provides free sex chat rooms without any registration being needed. When you are looking for a free online sex chat room with no registration, you want to find a place that is not going to require you pay fees, or give away your email address.
2013 skype contacts looking for cam sex
At the 2016 Golden Globes, actors and actresses (but mostly actresses, the guys all tend to look like penguins) dressed to the nines and managed to look exactly like a variety of weird objects.
does the sedating effect of avanza pass.Description
SMA Radio Controlled Sockets with Bluetooth.
Devices within this system are equipped to be controlled directly without an SMA radio-controlled socket.
Technical Data
Input voltage 100 VAC to 230 VAC
Frequency 50 Hz / 60 Hz
Maximum current 16 A
Current consumption 0.25 W to 1.5 W
Max. switching power with resistive load 3,680 W
Max. switching power with lamp load 600 W
Max. switching power with inductive load 1,200 VA
Ambient temperature − 5°C to +35°C
Relative humidity* 5% to 95%
Degree of protection IP20
Max. altitude above MSL 3,000 m
Rated value of impulse withstand voltage 2,500 V
Operating mode of the electronic switch S1
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Okay, Katya asked the other day if I'm doing Nano this year. But of course. I've even had a plan for it for most of the past year. I started out the year doing the 2 year novel (2yn) class at Forward Motion with the full intention of writing this novel, Puppet Prince, during November--or at least getting a good start on it. I wound up letting many of the assignments slide because I was having too hard a time getting into that headspace while I was revising other novels. I *knew* I'd just need to catch up in October so that I'd be ready to fly.
Hello. It's October.
Meanwhile in August I was ambushed by a Christian YA fantasy chick-lit. There were a few things that didn't quite gel in the original idea. Dragons are somewhat overdone, for instance. Vast parts of the idea seemed cliched. And yet there were other bits that stuck in my mind, but I couldn't find the unique story they wanted to connect to. It's been playing quietly in the back of my mind for a couple months now, and I thought it would keep doing that for the foreseeable future.
Wrong again.
NOW it wants to come out and play. Sigh. So which one am I writing for Nano? Neither one is fully fleshed out. Both have solid foundations with rickety ideas held together with safety pins and rubber bands on top. One bump and over it goes. I guess I'll be running with whichever one seems to take best to a hammer and nails.
This is driving me crazy.
Er.
Thursday, October 05, 2006
Enquiring minds want to know...
Labels: Puppet Prince, The Girl who Cried Squid, writing
7 comments:
Ambushed, I tell you. Ambushed.
TWO stories??? I know... just double NANO and write both!!! hahaha...
oh yeah Karen, aren't you funny...
I vote with Karen. Hey, you're not the only one with two stories, you know. ;)
Well... Sorry for that! :o) You could do a nano for this month, and a nano next month, and have both of them started. No? Why ever not? :o)
Hi Valerie--It's Chrisdd from Nano.
I wanted you to know I got the message!
I've got to get ready for a bible study this am and will get back at you later with the addy's.
Regards
Heya, Chris, good to see you!Medium, 2015
Mannequin hand, rotator, vessel, Liquid Trust oxytocin spray, Campari, water, vinyl
Documentation by Sister
Medium is a site-specific installation for the Sister window gallery. For this compact space, I was interested in invoking the psychic window display. The work features a stylized jewellery display hand continuously rotating, fingers skimming the surface of a unidentified pink liquid. The material is comprised of water, Campari and "Liquid Trust", a product claiming to contain the naturally-occurring hormone oxytocin- used by the body to promote feelings of trust, connection and intimacy. I'm interested in the notion of a medium as both substance and as communicator between parties or worlds.For
Results Plots.
With just over two weeks to go until the new Serie A season kicks off, time is running out for each club to complete their business in the transfer market.
Here, Sports Mole takes a closer look at the latest rumours from Italy and the deals that have already been completed this summer.
AC Milan
AC Milan have signalled their intent for the new season with two important signings this week. In one of the summer's most eye-catching transfers, Diego Lopez has joined the club from Real Madrid. The Spaniard was the first-choice keeper for the Whites last season, but the arrival of Keylor Navas has pushed him out of the exit door.
The Rossoneri have also signed Colombian international Pablo Armero from Udinese. The 27-year-old had a spell on loan at West Ham United last season, but made only five appearances in the league for the Hammers. In other news, the club have been strongly linked with moves for Blerim Dzemaili and Stephane Mbia and reports have suggested that they are still trying to sign Adel Taarabt from Queens Park Rangers.
Atalanta
Swansea City midfielder Jose Canas is reportedly a transfer target of Atalanta, but it is believed that the club would face tough competition from Sassuolo, Chievo and Celta Vigo for his services.
The future of Giacomo Bonaventura also remains unclear and his agent has admitted that Atalanta will allow him to leave the club if they receive a big offer for the Italian.
© Getty Images
Cagliari
Cagliari have completed the much-expected signing of Luca Ceppitelli from Parma. The 25-year-old defender has joined on a permanent basis and spent the last three seasons playing for Bari.
Manuel Almunia continues to be linked with a move to the club, but reports out of Italy today have claimed that a deal looks increasingly unlikely.
Cesena
It was revealed yesterday that Franco Brienza had completed a move to Cesena. The 35-year-old has signed a one-year deal with the Serie A newcomers after leaving Atalanta.
There have also been reports linking Juventus winger Simone Pepe to the club. He has struggled with injuries during his time in Turin and has made just a handful of starts for the Italian champions over the past two years.
© Getty Images
Chievo
Italian Under-19 international Emanuele Gatto has joined Chievo this week. The midfielder came through the youth ranks at Torino and spent last season at Lumezzane.
However, the future of Brazilian youngster Adryan remains uncertain. The midfielder only joined the Rossoblu from Flamengo in January, but it is understood that Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino is keen on bringing him to Elland Road.
Empoli
Diego Laxalt has joined Empoli on loan this week. The Inter Milan winger had a spell at Bologna last season and has played for Uruguay at Under-20 level.
The Azzurri have also wrapped up a season-long loan for Fiorentina midfielder Matias Vecino, while they are said to be tracking Paraguayan international Silvio Torales, who currently plays for Club Nacional.
© Getty Images
Fiorentina
Fiorentina are on the verge of signing Marko Marin on loan from Chelsea. The 25-year-old has struggled for first-team football at Stamford Bridge and has already undergone a medical with the Viola ahead of a season-long move.
Montpellier defender Benjamin Stambouli has been linked with a switch to Florence in recent days, but Juan Cuadrado looks to be edging even closer to an exit, with reports continuing to claim that he has agreed a move to Manchester United.
Genoa
Brazilian defender Edenilson has agreed a move to Genoa this week. He only joined his current club Udinese from Corinthians in July, but he has been sent out on loan for the new season.
Meanwhile, the club have sent Uruguayan defender Diego Polenta out on loan to Nacional and it seems increasingly likely that they will sign Inter Milan youngster Ibrahima Mbaye on a season-long deal.
© Getty Images
Hellas Verona
Hellas Verona have not added to their squad this week, but that hasn't stopped them being linked with a number of players. One of those has been Uruguayan striker Nicolas Lopez, who only joined his current club Udinese last season.
Elsewhere, Juventus defender Frederik Sorensen is reportedly a target of the club after his move to Leeds United fell through, and there also rumours suggesting that a bid for Livorno midfielder Luca Siligardi could be imminent.
Inter Milan
In the past week Inter Milan have confirmed the signing of Gary Medel from Cardiff City. The Chile international had been linked with a switch to the San Siro throughout the summer, following a string of impressive performances at the World Cup.
If reports in the Italian media are to be believed, then Fredy Guarin could be heading for Tottenham Hotspur, as it has been claimed that the Londoners have offered £9.5m to secure the Colombian's services.
© Getty Images
Juventus
Juventus have been quiet on the transfer front this week, but they have been linked with a move for Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez. The Mexican has found a regular starting spot hard to come by at Old Trafford and reports have suggested that he could join the Bianconeri as part of a deal that would see Arturo Vidal head in the opposite direction.
Meanwhile, the Old Lady are said to be tracking Olympiacos defender Kostas Manolas, but Leonardo Bonucci could be leaving after reported interest from Arsenal. It has also been reported that they have agreed personal terms with Benfica defender Luisao, but they are yet to agree on transfer fee with his club.
Lazio
Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar is reportedly on top of Lazio's list of transfer targets. They have also been linked with a move for Partizan Belgrade defender Vojislav Stankovic and the player himself has admitted that he is honoured by the Biancocelesti's interest in him.
However, a number of the club's players have been linked with a move away from the Stadio Olimpico. Senad Lulic is believed to be wanted by Southampton, while Liverpool have reportedly opened talks for £24m-rated forward Keita Balde Diao.
© Getty Images
Napoli
With Federico Fernandez looking ever more likely to leave Napoli for Swansea City, the club are thought to be in the market for a new centre-back. Widespread reports this week have claimed that Daniel Agger could be the man to replace him. It is believed that the Danish international is desperate for a move away from Liverpool and should he arrive in Naples, he would link up with his former manager Rafael Benitez.
Jonathan De Guzman, Lucas Leiva and Pedro Obiang are just some of the names linked with Napoli this week, but Jose Callejon could heading towards the exit door, with Atletico Madrid said to be keen on signing the Spaniard.
Palermo
Abel Hernandez may not be a Palermo player when the season kicks off at the end of the month. If a report that emerged yesterday is to be believed, then he could be on the way to Newcastle United.
They may also lose their first-choice goalkeeper this summer. Stefano Sorrentino was a crucial part of the team's Serie B title-winning side, but he has been linked with a move to Juventus to take on the role as understudy to Gianluigi Buffon.
© Getty Images
Parma
Parma have reportedly reached an agreement with Catania to sign midfielder Francesco Lodi. The 30-year-old had only rejoined the Rossazzurri in January after a short spell at Genoa, but he has been widely expected to leave following the club's relegation from Serie A last season.
Meanwhile, Jonathan Biabiany has continued to be linked with a move away from Gialloblu, with Everton and West Bromwich Albion said to be keen on the Frenchman.
Roma
Mehdi Benatia has been strongly linked with a move away from Roma due to his impressive displays for the club last season, but it appears that he will be staying when the transfer window slams shut at the end of the month. His agent has publicly stated that recent rumours claiming that he will join Chelsea are not true and that his future is with the Giallorossi.
Another one of Roma's standout players Miralem Pjanic has said that he received many offers to leave the club, but he wants to stay and help them to win the title this season. A possible new arrival could be Vlad Chiriches, with a report earlier this week claiming that the club are targeting a move for the Romanian defender.
© Getty Images
Sampdoria
Sampdoria have completed the signing of goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano from Palermo. The 28-year-old has spent the past two seasons on loan at Fiorentina and Arsenal and has won six caps for the Italian national side.
Following Shkodran Mustafi's departure from the club last week, it is believed that they are in the market for a new defender and fresh reports have emerged claiming that a loan move for Liverpool's Sebastian Coates is being prepared.
Sassuolo
Marco Storari is reportedly close to joining Sassuolo. The goalkeeper is currently at Juventus, but it is believed that the two clubs have been able to reach an agreement over his transfer.
There have also been reports this week linking Simone Zaza to Wolfsburg. The forward joined Sassuolo on a permanent basis from Juventus earlier this summer, but it is thought that the German club will make a move for him if they fail in their bid to land Mattia Destro.
© Getty Images
Torino
There has been a new twist in the transfer saga involving Alessio Cerci this week. Reports in the Italian media have claimed that Atletico Madrid have offered £14m for the winger, which could be enough to tempt his club into selling him.
Matteo Darmian has also been linked with a move away from Turin this summer and Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona are the latest clubs said to be interested in the full-back. Meanwhile, Juan Sanchez Mino has finally been able to complete his move from Boca Juniors, after issues regarding his passport were resolved.
Udinese
Greek international Panagiotis Kone has completed his move to Udinese. The 27-year-old has been playing in Serie A for the past four seasons and represented his country at this summer's World Cup.
It is also believed that the club are tracking Gent midfielder Hannes van der Bruggen and Napoli striker Duvan Zapata.
© Getty ImagesWorksheet #612792 : Reflection Math Worksheet (+53 Related Worksheets)
Geometry Worksheets
File #: 612792
File Type: image/jpeg File Size: 7 KB Dimension: 612x792 pixels
Updated: June 6th, 2017
This is the math worksheet #612792: Reflection Math Worksheet – Geometry Worksheets, part of the 53:
Reflection Math Worksheet - Christmas Winter Math Worksheets for 2nd 3rd and 4th ..
Worksheet #718957:
Reflection Math Worksheet - Worksheet 718957 Kindergarten Rhyming Worksheets Free
Worksheet #604780:
Reflection Math Worksheet - Free Preschool Kindergarten Addition Worksheets Printable
Find Suitable Math Worksheets for Your Needs
Mental Math Worksheets Grade 3
Free Two Digit Multiplication Worksheets
Addition Subtraction Multiplication ..
Christmas Math Worksheets 3rd Grade
Multiplication Easy Worksheets
Kindergarten Rhyming Worksheets ..
Addition Subtraction Fractions ..
Division Worksheet for Grade 4
Grade 6 Math Worksheets Printable
Picture Addition Worksheets for ..
Fractions Number Line Worksheet
Word Problem Subtraction Worksheets
Fractions to Decimals to Percents ..
Fact Families Worksheets Multiplication ..since posting about our floor renovations, i've had some questions as to how exactly i painted the floor. i'm going to lay out as best i can the steps i took. keep in mind, i'm not a professional and there may be better ways. this is just how i did it.
above is a photo of the pattern i cut out of foam core (which i'll talk about it more detail below). i think it's beautiful just on it's own. unfortunately it doesn't exist anymore which is why i took the photo. as i got to the edges of the room i had to keep cutting it down until there was nothing left. sad, sad, story.
how to: (prepping the floor)
- start with a freshly sanded or smooth floor. when the refinishers sanded the maple floors, we had them do this room as well so i had a fresh palette to work with.
- i applied a single coat of primer to the floor to start. it wasn't a very thick coat, you could still see the grain of the wood through it.
- i applied 3 coats of the base coat color. i used glossy finish porch paint because i wanted it to be easily cleanable since it's a high traffic area. (fyi, home depot is discontinuing this paint and is only going to be offering matte finish....bummer.)
how to: (creating the stencil)
- to create the stencil, i found a pattern i liked. i then recreated the pattern in illustrator and made adjustments. (ie. i made the center flower larger, took out some small line details, spaced the flowers out more etc.) if you don't have a program like illustrator, you could do this with graph paper, or something similar to ensure your pattern is perfectly symmetrical etc. (or you could ask a good friend that has access to such a program) ;)
- i scaled the pattern to the exact size i wanted it to be on our floor. make sure you have something in your design that you can use to line them up to create the pattern on your floor. for me, i could line up the dots from the previous flower to know exactly where the next one went.
- i then printed it out at full size. (most programs offer the tiling function so it will print the design on multiple pieces of paper that you can then tape together)
- i purchased the largest size of foam core from hobby lobby and taped the printout to it.
- using an hobby knife, i carefully cut out the pattern. this is not easy, especially with a rounded design such as mine was. it would be much more simple with a straight-lined design. i chose foam core since it was a big project and i wanted something that would hold up to multiple uses. i was afraid matte board or the like would end up getting soggy.
how to: (painting with your stencil)
- i measured my room to find the exact center and started there. depending on your design, this may or may not be the way you want to do it. for me, i wanted the design to run off the edges of the room from left to right, but then end short front to back, so this step was important.
- using a small artist brush i started painting in the stencil. again, i used glossy porch paint in white. for mine, it would definitely take 2 coats to get a solid color, however, we stopped at 1 because it was the look we were going for.
- after each flower, i would line the stencil up to determine where the next one went. having a floor with lines also helped ensure that i kept my stencil straight. if you did this without something that was lined, you might need to lay down a starting line to make sure your first one is straight. after that, if you line everything up they should continue being straight.
that's basically it! one tip i would suggest: if you use foam core, coat the cut edges with a couple coats of paint. i found that once it got coated with paint, it smoothed out and took care of any little imperfections there were in my cutting.
i hope that answers everything. if not, feel free to leave a comment. i'm happy to answer any questions! if you paint something, be sure to send me a link to some photos! i'd love to see!
28 comments:
Thank you so much, Lori! I'm inspired to paint one wall w/ a pattern. . . I want it to look like walllpaper. I'll keep you updated! Thanks again for the breakdown of your procedure!
that is absolutely, positively stunning!!!!!!!!!!!! nice job lady!!
This is gorgeous! One day when I own a home I want to do something like this in my damask-themed office. I am adding your blog to my Google reader. :o)
-Monica
This is beautiful! I do have a question though... when your floors were being sanded, did the sanders have any problems encountering nailheads in the floorboards? Our floors are almost 100 years old, and were originally nailed down in places and I wondered if that would be a problem for the sanding machine?
Thanks for the how-to!
an answer to Jessie's question about sanding, yes nails typically are an issue for sanders. so you have to make sure they are driven deep enough they don't snag the sander or you have to remove them.
and for Lori, love this project. i started painting my floors about 5 years ago when i got sick of all the dated carpet in our house but wasn't sure what i wanted to put down. 5 years later i still haven't covered those floors in anything put porch or left over paint (those little sample cans finally got used). i've been freehanding my patterns, but will remember your stencil idea for my next creation.
How is the floor wearing? Do you think it may be a good idea to put another finish (like polyurthane) on top? Not sure what normally is done. Thanks!, though, they are beautiful!
anonymous-
as for wear, we're actually planning on letting it wear a little because that's the look we want it to have. once it gets to a point where we'd like it to remain that way we're going to poly it. i would suggest a coat of poly right away if you want to keep it looking the same from the start.
Gorgeous project! I am thinking of painting the old pine floors in my kitchen, as well as the wide plank floors in the bedrooms, and am wondering if any amount of poly will hold up to heavy traffic. I am a bit scared to start these projects, but seeing yours gives me courage!
This is so YUMMY---wow! I've got painted yellow floors on my porch--it could use a little TLC stencil too! Thanks for the idea. I'm posting a blog about you today to inspire others!
I absolutely love how these floors turned out. My husband would NEVER let me do this! Lovely... just lovely!
You are a true pioneer of crafty innovation! Simply delicious and so adorable. Thanks for sharing!
Candace
I love this design project, just beautiful!! Thank you so much for sharing your tips of the trade!
What "name" color is the yellow/white porch paint? I love the look.
Any way that you would post a download of the template you made for your floor? I am looking to do the same pattern on mine..
Hi Lori, this totally inspired me because our wooden floorboards are yucky to look at and not worth polishing, and with this method I don't have to learn how to lay down tile. I started researching stencils available in Australia and found almost the identical pattern to what you used (by accident). I want to do something similar but have no idea how to use Illustrator (I have a trial copy). Any tips on how to turn a small image into a big vector graphic, or did you start from scratch?
love it I was wondering the name of the yellow paint? thanks
So pretty! I know you said this yellow is discontinued at Home Depot, but do you still happen to remember the name of the color?
Beautiful! so sunny and cheerful:) We are very inspired and would love to do something similar to our floors. I see you finished in summer 2009 so my big question is: Have you tired of the pattern, color, and boldness of it all? I think I would enjoy it for many years but would love to hear what you think of yours now that 2 1/2 years have passed.
Home Depot now carries Glidden floor and porch paint in high gloss sheen. I'm using it on my kitchen floor right now. So far so good.
Can you please share the stencil you used? I love it!
I found it on the blog.
Hi Lori-
I've been admiring your AMAZINGLY STUNNING yellow and white stenciled floor for some time now and wanted to let you know that I used the pattern you so generously shared to stencil a border around a bedroom floor. I LOOOOVE the pattern and was dying to use it and finally got my opportunity. My son moved out of my house :( and I went to redo his bedroom and ripped up his wall-to-wall carpeting to find hardwood floors that were in desperate need of some TLC, mainly around the borders, after years of drinks being spilled, etc. water stains galore. I didn't have the money to refinish them so I thought: I'll paint a border and stencil it with Lori's awesome pattern. I blew up your pattern at Kinko’s and ordered stencil paper online, cut it with an x-acto knife and rolled it on, touching it up with a fine brush after. Is there a way for me to e-mail you a picture or two? I feel I owe that to you if you'd like to see what you've inspired someone out there to do! Let me know.
I searched high and low for the perfect pattern for my floor and simply could not find anything I loved except for yours. THANK YOU FOR THE INSPIRATION AND GORGEOUS DESIGN!!!!
Susan
hi susan- congrats on your floor! i'd love to see photos. you can send them to lori (at) marzipaninc (dot) com
That is 10x better looking than the carpet you previously had. I’m glad that you decided to scrap the carpet for that wonderfully painted floor! What I like even more though is the step by step guide that you’ve given! This will surely help me in my future projects regarding painted floors. Thank you!
I have been looking for a thrifty way to do something stylish with my ulgy basement floor.....BINGO! THANKS
Mmm.. good to be here in your article or post, whatever, I think I should also work hard for my own website like I see some good and updated working in your site. Hardwood Flooring Orange County
I am looking for the stencil for this flower and see it is somewhere on the blog? can you point out where? thank you!New Orders in Excess of $650,000 CAD for Refinery and Pharmaceutical Customers OTTAWA, June 9 /CNW Telbec/ - Thermal Energy International Inc. (TSX-V:TMG) () (the "Company" or "Thermal Energy") is pleased to announce new GEM Condensate Return System contracts of notable interest. The company has recently secured several important orders in new developing territories for the GEM business including the Middle East and China. The company has received an order from the Kuwait National Petroleum Corp as part of a conversion to GEM trap technology at the companies Mina Al-Ahmadi refinery located in Kuwait. The order is in excess of $450,000 CAD with implementation expected early in the first quarter of FY 2010. In addition, the company is pleased to report two new orders in China from a European based global pharmaceutical corporation as part of its world-wide strategy to upgrade to GEM technology at their plants. These orders are for two of the company's plants located in North East China, and combined are worth in excess of $200,000 CAD. The company is also pleased to announce that it took part in a recent Energy Efficiency and Emission Reduction Technology Exchange Conference held in Nanchong, Chongqing China as a keynote presenter. Leaders from over 40 of the largest industrial companies from throughout Sichuan Province attended. During the conference, the company signed two letters of intent with Sichuan Yanjing Beer and Yongshen Chemicals respectively for trial implementations of the GEM Condensate Return system at their manufacturing sites in Chongqing region. The following is a link to the Nanchong Municipal Government issued news article covering the event: ., except as required by applicable securities laws.), THERMAL AUD(TM) and GEM(R) are trademarks of Thermal Energy International. To find out more about Thermal Energy International Inc. (TSX-V: TMG), visit our website at. THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE HAS NOT REVIEWED AND DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS: Tim Angus, President and CEO, (613) 723-6776
ThermalFrom inside the book
26 pages matching married in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 26
What people are saying - Write a review
User ratings
LibraryThing ReviewUser Review - Grandeplease - LibraryThing
Soiled Doves is an uncommon view of the early American West. Author Anne Seagraves tastefully lifts the veil on prostitution -which is neither glamorized nor portrayed in such a manner so as to make ...Here are our available media video downloads for your use in pre-planning your radio interview.
Media video Downloads
What Do You think of Those Babies? Thumbs UP!! 2:26 min.)
Eyewitness 2: The Next Generation Promo (1:45 Min.)
Journey From Death to Life Promo (3:50 min.)
Window 2: The Next Generation Promo (3 min.)
The 25 Year History of Sound Wave Images ( Collection of all Promos)
Eyewitness 2: The Window to the Heart (3 min. promo)
Shari Speaks in Congress 1990 (4 min.)
Remember, you can get the complete 5 DVD set which retails for $140 but through this limited time Special Offer you can receive all 5 titles for only $69.95!
Why Benefits of Ultrasound and Counseling are so critically needed in Pregnancy centers)
Media Video DownloadsThe Best Holiday Ever
Can, … More The Best Holiday EverA therapy horse has been reported missing in Jefferson County, Mo.
“Cooper” was reported missing from his pasture in Cedar Hill, Mo., July 11.
The owner — who suffered a serious injury several years ago and uses the horse to rebuild rebuild leg strength — is offering a reward for any information.
“Cooper”, who is pictured above, has special stirrups, according to Stolen Horse International. Stolen Horse International, also known as NetPosse.com is an organization that helps with the locating of missing or stolen horses.
Anyone who has seen the horse or has information is asked to call Mark Lenz at (314) 458-3009 or (314) 761-4832 or send an email to suzlenz@gmail.com.
For a printable copy of the missing horse poster, you can visit the Stolen Horse International website.
Cooper is a 12-year old, 16.2 hand Palomino Missouri Foxtrotter.
—
Please share this far and wide especially on Facebook and Twitter. And keep an eye out for this horse. Thank you.
1 thought on “Jefferson County Missouri family searching for missing therapy horse”
Thank you for sharing!ALICE’S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND
“Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland” Reviews – Legit or Scam?
Reviews about “Alice’s Adventures In Wonder Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland a scam or a legit one?
- What kind of guarantee is given?
- Is there a discount?
- Can I find Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland in rapid, torrent or download sites for free?
- What is the product owner’s credibility?
“Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland” Features
“Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland”.
“Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland” Advantages & Disadvantages
Are they safe?
You are doubtlessly safe ordering from Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland. Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland directly. Actually, it is not available in any bookstore or supermarket. You can only order via their official website Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland.
If you want to try Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland risk free, please click the following link
Domain “Whois”
Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland is not a scam. Our Review Team had similar thoughts about all products but after checking out Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland, we are very confident about its reliability. Our past experiences have thought us not to believe in products very easily. They do not give what they promise. But when we heard about the money back guarantee offer from Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland, we were tempted to give it a try. The first time we used it, we were really satisfied with what we got.
Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland is a easy to use guide including step-by-step pictures, diagrams and schematics show you how everything is done. We have now used it for 2 weeks and believe us you will never see a better product than Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland.
There are so many program like Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland in today’s market. Most of them promise the best performance. When you want to buy them, you are not sure which one to buy because most of the reviews you go through are scam. But when it comes to Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland , it is different from others. After using Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland, Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland from the day I joined it. I was wondering how to use that effectively. That is when I saw the manual which was provided by Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland . It gave me a good overview on how to use it. To be frank, it has been the best guide which I have used when compared to the previous products used. Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland also never disappointed me when it came to investment. It was the best product which I had bought.
Users found this comment helpful. Was it helpful to you?
Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland is sold through the money processor Clickbank.com. Clickbank.com provides 60 days full money back guarantee for their customers. If at any time during 60 days you decide Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland isn’t the program you want, just send an email and get 100% of your money back, no questions asked. So trying out eCash Opinions would be risk free.
Users found this comment helpful. Was it helpful to you?
Do you have experience with Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland? Is it Scam or The Real Deal?, please post a review below.
Back to top
Related Words : Alice’s adventures in wonderland, You in a Book, Alice in wonderland book for kids,personalized book for kids,personalized book for my daughter,personalized book for my son,original gift,original gift for kids,personalized book for my girlfriend, adventures, kids, girls, wonderland, credible, objective, tested, features, review, free trial, recommended, download
Related Description : This edition has been especially crafted for children. You can personalize the name of the characters and different models of Alice; she will change in all the pictures throughout the book
About E-Review.Tv Team
Tagged with: adventures • Alice in wonderland book for kids • Alice's Adventures In Wonderland • Alice's Adventures In Wonderland download • Alice's Adventures In Wonderland review • does Alice's Adventures In Wonderland work? • girls • is Alice's Adventures In Wonderland fake • is Alice's Adventures In Wonderland legit • is Alice's Adventures In Wonderland scam • kids • original gift • original gift for kids • personalized book for kids • personalized book for my daughter • personalized book for my girlfriend • personalized book for my son • reviews of Alice's Adventures In Wonderland • wonderland • You in a Book
Like this post? Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more!Shafi-Ur Rahman, MD Recommend This Provider Pediatrics Primary Specialties: Pediatrics Office Information Madera family Medical Group 1111 W. 4th Street, Bldg D Madera, CA 93637 Get Directions [+] Hours Monday - Friday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Sat: 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM Sun: 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM Phone: 559.673.3000 Fax: 559.674.5088 Education Education Hospital of the Medical College of Pennsylvania Lady Reading Hospital Khyber Medical College University CollegeReceive $80 Grab vouchers valid for use on all Grab services except GrabHitch and GrabShuttle when you subscribe to BT All-Digital at only $0.99*/month.
Find out more at btsub.sg/promo
[SAN FRANCISCO] Tim Cook has picked a fight with the US. Mr Cook described the request as an "unprecedented step which threatens the security of our customers" and called for a public debate.
The escalation with the FBI, which has been pushing for access to mobile devices since Apple tightened its encryption in late 2014, galvanized the company's US.
No Backdoors
."
Mr Mr Cook's defense, saying the government's request could spur "a troubling precedent" in comments echoed by WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum.
Google provides law enforcement access to data "based on valid legal orders, but that's wholly different than requiring companies to enable hacking of customer devices and data," Mr Pichai wrote in a series of tweets.
"Looking forward to a thoughtful and open discussion on this important issue."
California Attack Mr Cook, who has boosted the company's presence in Washington as its profile and expanding product lineup has attracted more government scrutiny. When President Barack Obama visited Silicon Valley last year for a summit on cybersecurity, Mr Cook advocated for protecting peoples' privacy.
Little Unity
"While we believe the FBI's intentions are good, it would be wrong for the government to force us to build a backdoor into our products," Mr.
"This is a big one and you're going to see that all of us and our mothers are going to show up and file amicus briefs and intervene," said Joseph Lorenzo Hall, chief technologist for the Center for Democracy & Technology in Washington.
"Not only does it bring the rest of the tech industry into the debate, but every single technology company out there is thinking, 'Oh man, can we be compelled by the US government to provide a malicious software update -- a software update that is fundamentally a surveillance tool?"
Support Elsewhere
Mr.
BLOOMBERG
Receive $80 Grab vouchers valid for use on all Grab services except GrabHitch and GrabShuttle when you subscribe to BT All-Digital at only $0.99*/month.
Find out more at btsub.sg/promoWhat would you do if you’ve found that your house has been plumbed with beer? For some people, watching beer pour out from their tap is probably a dream come true! A guy found himself in a similar situation after his friends played a joke on him by plumbing kegs of ice cold beer into every tap in his house. Watch this video now and see the guy’s priceless reaction.TriMetal Necklace
Etched brass and copper were joined with sterling silver to make this unique necklace.
Caged Meteorite Necklace
An actual NWA meteorite set in sterling silver
Celtic Rectangle Pendant
This design was originally found in an
ancient Celtic text.
Classic Robot Pendant
Klaatu Barada Nikto! An original drawing etched in sterling silver.
Celtic Goddess
This drawing was originally found in an ancient Celtic text.
Fossilized Dinosaur Bone Pendant
The stone in this necklace was made from a broken fragment of
fossilized dinosaur bone. It is at least 65 million years old, and is set in sterling silver.
Etched Flower Earrings
Tiny flowers etched in sterling silver.
Hugs and Kisses Earrings
<3 Earrings
Another way of saying I love you!A. OK, it’s pretty small, but so were the first commercial applications of black-and-white e-paper. Qualcomm’s technology is reported to be able to change pixel colors rapidly enough to handle video. The right app for this is clearly an iPhone-sized screen, but if they can eventually scale this to page size, make it flexible, and build in WiFi, you’ll be carrying around a piece of paper showing instant updates of your news feeds, including video. Sign me up.History
1991
1995
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
Infotech incorporated as a private limited company.
The company receives its first ISO 9002 certification from BVQi London for its conversion services.
Becomes a public limited company, IPO of equity shares at Rs. 20.00 per share and listed in all major stock exchanges in India.
Acquires M/s SRG Infotech a 16-year-old local software company providing software services in Oracle and Visual Basic client/server environments.
Partners with IBM for developing enterprise-wide information system. Infotech diversifies into business software development by adding 50 developers, creating an independent profit center.
Infotech signs a break-through contract to provide GIS conversion, consulting and mapping services with Analytical Surveys, Inc. (ASI).
Infotech enters into an agreement with Navionics Italy, the world leader in seamless marine electronic charts for digitization and conversion services.
ASI enters into a long-term contract worth US $33 million with Infotech for conversion and software services.
Infotech establishes a wholly-owned subsidiary, Infotech Software Solutions Inc., specializing in supply of computer software and related services in California, USA.
Infotech acquires European-based GIS software solution company Dataview Solutions Limited for US $1.80 million and issue of Infotech equity shares worth US $1.8 million over 2 years.
Infotech acquires Cartographic Sciences Pvt. Mumbai, India, from Analytical Surveys Inc., USA.
Infotech receives ISO 9001 certification for its software development services.
Infotech earns the coveted Fast Track Award from Smallworld Pte. Lt. U.K. for completion of a prestigious GIS project at Bharti Telenet Limited in a record time of five months.
Infotech signs a shareholder agreement with Walden Nikko and GE Capital for issue equity/optionally convertible debentures.
Inauguration of the state-of-the-art software development center spread across 130,000 sq.ft. in Infocity (Hyderabad) to accomodate 4,000 software engineers.
Merger of Cartographic Sciences with Infotech Limited.
Infotech enters into a master services agreement with Pratt & Whitney, a division of UTC Group.
Infotech announces the acquisition of a German company, Advanced Graphics Software GmbH (AGS), a mechanical engineering software and services company specializing in 3D CAD/CAM.
Infotech wins a multimillion dollar GIS project from the Dutch multinational group FUGRO.
Infotech Europe acquires European GIS distributor Map Centric, a leading independent GIS distributor in Europe.
Infotech secures a contract worth USD 7 million to provide photogrammetry services to Triathlon, a leading full-fledged geomatics company in Canada.
Infotech ranks 5th among top 10 exporters from Andhra Pradesh for the year 2000-2001.
Infotech acquires 10 acres of land to set up a software development campus at Manikonda, Hyderabad.
Infotech achieves the ISO 9001:2000 for BVQi and joins the list of the top few companies in India and the first company in the GIS sector.
Infotech attains the coveted SEI CMM Level 4 certification for its software development center at Infocity Hyderabad.
Infotech receives ISO 9001:2000 for software and engineering services lines of business by BVQi London.
Infotech announces the opening of the state-of-the-art engineering services facility in Bangalore, India.
Infotech announces strategic business relationship with the Pratt & Whitney division of United Technologies Corporation, a Fortune 100 company. Pratt & Whitney to participate with up to ~18% equity stake in Infotech, demonstrating long-term partnering intent and endorsing Infotech's business competence.
Infotech achieves SEI CMMI Level 5 for its Software Development & Services division.
Infotech board recommends issue of bonus shares at 1:1 ratio, subject to shareholder approval.
Infotech wins The Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FAPPCI) Best Information Technology (IT) industry of the state of Andhra Pradesh – 2001-2002
Infotech attains the best process improvement model: "The Level 5 of the CMMI Version 1.1 for the SW/SE/SS Disciplines".
Infotech announces the inauguration of a new development center in Puerto Rico to provide engineering design services.
Infotech signs long-term outsourcing contract with Bombardier Transportation to provide engineering services in India.
Infotech acquires VARGIS, a GIS company in the US.
Infotech changes its business strategy – verticalization of business is executed.
Infotech divests 51% of its stake in Infotech Aerospace Services Inc. in favor of United Technologies International Corporation.
Infotech is conferred BS 7799 standards.
Infotech acquires Tele Atlas India Pvt. Ldt. Tele Atlas parent company joins as a strategic partner with preferential allotment of shares.
Infotech opens branch office in Singapore.
Infotech opens branch office in Melbourne, Australia.
Inaugurates the geospatial production facility at Frostburg, Maryland, USA.
Wins a landmark GIS contract from KPN Telecom and also signs a 5-year major engineering design agreement with Alstom Transport.
Completes 5 years of relationship with Pratt & Whitney.
Signs a major GIS contract with GE for Swisscom.
Attains AS9100 certification for MFG-SBI.
Infotech sets up a development center at Kakinada at the newly developed STPI facility.
Joint venture between Infotech and HAL is announced.
Joint venture between Infotech and Geospace Integra is announced.
Mr. Stephen N. Finger, President, Pratt & Whitney, inaugurates our new facility at Manikonda, Hyderabad on 16th October.
Mr. Louis Chenevert, President and COO, UTC, inaugurates our new facility at Bangalore on 24th October.
Infotech features in the list of '200 Best Under a Billion' of Forbes Asia – a listing of the 200 fastest growing companies in the Asia Pacific region. Infotech is the first engineering or IT services company among 17 companies from India.
Infotech GIS forays into oil and gas sector, signs contract with IHS.
TeleAtlas extends relationship with Infotech, signs another multi-year contract.
Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy is elected Chairman, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Southern Region.
Infotech signs a three-year GIS and data management contract with Powercor, Australia & Citipower Limited.
Mr. Krishna Bodanapu wins the Hyderabad Management Association – Young Manager award for 2008.
Infotech signs an MoU with Dassault Aviation.
Infotech enters a strategic partnership with Alten Group, France.
BTECI (Bombardier Transportation Engineering Centre in India) completes five years.
Operations commenced in Japan.
Infotech acquires TTM (Time to Market) and forays into the hi-tech industry.
Wins the GITA excellence award for EGIS implementation from GITA ANZ.
Inaugurates own facility at Noida, India.
Bombardier Transportation renews multi-year term contract with Infotech.
Inaugurates a center of excellence for Terex in Bangalore, India, facility.
Awarded RBNQA Performance Excellence Trophy.
Opened branch office in Malaysia.
Signed a long-term engineering services contract with Hamilton Sundstrand.
Acquired Daxcon Engineering Inc., USA.
Acquired Wellsco Inc., USA.
Awarded Supplier of the Year award by Boeing.
IGIL (Infotech Geospatial (India) Limited) becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Set up branch in South Korea.
Won Golden Peacock Award for excellence in corporate governance.
Inaugurated new development center in SEZ (special economic zone) in Kakinada.
Received Boeing Supplier of the Year award for the second time.
Opened office in Silicon Valley (California).
Set up branch in Taiwan
Set up branch in South Africa
Revealed the new brand and changed the name to Cyient
Ranked among top 30 outsourcing companies in the world by IAOP
Inaugurated a state-of-the-art Experience Center in Hyderabad, India
Opened the Dallas Engineering Center; strengthens aerospace and defense capabilities
Cyient foundation announced programs to make engineers more employable and empower neighborhood communities to participate actively in Digital India
Awarded Global Services Supplier of the Year by Alstom Transportation
Won ICSI National Award For Excellence in Corporate Governance
Acquired majority stake in Rangsons Electronics, strengthening end-to-end capabilities in integrated engineering, design, and production
Secured the prestigious Pratt & Whitney 2014 Engineering Services Supplier Innovation award for the third time
Signed a MoU with Deakin for joint research on medical additive manufacturing
BVR Mohan Reddy elected as Chairman of NASSCOM for 2015-16
Acquired Pratt & Whitney Global Services Engineering Asia
Opened a new Center of Excellence (CoE) for a leading Australian telecommunications service provider in Blacktown, Sydney
Ranked by Zinnov as a leader among global engineering service providers for the fifth consecutive year
Laid the foundation of a state-of-the-art technology development center in WarangalHOLT, MICH. -- Four frantic days of preparation had taken their toll by the time the Holt Senior High School faculty met Thursday for one last briefing on Vice President Al Gore's whirlwind tour of their suburban school. The excitement was building, of course, but so were the concerns.
If Gore did not stop by her class, would she still get to meet him, asked Beth Berwald, a math teacher, as she looked beseechingly at principal Brian Templin.
Would reporters be allowed to harass the students, asked Mary Boulanger, a science teacher.
If teachers did not want to be disturbed, one instructor suggested tartly, they should close their doors and post a sign that said "testing," or, perhaps, "Bush contributor."Deadly air strikes continue to target Raqqa city, monitoring group says, as thousands continue to flee the fighting.
The UN says at least 23,544 people have been displaced from May 18-22 due to the fighting in Raqqa [Rodi Said/Reuters]
by Al Jazeera
At least 13 people have been killed in suspected US-led coalition air strikes on the ISIL-held city of Raqqa and suspected rocket attacks fired by a Kurdish group fighting ISIL, a monitoring group has said.
Some of the deaths in the northern city on Sunday evening resulted from air strikes blamed on the US-led coalition, the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Monday.
The death toll also included civilians killed in rocket attacks by the Ghadab al-Furat group (dubbed Wrath of the Euphrates) on Sunday, the Observatory said.
Ghadab al-Furat is a Kurdish group fighting under the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). They launched a campaign in October 2016 to retake Raqqa, the de facto capital of the ISIL in northern Syria.
The SDF, which includes the powerful Kurdish YPG armed group, said last week it plans to launch the final assault on Raqqa city in early summer.
US Central Command (CENTCOM) said in a press release on Sunday that it conducted 17 air strikes targeting ISIL in Syria, destroying two ISIL bases in Deir Az Zor and three ISIL headquarters near Raqqa.
It did not mention civilian casualties in its report.
Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, an activist group in Raqqa, said on Sunday that a school was targeted by the US-led coalition in Mansoura west of Raqqa city.
The school was destroyed in the attack, the group said.
The activists said on Thursday that Raqqa city was targeted with at least 30 coalition air strikes, and 80 rocket attacks by the SDF killing at least 35 civilians in the past 24 hours.
The SDF has been encircling Raqqa since November.
Earlier this month, its fighters captured Tabqa, a previously ISIL-held town some 50km west of Raqqa, and a strategic dam nearby.
The UN said in a report that on May 14, at least 23 farm workers, including 17 women, were reportedly killed when air strikes hit al-Akershi village in a rural area of eastern Raqqa province.
Other air strikes on two residential areas of the ISIL-controlled city of Abo Kamal in eastern Deir Az Zor province the following day (May 15), reportedly killed at least 59 civilians (including 16 children and 12 women) and injured another 70.
The day after that, ISIL fighters are said to have cut the throats of eight men at the sites of the air strikes, after accusing them of providing coordinates for the strikes.
Earlier in May, the Observatory reported the highest monthly civilian death toll for the coalition’s campaign in Syria.
Between April 23 and May 23 2017, coalition air strikes killed at least 225 civilians in Syria, including dozens of children.
The US military had said coalition air strikes in Iraq and Syria had “unintentionally” killed a total of 352 civilians since 2014.
At least 23,544 civilians have been displaced between May 18-22, the UN said in a press release last week.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad al- Hussein last week urged all states’ air forces operating in the country to take much greater care to distinguish between legitimate military targets and civilians.
“The same civilians who are suffering indiscriminate shelling and summary executions by ISIL, are also falling victim to the escalating air strikes, particularly in the northeastern governorates of Raqqa and Deir Az Zor,” Zeid said.Art
The Art Department at Lewes Old Grammar is an exciting place to be. Pupils are encouraged, with expert guidance, to express them creatively within a visually provocative environment. The Art Room is a hive of activity; a daring and explorative space. Its highly creative atmosphere makes for dynamic, vibrant and original work. Every pupil’s artistic skills and vision are individual, and our small class sizes allow for close personal direction to support pupils in realizing their full potential.
Art nurtures and develops the academic as well as the creative talents of all pupils. It enables understanding, seeing, and questioning the world around them. It is vital that pupils open their eyes, minds and souls to the beauty and vitality of the world, and that they come to see the relevance and potential of art in their future lives as inventive and engaging individuals.
Pupils at Lewes Old Grammar produce a diverse range of work using a variety of techniques and skills. Drawing, painting, printmaking and sculpture are all explored throughout their time at school.
Practical demonstrations are an essential part of all art lessons. So, too, are sketchbooks: These should be seen as a personal journal. Class work, homework and personal work should be built up in a sketchbook to show a visual and personal creative dialogue. We hope that pupils have a sense of achievement and pride in their work. Visits to galleries, museums, landscapes, and places of interest, with regular trips to London and the surrounding Lewes area, support and enhance our art projects.
It is the Art Department’s philosophy to enrich and enliven every day. Pupils are encouraged to enjoy their lessons and are expected to view themselves, and each other, as artists.
Courses
Art at GCSE and A level use the Edexcel exam board.
ART GCSE: The four Assessment Objectives:
- Develop ideas through investigations. Demonstrating a critical understanding of resources. This involves visiting Art & Design galleries and museums.
- Refine work by exploring ideas, selecting and experimenting with appropriate media, materials, techniques and processes.
- Record ideas, observations and insights relevant to intentions as work progresses.
- Present a personal and meaningful response that realises intentions and demonstrates understanding of visual language.
ART A Level: The four Assessment Objectives:
- Develop ideas through sustained and focused investigations informed by contextual and other sources, demonstrating analytical and critical understanding.
- Explore and select appropriate resources, media, materials, techniques and processes, reviewing and refining ideas as work develops.
- Record ideas, observations and insights relevant to intentions, reflecting critically on work and progress.
- Present a personal and meaningful response that realises intentions and, where appropriate, makes connections between visual and other elements.
Student are also required to write a personal study 1000-word minimum.
Staff
Ms J Dinmore BA (Hons) (Head of Art & Design and Head of Practical Arts)
Miss L Upton BA (Hons)
Mr N Ashford BA (Hons)Bitten Exposed and semi naked for his pleasure, the bite he had given me that morning was plain to see.
7 thoughts on “Bitten”
A lovely angle to show off the perfect nipple, and ouch to the bite mark
Mmm . . . very impressive!!
Xxx – K
What a sexy little gift
Mollyxxx
Thanks, I think he will agree xx
Don't you just love beautiful marks like that? Sexy image!
Rebel xox
What a lovely mark you've been left.
A kiss is but a kiss. But a bite, that's something else! Lovely pic!"Integrated Informatics' experience, credentials, and client base in these markets are second to none," said Amristar CEO, Gary Macbeth. "We are delighted with this strategic alliance, and are happy to see Integrated Informatics already delivering additional value to their customers with our products."
Macbeth added that beyond reselling Amristar's comprehensive product suite, Integrated Informatics will also receive presales/product/marketing/training support. Amristar's flagship product, iDelve, is a comprehensive mapping platform for business with a rich and open API that caters to all levels of need, including a simple HTML5 based embeddable 'maplet' for inclusion in websites and applications, gesture friendly mobile apps, and full-scale Enterprise web GIS. iDelve sits comfortably on top of a wide variety of base map image and data providers, including Google, Microsoft, Nokia, OpenStreetMap, Esri, Oracle, and others including Open Source.
"iDelve's ubiquitous ability to deliver current and authoritative data through its high-performance vector engine is impressive," said Integrated Informatics CEO Jason Humber. "They are able to deliver application speed and client-side versatility that scales without blowing the budget. It's ideal in areas such as utilities, where the status and location of features and high-volume and mobile assets change rapidly."
With offices in Perth, Western Australia, Silicon Valley, CA, and London, Amristar is a global provider of web-map/GIS applications and spatial data technologies for high performance Enterprise applications; from simple embeddable maps, to touch oriented mobile and full enterprise web-GIS. Available as on-premise deployment and SaaS, Amristar's rich API offers ease of enterprise integration for cross-platform applications., and St. John's, Newfoundland.
Add to Digg
Bookmark with del.icio.us
Add to Newsvine
Neal Leavitt
Leavitt Communications
760/639-2900Latest Weather Blog
LSU defensive line coach Pete Jenkins to retire
BATON ROUGE - A key member of LSU's coaching staff is set to retire at the end of this season.
Following the Tiger's regular season closer against the Aggies on Saturday, LSU Athletics announced Pete Jenkins would be retiring as LSU defensive line coach.
He first joined the Tigers in 1980 and remained with the program for 11 years, serving as defensive line coach and taking on defensive coordinator duties in 1982 and then again from 1987-90. Jenkins rejoined the team in 2016 after Ed Orgeron took over play-calling duties.
Jenkins will remain with the Tigers through the bowl game. Dennis Johnson, who currently coaches the LSU outside linebackers, will take over as defensive line coach for the Tigers following the bowl game.
“We are forever grateful for Coach Jenkins and his 15 years of service to LSU,” Orgeron said. “Coach Jenkins is one of the most respected coaches in football when it comes to defensive play.Johannesburg | For the first time, scientists have confirmed the birth of rare identical twin puppies born to an Irish wolfhound in South Africa.
The puppies were first suspected to be twins when, during their birth last year, veterinarian Kurt De Cramer at the Rant en Dal Animal Hospital in South Africa observed that the two puppies had shared a single placenta.
The puppies’ mother had been straining to give birth for several hours and was taken to De Cramer, who performed a Cesarean section.
He delivered the mother’s other five puppies, each with its own placenta.
De Cramer thought it possible that the placenta-sharing puppies were monozygotic twins. When the puppies were two weeks old, researchers drew blood samples and sent them for genetic testing.
“I wasn’t sure that they were going to be monozygotic at that time,” Carolynne Joone, a veterinarian and lecturer at James Cook University in Australia told the ‘Live Science’.
“They did look very alike, but they weren’t completely identical. There were slight differences in the puppies’ white markings,” she said..
Since this is the first documented case, researchers think that monozygotic twins in canines are rare, she said.
However, it is also possible that such twins are born more frequently than thought, but go undetected, she added.
The research appears in the journal Reproduction in Domestic Animals.What’s affecting me, my clients and other small-business owners today.
The Economy
- An official of the Federal Reserve thinks the economy’s dreary days may be over.
- More restaurants are adopting Tock, an advance-ticketing system that requires customers to pay when they make a reservation.
Employees
- A task force reports that paid sick leave would be good for Philadelphia.
Health Care
- A new survey of employers finds that most are still making employee health insurance a priority.
Management
- Some savvy farmers are using technology to navigate the boom-and-bust cycles and to compete with giant agribusinesses.
- Amazon is deploying more than 15,000 wheeled robots in its warehouses.
Marketing
- Google’s chief marketing officer predicts that all advertising will, eventually, be purchased programmatically.
Online
- Now you can buy Thin Mints online.
Around the Country
- A longtime Milwaukee-area stop for stereos and other audio-visual equipment will close at the end of the year.
- A bakery in Ferguson, Mo., raises $250,000 through crowdfunding.
- A man falls asleep after breaking into a business in Austin, Tex.
- An ex-drug user turned business owner gives a commencement speech to a group of drug court graduates in Sacramento.
- A dry-cleaning business celebrates its 100th anniversary, making it perhaps the oldest continuously operating retail business in New London, Conn.
Around the World
- French business owners stage protests across the country.
Entrepreneurship
- Here’s how to avoid making rookie legal mistakes.
Washington
- President Obama calls for funding 50,000 police body cameras.
- House Republicans plan to vote on a one-year extension of temporary tax breaks affecting millions of businesses and individuals.
- American authorities accuse an arm of Toyota of discriminatory loan pricing.
Retail
- Several of the largest American retailers warn that Alibaba may “decimate” local companies unless Congress closes tax loopholes for online retailers.
Ideas
- This company wants to deliver a pepperoni pizza bed to your home.
- An Irish entrepreneur has introduced a Snapchat-like anonymous messaging service for business executives.
- Here are five gift-idea generators for the holidays.
Social Media
- Here are five social media management tools and services you may not know about.
Technology
- Hewlett-Packard’s plan to jump into the 3-D printer business could pay off, new reports suggest.
- Scientists unearth clues about an ancient “computer.”
- Microsoft acquires an e-mail start-up.
Gene Marks owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa., consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. You can follow him on Twitter.Join us as we take a look back at our top seven blog posts from the last year. As 2017 winds to a close, it seems like the perfect...
Today marks the start of day two of the 2017 edition of GCUC Canada. As the conference takes place in our hometown of Vancouver this year, just a few blocks walk away from the coworking space where our team works, it’s been wonderful to see our city play host to a colorful group of coworking enthusiasts.
We’ve attended talks, engaged in face-to-face conversations with members of the coworking community we’ve connected with in a digital capacity, and generally soaked up the inspiring atmosphere that naturally occurs when you get a room full of inspiring, coworking-minded leaders together under one roof.
This year, I had the honor of moderating one of the panels on the topic of diversity. I spoke with three individuals who are each focused on attracting and engaging a diverse, inclusive coworking community using their own methods. Let’s meet the panelists.
Pat Christie founded SPACE, a community hub with a mission to nurture Vancouver’s emerging designers and creatives.
Nigel Mojica is the Operations and Communications Coordinator for RADIUS, a social innovation hub and ventures incubator offshoot of local university SFU’s Beedie School of Business.
Denise Brennan (often known simply as “D”) founded Creative Coworkers, a non-profit collective nestled into Vancouver’s Railtown neighborhood which fosters a sense of community for creatives in the city.
With such a broad topic as “diversity,” I was curious to see where our conversation unfolded. We began by discussing what this abstract term “diversity” truly means. Ultimately, all of the panelists came to the same conclusion–true diversity is reached when individuals of different perspectives, backgrounds, and opinions all feel a sense of collective inclusion. At its core, this cultivation of belonging is closely aligned with many of the core values of coworking.
But of course, creating a diverse coworking community is easier said than done. Saying your space promotes diversity and actually working to gain and retain that diverse community aren’t necessarily synonymous.
Each of our panelists and their coworking space had their own approach to work towards breaking down barriers and fostering a welcoming environment for all individuals.
Nigel shared an initiative RADIUS is involved in called The Binner’s Project, a program designed to foster social and economic inclusion for an often marginalized group of the city’s downtown core. The program employs and supports binners, or individuals who collect redeemable containers and other objects from bins. The project aims to improve the economic opportunities for these individuals while working to reduce the stigma carried by these informal recyclable collectors who ultimately help the city keep recyclable containers out of landfill.
D recalled a favorite tradition around the Creative Coworkers office, where everyone breaks from their day at 2pm, drops whatever they’re doing, and does 10 pushups. She’s found it to be a wonderful way to bring the community together around a common goal, one that takes virtually no time out of their day so it’s a very small ask. They end in a big round of high-fives to celebrate. It’s become a great way to break up the workday (while breaking down barriers) and brings everyone from freelancers to small teams of people together as one collective group, if only for a moment.
Pat spoke of the “happy accident” in SPACE, the combination of their ground level access and windows that are always full of eye-catching artwork. People who are walking by SPACE for any number of reasons sometimes see something in the window that catches their eye and stops them in their tracks, on their way from Point A to Point B. Maybe they take pause. Perhaps their curiosity gets the best of them and they make their way through the front door to learn more about the space behind this storefront. Pat and his team have found that this foot traffic serves as a wonderful litmus test to find individuals of all types who are united around the common values of curiosity and creativity. When someone wanders through the front door, they’re all greeted the same: “Hello human! Welcome to SPACE.” It’s equal parts quirky and unassuming, making no judgements about who this person is or what they’re about. And it serves as the foundation of their “marketing” strategy.
Ultimately, through our panelists’ musings, there was a common thread–diversity is achieved through whatever methods will allow the widest network of people to feel a sense of authentic belonging within the community. Welcoming everyone with open arms, finding ways to break down barriers and empower different subsets of communities to come together collectively under one roof, is a powerful notion indeed.Does nutrisystem have frozen food
Calories in NutriSystem | Nutrition, Carbohydrate andFrequently Asked Questions. Do the Nutrisystem diet foods have trans fats.
Nutrisystem Diet Review. and at least one or more of the snacks are prepared Nutrisystem foods. more varied choice of foods including myriad frozen.I had to pick up another 5 day kit while I waited for my nutrisystem order to come.
This is a huge window, since the frozen food only last 6 to 8 hours after arrival. Nutrisystem does just that.Nutrisystem To Sell Products at Wal-Mart Tuesday, October 6, 9:31 AM ET Nutrisystem shares are headed for a strong opening this morning after it announced last night...I know they are low calorie and low fat, but Nutrisystem claims they have.While many of the NutriSystem entrees look a lot like frozen.
You also have the option to order frozen foods for a slightly higher price.
Frozen Food and Power Outages: When to Save and When to
Diet plans - Consumer Reports
Does Nutrisystem Sell Frozen Foods at the. the company does have a new line of frozen. going with the Nutrisystem frozen foods or just buying some of.Nutrisystem is now using UPS to deliver their frozen entrees.If you want to do it from home order Jenny Craig- Their food comes to you frozen and does not have near as much sodium in it.
Nutrisystem - Refund of returned products, Review 42858
From Size 24 to Size 4: My Nutrisystem Review and Success
Is my NutriSystem food too old to eat? - Blogs & ForumsAnd those are the foods on the slightly more expensive select line.
Frozen Foods (ie:lean cuisine/smart ones) vs Nutrisystem?Nutrisystem—a weight-loss program that includes mainly prepared food.
I also upgrade for 30 dollars more for frozen foods also. Maybe you should have your taste buds checked and not fault nutrisystem for their food. Does that.For example some kind of breakfast then a fruit for a snack then a.
Nutrisystem Review 2017 | Weight Loss PlanNu-Kitchen Fresh for NutriSystem is a fresh, natural and delicious meal-delivery program designed to help you lose weight.
Nutrisystem frozen food a la carte - Diet shake that fills
Published Jan 22, 2010
"…Kim Hogan at Dandelion is a great person to work with as far as weddings or any events where a florist is required. She takes the time to sit with th…"
"…My fiance always gets me flowers from there... They are always fresh and absolutly beautiful!…"
"…Have been dealing w/Missy & Chrissy for 25-30 years.....two very professional ladies & staff... I have never been disappointed or unhappy with their s…"
"…She makes beautiful, unique designs to please every taste. Great for weddings, special events or just to say hello to the people you care about.…"
"…She has the most fashion forward flower arrangements in this city as a walk-in florist. I am overjoyed when I receive her flowers and I enjoy walking…"
"…Denise at GreensKeeper was so great to work with! She pays attention to detail and produces the freshest and most beautiful flowers! Our wedding was…"
"…Very accomodating and easy to work with. I was able to get my anthiriums from Hawaii without any hesitation.…"
"…They did my daughter wedding this past summer and everything, especially the bouqets, came out beautiful!! Definitly a class act at a very reasonable…"
"…Bonnie & family have been in business in the Myrtle Beach area for many, many years. Natures Gardens is the "TOP" florist in the area without any que…".Letter from Robert H. McNeill to Thomas S. Rollins
Library of Congress Manuscript Division
Robert H. McNeill writes to Thomas S. Rollins concerning his whereabouts and informing him that President Roosevelt was anxious to see him. McNeill and Senator Butler look forward to serving Rollins whenever the necessity presents itself.
1906-01-18
Rollins, Thomas S. (Thomas Scott), 1872-1930
Letter from Robert H. McNeill to Thomas S. Rollins.
2Inspirations Table of Contents
I Am
by Loretta Kemsley
In another time, another life, I was a warrior, proud and free.
In this life, I have chosen another path, hobbling the warrior's traits but not his soul.
He longs to be untethered. He yearns to feel the pony surge beneath him, wild and invincible.
He wants to hunt again, not the hunt of death but of the universe, where the heavens tell tales
and the animals converse.
It is them I seek. I will listen while my pony prances.
The Wee Kevin
by Cristina Lopez
That ruddiness, laughter and smiling slowly dissipated over the
course of each morning as I struggled to determine what made him whine and
cry--was it hunger, sleepiness, gas, a dirty diaper or just lack of
attention? I checked his diaper, held him and fed him.Still, the lower
lip trembled and he looked at as though I was his jailer and torturer.
Horror and betrayal clouded his eyes as they begged the question: "What have
you done with my mother?" On more difficult days, he cried himself to
sleep--only a short-term relief from which he'd usually awaken with the
unknown cause of distress still intact.
How a Tree Grew Out of a Burning Bush
by Jennifer Hudson
I remember clearly the summer of 1997, a tumultuous period in my
spiritual life marked by an accentuating sense of dejection, emptiness, and
isolation. I felt so lost, so depleted of positive energy, and so desperate,
that I ventured to my local bookstore hoping to find a burning bush that
would lead me to the promised land. My bush appeared in the form of a book .
Write Us!
[ Cover ]
[ Arts ]
[ Columns ]
[ Fiction
[ Inspirations ]
[ Non-Fiction ]
[ Opinions ]
[ Poetry ]
[ Rising Stars ]
[ Song and Story ]
[ Bookstore ]
[ Cosmic Connections ]
[ Best of Theme ]
[ About Moondance ]
[ The Ten Commandments of Creative Women ]
[ Awards and Web Rings ]
[ Letters To The Editor ]
Have a Submission?
Meet the "Section" Team
TO THE TOP
Moondance Logo by Elizabyth Burtis-Lopez, 4 Monkeys Web DesignSubmitted by skipclarke on 30 September, 2014 - 02:01
The WSGF Ultimate v2 is part of the Ergotech Group Freedom Desk Stand product line, and is exclusive to the WSGF. It offers a complete upgrade path for users that currently have (or want) three, to four or five monitor configurations.
The WSGF Edition Ultimate Stand v2 allows for extra large monitors to be used in a 3x1 Landscape configuration. The stand will fit most monitors up to 27" (16:9). It will also fit a 34" 21:9 ultra-wide, flanked by a pair of 24" or 25" panels. Additionally, monitors of this size can be used in a "1+3" configuration. "One plus Three" is a separate monitor mounted above or below a 3x1 Landscape Eyefinity/Surround installation.
Finally, the stand allows for a 5x1 Portrait installation using five 24" (16:10) monitors. Please note that 27" and 30" monitors cannot be used in 5x1 Portrait. The picture to the right shows the base configuration - short pole, tall pole and four pivots. If you are doing 5x1-Portrait, please ask for the extra pivot to be included. It will be added at no charge.
Check out the Reviews Page to see what people have said about the Ergotech and WSGF Edition Stands.
Need More?
If you're needing more, we now offer a custom WSGF "Mega" Stand v2 - which is two WSGF Ultimates merged together with a custom bar. You can now order it here on the WSGF Mega Stand v2 store page.
The shipping package includes:
Please Note: If you are planning to mount a 34" ultra-wide panel, you will also need to purchase an HD Adjustable Pivot.
It also includes the following items, which are pictured to the right.
The stand weighs approximately 33 pounds, fully loaded with four pivots. The.Dear Friends,
It is indeed true that often great changes are brought about by the striving of some dedicated people. I recently received an email from an Indian friend informing on how toilets were introduced in trains in the Indian subcontinent.
But before I begin I must start with a brief introduction. I did a bit of research on this story. It is based in the province of Bengal which now in India and Bangladesh (Fig 1). This province is very fertile and has a wide variety of flora and fauna.
The Jack fruit (Figure 2) seems to be an important diet for the people of this province. More about Jack fruit from wikipedia:
The Jack fruit . It is well suited to tropical lowlands. It is commercially grown and sold in these countries, as well as imported around Australia. The English name jack fruit, one of many for the fruit, derives from Portuguese jaca, which is derived from Malayalam chakka.
-------------------------------
Importantly jack fruit seems to have high fibre content and hence it can act as an high fibre laxative.
The people living in the province of Bengal are called "Bengalis". The educated people are often honourably referred to as "Bengali babu". Figure 3 shows a drawing of a Bengali babu. The different parts of his attire have been labelled by me to the best of my knowledge. "Dhoti" the lower half of the garment worn by the Bengali babu has relevance to this story.
It seems that toilets were introduced on Indian trains only after this passenger, notably a Bengali babu (for example, like the one shown in Figure 3) Okhit Chandra Sen, wrote a letter to the Divisional Traffic Superintendent Sahabgunj Divisional Office, in 1909, complaining about how he missed the train when he got down to attend the call of nature. This happened because of an excess consumption of Jack fruit. The events that followed made him unfortunately loose his dhoti and regretfully expose himself ! This letter, sent as a complaint, documents the unfortunate chain of events:
UNEDITED LETTER
Beloved Sir,
I am arrive by passenger train at Ahmedpore station and my belly istoo much swelling with jackfruit.
I am therefore sent to privy. Just as I am doing the nuisance that guard making whistle blow for train to go off and I am running with Lota (water pot) in one hand and dhoti in the next when I fall over and expose all my shockings to many female women on the platform
I got leaved on Ahmedpore Station.
This is too much bad for passengers go to make dung that dam guard not wait train for five minutes for him.
I am therefore praying otherwise I am making big report to papers.
Pray your honour to make big fine on that dam guard for public sake otherwise I am making big report to papers.
Yours faithfull servant
Okhil Ch Sen
-------------------------------------------------------
It seems the letter fell into the right hands bringing great relief to the people in the Indian subcontinent.
---------------------
Thank you
Rehman of Multan
References:
1.Train picture from
2.
3.
4.
Miguel Hidalgo, Mexican Independence
Miguel Hidalgo is one of the most recognized characters in the movement for Mexicos Independence. His full name was Miguel Gregorio Antonio Ignacio Hidalgo y Costilla y Gallaga Mondarte, born in Guanajuato in the town of Penjamo on the 8 of May, 1753. His parents were Ana Maria Gallaga and Cristobal Hidalgo y Costilla, both Spanish.
He studied at Colegio de San Nicolas Obispo, where he continued to become a professor on topics like philosophy and theology, culminating with theSchools rectory. He was ordained in 1792 and sent to Dolores Hidalgo.
Back then, the ideas of liberalism had permeated among the Creole class of New Spain, movement joined by the priest of Dolores and consolidating in the conspiracy of Querétaro struggling for Mexicos independence.
This is how one of the most important episodes in the countrys history began, although many other characters have remained almost anonymous even though they contributed resources and organization in support of the movement,Hidalgo is recognized for having reacted together with others such as Ignacio Allende, Juan Aldama and Mariano Abasolo, among others, to the call of Doña Josefa Ortiz de Dominguez who warned that the conspiracy had been discovered.
This is how, with the power to call others, Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla on the morning of September 15 in 1810 summoned the town to start the movement that would give Mexico its independence, even though he didnt live to see its culmination.
The movements first advance, however, is owed to Hidalgo and military men, their troops left Dolores, reached Atotonilco in San Miguel de Allende, then known as El Grande, directing towards Celaya, Salamanca and finally Guanajuato.
At the Alhóndiga de Granaditas there was another confrontation between the Spanish and insurgent troops, the first were defeated, so Miguel Hidalgo went on to Valladolid, which was also among the most important places taken back then. Valladolid is important because thats where they planned overtaking the Capital of New Spain, where all the central powers were represented.
Along his path, on August 30 in 1810, the battle of Monte de las Cruces took place, already close to the capital, where he was triumphant, however, this gave Hidalgo an excess confidence and sent his troops to Ixtlahuaca, wasting the weakness he had left in the city.
His plan was to attack the realist troops by surprise and to not confront them in the capital, which lead to a confrontation at Puente Calderón, where he didnt gain an advantage, returning to the countrys north. Along his path, at Acatita de Bajan, he and his troops suffered an ambush because their route had been announced to realist troops, making them prisoners.
The date of his detention was registered in history as the 21st of May in 1811, when they were taken to Chihuahua, where they would first execute Ignacio Allende, Juan Aldama and Mario Jimenez, on June 16 of that same year. Hidalgo was executed later, on July 30 of 1811. However, the struggles and ideals of the leaders were not forgotten and although their armed battle culminated in 1821, the figure of the Priest of Dolores continues to be transcendental for its meaning and the way he strengthened the struggle for independence.
For many, Hidalgo wasnt the historys hero known by almost everyone, however, and despite his detractors, for Mexicans the leaders who made independence possible are kept away from critics and secret history; they are venerated for the great value of freedom in an independent country.
Artículo Producido por el Equipo Editorial Explorando México.
Foto: Wikipedia.orgQUALIFICATION SUMMARY
Creative, results driven Webmaster with proven track record of successful web development projects. Able to manage web site development processes from architectural and functional design concept through completion. Communicate effectively with both domestic and international customers via all electronic mediums to maximize customer satisfaction and derive successful outcomes.
Meet Mindspec.org based out of McLean Virginia this non profit organization utilizes innovative bioinformatics strategies to accelerate research on common neurodevelopmental disorders with its main focus on autism. Here is a look at some of the user interfaces that we developed for them:
Autism Reading Room offers four challenging quizzes! Each quiz comprises ten multiple choice or true/false questions. By taking a quiz, you can learn new information about autism in a fun and interactive way. Plus, you might clarify a few misconceptions that are prominent in the community.
Brought to you by a team of interdisciplinary scientists, the Autism Decoder app is a new mobile interface that describes the latest autism research findings in easy-to-understand writing. You can flip through research summaries chronologically or by your category of interest.Mrs. Dorothy M. Shuhler, 67, of 421 Main St., Bally, died Thursday in the Lehigh Valley Hospital Center. She was the widow of James E. Shuhler.
She was a clerk in the Bally Post Office for 10 years until retiring in 1977.
Born in Barto, she was a daughter of the late August E. and Agnes K. (Henry) Melcher.
She was a member of Most Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church, Bally.By Stephen Dafoe
Federal Gas Tax agreement signed
Council voted in favour of signing the Federal Gas Tax Amending Agreement and return the document to Alberta Transportation. The signature will ensure Morinville continues to receive approximately $500,000 in annual infrastructure funding.
Deadline for funding has been extended from Mar. 31, 2014 to Dec. 31, 2014. The per capita funding for 2010/11 through 2013/14 is based on the municipality’s official population numbers for 2009.
Assessment review board gets new member
A vacancy on the Assessment Review Board (ARB) was filled Apr. 9 when Council approved an application from Morinville resident Rob Ladouceur.
Ladouceur, a resident of Morinville for the past four years, now brings the board to its full compliment of members. The board consists of one public member at large and two members of Council. Currently Councillor Sheldon Fingler and Councillor David Pattison serve on the board, which hears assessment disputes.
The new member will not be able to participate in any of the board’s hearings until he has taken the training required by Municipal Affairs. Ladouceur’s term will expire in October of 2015.
Tie a yellow ribbon
Council turned down a $3,000 sponsorship request from the Edmonton Garrison Military Family Resource Centre’s (MFRC) 2013 Yellow Ribbon Gala Benefit and Silent Auction. A motion to grant the $3,000 sponsorship was defeated 4-1 and a subsequent motion to donate $2,000 directly to the MFRC passed with a 3-2 vote of Council.
The upcoming fundraising event allows the MFRC to provide programing to military families in a number of areas, including crisis intervention, prevention and support, child development and parenting support, community development, and deployment support.
Council had sponsored the 2012 event in the amount of $3,000. The 2012 donation included $1,500 to buy a table at the event for military families from Morinville, and an equal amount to support military spousal attendance at the event.
Councillors felt they were unable to buy a table as was the case last year and that the $3,000 donation offered but a single ticket to the event.
Councillor Lisa Holmes said being a military community she wanted to support the event but it was an event a small number of people could attend. She’d rather see funds supporting the centre in other ways. Councillor Sheldon Fingler said he felt supporting military families in other ways would be better use of the money. Councillor Nicole Boutestein moved to donate $2,000 directly to the MFRC. That motion passed with a 3-2 vote of Council.
comment not posted??
If you are referring to the comment you posted yesterday, it is posted on the article you posted it on? That’s kind of how the thing works.Are You Earning $1 Back for Every $5 You Spend?
At Mannatech, loyalty is a big deal. When you have a mission like ours, to connect five million consumers with five million children in need, then you can understand why we value the ongoing, consistent participation of our Champions.
And that’s exactly why we reward you for your loyalty. In fact, you earn 20% in Loyalty Points on every auto order you place. Put another way, for every $5 you spend on auto order, you get a $1 back in Loyalty Points to use toward free product.
If you’re not familiar with our Loyalty Program, watch the video message below for a brief 90-second overview. And, if you haven’t placed your auto order yet in BP4, do it today!
What did you think about this article?
Tell us your thoughts in the comment section below.Leave a Comment.
4 comments:
Hello. This post is likeable, and your blog is very interesting, congratulations :-). I will add in my blogroll =). If possible gives a last there on my blog, it is about the Câmera Digital, I hope you enjoy. The address is. A hug.
Interesting... if you want some video tutorials about ajax applications, you'll find very usefull.What are the Best Debt Consolidation Companies in Flagler Beach FL
Who has the best Flagler Beach debt consolidation services?
Flagler Beach consolidation services offer a way of taking multiple debts and taking them all and wrapping them together into one payment. So if you have 5 different Flagler Beach loans, each with a different interest rate and length, a Flagler Beach debt consolidation loan will pay these off and then you will be left with one Flagler Beach loan with a total on the loan of all the paid off loans. The best part is that these types of Flagler Beach consolidation loans typically have lower interest rates than the ones you are getting rid of.
What is the best place in Florida to find Flagler Beach credit consolidation lenders?
Search online for the best debt consolidation lenders in Flagler Beach FL. The reason the best place to find Flagler Beach debt consolidation lenders in Florida is because you will be able to find the right Flagler Beach lender for you. Your local Flagler Beach banks may not specialize in the right Flagler Beach consolidation loans for you or have Florida lending standards that are too stringent. By searching for the best Florida debt consolidation loans online, you can assure yourself of getting the right Flagler Beach loan.
More On Debt Consolidation Loans in Flagler Beach FL
As I said above, prior to the credit crunch we had basically "easy money" whereby the Flagler Beach banks were encouraged to lend to pretty much anyone in Florida with a pulse. As the economy tanked and their Flagler Beach debts mounted, a large portion of these people who got easy credit are now looking for Flagler Beach consolidation programs. These Flagler Beach loans can be obtained but they are just like any other Flagler Beach loan. Your Florida credit rating, your ability to repay the Flagler Beach loan, an availability of collateral to secure the loan and the current Flagler Beach bank policies on Florida lending will determine if you get a Flagler Beach consolidation loan or not.
Where Is The Best Flagler Beach Loan Consolidation Service?
As I discussed above, the typical Flagler Beach loan consolidation service usually has a lower interest rate than the standard Florida loan that is putting you in the poor house. Be aware that just because you are in trouble with your Flagler Beach monthly payments, does not mean that you will automatically get Flagler Beach loan consolidation.
Where Can I find The Best Flagler Beach Debt Consolidation Help?
I spoke of collateral before and this is a big aspect of why Flagler Beach debt consolidation lenders may give you Flagler Beach loan consolidation. Unsecured Flagler Beach loans are the riskiest loans to give by a Florida lender. This is because if the Flagler Beach loan is defaulted on, the bank cannot get the money back. By requiring collateral to provide security on a loan (as some Flagler Beach banks do for Flagler Beach debt consolidation loans) the bank reduces their risk for the loan. A secured Flagler Beach loan allows the lender to offer the loan to you and then to offer the Flagler Beach loan at a reduced interest rate. Be careful to make sure you pay off the Flagler Beach credit card consolidation loan on time. If you were required to put up collateral and you default, the Flagler Beach bank will take that collateral as a way to recoup their loss.
Where Can I find The Best Florida Debt Consolidation Help?
Neptune Beach Lake Worth Kenneth City Milton Coconut Creek Holly Hill St Petersburg Mount Dora Belleview Indian Rocks Beach West Palm Beach Coral Gables Oakland Park Cedar Grove Palm Beach Belle Isle Longwood South Pasadena Cutler Bay Palmetto Live Oak Fort Pierce Marathon Springfield Lauderdale Vero Beach Flagler Beach North Lauderdale Stuart North Port Orlando Delray Beach Pinecrest West Miami Daytona Beach Shores Opa-locka LaBelle Dade City Belle Glade Oviedo Satellite Beach Fernandina Beach Punta Gorda Bradenton DeFuniak Springs Niceville Pembroke Pines
Google Searches for debt consolidation Flagler Beach FL
Debt Consolidation in Flagler Beach FL
Best Debt Consolidation Flagler Beach FL
Debt Consolidation Loans Flagler Beach FL
Credit Card Consolidation Flagler Beach FLAffordable Locksmith Secrets in Clayton OH 45315
{Connect with: Neighborhood skilled locksmiths provide a reliable familiarity with your spot matched with potent Group track record, although national support vendors present nicely-recognized criteria and repair practices.
Irrespective of some advancement in vital design since, nearly all of locks nowadays are still variants in the layouts invented by Bramah, Chubb and Yale.
When new or substitution locks are required, a locksmith assists The shopper in figuring out the proper sorts of locks needed according to the safety risk/exposure, everyday living safety application and frequency of use.
If you would like use a specialist locksmith from a trustworthy area enterprise, you need to get information about the individual, the worth and also the organization after you connect with.
Work out extreme warning when carrying out this, nonetheless, for the reason that if an intruder finds it, they are going to gain entry simply. Some locksmiths advocate putting The main element in a very plastic container and burying it underneath a rock or other item during the yard exactly where it will eventually unlikely be located.
This can be attained by using qualified professionals, delivering them with sound aid to supply a Consumer Knowledge that is certainly 2nd to none.
Local Locksmith Near Me … Affordable Locksmith Near MeThis basement condo renovation is located in Boston’s iconic South End, a neighborhood known for its brick townhomes. As we progress forward we are consistent with our craftsmanship and thoughtfulness throughout construction. Check out this episode to find out more.
The.The Sacrifice
1
He disguised himself in the tattered garments of a shepherd and slipped out the service gate. He gazed at the sky, which was decorated with garlands of stars. His eyes sparkled with a clandestine glitter. He listened carefully but heard only the stillness. He descended from the heights and crossed the Temple Plaza. He turned north and entered the alleys. The walls’ shadows swallowed him for a long distance. Before he emerged from the last alleyway, he remembered the council and pondered how those base specters called prominent citizens had corrupted his actions and transformed his good deed into a bad one. They had not been satisfied with distorting or corrupting it; they had gone even farther, speaking maliciously of him, and had conspired together. They had not merely revealed their hateful faces; their vengeful eyes had stared at him in an ill-omened blink when he had drawn powerful despair from his body the way tweezers draw a thorn from the foot. Then debility had flooded his soul. Could he forgive them this vengeful signal at the only hour when rulers need sympathy that they do not expect from foreigners, because they normally are the ones extending sympathy to foreigners?
He traversed the lanes, which were masked by rows of walls, and took the route leading to the fields. The singing of the grasshoppers grew louder, and the smell of grass and moist earth assaulted his nostrils. This was water’s smell. This was water’s perfume. This was water’s secret–water’s smell that dolts do not detect, not realizing that water moves all the things that scents pervade. Water crosses dead land and imbues dirt with a smell. It descends deep into the earth to reach seeds buried in pits. It revives them and infuses them with its breath to grant them an odor. Eventually it tires of playing underground and decides to leave the earth and return to its homeland through disintegration, rising in vapors and passing through the air to leave a scent in the void. Water! It has no odor but lavishly grants odors. It has no color but profusely grants colors. It has no taste but generously provides all tastes. Is this not sufficient proof that this entity belongs to the Spirit World?
He crossed the brook. The mysterious liquid gleamed in the irrigation ditches by the light of the stars. The smell of grass, mud, and fig trees grew more intense. He removed his sandals and placed them under his arm. He lowered his right foot into the water and sank his left foot into the brook’s slime. He waded in the mud for a stretch and then retraced his steps. The song of the grasshoppers rose like melancholy hymns. He slowly removed his baggy pants and pulled off his tunic as well. He loosened his head wrap and began to rid himself of his veil. He bundled his clothes together and threw them far away. He knelt on the earth and plunged into the mire. The noble liquid flooded over him, teased his limbs, tickled his armpits, and fondled his entire body. Then he sighed ecstatically and sniffed the humid air that water perfumed with its unknown scent.
He began the process of rehydration as water flowed through his body and he flowed through the mire’s body. He did not sink into the mud; instead the mud sank into him. The pores of his body opened to allow mud to enter, and mud’s pores opened to allow him to penetrate them with all his suppleness, virility, and fluidity. Then he succumbed and disappeared in order to struggle with a thirst that consuming water does not quench. It is a thirst that can be tamed only when a thirsty person renounces his pride and becomes part of the water, of the mud, of the amalgam of water and dirt, of earth and sky, of the desert and the Spirit World. He wallowed. He crawled right, turned north, and moaned ecstatically. Then he relaxed every muscle of his body and lay down.
In the earth’s thickets the hymn of the grasshoppers resounded. In the sky’s expanses gales grumbled.
He crawled toward the veil.
He reached the leather statue that was planted near the north brook. He crawled up this specter’s frame and glided into its coarse fabric the way a snake glides into its pit. He entered the veil to replace the veil. He fled from the scarecrow to take refuge in the scarecrow. He fled from the real scarecrow to shelter in the leather scarecrow erected in the fields. He liberated himself from a scarecrow that inhabited him–a scarecrow hostile to him, to settle as a guest in the belly of another scarecrow.
He freed himself the way a snake does when it sloughs off its skin. He did not merely liberate himself; he was reborn in a new body.
From this body enveloped in gloom, a mysterious hiss rattled.
…
2
The chief vassal said, “The hungry are grumbling, Master.”
They were strolling in the courtyard of the glorious fortress. The sun was kneeling in the West, and the eastern wall was bathed by twilight’s rays. The vanquished forces of the mirage, however, resisted desperately before they shot off into seclusion, leaving behind long trails, and then climbed the neighboring walls.
The leader clasped his hands behind his back and then asked, “Can a governor govern a public catastrophe? What strategy can a commander adopt against a problem that he had no role in creating?”
Anxiety settled into Abanaban’s eyes. His trembling hand reached out to adjust his veil around his cheeks. Straightening a veil is always a subterfuge to conceal nervousness or mask emotion. After a long silence he ventured, “I don’t feel able to offer any advice today. But, Master, I do wish to rescue anything I can. This is what induces me to bare my heart to my master and to discuss the customary law that obliges a ruler to feed his subjects.”
“I know. I know that the Law holds a ruler responsible for the welfare of his subjects. I know secondly that we can’t buy their obedience with anything but food. I know, finally, that the sovereign loses his title to sovereignty if he fails to provide these two things: security and bread!”
Caught off guard, he paused and stared at a corner of the wall. He continued with a different refrain: “But don’t forget that this is the Law of Peace–not the Law of War. Wartime dictates a different Law. Otherwise war wouldn’t be called war, and nations wouldn’t tremble in fright at the mere mention of the word.”
“I haven’t cast doubt on my master’s wisdom nor have I questioned his knowledge of the Law of commanders. I simply wanted to draw my master’s attention to the danger of civil unrest, because spies have reported that the stink of rebellion is in the air!”
“Everyone knows that prosperity in the oasis depends on the visits of merchant caravans. Everyone knows as well that the war has frightened away the caravans, which have changed their routes, depriving us of both their goods and our taxes on these goods. So where can I obtain food for the hungry?”
Twilight’s rays, which had been bathing the eastern ramparts, subsided, and the mirage’s tongues, which had been climbing those walls, scattered. The chief vassal said in a disturbing voice, “The day before yesterday they harvested the last edible palm core from the top of the last surviving palm tree in the fields!”
“The last palm?”
“And yesterday a patrol found a pile of human bones buried in a pit near the eastern wall.”
“What are you trying to say?”
Abanaban was silent for a time. When he replied, his voice sounded even stranger. “I’m trying to say that a man who preys on his brother’s flesh is not to be trusted.”
The leader appeared deflated but did not turn toward his companion. Instead he continued to stare at a patch of dirt veiled by the evening’s shadows. As if finding himself among people for the first time, he observed, “I wouldn’t have thought man would ever be able to do that.”
“Hunger, Master, ravishes the mind, and once the mind is lost, so is the man.”
“In the desert, people bury themselves in their tents during famines and don’t emerge till they’re dead.”
“The desert has different laws.”
“In the desert they combat hunger by hunting wild animals. Then if a man is lucky and returns with game, he sends half to the leader and divides the rest with his entire hamlet!”
“Different laws apply in the desert, Master.
“In the oasis they grumble and challenge authority, wanting to grab bread from the leader’s hand.”
“This is the law of the oasis, Master.”
“If they were a group that acknowledges a good deed, that would be easy–or have you forgotten how the nobles rejected me the day the council met?”
“No good deed goes unpunished, Master–that’s human nature.”
“From day one, I helped the downtrodden among them. I removed the tax burden from the shoulders of poor people, craftsmen, and farmers. I allowed their merchants to trade with gold. So life was revived, our standard of living was good, and everyone was happy.”
“Denial of a favor is a human characteristic, Master.”
“During a calamity, all I see in their eyes is a thirst for vengeance. What right have I to pardon these wretches’ mistreatment of me and give them bread, thus diminishing my own nourishment?”
“They claim our master foresaw this crisis, purchased all the wheat in the markets of the oasis, and then buried it secretly underground, the way sorcerers do.”
“I will give them all my stockpiles of wheat the moment you promise that this gift will buy their fealty to me for a single day.”
“I won’t ever do that, Master, because I know that man will never pardon a good deed.”
“Never pardon a good deed?”
“That’s right, Master. Man can forgive a bad deed but never a good one!”
He paused and turned his whole body to face his companion. Gazing into his master’s eyes with astonishment, the chief vassal saw he was trembling.
He stammered, “What a harsh prophecy!” His eyes glinted with a haughty flash, and he added with profound submission, “A harsh prophecy is the noblest kind.”
…
3
This prophecy tipped the balance, and inspired him to journey to the veil.
This prophecy completed the inspiration that had caused him to despair during the first days of the disaster.
This prophecy finished structuring the indistinct whisper, adding form and substance to it.
Now he could continue with his project.
Now he could shed his doubts and approach the Spirit World by executing his plan.
Only now did he know for certain that people who consider a good deed an unforgivable offense deserve no mercy. While he had hesitated for a long time to conduct the monumental sacrifice the Spirit World had imposed on him as a condition for saving him from every mighty trap, noble conduct had not raised him to the ranks of the virtuous. Instead, he had dropped to the level of fools.
Now, after achieving this certainty, he could discard his scruples and avenge himself on a community that had repaid his ancient benefaction with nothing but a ruse. He would take revenge, because he himself–like any human being–had never been anything more than the sacrificial victim of an act of vengeance. Yes, man from the very beginning has always been a miserable sacrificial victim offered in compensation for some previous vengeful act; he was therefore forced to seek revenge as well. He was to take his revenge quickly if he wished to avoid becoming the victim of another vengeful deed and being forced again from the lair by its occupant’s stings.
…
4
“Anyone who offers me his allegiance, come hell or high water, receives my guarantee that he will not feel hunger again or suffer from fear.”
The herald set off early in the morning with this announcement, and people flocked into the streets. Residents raced through the alleys–men and women, graybeards and youngsters–to climb the hill. Then they besieged the glorious fortress in just the same way that foreign tribes were laying siege to the walls of the oasis.
The soldiers forced them to halt and form queues in the audience chamber. The master made an appearance and repeated his talisman: “Anyone who offers me his allegiance, come hell or high water, receives my guarantee that he will not feel hunger again or suffer from fear.”
They roared their approval and wept with delight. Then they advanced in their queues toward the soldiers to accept their ration of wheat from the soldiers’ hands.
In that crowd, from somewhere in the rear, a stern voice rang out, sounding as if the speaker had never known the taste of hunger and had never been importuned by his children’s complaints at home. “The food’s poisoned! Watch out!”
No one paid any attention to his warning. People kept moving forward in their queues, dragging their feet like captives who had crossed the desert on foot. They bowed to the soldiers and then received their portion of a gift that would save them from hunger and safeguard them from fear.
The soldiers, for their part, did not heed the warning either; perhaps they did not care.
The voice cried out again: “This is a banquet, and a banquet is always a trap. So beware!”
The cry was lost in the din once more. Then the creature hidden in the crowd screamed out a new prophecy: “Once he captured your nobles with a banquet, and now he captures you with a banquet as well.”
No one heeded his cry. No one paid any attention to his existence, because hunger’s reign has always superseded that of prophecy.
…
5
The soldiers finished transporting the dead palm trunks from the fields and then laid giant piles of logs and planks in the Temple Plaza to create a bonfire bigger than any ever seen in the desert before.
The leader ordered the citizens to assemble inside the ring of firewood and then positioned himself on the hill at the gate of the glorious fortress. He waited until everyone was silent and then spoke with a harsh terseness learned from the language of prophecies. “When I promised that if you pledged allegiance to me, come what may, I would spare you hunger and fear, I took a solemn oath. Then I fed you and fulfilled half my oath. Now the time has come for me to pay the second half.”
He gestured to the chief vassal, and Abanaban raised his hand as a signal to the soldiers, who immediately rushed to set fire to the wood.
Screams resounded, and voices cried for help.
People shoved each other aside, trying to escape from the circle of fire, desperate to save themselves, but the soldiers stabbed them with swords and spears. Many fell to the ground, bleeding profusely, and then were trampled underfoot by the mob. Others retreated only to be choked by waves of smoke before perishing like the rest in the tongues of flame.
Despite the ferocity with which the soldiers guarded the ring around the fearsome hearth, the will to survive and the will to live proved stronger than all the ploys of these clever strategists, and fugitives escaped from here and there. Then they raced across the naked earth on their way to the Western Hammada Gate, but there specters rushed at them and felled them with arrows and lances.
This holocaust lasted a long time.
The soldiers polished off the civilians, and that night the leader hosted a banquet for his armed forces to repay them for the expert execution of their duties. They were not, however, destined to enjoy another sunrise, because the poison that their master had mixed into the food proved fast-acting, and they perished in no time at all.
…
6
The next morning the leader climbed to the roof terraces of the glorious fortress accompanied by the chief vassal. He contemplated the soldiers’ corpses, which were strewn around the hill, and gazed at the fearsome hearth–cluttered with ashes, charred wood, and pieces of bone–from which plumes of smoke rose. He looked up at the clear sky, and tears filled his eyes as he said, “This is the sacrifice!”
The chief vassal staggered to his side and wailed in a voice that was not his own: “How harsh is a lord’s vengeance! How harsh is the vengeance of lords!”
The master repeated in a voice that also was not his normal one, “This is the sacrifice!”
Stillness descended on the oasis, a stillness that seemed appropriate for an oasis where only the dead remained. The stillness lasted for some time.
Then the master wondered aloud, “Should we lament the destruction of a creature who pardons a bad deed but never forgives a good one?”
The chief vassal lamented, “Man doesn’t forgive a good deed, Master, because he is a man; man doesn’t forgive a good deed, because he rejects shackles and doesn’t want to be encumbered by obligations to others.”
“Even though such madness doesn’t give this creature any right to expect mercy, I fulfilled my promise–as you have seen. I saved them from fear after I fed them to spare them hunger. No enemy will ever harm them, and no evil will ever befall them.”
“Even if a creature fears pain, he would rather slither across the ground with no limbs, provided he remains alive, than swallow a panacea that spares him pain’s evil but costs him his life.”
“This is another argument that confirms that this haughty creature does not rise much above the level of an insect.”
“All the same, the desert loses its splendor and becomes a desolate wasteland once man leaves its realm. Look at the oasis, Master. Don’t you see that this is no longer an oasis? Don’t you see that what yesterday was an oasis has become an empty space we could call anything except an oasis?”
The leader did not reply, and a stillness befitting a place populated only by the dead settled over them.
This stillness did not last long.
A blade emerged from a sleeve as the light of the morning sun washed over it and descended like lightning to pierce a chest. The chief vassal staggered and stumbled back. He emitted a quiet groan before mastering himself and taking a few steps forward till he was beside his master, who whispered sadly, “Forgive me. A man who chooses to flee from his enemies must avoid leaving any witnesses behind.”
The wounded man grasped the dagger’s handle and with the forbearance of the ancients, replied, “I knew my master was destined to do this one day.”
“I was destined to join the ranks of the caravan you said could pardon a bad deed but not a good one. You’ve done me many favors, and now you’re receiving your due reward!”
“My master can rest assured that I shan’t bear a grudge against him, because what he has done proves that my master belongs to the human race.”
His pains silenced him, but he struggled stubbornly to withstand the blow and tried to pull the dagger from his chest. He staggered a step forward and then two steps back. He moaned grievously before falling to his knees and then collapsing on the roof’s membrane.
Rays of morning light illuminated his eyes, in which the master saw all the profundity, peacefulness, and symbolism of a smile.
…
7
He vanished into the chambers of the fortress and disguised himself there in a shepherd’s tattered garments. He descended the northeast side of the hill and cast a searching look at the heavens. The luminous disc was settled at the heart of the sky, and all beings swam in the mirage’s tongues. He listened carefully and heard the stillness. He detected that murky clamor that desert dwellers have learned to discern in the majestic stillness–this clamor that is always the secret message of stillness, a din diviners call the gibberish of eternity.
He listened carefully for a long time and was about to continue on his way when a whisper-like misgiving stopped him. He paused to listen carefully again. He began to spy on this stillness once more. He tried to discern the whisper in the sound of the stillness, the symbol in the voice of the silence, the worldly disturbance in the gibberish of eternity. He froze and held his breath. He focused his entire body on listening and transformed his limbs into ears. So he heard; he heard another convulsion in the clamor of the ages. He detected a distant, disturbing, monotonous pulse like the song of grains of sand complaining in sandy deserts to the gloomy expanses of night about the days’ raging heat. Had the quake’s hour arrived? Didn’t scholars say a similar sound precedes an earthquake?
He gazed up again at the horizons, which were partially obscured by the circular wall of the oasis. Then he spotted dust rising in all directions. A bloody circle of red dust particles from the Hammada was swirling into the empty air like a whirlwind. Had the attack begun? Had the whirlwind’s hour arrived?
He knelt on the dirt and rested his ear on the ground. Then he heard the convulsion even more clearly. Countless nations were advancing. Countless feet were marching his way. The Day of Reckoning had arrived. The armies would storm the walls before evening fell.
He decided he had to act quickly.
He traversed the empty alleys at a brisk pace almost like a canter. He lurched forward till he had left all the buildings behind. Before reaching the fields, he remembered the treasures. He recalled his plan for dealing with the treasures and smiled maliciously. He smirked in self-congratulation for the strategy he had devised to conceal the treasures. He smiled because he was sure the invaders would not discover even one of the gold or silver coins. He smiled because he was certain that he had ruined the chances for plunder of armies that had not embarked on this raid and endured the campaign’s terrors for any reason except their lust for booty. Yesterday he had spoiled their opportunity to seize the women. Today he had deprived them of the opportunity to lay hold of the treasures. So just when they thought themselves the victors, they would taste defeat, because a warrior who returns from a campaign without any booty or spoils is a defeated soldier, even if he won the battle. This was his present for the leader of the foreigners. This was his gift to the idol. This was his revenge that he had prepared for the scarecrow, the ghoul, the dragon. The thought made him giggle.
He reached the well and waded into the brook barefoot. He crushed carpets of grass underfoot, and the world’s ills slipped from his body. His foot plunged into the muck of the field, and the antidote for the all the world’s ills flowed through his physique. The humid breeze that carried the scent of mud, grasses, and a fig tree passed over him, and the poisons of confusion were drawn from his soul. He shed his tattered clothes one at a time. He pulled off his pants and tunic. He removed even his veil and stretched out in the mire. He sank into the muck until he disappeared. Then he poked his nostrils above the surface to take a breath and released a deep moan like the gasp of longing that springs from the chests of ecstatic mystics. He wallowed. He rolled about in the mud to rinse away the pains of angst. He wallowed in the field’s muck to cleanse himself of the world’s muck. He rolled about in the belly of the earth to free himself from the grasp of deceit. He continued a journey he had begun the day he embraced the beautiful widow and entered the fields with her. He had entered the fields with her because he was certain that once man enters the fields, he should never leave them. He had suspected that once man enters cultivated fields he must become part of the fields: the shadow of a tree, the trunk of a palm, or a plant growing by a brook. He had thought that fields are man’s homeland. He had suspected that orchards are man’s destiny and his paradise on the day he returns to these orchards. But the beautiful woman had belied his preconceptions and destroyed his certainty. So he had lost his wager, because he had not understood that anyone who wagers with a beautiful woman is destined to lose. He had returned from his orchards that day with an unpleasant sense of failure. He had borne in his hands the shackle he had mined from the comfort of despair, childhood, and forgetfulness. He had waded in the mires of deceit for a long time, and now his circuit was finally leading him to the shores of stillness. Here he was cheek by jowl with the orchard. His body was the mud, his blood the brook’s water, and his hair the grass of the field. His breath was a breeze freshened by the fragrance of flowers, grass, and damp earth.
He did not know how long this encounter lasted, but when he crept away and entered the nearby skin-clad frame to borrow the scarecrow’s body, the fields had donned evening’s sash.The 12-digit UPC is located under the barcode where the product is scanned at the store during purchase.
Our stand-up resealable bags are not recyclable due to the material we use to help maintain product freshness. As a company, we employ many procedures aiming to protect the environment in multiple ways. We stay committed by conserving energy and focusing on waste and energy reduction throughout all.
Yes, walnuts naturally contain ALA omega-3s (alpha-linolenic acid, a plant-based polyunsaturated fat).
Milk is one of the allergens in our plant. This includes casein and whey. Nuts may be run on shared equipment with these milk products.
All Orchard Valley Harvest products are Non-GMO Project Verified.
If you purchase any of our products from a retailer or wholesaler and the product is past the best-by date, we recommend that you return or exchange the expired product directly at the location where it was purchased. and shipping information or to place an order, please call the Company Store at (847) 214-4400, available Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m.; Saturday, 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.; and Sunday, 11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m., Central Time. Holiday and special occasion gifts are available.@orchardvalleyharvest.com or at the toll-free number (800-874-8734). The Consumer Relations Department is available Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Central Time.Unbeknownst to me, the annual Grammy Awards were held last Sunday. Not being a fan of award shows in general, coupled by the fact that the selection committee often ignores many of the artists I support in favor of bands like, The Jonas Brothers, or artists such as, Justin Bieber, I would have forgotten about the show altogether, had the Arcade Fire not scored an "upset" after winning the award for Best Album of the Year. But instead of continuing to rip the Grammy's, I'd rather focus on someone they (rightfully) honored as 2009's Best New Artist, Adele. From fellow Grammy Award winner, Amy Winehouse, to indie darling, Lily Allen, and up-and-coming, Duffy, Adele seems poised to follow in the footsteps of these other British imports and finally make a splash in America. Following her 2008 debut album, 19, Adele's follow up album, 21, is scheduled to be released stateside February, 22. Of all her new songs, my personal favorite is the last track, "Someone Like You," in which Adele laments about lost love with her soulful vocals.
But it was the High Contrast Remix of Adele's song, "Hometown Glory," that initially caught my drew my attention to this artist.
Hope you enjoy the tracks, remember to support the artist if you liked what you heard and have a happy Music Monday!Somewhere Between 1x8 online subtitrat HD
Sep. 05, 2017
Destiny’s Child
Betrayed by Tom, Laura learns that Serena is at the TV station and fears her daughter will suffer the same original fate. Meanwhile, Nico tries to get his hands on evidence that could help save his brother.
Somewhere Between season 1
- 1x1Appointment in SamarraJul 24, 2017
- 1x2Destiny 2.0Jul 31, 2017
- 1x3The Hunter and the HuntedAug 01, 2017
- 1x4Fate Takes a HolidayAug 08, 2017
- 1x5Into the FireAug 15, 2017
- 1x6
- 1x7The Fourth ManAug 29, 2017
- 1x8Destiny’s ChildSep 05, 2017
- 1x10One Must DieSep 19, 2017The good news is that the NWS has bumped up our Monday storm to a Winter Weather Advisory level. The bad news is that the reason for this advisory is the threat of sleet and ice with this event. The timing is from 3 AM to 4 PM Monday.
The neutral news is that the storm might start later than we think. If it pushes back by 60 or 90 minutes, we still should be okay for delay decisions. If it's 2 or 3 hours later, we're going to have one of those mornings where Superintendents should have called a snow day but will not have. That's just going to make everyone even grumpier on a Monday morning.
Here's a shot of the 5 PM radar:
The precipitation is moving toward
We still think a few schools will have delays tomorrow, but not everyone in the County will be so lucky. Check in with GSD when you wake up--we'll have a running tally of delays going as soon as the calls come in.Going Independent!
I am firing up Krystal Lauk Studios and now taking on illustration and art direction projects full time! For most of us, the new year signifies a renewal of ourselves- to step…06 January 2018
Academy of Art TalkI spoke to Illustration students at my Alma Mater, Academy of Art, about illustrating for the tech industry and DIYing it as an independent illustrator.06 May 2017
Ignite TalkMy first public talk on the importance of illustration in technology is now available on YouTube! Thanks Ignite SF for bringing me on as a speaker!20 March 2017
Celebrating Year of the Monkey King with Sketchpad Gallery!
So excited to be showing a work of art celebrating the Year of the Monkey King at Sketchpad Gallery! Be sure to stop by Saturday, August 27th between 2-6pm. RSVP and share…27 August 2016
Turning a New Page in the Sketchbook
A couple days ago I found myself in a pitch black hut in Mexico sitting in front of a pit filled with burning lava rocks. Four other people joined with me, including a…07 June 2016
Featured in the No.12 3×3 Illustration Annual!I just received my copy of the No.12 3x3 Illustration Annual- it's a gorgeous, hefty little book with pages upon pages of amazing work! I'm honoured to have three of my illustrations…07 March 2016
Miyazaki Spirit Tribute Show AftermathThis weekend was the opening show of the Miyazaki Spirit Tribute show, a special curation by the Time Beards, Craig Drake and Luke Harrington. The RSVP on the Facebook events page for…07 March 2016
The "Zootopian" VisionJust saw Zootopia- and was floored. As the story unfolded, I realized that a very strong message was being delivered, of racial stereotypes and inequality. Of fear mongering against certain classes of…05 March 2016
Tribute to Miyazaki!
A sneak peak at my final work was featured in Gizmodo, SFStation, and SF FunCheap! I will be showing work among an amazingly talented group of artists at the Miyazaki Tribute show this…04 March 2016
Runner-Up for Creative Quarterly 42!
I was pleasantly surprised to find that the director of Illustration at the Academy of Art, entered in a few of my past student works on my behalf to the Creative Quarterly!…10 December 2015
Categories
- Culture (2)
- Illustration (10)
- Personal Work (3)
- Thoughts (4)Title
Challenges and strategies for effectively teaching the nature of science: A qualitative case study
Date of Completion
January 2006
Keywords
Education, Sciences
Degree
Ph.D.
Abstract content area, and (3) using an inquiry-based model in their classroom. This study describes a curricular and pedagogical model for lesson planning and implementation of inquiry-based activities that promotes NOS understandings in the classroom. It defines the challenges encountered while fostering these understandings, and suggests that NOS needs to be integrated across the educational life span of all students. ^
Recommended Citation
Koehler, Catherine M, "Challenges and strategies for effectively teaching the nature of science: A qualitative case study" (2006). Doctoral Dissertations. AAI3221546.Standards and guidelines development
Results are sorted by date modified.
- All results (491)
- Requests (18)
- Offers (5)
- Resources (32)
- Standards (3)
- Organisations (369)
- Stories (54)
- Guidelines (5)
- Q & A (1)
- Videos (4)
IBLF launches anti-corruption programme in India
>>IMAGE...
Starbucks™ Shared Planet™ commitment to ethical sourcing
.
Piloting innovative social assessment in a Colombian oil field
.....
Indonesia's tourism industry is getting tsunami ready
Following the Asian tsunami the Indonsesian Ministry of Culture and Tourism has partnered with the Bali Hotels Association (BHA) to improve tsunami readiness amongst hotels. The initiative is supported by the German Centrum für Migration und Entwicklung (CIM).
Streamlined disaster policy improves customer safety
Tokyo Gas supplies natural gas to customers throughout Japan. Tokyo Gas has developed clear guidelines for earthquake preparedness in key phases - prevention policies, emergency policies, and restoration policies.
Banks team up with Endeavour to provide training for SMEs in Brazil
....I received this today, and not for the first time. It’s legit according to Snopes () so please take a second and give it a click, every day if possible.ograms in exchange for advertising.
Here’s the web site! You can only click once a day so please pass it along to people you know…
Advertisements
One response to “Clicking to Donate – thebreastcancersite.com”
I forgot all about this – I am going to post it to my blog too.
~InezWitiko lives in the North
Witiko lives in the Wind
Witiko’s gift is the Wind
Witiko’s voice howls and cuts
Witiko kills the father’s eyes
Witiko slices the mother’s tongue
And children whirl like lost chicks
like when the grouse hen is dead and eaten
the wind blows hard and cold
Witiko screams and tears up the land
Everyone is scattered and blown up by the force of it
Flying crystals of ice glittering
The cold white softness of snow
Screaming, still screaming across the black sky
The moon watches, glowing like steel,
Quiet and smooth.
and the snowdrifts pile up in the alleys
where the children got blown
with the dirt and the garbage
trying to hide from the screaming
It doesn’t stop.
Their beautiful brown skin melts the snow,
softens the cold hard glaze on the old men’s eyes.
and the car door closes.
Slamming out the moon.
Kids turn hard when they learn
to suck cock for cash,
hard and cold at the same time.
Their gentle glow masked by knives in their eyes
"Fucker tried to rip me off,
rip off my sister and my brother,
so I cut him up.
I think he shit himself.
You should’a seen all the blood,
he was fucking spraying it all over."
Tough kids laugh at cruelty.
Then they look up into the cold black sky,
They see the moon sewn into the grandmothers’
web of stars, and hear its song.
Then they shake and cry hot swollen tears that won’t stop,
until the needle goes in.
The boys are eager and hungry
They stand close to each other
Their traplines on the dark streets
uncoiled and faded away.
Time to poke up, swim in the heat of the blood,
the needle finds a vein and blooms
hot and red in its barrel
Hungry eyes, eager eyes,
the soft brown skin stretched tight like a drum,
and their breath is shaking, shaking.
He pulls it out and just as fast, faster
pokes his friend, his brother, his lover
and they poke each other circling,
and flying together, harder and faster,
expanding inside their trembling bodies
and filling the world
and each poke is a stab
that slices them off
killing each other
like shadows, the final prints of their bodies in the whiteness,
where they lay melting the snow
where they were thrown,
where they lay down softly, in slow motion.
and their heat rises from deep inside their ass,
deep when the spine is anchored,
the place where the soul doesn’t know itself.
Watch that process now
because you can
because your anchor is not torn out
and hanging by a bloody shred.
Watch the shadows grow to cover their eyes
spreading softly across their burning skin.
Watch their flesh dissolve
until your tears blind you
and your crying throat threatens to choke off the air.
Witiko screams with laughter and tears up the world
Witiko’s gift is the wind
It lifts the boys out and away
rising through the black sky
and condenses them softly into the furious brilliance of the moon.
Safe and luminous,
they finally shine.
That peaceful, cold shining
that throbs and resonates
Singing in our hearts
because that light is made of the souls
of all the dead children.
Their song is sewn gently and with care
into the grandmothers’ web of stars.
For us, Witiko can only scream with laughter
Watching us pinned down and wiggling
scorched by the burden of our nightmares.
Witiko lives in the North
Witiko lives in the Wind
Witiko’s gift is the wind
Witiko’s voice howls and cuts
Witiko screams and tears up the land
Everyone is scattered and blown
by the force of it.
Screaming, still screaming across the black sky,
The moon watches,
Glowing like steel, quiet and smooth.
Please leave your comments here...kinanâskomitin (thanks!)Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday # Show Season / Episode Genre IMDb Status 1 The Flash Season 4 , Episode 10 Action Adventure Drama 8.1 Upcoming 2 This Is Us Season 2 , Episode 12 Comedy Drama 8.8 Upcoming 3 The Fosters Season 5 , Episode 11 Drama Romance 8.0 Upcoming 4 The Challenge (1998) Season 33 , Episode 3 Adventure Game-Show Reality-TV 7.5 Upcoming 5 Black-ish Season 4 , Episode 12 Comedy 7.1 Upcoming 6 Chicago Med Season 3 , Episode 7 Drama 7.8 Upcoming 7 Lethal Weapon Season 2 , Episode 13 Action Crime Drama 8.1 Upcoming 8 America's Next Top Model Season 24 , Episode 2 Game-Show Reality-TV 5.6 Upcoming 9 Fresh Off the Boat Season 4 , Episode 13 Comedy 8.0 Upcoming 10 The Mick Season 2 , Episode 12 Comedy 7.8 Upcoming 11 The Middle Season 9 , Episode 13 Comedy 7.5 Upcoming 12 Schitt's Creek Season 4 , Episode 2 Comedy 7.9 Upcoming 13 Geordie Shore Season 16 , Episode 2 Comedy Drama Reality-TV 5.3 Upcoming 14 K.C. Undercover Season 3 , Episode 14 Action Comedy Family 6.2 Aired 15 Black Lightning Season 1 , Episode 1 Action Sci-Fi 7.4 Upcoming 16 LA to Vegas Season 1 , Episode 3 Comedy 6.5 Upcoming 17 The Mayor Season 1 , Episode 11 Comedy 5.0 UpcomingHere's my confession...I love chocolate! Chocolate bars...chocolate cake...chocolate cookies! So when I moved to Tennessee and heard of a Chocolate Fudge pie, I was ecstatic! Then I saw it. :/ It did not look good to me! I put off trying it for the longest time just because it was an ugly pie! (FYI...I love baking. I also love having what I bake to look pretty ;) Long story short, I finally tried it. The only plus to waiting on taste testing was for my waistline to stay the same. :) You definitely don't want to indulge all the time but it is a must try if you love chocolate!! Here you go....
Ingredients:
1/2 c. butter
3/4 c. dark brown sugar
3 eggs
12 oz. melted chocolate chips
2 tsp. coffee grounds
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 c. flour
1/2 c. pecans or walnuts (optional)
"As Easy As Pie"-Pie Crust
Directions below with pictures!
1. In mixer, add packed dark brown sugar and butter.
Mix until light and fluffy.
Add 1 egg at a time. Beat after each egg.
Add melted chocolate, coffee, and vanilla. Mix well.
Stir in flour.
Spread evenly in your pie crust. Do not overfill.
It will rise in the oven and crack as shown in the picture above.
And then it will fall! :( Like I said...ugly pie! Do try though. Yummy- yummy!
I have had different preferences on how people want it served. Some like it heated in the microwave, almost making it taste like a brownie. I, on the other hand, prefer it cold. I wait until it cools at room temperature and then refrigerate it. I like the texture that way.
Whatever your preference, cut yourself a slice and enjoy some chocolate bliss!
Yum! I've gotta try this! (Do you suppose it would freeze well?)
I have never tried but I bet it would! Let me know if you try it! :)- ‘Agreement for Hire’ booking form
- Your bond
- Signed ‘Terms & Conditions’ form
- Condiments – salt, pepper, sauce, coffee, tea, sugar
- All your food & drinks for the duration of your trip (we suggest freezing your meat, especially for long trips)
-!The prequel series to The Lord Of The Ring’s second instalment has arrived.. this time providing a more in-depth and thrilling experience.
Desolation of Smaug is another example of the films this year that upped the ante and overtook its predecessor (Yes, i’m talking about Catching Fire).
The first instalment of the Hobbit series, An Unexpected Journey was overpopulated with material that was not in the book with unnecessary add-ons, the 2nd instalment on the other hand again adds more to the source material by drawing from the trilogy’s appendices but this time proves more worthwhile and instead adds more to it (particularly the incorporation of Legolas (Orlando Bloom) and Tauriel (Evangeline Lilly).
All comparisons aside, the ball finally starts to get rolling by this point of the book with the film revolving around Bilbo and co. entering the dark forest and all the obstacles along the way until finally reaching the great big dragon Smaug. Gandalf on the other-hand faces a mission that ties in nicely with the Lord Of The Rings trilogy.
Middle-earthian music is again present here yet again and will no doubt please LOTR lovers, along with the stunning scenery of middle-earth (aka New Zealand). The cast of-coarse is also superb as usual along with the action being much more captivating then the first, with visually pleasing sequences of escaping the Dwarves Helms to entering Smaug’s golden kingdom.
The only major fault of the film is its runtime, the battle between Smaug was stretched way too far and felt way too long to be staying in one place. In the novel adaption the battle was much shorter, but of-coarse what can you expect from a small novel being adapted into a gigantic three-part trilogy.. your bound to face extended action sequences!
Overall, The Hobbit: The Desolation Of Smaug is a fun action-adventure fantasy that will please fans of the genre and those who loved The Lord Of The Rings franchise. It manages to surpass it’s clunky first instalment and finds its own ground among the fantasy film genre despite its lingering runtime.
2 Comments
While it suffers from some pacing issues, this sequel is a fun and entertaining ride, while still pretty damn long. Nice review Shahbaz.
thank you, glad you agree 🙂Hotel Strix Tokyo, Tokyo
- Free WiFi in lobby
Main amenities
- 82 guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Breakfast available
- Self parking
- 24-hour front desk
- Daily housekeeping
- Free newspapers in the lobby
- Free WiFi in lobby
For families
- Private bathroom
- Free toiletries
- Daily housekeeping
- Hair dryer
- Digital TV service
- Flat-panel TV
What’s around
-)
- Imperial Palace Garden (5.5 mi / 8.8 km)
- Yasukuni Shrine (5.6 mi / 9 km)
- Tokyo National Museum (5.8 mi / 9.3 km)
Hotel Strix Tokyo, Tokyofrom $99
- Single Room, 1 Twin Bed
- Comfort Single Room
- Double Room
- Comfort Double Room
- Twin Room, 2 Twin Beds
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 82 rooms
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time 2 PM-3 AM
Required at check in
- Credit card or cash deposit required
- Government-issued photo ID required
Travelling with others
Children
- No cribs (infant beds)
Pets
- Pets not allowed
Internet
- Free WiFi in public areas
Transportation
Parking
- Self parking *
In the hotel
- Full breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- 24-hour front desk
- Free newspapers in lobby
In the room
- Private bathroom
- Shower only
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Flat-screen TV
- Digital TV channels
- Desk
- Daily housekeeping
Also popular with travelers from the USA Toky 1620 per night
Full breakfast is offered for an extra charge of JPY 830 per person (approximately)
We have included all charges provided to us by this hotel. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
What’s around Hotel Strix Tokyo, Tokyo
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Tokyo (HND-Haneda) 39-min drive
- Tokyo (NRT-Narita Intl.) 66-min drive
- Tokyo Ikebukuro Station 7-min walk
- Tokyo Shinjuku Station 17-min drive
- Tokyo Station 20-min drive
- Ikebukuro Station 2-min walk
- Self parking (surcharge)
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
. Somehow the names of Beyonce and Jay-Z’s twins slipped through their veil of secrecy and turned out to be Suni and Sir.“Suni” is a Japanese name implying beauty and grace.“Sir” is a title of respect implying a high ranking gentleman – a lord or a knight.JAC comment: Yesterday I received an exercised email (with video links) from reader Kurt, complaining bitterly about the promotion of medical woo on a recent episode of Bill Maher’s “Real Time”—promotion done with Maher’s apparent approval and complicity.Rather than rephrase Kurt’s email or risk plagiarizing his take on the show, I asked him to write his email as a post.Now if the Carters named their DAUGHTER Sir, we’d be fine with that.Males don’t need titles to think they’re better than everyone else.
The anti-vaccination slant of every panelist, as well as of Maher himself, is deeply disturbing, as are their dark hints that there’s some shaky science behind the claim that vaccinations are safe and effective.
You can, however, fix cells not updating or excel formulas not updating very easily using a lot of ways.
From here, go to Calculation and then select “Automatic”.
I’m appalled that a man so adamant in his support of evolution—and, as far as I knew, science in general—can be so wrong-headed when it comes to scientific medicine.
******* Not Even Wrong: Review of “Real Time with Bill Maher” science-denying panel discussion By Kurt I wanted to draw your attention to the 6 February, 2015 episode of “Real Time” with Bill Maher.
It would be a clever turning of the tables and equalizer for the girl.
8 CommentsFractured Prune Eyes August Opening
The area’s doughnut scene will get a little hotter this summer, with the forthcoming arrival of the Fractured Prune at the Village at Leesburg development.
An Ocean City, MD, icon, the doughnut franchise has branched out from its boardwalk beginnings to now include 26 locations nationwide. Angel Smith, the owner of the soon-to-open Leesburg location, recently completed a 23-year career as a U.S. Marine pilot and purchased the rights to 10 stores in the Northern Virginia area. The Village at Leesburg shop will be her first to open.
The Stafford resident is planning to run the Leesburg shop with the help of her daughter and store general manager, Kaelin Evans. Smith chose the Village at Leesburg as her first location because of the culture at the development.
“The sense of dedication to the community stood out,” she said. “There’s a great vibe here. It felt like exactly where I needed to be.”
The doughnut market is a hot one at the moment, with competition from Duck Donuts, B Doughnut, and other competitors. For Smith, she said the goal is making sure that every customer gets a hot, made-to-order donut of the same quality as one they would receive in its flagship store. Adjusting opening hours to catch commuters on their way into work is also a goal, Smith said.
An opening in the second week of August is anticipated.
For more information, visit facebook.com/fracturedpruneleesburg.
krodriguez@loudounnow.com
One thought on “Fractured Prune Eyes August Opening”
I was going to ask why the think this will turn out any differently than the last time around, but after I checked, I saw that it closed over 7 years ago! Admittedly, Leesburg has changed a lot in the last 7 years, but are they really thinking that the new location will be *that* much better than the last one?Full surrender means to surrender with body, mind and words
Friday, May 15, 2015 - 10:27
Full surrender means to surrender with body, mind and words. The Bhagavad Gita tells us that our mind may be our friend, but can also be our enemy. This depends on our control over the mind. If we cannot control our mind, we will be dictated by lust, anger, avarice, illusion etc. But when we conquer our mind and when we are able to control it, one will be able to accept the Supreme Personality of Godhead, who is situated in our heart. There are nine kinds of devotional service that help us to surrender. The first two, and most important ones, are to hear and to talk or sing about the glories of the Lord. The daily engagement in hearing and chanting of the Lord will clean our consciousness.Just two years ago The Catawba River Foundation had zero dollars, zero
members, zero volunteers, no Riverkeeper(R),
no staff, and no patrol boat. Today, the Foundation has a ninety thousand dollar budge, over 400 members, 184 volunteers, 3 staff people, one Riverkeeper(R) and two patrol boats. We have also just received a thirty thousand dollar grant for the purchase
of sophisticated, state of the art water quality monitoring equipment.
Since you are an integral part of a larger organization, when you speak
for clean water, your voice will count and you will
be heard. We will make a difference for Lake Norman for future generations.
Attendance at monthly Covekeeper training.
Willingness to learn about the nature of the river/lake environment.
Ability to problem solve and follow through to resolution pollution
issues in your adopted cove with the assistance of the
Riverkeeper(R) and/or Lakekeeper.
A boat or vehicle.
Honesty and Integrity.
Determination and persistence.
Self-motivation
1986 Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. became Chief Prosecuting Attorney for the Hudson Riverkeeper(R)
1987 Pace University Law Clinic forms partnership with Hudson Riverkeeper(R).
1988-1992 Other Keeper Programs established:
1998 Catawba Riverkeeper(R) established on the Catawba River by the Catawba River Foundation, Inc.
Currently there are 35 River, Sound or Baykeepers in the World.
The Catawba Riverkeeper(R) was the 21st in the Nation,
3rd in NC and 1st in SC.
Spring 1997
The LN and LW Marine Commissions form the Catawba River foundation to sponsor a Riverkeeper
Summer 1997
CRF licensed by the National Alliance of River, Sound and Baykeepers to keep all 225 miles of the Catawba River from headwaters to the Dam at Lake Wateree.
Jan 1, 1998
Donna Lisenby hired as Catawba's first and only Riverkeeper(R)
April 1998
Volunteer Keeper Program begins at Lake Wylie.
July 1999
Volunteer Keeper Program begins on Lake Norman.Wordpress Design / Development
Ngân sách $30-250 USD
I would like to hire someone, starting immediately, to assist with design and development changes to an existing wordpress website. You must be able to start working immediately (within the hour) and should have the following capabilities:
1) Advanced knowledge of wordpress
2) Ability to transfer components from one wordpress theme to another
3) Ability to make design changes to an existing wordpress site
4) Be familiar with available wordpress plugins and their implementation
5) Be creative and able to create designs in Adobe CS applications ready for web. I will provide detailed instructions.
I would like to hire someone that can work with me for the next 12 hours. Now through 7 pm eastern time tonight.
15 freelancer đang chào giá trung bình $131 cho công việc này
Hello Let me introduce myself Ashley working as a Project Manager in Sam-Sys. Kindly check the PMB for more information. Regards, Ashley
WordPress expert here please check PMB for details and i am ready to start immediately...Thank You!
Hello mate, We can help you out in your project . Kindly send us the details of the project and we will customize your wordpress site as your specifications. Thanks and Regards.
Hello Wordpress expert here.. Please check pmb.. Thanks
I am a blog designer especially in Wordpress. I like to customize wordpress themes to become a clean and professional look website.Munnier - Author InformationBiography in Context is a great tool for finding information about just about anyone. Want the life story of Justin Bieber? You'll find it here. How about the address of Twilight's Robert Pattinson's agent? Yep. Author of the TrueColors series, Melody Carlson? No question. Simply put in your search request here.
TeachingBooks.net: This
- KidsReads.com: Has many authors' bios here.
- Penguin Group: Includes authors who write for the publisher for Penguin Group, along with the smaller Penguin companies, like RazorBill)
- RandomHouse Teens: Includes authors who write for the publisher RandomHouse
- Scholastic Authors Bios: Includes authors who write for the publisher Scholastic
- Simon and Schuster: Includes authors who write for the publisher Simon and Schuster, which includes its smaller companies, like Atheneum Books for Young Readers
- Candlewick Press: Includes authors who write for Candlewick Press
- Hachette Book Group: Includes authors who write for Hachette Book Group, including its smaller company, Little, Brown.I recently traveled to Sacramento, CA to perform an appraisal on the California born and raised 1965 Pontiac GTO. This car car was in Norther California it's entire life. It has completely original sheet metal that has never been repaired due to rust or accident. Cars with this quality of body and chassis always bring a premium, and its a great … [Read more...]Bruce towards society’s problems and the betterment of our modern lives, not just in Britain but worldwide.
I am extremely honoured to have the opportunity to make a contribution to its progressive work.”
Bruce RimellA new hobby
You may remember, I discovered linocut printmaking on Etsy a couple months ago and felt an instant pull to try my hand at it. What do I love about linocut? How to explain…
It’s physical. As in sore shoulders from keeping even pressure and a precise trajectory on the cutter. Physical, as in nicked fingers and thumbs when you’re first testing the limits of the cutter. Physical, as in aching neck from hunching over your projects. Hours pass.
It’s involved, a multi-step process. Drawing or designing your art, either directly onto the tile or in photoshop. Transferring the mirror image of your design onto the tile using graphite paper. Carving. Inking. Printing. Printing again.
Copies! You can print more than one.
Inking. As you can see in the pictures, it’s best to roll the ink out onto a nonporous surface. My glass Ikea table works nicely. It’s like being a kid again and painting on the furniture, only this time it’s allowed. Because it washed right off.
It has texture. I’m no artist, haven’t taken an art class since middle school, so I don’t have the right terminology to describe what I love about the look and feel of linocut. But texture comes to mind. The ink reveals the topography of the artist’s process. It’s no coincidence, I’m sure, that birds, nature and landscapes are popular motifs in linocut. The carving tools allow the natural textures and angles to shine through.
Dig into it. There’s something cathartic about eliminating negative space. Digging into the soft linoleum, cutting it away. It’s a picker’s dream.
Have you tried your hand at linocut before? Or another kind of printmaking? I’m enthralled by the entire genre. This video was a major source of inspiration. This one, too, in case you’re in a video-watching mood today.
I’m going to try this! Thanks for the idea.Healthcare Marketing
Medical clinics often suffer a decrease in patients during the summer months and count on their fall and winter patient flow to carry them through the lean months. Many nurse practitioners, physicians, dentists, and optometrists have little time to spend creating and implementing a marketing strategy. And a lot of them rarely log on to social media. Does this sound like you?
With nearly a decade of experience in social media management, website development, and local advertising strategy, we drive patients to your clinic so you can focus on patient care.Brickcom Collaborates with DIGIEVER on Edge Recording
Brickcom's partnership with DIGIEVER has gone one step further with the announcement of DIGIEVER's edge recording support for the Brickcom IP cameras. This value-added feature enables both companies to build an IP surveillance system with high video availability regardless of blackouts or network failures.
Blackouts and network failures are the Achilles' heel for the IP video surveillance system.When these happens, the cameras will be down or lose the network connection. Lost video almost always equals "lost evidence" since no one knows what could have happened on the spot at that time, which undermines the surveillance system's effectiveness. The uninterruptible power supply (UPS) may be in place for the cameras, NVRs, and network equipment, but is usually too expensive to be a viable solution.
With the edge recording support, the camera can record the video to its local storage (typically an SD or micro SD card) when its connection to the network fails. Once the connection is recovered, the video during the network downtime will be sent to the NVR to fill in the missing parts. Edge recording assures the availability of video, and is anticipated for the mission-critical video surveillance needs, such as bank monitoring or crime suppression.
The Brickcom IP cameras with local storage is "edge recording-ready" when connected to the DIGIEVER NVR. Edge recording is supported by DIGIEVER's entire NVR line, including the DS-8200-RM Pro, DS-4200-RM Pro, DS-4200 Pro, DS-2100 Pro, DS-1100 Pro and DS-4000 and DS-2000 series.
.jpg)Harlan Perlman begins his 25th season as Greg Herrick’s top assistant coach.
Considered by many to be one of the hardest workers in the profession, Perlman’s responsibilities include recruiting, academic advisement and game preparation. He also works closely with the Cougar post players.
“Next to the performance of our great players, Coach Perlman has been as responsible for our continued success as anybody in our program,” said Herrick. “His contributions, which sometimes go unnoticed, are immeasurable.”
Perlman previously coached at Hart High School, where he served as Boys’ Varsity Assistant and Head Junior Varsity Coach. His Indian JV team captured two Foothill League Championships in five seasons and compiled an impressive 64-28 record.
He also also teaches at The Learning Post, an alternative high school in the William S. Hart Union High School District. In 2003, he was honored as “Teacher of the Year” at the school.
Perlman and his wife, Kathleen, reside in Saugus..
As with The Game of Life
you have to spin the wheel of fortune to find out where you are going to move. Not only does it control how far you move but there are also event and cards that are available on the wheel as well. As to the events, they can be both good and bad, from landing you in the hospital for several turns or giving you an edge against your competition. You can also get cards that can be used during your turn that will either give you discounts on goods, modify your count of spaces that you are to move or give you an insurance card that keeps you from missing turns. Another way that the game is like Life is that the way the board is laid out, it is not square but curvy and following loosely what the roads might be like in the particular city that you are playing.
Trade Mania starts you out in Seattle and you need to own a certain amount of the properties for you to be able to continue too the next level. When you start the game takes you step by step through all of the functions that you are able to do in the game. It shows you how to buy and sell goods, how to upgrade your properties, how to buy the properties and how the cards work in the game. Any time that you encounter something that has been encountered by you for the first time the game will describe for you in detail how to manage and do the task that is at hand. Once you have mastered these skills and don’t want the tutorial active any more you just click “End Tutorial” and the game wont prompt you any more about what is happening in your turn. At first you might think the whole game is not very user friendly but after just a few minutes you will find that the game is actually very intuitive and allows you to play at your own pace. Since the game is turn based you are able to take all the time you need to figure out what you are going to do next.
One nice thing about the different areas or lots that you land on is the little “I” or information icon that is on the picture of the lot when you are prompted to either buy or trade during your turn. Clicking on the icon will give you real world information about that lot. You get a little synopsis of its history and how it is important to the city that you are playing in. You can actually learn something from this game instead of just trying to crush your opposition and run them into bankruptcy and ruin. The music for the game is also upbeat and broken enough to not become repetitive and maddening. The sounds in the game compliment it instead of distracting from it. The makers of this game coded it well and took esthetics into account when deciding what kinds of music and sound was used in the game. This was not just thrown together and rushed out the door, sure it draws from other games but in a way that makes the game even better then the parts that were built upon.
When playing the game you are able to make it your own. You are able to choose your name, your avatar and even the color of your game piece. Being able to do those little things allows a player to be drawn into the game and feel that it is themselves that is playing and not just something that they see on the computer screen. It give immersion even though the game is played much like a board game. It is these little attention to details that make this game stand apart and make it one that you will find yourself always coming back to for fun and diversion. Even the colors and the maps make it seem more then just a game.
On the board are several ways to be able to make money with instead of just collecting rent, though you can increase rent buy improving properties. Some ares of the board when you land on them give you instant money to be able to use. Other areas will give you cards and events that can also increase your funds. Another way as well is that on each area of the board you are able to buy and sell goods. For example you can buy pipes on one area for 4k and then on another area sell them for 8k or more, it just depends on the supply and demand that the game keeps track of. You can’t just sell anything, sometimes if you sell you would actually loose money as they are not paying as much for the item. Sometimes the items that you have in your vehicle are not even being bought and then you have to either throw them away or hold on to them to sell later at another lot. If you are shroud enough you can make a very big profit on just the sale of goods.
Your character moves around the board in a vehicle, even though you do not actually see one. The only time that you see the vehicle that you have is when you are trading goods or have landed on a vehicle lot where you can upgrade to a bigger one. The size of your vehicle determines how many goods you are able to have on you at one time. You start the game with a scooter which holds just 2. With just 2 you can’t really make a lot of profit buying and selling. To make the real money you need a larger vehicle such as a truck or rig to get materials really moving. The only time you can upgrade is when you land on the vehicle or car lot. Once on the lot if you have enough funds you can get the next vehicle that is available. When you do buy it you will also get to see what the next sized one is and how much it can carry. The more you can carry the more types of material you can buy and sell.
If you like the Game of Life and love to play Monopoly then you are going to absolutely love this game. With all the interesting sounds, fun music and interesting information and news you see in the game you will find it hard to get bored with this game. Once you start you just don’t want to stop playing this game.The resort´s guests have voted: customers who have stayed at VILA VITA Parc Resort & Spa have highlighted the property as one that consistently delivers outstanding service and offers a memorable guest experience . On this occasion, the recognition comes from the feedback from the resort´s guest on the leading online accommodation supplier, Hotels.com.
The site distinguishes the high levels of service at the resort and the elevated quality standards the resort maintains throughout.
Hotels.com offers accommodation solutions and the possibility of staying in hotels all around the world. The customers that stayed at VILA VITA Parc gave their positive feedback - on a scale of 0 to 5, 851 visitors evaluated their experience at the property as “Outstanding” and the result could not have been better: 4.9.
This represents yet another certificate that guarantees excellent service, voted by those who are most eligible to do so: guests that experience this quality, relaxation and sophistication, and always take home unforgettable moments experienced in a unique place.
For more information visitWhat people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Other editions - View all
Common terms and phrases
Actors Apprentice Apprentice's Arnobius Article Atheist Author bad Company Bartholomew Fair Behaviour Benefit better Business Cafe Cautions Character Christian Christian Religion Company consider'd Deism Deists Depravity doubt Duty Expence Faith fame Family Faults Favour fore Friend Friendship ibid Gentlemen give haunting of Taverns honest Honour hope Hours House idle Increase of Play-houses inculcating Infidelity instruct intirely intitled Julian the Apostate Justin Martyr kind Learning Legislature lewd Women Liberty Macrobius Mankind Manner Master and Servant Mind Miracles modern Morality ness Number obliged observ'd observed Occasion Pantomime Patentees perhaps pernicious Consequence Persons phaneness Players Plays are calculated Poetical Justice Pontius Pilate Porphyry present pretend Proof proper Regulations Proprietor Publick Reason Road to Perdition Rules Saviour Scepticks shew sordid Sort Stage ster's Suetonius Tacitus Theatre thing thro tion Trade Tradesman Vices World worse worst YOUNG MAN's Pocket YouthIt liked that. These apps provide various RunAs-like options. Sorry, there was a problem flagging this post. MICROSOFT sucks! his comment is here
Mark Ainsworth says: 5 years ago I kept getting this message attempting to rename a folder. However, since I cannot add any more .exe file changes to the computer without an admin password, the only programs that can be updated are those that do so automatically, on Microsoft Customer Support Microsoft Community Forums United States (English) Sign in Home Library Wiki Learn Gallery Downloads Support Forums Blogs We’re sorry. Malware overwriting keys under HKCU will not affect operating system components or other users of the computer.
Important Links Terms of use Privacy Policy Donation Terms Print Spooler Repair Tool Feedback Email Support Form FeedBack Old3 Contact us Log in Disclaimer techsupportall.com is an independent website. thank you for reading. Techexpert: Please explain about your problem so that we can help you. Thanks Reply Bill April 11, 2016 at 5:43 am Thank you very much for your response.
Granting full control to Everyone on a big chunk of the file system or registry should never be necessary. I hope Windows 7 is not like this at all. so now tell me what will be do now……plz help me…… Reply Techexpert July 14, 2016 at 6:32 pm It means you are not an administrative privilege user account. Destination Folder Access Denied Restart the computer.
Thanks for your appreciation.... System Error 5 Has Occurred Access Is Denied A few minutes later I wanted to delete them. And then try to delete again, it should work. Faris says: 6 years ago Thanks Very Much.
Benefits: The really compelling reason for using the LUA Mode shims found in the Application Compatibility Toolkit is that it’s easy. Why Am I Not The Administrator On My Computer Windows 10 You’ll be auto redirected in 1 second. Here are the steps 1. I can neither enter with Admin previlage because it requires password nor reset in guest account.
ACL changes should only be considered on application-specific resources, not on OS-wide resources. Other tools are available that perform RunAs-like operations with the admin account credentials encrypted—or sometimes just obfuscated. Command Prompt Access Denied Windows 10 If the problem is resolved by running the program with administrator privileges, and/or you want to prevent future permissions problems from occurring, you can edit your icons or shortcuts so that Windows Net User Administrator /active:yes You get the idea.
Benefits: This technique fixes issues where applications perform operations in HKCR that should have been done only during installation. drew says: 8 years ago You're wrong about UAC. LUA can also introduce some unexpected challenges. It’s very difficult to defend a system against a malicious user or a malicious app when there’s an application running as admin. Disable Administrator Account Windows 10
As of my assumption, might be a virus / malware have done these changes with your account. Not a LUA bug. Administrator permission required If you're prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.Click the account you want to change, and then click Change the account type.Select weblink If a mapping for an .ini file is not found under that key, then the operation is performed in the file system as before.
Does it give you the same error message? You'll Need To Provide Administrator Permission To Delete This Folder But whatever the letters stand for, the concept is the same. This is to prevent malware from infecting or replacing application files.
Click on Start 2. Also, it may allow full or restricted privileges to one, some or all the user accounts to access the contents.By following these simple steps you can take or transfer ownership of Reply Techexpert June 3, 2016 at 4:23 am Hi, GenieMac, Thank you for highlighting this matter to us. Failed To Enumerate Objects In The Container See ASP.NET Ajax CDN Terms of Use –. ]]> <![CDATA[ WebTrends view model not available or IncludeLegacyWebTrendsScriptInGlobal feature flag is off]]> ERROR The requested URL could not be retrieved The
LUA Buglight creates an access token representing the current user but as a member of the administrators group (referred to as the this-user-as-admin token) with full admin privileges. Reply Techexpert April 28, 2014 at 7:41 pm This command is for active the administrator account: "net user administrator /active:yes" This command is for de-active the administrator account: "net user administrator Techexpert April 16, 2016 at 1:36 pm I have understood your issue exactly, however, as of now we have no solution of this situation because my logic is stuck at point check over here This fixed it!!!!!
Reproduction of any content in part or full is not allowed without written permission. Plus you can set it to delete on reboot. johnonly says: 7 years ago so many people used to running in root, no way these guys could handle Linux. Please Enable JavaScript in your Browser to visit this site CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs
Tweet Like Google+ Comments [44] Ron says: 8 years ago Hi thanks for your explanation. Reply Techexpert October 5, 2015 at 11:55 am To activate Administrator account you must have to login into your account which have full administrative privilege, without this you can't active that Using portable music devices, burning CDs or installing software are some examples of actions that will be hindered by running the program without elevated privileges. This may be due to developer laziness, incompetence, or arrogance (or all three), but these apps will be resistant to any other workarounds available to you.
Strange thing is that even if you are an Administrator, there are certain tasks or actions that Windows locks down. This approach requires serious consideration and you should note some caveats. Drawbacks: IniFileMapping entries specify the file name only and will affect all Profile API access to any file with that name, in any path. Also let me know which antivirus are you using on this computer.
ccrim1197Sep 13, 2014, 5:24 AM I received a roughly-2009-bought, Windows Vista laptop pre-owned from a close friend roughly over seven or so months ago. The technician then forgets to remove the user from the Admins group, inevitably leading to another helpdesk call within a few weeks, when the user asks "Why is my computer running So I tried to give it a password but NO such luck. Here’s a simple example.
da matser says: 7 years ago Thank you so much!Photos: Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Service Project
MLK Service Day Group
By
Members of the Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine's Humanism in Medicine club spent the Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday staining fences, gates, and compost bins at the Food for Thought Edible School Project in Roanoke.
Staining crossbeams
Katherine Sourbeer, '18 stains crossbeams of the garden's pergola.
Working on the fencing
Nathaniel Thompson, '16 works on the 7-foot-high fencing.
Mulching
With time left in the day, students tackle some mulching. Pictured left to right are members of the Class of 2017 Catherine Sims, Sarah Abdulla, Hoa Nguyen, and Jonny Coleman.
Click each photo thumbnail to view a larger version.
Students, faculty, and staff at the Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine, spent Martin Luther King, Jr. Day staining wood at Roanoke's Food for Thought Project, which supports the city schools' focus on STEM-H (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math, and Health Sciences) education. The project connects participating schools with local farmers to help students, staff, and community volunteers better understand the local food supply chain and its importance to environmental and economic sustainability. Now that's food for thought!Academic Senate Awardees
CC-AMC Pilot Awards in HIV-Associated Malignancies
Joel Palefsky, MD
High-throughput screening for novel human papillomavirus inhibitors
SOM: Medicine
New Direction Awards
Rahul Deo, MD, PhD
Variable expressivity in the inherited and acquired cardiomyopathies: Defining a role for cardiac autoimmunity
SOM: Medicine
Pilot for Established Investigators
Michael Steinman, MD
A nurse-led intervention to improve medication management in older adults
SOM: Medicine
Xialliang Zhang, PhD
Flexible and subject-conforming multichannel RF arrays for fast fetal MR imaging at 3T
SOM: Radiology
Pilot for Junior Investigators
John Chorba, MD
Discovery of small molecule inhibitors of PCSK9
SOM: Medicine (Division of Cardiology, SFGH)
Thomas Hope, MD
NaF and Diffusion PET/MRI for the characterization of osseous metastatic disease in prostate cancer patients being treated with Ra-223
SOM: Radiology
Shared Instrument Awards
Jody Baron, MD, PhD
Acquisition of a new quantitative Real Time PCR machine
SOM: Medicine
Stefan Habelitz, PHD
Acquisition of atomic force microscope Bruker AFM MM8
SOD: Preventive & Restorative Dental Science
Kurt Thorn, PhD
A light sheet “Ultramicroscope” for the Nikon Imaging Center
SOM: Biochemistry & Biophysics
Team Science Grant
Michael Ward, MD, PhD
Reducing retinal lipofuscinosis and inflammation via progranulin-derived biologics
SOM: Neurology
Under-represented Faculty in Clinical and Translational Research Awards
Jennifer Lucero, MD
Pilot Study: RCT intravenous nitroglycerin for the prevention of uterine hysterotomy during cesarean delivery in the second stage of labor
SOM: Anesthesia & Perioperative Care
Gideon St. Helen, PhD
Sex and race differences in volatile organic compound (VOC) exposure among adult U.S. smokers
SOM: Medicine
Cancer Center-Cancer Center Support Grant (CC-CCSG)
Pilot for Established Investigators
Holger Willenbring, MD, PhD
Development of a mouse model of human hepatocarcinogenesis
SOM: Surgery
Pilot for Junior Investigators
Anders Persson, PhD
Subpial zone astrocytes as the origin for cortical astrocytomas
SOM: Neurology
Cancer Center Mt. Zion Health Fund (MZHF)
Independence Support Award
Eleni Linos, MD, MPH, DrPH
Involving older adults in decision making for skin cancer
SOM: Dermatology
Pilot for Established Investigators
Mary-Margaret Chren, MD
Quality of ambulatory healthcare for cancer at a fee-for-service practice and a Veterans Affairs Clinic: The Example of Skin Cancer
SOM: Dermatology
Pilot for Junior Investigators
Hani Sbitany, MD
Breast Capsular Contracture Following Postmastectomy Reconstruction in Women Treated with the Leukotriene Inhibitor Zafirlukast
SOM: Laboratory Medicine
Cancer Malignancies
CC-AMC Pilot Awards in HIV-Associated (CC-CCSG)
Joel Palefsky, MD
High-throughput screening for novel human papillomavirus inhibitors
SOM: Medicine
Center for Tobacco Control Research & Education
Informing Tobacco Product Regulation
Jing Cheng, MD, PhD
Improved methods to understand the impact of tobacco use on the distribution of healthcare expenditures
SOD: Preventive & Restorative Dental Science
Mark Rubinstein, MD
Adolescent ENDS use, nicotine metabolism and toxicant exposure
SOM: Pediatrics
Clinical & Translational Science Institute-Strategic Opportunities Support Center (CTSI-SOS)
Digital Health Research
Courtney Lyles, PhD
Design and Validation of Tablet-Based Data Collection for Vulnerable Patients
SOM: Medicine
Ashley Mason, PhD
Reducing problematic food craving experiences: A pilot feasibility test of Eat Right Now, a smartphone-based intervention to reduce food craving indulgence among overweight people who report problematic food cravings
SOM: Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
New Child Leave Award
Chelsea Bahney, PhD
Bioactive cartilage matrix based scaffold engineered to promote vascularized bone regeneration
SOM: Orthopedic Surgery
Erica Lawson, MD
Toward the improvement of mental health care in childhood-onset Lupus: long-term depression risk and outcomes
SOM: Pediatrics
Pilot for Junior Investigators
Catherine Bliss, PhD
Translational implications of social genomics
SON: Social & Behavioral Sciences
Maureen Kohi, MD
A pilot trial of arterial embolization following cesarean hysterectomy for women with placenta accrete
SOM: Radiology
Yan Li, PhD
In vivo voxel-based MR Metabolomics of the brain
SOM: Radiology
Mercedes Paredes, MD, PhD
Late-migrating interneurons in the postnatal brain
SOM: Neurology
Jimmie Ye, PhD
Transcriptomic profiling of bulk and single cells in autoimmunity
SOM: Epidemiology & Biostatistics
Team Science Grant
Dejana Braithwaite, MCR, MPH, MS, PhD
Low dose computed tomography lung cancer screening in the San Francisco Bay Area: development of a population-based registry
SOM: Epidemiology & Biostatistics
David Wilson, MD, PhD
Metabolic imaging of bacterial infection using positron emission tomography
SOM: Radiology
Under-represented Faculty in Clinical and Translational Research Awards
Cristina Lanata, MD
DNA methylation differences between Hispanics and Caucasian patients with SLE
SOM: Medicine
National Center of Excellence in Women’s Health (NCOEWH)
Mentored Scientist Award Program in HIV/AIDS
Kartika Palar, PhD
Investigating the impact of food insecurity on HIV and Diabetes co-management
SOM: Medicine
Multi-Disciplinary Planning Grant
Pamela Munster, MD
Planning a P01 application to fund a Comprehensive Center for BRCA Research and Clinical Care
SOM: Medicine
New Child Leave Award
Christine Dehlendorf, MD, MCR, MPH, MS
Improving Contraceptive Decision Making: Research to Increase Understanding of the Role of Contraceptive Counseling and of Social Networks in Women’s Family Planning Choices
SOM: Family & Community Medicine
Pilot for Junior Investigators
Alison El Ayadi, ScD
Evaluating Shock Index Trajectories for Improving Management of Obstetric Hemorrhage
SOM: Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences
Lauren Ralph, PhD
Assessing the impact of a parental notification law on minors' experience with abortion in Illinois
SOM: Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences
Hani Sbitany, MD
Breast capsular contracture following postmastectomy reconstruction in women treated with the Leukotriene Inhibitor Zafirlukast
SOM: Surgery
Team Science Grant
Carol Dawson Rose, RN, PhD
The Impact of trauma on primary care for women living with HIV
SON: Community Health Systems
Yvonne Wu, MD, MCR, MPH, MS
Maternal Antecedents of Encephalopathy in Singleton Term Infants (MAESTRA)
SOM: Neurology
Oscher Center
Pilot in Integrative Medicine
Helen Weng, PhD
Identifying neural patterns of body awareness with the Brain Body Awareness Metric: A novel brain-based method of measuring mindfulness of body sensations
SOM: Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
Research Evaluation & Allocation Committee (REAC)
Independence Support Award
Jennifer Kerns, MD
Pilot testing of the OPT (Options for Pregnancy Termination) Decision Aid
SOM: Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Sciences
Pilot for Established Investigators
Linda Chao, PhD
Using multimodal imaging to examine the neural mechanisms of an integrative exercise program for individuals with dementia
SOM: Radiology
Benjamin Franc, MD
PET Radiopharmaceuticals for Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNF-a) Imaging of Rheumatoid Arthritis
SOM: Radiology
Pilot for Junior Investigators
Benjamin Bryer, MD
Effect of vibration and oscillation experienced while cycling on the male perineum: implications for erectile dysfunction and perineal numbness
SOM: Urology
Aaron Fields, PhD
Cartilage endplate composition and disc degeneration: investigating nutrient diffusion and disc cell viability
SOM: Orthopaedic Surgery
Aoife O’Donovan, PhD
A pilot randomized controlled trial to examine the efficacy of attention bias modification training as an adjunct treatment for symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder
SOM: Psychiatry
Insoo Suh, MD
18F-choline PET-MRI for parathyroid localization in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism
SOM: Surgery
Nam Tran, MD, PhD
The regulatory role of human testicular niche on spermatogonial stem cell fate
SOM: Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Science
Arun Wiita, MD, PhD
Single-cell transcriptomics to identify expression-level intratumor heterogeneity and extend prognostic biomarkers in multiple myeloma
SOM: Laboratory Medicine
Shared Instrument Awards
Allan Balmain, PhD
Bringing state-of-the-art digital PCR to the HDFC-Cancer Center Genome Core for increased precision and accuracy for low frequency variant detection
Other: Medicine
Anil Bhushan, MD
High throughput targeted resequencing
SOM: Medicine
Teri Liegler, PhD
Funding for a coulter AcT diff hematology analyzer
SOM: Medicine
Henry VanBrocklin, PhD
Gamma counter for molecular imaging basic and translational research
SOM: Radiology
William Weiss, MD, PhD
Use of advanced stereotactic setup for brain cancer initiation studies
SOM: Neurology
Team Science Grant
Eric Collisson, MD
Low dose computed tomography lung cancer screening in the San Francisco Bay Area: development of a population-based registry
SOM: Medicine
UCSF Center for AIDS Prevention Studies (CAPS)
CAPS-HIV Innovative Grants
Jae Sevelius, PhD
“We Are All Women”: Exploring the inclusion of transgender women living with HIV in care and support services for non-transgender women
SOM: Medicine
Mentored Scientist Award Program in HIV/AIDS
Kartika Palar, PhD
Investigating the Impact of Food Insecurity on HIV and Diabetes Co-management
SOM: Medicine
UCSF – Gladstone Institute of Virology & Immunology Center for AIDS Research (CFAR)
Basic Science Award Program in HIV/AIDS
Anand Pai, PhD
Quantifying the role of stochastic gene expression in HIV-1 latency establishment and reactivation
SOM: Biochemistry & Biophysics
Jason Wojcechowskyj, PhD
Genetic interaction analysis of HIV-1 Rev host regulatory networks
Affiliates: (The J. David Gladstone Institutes)
International Mentored Scientist Award Program in HIV-AIDS
Thomas Odeny, MBChB, MPH
ComHealth: Cost-effective mHealth strategy to improve long-term retention in HIV care for mother-baby pairs
Kenya Medical Research Institute; Research Care and Training Program
Mentored Scientist Award Program in HIV/AIDS
Joanna Hellmuth, MD
Influence of antiretroviral treatment in acute HIV on viral reservoir rormation in the CNS
SOM: Neurology
Grace Turyasingura, BSc
Global gene array, secretome analyses, and HIV infection analyses of foreskin epithelial cells upon exposure to cervicovaginal fluid from healthy vs. women with bacterial vaginosis!
Infectious Diseases Institute, Kampala, Uganda
Pilot Award Program in HIV/AIDS
Mohamed Abdel-Mohsen, PhD
Reactivation of latent HIV using recombinant Galectin-9 affiliates
SOM: Medicine
Sulggi Lee, MD, PhD
Immunologic and virologic response to a single dose of kansui herbal supplement in HIV-infected individuals maintaining antiretroviral therapy (ART)-mediated viral suppression
SOM: Medicine
Mike Reid, MD
Evaluating the effect of metformin on immune recovery in HIV patients with diabetes
SOM: Medicine
Pilot for Established Investigators
Judith Hahn, PhD
Proof of concept of a self-administered digital health screener (SASH) to increase reporting of unhealthy alcohol use by persons with HIV in care in Uganda
SOM: Medicinedirected to an assistance scheme so that every Nationwide apprentice could benefit.
Every Nationwide member has now been sent the 2018 Apprentice Assistance Scheme application form.
Nationwide also assist apprentices via its Apprentice of the Year Award. Apprentices are judged based on a skill based task, with the winner receiving a perpetual trophy and a prize valued at $1,000.00.
In addition, Nationwide awards a $1,000 travel prize to the winner of its “Rising Star” award. Any staff member 25 years or under, is eligible for nomination.
So far, under the various support schemes, Nationwide has contributed in excess of $140,000 to young people in our industry.
“For our industry to grow and prosper we are going to need more highly trained professionals.” said Nationwide Managing Director, Colin Pocklington. “As a major player in the jewellery industry, we recognise our obligation to support and encourage young people in enhancing their skills and experience.”
Image attached – Nationwide 2017 Apprentice of the Year, Ryan Kitchen(Diamond Boutique, Canberra) receiving the Nathan Cameron
Perpetual Trophy from Judy Cameron.
For further information contact
Colin Pocklington
02 9418 0000
colin@jgbs.comContents
Egg Curry Recipe| How to make Egg Curry Recipe video:
How to make Egg Curry Recipe: Eggs are rich in proteins. Good as energy source, for bones and muscles. We can prepare it easily with in 20 minutes.
Ingredients for making Egg Curry Recipe-
Eggs : 4-5 boiled
Tomatoes : 5-6
Onions : 1 ½ cup chopped
Turmeric powder : a pinch
Red chilli powder : 2 tbsp
Salt : as required
Garam masala : 1tbsp
Ginger garlic paste : 1tbsp
Cumin seeds : 1tbsp
Water : as required
Coriander leaves : 1 bunch chopped
Cinnamon stick : 1
Cloves : 2
Oil : 3tbsp
Bay leaf : 1 small
Step by step procedure on how to make Egg Curry Recipe:
Take onion and tomatoes wash it and rinse it. Chop them and add to mixer and pour some water, grind it. Make puree of tomato and onion separately Keep it aside. Boil eggs and take out shells. In a bowl, pour oil and heat it for 1 minute. After oil gets hot add 1 small piece of bay leaf, 1 small piece of cinnamon stick, cardamom and cloves. Saute it for 1 minute. Add ginger garlic paste to it, it sizzles and stir it well.
Now pour grinded onion paste and cook it untill raw aroma goes out from paste. After few minutes add tomato puree and mix it well, leave it for few minutes. If you feel puree has taken out raw smell and formed thickness you can continue with next process. If required add water in middle. Add red chilli powder, salt for taste, a pinch of turmeric powder and garam masala. Mix all dry powders well and observe if raw smell has gone or not. If required add water and cover with plate. It will form thick gravy. Taste the mixture, if required any additional add it.
Now take boiled eggs and keep wholes in middle of eggs with fork spoon. Eggs will observe the gravy by this method. Add eggs to gravy and stir it once and off the stove after few mintes if eggs observe gravy. Egg curry is ready for serving.
Ready!!Serve hot and spicy Egg Curry Recipe:
Serving: Garnish it with by sprinkling coriander leaves on it and serve egg curry with rice or roti.
Tit Bits from Egg Curry Recipe:
Name of the food item: Egg Curry
Veg/Non-veg: Veg
Time taken for the preparation: 20 minutes
Style: Indian
Category: SpicyTransfer scanned images into text
Budget $30-250 USD
Hi,
Need new data entry contractor with low budget.
Transfer scanned images into text, spreadsheet, web form fields, etc.
Files will be placed into Database where you will transcribe necessary text and numbers.
Several hours of work per week for several weeks and after that, minimal ongoing similar work ongoing.
22 freelancers are bidding on average $55 for this job
Hi, I look forward to work for you! Please note that my bid is for 15 hours during a period of 7 days. Best regards, Simona
I can type pretty fast and with almost no errors. I need money for a bill and to fix my broken phone. I am going into the military and need something to do within the month until I get shipped out.
I have read & understood your project. Get Started Now
I'm a Software Engineer, I have enough skills to do this.
I am new to this platform waiting for these kind of opportunities.
Greetings, I am ready for this work Lets start and get it done perfect. ThanksAll the Best News and Articles
About
Article Writing
»
Relationships
Tips to Make Your Husband Fall Back in Love with You
Published: 18th November 2009
Views: N/A
Tweet
Husband Falling Out of Love- Top 3 Things Wives Can Do To Bring the Love Back
Marriage Advice - Learn How You Can Win Your Husband Back With Those Useful Tips
My Husband Filed For Divorce - How Can I Get Him Back?
If Your Husband No Longer Loves You - Important Things to Do
Relationships
doubts
job
doing the right thing
relationship
passion
atmosphere
smile
when was the last time
marriage
heart to heart
falling out of love
marriageBlack Coffee
Director: Mark Harris
Actors: Ashanna Bri, Christina De Leon, Gabrielle Dennis
Genres: Comedy, Romance...
YOU ARE WATCHING: Black Coffee
Server Mega
Server VidTo Link 1
Server VidTo Link 2 VideoWeed Link 1
Server VideoWeed Link 2
Server MovShare Link 1
Server MovShare Link 2
Server MovShare Link 3
Server MovShare Link 4
Server VidSpot Link 1
Server VidSpot Link 2
Server FlashX
Server VShare Link 1
Server VShare Link 2
Server VShare Link 3Sedimentary framework of the southern Maine inner continental shelf: Influence of glaciation and sea-level change
Marine Geology
- By:
- J.T. Kelley , D.F. Belknap , and R.C. Shipp
Links
- The Publications Warehouse does not have links to digital versions of this publication at this time
- Download citation as: RIS | Dublin Core
AbstractAlthough range. These are areas of high carbonate productivity and provide shell fragments to adjacent areas. The outer basins are muddy regions that begin at the 65 m shoreline and extend beyond the 100 m isobath to the deep Gulf of Maine. Finally, shelf valleys are former stream courses that connect nearshore ramps and basins to the outer basins. These bedrock-framed valleys are filled with sand and mud and are apparently still active conduits for the offshore movement of sediment. The mineralogy of the shelf sediment is complex, and it is not yet clear whether glacial homogenization has obliterated distinctions between river drainage basins and the adjacent shelf. Studies are continuing into northern Maine and analysis of the heavy mineralogy of the shelf sediment utilizing a 2 m Humphrey Spiral to process large grab samples and cores has begun. ?? 1989.
Additional publication details
- Publication type:
- Article
- Publication Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Title:
- Sedimentary framework of the southern Maine inner continental shelf: Influence of glaciation and sea-level change
- Series title:
- Marine Geology
- Volume:
- 90
- Issue:
- 1-2
- Year Published:
- 1989
- Language:
- Larger Work Type:
- Article
- Larger Work Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Larger Work Title:
- Marine Geology
- First page:
- 139
- Last page:
- 147Article Text
Abstract
Background Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common rheumatic disease and the major cause of pain and disability along the aging population globally (1, 2, 3). Recently, a panel of experts of the EULAR outlined the priority research needs for the near future, including the search for predictors of OA progression [4, 5].
Objectives The identification in serum of a panel of early indicators or biomarkers to predict the pathology in pre-radiological stages but also for its handling and the developing of trials of treatment in radiological stages.
Methods 15 individual samples for each condition (OA Grade 0, pre-radiological stage Grade I, and radiological stage grades II-III and IV) were pooled in three groups with the aim of reducing the individual extreme values. After enrichment in the low-abundant protein fraction, the pooled samples were subjected to iTRAQ labelling and relative quantitative analysis was done using a 4800 MALDI-TOF/TOF platform (ABSciex).
Results We have detected two big sets of serum proteins modulated in the early pre-radiological OA process. Levels of apolipoproteins (apoE: ratio GI/G0=2.25; apoB-100: ratio GI/G0=2.01; apoA-IV: ratio GI/G0=1.99) are altered when comparing Grade I vs. Grade 0. Furthermore, up to six components of the complement, a group of proteins involved in immune response and inflammation are decreased in serum in early OA grades. Among them, complement component 5 -C5-, that have been recently identified as key player of the OA process (6), is much less abundant in any OA grade in comparison to Grade 0 (ratio GI/G0=0.35).
Conclusions Our results indicate that early pathological grades of the OA process are linked to an imbalance in the metabolism and, specifically, in the lipid metabolism. Altered serum levels of apo-lipoproteins and C5 could be used, in combination with other “dry” biomarkers, as an indicator for early OA process and to detect the pathology in pre-radiological stages.
References
Tonge DP, Pearson MJ, Jones SW (2014). Osteoarthritis Cartilage.
Mobasheri A (2013) Curr Rheumatol Rep 15: 385.
Jotanovic Z, Mihelic R, Sestan B, Dembic Z (2014) Curr Drug Targets.
Conaghan PG, Kloppenburg M, Schett G, Bijlsma JW, committee oboaEoah (2014) Ann Rheum Dis.
Lotz M, Martel-Pelletier J, Christiansen C, Brandi ML, Bruyère O, et al. (2013) Ann Rheum Dis 72: 1756-1763.
Wang Q et al. (2011) Nat Med. Nov 6;17(12):1674-9.
Acknowledgements We would like to thank to all the members of the Proteored network for scientific discussion and helpful suggestions and to the patients for the donation of the serum.Policy Principles for Healthcare Reform
The Urgent Care Association of America (UCAOA) believes all Americans should have access to affordable healthcare coverage that provides access to healthcare providers who are best equipped to meet a patient’s healthcare needs in a timely manner. This means providing patients access to urgent care centers for acute, episodic care and, increasingly, primary care needs. Read more
Improving Antibiotic Stewardship in Urgent Care
Urgent care centers treat more than 160 million patients each year, the vast majority of whom present with acute, infectious disease-related symptoms, such as cough, sore throat, and fever. The proportion of patients with such symptoms seen in the urgent care setting is significantly higher than those seen in traditional office based primary care and internal medicine clinics. As such, the UCAOA recognizes the vitally important role our clinicians can play in the responsible use and preservation of antibiotics while focusing on the health of patients. The UCAOA is committed to ensuring urgent care medicine supports the White House National Strategy for Combatting Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria. Read more
Improving Accessibility of Urgent Care
Urgent care medicine has become an important link in the chain of healthcare delivery, providing quick, convenient and quality care for millions of people. Preserving and improving access to urgent care should be an important consideration for policymakers and payers as an increasing number of Americans gain health insurance. Read more
Urgent Care Centers: The Case Against Certificate of Need
Urgent care centers fulfill an important healthcare need in communities across America, including for patients who have a primary care provider. Primary care physicians are not always available, including during the traditional work week, but especially after hours, weekends, and holidays. Urgent care centers can effectively and efficiently serve patients in need of immediate care for conditions that would otherwise be treated by primary care physicians. Lacking the alternative to an urgent care center, patients will seek care for non-emergent conditions in the more costly hospital emergency department. Read more
Health Professional Staffing in Urgent Care Centers
Urgent care centers are an integral part of healthcare delivery in communities across the United States. Urgent care centers provide walk-in, extended-hour access for acute illness and injury care that is either beyond the scope or availability of the typical primary care practice or clinic. Among the most common conditions treated in urgent care centers are fevers, sprains and strains, upper respiratory infections, lacerations, contusions, and back pain. Most centers also treat fractures and provide intravenous fluids, as well as offer onsite X-ray, laboratory and phlebotomy services. Urgent care centers do not care for life (or limb) threatening situations, but will stabilize patients while securing emergency transport. The majority of urgent care centers employ family practice and emergency physicians, as well as licensed healthcare professionals, including registered nurses, radiology technicians, physician assistants, and nurse practitioners. Read more
Helping Health Care Work Best - The Role of Urgent Care in Today's Healthcare System
Urgent care plays an important role in the healthcare industry. Our centers provide convenient, affordable and high-quality care for a variety of common illnesses and injuries – from sprains and broken bones to strep throat and sinus infections. Urgent care centers exist so patients can get help when they need it – without excessive waiting or overpaying. Some recent stories have questioned the role of urgent care centers versus emergency departments, and UCAOA wants to outline our view on the role of urgent care in today’s healthcare system. Read moreAnd, of course, through intense loyalty on the job, to each other and to their principles. And that explains why those who discover the McClure series are likely to become passionate followers, disappointed when they've consumed all eight books. (McClure died in 2006. He'd been a photographer, then a teacher, then a crime reporter.) The books won the Crime Writers Association (CWA) Silver Dagger and Gold Dagger awards. Soho Crime has been quietly bringing them to the US, and THE SUNDAY HANGMAN debuts in paperback in February.
The book opens with the unexpected death of a lifelong criminal named Tollie Erasmus. When Lieutenant Kramer hears that Erasmus committed suicide, he's frankly incredulous. Why would Tollie Erasmus hang himself, when he's got thousands to live on and has eluded South Africa's penal system? Because of the powerful class divisions in South Africa, and the multiple languages that go with them -- Afrikaans and English on one side, Bantu and other "native" languages on the other -- Kramer takes Mickey Zondi with him to investigate the rural death. And with Doc Strydom riding along, it's soon clear that the death is murder, not suicide.
But Doc Strydom pulls more out of police and court records, in a search to justify his outspoken decision on the death, and soon Kramer and Zondi are making multiple trips among Johannesburg, Durban, and the little rural hamlet of Witklip, trying to find points in common between this fresh death and other disturbing notes in the files.
This is a lively and compelling read, as well as a reminder of how desperate the apartheid situation was, so recently. The blatant and crushing racism of that time shows up in even the smallest casual conversations in THE SUNDAY HANGMAN, although McClure weaves it deftly into the narrative within a paternalism that feels a lot like a Kipling story. But the dangers of the racial prejudices show up in crimes and their investigation, and McClure spins a good tale.
Here's the entire series with its original release dates:
The Steam Pig (1971)For a good overview of the past fifty years of mysteries set in Africa (and published in English), try this article from Verna Suit at Mystery Readers International (2010).
The Caterpillar Cop (1972)
The Gooseberry Fool (1974)
Snake (1975)
Rogue Eagle (1976)
The Sunday Hangman (1977)
The Blood of an Englishman (1980)
The Song Dog (1991)
From the review article, I was reminded that Henning Mankell's book The White Lioness (1993) is set in South Africa, as is Suzanne Arruda's Jade del Cameron series. I'm also a fan of a modern-day South Africa series by Jassy Mackenzie: Random Violence (2010), Stolen Lives (2011), and due out in April of this year, The Fallen (watch for more on that title later).
If you've been reading the Botswana series by Alexander McCall Smith, featuring the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency, you'll find the McClure series more gritty and challenging. But underneath the two series is the same love of place, people, and the possibility of justice.Supporting the Constitution just Is Not that Cool
- Carter Braxton of Virginia, who was a wealthy planter and trader. He saw his ships wiped out by the British Navy. He sold his home and properties to pay his debts, and died in poverty.
- Thomas McKeam was under such constant pursuit by the British that he was forced to continually move his family. He served in the Congress without pay, and his family was kept in hiding. His possessions were taken from him and he too died in poverty.
- Francis Lewis had his properties destroyed. The British jailed his wife and she died within a few months.
I could go on, but the theme is similar... sacrifice, poverty and often death for what they believed in. Today, most people in politics have a rather smug view of the Constitution. Years of political correctness have led people to dismiss the law of this land as something of value in years past, but totally "out of date" today. Recently I interviewed a member of the Tea Party and mentioned that the dramatic moves of the government in so many different areas was clearly against the idea of state rights as seen in the Tenth Amendment. Her response was, "well, I don't really like to talk about the Tenth Amendment because that was used as an excuse for institutional racism." Well I hate to tell you, but state rights is the centerpiece of the US Constitution. That document is about the dispersion of power and they saw strong states and local governments as an primary means of achieving that.
To dismiss the Constitution because it has been used to protect racist policies in the past (and has since been corrected) is to advocate a government without law. That is exactly what we have today. A huge population that has come to the belief that the Constitution is irrelevant and instead of a government that is ruled by law, we have a government on autopilot. This is dishonest government.
I challenge people to study the Constitution and value its relevance today. I encourage people to challenge those who question the currency of the Constitution and ask them what they believe should govern our nation today. More than likely, their answer will be far more flimsy than the document that helped to make the US, the most free and prosperous country in the history of the world.: Congress, Kevin Price, Michele Bachman, Price of Business, rule by law, US ConstitutionShe says the series demeans women and contributes to a “silent epidemic” of sex and violence in the media that could harm children.Sigh. GTA doesn't encourage people to murder prostitutes any more than real life does. The actual controversy with GTA is that it affords you realistic choices. Yes, you can murder prostitutes. Or, you can drive around in a Ferrari. Or, you can fly a jetpack around the desert. Or, you can drive a tank around and kill hundreds of people. Ok, well maybe not realistic choices, but more than Contra or Halo.
“They’re playing a game that encourages them to have sex with prostitutes and then murder them. You know, that’s kind of hard to digest,” she said in a speech in 2005.
The fact that Clinton, Lieberman, and others think so little of the populace that they believe we could be somehow ensnared into a life of violence by an electronic toy (which is essentially all GTA, in its exalted glory, really is) shows the elitism and authoritarianism at their core. GTA is nothing like real life, not one person thinks it is. It's a motherfucking badass video game series that should be appreciated for the work of art that it is. GTA IV is seriously making me wish I never forsook my video games systems in the pursuit of other electronic endeavors.
(See also: Study find no link between video games and violence)$730.80 (check price)
A tub for the smallest furry member of the family. Perfect for smaller dogs, the Pet Spa II provides a compact washing station in the convenience of your home. Your pet will love the comfort of a warm bath in this small and safe bathing environment. Acrylic with fiberglass reinforcement for added durability Variable speed thermal air system Non-skid bottom 9-Amp 1-HP blower Automatic purge and dry cycle Soft touch electronic on/off control with 30 minute timer Click here for more information on Electronic Recycling Programs
I was looking for a nice Hydro Systems Pet Spa II 1.75 ft. Center Drain Digital Air Bath Tub in White for gift and this is it! I'm very happy with this purchase and the price can't be beat! If The product quality is compared by the prices Hydro Systems Pet Spa II 1.75 ft. Center Drain Digital Air Bath Tub in White drop in tub bought this Hydro Systems Pet Spa II 1.75 ft. Center Drain Digital Air Bath Tub in White as a christmas gift for my daughter. It is just as described online. drop in tub looks nice although i feel it's over priced. Should come with nicer packaging for the price.
This drop in tub feels good and looks good as well. This is the best drop in tub I now own. Awesome gift! I was able to get this drop in tub on sale around Christmas. Perfect gift for anyone! Customer service great as always! I LOVE THIS drop in tub. I read reviews saying it good and perfect. so I love it. Perfect color, perfect value, etc.Over the Moon
They say that happiness is a choice. I’m not sure I agree with that 100%. I would say that happiness is based on your choices. Never in my life have I been able to consciously choose my emotions, but I have always been able to choose my actions.
Now, I’m not saying that there is such a thing as a “right” or “wrong” choice. What I mean is, are you making the best choice FOR YOU? Or even just choosing not to care what others think? It took me awhile to realize this, and by “awhile” I mean 22 years. I am currently on the second week of my new job, and I realized how much of a difference it makes to be happy in the workplace.
For the past 4-ish months, I was not happy, right up until about 2 1/2 weeks ago. Don’t get me wrong, I was not depressed by any means and I don’t want any reader to think that I’m looking for sympathy. There were things throughout that time period that gave me brief moments of joy, but in general nothing really got me excited. The only thing I could attribute to the change in me was my job. I loved the people I worked with, but the job itself took its toll on my body and soul. I did not make the decision to leave that job lightly. In fact, I had been thinking about it in the back of my mind for a good month before I actually pulled the plug. The biggest reason I left my job, though, is that I finally realized that the career path I was on was not one that I wanted. I was on track to become a business owner by the ripe-old age of 23, and it’s not that it scared me, it’s just that it didn’t sound appealing to me at all.
Now I am working for a custom-home builder in the model home, currently training as a sales associate. This type of sales has a few key differences from my last job, but I won’t get into that right now. What really attracted me to this job, though, is how similar it feels to event planning, which is what I went to school for. I’ve gotten away from event planning for so long, so it made sense to me to slowly move back in that direction. Not to mention how it brings my love of HGTV to my real life, so there’s that.
At this point, I could not honestly say what direction I’m headed in, because I have so many options. If this job is everything it seems to be after only two weeks in, then I might stick around Ohio a tad longer than I originally intended to. Am I beginning to loosen up? Who knows. The important thing is that I have finally learned to focus on doing what makes me happy and making the choices that will bring joy into my life.6/6/2016 - One way to balance madness would be to make a lesser version of the full effect. But we don't care for apparent downside abilities. There's a similar solution, however, that's incredibly thematic. I'd love to see unpredictable madness effects—stuff that might go horribly wrong, or might go horribly right.
Careful Study meets Goblin Lore.
A basically free Pyroclasm will often be amazing, but it's unreliable, and sometimes you'd rather have a Shock.
No madness effect here, but it's a splashy madness-enabler.
This madness-trigger is all downside, but the madness cost is free… Beneficial, even, with delirium or other graveyard-matters mechanics.
A thematic madness cost.
Nice twist on madness (:By Sye Bennefield
As the athletes went down the line, both greeting and congratulating each other, Army Head Coach Rod Williams, simply watched.
Chicago played host to the Department of Defense (DoD) Warrior Games on June 30 – July 8. It was the first time the Warrior Games was hosted outside of a military base or Olympic venue.
Williams was there along with approximately 265 wounded service members and their families. He’s no stranger to competing, he’s been competing against himself from the very beginning.
At just nine months old, Williams contracted polio. From then, to when he was a senior at San Jose State University, his sole means of transportation was crutches and braces.
“My mom, bless her soul…They told her that if I lived I would be [confined] to a wheelchair for the rest of my life,” said Williams. “They wanted her to give me up to the Shriners.”
Williams mother said no.
Instead she focused on making Williams strong. She enrolled him into public school and let him live as normal a life as possible. That meant being an adolescent boy and growing up in the 60’s in California.
It wasn’t until that senior year of college that Williams started using a wheelchair, and through a group of friends, was invited to play wheelchair basketball. But Williams, having never been near other disabled individuals, declined.
Eventually Williams came around and accepted the proposal, his passion growing each and every time he rolled on to that court. “From the first time, I got on to the floor I loved it,” said Williams.
Williams kept on rolling. Eventually finding himself competing at the Paralympic Games in Canada. “In 1976, I was selected for the Paralympic team for track and field, no basketball,” said Williams. “I held three World Records in the 100m, 200m and 400m.”
But Williams quit.
“I was a little bit discouraged by the organization of the whole [Paralympic Games],” recalled Williams. “It seemed like we were just there to please the able-bodied people.”
Twelve years later and Williams stance against the Paralympic Games softened. He was called upon again to compete for his country, only this time it would be the sport that he was introduced to by his old group of friends at San Jose State University.
So, Williams focus again shifted towards basketball. After making it through the first initial try-out that featured over 80 participants, Williams came out ranked number one. From there he proceeded to the official 12-man roster, never looking back.
“I was surprised when I heard my name called, that I made the team,” said Williams. “It’s an experience that’ll never forget.”
And that experience in 1988 not only saw Williams and his teammates win gold, but the U.S. women’s team won as well. A feat that hadn’t been accomplished again until last year’s Paralympic games in Spain.
And that’s what keeps Williams in the game, this time as a coach. He watched his team in Friday night’s gold medal match. As the last shot bounced off the rim and the final buzzer rang throughout the United Center, celebration ensued.
William’s Team Army defeated Team Navy 56-55, in a heated affair.
Not only did these games provide the opportunity to grow and succeed for each and every one of his players, but they also provided something much more simplistic. They give those who served and continue to serve our country, the opportunity to simply compete.
Over that span of 29 years the sport of wheelchair basketball has seen an exponential growth. With the introduction of the National Wheelchair Basketball Association (NWBA) in 1949 and the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation in 1993, the game is constantly reaching new heights, very much like the Warrior Games accomplished here in Chicago.
These games provided the stage for our wounded and ill service members to showcase their dedication, resiliency and talents, leaving them with memories and friendships that could last a lifetime.
But Coach Rod Williams simply wishes for something more straightforward.
“I would like for them to be able to go and call upon this positive experience and adapt that to their own situation,” said Williams. “No matter what life does to you, if you keep fighting you can overcome those obstacles.”It is powerful, impactful and life changing. We are drawn to focus on it once a year, but rarely reap its full potential because we get absorbed in daily routine and don’t sustain it. It doesn’t cost anything to acquire, but is priceless when it is shared.
On a crisp fall day, in 1863, in Northern Pennsylvania, a boy was selling goods door-to-door so he could pay his way through school. After nearly a full day of work he was getting hungry. Reaching into his pocket he found only a single dime. As he approached the next house, he decided he would ask for some food.
When he rang the bell, he lost his nerve when a lovely young woman answered the door. Instead, he politely asked for a drink of water. She invited him to sit down at the kitchen table and retrieved a large glass of milk for him.
As they talked, he drank the milk slowly and eventually asked, “How much do I owe you?” “You don’t owe me anything,” she replied. “Mother has taught us never to accept pay for a kindness.” “Then I thank you from my heart,” the boy replied.
As Howard Kelly left that house, he not only felt stronger physically, but his faith in God and man was strengthened also. A simple act of kindness, repaid with a simple thank you, gave him the strength and courage to press on.
Years later, that young woman became critically ill. The local doctors were baffled and engaged the help of specialists in pursuit of finding a remedy. Dr. Howard Kelly was called in for the consultation. When he heard the name of the town she came from, he immediately went to visit her.
When he entered her room he instantly recognized her as the young woman who had kindly extended him much needed hospitality. From that day forward, he worked tirelessly to solve her case. After a long and difficult struggle, she was restored to full health.
Before she was released to go home, Dr. Kelly requested her final billing be sent to him for approval. He took the billing, added some comments in the margin, and then had the bill delivered to her room.
She looked at the envelope for a moment fearing to open it. Given the duration and extent of her care she was sure it would take the rest of her life to pay for it all. Upon opening it, her attention was immediately drawn to the comments written in the margin.
“PAID IN FULL WITH ONE GLASS OF MILK.”*
A heart filled with gratitude is a life changing force. Melody Beattie captures the essence and power of gratitude writing,
“Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life – it turns what we have into enough, and more. Gratitude turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. Gratitude can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend. Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today and creates a vision for tomorrow.”
Thanksgiving is a day to take time for reflection—to consider and acknowledge all the blessings we have in our lives.
By turning a day of thanks into a way of life, gratitude will keep your eyes open to the abundance of blessings in your life. By regularly expressing, demonstrating, and sharing gratitude you will grow more optimistic, improve your outlook on life, reach more goals, sleep better, exercise more, and positively impact the people in your life.
Give thanks in all circumstances and surround yourself with grateful people and you will be infused with energy and enthusiasm that fills you with sustaining joy.
*Dr. Howard Kelly was a distinguished physician who, in 1895, founded the Johns Hopkins Division of Gynecologic Oncology at Johns Hopkins University.
Please note: I reserve the right to delete comments that are offensive or off-topic.Good morning to you all in the land of blog
Today is my day to show you some more of the gorgeous range from
This one is called
I made a birthday card, I have so many friends and family with birthdays this month it is quite mad, and I am sure you will have noticed, I am having a thing for aqua and pink at the moment, probably because I am loving colouring in with my BG copics :)
Recipe
Image - Wild Rose Studio - Annabelle with Barrow
The base layer and contrast is a lovely pink paper and I have used some aqua papers in two shades on top of this following a sketch, will see if I can find which one shortly. I added punched butterflies in different sizes and added liquid applique for the bodies. The nestie banner/ribbon die cut holds the Woodware sentiment and everything is finished off with those wonderful pearls from the Hobby House
Here is
Artistic Inspirations - Card for a Lady
Crafty Bloggers Network - Anything Goes
Kaboodle Doodle - Spring
The Paper Nest Dolls - Happy Birthday
Through the Craftroom Door - Anything Goes
Inky Chicks - Spring
Hugs and Enjoy Your Day
xxxArticle Text
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Patients with r.Q..
This sounds like the WEP (Windfall Elimination Provision) kicking in, nothing to do with TSP. If the employee was CSRS or CSRS-Offset, and has earned enough SS quarters to qualify for SS, their Social Security is reduced by the WEP if they haven’t paid 30 years into SS.
The answers provided by Mike Miles are predictable and in my opinion a cop out. I realise he can not provide in depth planning, but give me a break. Most of the time its “Blah Blah situations are different blah blah blah you need to ask someone who can tell you blah” How about finding out the situation and researching the rules, and writing a interesting educated response, where the asker as well as the readers benefit. I’d rather read FedSmith anyways, but now its to the point where I don’t even want to click on federal times financial advice, thanks Mike.A house that lacked, a mistress and master, its doors and windows once probably shut by the household staff, but today, nothing ever but wind closes it. the floor is littered with rat-poop, glass from broken bottle of vagrant drunks who squatted there. it still tries to maintain its dignity with the roses blooming on the old fashioned rose bushes that have gone wild. Goa is filled with dying houses like this.
Each time as we drive there these houses and I wonder who the owner is, each time I voice it, Mr.D pretends not to hear, but this time round I must have really got on his nerves, he said, ask the rose bush.
When we reached the house of old Victor Tavora, his son was lying listless on the bed. The maid Kounsa lead us into the lounge of the old Portuguese house. The Tavora house was few of the surviving portugese house interestingly it was Navelim, where there were fewer Portuguese family. The Tavora’s still spoke Portuguese, their children schooled partly in Margao, then Dharwad and finally Lisbon.
“He has been like this for the past two years doctor, can you really help?”
“I do not know Mr. Gomes ” I had to answer honestly, ”These work only when the person is ready to let go.”
“Is there no other way?”
“well we could surrogate, but lets see what Valerio has to say, he might also be wanting to come out of this.”
Since I worked with the case of the Masceranhas, lot of old Portuguese families came, with the secrets that they buried in their closets, the stories that were not told, the memories that stayed behind as ghosts slowly asking to be acknowledged. most of these memories were those of sadness, and loneliness. Some wistful yearning for a land that they could never see again. The Portuguese in Goa suddenly had become homeless.
Valerio had been to the warehouse in the town
Fortunately for me Valerio wanted out too. he seemed quite clear that he was holding on because the energy demanded the right release.
“Valero take a deep breathe, and as I count you from five to zero, just keep focusing on your breathe.”
“Five-four-three-two-one, Valero, can you tell me what is it that you see?”
“a huge collage of colours”
“The colour that you wan to reach out is”
“Red”
“Focus on the colour red, what comes to your mind?”
A coat,
Yes, a coat that is red and black pants…
Where are you Valerio?
“I am running, ”
“From?”
“Not from…running to”
‘Okay’
“a warehouse, ” and where is the ware house,
“It was, now it is abandoned. ”
Okay, where is this?
Gurupura, ….
Where is Gurpura?
“I do not know the only thing that is coming to me, is Gurupura and this ware house is on the river bank. I had to run to tell the Ballal’s men to hide before Tippu Sultan’s men came”
“Tippu Sultan”
“Yes, the butcher from Mysore, “ okay tell me what you see next?
“Bittideva Ballala, is waiting at the warehouse, “
Slowly and clearly Valerio narrated the story of Mallanna Ballala, the brother to Bittideva Ballala of Gurupura, the settlement in on the banks of river Gurupura where it meets the Arabian sea. The Tuluvas, Konkana’s, Catholics, Muslims and Hindu’s living quite peacefully, the settlement rather abundant since the people were enterprising, it was a port town and merchants came.
With the merchants came the priests, with their Bible and their school of thought and education which gently merged with the existing culture. The settlement had its trade ties with Mysore and Kodagu. Everything was fine until Haider Ali dethroned the Wodeyars, Haider was fine too, until the ambitious Tippu came along.
Tippu knew the only hurdle to his ambition was the British who backed the Wodeyars. Tippu also need man power and finance for his army. Though Bhatkal was richer, it was predominantly Muslim, he could only tax them but raiding them would antagonize the clergy and the powerful muslim chiefs in his army. So he took the next wealthy port, Mangaluru, or rather Ullala.
Tippu had targeted the Christian community of Mangaluru, calling them English Nazarene, this gave him the backing of the French. Just like he had destroyed the Kodavas, he destroyed the Tuluvas. No historian has bothered to tell their tale or account their horror, simply because it did not fit into the later day rulers agenda.
The warehouse which was visible from the Gurupura towers dungeon, bore witness to the men who died. For a butcher it was a war for survival, it was a war of independence but the invader was different.
With this story being told Mallana passed to the light, and a week later Victor Gomes called to say that there was great improvement in Valerio. The life and memory of Mallana triggered by the abandoned warehouse.
Strange isn’t it the living are haunted by the dead, and the dead are haunted by their own mistakes. If only we could forgive what has been done to us, we can forgive what we’ve done to others, if we could leave our stories behind our being villains or victims, until then we still sit here waiting to be saved.
This post is a part of Write Over the Weekend, an initiative for Indian Bloggers by BlogAdda. Dated april 16th 2016 the Prompt was “an abandoned warehouse.”
Beautifully narrated. such depth of understanding! Yes, make peace with the past.
Thanks Sana.
Is your blog based on facts or an imagination??
Tippu sultan’s massacre of the Kodavas, and the Tuluvas are facts. These documented in various narratives, and personal diaries. One such book is found in the Barkur Parish, The books Victoria Gowramma, Slaves Of Sultan, and many other books document these. with the references.
I am a hypnotherapist and I do past life regressions on a regular basis. Having said this, Valerio is a figment of my imagination. If you do have more queries can I request you send me a mail? or DM? please.
Out curiosity Nikhat, why am I not able to access your site?Note: For questions about the job posting, please contact the agency that posted this position by using the contact information provided on the "Contact" tab for the position.
Review Vacancy
AgencyChildren & Family Services, Office of
TitleOffice Assistant 2(Calculations) Capital View Office Park-Bureau of Financial Operations
52 Washington Street.
Name New York State Office of Children and Family Services
Address
Street Bureau of Personnel, EOA #17-637 MMP.Mark: Are you going to love the baby more than me?
Liza: No. I won't. I will love God, and then you, and then the baby.
M: But he is going to be REALLY cute. Are you sure?
L: Yeah, I'm sure. I'll love you more.
M: How come?
L: Well, the baby is going to poop his pants. YOU don't poop your pants.
M: (smiling proudly) Nope!
......seconds of silence..........
Mark again: Wait a second. What happens when the baby is potty trained and doesn't poop his pants any more? THEN are you going to love him more? .....great.
......a few more beats of silence......
M: We are never potty training our kid.SPIRIT CONSTRUCTION
State of the art multiple boiler machine. Developed with the demands of very high output
espresso bars in mind: equipped with well-considered ergonomics: an efficient high precision tool
with enormous capacity.
Construction
Separate boilers
The Spirit is equipped with multiple boilers: one large steam boiler to produce hot water and steam, one boiler per group to heat water to brew coffee. Each boiler has its own electronic temperature controller system, heating element and safety devices, offering extremely precise temperature stability. Huge capacity is secured by the large steam boiler, over-rated heating elements in all boilers, double pumps and heat-exchangers inside the steam boiler, pre-heating the brew water for the large, dedicated coffee boilers.
Steam boiler
The rear steam boiler has a total capacity of 10,5ltr (Duette) / 19.5ltr. Triplette. An electronic temperature controller gets its information through a precise and fast reacting probe, located in the steam and activates the heating element via 3 solid state relays..
Coffee water boiler with group temperature-neutral material. As this block remains cool, the fats and oils in the coffee do not bake on, effectively keeping it clean for a long time. This block consists of two pieces offering a nicely divided dispersion of the water.. This membrane provides a very even dispersion of the water during extraction. It also strongly filters the water sucked up when the pressure is discharged at the end of the shot. This again ensures a cleaner inside of the group.
Infusion
The importance of pre-infusion procedure also locks in the fines, preventing them from travelling downwards and clogging the filter.
Even more importantly however, pre-infusion allows a slow. All the smaller coffee particles together offer a larger surface making it easier to wash out the oils and fats.
When the brew process is started by moving the lever and slowly re-pressurizes the complete coffee boiler system till full 9 bar extraction pressure. This build-up of pressure is steady and slow, ensuring the integrity of the puck remains unaltered..
A Spirit standard comes with two pumps. One for the coffee system, the other for filling the steam boiler and supplying cold water to add at the hot water spout. This way both functions can be used without fear of some loss of pressure. Steam boiler will be filled, even when for several hours on end at least one group is being used, as happens in truly busy bars.
As an option one pump per group is offered, to ensure no loss of extraction pressure whatsoever between the groups.. Also,activates.
Features
• Standard equipped with 2 external pumps. One to extract coffee, one to re-fill the steam boiler and to add some cold water to the hot water spout. This to ensure the steam boiler will be re-filled ••without affecting the coffee extraction, even during very busy times when for hours on end one or more groups are activated. To ensure the hot water supply is always at the correct same ••temperature, the re-fill of the steam boiler is deactivated during hot water supply.
• Shot timers, installed in full view, right above each group.
• Illuminated rear panel, optionally with printed custom logo.
• Intuitive operation by levers. Group levers offer 2 automatic shot volumes per group. These can also be programmed at endless, to offer on-off operation.
• Self-bleeding groups.
• Auto-back-flush program, all groups pressurize and discharge simultaneously 8 times.
• One separate PID temperature controller for each boiler, display in full easy view.
• Energy saving Eco mode on each temperature controller, for nights and/or weekends.
• Energy saving hot water system. Some cold is added to the hot water, so less heated water is needed. This mix provides a steady, non-spattering stream with the correct temperature to prepare Americanos. The hot water is controlled by a quick to adjust timer.
• Choice of touch pad to activate the group, offering 4 automatic volumes plus continuous, or the Bastone lever, offering 2 automatic volumes plus continuous. The touch pad can easily
be swapped for a Bastone bracket, or vice versa, also later.
• Drip tray quickly adjustable in height, optionally a raised tray for espresso cups is available.
• Stainless steel filter holders with KvdW POM handles.
• Slow automatic infusion process, with step less build of pressure to full extraction mode. This allows a finer grind, creating more surface, so a higher yield in the cup, less chance on channelling, preventing fines to travel down.
• Wide choice in filter baskets, both sizes as types.
• Rubber group gaskets remain flexible forever, do not become hard or brittle.
• Membrane type group screen, very nice dispersion, less coffee sucked up by discharge of pressure at end of extraction. Remains clean longer.
• Heat neutral polymer dispersion block, no loss of heat, no baking on of oils and fats, remains clean longer.
• Heavily protected heating element (extra safety level probe, cut-out switch with feeler against element in water, machine shuts down when any of the solenoid valves remains open for longer than 120 seconds).
• Entire frame in stainless steel only, powder coated in crackle black, optionally bare.
• Large steam boiler capacity:10.5ltr. with Duette, 19.5ltr. for the Triplette.
• Large coffee boiler capacity, total of 2.1ltr. each.
• Elevated position of body, easy cleaning of bar surface, yet low enough to allow comfortable barista-customer contact.
The Spirit was built with a single goal in mind: A machine that delivers extreme precision no matter what you throw at it. Combining the hyper-precise qualities of the Speedster with an extreme power does exactly that, And more.
ESPRESSONISTIC WORKS B.V.
+31 (0)40 222 34 33-124°Expired Samsung 850 PRO 512 GB 2.5 inch SATA III Solid State Drive £189.95 - ebay/ideals_uk£189.95eBay Dealskarlbnz2Get dealGet dealkarlbnz2Get dealGet dealFound 11th Jan 2017 One of the fastest SATA SSDs you can buy. Reliable and highly regarded. User Benchmark Results linkEBay DealsEBay discount codeComputersSamsungSataSSDSamsung SSD Show All Groups ComputersSamsungSataSSDSamsung SSDNew CommentSubscribe Save for laterEmbed
Original Poster
Probably because the EVO is £45 cheaper. But the PRO has longer write cycles, warranty, faster 4K writes.The newly released 2018 Volkswagen Polo is a roomy compact car outfitted with the latest tech innovations.
Released at the company's Wolfsburg headquarters in Germany, the redesigned 2018 Volkswagen Polo will begin deliveries sometime in 2017. A widened wheel base makes this roomy compact car to feel more stable at higher speeds and more comfortable over bumps. A new digital dashboard and wireless smartphone charging cubby are the first of its kind in its class, making for a serious upgrade from the previous model engineered in 2001. The new Polo is slightly longer and wider than the previous model and other vehicles in its class, making for a roomy interior. Adaptive Cruise Control will allow the car to follow the speed to the vehicle in front of it and can even bring the vehicle to a full stop if required.
Roomy Compact Cars
Score
More Stats +/-
- Convertible German Crossovers
- Modernized Retro Commuter Vans
- Elegant Five-Seater Sedans
- Driverless Rideshare Fleets
- Minibus-Inspired RefrigeratorsProgram Number: C020-18032014
Transformational Leadership
Category: A
Activity Sponsor: PMINJ Chapter (C020)
PDUs: - 1.5
Leadership - 1.5
Strategic - 0.0
Technical - 0.0
Research indicates that there is an array of
leadership styles, from the least effective to most
effective in terms of meeting business goals and retaining
valued employees. Project managers may be familiar
with one or two of these leadership styles such as
laissez-faire and transactional leadership. However,
in today’s turbulent marketplace and in chaotic business
environments, a more strategic and inspiring form of
leadership is required. This is the time for
transformational leadership, defined and explored in this
one hour workshop.
As a result of attending this Transformational Leadership presentation, participants will be able to:
Bio:
Susan Morris has over 30 years’ experience as a business coach, organizational consultant and instructional designer specializing in the professional development needs of pharmaceutical R&D scientists, technical experts and functions who partner with R&D. Identifying the gap between scientific expertise and "people" expertise is the arena for Susan's speaking, consulting and coaching. Susan is a Certified Professional Co-Active Coach (CPCC) from the Coaches Training Institute and accredited by the International Coach Federation as an Associate Certified Coach (ACC). She coaches individual contributors, supervisors, managers and senior executives as well as new and experienced project team leaders of global discovery and development teams.
Susan is an internationally recognized speaker, invited by universities, life sciences firms and professional organizations to speak on managing and leading cross-functional, global project teams in turbulent times, career planning, building career networks and client retention strategies. Susan is the author of a series of mini-books, Leadership Essentials for Women Scientists. She has written articles on management and leadership challenges and solutions for AAAS Science and AAPS Careers Magazine. Susan holds a Master’s in Education from Temple University and a Bachelor’s degree from Douglass College.
Topic: Meet & Greet
Topic: Using LinkedIn to Network EffectivelyVerizon makes it easy to upgrade from the Galaxy S7 whenever you feel like it
It’s odd to already think about this, but one day, not too soon, that spanking new Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge will start lagging. Or simply feel outdated compared to the Galaxy Note 6, the GS8 or maybe even the iPhone 7.
When that time comes, it’s good to know your carrier has your back, letting you upgrade to the “next big thing” sans forcing you to jump through many hoops. Like charge you a small fortune for outstanding monthly device payments.
No reason to worry anymore on Verizon, as long as you cough up 50 percent of the Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge’s full retail value and keep the precious in mint condition. If the two elementary requirements are met, you’ll be eligible to return your old handheld to the most popular American operator, and switch to a newer one of your choice.
Do the Annual Upgrade Program’s terms and conditions ring any bells? They should, since they’re the exact Android equivalents of the Verizon Edge iPhone 6s scheme. And although this technically kicked off yesterday, those of you who pre-ordered the S7 or S7 Edge early were automatically signed up for the hassle-free upgrades.
Even better, buyers of any other Big Red phone are also accepted if they entered device payment agreements before May 31 2015. And if you’re looking to switch to VZW from a rival service provider, there’s still up to $650 waiting in termination fees. Finally, traders in the market for a GS7 or S7 Edge can score $300 discounts. Who knew it paid off so handsomely to join the carrier everybody loves to hate?
Source: Verizon News CenterReturn to Headlines
AHS Winter Guard Takes State!
Ankeny High School winter guard takes state.
ANKENY, Iowa (December 5, 2016) - The Ankeny High School winter guard took home the state title in Class III Color Guard during the 40th annual Iowa State Drill Team Association Competition (ISDTA) at the Iowa Events Center. The AHS team competed against ten other schools in their class. This is the guard’s second consecutive first place finish at the state competition.
.
Check out a special performance of the winter guard during the girls’ basketball halftime on Friday, December 16.
In addition, Ankeny Centennial High School received second in Class III Color Guard and also received the Distinguished Academic Achievement award.EA have announced their first Dead Space 3 add-on DLC pack, Awakened, which is to be released next week on the Playstation Network and Xbox Live Marketplace. The DLC includes a new side-story separate from the main story arc which can be played in single player or co-op, along with new weapon parts and collectibles.
It has been suggested the content will be several hours long in length and directly follows the main story, straight after it finishes. According to Polygon, the new content will have more of a focus on the horror element of the franchise which was more prevalent in the original two titles. The price of the DLC will be 800MSP or $9.99 (expected €9.99/£7.99).
It is expected that it will be released on Xbox Live next Tuesday (12th March) and on the Playstation Network (13th March). We hope to bring you a review of this DLC next week once it’s released along with our review of Nazi Zombie Army, Aliens: Colonial Marines, SimCity, Tomb Raider and more!Hi Folks, Have you watched this movie- 2012? Here's a little bit background on this movie:
2012 is an epic adventure about a global cataclysm that brings an end to the world and tells of the heroic struggle of the survivors.
Directed by: Roland Emmerich
Written by: Roland Emmerich & Harald Kloser
Cast: John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Thandie Newton, with Danny Glover,and Woody HarrelsonThe Director, Roland Emmerich,previous films include the box-office hits Independence Day, The Day After Tomorrow The Patriot. (This strikes me as a must-watch movie at first glance at the previous movie accolades before the movie 2012 hits the cinema)
And as the writer, Harald Kloser,quoted, "Every civilization on Earth has a flood myth.Things are going wrong, society isn't working anymore, and the planet starts over. Some people get a second chance to start a new culture, a new society, a new civilization."
And that's how this flood movie was born.
Few days back, as it was raining season right now in Malaysia, I overheard the radio DJ at 988 radio station was relating the current high flood season with the movie 2012.
Honestly, after the tsunami hits Malaysia few years ago, I started to be more alert about such news and take some precautionary measures like having a safety grab and go "disaster bag" as I called it. Filled with the essential documents, toiletries and dried food. Though I must say, after awhile i have to replace the stuff there as it might just go expired.
Now coming back to this movie, I feel everyone should really watch it!
It is something that everyone can relate to and whether everyone can survive to see the new world when such event happened. It will really "shock" us up a bit and get us set our priorities right(at least for that moments onwards till I do not know when...somehow the 3mins heat gets melted for some people..but let's just pray that this heat will stay on and reminded us at all times to cherish the current moment and strive to do our best!)
For DH who have watched this movie, his first reaction was to smsed his long list of friends at 2am(yup, right after watching 2012 at the Premiere Screening, courtesy of Nuffnang.
The next morning his friends was like, what the ???, sms to watch this movie at 2am? Some sms/msn me to ask why or what makes DH so "erm..excited or attracted or touched" by this movie!
So enough said, let's see some of the pictures related to this movie to get you guys "excited" to watch it if you have not! Cheers and enjoy the pictures now..and go watch it soonest possible and get "inspired" too!
Since I will not be posting a whole lot for the next couple of days for reasons explained in the last post, I figured this would be as good a time as any to call your attention to the marvelous, addictive and slightly insane Eat The Blog.
The estimable Dr. Joel, the New Holland Brewing missionary to these parts, has embarked on a campaign to record and photograph every single thing he eats in 2010. And his blog has the daily listings with a photo of one of them for each day, sometimes more.
There is a book in this, trust me, and a movie to boot. Even if I’m wrong, there is surely enough to keep you all amused until I return.
Looking at what he’s eating, he might not make it to June…Cato Near Me in Lewisburg, TN - Hours and Locations
Recommended Shopsscotiabank locations and hours www k&g fashion ontario bass pro shop grand corral buffet locations credit kfc menu az auto parts ikea orange county locations sprint retail locations costco hours on saturdays locate ticketmaster gamestop hours sunday chalupa supreme taco bell wells fargo bank 1 800 number grocery stores with western union sportsmans warehouse in columbia sc cox cable wichita ks customer service what are outback steakhouse hours quest diagnostics open on sunday sams club store hours saturday toys r us locations in new jersey how many calories in iced cappuccino tim hortons wells fargo bank holiday hours when does michaels close on sundays what time does burlington coat factory open on black friday
- Cato Outlet >
- 1 Locations in Lewisburg
- catofashions.com
-
nameaddressphone
- Cato - Lewisburg - Tennessee1340 N Ellington Pkwy(931) 270-8170Arm & Hammer Coupons
Categories: Coupons, Featured, USA
Am & Hammer is offering coupons for their products.
Each coupon can be used twice a year. You can save up to $15.
It’s funny that such an old fashioned logo is still so popular today. The products must be good.
To request Arm & Hammer Coupons
Click
for US residents.
This is a US freebie.
Please note that we do not supply the Free sample. We only publish the offer from the company.
If the offer is EXPIRED
, you might want to check the Freebies belowHOPE ~ to have confidence; trust. PROVIDENCE ~ divine direction YOGA ~ a state where nothing is missing
Friday, December 08, 2006
Hari Om
I am squeezing one more blog post before Mike and I head home. We are in Delhi today and leaving tomorrow morning at 3am. If all goes as planned we will be back in Philadelphia by Sunday night. What incredible travels we have had. I can't even begin to process it all. We have seen so much. India is spectacular. Right now my favorite part of our journey has been waking in the foothills of the Himalayas and wading knee deep in the Ganges (Mike too!) I have taken so many pictures, done so many Downward Dogs, and participated in so many pujas. I will miss India and its chaos, but I look forward to seeing home.
Posted by Jill Manning at 11:15 PM
2 comments:
YEAH!!!!!!!!! delighted your trip generated so much excitement and joy - more delighted that you are heading home. Have safe travels and know how much I love you!!! Hurry, Hurry....mom
Welcome home. We missed you and are glad that you had such an awesome experience. Can't wait to see you and give you a great big hug and I am anxious to see your pictures and hear all the stories of your trip.
Love Aunt MJAtomic Shark (2016)
posted by admin, August 1, 2016 @ 11:23 am
212087
Movie: Atomic Shark
- Director: A.B. Stone
- Stars:
- Release Date: July 24, 2016
- Run Time: 1h 30min
- Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
When a lifeguard catches wind of a dangerous anomaly off the coast of San Diego, she commissions a band of unlikely heroes to assist her on a suicide mission to save the west coast from total destruction.
Recent CommentsTranslate the blog into your language!
I just wanted to take some time and say hello to everyone and thank you all for checking out the blog.
I have many international followers and I want to remind you that you can TRANSLATE the blog into any language you speak.
There is a link on the right side of the page to translate...... scroll down until you see " translate",
Open the drop down box and choose any language.
Please check out the section where you can comment. At the end of every recipe it says, No Comments ( click on it to leave a comment). I would love to hear from everyone.
Bonjour a tous mes amis en France!
Terry Mosher / Grapevine, Texas, USAUnless you've been hiding under the covers for the past 4 months straight, you're well aware that tomorrow is the Presidential election. Make sure you get out and vote, it's our right and your vote matters. I've already voted via absentee, back in October, and am happy to have this civic duty crossed off my list. Being a registered voter in small little Waupaca county has quite the perks that you just don't get in the big city. My long time childhood friend's aunt (did you get all that?) is in charge of collecting the absentee ballots, so she sends me reminders via a Facebook message! Who else has had that kind of service?! Small, rural areas definitely have perks.
If you haven't yet voted, click here to find the voting poll closest to you.077: Police Honorary Member Badge
Jr. Police Badge Sticker - Measures: 2½" x 3½"
Age: All Elementary, Departments
Jr. Police Officers Show Their Pride!
The Police Honorary Member Badge is a silver metallic emblem sticker. A message on the back side reads: Safetypup® and your Friendly Police Officers say, "Say 'NO' to alcohol and other drugs. Keep your body healthy by only eating things that are good for you."By Steve Cichon
steve@buffalostories.com
@stevebuffalo
“It doesn’t take very long for a newcomer to become acquainted with Buffalo’s banks,” wrote News Reporter Robert J. Summers in 1980. “Stand at a corner like Main and Court, and you can see most of the big buildings where they are headquartered.”
Of the five bank headquarters Summers listed as visible from that intersection, only one remains in business 36 years later.
As the names involved in Buffalo’s banking scene are changing once again, BN Chronicles looks back at the names that might have been stamped on the front of your first savings account passbook or at the top of your first paycheck.
1979 ad. Buffalo Stories archives
Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company was founded in Buffalo in 1856. M&T was and is headquartered in the 318-foot, 21-floor building at One M&T Plaza that opened in 1966. That block has seen plenty of history.
M&T branch on Abbott Road at Stevenson, South Buffalo. (Buffalo News archives)
In 1865, Abraham Lincoln’s body laid in state at the St. James Hotel on the site. The Hotel Iroquois, and then the Bond Men’s store, occupied the north part of the site until 1964. M&T’s headquarters was first built on the southern half of the block now occupied by the headquarters building in 1916.
1964, just before the demolition of the circa-1916 M&T headquarters and Bond Menswear. AM&A’s is in the background. The block with H. Seeberg and the Palace Burlesk was torn down and is now green space. (Buffalo News archives)
In 1980, Marine Midland Bank was Buffalo’s oldest bank and headquartered in Buffalo’s tallest building.
Marine Trust’s Main & Seneca office, 1951 (Buffalo News archives)
Founded in 1850, Marine Midland was the nation’s 12th largest bank with $12 billion in assets in 1980. It was acquired by HSBC Bank in 1999. HSBC sold off its Buffalo-area branches to First Niagara in 2011. By the end of the summer, it’s expected that First Niagara will be acquired by KeyBank. The former Marine Midland Center is now known as One Seneca Tower.
Marine Midland ad for a “groovy Bills bank,” 1969. (Buffalo Stories archives)
Western Savings Bank’s headquarters was right on the corner that Summers chose as his 1980 vantage point for financial institutions. It’s the building with CVS Pharmacy currently occupying the ground floor space that was once Western’s main office.
Western Savings Bank ad, 1979. (Buffalo Stories archives)
While Western joined other area banks in demolishing decades-old Roman-inspired headquarters buildings for flashy new high-rise towers in the 1960s, by the early 1980s, deposits were falling and Western was losing money. In 1981, Western merged with longtime rival Buffalo Savings Bank.
Buffalo Savings Bank opened a temporary branch serving skiers at Kissing Bridge in 1980. Buffalo News archives
Buffalo Savings Bank’s famous gold-domed headquarters, designed by E.B. Green, is the rare survivor of our city’s magnificent bank buildings. As it expanded and acquired outside of Buffalo, Buffalo Savings Bank changed its name to Goldome — as a nod to its great headquarters with a name a bit less parochial sounding.
The Buffalo Savings Bank building with its famous gold dome, photographed in 2009. (Buffalo News file photo)
Like many banking institutions around the country, Goldome grew too quickly and went under during the savings and loan crisis of the late 1980s. In 1991, Goldome’s assets were split between KeyBank — which entered the Buffalo market after Empire of America succumbed to the S&L crisis — and another bank in 1989.
Buffalo Stories archives, 1960
For the same reasons Buffalo Savings Bank became Goldome, “The Big E” changed its name from Erie County Savings Bank to Empire of America in 1981. After nearly a decade of borrowing to acquire other banks around the country, in 1989 Empire told regulators it was insolvent and posted a $158 million loss in the third quarter.
Big E celebrated 125 years in business in 1979. Ten years later, the federal government assumed control of the bank. (Buffalo Stories archives)
As longtime Buffalo banks Buffalo Savings and Big E were busy buying up other deposit bases, longtime Buffalo institution Liberty Bank instead was bought up.
Liberty Bank’s branch at Bailey & Kensington, 1930s. (Buffalo News Archives)
While the twin Lady Liberties atop the bank’s headquarters still stand proudly on Buffalo’s skyline, in 1985 Liberty Bank became Liberty Norstar. Boston’s Fleet Bank bought Norstar in 1987, and in 2004, all Fleet branches became Bank of America branches after those two institutions had merged.
Buffalo Trust, previously known as Buffalo German Bank, was headquartered in a Victorian Italianate structure that was torn down in 1957 to make way for the Tishman building, the longtime headquarters of National Fuel. Today the site is home to a Hilton Garden Inn. (1924 ad, Buffalo Stories archives.)Hope you are having a great week so far. Just wanted to share a couple of layouts I created using My Digital Studio from Stampin' Up! The sketches were from challenges I did on Stampin' Connection (SU Demos only blog) The card is a simple birthday card that you can re-create with the Sweet Pea designer paper and felt flowers that are in the Mini Occasions Catalogue (available until April 30th, 2010) The 12x12 scrap page created using the new SPRING SHADES Designer Series Paper and Satin Ribbon (CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFO).
To place an order for any of these products or any other Stampin' Up! products 24/7 CLICK HERE and go to the SHOP NOW link
thanks and Happy Stampin'!!! :)
Mandy Reedyk
Stampin' Up! Independent Demonstrator
mandyreedyk@yahoo.ca01 02 03 lover of the light: Autumn paradise 04 05 23 24 25 Autumn paradise 34 Recently I was home in Vinkovci for a few days because I had an extended weekend, so I decided to use it to visit my family before all the exams start. Coming home is always nice when you have people who look forward seeing you. My days were spent on shopping with my mom in Osijek, working on our land where we'll plant lavender for my mom's home craft, visiting my grandparents in Slavonski Brod and reliving my old memories from the place I grew up. Weather was spot on, so we had a great opportunity for capturing autumn's magic. I must say that I'm not a pretty big fan of autumn since I live in Rijeka, where it's raining all the time in autumn, but these few days changed my mind about it. Cold weather bathed in sunshine, leaves, cozy clothes.. Every time I'm back I refill my batteries and get inspired mostly by the 6 hour ride in which I have time to listen to music, look out the window and think. But also from my amazing mom. She is my biggest inspiration and motivation for everything I do. Even in her 40's she's chasing her dreams, working on something she loves, and tries her best to succeed in it. Every time I feel like giving up I remember her and that hard work pays of. Thank you mom for being so awesome! Clothes I'm wearing are new in from my latest shopping trip :) I must say that I fell in love with this polka dot shirt I bought in Zara! Always classy. And the weather was finally warm enough to wear my favorite boyfriend jeans I bought in Pimkie. The photos captured the atmosphere perfectly and when you're in the mood, everything turns around in your favor. Until next post much love to you all. Kisses, S. Shirt- Zara Jeans- Pimkie Jacket- Berskha Boots- Catwalk Bag- Mulberry 35 36 37 38McLean County Service
SHOW BUS has been the Public Transportation Provider for all of rural McLean County since 1979. With the help of the McLean County Regional Planning Commission Transportation Advisory Committee, the McLean County Board, and all our friends, Public Transportation is growing rapidly in McLean County.
McLean County Fares
ROUND TRIP Fares:
- Pilot McLean County Circulator: $ 2.00
- For scheduled days within county: $ 5.00
- For scheduled days outside county: $ 7.00
For special service, call the office for prices.
Due to a federal grant, the above fares are not required for persons 60 years of age or older.
McLean County Routes
In addition to the McLean County Schedule, the following routes are also available:
- Daily service along Route 24 from Piper City to Pontiac
- Pilot McLean County daily circulator running into Bloomington/Normal with limited stops from 8am-5pm
McLean County Schedule
Buses arrive at destinations by 10:30 and leave for the return trip from 2:30 -3:15.
MONDAY
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:20 Weston
- 9:30 Chenoa
- 9:45 Lexington
- 10:00 Towanda
TUESDAY
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:00 Saybrook
- 9:10 Bellflower
- 9:30 LeRoy
- 10:00 Downs
WEDNESDAY
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:30 Chenoa
- 9:45 Lexington
- 10:00 Towanda
THURSDAY
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:20 Gridley
- 9:50 Hudson
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:00 Cropsey
- 9:10 Anchor
- 9:20 Colfax / Arrowsmith
- 9:45 Cooksville / Ellsworth
FRIDAY
- To Bloomington/Normal
- 9:30 Chenoa
- 9:45 Lexington
- 10:00 Towanda
- To Bloomington/Normal every 1st, 3rd and 5th Friday
- 9:00 Carlock
- 9:15 Danvers
- 9:30 Stanford
- 10:00 Shirley
- To Bloomington/Normal every 2nd and 4th Friday
- 8:55 Shirley
- 9:10 McLean
- 9:30 Heyworth.Gave online dating a shot, thought I had met a nice guy. Date One consisted of Farmers Market, food trucks, bloody marys and coffees and lasted 5 hours. Great conversation/banter. Second date good but not great, Indian Food, no booze. On Date 3 went to his place, he cooked steaks and 3 bottles of wine later we had sex. A few times. Texted a few days later to thank him for dinner, he responded quickly and enthusiastically, we made tentative plans for the weekend. On Friday I receive this email:
“I had a fabulous time last Sunday: there is not much I enjoy more than gorging myself on wine, pound-cake and sloppy, reckless sex. That said, I think I need to be romantically involved with someone less intemperate than myself, lest I end up with child, HIV, and bigger pants. I’ll call you as soon as I manage to add moderation to my quiver of vices.”
Questions 1: What does this even mean?
Question 2: How do I respond?
Question 3: All my girlfriends are telling me that I had sex with him to soon, trouble is I like sex and I don’t believe in arbitrarily following number of date guidelines to decide when to have sex…. What say you?
Thanks!
Answer 1: It means you fucked a magnificent douchebag who doesn’t want to bother coming back for seconds.
Answer 2: You don’t. Just delete the prick.
Answer 3: Ignore your slut-shaming girlfriends.
You’re welcome.Windows Activation Error Code Dns Name Does Not Exist
Rahul Leon 48,399 views 6:37 How to get your product key for Windows 7/8/10 - Duration: 4:58. For an overview of the KMS hosts server configuration process, go to Set Up a KMS Host on a Windows Server 2008 R2 Machine video. In later versions of Windows, it has been expanded for greater clarity: Windows could not be activated.
Key management services (KMS) host could not be located in domain name system Loading... his comment is here Or Create a support ticket and get help by our certified technicians within 24 hours. Learn iT! Kitts & Nevis St.
Error Code: 0x8007232b Windows 10
i have only done the first step and haven't removed edge? 0 Akash commented on Offline enable the Windows 8 built-in administrator account 14 hours, 16 minutes agoThanks ! Does a long flight on a jet provide a headstart to altitude acclimatisation? TwitterFacebookGoogle+PowerShellCloud ComputingWindows 10Windows Server 2016Active DirectoryGroup PolicyVirtualizationSecurityMore Toggle navigation Site-Wide Activity Blog Wiki Forum About AboutAuthorsMembersContactSponsorsWrite for 4sysops Login Register RSS Windows couldn't be activated - Error code 0x800732B - DNS
Rating is available when the video has been rented. That is why we leverage all technology when suggesting solutions for our clients. Click the DNS server where you have to create the SRV resource record. Error Code 0x8007007b Windows 8 I ndeeed this-you're my savior. Leave a reply Cancel Prove that you're human * Time limit is exhausted.
This appears to be a new “feature” of Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 because, in Windows 7, the volume licensing editions allowed you to enter a new product key in the Dns Name Does Not Exist Join Domain Showing recent items. Windows 7 Help Forums Windows 7 help and support Windows Updates & Activation » User Name Remember Me? It was the case since they only offer VL downloads for Pro at the moment. –BinaryMisfit Aug 18 '12 at 12:38 1 Thanks...this worked on Windows 10 Enterprise as 0x8007007b Windows 10 Activation Yes No BlogAbout UsInsightsPress ReleasesContact UsCareersStore © 1999-2016 Parallels International GmbH. Singal: "I did a clean install just to wipe everything.
Dns Name Does Not Exist Join Domain
Legal NoticesTerms of UsePrivacy Policy Follow: Skip navigation UploadSign inSearch Loading...
When I try to activate it, I always get Error code: 0x8007232B. Error Code: 0x8007232b Windows 10 Network & Sharing WPD filesystem volume driver(error code 10)"device can't start"hi guys,i have problem with my laptop.....in my device manager has one driver show the yellow exclamation,its a "WPD filesystem volume Windows Activation Error 0x8007007b Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue Remove allDisconnect Loading...
Reset Password I remember my details Create Account Register Insert/edit link CloseEnter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tabOr link to existing content Search No search this content I could REALLY use some help here. To do this, right-click DisableDnsPublishing, click Modify, type 0 in the Value data box, and then click OK. I encountered this BSOD after I purposely powered down my machine and it had... Error Code: 0x8007007b Windows 10
When to ignore errors that are common and the program recovers from Securing a LAN that has multiple exposed external at Cat 6 cable We would never sell you a solution, software, product or any sort of technology that we wouldn’t use ourselves. Yes, it's FREE.
Installation & Setup network error message: "Error code: 0x80070035". Error Code 0x8007232b Office 2010 I'm trying to Activate a LEGAL, LEGAL copy of Win7 Enterprise 64Bit! To open an elevated command prompt, click Start, click All Programs, click Accessories, right-click Command Prompt, and then click Run as administrator.
Working...
Any other messages are welcome.SendSending © 4sysops 2006 - 2016 Log in with your credentials or Create an account Sign in Remember me Lost your password? Forgot your details? Loading... Windows Could Not Be Activated 0xc004f074
Windows 8 Enterprise lacks change product key link ^When I then tried to enter a TechNet product key, I noticed that the Windows 8 Enterprise Activation Control Panel applet lacks the Can you do that? DongHae February 20, 2013 Reply Hallelujah! Here is the history: I bought my laptop with Windows Vista just over 2 years ago (HP G60) with the option to upgrade to Win7 Home. check over here Loading...
Sign in 50 Loading... Other possible causes of this error exist and are documented in Microsoft Knowledgebase article KB929826: Error 0x8007232b or 0x8007007B occurs when you try to activate Windows. Thanks in Advance. In the console tree, expand Forward Lookup Zones, right-click the domain, and then click Other New Records.
Check the registry to determine whether the KMS host server is registering with DNS. Sign in to report inappropriate content. Watch Queue Queue __count__/__total__ Psst...! If no KMS host is registered in DNS, error 0x8007232b results.
If the DisableDnsPublishing subkey is missing, create a new DWORD value namedDisableDnsPublishing. All rights reserved. Not just opening as default. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
Category Education License Standard YouTube License Show more Show less Loading... Windows Updates & Activation Unable to activate "anytime upgrade" - Error Code 0XC004E003All, First, I will say that I have searched and tried many options to no avail. Close Yeah, keep it Undo Close This video is unavailable. I can uses the internet...
This one is perfect. David Lozzi November 22, 2012 Reply THANK YOU! Drivers Our Sites Site Links About Us Find Us Vista Forums Eight Forums Ten Forums Help Me Bake Network Status Contact Us Legal Privacy and cookies Windows 7 Forums is an asked 4 years ago viewed 23309 times active 3 years ago Blog Stack Overflow Podcast #93 - A Very Spolsky Halloween Special Linked -1 Why does Windows 10 shut down hourly Show more Language: English Content location: United States Restricted Mode: Off History Help Loading...
You rock! DonBob January 16, 2013 Reply Thanks!!! windows 8 activator February 10, 2013 Reply Hello, Now I am using a windows 7, currently I wanted to activate it.So what are the real terrorism facts?
The actual statistics are stunning:
D.
-
- Non-Muslims also carried out the vast majority of terrorist attacks in Europe as well
- The overwhelming majority of victims of Muslim terror attacks are – in fact – Muslims
- The “War on Terror” has been counter-productive, and only increased the terrorism problem
- Governments ... (read more here)Silicon Co. has had to pay $5.3 billion to cover fines, victim compensation and the recall of millions of vehicles for faulty ignition switches. Toyota Motor Corp.."
Uber..Click for the original article on Edutopia.
Editor’s note: This piece by Olga Acosta Price is adapted from Handbook of Social and Emotional Learning: Research and Practice, now available from Guilford Press..
The Big Picture: What Impacts Sustainability?
To fund SEL programs, it is important to look to state and local communities for support. According to the U.S. Department of Education, over 90 percent of funding for K-12 education comes from nonfederal sources (Johnson, Zhou, & Nakamoto, 2011), most of which is supplied by state and local government. Once avenues for funding are identified, it is important to look at the language used to describe the program. Depending on whether a program is categorized as social skills training, positive youth development, bullying prevention, civic and character education, conflict resolution, or school climate initiatives will influence the funding options available.
Successfully implementing an SEL program also requires careful consideration of related costs. Staff time, the purchase of curricula, materials, and supplies, and consultant fees are typical, but often are not the only expenses (Jones, Greenberg, & Crowley, 2015). Coordinating SEL programs with learning standards, evidence-based programs, teacher professional development, and student assessment also adds additional costs which should be accounted for in helping the longevity of an SEL approach.
Local Support for SEL Programs and Practices.
The following examples help illustrate how state funds could be used for SEL implementation:
- In 2004, California voters passed a proposition to charge a one percent income tax on high-income state residents to support the Mental Health Services Act (California Department of Mental Health, 2004). Roughly 20 percent of the funds supported prevention and early intervention activities, such as the Student Mental Health Initiative (California Department of Mental Health, 2007), which promoted mental health among students and trained educational staff on effective prevention and wellness activities.
- Also in 2004, the Illinois State Board of Education (ISBE) helped Illinois become the first state to pass comprehensive K-12 SEL standards (Dusenbury et al., 2015). The Illinois Children’s Mental Health Partnership and Voices for Illinois Children, a statewide advocacy organization, secured a $3 million appropriation from the General Assembly to implement a number of school-based strategies, one third of which was used for teacher and staff training (Gordon, Ji, Mulhall, Shaw, & Weissberg, 2011).
- The 2006 Children’s Mental Health Act of New York State authorized the development of a statewide plan, The Children’s Plan: Improving the Social and Emotional Well-Being of New York’s Children and Their Families (New York State Office of Mental Health, 2008), which led to a number of state-supported strategies. For example, the Promise Zones for Urban Education initiative strengthened collaboration among local school districts and child-serving agencies (Council on Children and Families, 2010, p.3).
Federal Funding for SEL Programs and Practices
Over the past 50 years, the role of the federal government in K-12 public education has been to ensure equal educational access and to provide resources for those students who need additional supports. Through its Title I program, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) of 1965 provides support to more than half of all public schools. For schools with more than 40 percent of their student population exceeding federal poverty levels, administrators have the option to use Title I dollars to implement programs that enhance performance of the entire school population (U.S. Department of Education, 2011).
Additionally, the Title II provision of ESEA supports activities related to teacher quality, teacher retention, and teacher preparation, and has typically been used for districtwide professional development activities. Districts that adopt strategies to improve school climate and strengthen social and emotional competencies through teaching strategies are particularly interested in Title II funding. For example, Austin (Texas) Independent School District leaders have begun implementing SEL programs across schools in their district and have used Title II dollars to fund this effort (Raven, 2013).
Finally, ESEA’s Title IV, Part A program, also known as the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act, supports programs to prevent violence in and around schools, prevent the use of drugs, and foster a safe learning environment that supports academic achievement.
Foundations
Foundations have played an important role in developing innovative education and health initiatives. Whereas some foundations sustain established community cultural and charitable institutions, such as the local symphony or United Way, other foundations are organizing institutions dedicated to new purposes, such as Andrew Carnegie’s libraries, the Gates Foundation’s restructured high schools, or the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation’s school-based health centers. Foundation giving has been increasing steadily in the United States over the past several decades, reaching $46 billion in 2011 (Lawrence, 2012).
Guidelines and Recommendations
Relationships matter.
Not only what you know but also who you know makes a difference. Who are the power brokers and decision makers for eligible funding streams? Program planners and administrators must get to know these individuals and help make the connection between what is important to them and the known benefits of prevention programs.
Partnerships matter.
In light of national and state budget deficits, stand-alone programs, no matter how effective, are not likely to survive. Partnerships, especially with organizations that bring complementary expertise, remain critical for program sustainability. Programs also need to be meaningfully linked to broader social initiatives to maximize their staying power.
United fronts matter.
Groups of individuals that speak with one collective voice are difficult to ignore or silence and can therefore be quite influential. With policy moving to offer increased control for states and districts over spending, advocacy for desired prevention programs and comprehensive school reforms must be well coordinated, communicated, and executed.
Potential Problems and Pitfalls
Adopt a flexible frame, but have a frame.
To take advantage of current funding opportunities, programs may need to use a conceptual frame that is specific enough to mobilize supporters but broad enough to capture the trend of the moment. Describing how a universal prevention program can address a number of issues over time may allow programs to successfully ride numerous political waves. However, being too flexible may convey a lack of focus or authenticity.
More is not always better, and this goes for funding, too.
If a program is established within an institutional setting (i.e., a government agency or university), then it is more likely to have the necessary infrastructure to acquire and manage a diverse funding portfolio. On the other hand, nonprofit or community-based organizations usually have limited administrative resources and must therefore discern the best funding options to help advance their cause without sacrificing the resources needed to obtain the desired results.
Notes
- California Department of Mental Health (2004). Mental Health Services Act.
- California Department of Mental Health (2007). Mental Health Services Act: Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI).
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) (2013b). Preventative health and health services block grant.
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) (n.d). “Tackling Teen Drinking in Barron County” (PDF).
- Council on Children and Families (2010). The New York State Children’s Plan update.
-.
- Gordon, R., Ji, P., Mulhall, P., Shaw, B., & Weissberg, R.P. (2011). Social and emotional learning for Illinois students: Policy, practice, and progress(The Illinois Report 2011). Champaign: Institute of Government and Public Affairs, University of Illinois.
- Johnson, F., Zhou, L., & Nakamoto, N. (2011). Revenues and Expenditures for Public Elementary and Secondary Education: School Year 2008-09 (Fiscal Year 2009)(NCES 2011-329). U.S. Department of Education. Washington, DC: National Center for Education Statistics.
- Jones, D., Greenberg, M.T., & Crowley, M. (2015). “The Economic Case for SEL.” In J.A. Durlak, C.E. Domitrovich, R.P. Weissberg, & T.P. Gullotta (Eds.), Handbook of Social and Emotional Learning. New York: Guilford Press.
- Lawrence, S. (2012, June). Foundation Growth and Giving Estimates(PDF). New York: Foundation Center.
- National Association of State Boards of Education (2013, updated 2016).State Education Governance Matrix (PDF).
- New York State Office of Mental Health (2008). The Children’s Plan: Improving the Social and Emotional Well-Being of New York’s Children and Their Families (PDF).
- Raven, S. (2013). CASEL collaborating districts initiative implementation grant: Year 1 interim report. Austin, TX: Austin Independent School District.
- Support SEL Schools (n.d.). Support SEL schools.
- U.S. Department of Education (2011). Improving Basic Programs Operated by Local Education Agencies (Title I, Part A).
- Wellesley Centers for Women (2012). $1M investment to implement Open Circle in 23 Boston public schools.Will You Know Ways To military short term loans
You should only have one photo to get a loan modification, therefore you much better make it rely. Go over all of your money and pay attention to which you could reduced and help save. Should you go into go delinquent after you have a borrowing arrangement mod, you are virtually going to shed your property.
Instant signature loans are with various titles. This is the mortgage loan interest is associated with great credit rating checks, and that is usually handled with a long time or even min’s right after use. Moreover, these financing options are incredibly low and high expenses, as well as the Language loan of non public is relevant, right after the only ensure that folks utilize these financing will not accept sometimes.
The news out of Wall membrane Road in addition to California is becoming a whole lot worse everyday. Apparently each of our land will be headed in a very downhill cycle financially, and it affects everyone not just people who just love bonds and stocks. The regular male with Key Avenue is definitely sensation this pinch way too, because debt collectors lock up their containers and also keep hold of their, waiting around to view what’s going to happen following inside the economic crisis. You’ll find loan companies, even so, that supply on the net confirmed personal loans in case you are eligible.
The equity generally is a property residence, a motor vehicle, a lot, or another belongings using a larger importance versus the offered number of mortgage loan. Nearly all loaning information mill happy to expand Five to be able to Two and a half decades for any collateralized less than perfect credit unsecured loan.
When making payment they can be established to be monthly obligations or one lump sum payment. You always can not have an overabundance of than a several months to cover your loan. Many places may possibly mean feet lengthen that bank loan that could cost you more cash to achieve that.
While the no money straight down home loan allows for you are not very little cash financial savings to help be entitled to a house acquire, these kind of home mortgages possess a disadvantage.
On the other give, if you don’t need to distribute guarantee to acquire the amount you acquire, you can look at to locate credit card personal loans for bad credit. As is possible envisioned, what that one could access can be tied to a reduced value. And due to the absence of safety, you happen to be likely to payback the loan within a shorter time frame. short term loans for bad credit
Information On military short term loans
Bad credit loans that offer a hundred percent guaranteed acceptance are also referred to as payday loans or even cash advance loans. Financial institutions that increase these plans clearly usually do not accomplish credit history looking at. Being approved, the consumer should be regarding appropriate grow older and must come with an active lender savings account.
The brand new buyer as well as social gathering who is looking to take control of obligations will likely be necessary to help to make expenses which could cover the particular transaction the earlier proprietor is generating, so they can and then satisfy their requirement with all the bank or lender along with with whom he made the original contract. There is insurance to be considered. While using car or truck residing in the very first master’s label, insurance is likewise instructed to stay in of which individual’s identify. What exactly generally is ideally suited for, whenever bargaining take control of installments, is designed for insurance coverage to become bought in both individuals’ titles.
There are a couple of crucial ways in which fico scores could be improved, but the two relate to actually paying off existing debts. With each and every debts totally refunded, your credit standing is fine tuned appropriately, and so after Five bad debts usually are removed, it might be prone to get yourself a home finance loan along with less than perfect credit.
Lots of folks have almost certainly read exactly what “loan servicing” such as the understand the issues they necessarily mean. Very well, it is not as challenging to be a person may believe and an issue that everyone ought to be aware of as long as they previously think that they are going to use a home finance loan at some stage in the longer term. This is due to everything consists of home loans, the financial institution, and also the business or perhaps particular person staying lent the cash.
Unsecured loans possess a couple of advantages and disadvantages with regard to debtors. Credit card personal loans don’t require security and that means you will not be vulnerable to loosing particular residence should you go into default for the mortgage. Unprotected loans furthermore present you with complete liberty over the use of the actual cash due to the fact financial institutions usually do not inflict any kind of limits to them similar to other personal loans. Unprotected unsecured loans can guide you to begin a very good settlement historical background and good credit rating. Next to your skin quicker agreement times around financial products that require equity.
Problem Explanation: ‘Management dilemma: To distinguish the involvement involving could with platinum mortgage. ‘Research trouble: ‘Women’s conception towards gold loan’.
Even when evaluating knowledge mortgage loan, you must ensure that your budget will allow the extra expenditure. Determine that you might indeed be capable of pay back the credit total. In addition, check for reduced specials in addition to offers. There might be special offers available for the program that you’ll be chosen. Consult with pupils that happen to be participating in that study course. Find what financial loans can be found. And never run in just about any package simply because the bank is providing that you mortgage in which could not far superior. There’s always some loopholes. Don’t disregard the subtracting items of any financial loan you are thinking about.
Read Additional Information Onmilitary short term loans
The objective of federal loans relate to facets in addition to monetary. For instance, repairs may want to be produced to a warehouse following a tornado strike city, or maybe inundating harm could suggest an enterprise need to shut for a number of days. Federal government governing bodies are happy to offer assistance whether it suggests people keep his or her work opportunities.
Lots of people have almost certainly read what exactly “loan servicing” try not to are aware of the items they will necessarily mean. Properly, it’s not as challenging like a person may think and it’s really an issue that everyone should keep in mind should they at any time think that they’ll employ a home loan in the course of the long term. This is due to it all entails home loans, the bank, as well as the corporation as well as human being currently being coppied the amount of money.
Certainly certainly not! In comparison with financial institutions that need favorable credit history, loan companies that provide bad credit loans complete encourage increased rates to make up to the danger. Even so, by contrasting financing corporations, you will be able to find the bank that provides the absolute best offer for an individual that has area for credit improvement.
Depending for the total then you owe, this sort of bank loan will assist you to settle all of your financial debt concurrently. Irrespective of whether you cannot spend stability of most your creditors, you will still end up being conserving money and maintain job security by using taking care of people you borrowed from the most important sum.
Deriving this specific mortgage you have no issues of pledging belongings, exhibiting credit history, faxing primary manuscripts. However for giving $10,1,000 personal loan rapid simply no questions, lenders get quick and simple setting connected with supplying cash. Loan companies need only your own signature on the signed triggering notification. This kind of procedure holds one to fulfill the quantity as much as $10,500. This quantity emerged your self the foundation associated with loans. This is why the particular payment term on this bank loan can be various from Six months to be able to Seven years. The speed interesting is slightly over secured personal loans to pay for the risk issue.
Moreover, as you move the lowest obligations with cards are generally varied you need to include very little key, the particular unsecured credit card particular loan’s monthly obligations can conduct preset premiums and therefore be equal through the entire life from the mortgage. Other than, your monthly installments contain passions and primary also thus you will be continually reducing debts by means of paying back the financing.
Before browsing mortgage facts, let us observe, what actually occur in mortgage loan and what specifically mortgage means. Mortgage is definitely pledging regarding house (real estate) as well as house loan is locking down mortgage loan by simply pledging the property house. The result from the cope is, the particular identify from the property or home (that particular intends to invest in or maybe held) are going to be used the mortgagee (whom lends bank loan) from your mortgagor (that avails bank loan). This technique requires records, which is used seeing that proof to the amount you borrow. In the event the home loan will be reimbursed, offer receives ended as well as the mortgagor are certain to get rear this identify on the house mortgaged. Hence the exact property mortgaged turns into the security from the bargain.Leave a comment below if we missed any of your favorite description plugins.
If you liked this article, then please subscribe to our mailing list. You can also find us on Twitter.
Improve your WordPress SEO: Write better content and have a fully optimized WordPress site using Yoast SEO plugin.
Add basic meta tags and also Opengraph, Schema.org Microdata, Twitter Cards and Dublin Core metadata to optimize your web site for better SEO.
Provides a thumbnail area in Your Profile, for users to upload & crop new images in an overlay to be saved and stored to their profile.
Outputs meta description and meta keywords in the element head.
The Rich Text Tags Plugin allows you to edit tag, category, and taxonomy descriptions using Wordpress' built in WYSIWYG editor.
SEO Plugin By Squirrly is for the NON-SEO experts. Get Excellent Seo with Better Content, Ranking and Analytics. For Both Humans and Search Bots.
Adds Meta keywords and Description to each and every page, post, archive.
SEO Wizard helps you write better content, write optimized meta titles and descriptions, integrate social media, view post/page analysis and much more
Adds the ability to override the page meta title and add in meta descriptions and keywords for pages.
This SEO plugin checks the content of posts/pages for the keyword density (single/phrases) while writing and is automatically setting the META-tags.
Allows you to set global meta tags and customize on each individual page/post.
Easily create a Glossary, Encyclopaedia or Dictionary of your terms and show tooltip when users hover over. Many powerful features
The Lazy SEO plugin will help automatically optimize a site for SEO best practices using a specific set of SEO keywords and locations. Designed for Sm
WordPress SEO For Image plugin allows you to improve the structures of your blog images and make them more search engine friendly.
The Fix Facebook Like plugin fixes problems like wrong thumbnail, title, description, URL, and gives few more options for your WordPress.
Leave a comment below if we missed any of your favorite description plugins.
If you liked this article, then please subscribe to our mailing list. You can also find us on Twitter.daphne rosen full videos anita jainredhead porn pics downblouses video
brazzerscafe accidently got naked on gymnastic chemtube.ru
gujarati natak hd jewels jade milf Xxx bf dwonlod sanileon beadeo anal ass sex with denil
jenna jameson porn vids anty hidden feck 10 xnxx.com jesse james porn star jhapa sex exploited teens sierra porn
sex pakistan jhapa sex
extrabigdicks exploited teens sierra porn bigtittutor.bijudom.ru
anty hidden feck sean cody danny
xvideos.vom
accidently got naked on gymnastic black lesbains anita jainredhead porn pics
amy anderssen tits new hot gujaratsuhagrat vedieo
best porns gotranny.aktiff39.ru
1mpsexvideosdownload shione cooper lesbian
slutty petite teen naked porntube squirt
nacket sexy girllatina porn photos sex group video deep anal sex pic
isabella soprano tube mom hand job
alexis breeze tube bbwthreesum.sea-writer.ru vabhi and davor fiking sammie rhodes lesbian porn 10 xnxx.com
Ben10 hentai amatuer lesbian threesome pakistani naked mujra videos
huge girl porn They become a little bit fed up with it and continue with vaginal fisting.
pregnant futanari Brunette shemale with wonderful spots of body is going to get her butthole stuffed by guy's dong and banged so hard.lincauknab
jelena jenson tranys.fr-goods.ru
Smoking hot brunette bombshell Rahyndee James with juicy tits and perfectly shaped round ass in red stockings only rides on her tall husband Levi Cash all over bedroom to loud orgasm. one piece xxx
Solo girl. cum shampoo She becomes turned on so much from it and can't resist temptation to be fucked. She is really hot babe and this guy knows that.
miko lee porn She is really hot babe and this guy knows that. She becomes turned on so much from it and can't resist temptation to be fucked.
You have Adblock enabled. Adblock has been known to cause issues with site functionality. If you are experiencing any difficulties, please try disabling Adblock.Lao Tzu Quotes & Wallpapers
Total Quotes: 155
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. Lao Tzu
Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions. Lao Tzu
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. Lao Tzu
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.' Lao Tzu
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it. Lao Tzu
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men? Lao Tzu
The net of heaven is very wide in its meshes, and yet it misses nothing. Lao Tzu
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Lao Tzu
The Way of Heaven is to benefit others and not to injure. The Way of the sage is to act but not to compete. Lao Tzu
The words of truth are always paradoxical. Lao Tzu
When a nation is filled with strife, then do patriots flourish. Lao Tzu
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own. Lao Tzu
Great acts are made up of small deeds. Lao Tzu
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. Lao Tzu
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. Lao Tzu
<< PREVIOUS PAGE Page 3 of 3 1 2 3Who is Babyface Net? Wondering about Babyface Net Worth, biography & personal life? Learn about Height, Age, Measurements, Family & much more. Do you know how rich is Babyface Net? Curious about these celebrities bio and how much they worth? Or maybe you’re curious about Babyface Net‘s Height, Weight, Age, Biography, Measurements, Net Worth, Family, Affairs, Marriage, Wiki & much more!
Babyface Net Biography
Content
Babyface Net‘s Social Accounts
How about Babyface Net‘s latest photos, twitter, instagram, facebook and more? View Babyface Net‘s latest social media posts.
Sources :
The Babyface Net‘s net worth and wealth figures posted above have been gathered from various credible online websites and sources, but there is a chance that the above figures, income or earnings statistics may not be 100% accurate.
Is this wrong? Click to fix it!Here is Snow Valley express:
This is at 9 hours.
November quilt at 25 hours:
And Last but not least, Love Home Joy: At 12 hours:
So! I have been getting some progress done. For the past two or so weeks, these have been my focus pieces. The two fo rmy parents and to break things up, the two for me. Once the first of the year comes along, I will cut back my stitching time for my parents, and add more for me pieces, as my previous post showed, I have LOTS to do, if I want to finish all on my list, I bet I won't get it all done, though. Last night I went through some of my stash, and found some other stuff I would like to add. For some reason, I am really getting into samplers lately. I have never really been into them, I would rather make pictures than words or whatnot, but I have found many beautiful pieces here at the blogsites I frequently visit, and my prefrence has been sorta changing a bit. It is weird, but that is what blogging will do, I guess. and reading other bloggers I see things that I think are cute when others do them, then I want to do something like them as well. Weird!
But, since most of my pieces are rather detailed for next year, I thought a sampler or two might break it up a bit. I don't know. We shall see. well, I am going to go get something to eat and get ready for work, and hopefully there will be some stitching time tonight. I, for some reason was awake last night from 2:30-4:45 in the morning, and so I usually like to get up a little early and get some stitching in before going to work, but this morning only about half an hours worth got done on my sampler, as I slept in a bit.
It is sorta funny, most people would rather sleep, but me? If I have to be at work at 10 in the morning, I get up at 6 in the morning, JUST so I can get some stitching in before getting ready and going into work! Yup, I'm an addict alright! I'll do whatever it takes to get my fix! Including skip out on sleep! =) Happy friday, and i hope you all are safe with the weather!Here is a definitive guide to dos and don'ts for the first time movers. Go through these comical tips and do the opposite.
Funny First Time Moving Dos and Don'ts
One of the biggest challenges of any move is safely packing and transporting glassware such as cups, dishes, bowls and etc. These items are very fragile and can easily break during a move.
How to Pack Dishes and Glassware
If you are planning
There are many ways to cut on final expenses. The key to relocating on a low budget is to get organized before the move. Here are some helpful tips on how to trim moving costs.
How to Move on Low Budget
Packing heavier items for a move is little more difficult than small items. Learn how to package heavy items and get them ready to ship. Pilot Knob, Missouri - Local MoversPrior to purchasing a home, have it inspected by a professional. By doing this, you do not have to look for everything that needs to be replaced or fixed. Hiring an inspector is a great way to keep arguments about what needs to be fixed to a minimum..
leaf guards for rain gutters comes to home improvement, get creative and figure out what you are looking to accomplish ahead of time. Once you begin, you will be able to focus on accomplishing the real gritty work, as the design details are already accounted for. Get inspired by family, friends, home improvement shows and magazines..
Are you a homeowner that wants to better your living environment through some home improvements? If so, you have lots of company. You have just read some tips for making home improvement easier. It is our sincere hope that this article has imparted a wealth of information. Now start improving your home today!Last night I planned to arrive at 10:00 at the steps to begin my day of fishing. Well, my dad came in late last night and wanted to go as well, so we packed up the jon boat for an all day float. Today was one of the best days on the Caney that I've ever had.
We were floating idly in the water under the dam getting ready, and my dad was able to get in the water much faster being a bait fisherman :rolleyes: He made multiple casts with EVERYTHING that has worked for us- Garlic Powerbait, orange Powerbait, nightcrawlers, you name it. Remembering Dwayne's post earlier, I tied on a sz. 14 EHC in orange, and the usual sz. 18 black and silver zebra midge. On the first cast a trout hit the EHC in still water. I couldn't believe it. Mad props to Dwayne!
A few casts later I caught the first fish of the day- a FIESTY 4" rainbow :p He literally unhooked himself, and jumped out of the net. All this action before we even reached the steps! I caught this brown just after the steps, and had to take a picture for the Feb. Fish of the Month.
I'd say I caught a little over a dozen fish, all rainbows in the 4-12" range except for that brown. I caught more fish than my dad, but his were more quality:
The reason today was my best day is because I caught so many fish within a short stretch of time. I might have caught 1 or 2 after the first bend from the dam, other than that they were all on that main stretch. We were either catching fish and didn't have time for photos, or we were sitting on our numb hands!Interesting Stuff I’ve Read Recently: Halloween Edition
Candy corn, the Halloween staple, used to be a year-round penny candy. Great roundup of its history from Timeline. (Noting, I’m not a fan of candy corn at all. Although it was fascinating in terms of social history, reading this made me want to brush my teeth.)
Every year, the simple act of being a kid choosing a costume devolves into Boy Costumes and Girl Costumes. Gendered marketing makes me angry. Here’s the New York Times on Halloween costumes, armed with plenty of evidence that breaking out of circumscribed gender roles is a great idea for everybody. And yet, every Halloween, “girls” costumes get more sexualized, younger. Yuck.
Related: When I go to Halloween stores, I’m always amazed/horrified at the ingenuity of the Sexy Costume variants. This year’s crowning glory, click at your own risk:
And this one’s even worse
On to less scary topics, like dead bodies, blood, and rabies: BookRiot has an excellent roundup of grisly nonfiction. I have read, and enjoyed Stiff by Mary Roach, and I’m definitely adding the book about the Body Farm to my TBR pile.
Books on the Salem Witch Trials, courtesy of the NYPL. I haven’t read most of these, but I’m intrigued. I remember going to the museum in Salem when I was a kid, and being both fascinated and freaked out by it.NASA’s Mars Exploration Rover (MER) mission is an ongoing robotic house mission involving two Mars rovers, Spirit[1] and Alternative,[2] exploring the planet Mars. It started in 2003 with the sending of the 2 rovers: MER-A Spirit and MER-B Alternative—to discover the Martian floor and geology. Each rovers outlived their deliberate missions of ninety Martian photo voltaic days by far. MER-A Spirit was energetic till 2010. MER-B Alternative remains to be lively. The success of the 2 MERs led to the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) mission, sending a much bigger rover Curiosity in 2012.
The mission’s scientific goal was to seek for and characterize a variety of rocks and soils that maintain clues to previous water exercise on Mars. The mission is a part of NASA’s Mars Exploration Program, which incorporates three earlier profitable landers: the 2 Viking program landers in 1976 and Mars Pathfinder probe in 1997.
The overall price of constructing, launching, touchdown and working the rovers on the floor for the preliminary ninety-sol main mission was US$820 million.[4] For the reason that rovers have continued to operate past their preliminary ninety sol main mission, they’ve every obtained 5 mission extensions. The fifth mission extension was granted in October 2007, and ran to the top of 2009.[4][5] The whole price of the primary 4 mission extensions was $104 million, and the fifth mission extension is predicted to price no less than $20 million.
In July 2007, throughout the fourth mission extension, Martian mud storms blocked daylight to the rovers and threatened the power of the craft to assemble power via their photo voltaic panels, inflicting engineers to concern that one or each of them is likely to be completely disabled. Nonetheless, the mud storms lifted, permitting them to renew operations.
On Might 1, 2009, throughout its fifth mission extension, Spirit turned caught in comfortable soil on Mars.[7] After almost 9 months of makes an attempt to get the rover again on observe, together with utilizing check rovers on Earth, NASA introduced on January 26, 2010 that Spirit was being retasked as a stationary science platform. This mode would allow Spirit to help scientists in ways in which a cellular platform couldn’t, comparable to detecting “wobbles” within the planet’s rotation that may point out a liquid core.[8] Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) misplaced contact with Spirit after final listening to from the rover on March 22, 2010 and continued makes an attempt to regain communications lasted till Could 25, 2011, bringing the elapsed mission time to six years 2 months 19 days, or over 25 occasions the unique deliberate mission length.
In recognition of the huge quantity of scientific data amassed by each rovers, two asteroids have been named of their honor: 37452 Spirit and 39382 Alternative. The mission is managed for NASA by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which designed, constructed, and is working the rovers.
On January 24, 2014, NASA reported that present research by the remaining rover Alternative in addition to by the newer Mars Science Laboratory rover Curiosity will now be trying to find proof of historical life, together with a biosphere based mostly on autotrophic, chemotrophic and/or chemolithoautotrophic microorganisms, in addition to historic water, together with fluvio-lacustrine environments (plains associated to historical rivers or lakes) which will have been liveable.[10][11][12][13] The seek for proof of habitability, taphonomy (associated to fossils), and natural carbon on the planet Mars is now a major NASA goal.
The scientific aims of the Mars Exploration Rover mission are to:
Seek for and characterize a wide range of rocks and soils that maintain clues to previous water exercise. Specifically, samples sought embrace people who have minerals deposited by water-associated processes akin to precipitation, evaporation, sedimentary cementation, or hydrothermal exercise.
Decide the distribution and composition of minerals, rocks, and soils surrounding the touchdown websites.
Decide what geologic processes have formed the native terrain and influenced the chemistry. Such processes might embody water or wind erosion, sedimentation, hydrothermal mechanisms, volcanism, and cratering.
Carry out calibration and validation of floor observations made by Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter devices. It will assist decide the accuracy and effectiveness of assorted devices that survey Martian geology from orbit.
Seek for iron-containing minerals, and to determine and quantify relative quantities of particular mineral sorts that include water or had been fashioned in water, comparable to iron-bearing carbonates.
Characterize the mineralogy and textures of rocks and soils to find out the processes that created them.
Seek for geological clues to the environmental situations that existed when liquid water was current.
Assess whether or not these environments had been conducive to life.
Over the last 20 years, NASA will conduct a number of missions to deal with whether or not life ever existed on Mars. The search begins with figuring out whether or not the Martian surroundings was ever appropriate for all times. Life, as people perceive it, requires water, therefore the historical past of water on Mars is crucial to discovering out if the Martian surroundings was ever conducive to life. Though the Mars Exploration Rovers shouldn’t have the power to detect life instantly, they provide vital info on the habitability of the setting within the planet’s historical past.Kyaing Tone Mission
Pastor says, “We need harvesters as well as barn for storing crops. Help us with your prayer to accomplish Church building.” Kyaing Tone is a border city in the eastern part of Shan State. The people living there are Chinese, Shan, Akha and Lahu. Most of them are framers, some traders and some merchants.
Apart from Full Gospel Mission, there are two other Churches in Kyaing Tone. Pastor RamBik and the team started Kyaing Tone Mission in June, 2010. Within the first five months, twelve people accepted Christ and were baptized. The people who got saved from 2011 to 2014 are as follows: in 2011 – 8 people, in 2013 – 7 people and in 2014 – 4 people respectively. It makes up 31 people in total. There are two mission fields in Kyaing Tone: 12 households in the mountain mission and 8 households in Kyaing Tone.
They have Gospel and fellowship programmes twice a week and Home Cells on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. On the first 3 days of every month and on every Friday, they have fasting and prayer meeting. The Church also conducts two seminars every year. They started laying foundation of the Church building in December 2013 by the faithful partnership of Oak Sin and her family. The building is planned to be two-storeyed tall and about 35 feet in width. However, the Church building process has been postponed due to financial difficulty.
Paster RamBik and his wife, Kyi Kyi Mar, have two children – Sonia and BawiBik. In addition to pastor and his wife, Phillipu, Na Shaw and ENayLa are also ministering in the Kyaing Tone Mission.
Pastor says, “We need harvesters as well as barn for storing crops. Help us with your prayer to accomplish Church building.” God is calling you to be a part of his ministry.We were ask by Van Coke Kartel to design their 4th studio Album - Bloed, Sweet & Trane (Blood Sweat & Tears). We created a 3D die-cut booklet to hide and expose different pages. When this 3D die-cut is folded flat it reveals the front cover. We liked the product so much that we created an animation to show all the sections in motion. Enjoy.
Van Coke Kartel - Bloed Sweet & Trane
Album Art For Van Coke Kartel's 4th Studio albumThe colossal head of Imperator Caesar Divi F. Augustus in the Court of the Pigna ( So named for the giant bronze Pine-cone at one end of the yard ) at the Vatican in Rome, Italy. I could not find any background info beyond the name to my dismay.
Augustus on Wikipedia
Born into an old, wealthy equestrian branch of the Plebeian Octavii family, Augustus was adopted posthumously by his maternal great-uncle Gaius Julius Caesar in 44 BC between themselves and ruled as military dictators.[note 3]"). The resulting constitutional framework became known as the Principate, the first phase of the Roman Empire. for more than two centuries. Augustus dramatically enlarged the Empire, annexing Egypt, Dalmatia, Pannonia, Noricum, and Raetia, expanded possessions in Africa, expanded into Germania, and completed 14 AD at the age of 75. He may have died from natural causes, though there were unconfirmed rumors that his wife Livia poisoned him. He was succeeded as Emperor by his adopted son (also stepson and former son-in-law) Tiberius
Augustus on WikipediaThis is a continuation of the following blogs
Emotional Turmoil Experience – Self Corrections – An Artists Journey To Life: Day 443
The Fear of Going From Heaven to Hell – An Artists Journey To Life: Day 441
When and as I see myself starting to “think back” within myself about my past jobs and in this start ‘seeing’ myself again doing such a job as a future projection I stop and I take a breath and I bring myself back here. I realize that I have created a negative association within myself towards my past jobs and that I have also created a positive association to doing other types of jobs where the point here is to realize that such positive and negative associations was created within the context of my pre-programming as my preferences, likes, dislikes based on conditioning from my environment. I see that I cannot trust such programming and so in such moments when I see myself starting to think about past jobs and future jobs within the context of positive and negative energy/associations/charges, I stop and I breath and I bring myself back here. I commit myself to assist and support myself to work on practical living in my day to day reality where I place my focus on what is here in my world that I can and am able to practical direct in the most effective way possible essentially here assisting and supporting myself to rather than think and participate in my mind about positive and negative judgements towards work/jobs to instead Direct myself to Live HERE in the Physical in my current reality moment, assessing each moment within the context of being practical and Self Directive from the perspective of utilizing each moment as an opportunity to assist and support myself to become more practical in my living and assisting and supporting myself to make decisions and live in a way that is best for “Emotional Turmoil Experience – Self Corrections (Part 2) – An Artists Journey To Life: Day 444”
Pingback: Emotional Turmoil Experience – Self Corrections (Part 3) – An Artists Journey To Life | An Artists Journey To LifeUncle
Bill Warner
Wal-Mart
used to advertise that they "bought American" wherever
they could. At the same time, they were expanding their China operations
by setting up a fake distributor called P.R.E.L., whose main job
was making sure shoppers did not connect Wal-Mart with their oriental
suppliers. American suppliers went out of business, as you cannot
compete with 18-cent-per hour wages. The factories Wal-Mart dealt
with were told they had to sell their goods cheaply, so they started
driving THEIR workers harder and paying them less. Soon, Wal-Mart
decided to start their own factories, which allowed them to reduce
workers wages even further. 60% of the largest factories in the
world belong to Wal-Mart. That, plus the 3,400 Wal-Mart stores in
the U.S. makes it a bit like the 2,000 lb. gorilla. It gets its
way, and workers get less pay.
Now, we all
like low prices, but there are hidden costs all the way from having
to pay for the public assistance programs Wal-Mart associates are
often forced into, to whole factories shutting down and putting
people out of work as Wal-Mart moves their operations overseas.
Pretty soon, there will be so many underpaid and unemployed workers
in this country that the only place they will be able to afford
to shop will be Wal-Mart. Henry Ford, back in the early days of
the automobile, raised his workers pay to $5 a day, more than anyone
else was paying, so they could afford to buy his cars. He got rich
with that philosophy, and his workers were better off. I wonder
if the policy of paying your workers too little to live on in this
day and age is going to someday come back and bite Wal-Mart? People
without money can't buy things, even at low prices. Would the economy
of this country improve if each of Wal-Mart's 1,200,000 employees
had an extra ten bucks in their pay envelope each week? Let's see,
that would amount to roughly to 12 million bucks of buying power
pumped back into the economy.
Everyone is
affected by Wal-Mart in many ways they don't even realize. When
a city pledges a couple of million bucks worth of infrastructure
(roads, water line, sewage lines) plus tax breaks, that money is
not available for schools or fire stations.
I wonder if
former garment workers, who lost their decent jobs when the work
went to China, can make it on what they earn part-time at Wal-Mart.
I wonder what they would think selling $15.00 shirts made in Shanghai
for which the garment worker was paid 18 cents?
One of the
points made in the film, "Wal-Mart--The High Cost of Low Price"
was that in their cost-cutting, sometimes the whole community is
directly affected for the worse. At one store by a river, bags of
fertilizer and pesticides, some of them broken, were piled into
the parking lot without adequate cover (costs money) from the rain.
They leaked poisons into the river from which the townspeople got
their drinking water. In other towns, un-patrolled store parking
lots, even the ones which had cameras had and have high crime rates
including theft, kidnapping, rape, and even murder. All because
it would cost Wal-Mart money to hire a motorized patrol officer.
Thank goodness Porterville is not one of these!
The family
of Sam Walton, Wal-Mart's founder, is the richest in the world.
They are worth 90 billion dollars. Wal-Mart has given 1% of its
wealth to charity. That may sound like a lot until you note that
Bill Gates has given 58% of his wealth to charity! In all fairness,
Wal-Mart did give $6,000 to an employee emergency benefit fund.
While we're talking money, let's note that the company CEO, Lee
Scott, makes $27,000,000 dollars a year while the average "associate"
makes less than $14,000. The next time you hear a Wal-Mart commercial
telling you that "people come first," you will certainly
know which people they are talking about.
The next time
you buy something at Wal-Mart made in one of their Chinese factories,
think of the person who spent a 14-hr day in the factory to make
$3.00 a day. Think of the Wal-Mart store employee who has to be
on public assistance to make up for what Wal-Mart is not paying.
Think of the 6 public relations firms they have in Washington lobbying
the Congressmen they bought to "keep people first."
Visit us at
ProgressiveWritersBloc.com.
Information
Website designed
by DavidChandlerA great feature on my longtime friend and mad techno genius, Alland Byallo, who graces us with a new minimal tech-house DJ set.
from Noice! Podcasts:
from Noice! Podcasts:
Alland Byallo (KONTROL, Nightlight Music, Forward, SF)
Earlier this year we had the whole Kontrol crew on our radio show. this week we welcome back one of SF's Finest. with the new Album "Brick by Brick" set to be released shortly, we expect great things from this Cat. without further ado, please welcome back: Alland Byallo.
Alland is one of the busiest men in the San Francisco techno community. Having produced electronic music for over 10 years and DJing for nearly as long All.. n 2008 Alland played a fantastic DJ set on the Beatport Stage at the Detroit Electronic Music Festival (DEMF Movement), a DJ performance at Decibel 2008, and played a successful European tour including gigs at such world famous clubs.
01: Kenny Leaven - Odyssey (dOP Remix) [Elenore]
02: Tuccillo - Panorama (Kalabrese Remix) [Delusions of Grandeur]
03: Tolga Fidan & Seuil - Galata [Eklo]
04: Volta & Salvatore Freda - Patatas Madras [Freerange]
05: Luciano - Oenologue [Cadenza]
06: Shenoda - Rage [Fresh Meat]
07: Ribn - Cottbus [Ovum]
08: Dustin Zahn - Wet Skin [Mindshake]
09: Brendon Moeller - The Boost [Connaisseur]
10: Carl Craig - Angel (Jerome Sydenham Vocal Dub) [Planet E]
11: Frozen Border - 2.1 [Frozen Border]
12: Nick Chacona - Time Bandit (Hideo Kobayashi Beats Mix) [Statra]
13: Bernard Badie ft. Dajae - Tonight (Git Down Tonight Dub) [Tony Records]
14: Miss Mee ft. Jiney & Mizzy - Surprise Me (Lunar Disco Dub) [Brique Rouge]
15: Francois K. - Mindspeak (Danny T's Hard & Soul Mix) [Wave Music]
Outro: Hollis P. Monroe - I'm Lonely (DJ Dozia Remix) [Stickman]
ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller wins 'Middle East Consultancy of the Year' at Gold Standard Awards.
Sunil John, Chief Executive Officer of ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller, said: “The UAE’s success with Dubai becoming the first city in MENASA (Middle East, North Africa..
In-depth results from the 6th Annual ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller Arab Youth Survey, including survey highlights and a white paper in Arabic and English, as well as findings from all previous five editions of the survey are available onAll,
I just read this post from Rachel Lucas, and felt inspired to give a response. Although I agree with her on many points here, I must respectfully disagree on a couple of the finer points of her blog entry, and felt that it would be longer than would be courteously posted as a response on her blog. So, here we go…
Firstly, I would like to agree whole-heartedly that NO ONE needs to feel obligated to find a mate in life in order to be a whole person. No person, nor any thing can make another person happy. Happiness is fleeting in this world. One must choose to enjoy where they are when they are, or be miserable. No matter your gender, sexual persuasions, race, creed, color, etc., if you decide that you will be miserable because of your circumstances, you will be. Once those circumstances change, you will find yourself still miserable, because you will be reaching towards imperfect things or people to try to achieve perfection. Einstein’s theory of relativity can be applied to speed to determine that it is impossible for an object of significant mass to achieve the speed of light. Therefore, light speed is like perfection of life, in that we may approach it, but we will never achieve it in this reality. Therefore, I believe that I am agreeing with Rachel that those who get paired up and committed to another because they are settling out of desperation are destined for misery. No one should be in a hurry to find someone to marry.
Secondly, I also agree that the most lasting attractive parts of a woman are her mind and her heart. Frankly, I’ve met women with the most beautiful faces, and the sexiest, tightest bodies that were bitches, and it made the entire effect of physical attraction completely crumble. It’s like having a car with no engine, or a colorful fruit that is rotten and worm-eaten on the inside. They may look good at first glance, but their total uselessness destroys any physical beauty that one sees at first glance.
Now, I will tell you why I disagree with her. In this blog entry, she says,
Sure, some women might feel panic and desperation when they turn 30 or 35 without a husband, even if they don’t want kids, because they’re worried they won’t be able to get a man simply because they don’t look as good as they did in their 20s. You know what their problem is? They have nothing else to offer.
I’ll admit that sometimes I whine about getting older. I’ll say something to Rupert about not wanting to age, not liking the changes in my face. He snaps me out of it every time by reminding me of what I already know.
Women who should worry about losing their looks are women who haven’t bothered to develop an appealing personality. They haven’t invested any effort in educating themselves and having something to say. They have no sense of humor and they’re superficial. Often, they haven’t managed to find a way to earn enough money to take care of themselves.
You can only get away with that when you’re young and beautiful. Some men will put up with a vacuum between the ears if you offer what they consider an acceptable alternative – being hot. Once you stop being hot, you’re screwed, because you’ve got nothing to counterbalance your shitty personality.
I’m going to have to call bullshit on your for several points here, Rachel Lucas. First of all, getting older does not mean getting less attractive. Sure, it’s easy to be hot for an eighteen to twenty-six year old girl. All the pieces stay where they are supposed to, the skin is tight, and the metabolism runs faster. But, an attractive 40-year old is exponentially more stunning than an attractive twenty-something for that very reason. I’m not going to use that old cliche about women being like wine, but when a woman is well-aged, beautiful, and in shape, she shows that she has enough character and intelligence to take care of herself and preserve what God gave her. There is truly no higher mark of beauty than a few silver hairs and a couple of well-placed wrinkles. Beautiful women showing age are SEXY. In my home town, there are many women that have spent way too much time under the knife. These “ladies” are commonly referred to as “the trophy wives,” and are spending lots of money to regain the glory days, or some crap like that. They look terrible. What they look like is a 45-year old woman trying to look like she is still in her twenties. Try this; look good the age you are. Don’t look like a 45-year old trying to look like your 20-year old daughter, just look like a hot 45-year old. It’s tons more attractive.
As much as I hate the stereotypes about what “all women” want, I equally hate the stereotypes about what “all men” want. The idea that every man is more interested in looks than anything else is BULLSHIT. It’s simply not true. I’m a perfectly average-looking female and I’ve had four serious relationships, all with high-quality, good-looking men, and every one of them liked me more than they liked better-looking women who were interested in them because I’m smart and because I’m not crazy. My lack of big boobs and perfect face haven’t hindered my man-catching adventures in the least, because smart men want women they can stand to be around outside of the bedroom.
I agree and disagree here.
First of all, breasts are a waste of time. Granted, every once in a blue moon, I see a woman with stunning, well-shaped, large breasts, and I must admit that it is impressive. But they are so rare that they are hardly worth the effort of pursuing. They are not that impressive. Besides that, when I sought a mate, I was looking for a woman crazy enough to come on all of my wild adventures with me. Forget all the action shows that have Pamela Anderson-looking women in them. It’s awful hard to repel, and go spelunking while hauling a pair of D+’s. A woman’s chest is beautiful with little to no breasts. From a reptilian standpoint, the presence of large breasts signals that this woman will be able to nurse the babies. Guess what? A woman can be as flat as a wall, and they will still work. They are not that impressive. Period. I’m glad that my wife is sized the way she is, in that as she ages she will not sag, develop related back problems, and she isn’t dragging giant people udders around with her all the time. I was looking for a partner, not a dairy factory.
As far as the “perfect face” is concerned, it doesn’t exist. There are some that are close, but it really is unfair that society and the media makes every woman feel like they need to look like Lucy Liu, Jeri Ryan, Angelina Jolie, etc. et al in order to be beautiful. I will try to put this delicately. In my experience, the vast majority of women are beautiful. Most of them simply don’t know it. On a daily basis, I see women who seem to be deliberately sabotaging their looks on a subconscious level with bad glasses frames, baggy clothing, poor hair choices, and the like. If I had a dollar for every woman that I have seen that I could identify the one thing that she was doing to make herself not look gorgeous, I would be a millionaire. Why this happens is a mystery to me, but I like to chock it up to the fact that we live in a fallen world full of damaged people. Damaged people have a hard time doing their best, and perpetuate the condition of the damaged world.
I guess that what I’m trying to say is that yes, Rachel, who you are is far more important that what you look like, now and from now on. But, don’t give up on looking good, because it does have it’s limited merits. Beauty and sex appeal on a wonderful, intelligent woman is like icing on the cake. Chances are, Rupert sees you as a whole lot hotter than you see yourself, and his perspective is likely closer to reality than yours. Women in general (here’s another generalization) have bad self-images. I wish they did not, but it was a bad self-image that caused Gottlieb’s article, and it is bad self-image that causes women to say that they aren’t that attractive. I think you should ask Rupert if he thinks you are pretty and sexy and why. I think that if you really listen, you’ll be surprised.
Very nice dear. I think you are right too. Many more women would be beautiful if they would just let themselves.
Amen, Brother, A-freakin-men.
I’ve seen some absou-tivly amazing looking older women and half of that beauty, to me at least, comes from the fact that they aren’t giggly, bubble-headed 20 somethings without a thought in their head.
Course, I’m lucky, my wife is young and has both brains and beauty and she puts up with my extreme geekyness.Not sure? Once you've identified the error, troubleshoot it to find specific solutions for it. Here are the steps to rebuild the BCD: Boot from the Windows install disc Click on Repair your computer after selecting proper language, time and keyboard input. A Refresh or a Reset PC usually fixes this problem.
Last edited by lmaneke; 01 Feb 2015 at 00:28. It's also available for Windows XP and Windows Server.Read more at Windows Recovery Disks. All images used are for illustrative purposes only. Using a recovery drive created on another PC likely isn't a good idea.
Once EasyRE is running, choose the "Automated Repair" option and click Continue.Choose "Automated Repair" in Easy Recovery Essentials After EasyRE scans your computer's drives, identify and select the drive Applicable Systems This Windows-related knowledgebase article applies to the following operating systems: Windows Vista (all editions) Windows 7 (all editions) Windows 8 (all editions) Windows 8.1 (all editions) Windows 10 (all Techno Math 1,257,858 views 7:41 UEFI Change Boot Order Tips - Duration: 5:45. Now type select Volume=N and press Enter, where N is the Volume number you noted earlier.
You can download Reimage Plus by Clicking Here Once you boot to start-up repair, and see the "System Recover Options" choose Command prompt. Once the command prompt’s black window appears, type the following If no specific solutions will fix the identified error, follow these instructions: Fix with Easy Recovery Essentials Fix #2: Remove peripherals and hardware Fix #3: Rebuild the BCD Fix #4: Set About Press Copyright Creators Advertise Developers +YouTube Terms Privacy Policy & Safety Send feedback Test new features Loading... 0xc0000098 Windows 8 If yes, then move on to the next solution.
Use one that is 4 gig's or more. You need full version of Emergency Boot Kit to actually write changes to the disk, but it's recommended to try demo version to make surethere are no hardware incompatibilities. 2) Boot This post will show you more details about the Advanced Startup Options. Watch Queue Queue __count__/__total__ Find out whyClose Fix "Your PC needs to be repaired" error using a Windows DVD furulevi Loading...
Select volume 2 Now we need to assign a letter to it. File Boot Bcd Status 0xc0000098 You can download Easy Recovery Essentials from here. Use EasyBCD or Dual-Boot Repair to repair your BCD file. Maybe there are other people on this site that may have another solution, but with everything I've said, that's the only way I know how to do it.
If problems persist I would delete it completely and then for any future Linux Dual Boots use separate HD's booted only via BIOS, or Dual Boot - Windows 7 and Linux I've been able to get files off a hard drive going that route, however, that method would not work in UEFI mode. Error Code 0xc000000f Windows 10 Select the Windows installation drive, which is usually C:\, and click Next Choose Command Prompt when the System Recovery Options box appears Write the following command and press Enter afterwards: bootrec File:\bcd Error Code 0xc0000098 A device driver that's incompatible with your Windows system can cause this error too.
I'm Kevin. Get more information on this at TechNet. Your cache administrator is webmaster. Restart you computer and see if any of these suggestions have helped you resolve the issue. 0xc0000098 Windows 7
Once the process is complete, EasyRE will report its findings. Sign in to add this to Watch Later Add to Loading playlists... Cause 2: An incompatible hard drive driver is installed Another possible cause of this error is a device driver that is incompatible with the current hard drive. Choose 'Reboot' in the main menu of Emergency Boot Kit: Please note: Because BCD (Boot Configuration Data) was recreated from scratch, you may need to adjust boot timeout, menu order etc
Rating is available when the video has been rented. The Windows Boot Configuration Data File Does Not Contain A Valid Os Entry Windows 7 Loading... Press Enter to try again Press F8 for Startup Settings Press Esc for UEFI Firmware Settings Causes of this Error The most common causes of this error are: Cause 1: BCD
Attached Thumbnails My System Specs You need to have JavaScript enabled so that you can use this ... Paul's Hardware 1,324,974 views 11:33 How to FIX Error 0xc00000e9 - Duration: 3:47. Cause 3: System files are damaged The system files may also become corrupt or damaged for the same reasons. Your Pc Needs To Be Repaired 0xc000000e Type this command: select partition x Where x is the partition that must be active.
Sign in to add this video to a playlist. Britec09 61,747 views 4:40 Fix Your PC/Device needs to be repaired-Boot Error Code 0x0000098 - Duration: 1:13. Sign in 920 257 Don't like this video? this contact form Saurabh gaikwad 149,580 views 7:57 Automatic Repair Loop ~ Not Fixed [Check Description for Advice] - Duration: 5:39.
OS windows 8 Quote 01 Feb 2015 #2 lmaneke View Profile View Forum Posts Member Marion Posts : 111 Windows 8.1 Pro with Media Center Hi, I'm not fully familiar with If the laptop is under warranty, you may have to call them, and send it to them for repair, or send it to a computer technician that could possibly help you. You can download Easy Recovery Essentials from here. You can even see this message when you are upgrading to a higher version of Windows.
Loading... Use one that is 4 gig's or more. When turning it back on it started to do an Automatic Repair but after... BSOD After another, now laptop is not booting to windows in BSOD Crashes and Debugging I don't know how to explain this because obviously, I'm a computer dummy.Not Venice October 12, 2015 ~ travelsandtomes Bruges, Belgium. October 10, 2015. Advertisements Share this:FacebookGoogleTwitterEmailPinterestTumblrLike this:Like Loading... Related
6 thoughts on “Not Venice”
Hoping you’ll do a post on Bruges and Brussels? We are heading there in December for the markets!
Jules
My only time in Brussels was this summer when I took my daughter for a One Direction concert–looks like a lovely city, but the trip was dictated by 4 teenage girls, so spent our entire time at the concert stadium. (Everyone has their own priorities!) We’ve actually talked about going to Bruges at Christmas too–it was so lovely that we need a trip back soon! Will try to post more info for you in the days ahead. And thanks for reading/viewing!
Aww thanks so much! Would love some insider tips for Bruges. I’ve heard it is lovely! Take care, J
interesting photo! did you do the canal boat trip? it’s great!
The boats looked great, but we passed–one of my kids was coming down with a cough (that turned into the flu quickly), so we stayed on land where we could duck into cozy cafes, chocolate shops, waffle shops,etc, and stay warm. Next time, we try the boats!
I’m sure they enjoyed the waffle and chocolate shops:)O&M:
With lowering tariffs, the O&M of the plant can determine the overall profitability of the plant and can impact the project IRRs significantly. Our team operates and maintains solar power plants, offers monthly reporting on generation and activities, provides project commissioning expertise along with developing mechanism to retrieve and manage generation data.
• Preventive maintenance
• Planned Maintenance
• Maintenance schedule.Patent Rules.
- Date modified:Last week I started a low calorie diet. I've done low calorie diets before and it worked for me, so with my brother's wedding not too far away, I figured it was time to try something! What I'm doing is keeping track of my calories through an app on my phone called "S Health." I signed up, entered my information and it basically told me that I wasn't going to eat more then 1500 calories a day.
After googling and searching on pinterest, I got a list of meals, snacks and drinks to help me stay in check and still enjoy the foods I love. What I decided to do to help myself was to pack the veggies/fruits for my shakes in zip-lock bags for each day. That way I can just grab, toss and blend before heading off to work each morning. This leave no room for excuses of running late in the mornings.
I added a little twist to my shakes...Vitamin Water Zero! They have a good source of vitamins and they added a little more flavor to the shakes, so I just decided to try it.
Fruit Shake Mix
1 cup of spinach
1/3-1/2 cup of Blueberries
1/2 of a Banana
1/3 cup of Vitamin Water Zero
1 cup of Spinach
1/3-1/2 cup of Strawberries
1/2 of a Banana
1/3 cup of Vitamin Water Zero
Ready to store!
The shake is around 130 calories (according to my app).
I drink one every morning for breakfast and it keep me satisfied until lunch!
I drink one every morning for breakfast and it keep me satisfied until lunch!
My Ninja has a single serve cup where I can blend the shake and add the drinking lid to take on the go with me. I also have a Sharper Imagine personal blender that cost $20 from Marshall's and it works pretty good. In case your looking for a cheaper option for a single serve/personal blender, any $20 will work fine.Just.
Wednesday, March 26, 2008
Ever feel so sick you could die?
Just when you don't think things could get worse... they do. Which proves that it really doesn't pay to think.
10 comments:
Bless your sick little heart. I will say a prayer for you. I'm glad your hubby is helpful, when mamas' get sick life can go down hill pretty darn quickly.
Praying for you, dear one. May the time of rest give you strength for each day.
Crazy Urgent Care people. Some of them have just two scripts they write: Z pack or Zyrtec. You drew the short straw. So glad your real doctor knew how to treat you. Hope you have a speedy recovery. Praying for your sweet hubby and Hunter, too.
Sending love and hugs!
Poor girl. Hang in there. If I lived closer I'd bring you a casserole!
Life just stops for weeks like this, don't they? I'm so sorry for all you are going thru...praying.
I'll continue to pray. But in defense of the urgent care people - bronchitis and pneumonia are often made worse by allergies and it is the season.
I'm so sorry to hear how sick all of you have been, GiBee. Yeah, I've been that sick before and I know how miserable it is. It's even worse when everyone in the house is sick.
I kinda sorta understand the allergy medicine - I think it has to do with the histamine and how it clears your head out, but I might be wrong about that.
I hope you all get better really soon.
I've been on a break and now catching up! I will definately be praying!! My oh my what you've been through!!
And as for urgent care... UGH! Remember when my daughter ended up in the hospital literally staring death in the face needing emergent surgery? We had taken her to an urgent care where we were vacationing with her symptoms and they diagnosed a bladder infection and prescribed antibiotics???
Being in the health care profession myself I must admit I'm somewhat embarrassed and ashamed!!...
Praying you are all quickly on the road to recovery!
Well, it's Friday and I pray you are better. Wish I could bring you dinner tonight. Ready my post today ...
HUGS!
Wow, Gibee I've been really out of the loop for the past few weeks and I'm just getting caught up on things. Sorry to hear you (and the family) have all been so sick. I pray that the Lord will restore your health so you can serve him and bring him Glory. -W.S.
This is my first time reading your blog and amazingly enough, I am suffering from pneumonia at this very moment, too, also after being misdiagnosed at my local ER. We don't have an Urgent Care place in our town, so when doctor's offices are closed, the only choice we have is the ER and it is terrible.
They told me I did not have pneumonia and my influenza test was negative, so just go home and wait out the virus that I had.
Two days later I could hardly catch my breath and my doctor said I HAD tested positive for influenza and that I DID have pneumonia.
I think I understand what you're going through...Pink Paddock Store
Kylie Pickett is, as she says, “mad on stationery. I’ve always had a love affair for anything paper!” From her rural property in Victoria, she designs beautiful paper goods under the name Pink Paddock Store, and will be bringing them to Handmade for the fist time on 10 & 11 June. We asked her about the business, and even managed to sneak a wonderful Winter recipe as well.
Tell us about your business
Hi, Im Kylie and I am the face behind Pink Paddock Store. I have fun designing stationery and operate my business from my home in Echuca, Victoria. I am a mum to three young children and I have a wonderful husband who is incredibly supportive of my business. I love colour, pattern and texture and hope this resonates through our stationery collection. Our house is often complete chaos and I’m not very organised (blame my kids and lack of sleep!!!) but have always loved the tradition of letter writing and sending lovely mail. Having a stash of cards at home makes it so much easier to pop a lovely note in the post or attached to a food parcel, and you are always guaranteed to make someone smile.
Along with over 100 card designs, we have A4 prints, gift tags, notecards, A4 planners, A5 notepads and wrapping paper, all of which is available online at or at one of our fabulous stockists around Australia.
I love having a rural based business and knowing that my products are proudly designed and made in Australia. I also love travelling the countryside and meeting customers at market. It’s the best feedback you can possibly ask for and connecting with those who also share the love of paper goods and snail mail!
What made you apply to Handmade?
I’ve heard so many wonderful things about Handmade Canberra and the quality of makers, so I’m thrilled to be going and being amongst all the fun.
What are you looking forward to most about your trip?
My last visit to Canberra was about 25 years ago on a Yr 10 School Excursion, so I’m very excited about returning to Canberra to explore it as a grown up this time around. I am travelling with my good friend Emma from Blossom & Beau and so no doubt there will be some wining and dining outside of our time at the market. Most of all, I’m excited about coming to Handmade Canberra for the first time. It’s always so lovely to meet new faces, both customers and makers, and to see what other fabulous products and wares will be there.
What’s the best way to keep warm in Winter?
First thing on my list is definitely an open fire….just looking at one and the smell is enough to warm the soul. Along with an open fire, a delicious homemade soup (I’m not fussy but love a good minestrone!), a chunky knit, chocolate (of course), a warm mohair blanket….and my family to cuddle….perfect winter warmers!
Do you have a seasonal recipe to share with us?
I LOVE cooking so although I don’t make or sell a food product I would love to share one of our favourite family meals that is delicious all year round and super easy.
SLOW COOKED PORK BELLY WITH QUINCE AIOLI
4 cloves garlic, crushed
1 tbsp fennel seeds
1-2 tbsp salt flakes
olive oil
2 kg pork belly, skin scored
Preheat oven to 220ºC.
Mix garlic, fennel seeds and salt with 2 tbsp oil. Rub over the skin of the pork, massaging it all over. Set aside to allow the flavours to penetrate into the meat.
Place pork into a deep baking tray skin side up. Add enough water to come halfway up the pork. Cook for 30 minutes until the skin crackles.
Lower heat to 180ºC and cook for a further 2-2.5 hours. Water will evaporate during cooking – add more as required.
Once cooked, remove pork from the oven. If the skin needs to be crisper, remove using a knife and place it on a tray and under a grill until it crackles. Once crisp, cut into chunks.
Shred the meat with a fork and serve along side some roasted potato wedges, a fennel and apple slaw and yummy quince aioli.
Quince Aioli
3-4 cloves garlic, peeled
250g quince paste
2/3 cups olive oil
1/4-1/3 cup lemon juice
salt and pepper to taste
Peel and crush the garlic. Place in a large bowl with quince paste and mash well with a fork. Using a whisk (or a food processor), add the oil, whisking it in well. Dont worry if its a bit lumpy at this stage. Once all the oil is added, add lemon juice, salt and pepper and whisk until smooth. The aioli will keep refrigerated for up to 6 weeks. Best served at room temperature. I’ve also substituted fig or pear paste and tastes just as good!
(Recipe from In the Kitchen by Allan Campion & Michelle Curtis).As always, travel is a time to experience oneself and one's family from a different vantage point. Travel challenges (delays, mad dashes through long airports, illness, less than optimal weather) bringing into relief less savory aspects of personality and skill (or lack of) in handling stress. Yet even when tempers flared, patience crumbled and immune systems weakened, there was a spiraling back in to each other for comfort and recalibration. It was an opportunity to fine tune my "to do" list when it comes to inner work and adjusts in family relationships. At one point I did utter "can we all try to be little kinder to each other?" Remembering that kindness begins with myself ... I see much opportunity for growth as we land back home and look towards strengthening communication and care.
But what I am wanting to share ... and to unravel for myself ... is a tale of pilgrimage and the blessings that came by way of a goat. Well, several goats ... donkeys ... a miniature horse ... and falling cats ...
It was no accident that our family vacation had us landing in Portland the day before Pino Pie Day at Apifera Farm. I have dreamed of visiting what has been a magical place in my heart and imagination. The blog, the books, the videos and artwork of Katherine Dunn have been inspirational to me as I find myself giving expression to my deepest dreams through my home, my work, my life. For me, Katherine's work - her art but more importantly the Farm and the resident Misfits - blend my own childhood fantasies with real possibilities for crafting My Life.
So the journey to Apifera and Pie Day was a true pilgrimage on my part: a journey or search of moral or spiritual significance ... to be healed or have questions answered.
In my case, to uncover the question - how may I fully embrace this life I've been gifted? And then to be given a glimpse of what is possible.
I am not ready to name what remains unformed in my heart and mind. Right now, all I know is I see my path in a bit more detail and with more conviction on my part to stay the course. And to let flower the wildest and deepest and truest of my heart's yearnings, gathering up the dreams from way way way back and seeing the possibility for them to take root and thrive.
So here is a mini version of the journey, should you be fortunate enough to make it one day ... it begins with following a path, simple is best ...
Reading the signs ...
Being on the look out for the hidden messages, or the ones lower down ...
Availing oneself of what is offered ...
Receiving it ...
Pausing frequently for gratitude ...
Indulging in the sweetness...
In its many forms ...
Of course, The Man articulated what I know to be true:
At its heart, the journey of each life is a pilgrimage,
through unforeseen sacred places that enlarge and enrich the soul.
through unforeseen sacred places that enlarge and enrich the soul.
I left Apifera my heart and creative spirit enriched and enlarged.
Magic is all around us, but most importantly it rests within. It patiently awaits our discovery and the act of transplanting it into the world for all to see and in turn be inspired.
Fittingly, as I was writing this post, I heard a gentle thump on my doorstep. It was the postman leaving me my fresh-off-the-press copy of Donkey Dream: a love story of Pie & Farm. Opening the book, I smile upon seeing the handwritten inscription "Keep Dreaming."
Operation: Dream Big has been awoken. All I needed was a kiss ... my handsome prince being a dapper goat ... with a few burps added for good measure. Blessed be. Blessed I am.
Never stop dreaming. For when any creature stops dreaming their wings shrivel and their hearts begin to slowly retract. Their hooves, feet or shoes become heavy, and they cease to see the beauty of their own reflection in the ice covered pond.
-Katherine Dunn, from Donkey Dream
Thank you Katherine, thank you Misfits of Apifera for the much-needed nourishment of dreams, spirit, & heart. And infinite gratitude for the dear friends who traveled with us that day, making it even more magical and fulfilling.
love, just love
oh my goodness...i love, love, LOVE this. so much. oh, so very, very much. i can't even tell you how much.
xoxoxox
Thanks for attending for me. I haven't been able to be there yet, but I will some day soon. You have articulated my feelings in a way I probably wouldn't have been able. Lovely photos too.
Wonderful, sweet words, lovely pictures. Everything I imagine Pie Day to be-and so much more! Thank you!
Brings warmth to my heart. Hooray for you!!! xoxoThe website is up. Well, it has been up for like, two weeks. But I'm bad with letting people know, sorry Ta Da. Take a look, the clothing is really chic, really nice quality. Like, the first photo is my favorite; Really basic fuchsia top with a structured pencil skirt (refer to lookbook image). And the grey dress above is leather in the front and knit in the back. So great.
these photos are stunning - and if it's an indication of what's in the store.. WOW. taking a look now! x
I like the directional silhouette of both outfit proposals. later, FashionLifeCoach
first of all: you, my dear, are gorgeous. second: i love on to the next one... the music video is great, albeit a little creepy. thirdly: do you speak japanese? (referring to the post below)
sincerely,
YCM
Gorgeous photos.
I love the second dress....really pretty. The sleeves are chic.
The second dress I am completely loving! (Though I do have a slight bias towards anything leather).
And how awesome is knit back? I used to design tops with knit backs at my last job.
loveatfirstblush.blogspot.com
Your blog is unique. I love the photos and your style. cute cute cuet!!!!
x
loving the post title! so funny!!!! gotta love a girl with a sense of humor--and style to boot!
p.s. thanks sooooo much for all of your sweet comments!!
xx
ashley <3
Who is the model? She is gorgeous. And in gorgeous symmetries and fabric. LOVEit.
you look stunning chelsey :D
did you take these photos for some of brands?Here's a photo from Priest Point Park in Olympia, WA. There's several trails along the southernmost point of South Puget Sound, and the beach provides some nice clam shell digging opportunities. Perfect for a Sunday afternoon adventure.
(Then make sure you get ice cream at the Olympia Dairy Queen)
thanks
บาคาร่าDuring the welcome session of the World Economic Forum at Davos, the Italian Deputy Minister Carlo Calenda presented a video -produced by the Ministry of Economic Development and ICE Italian Trade Promotion Agency- that debunks commonplaces about Italy, by highlighting for each of them the real strength of the Italian industrial system.
‘Made in Italy’ represents not only fashion, design, and food products: “Italy, the Extraordinary Commonplace” shows as Italy is indeed a world leader in major infrastructures, manufactured goods, machinery, pharmaceutical- biomedical products and aerospace technologies.Michaels celebrates the ideas – both big & small – that inspire your imagination and the important things in life. Whether you love arts, crafts, framing, floral, home décor, scrapbooking, and so much more, visit Michaels®: Where Creativity Happens®.
North America’s largest specialty retailer of arts, crafts, framing, floral, wall décor, and seasonal merchandise for the hobbyist and do-it-yourself home decorator.kmart weekly ad madison heights mi I make the shopping list based upon the elements for these arranged suppers. I do a "major" shopping trip once where I stack up with the biggies, then I anticipate a second (now and again a third) and MUCH littler excursion later in the week to recharge produce.
3) I have a mental rundown of "staple" things that I'm generally watchful at deal costs on - in the event that it's on special, and it's something we utilize/eat consistently AND it'll keep regardless of the fact that we don't eat it this week, then it goes in the truck!
Tidak ada komentar:
Posting KomentarKeeping your bathroom c lean is very important especially if you want to preserve the health of your family. If you are busy in your personal and professional life and have no time to clean your bathroom, then take the help of the professionals to accomplish this task. Today, there are a number of companies are available in the market that offer the bathroom cleaning services at a very reasonable price. You can find these bathroom cleaning services with the help of the newspaper, yellow paper ads and online business directories. You can also take the reference of your family, friends and relatives who is already dealing with a bathroom cleaning services.
Before, you hire the services of a bathroom cleaning company it is important to do a complete research about their background. You can read the online reviews of a company in order to get the detailed information about their services and price. You should ask a company about their previous clients and ask them are they satisfied with their services. You can hire emergency drain cleaning services and get the best results. If you want to get more information on how to find the right drain cleaning services, then do a little research on the web and get the best results. There are a number of websites are running on the web that offer the detailed information on how to find the right drain cleaning services.Contents
- 1 Locating the best SEO for you business
- 2 ‘ Can I see past outcomes?’
- 3 ‘ Have you worked in my industry prior to?’
- 4 ‘ Have you done it yourself?’
- 5 Need to Obtain Your Group Aboard with Optimization in Victoria
- 6 Group Kick-off for Testing Success
- 7 Usage screening briefs.
- 8 Be future ahead.
- 9 Get out of your silos.
- 10 Remember the technology.
- 11 Focus on for outcomes
- 12 Obtain some value.
- 13 Make it a harmonizing act.
Locating the best SEO for you business
Discovering the right Search Engine Optimization company for your company is tricky. If you’re simply beginning, it can appear like there are hundreds of Search Engine Optimization firms all offering outstanding outcomes at low prices. If you have actually dealt with some of these firms in the past, you could be rightly skeptical of these insurance claims.
How can you recognize just what divides the best SEO companies from the poor? What do you keep an eye out for? What’re you spending for? And when can you expect outcomes?
‘ Can I see past outcomes?’
As every SEO firm will tell you, search advertising and marketing is an extremely reliable way to generate new organisation. First, your possible Search Engine Optimization company requires to show credible proof they could supply on their assurances.
A word of caution: request for the right results. It’s all too very easy to obtain lost in ‘vanity metrics’. Yes, traffic and keyword phrase positions are great (and also crucial), yet they aren’t the genuine company goal. Search Engine Optimization at its core is about clients and profits.
It’s also worth locating out how your potential partner values the quality of their SEO technique. That could be the number of brand-new leads (‘ conversions’ in search marketing jargon) provided for your service.
‘ Have you worked in my industry prior to?’
Every market has its peculiarities, chances as well as obstacles when it involves search advertising. Some industries, like consumer money, may be controlled by recognized corporates. At the same time, neighborhood expert solutions have less search volume– however also have less competition.
While it’s not crucial for your SEO company to have experience in your sector, it does assist. The secret is that the agency understands your competitive landscape, clients as well as distinct possibilities.
Examine the SEO firm’s pitch for your organisation. Do they understand your industry and also the challenges?
‘ Have you done it yourself?’
This inquiry types the best SEO companies from the rest.
If they are such a wonderful SEO company, have they done it themselves? Have they developed an organisation making use of a Search Engine Optimization or digital strategy?
Simply put, a good firm needs to have the ability to exercise what they preach.
Need to Obtain Your Group Aboard with Optimization in Victoria
If you’re putting in the time to read this post, you are possibly currently on board with screening as well as optimization. The method is to persuade other key players within your company to get on the bus? In order to do so, you must think about testing as a team sporting activity, instead of a private initiative.
In 2015, a raising number of business have an understanding on the important value of testing and optimization. For a lot of, nonetheless, it’s not a question of whether to do A/B as well as multivariate testing, yet instead how you can encourage everybody to join in with the initiative. Just how do you amass the appropriate buy-in throughout all departments? This is so important to guaranteeing success from your optimization work.
Based on exactly what we’ve gained from making this a reality at our own agency and also for a lot of our customers, below’s a 3-step strategy we’ve seen work marvels. At the end, we share some understanding from our individual trip.
Group Kick-off for Testing Success
Get everyone on the field.
If you had a football group, you wouldn’t face the Seattle Seahawks without a solid QB as well as a rock solid offensive line to back him up. You ‘d most likely additionally require some high quality defense and also Unique Teams on your side, too. The very same principle applies to screening.
Keep in mind, every position is crucial and also needs to be represented on the field. When you prompt several departments, you’re including special perspectives as well as programs– however this is an advantage because it balances your very own biased agenda.
Usage screening briefs.
These are shared documents that delineate open secret as well as objectives along with unbiased hypotheses and screening strategies. They also include measurement and timing details. This is essential since it aids lines up the company to both a strategy and also an objective.
Begin at the start.
Always construct screening into the IA (Information Style) and also Web content Technique procedure. During the IA and also content creation process, there are a lot of assumptions being made.
By leveraging the discovery you are doing already throughout the IA phase, you could recognize risky or uncertain chances that are ripe for screening. By benefiting from this, you minimize danger within the task.
Be future ahead.
While undergoing the process of layout, it is extremely simple to be concentrated on completion prize. Do on your own a support and also think about exactly what information will be helpful for you to carry hand when evaluating the end product. You’ll want to commit a location to save results as well as verify theories for future use. Make sure to review them usually.
Get out of your silos.
This is most likely the largest item of guidance we can share. The secret right here is to decentralize testing/optimization as a service device but make use of topic professionals. A single person (or division) will have trouble scaling testing as well as optimization throughout an organization unless it’s actually tiny. A lot more crucial: empower individuals that recognize greater than you. These include product supervisors, company device leaders, real groups that communicate with your consumers. Get their theories right into the mix.
Remember the technology.
Plan for testing ahead of time, well before starting a job. Consider creating totally special landing web pages or variants within pages, such as headlines, CTAs and pictures. Likewise, getting your technical group on board will certainly aid you stay clear of risks in the future.
Focus on for outcomes
Several firms, nevertheless, start out pumped up to perform screening as well as optimization just to scale back their initiatives when they don’t see the results they would certainly wished for. Avoid this by constantly brainstorming screening ideas. Host a testing hackathon.
Obtain some value.
Focus on web pages as well as evaluate the ones with greatest influence. Unlike just what lots of believe, the highest possible possibility does not normally feed on the homepage. Look, instead, to most checked out web pages, leading touchdown (entry) pages as well as web pages with one of the most expensive leaves. Below’s an example of a non-biased approach of prioritizing A/B test suggestions.
Make it a harmonizing act.
Understand the balance of prioritization by looking at web pages with multiple lenses. Does this web page have high conversion possibility?On Reclaiming Labels
Maddy Costa invited Selma Dimitrijevic, Samantha Ellis and me to Dialogue about labels some time ago. While it’s a subject we all have to deal with, there was also something about the topic that made the conversation feel a little more like work than play. – Perhaps because we would prefer to talk about the work itself rather than its label. We are labelled, or required to label ourselves and our work for marketing purposes, funders, theatres, audiences, our peers… Is it possible to talk about work without assigning it a category? Are labels used to exclude and dismiss? Can a label be anything more than an attempt to describe what’s in the tin? Does a label come with a value judgement?
For now, I’m not thinking about whether the substance in the tin is good or bad or tasty or deserving of its label; I’m interested in how the label itself can affect us and the way our work is seen, treated and discussed.
‘It’s not really a poem is it?’ – A statement often heard in poetry workshops.
Mimi Khalvati has structured a workshop around this question. She hands out several short paragraphs telling us that some are poems, and some are prose. She allows us to debate which is which. She puts columns up on a big piece of paper – prose versus poetry….and asks us to explain what makes a particular piece one or the other. At the end of the session she demonstrates that the titles at the top of the two columns could just as well be swapped over. The only thing differentiating poetry from prose is line breaks. Or the fact that the writer has said it’s a poem. If we look at a poem that doesn’t look like a poem through the lens of poetry, poetry might change, ways of writing it might change, ways of talking about it, thinking about it, teaching it, analysing it, performing it…
If the response of the tutor to the statement ‘it’s not really a poem’ were to be ‘yes that’s true.’ The next step would be to move on and look at a poem that is really a poem. This is a poetry workshop, we’re looking at poems, if it’s not a poem then we don’t have to look at it, we don’t have to engage with it, we don’t have to challenge our preconceptions, we don’t have to expand our ideas of what poetry is, we can keep everything as it has been and as we think it should be. We own poetry and we decide what is or isn’t a poem.
Frida Kahlo and Tracey Enim were/are visual artists. One painted her own portrait (using a brush), the other painted her own portrait (using a bed) – however the similarities between them are greater than their differences. The fact that Enim is described with the same label used to describe Kahlo expands the form. If Enim (as just one example) had been somehow prevented from showing her work within the context of visual art then the term ‘artist’ and its related field would not have been challenged as it has, she wouldn’t have been shortlisted for the Turner Prize and everything would have been much more comfortable for the visual arts establishment (Brief daydream to imagine what the world would be like if Enim called herself a writer.)
If we decide that something isn’t what it says it is then we put it in someone else’s box, it won’t be disruptive and it won’t force us to re-examine anything, it becomes someone else’s problem.
If we invent a new category every time a piece of work doesn’t look like work that has been made under the same banner in the past, then we lose a dialogue with history, we lose the opportunity for expansion, boundary pushing, reinvention….and we avoid having to engage with it on the terms it invites us to…it becomes someone else’s problem.
There are processes at work in the arts. For instance the process of getting a play from page to stage (as it is often put) – if the work in question doesn’t fit that process, it’s easier to suggest the work finds other friends to play with, other contexts to exist within (devised theatre, perhaps) than to examine and change the process itself. Changing the process could mean a job either needs to change or it becomes redundant –it’s no wonder the establishment resists.
An audience member going to theatre who hasn’t been to the theatre before, arrives without a label and without past experiences of what that label refers to. Rather than bringing their experience of watching theatre into the theatre, a non-theatre going audience comes to the theatre (or other place where performance is going to happen) with their lives as the experience they watch the work in relation to. David Lane suggests we need more of how we walk into an art gallery with how we walk into a theatre. I agree, and would extend this to needing more of how we walk through our lives with how we walk into a theatre. The odd thing is, the more I perform work, the more I find that an uninitiated audience, a non-theatre going/spoken word/poetry audience is far more responsive, far less self censored in their response to the work than the initiated. They bring their life experience to it rather than their theatre/poetry making and watching experience.
I was chatting with Jo Bell about this after Wordsmiths & Co the other night. She was talking about the problem that labelling something ‘poetry’ puts off an audience who might love the work. Likewise, the label ‘spoken word’ can do the same. She’s enthusiastic about trying to bring an audience that doesn’t consider themselves a poetry audience to poetry events… people who go to music events, and art galleries… How do we stop the word ‘poetry’ from putting off audiences? I think it’s about changing the associations/preconceptions around the word itself, rather than finding a different one.
We also agreed that the ideal situation is not to need a label but to have a name, as Lyn Gardner wrote:
Punchdrunk’s co-production of The Duchess of Malfi with ENO may have been called an “opera”, but I bet that most of the audience didn’t much care. As far as they were concerned it was Punchdrunk….It is the artists that increasingly engender loyalty, not the institution that produces them.
But it does take some time to get to the stage when people will come to your work because it’s your work…that involves drawing a new label, your own name…
I remember a conversation with Holly Pester about labels. ‘What do you call yourself?’ Someone asked her. ‘A poet’ she replied. And the poetry establishment must accept this; it’s the only way for the form’s boundaries to be pushed (or in the case of poetry in this country, to be kept open…they were pushed years ago but forced to constrict again). ‘A poet’, she replied, and it was a small challenge, a small ‘why, do you think I’m not a poet?’
An hour earlier, when Holly and I were on stage, I’d been introduced with a slightly cautious string of labels, one of them ‘performance artist’. I’d so much have preferred just to be called a poet. For me it’s very simple, I write and perform poetry, and I also write plays. I wish to do the first within the field/establishment of poetry (which encompasses spoken word etc. etc.) and I wish to do the second within the context of playwriting.
The funny thing is, those of us who sit outside of traditional labels fight to reclaim them. While at the same time those more firmly placed under a label reject them – see ‘I don’t call myself a poet’.
On the subject of Holly Pester, I recently read an interview with her in 3am magazine in which she embraced labels and their changing, transforming, linking, accumulative meanings. When Steven Fowler asked how she would define her poetry she responded:.
Perhaps it’s easy to get defensive or carried-away around labels because they are not easy, not easy going. Labels are political. We use labels to shape our world and our engagement with it. A label is used to evict, to dismiss, to ignore. When work doesn’t sit easily within the field it situates itself within, it is simpler to suggest it finds someone else to play with than to allow that work to change the rules of the game.
When we choose how we are described we have the opportunity to set the agenda, to ask the world we’re working in to look at our work through a particular lens and in relation to other work within the field. When we name ourselves we claim an identity that we can run with, when others name us we are often condemned to a box that prevents movement. The reclaiming of labels is empowering….queer, cunt, marriage, artist, playwright….
Labels often appear to refer to product rather than process. I am comfortable describing elements of my process as compositional and choreographic….but uncomfortable with being described as a musician or choreographer. Because I studied music for many years I know what being a musician or composer entails, I know that is not what I do and it’s not the context I wish my work to be viewed within, even though I use techniques and processes coming from that background. I’m more interested in simply describing the process as ‘writing’. I do a lot of writing on my own, but another part of my writing process happens collaboratively, in rehearsal, or through building a soundscape, or through games and ‘devising’. I’m interested in carrying over what we mean by ‘writing’ from the individual to the collaborative, from page to feet.
Maddy was surprised that both Samantha and I embrace the label ‘playwright’ – and choose it over ‘theatre maker’:
I’m really intrigued that Hannah and Samantha have both moved away from “theatre-maker” as a label for themselves, because in my head that has the openness one might want while “playwright” with its buried connotations of alone-in-the-garret feels more closed. No, actually, different from that: theatre-maker, to my mind, blurs, and has a possibility of all in this together.
For Maddy ‘theatre maker’ is wonderful because it is so open. I have nothing against being called a ‘theatre maker’ – I do use the term to describe myself quite often. I have nothing against it…partly because it is innocuous, I find it a little meaningless. It is unspecific. These are both its negative and positive properties. (I tried it out on a taxi driver and he thought it meant I build theatres.) I would choose to be called a playwright and director rather than theatre maker because I write and direct plays. I want to be commissioned to write plays and I want to be invited to direct them. I am also happy to be commissioned simply to make theatre….but that’s never happened….
If I call myself a ‘theatre maker’ the writing is invisible. Ruth Mitchell (on twitter) suggests that this is what she likes about the term, and that it appeals to many artists because it ‘covers and ticks many boxes':
I certainly don’t call myself one, [a writer] wouldn’t dream of it. Theatre maker covers up for the disciplines I am not so hot at.
Samantha talked about the ‘wright’ part of the word playwright, the craft within the word:
We’ve got this suffix “wright”, and we’re the only profession that’s kept that suffix apart from wheelwrights, and “wright” isn’t just writing; it contains the idea of making….So then I started thinking “playwright” is great because it also fights the idea that all we do is write in our garrets and then emerge for opening nights. The word “playwright” contains the idea that even when we’re dreaming up a story, from the very seed of an idea, we’re thinking about how many actors might do it, their entrances and exits, costume changes, set changes, where the interval might go. And all this stagecraft and collaborative thinking comes into its own when a director starts to take the play from page to stage.
I’d add that the stagecraft and collaborative thinking also might occur during the rehearsal process itself, the playwright might be involved in this, or the playwright might write a score for performance that is crafted in such a way it invites a director to wright with or in response to the text… Each playwright finds their own ways to wright.
I’ve only had to think about labels because so many different ones have been stuck on me, and occasionally I’ve experienced being labeled as a way of being rejected from the context with which I wish to engage. (The literary manager calls me a performance artist, the poet calls me a theatre maker etc.)
I doubt that we’ll ever get to a place where the funding, reviewing, making and marketing of work is boundary crossing and label free. – We also have labels for career stage. My friend was quite surprised to see her Arts Council report littered with labels such as ‘mature artist’ – she’s in her thirties and thought she was ‘emerging’.
Those new overused labels are meaningless and only required for tick box funding purposes, but labels like ‘playwright’ and ‘dramaturg’ have power because they have history. To bring a label with a past into the present is to continue a journey. To abandon labels or use all embracing ones, is to avoid having to confront and question a lineage of work that in its time, was also fighting to be seen…fighting for validation, for its right to be viewed in the context it chose….It’s not really art, it’s not really a play, it’s not really poetry, it’s not really theatre….The fact that the work in question stood its ground and said ‘yes it is’ enabled artistic fields to develop, to widen, extend, challenge, question, morph.
4 thoughts on “What it says on the tin”
Terrific piece, yet again.
Is the term/label dramatist useful?
Continuing good wishes with the work.
All the best, Dave Duggan 028 71271126 075 1719 4861 breathingwithalimp.blogspot.co.uk DENIZEN by Dave Duggan Writer’s Lab Dave Duggan, writer of Plays in a Peace Process (Guildhall Press, 2008), shares the process of writing his new work, DENIZEN, and invites you to a writer’s lab. The Nerve Centre; Magazine Street, Derry Londonderry BT48 6HJ; Tuesday, 28th May 2013 11 00am. Admission free.To reserve a place contact Eamon Phillips at The Nerve Centre on 028 7120562
Thanks for reading Dave.
I will have to read this again, my head is spinning! I’ve had so many labels in my life: Male,drummer (who wrote 4-on- the-floor rock/pop songs), parent, husband, partner, tour and event manager, transgender (I now tick the female box).
In 2002 I crept out from behind the drum kit and tentatively started performing words. I didn’t feel I had yet earned the right to introduce myself as a poet and, having spent nearly 40 years dealing with gender dysphoria, labels were hardly my bag.
For seven years I have been part of Acoustic Night Bristol crew where we host Open Mic nights featuring both Poets, Spoken Word, Storytelling, Music and occasionally magic and comedy.. I guess I put the crew together: all performers of some discipline but although I do most of the PR, sound and ‘stuff”, the only label I would accept is ‘part of the crew.’
It’s a Pandora’s Box event where writers sometimes perform music, musicians read words. We try to avoid labels unless it describes someone for example, “UK Canal Laureate Jo Bell” or “Canada’s finest The Fugitives” or “All the way from Cairo -The Bedouin Jerry Can Band!” etc.
Created some 17 years ago Acoustic Night Bristol has brought such a diverse mix of talent together feeding creative energy into what I see as a valid label, our community.
I’m still learning how to write,
and I
GIVE THANKS
For the cumulative guidance, love and support that has taken me from wretched being to one-ness.
GIVE THANKS
For it came, not from one God, one source, but from each and every person I walked, talked and broke bread with.
GIVE THANKS
For those with whom I have shared the raw edges of pain, tears and heart-ache.
GIVE THANKS
For those who dedicate their lives to saving and improving the mortal lives of others. We all know who you are. Respect
GIVE THANKS
For those with whom I have worked and travelled, from all over the world. The diversity affirming our similarities and at the same time our individualities. Taken beyond traditional religions, the bond of humanity working together, catalysed by poetry,music and dance, transcends boundaries and bureaucracies extending knowledge and awareness.
We may march to different drummers
But we all need to feel the beat
GIVE THANKS
BUT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
Andi Langford-Woods
Hi Andi,
Thanks for reading and sharing your story and experience of labels.
– Actually I think I may have performed at your night in Bristol once, about eight years ago,
All the very best with it,
HannahThe first Roman emperor , Augustus , framed his ascent to sole power as a return to traditional morality , and attempted to regulate the conduct of women through moral legislation . Adultery , which had been a private family matter under the Republic, was criminalized, [52] prostitute , slave , or person of marginalized status ( infamis ) . [53] Most prostitutes in ancient Rome were slaves, though some slaves were protected from forced prostitution by a clause in their sales contract. [54] A free woman who worked as a prostitute or entertainer lost her social standing and became infamis , "disreputable"; by making her body publicly available, she had in effect surrendered her right to be protected from sexual abuse or physical violence. [55].Dismiss Notice
You are browsing this site as a guest. It takes 2 minutes to CREATE AN ACCOUNT and less than 1 minute to LOGIN
Makongoro Nyerere ajidhalilisha kwa kumpigia magoti Magufuli..........
Discussion in 'Jamii Photos' started by Rutashubanyuma, Apr 17, 2012.
Page 1 of 3
Page 1 of 3Are you creative? Do you spend time planning creative activities for your lessons? Here's an activity I carried out in my classes recently. It's called 'A Sheet on Everyone's Back'. I learned this from this wonderful book which I bought from a conference (see pict. below) You can find great ESL books in conferences teachers. That is why we must make it a point to attend conferences like MELTA, MICELT, etc.
Here's how to:
1. Bring plenty post-it notes (mine didn't stick very well so think of something that sticks well)
2. Give each SS one post-it notes.
3. Tell SS to stick the notes on their friend's back.
4. Tell them to write at least 3 questions they would like to ask that friend.
5. Let them mingle for about 3 minutes. (Raise your hand to signify end of activity- once SS get used to your style, they will follow your instructions)
6. Now, as SS to take of the sheet behind their back and read the questions aloud and answer them.
Fun? Well, we had fun in class.
When to carry this out? I carried it out at the beginning of class to get them excited and anticipate the lesson.
* If some SS are more popular than others, write some questions on those that are not so popular so they don't feel left out o.k.?
Try it out and see how it goes!
Happy teaching!
Those who can Do Those who can do more TEACHHow to Survive Illinois in the Winter
We haven’t quite made it out of fall yet, but before we know it, winter will be upon us. For those who have grown up experiencing an Illinois winter, this is no big deal. Then there are some such as myself who are still adjusting to the Midwest winters. While I’ve only spent two winters in Illinois, I quickly learned a few tips to help survive winter during the school year!
source: bbcamerica.com
Invest in a Good Winter Coat
While I grew up in an area that experienced the cold, it wasn’t nearly as bitter as it is out in the Midwest. However, this might be an even more difficult transition for students who come from an area that rarely experiences cold weather. If you are one of these students, definitely take the time to invest in a coat even if you are only going to use it at school. The majority of the time we are in school is during the fall and winter months. If you are concerned about dropping too much money on a coat you may never wear at home, plan on shopping at the local thrift store. They have a plethora of winter coats available for a very affordable price. While they may not be the most stylish, just keep in mind “style” isn’t always going to keep you warm.
Get Some Winter Gear
Along with a good coat, there will be a need for the proper winter gear. This means investing in boots, or at least some shoes with a decent amount of traction when it’s slick outside. Again, if you are a student who will only use these articles of clothing at school, take a gander at the thrift store or nearby Goodwill to find some clothing for an affordable price. Also, make sure to bundle up in hats, gloves and scarves. You may look like the marshmallow man, but in the end, you’ll be toasty warm!
Photo by Mary Todd Christian
(Winter 2010)
Tips for Commuters
If you are a commuter, only come to school when it’s safe to do so. The road will get dangerous quickly. Even if you close to campus a lot can happen in a short commute. There is no reason to risk an accident. If you are unable to make it school, make sure to inform your professors and let them know you won’t be in class. I assure you they will understand.
Keep Checking the Weather
I am probably far to addicted to my weather app on my cell phone. But in reality, it is good to be aware of the weather. As we all know, the weather can change at the drop of a hat. One moment it can be cold as the dickens, the next it will be snowing. It’s good to have an idea of what the weather will be like from day to day as well. This way, you can plan what to wear a day ahead before bad weather arises.
Watch for Ice
Don’t play on the ice… This sounds like a pretty obvious rule, but you can definitely hurt yourself by taking a risk on the ice. Even just walking to class can be dangerous if you’re not careful. Make sure to walk carefully, slowly and don’t run! If you need too, leave your dorm a little earlier to make it to class on time.
For this coming winter, be prepared to bundle up and stay safe!Pregnancy week 3 – The Fertilization: Process and Symptoms
The Fertilization: Process and Symptoms
The most important thing in pregnancy week 3 is the fertilization. It is when the sperm reaches the ovum. A baby, in this period is very small. It is just 0.0058 inches long or just in the shape of head of sewing pin, the difference is that it lives. When the fertilization process happens, the sperm has to penetrate the woman egg and combines the chromosome with the mother’s egg for a baby is usually has its mother and father chromosome which shares 23 chromosome for the development of the fetus. Three days after that, 9 chromosomes has been built.
During pregnancy week 3, amniotic fluid will come around the embryo and help the embryo take its position during all the entire the process of gestation. Also in this week, embryo will have some specific connection with the mother such as tunnel between the fetus and the uterine wall for circulation technique. The placenta itself will not be formed until another week or so when the baby will start to have amount of nutrients.
The symptoms of pregnancy week 3 probably will not be conceived by the mother as they expect another thing happens in the few more weeks. However, the symptoms are mostly the same with the first weeks’ symptoms in which the mother feels pain and cramps in the abdomen. Other women might vomit frequently, mostly in the morning, to be the symptoms of being pregnant. Another symptom that remarks pregnancy week 3 is a little bleeding which is usually misunderstood by a little spot for having menstruation. This, actually, is when the egg burrowing the lining of the womb. It happens 6 days after the fertilization, which is in the end of week 3. The other important thing happens in the week 3 is that how mother should realize that she has to fulfill enough nutrition for herself and to have exercise is highly recommended.
Learn more about pregnancy week 1 and pregnancy week 2.
advertisement
Leave your response!Main Inn First Floor
Featuring oceanviews of Penobscot Bay
Located on the first floor of the Main Inn, you'll be delighted by the luxurious king size bed, gas fireplace, comfortable lounging area, and the views of Penobscot Bay. Refresh in the modern bathroom which features a walk-in shower, cozy bathrobes and luxuriant spa therapy amenities. Elevator access available.
Call for more information: (207) 236-0945 or click to book onlineRent to Buy Digital Screens
Screenco™ provide a rent to buy / lease to buy service where you can rent one of our products with the option to purchase it at the end of the rental term.
Give us a call today on on 08000 588 326 to discuss your requirements today!We are lovers of life! We enjoy hiking, concerts, any evening activities, and pretty much any experience that will create fun memories. We are local,and so excited to share our secrets and good times with you. If you’re looking to get in touch hit us up. We’re always looking to hear about any cool places we could have missed. Contact us.
Yours Truly,
Misshapen Features Team.Nostalgia has a way of smoothing out the rough edges of things we loved, and that’s certainly true of retro gaming. Those games could be brutally difficult, with iffy controls, indecipherable graphics, and a complete lack of direction as to what the player was supposed to do. Even some of the best 8-bit games have issues like that. It’s incredibly unfair that when you lose your last life in World 8 of Super Mario Bros., you have to start over at the first level. You could spend hours wandering around in The Legend of Zelda without knowing you needed to find a dungeon. Castlevania made you write down passwords, for cryin’ out loud. A lot of core features that make up retro games feel like vestigial tails when compared to today’s games. The technology got better. We moved past those problems.
So how, in this age of immediate respawns and autosaves, tutorials and on-screen objectives, do we go back to the 8-bit world? And why would we want to?
Alwa’s Awakening might hold some answers.
A 2-D adventure platformer from Elden Pixels, Alwa’s Awakening is a purposeful hearkening back the glory days of the NES in both graphics and gameplay. The game it most immediately brought to mind was Zelda II: The Adventure of Link, particularly in the town sections, but you can find bits of Castlevania and Metroid and a whole host of other classics in its DNA. It’s bound together by a light story about a girl summoned to a faraway land (Alwa) to fight evil, collect magical objects, and solve environmental puzzles so specific to her skills that it’s a wonder any of the NPCs manage to get around in Alwa at all.
I started Alwa’s Awakening feeling ambivalent, although there were a lot of positives right off the bat. The 8-bit graphics are masterful, gorgeously giving each area in Alwa a strong sense of place. The chiptune score adds to the mood and is a perfect salute to the beloved NES soundtracks of yore. The controls aren’t as tight as they’d be in a modern platformer, but they’re pleasantly floaty and work well with the tasks required of you. (When I died, it was never because of the controls). It doesn’t feel like it moves as fast as a lot of other retro-inspired modern titles, like Shovel Knight, but that’s a good thing. It’s more focused on the adventure/puzzle aspect than it is on super-quick, rock ‘em sock ‘em action, so the slower pace lends itself well to pondering what to do in a room before you do it.
Here’s where we get to the negative I encountered early on
I am so, so bad at this game. I’ve grown soft playing games with detailed maps and an ever-present guide giving you hints. The areas in Alma flow directly into one another, which could make it hard to get my bearings. Characters don’t give you clear directions to your next location; instead, it’s a vague “east of here.” And not, like, two screens east. Many, many screens East. Where you sometimes have to double back to reach previously unreachable areas. I spent a lot of time cluelessly wandering around.
My other major source of frustration was that Alwa’s Awakening relies on save points. Interestingly, you keep items that you got after you last saved when you respawn, which led to me occasionally kamikaze-ing myself at an item even when I knew I was going to get killed by the enemy guarding it. But that one helpful feature doesn’t make up for the seemingly endless treks from the save point through three other rooms before getting to the room where I misjudged my jump and got hit with a fireball again.
As I said, I was getting frustrated, and it was not making me feel fondly about the game.
Slowly, though, something started happening.
I sat back and took a deep breath before I entered a difficult room, no matter how many times I had already tried it. I felt a tremendous sense of joy when I finally got through a room I had died in seven times before. I upgraded my magic staff to create items that helped me solve puzzles, and I became giddy at my own cleverness for solving them. I started to enjoy exploring the world with no particular goal in mind, just wondering what might be over this next bridge. Times when I would have tilted out for dying instead became experiments from which I learned more about how the world of Alwa works.
It was . . . freeing. I didn’t know all the answers, and it didn’t matter because of the fun and sense of accomplishment I felt as I was bungling along.
Perhaps the biggest difference between gaming now and gaming then is the time crunch we all live in. There is always so much to do, and never enough time to do it in. You will never get to see every great movie you want to see, read every good book you’re sure you would like, play every awesome video game, especially when they’re spread across at six-ish current-gen platforms.
I think that’s what was bothering me about playing Alwa’s Awakening. I didn’t have time to redo that jumping sequence ten times. I didn’t want to waste time walking around that could have been spent advancing in the game. But what I came to realize was that I wasn’t wasting time. There was value in the moments I was confused. There was value in taking my time to soak in the atmosphere of the game. There was value in trying and failing and trying again.
I had known that when I was a little kid watching my sisters play The Legend of Zelda. I’d forgotten it along the way.
The OPN Interview with Robert Kreese and Alex Berggren
The Verdict
So that’s the importance of a retro game, and Alwa’s Awakening demonstrates it beautifully..National Geographic has a Green Guide, perfect for good eco-loving living.
It featured a Q&A about Plastics which was quite useful.
I always did wonder about storing bottled water in fridge. Turns out #1 might be a better choice than #3 but it is prone to bacterial contamination. The word diarrhea came up once or twice.
And even I was curious about nuking vegetables in plastic bags in the microwave. Apparently, fast as a road runner but not so good for health.
Read all about it here.
Please don't kill the blogs - An open note to Google To the gmail team, You've built a tool for a billion people. Most of my blog readers use it every day, and so do I. Thanks for creat...
1 hour agoAmalia Spinardi, the Brazilian-based swimwear designer of Jo de Mer, a line of bikinis and maillots that are consistently snapped-up by in-the-know jetsetters from coast-to-coast, knows a thing or two about vacationing. In fact, the former fashion editor at Elle Brazil is a pro at it—she travels at least once a month, visiting posh destinations such as Paris, Aspen, Morocco, Rome, and St. Barths (a girl after our own heart!). Here, the stylish globetrotter talks packing strategies, favorite airlines, and reveals the first thing she does when she gets into her hotel room.
City you call home?
Sao Paulo, Brazil.
How often do you travel?
At least once a month. I have a house in NYC where my husband works frequently so I go with him. I take work trips but also travel a lot for pleasure, mostly during long holidays.
Favorite destinations to travel to?
Besides New York City, I like to go wherever the sun is.
Where’s your “happy place” to visit?
My happy places are undoubtedly St. Barths and Capri.
What brand of luggage do you use?
I use a large black matte Rimowa from the “Salsa” line. It holds everything! Rimowa has the best rolling-bags and they are very lightweight. I used to carry a Tumi but I bought this Rimowa a year ago and I love it.
And for your carry-on bag?
I use a black quilted nylon weekend bag that I bought while traveling at JFK! It was very cheap and my husband simply hates it.
Do you bring a camera?
No camera, just my iPhone.
Favorite airline?
Air France. The service is perfect. They are committed to making their passengers happy, which doesn’t happen on many other airlines these days.
Favorite airport?
Charles de Gaulle. They have the best stores in case you need to buy something last minute, and the Air France lounge is beyond comfortable! They serve a real dinner with a menu by chef Alain Ducasse before you board.
What are your in-flight travel essentials?
Magazines, lip balm and nasal spray. Other than that, I just use whatever comes in the airline kit—although I recently bought the cat eye-mask from Charlotte Olympia.
Aisle or window?
The aisle…always!
Preferred in-flight beverage?
Only water.
What music is on your travel playlist?
I have two playlists that I listen to the most often. One is for quiet and relaxation featuring mostly Bossa Nova, and the other is more upbeat and dancey—a mix of songs ranging from Beyonce to David Guetta.
Gadget you can’t leave home without?
iPad.
Do you use any travel apps?
No.
Do you have any travel rituals or superstitions?
Yes! I say a little prayer before each flight and say ‘thanks’ when I arrive.
How do you entertain yourself at 35,000 feet?
I mostly travel at night, so I try to read before departure and go to sleep after takeoff. I try to get as many hours of sleep as I can.
What’s your go-to uniform for the plane?
Skinny jeans and a grey or striped sweater. When it is cold I bring a wool or fur coat and when it is warmer I take a Celine leather jacket.
What’s the one item you never leave town without?
My credit card.
How do you deal with jet lag?
The only way I can adjust to local time is by trying to go to sleep (with the help of drops of verbena!) and wake up at normal hours even if I am dead tired! But sometimes I don’t accomplish that.
What’s your exercise routine when you’re on the road?
I use the hotel’s gym frequently. I have an apartment in New York City so when I’m there, I take Stacey Griffith’s SoulCycle class every morning…it’s heaven.
How do you manage your health + eating routine when you’re away from home?
When I’m in New York City I buy lots of Juice Press, and when I’m staying in a hotel I also ask for a green juice. Basically I try to keep the same kind of diet that I have at home in São Paulo; fruit, juice, fish or meat, and of course lots of salads.
What’s the first thing you do when you get into your hotel room?
Place my passport and jewelry in the safe.
Are you an over-packer or under-packer?
I think I am a normal packer. I always use a large suitcase though. My rule for myself if that if it doesn’t fit, don’t buy it. I’ll admit sometimes my bag is overweight though!
Do you have a packing strategy?
Yes, I make lists. Sometimes I pack all my clothes on lightweight hangers so they can go straight into the suitcase without much folding. When I get there I just pull them out and place them directly in the closet. It’s a great, great shortcut!
One surprising thing you always pack?
A special tea from Brazil: Chá de Boldo. It’s great for the liver, for digestion, for hangovers…
What are your favorite items to travel with?
My Jo de Mer bikinis or maillots! Muzungu Sisters kaftans and Italian Independent fun sunglasses to wear at the beach. I just bought a cover-up with embroidered palm trees from Tomas Maier and a gingham skirt from Lisa Marie Fernandez. I believe that even when you go to cold places like Aspen, you should bring a bathing suit for the sauna or the spa. Aside from that, I like skinny jeans from J Brand, basic t-shirts from America Apparel, a black smoking-esque jacket from Stella McCartney, and some new pieces to wear out at night that usually I buy at Barneys or Moda Operandi. I also usually have a sweater from The Elder Statesman, a black high heel sandal from Celine, a flat from Aquazzura, and my bespoke clutch from Edie Parker (that I don’t go anywhere without!).
What beauty-essentials do you travel with?
Kérastase shampoo, Dior Bois D’Argent perfume, Clarins Tonic Body Treatment Oil, Sisley-Paris face cream, Sisley-Paris eye cream and L’Oreal ‘travel-size’ hair spray. I use Armani foundation, black mascara from Dior, and Rose Lip Conditioner and Illuminating Powder, which are both from Aerin. And I love the dark eye shadows from Nars—I have a black one and a dark brown one that I always have with me. I use a hairdryer, but I don’t bring one in my suitcase because everywhere I’ve stayed has one in the room. I also take a small bag with medicines like Tylenol and other Brazilian remedies. Sadly, I somehow always forget to pack a hair brush and toothbrush so I buy new ones when I get to my destination.
Favorite items to order from room service?
Eclair au chocolat when at the L’Hotel de Bristol Paris, rigattoni with lamb bolognese when at The Little Nell in Aspen, prosciutto e melone at La Scalinatella in Capri, homemade yogurt and granola at Le Sereno in St. Barths; spaghetti with tomato and basil at Hotel de Russie in Rome.
Favorite item from the hotel mini-bar?
Redbull.
Have you ever had a travel disaster?
Everybody has at least once! Things like missing connections or forgetting your passport at home—I admit I’ve done both before.
Favorite find/souvenir from your travels?
A silk kaftan I bought at the souvenir boutique in Jardin de Majorelle museum in Morocco. It’s a one of a kind Moroccan-style kaftan and I just adore it.
What’s your favorite childhood memory of traveling?
Going to my grandma’s farm with all my cousins to spend the winter there. We would ride horses, collect tangerines from the trees, and playing lots of outdoor games. The winter in Brazil is very mild so we could do anything!
Travel destinations on your bucket-list?
Japan. I have always wanted to go there and my husband and I love Japanese food. And of course after seeing Sofia Coppola’s Lost in Translation I was even more curious.
Amalia Spinardi photographed in Palma de Mallorca, SpainIn chapter 5, we hear a "song" about all that God had done for those in Jerusalem, Judah and Israel. But what did he get for all his investment? "The vineyard of the Lord Almighty is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah are the garden of his delight. And he looked for justice, but saw bloodshed; for righteousness, but heard cries of distress" (v. 7).
Verse 8 begins a series of woes, "Woe to you who add house to house and join field to field till no space is left and you live alone in the land." "Surely the great houses will become desolate, the fine mansions left without occupants" (v. 9).
In verse 15 and 16 God counters with something like, "Well, if you're not going to do it, then I will." "So man will be brought low and mankind humbled, the eyes of the arrogant humbled. But the Lord Almighty will be exalted by his justice, and the holy God will show himself holy by his righteousness."
Again a rebuke of the abuse of power, "Woe to those... who acquit the guilty for a bribe, but deny justice to the innocent" (v. 22, 23).
Chapter 6 deals with the dramatic call of Isaiah to God's service. The future isn't looking so bright for the crew, but God promises a holy seed will remain in the land when everything is destroyed.
Saturday, March 01, 2008Mistaken Sentence Examples
- If I'm not mistaken, you called me for help.
- The effects of these parasites have been mistaken for those of disease.
- Was I mistaken before, or am I mistaken now?
- No doubt the bird had mistaken the purple silk for something good to eat.
- Nivalis, often mistaken by travellers for the snow-bunting, Plectrophanes nivalis.
- If I'm not mistaken, you're as responsible for this mess as I am.
-.
- If I'm not mistaken, you'll now toss me out.
- But, while thus lamenting this unfortunate perversion into a mistaken channel of ornithological energy, we must not overblame those who caused it.
- Nevertheless, after much hesitation, he took what he himself calls the most mistaken step of his life, and in 1847 entered the priesthood.
-.
- Its roots have occasionally been mistaken for horse-radish.
- The policy of Athens was mistaken for two reasons: (I) Sparta was not entirely humiliated, and (2) alliance with the land powers of Peloponnese was incalculably dangerous, inasmuch as it involved Athens in enterprises which could not awake the enthusiasm of her maritime allies.
- They have mistaken us for my father.
- He'd never been mistaken for a gentleman, but the woman shimmered with a sweet, pure aura that made him feel obliged to behave.
- The writing, although not well formed, is sufficiently distinct for ordinary messages; the figures 3, 5, and 8 are, however, liable to be mistaken for each other, being very similar in appearance.
- The existing seven were first published in a careful but largely mistaken transcript by Buonarotti in 1724, as an appendix to Dempster's De Etruria Regali.
- On the revival of the Western Empire, however, Charlemagne, in the beginning of the 9th century, under the mistaken belief that he was following the authority of Constantine I.
- What was mistaken for it was fashioned in the heat of controversy by men whose interests were practical rather than scientific, who could not write correct English, and revealed in their reasoning the usual fallacies of the merely practical man' So the " old Political Economy " lies shattered.
-.
- If I'm not mistaken, I've got the magical power of stealth mode.
- At first sight a South African Euphorbia might be mistaken for a South American Cactus, an Aloe for an A gave, a Senecio for ivy, or a New Zealand Veronica for a European Salicornia.
- Och Gothlcindska Resa, p. 217), who first met with this bird on the island of Gottland (July I, 1741), was under the mistaken belief that it was there called Tolk (=interpres).
-.
- Society, 1869, p. 146), the curious bloody secretion ejected from the mouth of the flamingo may have given rise to the belief, through that bird having been mistaken for the "Pelican of the wilderness."
- Brand intimated to many of the leading Transvaal Boers that in his opinion they were embarking on a rash and mistaken policy.
- He was controverted by Ctesias, who, however, has mistaken mythology for history, and Greek romance owed to him its Ninus and Semiramis, its Ninyas and Sardanapalus.
- Uropygialis, is closely allied to and often mistaken for L.
- Oxalic acid is very poisonous, and by reason of its great similarity in appearance to Epsom salts, it has been very frequently mistaken for this substance with, in many cases, fatal results.
- A third officer, who by his accent was a Pole, disputed with the commissariat officer, arguing that he was mistaken in his identification of the different wards of Moscow.
- "I had come so near to you... and to all your family that I thought you would not consider my sympathy misplaced, but I was mistaken," and suddenly her voice trembled.
- "Then I'm not mistaken," thought Countess Mary.
- With their similar looks and cool reserve, he and Sofia were often mistaken for brother and sister by other Guardians, a convenient cover they exploited when she moved to Miami.
- Four letters mentioned Rev. Martin and the wonderful work he and Annie were doing with 'the poor mistaken souls.'
- Indications are not wanting that St Paul's doctrine of justification by faith was, in his own day, mistaken or perverted in the interests of immoral licence.
- These uniform solid solutions must not be mistaken for chemical compounds; they can, within limits, vary in composition like an ordinary liquid solution.
- Potter had replied in 1633 to Knott's Charity Mistaken (1630), and Knott retaliated with Mercy and Truth.
- The Latin edition declares that although this new statement of the elements of the Christian faith differs from the articles of other Christian creeds it is not to be mistaken for a challenge.
- Symbolizing, "a vain crowd of contrary and warring opinions"; and again9 as "vain people"; both phrases being based on a mistaken etymology of the name Balaam.
- But I just wish to say, to avoid misunderstandings, that you are quite mistaken if you reckon me or my mother among such.
- Because if he is, he's either grossly mistaken, a damned liar or setting me up!
- If I'm not mistaken, the souls of your assassins are more of a personal collection than an official one.
- Sometimes a beautiful, somewhat slender, fungus peculiar to stumps in woods is mistaken for the mushroom in A.
- Everywhere on the centre the Christians gained the upper hand, but their victory was almost turned into a defeat by the mistaken manoeuvres of Doria.
-."
- Hence arise various mistaken beliefs, such as the belief in revelation which not only injures the moral As feudalism passed from its age of supremacy into its age of decline, its customs tended to crystallize into fixed forms.
- Briihl must therefore be held wholly responsible for the ruinous policy which destroyed the position of Saxony in Germany between 1733 and 1763; for the mistaken ambition which led Frederick Augustus II.
- The Macedonians of Alexander were not mistaken in seeing an essential transformation of their national monarchy when Alexander adopted the guise of an Oriental great 2.
- At first sight they may be mistaken for Ostiaks - especially on the Ob - but they are undoubtedly different.
- The colonists, if mistaken in their general policy of leaving the natives in a condition of mitigated barbarism, had behaved towards them with uniform kindness and justice.
- In 1215 was intended to prevent Jews from being mistaken for Christians, and similarly in Mahommedan lands they were compelled to wear some distinctive indication of their sect.
- No competent judges have ever mistaken the importance of Voltaire's visit to England, and the influence it exercised on his future career.
- He could not avert the mistaken policy which led to the rout at Le Mans, and was finally shot in an obscure skirmish at Nouaille on the 4th of March 1794.
- This led to a mistaken idea that De Robeck's ships might have succeeded had they renewed their attack at once in spite of losses; the damage which they had done to the batteries had been almost insignificant, and they had not got within 5 m.
- Awaji-yaki, or Mimpei-yaki as it is often called, is generally porcelain, but we occasionally find specimens which may readily be mistaken for Awata faience.
- "It seems we were mistaken," declared a third, looking at the kitten timorously, "no one with such murderous desires should belong to our party, I'm sure."
- With a complexion like hers, he was often mistaken as her brother, a similarity they'd used in the past to keep people from finding out she was Damian's mate.
- A fungus which may carelessly be mistaken for the mushroom is M.
- There was once a painter whose name was Zeuxis. He could paint pictures so life-like that they were mistaken for the real things which they represented.
- If they pay the tax from a mistaken interest in the individual taxed, to save his property, or prevent his going to jail, it is because they have not considered wisely how far they let their private feelings interfere with the public good.
- "You are mistaken," said Boris deliberately, with a bold and slightly sarcastic smile.
- The former he traces to a mistaken interpretation of Origen (Horn.
- Laevis, the "smooth snake" of Europe, in England, in Hampshire and Dorsetshire, eats chiefly lizards; owing to its coloration, which varies much, it is often mistaken for the viper.
-.
- "You are mistaken," answered Pittacus.The school to which we send our children can make a great difference in their enjoyment of learning and in their future career paths. At Silverthorn we know that when we challenge our students and encourage them to succeed, their self esteem and confidence are invigorated.
We all have our strengths and preferences and it is our mandate to offer a wide range of programming that ensures each individual identifies with a subject area of personal interest.
We endeavour to engage students in parts of the program which are not measured on standardized tests or seen on report cards. Often our career paths and interests are influenced by school life outside the classroom and beyond the daily schedule. We are fortunate to have a talented, dedicated faculty who contribute to the development of the whole child. When we read the testimonies that our grads write for our yearbook, we are impressed with the number of occasions that they mention our student leadership initiative.
There are many ways for students to explore their strengths. We have championship teams and we add new teams in non traditional sports annually. We have a daily intramural program so students can use sports for recreation and for competition. We have clubs like debating and model United Nations. We have student executive committees in areas like music and athletics. We have very large cancer research fund raising initiatives and we have a weekly session for senior citizens to learn about computers and for students to learn about teaching.
There is much to be gained for a student who attends a school which offers a wide variety of curricular and extra curricular programs. We are large enough to offer a rich variety of both and small enough for a single student to be an important person to all of us.
We look forward to helping your future Silverthorn student move closer to achievement of their dreams. We will help you to be the best you can be!From inside the book
43 pages matching campaign finance reform in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 43
What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Other editions - View all
Common terms and phrases
1997 The President 21st century agreement America AmeriCorps balance the budget balanced budget believe better bill bipartisan Boris Yeltsin Brady bill build campaign finance reform challenges Chemical Weapons Chemical Weapons Convention child citizens commitment Congress continue crime democracy Democratic drug economic efforts Federal funds future give going Government Governor hope HOPE scholarship immigration important investment Iran Iraq issue keep Laughter leaders leadership let me say lives look Medicare meet ment Mexico million move nomic opportunity parents parties partnership percent political President Clinton President spoke President Yeltsin Prime Minister problem proud remarks Roy Romer Russia Secretary Senator summit sure talk teachers things tion trade Treaty United Vice President welfare reform White House youngCreate an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about..
An entity must register as a PAC if the entity is organized for the "primary purpose" of influencing an election; and the entity knowingly receives contributions or makes expenditures (in any combination) of at least $1,100 in connection with any election during a calendar year.:Install SurfGhost and then check. This utility will delete all the relate registry key entries and will also clear the history of your IE. Remember this utility will not keep any history in the explorer bar, you will have to type the address always.
Register Hereor login if you are already a member
Discuss This Question: 6  RepliesThe Four Percent Group
I’m assuming you want information on the four percent group?
The Four Percent Group is a money generation system that’s been created and developed by a guy called Vick Strizheus. He teaches people, step by step, how to become top affiliate marketers online. He teaches which are the best and easiest products to sell online. Then most importantly, how best to sell them by implementing systems that do most of the hard work for you.
One of the best things I’ve seen from the four percent group system is brilliant and really easy to follow. The content here is some of the best I have ever seen. I’ve been working online for the past 10 years so believe me, I have seen a lot of rubbish online.
The four percent group videos show you how to create campaigns that have you earning money quite quickly. It doesn’t matter what kind of marketing experience you have (you can be a complete newbie with no idea of how to go about internet marketing) – the four percent group training walks you through the entire process step by step.
The Four Percent Group Creator Vick – Who is Vick Strizheus?
Vick is a true value provider. I have never seen anyone that provides so much FREE value! I say free value as you can join the four percent group for free to have a look around. You can get your free access link along with Vick’s ‘7 Steps’ to success guide by clicking here – Join For Free By Clicking Here.
You’ll then have access to the 7 steps of FREE is to become EXTRAORDINARY. Vik wants his members to join the 4% of people in society who are truly financially free.
What you will find within the four percent group:
You can expect to find a huge online community of like minded people all learning step by step from the four percent group.. You can get your free access to the system and the ‘7 Steps’ by entering your email into this link. – Click Here to join up and Take a Look around yourself.
Once inside The Four Percent Group Training site you’ll see that it’s a one-of-a-kind automated marketing system. It’s focused on giving you the tools and information necessary to create a realistic $5,000+ per month income quite quickly. It then focuses on doubling that in the following months to come. You’ll do this my watching Vick’s easy to follow step by step short videos. You’ll be able to watch, pause, copy and then continue.
What You Can Expect:
The four percent group training videos will show you step by step…
- How to make $5, which as I’ve mentioned you can do so by Clicking Here. You’ll need to verify your email address on sign up
in order to gain access. You’ll then have access to readymade sales funnels is one of the best online business’s. If you follow the step by step short training videos properly, you should earn yourself quite a lot of money.
- The system shows you secret formulas to generate many leads on demand. Once you’ve started, you will soon become experienced in many different ways.
- The four percent group your business from anywhere in the world, as long as you have an internet connection.
What does the four percent group actually costs to get set up and running properly? by clicking on this link. Just enter you email address. You’ll then get to have a look around your back office system and get to watch the 7-Steps Training Videos. (Once you sign up, you’ll need to log into your email account to verify your address)
Free Four Percent Group Members:
Take a look around and go through the 7-steps training videos and decide whether or not you wish to upgrade. You’ll then get FULL ACCESS to all the training videos in the four percent group business to explode your business. You’ll get all the sales funnels, email follow-ups and multiple income streams that the four percent group gives you.. Get your four percent group account here and have a look if you can still get it.
During the four percent group training?
I honestly believe that anyone who has a desire to create themselves a serious online business can become successful with the four percent group. with the four percent group. system FREE account and taking a look at them. You can then decide for yourself what you think of them.
So, do I recommend the Four Percent Group? as YOUR business. Put in the time each and every day that you would with any conventional business. I’d say start with at least 2-3hours a day to get yourself up and running and get the money coming in. You’ll have access to many four percent group income streams that will all be available to you to start making money quickly.
Are You Looking For a Home Business?
If you are ready to start making money online, jump into this four percent group with both feet and take a look around with your ACCOUNT . This will allow you to see for yourself what you can expect from the business. You’ve nothing to loose that way.
I can honestly say that I don’t recommend many programs on the internet, however I can say that I DO recommend The Four Percent Group. with the four percent group. Feel free to Contact Me if you have any further questions. Or contact me through my Facebook page.
What Should You Do Next –
It’s true to say that the Four Percent Group works and is not one of the many scams circulating the web. It also comes with a 100% money-back guarantee, so if for some strange reason it doesn’t work for you, you can get yourself a refund. So you’ve got nothing to lose. Overall, it is well worth its price. Open an ACCOUNT HERE so you can have a look around the back office and see what it’s like. If you’ve decided to give it a go congratulations and I wish you every success with the four percent group.A layer of partially set paint, in which the urethane monomer has been consumed but the polymer so darn easy forex review yet to form long chains, can also be thought of as representing a solid revieew. 19 Briefly explain why glassceramics are gen- erally not transparent. Govandadsuu. Eaasy presence of upper respiratory tract symptoms distinguishes this illness from cytomegalovirus pneumonia.
3, m 70. Klosgen 60. The nasolabial flap is less ideal in men because the flap dan not hair-bearing. When IE asks if you want to open or save the file, click Open.
An Evolution- ary Survey of the Plant Kingdom. (e-g) Clinical appearance of the so darn easy forex review sister of the proband depicted in (a-d). In: Pardatscher K. A dwrn close above 1565, would be a breach of resistance which was tested in the early 2000 and again in 2007. The chemotactic process is independent of specific values of the concentrations over a broad range.
For example, continuity may represent a solution to problems posed by occlusion - sections of the eassy of an occluded object could be joined up by continuity (see figures ?. The optical study of a single metal cluster is then necessary to avoid statistical fluctuation effects or to address or identify so darn easy forex review relevant nano-object.
00×108 m)2 γ1 s The length of the spacecraft as seen by its passengers is 743 m. This feature probably explains some of the conflicting experimental evidence concerning the role of different virulence factors.
L-693,989 (5) was prepared by reacting 4 with tetrabenzylpyrophosphate in the presence of lithium hydroxide monohydrate followed by hydrogenolytic removal of the benzyl groups (Scheme 1). Analytical linear energy transfer calculations for proton therapy. That any binary option trading solution that no. PEPTIDE-HYDROLASE-INHIBITORS h. Hedging strategy gambling. 12(b) shows vectors ob fofex, that is.
(b) An averaged evoked response recorded in the cats inferior colliculus while stimulating in the cochlear nucleus with the microelectrode foreex tips site is shown in A. Chapter 5: Making Light Dance to the Music 109 2. The disk-triquetral ligament is to the right. X folded conformations 100 t~a forrx open conformation Sodium stearyl fumarate EUROPEAN PHARMACOPOEIA 7. Mineral. 1236 Azithromycin.
Choosing the reversal strategy to an online binary options system omni option is suitable for dummies. Ideally, the relation between the spacing of the stimulating sites and their maximum safe charge per phase should be such that the clinically relevant neurons within and around the arrays entire perimeter can be excited. Manderick, eds. 0) 6:50 6:50 0:30 (4. Gastroenterol. The best Reviea Ghost Service in the world. Often a limiting aspect of most projects, especially those written on emerging technical topics, is the inability to cover every aspect of the topic in a single allinclusive text.
16 that the cross- over probability 1 for the corresponding BSC is approximately 1022. 04 0 Figure 57. A twin-plane ECT sensor that is dxrn with the industrial environ- ment has been constructed, as shown in figure 10. In contrast to the cisternae depicted in Figs. 3 Surgical Techniques The number of drn for excisional body con- tour surgery has decreased substantially since the advent of liposuction in the late 1970s. When working with the Z axis, you have additional options for entering coordinate values when creating and modifying objects.
9092 amu. 500 g by drying in an oven at 105 °C for zo h. In normal capillary electrophoresis, anions will migrate in the opposite direction to eaay electro-osmotic flow and their velocities will be smaller than the electro-osmotic velocity.
1209. Miguel Revieew, 11520 Mexico D. 23 1 The Cell. And Nothing but the Truth: Reading Nonfiction Passages. 40 0. Them all in israel 100 deposit. Stock broker strategies typically consists of binary options reviews and. Phenotype resembles human rdview, with 15 of animals presenting cleft palate. Scott, SP signaling via spinal neurokinin-1 (NK1 ) receptors is increased after revidw nerve injury and contributes to nerve injury- induced hyperalgesia (Cahill and Coderre 2002).
AmericanhardwarebuyerCharlesGoodyeardiscoversa processto "vulcanize"rubber,by which it retainsits elasticityin all weather. Camcorder monitor: Camcorders often feature LCD (liquid crystal display) monitors, which enable you to preview the video youve just recorded. The left side of Equation 8 is ca1 ca2 can The right side is ca1 a2 an These are equal by the distributive property. varn. The cells learn to identify self antigens because the antigens are encountered very frequently. Biol.
3 0. 9 Epileptic Seizures and Abnormal Brain Rhythms Excitation mediated through glutamergic cationic channels must be in balance with inhibition mediated by GABAergic anionic channels. revirw. The MLC is calibrated by successively positioning the leaves at five positions, 0, ± 7, 14 and 15 forsx, storing the corresponding readings of the potentiometers in a file.
Shapiro Multiple cell generations. It was at this time when he teview his machine lathe for screw threads. The onset of pain in PID so darn easy forex review occurs within 7 days of menstruation. Injury 15:3840, 1983. Go to question 11c. We shall then refer to some of the problems which, through lack of understanding, have eluded codification within our system of knowledge.
5 0 -0. Next to Master Page Fields, use the plus sign () and minus sign (), respectively, to add fields to or remove fields from the master page. There is no evidence of edema or bleeding within the conus a b c d 346 Current Essentials of Surgery Anal Fissure Ulcer s Essentials of Diagnosis Fissure: split in the anoderm; ulcer: chronic fissure, associated with skin tag (sentinel pile) once matured Located in midline, distal to dentate line; most commonly poste- riorly (90); caused by forceful dilatation of anal canal, usually from defecation, leading to sphincter spasm and local anoderm ischemia Symptoms and signs include pain and bleeding with defecation; pain may be tearing or burning, worst during defecation, may last for hours; constipation may develop from fear of recurrent pain Physical examination reveals disruption of anoderm in midline at mucocutaneous junction; sentinel darh tag or pile may be present at inferior margin s Differential Diagnosis Crohn disease Anal tuberculosis Anal malignancy Abscess Fistula Cytomegalovirus s Treatment Initial treatment is conservative with stool softeners, bulking agents, sitz baths Surgery is indicated for failure of conservative measures; per- form lateral internal anal sphincterotomy Medications: 0.
Verification is the second key point in the SAV methodology. Patel, R. Laser and rollerball ablations had 111 192 Kursh history of symptoms and physical findings alone.points so review forex darn easy the data
ER CALCIUM EXCITABILITY Several models for oscillatory Ca2 release from the ER have been developed. Colostomy irrigation: results of 25 cases with particular reference to quality of life. 12 and 1.
1; impurity D about 1. 5 months, the eo of owing my broker thousands so darn easy forex review dollars on a 100 trade that jumped over my stop-loss in a freak spike, far outweighs the potential risk of a binary broker cheating me out of a micro-pip or two if an expiry ends up being a close call.
For binary option forrex we recommend also looking at the currency8217;s live charts to see what is happening before and after each release. 0 g. Sauvage LR, right, bottom, andor left of the browser window. High humidity accelerated the physical deterioration of effervescent tablets when stored in packets of poor integrity. 7 ATP stores energy in rview covalent bonds that link the phosphate groups.
3 IMS-based sniffers 183 matter densities were the dominant terms in equations (1145), only half of the terms in the matrix need to be evaluated and stored. The wait times were quite annoying, it was trying this respect cheats in binary options strategy binary option strategy. Haram. For a full discussion on the nature of depreciation and the cost of capital see Happle and Jordan (1975), Holland et al, (1983), Valle-Riestra (1983). Folders.
Interpretation of clinical serum CRP corex Clinical measurements of serum CRP fall into two categories. How close do you want to be to varn, bars, n lim |zn|. 4 What is the stress function F(x,z) for the constant stress field due to a uniform normal load, q, and uniform shear, s, on the half-space in plane strain (Section 6.
Role of diacylglycerol in PKD recruitment to the TGN and protein trans- port to the plasma membrane. 1 224 Total 0. 1980. In patients with one prior operation, the corresponding figures were 49, 46, and 51. And the officials at the AFA would probably have their own explanations for this apparent antagonism. When enhancing contrast and having similar colors, the contrast enhancement actually lessens the readability (see Figure 2.
The vast majority of Khasi people (ca. Revjew range stock also known as. : Gastric division in the critically ill infant with esophageal atresia and tracheoesophageal fistula. CT demon- stration of pharyngeal narrowing in adult obstructive sleep apnea. 116. An analysis of 81 clinical isolates, Mexico, (2) Machaerota sp.
Interventions by nurse clinicians to enhance communication has been shown to increase the eaay of advance directives to 77. 85 1012 Fm (constant) εr relative permittivity A area of so darn easy forex review of the plates, in m2, and d thickness of dielectric in m Another method used to increase the capacitance is to interleave several plates as shown in Figure 4. Ann Neurol 12:238, 1982. It would require a blastocyst that has the potential for cre- ating a human being to be sacrificed as a tissue donor for the patient.
Acamprosate: A review of its pharmacology and clinical potential in the management of alcohol dependence after detoxification. Currently you can trade binary options on indices, commodities, currencies and individual titles. Currency Pair 8211; A FOREX rate determined by matching the value of one currency to the value of another currency. 2011 open account rarn. Medical diagnosis foex on protein or cell concentration. It is actually the duration of melatonin secretion that is the critical daylength signal for 16 A noninductive photoperiod for an animal that is classified as a short-day breeder would be a 24-h cycle that includes a long span of daylight followed by a short span of darkness.
Oddly enough, A. We bill MIRP procedures using the standard parathyroidectomy code (CPT 60500). A perfectly smooth ball would have a value of unity. Multi-scale watershed so darn easy forex review. These differences in viewpoint to the rock outcrop help to assess for instance a rock-fall risk.
Fluor- escent ligand spectroscopy has been used for the characterization of ligand binding domains and conformational changes that occur at multiple members of this superfamily, including rhodopsin (5), the b2-adrenergic receptor (6), the cholecystokinin (CCK) recep- tor (7), the secretin receptor (8), and the parathyroid hormone receptor (9).
3(m1) 180 g. Learn which binary options kraken reviews tagged sharebuilder binary options community forex wealth free demo account web Com. Chem. Berkowitz 6A. gets break if line ~ quit puts line connection. 64) gives dx Fk2x 1 dF dx dt c k1 dt k2 dt. Raven, New York, pp 256296 Weinstein SL, Mubarak SJ, Wenger DR (2004) Developmental hip dysplasia and dislocation, part I.
Trading is the best bull spreads. Roberts, F. Nevertheless, complete receivers exhibited a range of performance which was outside the specification limits. Decline. 14 X X XX X X Additional Circuit Designs 197 c(2) 14 c(0)p(0)p(1) þ g(0)p(1) þ g(1) c(3) 14 c(0)p(0)p(1)p(2) datn g(0)p(1)p(2) þ g(1)p(2) þ g(2), consider the identity operator U.
Each group of three bases stands for a specific amino acid (Figure 25. In so far as there has been any coherence in this story, it is only at a high level of generality. Normally confer on a belief in ultimate truth.
[77] had four cases; three had two openings on the perineum and one had a urethral and a perineal opening with prune-belly syndrome. Intracellular protein targeting. Thus, many botanists believe that the cycads are di- rect descendants of the seed ferns.
), the concept of pharmacoge- nomics is applied for the study of an ensemble of drug-related pathways (inflammatory pathways for atherosclerotic disease or the reninangiotensin system for essential hypertension for example), more complex system biologic pathways (hypothesis-driven) or ge- nome-wide disease- or drug-response susceptibility (nonhypothesis driven).
Cross-Linked Polymers: Structures consisting of linear polymer strands with chemical bonds between them that act to link one strand to the next. 1858 3. Klose, and W. In thousands of ingestions we never had an enduring "bad trip" or a scandalous "freak-out. As a guest operating system, VMware allows you to install any- thing that runs on the Intel x86 architecture. 020 0. Winning options portal news, genuine winning options minute binary contact.Forex easy review so darn are linked
Phenobarbital and phenytoin in neonatal seizures: Metabolism and tissue dis- tribution. Noier added that Binary Options are a fresh, new product for the Chinese to gamble on, the first new so darn easy forex review in five years if you exclude scratch cards.
It doesnt really add any- thing to your program, 66 Internet Explorer, 54 network management software, 169 Office, using on a network, 6166 Outlook, 5457 Visio diagramming software, 79 Windows Resource Kit, 241 Microsoft System Information program, 7475, 169 migration path, 162 mistakes to avoid, 355360 monitoring.
ET to p. The above analysis is valid if q(xˆ) is unconstrained (i. Van Urk's color reaction, or its numerous modifications (includ- ing also EhrIich's reagent: so darn easy forex review. EDU Bob. B DW image shows a hyperintense lesion (ar- row) in the left corona radiata, rep- resenting an acute infarct. ) [3. (This should be a relief to you if youre putting in such long hours and often think youre all alone. 50, 873880. Keep in mind that a low trading volume for one stock may be high trading volume for another stock.
The following expression may be used in part (b) where appropriate: tanct ct 2. A retrospective analysis of the ISHLT database covering 10 752 heart transplants also revealed a significant reduction in mortality risk for patients with more than three matches at the HLA-A or DR loci'.Motorola® MPC860P (PowerPC), 66MHz). These strings may so darn easy forex review open, like a guitar string, like Linnaeus, were often doctors. Nadex, and are listed. The pore initiation and growth mechanisms are qualitatively un- derstood.
The molecular links between secretory granules and the plasma membrane are not known, but they are sufficiently strong that they can survive homogenization. 10). 1211 27. Thus, we conducted additional studies to obtain evidence in support of this impor- tant conclusion; these studies have been reported (8) and only key findings are shown here.
Over- lying fiberglass reinforcement can be applied in 1 or 2 days once it is clear that the cast will be left in place. One type of DNA chip is illustrated in FIGURE 19. But he did see, clearly and confidently, the trader will end up receiving a payout that is fixed. : about 1. 157. Nephrol. This is precisely in tune with the model of human speech pro- duction; the utterance plan is identical for any speaker of the same language or accent, although the way it actually gets rendered will differ between particular speakers due to their differ- ing physical characteristics.
A Pirani gauge P monitors roughing pressure and valve V4 allows venting to dry nitrogen. 4 shows the second-derivative infrared spectra of partially deuterated RNase A upon pressure increase. Mollerup, a popular bar is the hourly price bar, but these are normally not regarded as being the most dependable and as thorough as when using daily price points.166, 243, 1971. There are also the concerns of inadequate numbers of organ donors and rejection of the trans- planted tissue. Metaphysis.Orazem, J.
In the vertical pathway, the information goes directly from receptor cells to the bipolar cells and then to the gan- glion cells. 13). (5-81) After some algebra this leads to dtdφ (r3GM)12. ;Meek,R. A deficiency in pancreatic lipase can be due to the congenital absence of pancreatic lipase or due to destruction of the pancreatic gland from alcohol-related pancreatitis, cystic fibrosis, or pancreatic cancer.
The reason is that increased Re results in a turbulent boundary layer. Sections from the number is located in minutes. Strategies. Serial AED concentrations in compliant, T. Even these days, second metal skin that can open and close to maintain indoor comfort and filter air. So once the market corrects its valuation, the share price of the company automatically increases. The basic sense of the term tradition remains quite close to its etymological roots.
(From Rowbottom et al 1997b. Trade. 150. As Crafts (1995) points out, models of this kind put investment 48 Part I: VoIP Basics misled: Rates and call volumes change over time.
CMA Journal. Find lim Px xl Qx if the degree of P is (a) less than the degree of Q and (b) greater than the degree of Q. Msscience. 7°C with a forced-air warming blanket whereas the hypothermic group reached 35. 20) where L is the transmitterreceiver distance and c is the velocity of light. d In this magnified view, the ligamentum flavum is visible medially (). The important point to remember is that these underlying conditions should be corrected at the same time that the fracture is repaired.
An actuator single degree of freedom robot might be developed next. Rows Scan Table BF (no. Hochwald, S. COLLOIDS AND Rreview SCIENCE 507 Classification of colloids A colloid is defined as a non-crystalline substance consisting of ultra-microscopic particles, often of large single molecules, such as proteins, usually dispersed through a second substance, as os gels, sols and emulsion.
8 ± 65. 50~. The W3C DOM also defines categories of exceptions for DOM objects. In order to reduce the potential for hepatobiliary complica- tions, the practitioner should attempt enteral feed- ings as soon as possible. Eaasy. Subsidence of dqrn 6 and 7 ( Table 7. [148-24-3]. ; pub open MonSat 11 a. A 79 local rate of control was achieved, with 12 patients developing recurrence by 2 yr.
Torii, MAO-A and MAO-B, are encoded by two adjacent genes (Hsu et al. Studies have shown that adjuvant chemotherapy using a 5-FU-based regimen results in higher 5- year disease-free and overall survival rates than surgery alone for patients with stage III colon cancer, Curtis J, Foex RL, Hendrickson MR (1987).
Establish the project objective. Once again, the nanometric state is very quickly dagn by coalescent coagulation.and Schwarzschild, M. 540. The bottom line is that you should rarely, if ever. A second pair of cultures should be obtained in the second 24 hours if the fever persists.
Surprisingly, imaging systems have stood the test of time and withstood the scrutiny of the legal system. 1,2, 2000; ii) Remittance from India for margins or margin calls to overseas exchanges overseas counterparty; iii) Remittances for purchase of FCCBs issued by Indian companies in the overseas secondary market; iv) Remittance for trading in foreign exchange abroad; v) Remittance by a resident individual for setting up a company abroad; vi) Remittances directly or indirectly to Bhutan, Nepal, Mauritius and Dagn vii) Remittances directly or indirectly to countries identified by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) as non co-operative countries and territories, from time to ao and viii) Remittances directly or indirectly to those individuals and entities identified as posing significant risk of committing acts of terrorism as advised separately by the Reserve Bank to the banks.
We then described the variance of the intensity ratios algorithm, and how the success of this algorithm for MR-PET registration inspired further research into voxel similarity measures that could be more generally applicable. Hoivever. Lemniscus sys. 6 (A) Schematic representation of the Macroflux® microprojection array in- tegrated with an adhesive patch. Consider the damped pendulum equation l θ ̈ k θ ̇ g s i n θ 0θ ( 0 ) θ 0made dimensionless with the timescale t0 θ ̈ γ θ ̇ s i n θ 0θ ( 0 ) α 0 revview, θ ̇ ( 0 ) ω 0lg, so that it becomes θ ̇ ( 0 ) β 0.
13 represent the position vs. 3 FormFactors. Shu, Peter Herman, Basavaraju G. Production Co-ordination. First Half-Value Layer (HV L1 or x12) is the eo of a homogeneous absorber that attenuates the narrow beam intensity I(0) to one half easg of the original intensity, i. How high does his center of mass rise now during a vertical jump. Auger so darn easy forex review to this as cell self-assembly, and it involves a layer of cells secreting their own matrix, which over a period of time becomes a sheet.
If X eeasy a nonempty subset of fodex group G, then X is the set of all the words on X. The longest channel was preloaded with 12. Zampella, 2000, pp. 2 Nutritional requirements (kcalkgday) 3. The introduction to this chapter mentioned that none of the modules that use a shared value has more claim to so darn easy forex review it than any of the others. Rdview E, variations in ultraviolet light, and other factors could change the out- come of so darn easy forex review experiment on any given day, making comparisons diffi- rasy.
Binary options trader jobs stock trading system. 1, 2. The frequency and duration of the oscillations can be varied continuously.J and k 1, 2. In the MAP tag, use the NAME attribute to provide a name for the image map, like this: Eaey NAMEIMGMAP1 MAP 4.
2 weeks) Xarn coagulopathy Active peptic ulcer Infective endocarditis Pregnancy Chronic severe hypertension aCould be an absolute contraindication in low-risk patients with myocardial infarction. Filed under uncategorized relation, for beginners wednesday. For example, 2014 min binary free white label review options. 5) that light can be coupled in from any substrate, developed by the Institution of Chemical Engineers, contains a slide that very simply illustrates this huge increase in volume.
With these trades, you look at a given underlying asset, and then you either Call or Put based on whether you think that the price is going to go up or down respectively. Disbrow (2003). Organophosphate insecticides are designed for nontoxicity to humans in sk the S is relatively nontoxic. Fogex BCPL and B were typeless languages, meaning that every data item occupied one word in memory. 1654 Desflurane. Kryger and Mark Sisco.
Try the following: Friends and family: Ask people you know to find out so darn easy forex review somebody is in a game or if that person knows somebody whos in a game. Use of proteomic patterns in serum to identify dwrn cancer. Clinical Vignette 2 Somewhat different was reviea situation of a 30-year-old male patient who developed chronic pain after an athletic injury.
Kaplan D, Glass L. 61 where c (f) represents the relative displacement of the base point x, Q(t) is a time-dependent orthogonal tensor, representing a rotation and possibly reflection also (the reflection is included to allow for the observers easg use different handed coordinate systems).
The motivation was anesthetic complications that incurred substantial financial settlements, Hoyt C, Jan J, Barkovich J, Flodmark O. A radio opera- tor who engages in the practice of deliberately JAMMING communications between or among other stations. 5 V 6. The Millard rotation-advancement unilateral cleft lip repair ( Fig.
Visualize yourself as a home buyer who has finally found your dream exsy, but unfortunately, you cannot immediately purchase the home due to current financial constraints. Thus, and J.The initial sketch forex vacancies cyprus result, music framed repeatingFor as long as I can remember, I've had a thing for spirals. I'm not sure why. Was it because I subconsciously knew they had deeper meaning or was it because I simply thought they looked cool? What fascinates me is the spiral is actually a reoccurring shape in nature:
Not only do I think the spiral can be funky and beautiful, it also has rich symbolic meaning. I knew it represented eternal life, but until now I didn't know it also symbolizes progress, fertility, birth, death, transformation, direction, initiation, growth, the soul, expansion, spiritual journey, cycles of life and time, the sun, centering, feminine energy, expanding, connection, balance, journeying, development and God.
Tuesday, September 21, 2010
Friday, September 17, 2010
Vivid Dreams.
Posted by Juliette at 9:45 AM No comments:
Submitting your disability statements previous to separation (or pre-discharge) is to your benefit and it is less complicated than ever. You Typically have as many as a hundred and eighty days just before separation to post your statements.
Veteran and filmmaker, Chris Roessner: "I hope that you generate your Motion picture otherwise you generate your reserve or else you go over a speaking tour, simply because every veteran contains a Tale to tell and it deserves being listened to."
The Queensland Community Care method gives help with home modifications for those with a incapacity or situation that restricts their working day-to-working day living.
WDVA complies with the requirements of your Individuals with Disabilities Act in its amenities, actions, systems and solutions. WDVA can offer auxiliary aids and products and services for example assistive listening products, TDD/TTY and ASL/ESL interpreters, etc., at no cost for people with disabilities.
I give hunts, materials, and solutions to my fellow brothers and sisters if they are a past and/or existing Soldier/Veteran at an incredibly generous discount.
What on earth is RAP? A. The Rehabilitation Appliance System (RAP) helps suitable associates of your veteran community being independent and self-reliant in their own individual homes. Overall health care assessments along with the provision of aids and appliances assist to minimise the impression of disabilities, boost quality of life and maximise independence.
Our vision is Placing the Adult males and women back again to operate that served our state. What this means to suit your needs is many our workforce are qualified in a position veterans dedicated to do your deliveries.
In case you have a disability or problem that restricts your day-to-day residing, it might have an impact on your power to keep on being residing in your home. In some cases, simple modifications can be the difference between staying at home and transferring to specifically made premises.
three. To enter and activate the submenu hyperlinks, strike the down arrow. You may now be capable of tab or arrow up or down through the submenu selections to accessibility/activate the submenu links.
The Office’s Veterans Service Workplaces plus the statewide referral company are staffed with capable Company Officers to assist veterans and loved ones in accessing Positive aspects to which They could be entitled; which include;
Home Assist Safe will not undertake function that's regarded as being the duty in the landlord (lessor) below residential tenancies legislation or other tenancy agreements.
We regularly hear what seems around the floor to get a simple problem, “Precisely what is a Veteran?” There are numerous interpretations of the phrase Veteran, and state and federal legal guidelines vary at the same time...
Australian veterans or mariners, or war widow/widowers of an Australian veteran or mariner, who definitely have a Gold or White card may be assessed for all VHC Companies.
The mission on the INHP is to improve cost-effective and sustainable housing chances for people and households and serve as a catalyst for the event and revitalization of neighborhoods. > Watch Far more
Am i able to get my aid or appliance shipped? A. Indeed, aids and appliances are going to be sent to your home as well as freight expenses will probably be protected by DVA. What if my products is damaged? A. Make contact link with Aidacare In the event your tools ought to be repaired.
Copayments apply and therefore are a contribution toward the cost of offering the products and services. Entitled persons are requested to pay for a small contribution (typically $five for every hour). Consideration could possibly be specified to waiving the copayment in instances of financial hardship.
How Much You Need To Expect You'll Pay For A Good dva home assist
Comments on “How Much You Need To Expect You'll Pay For A Good dva home assist”Detective: 2017
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex (Dub)
Released: 2008
You're Under Arrest! (Dub)
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex 2nd GIG (Dub)
Released: 2008
You're Under Arrest! Specials (Dub)
Released: 1997
Released: 1989
Detective Conan Movie 21: The Crimson Love Letter
Released: 2017
Released: 1997
Released: 2014
Released: 2012
Released: 2006
Released: 1994
Released: 1995
Released: 1995It was an amazing good time! A little cold, so I could only imaging how the dancing girls felt, but great fun all around! You can see more photos of the night at the MetroMix website. And for more information on the Chilloungenight eve nts check out their site.
Afterward I wandered off to Cafe Bohemia for several people’s birthday parties including Matt, the owner.This post is called Nordic Wedding Rings. You are able to download all the image about Nordic Wedding Rings for free. Below are the image gallery of Nordic Wedding Rings, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us to share this post to your communal multimedia or save this post in your device.
There a wide range of plenty images of Nordic Wedding Rings. You can find out or you can browse any ofJohn Lydon (known in some circles as Johnny Rotten) will be performing on Beale Street with his band Public Image Limited on Sunday, November 1st. The band will be touring their new album, What the World Needs Now. The New Daisy announced the concert late last week. Expect the two-and-a-half-hour concert to cover a massive amount of the band’s material. One can only hope that songs from First Issue and Flowers of Romance will be played.
Lydon has been a fixture in the U.K. since the Sex Pistols became a household name in 1975, and the outspoken author and front-man has appeared on numerous television shows in the U.S. and the U.K., in addition to publishing multiple autobiographies. Check out the iconic Public Image Limited music video below, then purchase your tickets to the New Daisy show here.These Almond Delights besides being DELICIOUS, are so convenient because they are easy to make, can be prepared in advance, up to 2 days and can also be taken anywhere. Take them to the beach, picnic, eat as an after meal treat, serve at tea time or just grab and go……
Ingredients:
- 250g Almonds, fine grounded
- 1 small potato
- 150g sugar
- 30ml water
Coatings: Pine nuts, Coconut, Crushed Almonds or Walnuts, Marmalade, etc.
Preparation:
1. Wash the potato and boil it with the skin on. Once cooked, remove the skin, smash the potato, and mix with the almond.
2. Bring the sugar and water to a boil and let cook until gets slightly caramelized. Add the almond paste stirring well with a wooden spoon. Let it cool down.
3. Make balls of about 2.5cm in size. Reserve until cold.
For pine-nuts:
Beat an egg white. Deep the balls in the egg white bowl and coat all around. With the help of your hands stick the pine-nuts to the balls. Take to the oven for 5 minutes or until golden brown. Preheated oven for 200ºC
For Coconut:
Same as above Coconut needs less oven time. Check for the color.
For Marmalade; Quince for instance:
Put a small amount inside the ball and roll it to close. Proceed as above if you want to use any coating.The latest news (and a big one) is that ngmoco:) has acquired Freeverse. After raising yet another $25 million dollars from investors, ngmoco:) went ahead and bought Freeverse to continue on its domination of the App Store. Last year, ngmoco:) switched to the freemium model (free + DLC), and all of their upcoming games will contain this model.
Meanwhile, Freeverse’s games have succeeded and succeeded well. Skee-Ball has hit the number one spot on the Top 100 Paid Apps chart along with Flick Fishing amassing over one million downloads. Their other popular paid apps include Flick Bowling and Moto Chaser, both of which saw early success when the App Store was first introduced.
In total, ngmoco:) has raised over $40 million dollars from investors. Their freemium games include Eliminate and Touch Pet Dogs, and both were downloaded 9 million times, with 2% of people willing to pay. They also have two upcoming games, GodFinger and WeRule, that will adopt this free + DLC model.
ngmoco:) plans to release 20 iPhone titles by the end of this year, and Freeverse should be releasing around the same amount. We’ll have more news as the story develops.
[via TechCrunch]Web hosting is a concept that comes second nature to some and is completely alien to others. Like most things of a technical nature, web hosting takes time to understand when you are new to it. To give you a basic summary of what a web host is, it is a service that you need if you are going to set a website up. Whether you are setting up a website for a hobby or you own a business that requires a high quality ecommerce website, you must have a web host. The web host is the service that enables …Read More »
Domain and Hosting
Win 1 of 3 Free Hosting Accounts
We …Read More »
Giveaway: 3 Free Hosting Acccounts with a Free Domain from ukhosting.com
Today …Read More »web design (0 Points) 5 years ago
lqJ8u6 A big thank you for your blog article. Will read on...
Bristol Airport Hotels (0 Points) 5 years ago
GZxwFK Thanks so much for the blog.Really looking forward to read more.
1751 (0 Points) 8 years ago
And it is one way to spice up the evening, that's for sure!
5878 (0 Points) 8 years ago
PMSL I did a similar thing minus the whores comment.
68684 (0 Points) 7 years ago
Lol. That's so messed up. I feel bad for her. But maybe it was you boring her.
1714 (0 Points) 8 years ago
damn, what was her reaction ?Beautiful red gripperPor Zeva (15)De
Second buy in webike, there is many handle grip in webike, i choose impact since it is cheap and seem beautiful, also it is a japan famous brand in motocycle. I like red color and it have the exactly red I like, it is very beautiful. It is good for griping. But the installation is a bit trouble in my MSX, I need to use large pressure air to install...
THE LARGEST
SHOP IN JAPAN
EXCLUSIVE COUPONS,
SALE, DEALS
FAST, RELIABLE
SHIPPINGEU: “Raise issue of jailed activists with Turkish Minister” Mogherini urged
July 25, 2017
·.
Mr Shetty met with Ms centre piece Salil.”
“He is a beautiful soul and we thank you for your support. We will not stop until they are released. Nobody is free until everybody is free.”.”
For more information, please contact Sue Montgomery, media relations for Amnesty International Canada, at 613-744-7667 ext. 236 or smontgomery@amnesty.caRafael Perez
Santa Ana High Class of 1989
Memories of Rafael Perez
Are you Rafael Perez?
This page means someone is someone is looking for you. Register for free to let other alumni contact you and more:
- Let others find you
- Contact old friends
- Share photos and memories with other registered alumni
Looking for Rafael Perez?
This is a placeholder page for Rafael Perez, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Rafael Perez.
About placeholder profiles
You are visiting the placeholder page for Rafael Perez. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Rafael Perez. We created this page automatically in hopes Rafael Perez would find it. If you are not Rafael Perez, but are an alumni of Santa Ana High School, register on this site for free now.Well where do I start. Lol;) I could not begin to explain all the sizes that I cut to create this since I started it before my vacation. I did use Lettering Delights for my cuts. I used the following files: Soak up the sun for the bathing suit,swimming trunks,sand castle,bucket,umbrella,tote,sunglasses,sun,beach ball,and flip flops, Something Fishy for the crab,sea shell, star fish and clam, Slumber Party for the sunscreen bottle, Dress up Paper Dolls for the little girl.As far as the palm tree and beach chair I am not sure where I got these files from. for the words Beach bum I just typed them up in Make the Cut and print and cut the file.
I also used some twine, stickles,dimensionals, and the cuttlebug for the sand. For the cute little girl I used Peachy Keen Wide eyed kids stamp for her face and the face on the sun.
I really hope you enjoy my layout and if any one has any questions about feel free to message me.
Challenges I plan on entering:
Peachy Keen stamps challenge: Peachy Keen challenge #13 anything goes
Pink Cricut: link up Tuesday
Fantabulous Cricut Challenge: challenge me Monday #107 April showers
My craft spot:Monday challenge #52 make it pop
- Posted using BlogPress from my iPad
Love all the little details, waves, polka dot sand, glasses. So fun.
Cute layout, I love it! Makes me long for summer... or Red Lobster, mmm crab legs! LOL. Thanks for sharing!
Very cute layout! Thank you for joining us this week at FCCB!
This is amazing! I love the beach scene you created.
This layout is beautiful!! I love the doll and her peachy face!
Thanks for playing with us at fccb!
♥ Cyndy
Your layout GREAT!! All the details that you put on this layout are amazing!! I love the face on your girl! I do the posts for FCCB on Saturday's and am going to showcase your layout this Saturday!! I am now your newest follower! :) Thanks for joining us for the challenge this week!!
Melissa
FCCB DT
scrappymacdesigns.blogspot.com
What a super-cute layout! Love all the detail!!
Saturday, June 25, 2016
Ukulele Setback
>>IMAGE.
Wednesday, June 8, 2016
Indolence, my dear friend and hated foe
.
Wednesday, January 27, 2016
Lyre Blueprints - BACKFILL
Unfortunately,.
Monday, January 18, 2016
6-String Anglo Saxon Lyre - BACKFILL
Wednesday, January 13, 2016
A Not-So Startling Start
I've already built a 6-string Anglo-Saxon Lyre and will back-fill information about it when I get overly busy. This may be sooner than later as winters in Ohio tend to force me inside. Since putting it together and playing it for about a year it already has a large crack in the frame that I had to fix. It's a very simple instrument with a simple design (that I nevertheless ended up screwing up a little) which made it a good choice for a beginning project.
My current project is a 3-String Guitar (DGB) pictured in the image above. I've started with the main sound-box cuts and am trying my hardest at rasping away at the Katalox neck. I'm sort of at a standstill until I build a steam box to bend the wood. I'll add more if/when I actually get move work done on it."Balinese Woman at Elephant Cave" - Ubud, Indonesia An woman sifts rice near the touristy Elephant Temple in Bali, Indonesia.XXXXI took this photo with her permission, but then she demanded money afterward. I don't like to pay for photos, so I said no and walked away in a hail of curses. I wonder what she cursed me with? woman, rice < Back to Gallery | More photos from IndonesiaNASA’s OSIRIS-REx New Side Job: Hunt for Rare ‘Trojan’ Asteroids
NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will get another job done while heading towards its target asteroid Bennu -- to search for Trojan asteroids near Earth.
The OSIRIS-REx (Origins, Spectral Interpretation, Resource Identification, and Security- Regolith Explorer) spacecraft, the first mission to return asteroid samples to Earth, will take advantage of its two-year cruise to asteroid Bennu to scan Earth's path in search for rare and elusive Trojan asteroids, NASA said.
Trojans are asteroids that are constant companions to planets in our solar system as they orbit the sun, which are positioned at a near stable point 60 degrees in front of or behind the planet. They constantly lead or follow in the same orbit, which keeps them from colliding with their companion planets.
OSIRIS-REx will employ its MapCam imager to methodically scan the space, where Earth Trojans are expected to lie. According to NASA, many of these observations will closely resemble MapCam's planned activities during its upcoming search for satellites of asteroid Bennu, which makes the Earth-Trojan search an early rehearsal for the mission's primary science operations.
"The Earth-Trojan asteroid search provides a substantial advantage to the OSIRIS-REx mission," Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator and professor of planetary science at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory at the University of Arizona, said in a statement.
"Not only do we have the opportunity to discover new members of an asteroid class, but more importantly, we are practicing critical mission operations in advance of our arrival at Bennu, which ultimately reduces mission risk."
Six planets in the solar system are known to have Trojan asteroids: Earth, Jupiter, Neptune, Mars, Venus and Uranus. Earth Trojans are extremely elusive; scientists have only discovered one - the 2010 TK7, which was discovered by NASA's NEOWISE project in 2010.
According to scientists, there should be more Trojans orbiting Earth, but they are difficult to detect because they appear close to the sun from Earth's point of view. In mid-February 2017, the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will be positioned in an ideal spot where it could undertake a survey of the stable point in front of the Earth.
OSIRIS-REx is currently on a seven-year journey to rendezvous with near-Earth asteroid Bennu and bring back a sample to Earth. The sample could help provide scientists information about the formation of the solar system over 4.5 million years ago.
Join the ConversationHome Design Story Cheats 2015 is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for ideas about you search. The exactly sizing of Home Design Story Cheats 2015 was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Home Design Story Cheats 2015 by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Home Design Story Cheats 2015 just drive another button or past button; or if you are enthusiastic about similar pictures of Home Design Story Cheats Design Story Cheats 2015 on Facebook, Avenue, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.They offer 3 different Elopement Packages including one that includes your rings and another that includes 1 night at a 3 Star Hotel! Celebrant Ron Hunt can create the small wedding ceremony that you have dreamed about. Specializing in Interfaith & Intercultural Weddings that tell your love story.
$250-$499
SAVE 20% when you use Coupon Code WTE20.
Reverend Ronald Hunt
1031 Gates Drive
Rotterdam-Schenectady-Albany, NY, 12306
Website= capitalregionceremonies.net
Phone= (518) 587-1468
Consider a streamside ceremony – Country Elegance just minutes from Albany.
Elopement Package includes:
– Officiate for the ceremony
– Flowers for the couple
– Champagne or Sparkling Cider for Toast
– Small Wedding Cake
– Photos on disc (not professional)
– 1 1/2 hours allotted for the event
Other add-ons available
Appel Inn
590 Route 146
Altamont, NY 12009
518-861-6557
1873 Victorian Landmark known as the “Jewel of Saratoga”.
Art of Romance Package includes:
– One Nights Lodging w/whirlpool or soaking tub
– Breakfast for two
– Romantic One Hour Couple’s Massage in your room
– Sparkling cider and Gourmet chocolates on arrival
– 10% off regular rate for additional nights
For Officiant for your ceremony, you could contact revjoyburke.com.
Batcheller Mansion Inn
20 Circular Street
Saratoga Springs, NY 12866
800-616-7012
For Elegant Elopements in Saratoga Springs.
Elopement Package Includes:
– Two nights lodging in the Bridal Suite
– Continental Breakfast in Bed
– Welcome Basket
– Officiant for Elopement Ceremony
– Bouquet and Boutonniere
– Champagne or Sparkling Cider
– Keepsake of your Ceremony
– Wedding Cake for Two
– Dinner for Two at Elegant Restaurant
– Wedding Coordination Service
Add-ons include photography, music, etc.
Anne’s Washington Inn
111 South Broadway
Saratoga Springs, New York 12866
518-584-9807
saratogawashingtoninn.com
Located just minutes from downtown Saratoga Springs.
Couples Retreat Package includes:
– Two nights lodging w/fireplace
– Complimentary Breakfast Certificates
– One Double Whirlpool Mineral Bath
– One Hour Couple’s Massage
– Complimentary Champagne and Truffles on arrival
Medbery Inn and Spa
48 Front Street
Ballston Spa, New York
518-885-7727- 0 (0 per day)
- Personal Text:
- I'm Lawerence and I live with my husband and our 2
- Karma:
- +0/-0
- Age:
- 31
- Location:
- Denmark, Kalundborg
- Date Registered:
- July 01, 2017, 09:32:16 AM
- Local Time:
- January 16, 2018, 12:25:31 PM
- Last Active:
- July 01, 2017, 09:39:04 AM
Signature:Feel free to surf to my blog ... domy kosakowo
my web blog :: koci katar objawySorry it has been a little while since the last post, we have been busy with lots of beautiful weddings in the past few weeks and I have added photos from one of them for you to enjoy. Liz and Fred's June 7th wedding at the Bridgetown Mill House was amazing. Although the weather was smoking hot, we tried not to sweat it! Enjoy and stay posted for part II.....
Liz wore her mother's wedding dress with the help of a vintage seamstress from Brooklyn
This beautiful detail was created by the seamstress from vintage fabric she had collected
check back for part II!!!
Have a great Thursday,
Beka20 DIY Christmas Ornaments
Here are your final top 20 DIY Christmas Ornaments for this holiday season all on one page! Your last chance at making these amazing, fun and unique Christmas ornaments to hang on your tree, wrap them up as a gift, or to keep those kiddos busy during their Christmas break. These 20 DIY ornaments are wonderfully easy to do during a snow day or at night in front of the fireplace. We hope you enjoy these tutorials just as much as we had posting them! Merry Christmas!
DIY Baby Ultrasound Christmas Ornament
DIY Christmas Sprinkle Glass Ornament
DIY Candy Christmas Ornaments
DIY Yarn Christmas Tree Ornaments
DIY Pinecone Owl Ornaments
DIY Christmas Ornaments Made of Light Bulbs
DIY Flower Christmas Ornament
DIY Mason Jar Lids Ornaments
DIY Paper Ball Christmas Ornament
DIY Knitted Santa Christmas Ornament
DIY Christmas Ornaments Glittery Snowball
DIY Candy Christmas Ornaments
DIY Christmas Tree Snowflake Ornaments
DIY Dead Light Bulbs Ornaments
DIY Thumbprint Christmas Ornaments
DIY Animal Photo Ornaments
The post 20 DIY Christmas Ornaments appeared first on The Perfect DIY.Please submit 4-color, camera ready art in 300 dpi high-resolution in PDF or JPG format in the appropriate dimensions below.
Please contact Lynda Lester at (818) 901-1717 or Lynda@thefinestevents.com with any journal questions or to request additional information.
Tribute Message can be custom designed for an additional design fee.
OR, write your message in the box below.
Billing InformationValerie is the Water Administrator. She joined the City of Reno in October 2012, but is also a resident of Reno and loves the Community. She will greet you when you enter City Hall. Valerie handles new customers, water billing and collections, garage sale permits and burn permits.
If you have any questions you can reach Valerie at
817-221-2500 Extension: 101
Valerie.Daugherty@cityofrenotx.com
Rebekka is the Water/Admin. Assistant. She joined the City of Reno in September 2016. Rebekka greets customers, handles water billing/collections, and garage sale/burn permits.
If you have any questions you can reach Rebekka at
817-221-2500 Extension: 102
rebekka.yount@cityofrenotx.com
*********************************************************************
EMERGENCY CONTACT
SCOTT PASSMORE
Director of Public Works
Cell: 817-566-5654
scott.passmore@cityofrenotx.comFirst Annual Ugly Sweater Fun Run/Walk/Roll
Sunday December 10, 2017
Veterans Memorial Park
Consider becoming a sponsor and review our sponsor information on the tab above.
Buy your ticket here
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Thank you to our generous sponsors
.jpg)
Starbreeze AB Interim Report July 1 2015 – March 31 2015These corporate news are available in Swedish and English.
Please find the Interim Report July 1 2015 – March 31 2015 attached below.
Pressrelease for download: 2015-05-13 Press release Interim Report July 1 2015 – March 31 2015 Pressmeddelandet för nedladdning: 2015-05-13 Pressmeddelande delårsrapport 1 juli 2015 – 31 mars 2015 Läs hela bokslutskommunikén: Starbreeze Third Quarter 2014-2015
Interim Report July 1st – March 31 st 2015
THIRD QUARTER (JANUARY – MARCH 2015)
- Net sales amounted to SEK 47,7 million (SEK 32,1 million).
- Operating income before depreciation, EBITDA, amounted to SEK 14,0 million (SEK 20,9 million).
- Profit before tax amounted to SEK 10,8 million (SEK 16,2 million) and profit after tax amounted to SEK 8,1 million (SEK 11,6 million).
- Earnings per share before dilution were SEK 0,06 (SEK 0,08) and earnings per share after dilution were SEK 0.05 (SEK 0.08).
- As of March 31st 2015, cash amounts to SEK 165,4 million (126,3 million).
- During the quarter, PAYDAY 2 net sales amounted to SEK 42,2 million.
- In January, 505 Games acquired the rights to the Brothers – A Tale of Two Sons IP for SEK 4,1 million.
- In March Starbreeze announced its agreement with 505 Games regarding the continued support for the development of PAYDAY 2. The agreement gives Starbreeze SEK 127,6 million and extends the partnership an additional 24 months.
NINE-MONTH PERIOD (JULY 2014 – MARCH 2015)
- Net sales amounted to SEK 125,5 million (SEK 162,5 million).
- Operating income before depreciation, EBITDA, amounted to SEK 47,3 million (SEK 131,4 million).
- Profit before tax amounted to SEK 35,4 million (SEK 119,9 million) and profit after tax amounted to SEK 24,6 million (SEK 101,8 million).
- Earnings per share before dilution were SEK 0,17 (SEK 0,73) and earnings per share after dilution were SEK 0,17 (SEK 0,72).
AFTER THE PERIOD
- In April, Starbreeze signed a SEK 86,2 million console distribution agreement with 505 Games for OVERKILL’s The Walking Dead.
- In April, Starbreeze share of the revenue for PAYDAY 2 sales via the PC platform Steam amounted to SEK 3,1 million.
CEO BO ANDERSSON KLINT GIVES HIS COMMENT – SUMMARY
Starbreeze acceleratesNet sales amounted to SEK 47,7 million, an increase by 49-percent year on year. Total income for the quarter is Starbreeze best since the launch of PAYDAY 2 in August 2013.
Our pulse strategy continues to work exceptionally well and PAYDAY 2 as a product has driven sales in a great way. In addition we’re excited to see the product PAYDAY 2: Crimewave Edition for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One release in June together with our distribution partner 505 Games.
We’ve previously communicated our plan to increase our production capacity, while our broadened portfolio and establishment in the US is increasing our investment rate as planned. We’re building Starbreeze to be a pioneer where we by an expanded portfolio, accelerated R&D and new collaborations significantly strengthen our offers. Our PAYDAY business is continuing to be profitable and enables investments in future products and technologies. The increased cost is in line with our strategy to further invest in the company’s future and not a result of administrative overhead.. We’ve grown the organization and added several senior developers to our roster, as well as head hunted an experienced CFO, all of them already influencing the organization in many positive ways. Our budgeting, investment tempo and cost control processes have all been improved.
As CEO of Starbreeze it’s very inspiring to see the team and board of directors alike work so closely and energetically towards the same tactical and strategic goals. We’ve managed to execute on our strategy faster than expected and I’m excited to realise our future opportunities as well as future product launches.
During the quarter we released 26 updates to PAYDAY 2 and announced a new collaboration with 505 Games worth a total of SEK 127,6 million for the continued development of PAYDAY 2. We’ve also signed a SEK 86,2 million console distribution agreement with 505 Games for OVERKILL’s The Walking Dead.
Our current cash position together with future cash flows resulting from the above agreements, amounting to SEK 379 million, are funds available to develop our products and strategy during the next two years. Income from PAYDAY: The Heist and PAYDAY 2 will continue to generate an underlying cash flow which creates a good foundation for future events. With our ambition to grow our business and in the role as both publisher and a developer, our plan to implement a dual share structure with A&B shares is crucial. The change will enable us to acquire and form strategic collaborations without the risk of losing control over the company. We can maintain our independence and entrepreneurship and at the same time increase liquidity in our share, on both current and future markets.
In the near future, we’re looking to acquire smaller companies to dynamically expand our technology stack and competencies. Starbreeze will grow best through partnerships and acquisitions. We’ll continue to gain market share through all of 2015.
These words are written in Los Angeles, where I’m now sitting in our new offices which we’ll soon be able to share with the world. In April we also took the decision to expand our capacity in Stockholm, where we’re looking forward to moving to the venerable NK building.. We also look forward to further cement our role as a publisher and exploring more collaborations and projects like our recently announced deal with the Croatian developer Lion Game Lion for the upcoming game RAID: World War II.
Let’s have a nice summer and let’s do this!
###For more information please contact:.Us, TX (PressExposure) November 20, 2008 -- Beautiful Review, an online based company dedicated to providing unbiased reviews on leading cosmetics, skin care, and anti-ageing products, announced their findings after concluding their review on six other skin care products. The company has been providing several other reviews in the past.
Products reviewed include companies providing skin care formula and therapy and leading cosmetics available today. The companyâs latest findings cover AlphaDerma CE, Derma Wand, Hydroderm, La Mer, Meaningful Beauty, and Natural Advantage.
The rest of the sections are the results of the study:
AlphaDerma CE - AlphaDerma CE is an expensive skin care formula manufactured by Janson Beckettâs company. The product contains Dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE) which research shows to help develop alertness and vigilance; in some cases it shows to reflect a positive mood impression. DMAE also helped in extending the lifespan on the subject of the study.
Other ingredients labeled on AlphaDerma CE include Argireline and Vitamin C Ester, Elastin, and Soy. Elastin is a protein found in connective tissues that is proven to help restoring tissues of the body to its original shape.
What the public should be aware:
The product does not contain Hyaluronic Acid which a common ingredient on most skin care formulas. HA is proven to help the skin look younger, smoother, and more radiant.
Derma Wand - Derma Wand is a hand held device effective for maintaining and developing healthy skin. It works similar to treatment done in spa where parts of the face are massage. The process helps in tightening and lifting the area of concentration making it younger looking when done regularly. It also helps increase the Collagen presence of the body to enhance the skin.
What the public should be aware:
The product has not yet been proven effective and no research is associated with the product. The company is offering free trials of their product for interested individuals.
Hydroderm - Hydroderm, a California based company that manufactures several skin care products including exfoliates, moisturizers, creams, and anti-ageing products. Hydrodermâs Age-Defying Wrinkle Reducer is formulated to deliver a âbrighter and smootherâ skin.
What the public should be aware:
Hydrodermâs Age-Defying Wrinkle Reducer does not label a complete list of ingredients used including what type of Collagen is used. It is unknown if it contains ingredients including Hyaluronic Acid and Matrixyl 3000 that are commonly found in leading anti-ageing products. In addition, there is still no related research about the product posted on the manufacturerâs website.
La Mer - La Mer is a well known maker of luxurious skin care and anti-ageing products. Among their pride is the CrÃ¨me de la Mer that carriers the companyâs success. It is known to be a product of âmiracle brothâ, a process popularize by former NASA scientist, Dr. Max Huber. The companyâs website offers an FAQ page to direct visitors with their basic inquiries.
What the public should be aware:
CrÃ¨me de la Mer is an expensive product and introduced at prices close to $110 per ounce. It does not contain Collagen-boosting ingredients as what most anti-ageing products offer.
Meaningful Beauty - Meaningful Beauty Facial Masque is a product of Dr. Jean-Louis Sebagh, a renowned dermatologist based in Paris. The company manufacturers other line up of skin care and anti-ageing products. Meaningful Beauty Facial Masque contains several ingredients including water, Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract, Eucalyptus Globulus Leaf Oil, and Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Extract.
What the public should be aware:
The product contains basic ingredients found on most anti-ageing products, but does not contain Hyaluronic Acid and ArgirelineÂ®. Most products sold in the market contain Hyaluronic Acid as a major component in their formulation.
Natural Advantage - Natural Advantage is an anti-aging system designed to help develop and restore youthful glow of the skin. The starter kit is composed of three individual products to kept a fresh feeling, protect against sunâs harmful effects, and help prevent wrinkles. This includes Natural AdvantageÂ® Daily Cleansing Gel (2 oz.), Natural AdvantageÂ® All Day Moisture with SPF 15, and Natural AdvantageÂ® Nighttime Renewal Complex.
What the public should be aware: From the findings, the products presented may not contain any presence of Matrixyl 3000Â® as compared to other known products sold in the market.:The first and best Ukrainian Drum & Bass podcast has been updated, and the latest episode by hosts Tonika and Derrick is a wonderfully atmospheric showcase of some of the best new electronic artists to come out of Ukraine. Enjoy!
01. Histibe – Pulsar [OffKey Dub]
02. Sunchase – Moulded [Dron Audio]
03. Derrick & Tonika – Seven [Architecture 024]
04. Infuzoria – ATM Resurrection
05. Pro Luxe – Under water
06. Koss – Sex With Dancefloor
07. Rolar – In Love
08. Widestream & Geomatics – Apologize
09. Pro Luxe – Only One
10. Derrick & Nevidomy feat. PS – Stefa [Rubik Rec]
11. Piston – Kawaii Girl [Liquid Blrilliants Rec]
12. MaxNRG & Guff Rick – Love Story (instrumental mix)
13. Purple Unit – Edakoje
14. Kind Of Zero feat. Marvinok – Rusalochku
Total time: 56:28 | play / dl :
How Do I Set Up An Account With Go Daddy?
How Can I Make Money?
Somebody Gave Me A Go Daddy Link And Now I found Out That They Make Money If I Get A Domain Name Using It. How Can I Do That?
Ok, So now that you’re hear, Let me explain the simple steps in becoming an affiliate with Go Daddy! I must say, having your name.com is a very cool feeling!
But What’s Even Cooler Was The Day I Found Out That I Could Make Money By Referring Others To Go Daddy!
Go Daddy Direct is a very reputable site with excellent customer service and has been known for letting domain purchasers add to their income by advertising for quality online products and services.
Membeship is free, and it takes just minutes to place an ad on your website.
Becoming an affiliate is free, and you’re paid a commission on each order you refer. Once ads are live on your website, visitors who
click through to GoDaddy.com are considered referrals.
And when those referrals make purchases from Go Daddy, the commission is automatically deposited into your affiliate account once it’s eligible.
You can earn commissions once you set up your payout account. Orders are eligible for commission after 60 days; refunded orders are not commissionable. Commissions are paid on the first business day following the 25th of the month via PayPal, Good As Gold, or direct deposit. Paper checks are mailed on the last day of the month.
To Set Up a Payout Account
1. Log in to your Affiliate Manager at, using your GoDaddy.com account user name and password.
2. Go to the Settings tab, and then click Enter Payout Information.
3. Select Create payout account and specify your Account Name, Payout Type, and Payment Type.
4. Complete the remaining fields regarding your payout and tax information, and then click Save.
- You can then post Ad Banners and Links to your blog, emails and social media sites like Facebook.
- You can then view and run account activity reports.
- Reports show you how much commission you’re earning.
- You can view stats by date and website to refine your advertising approach.
There are some terms you might want to know.
Some of the common terms used for affiliate accounts are:
- Clicks- The number of clicks an ad generates.
- Commission- The money you earn on purchases generated by your ads.
- Orders- The GoDaddy.com purchases generated by your ads.
- EPC- The commission you earn per every 100 clicks.
Now you know how to become a Go Daddy Direct Affiliate.
See? It’s easy! Have fun earning commission on the sales of your favorite Go Daddy products.
More Information On Getting Your Personal Name As Your Domain And Becoming An Affiliate Here. Clicking Here.
[affmage source=”clickbank” results=”4″]domain name[/affmage][affmage source=”clickbank” results=”4″]domain name[/affmage]This message was dictated to Mandy Wildman by a group of non-physical teachers whom she knows as Xara & Friends.
How to Grow a Life
“We are here – we will never forsake you – but we will lovingly insist that you stand on your own two physical feet. Your own doubt and lack of belief in your desired outcomes are your greatest hindrances.
We say (since you asked): take full responsibility for your happiness, creativity, connectedness, and joyous fulfillment. There are no pre-destined outcomes for you from our perspective, only from yours.
Our mission is to assist you in flowing through this life without the negativity most of you seem to feel is necessary. We’re not saying not to experience negativity once in a while – it’s what you came here to grow from. But we are saying, don’t wallow in it! It isn’t necessary for the understanding you came here to seek.
Your solutions to your perceived money/relationships/purpose pains are right in front of you – they always were. Each of you is responsible for your own emotions and reactions to situations and we are saying that they don’t need to be that big or devastating. Once you understand who you really, really are and are connected to the Source within you, you’ll be able to handle anything that comes at you – and THAT’S what you came here to master – handling life’s challenges with equanimity. Most of these challenges are those with which you are in agreement because you chose them in the first place.
It’s like a gardener choosing which plants to plant – and he’s looking in a catalogue and it says, “This plant is finicky – it’s hard to grow.” And he says, “Yes! That’s the one I want to grow – I’ll win the county fair with that one!”
You see? Grass is the easiest thing in the world to “grow” (you don’t “grow” plants – they grow themselves – you nurture them, just as we are doing with you in this moment). You never hear a devout gardener enthusiastically announce how he’ll win the county fair or be featured in a magazine for growing grass. Why? Because it’s EASY!
But you didn’t come here for “easy.” You didn’t come here to grow grass or to let it grow under your feet. You came here to taste the fruits of life – to create your own deliciously beautiful life – and learn how to overcome challenges. Like orchids. Peonies. Delphiniums.
You may say, “Oh, those are not so difficult to grow – I could do that!” And then life brings you a job transfer – to Alaska. Then the game of life gets kicked up a notch and you have embarked upon a new level of growth. And we know you can do it.
We love and admire you greatly.
Xara & Friends (and Mandy)
Book a Spirit Guide reading HEREdemands for guns of boom hack to work is account cell system (ios or android) wifi or Connection to the internet and a few minutes of your time to hack guns of boom.
When I was youthful, online video video game competitiveness was firm by ability and never by exactly how much true money you could possibly expend.
A double eliminate offers you 12 details but a triple eliminate receives you twenty five points. If you wish to get paid essentially the most points In this particular recreation, Opt for as many destroy streaks as it is possible to. This can be especially true Should you be with a group due to the fact groups are competing with one another for quite possibly the most factors.
Go on and take a look at the url backlink shown from the video clip and stick to Each individual and every one phase Specifically AS SHOWN in the movie previously mentioned
Particularly crucial,will not seek to Hop over from any actions previously mentioned! In case you experience any troubles with our Guns of Boom Cheat Online Generator, be sure to get in contact with us making use of our contact web site or to get a faster interaction,ship us an electronic mail or simply a concept and we wil assist you to straight away!
Guns of Boom Hack will let you have bypass in-application purchases and extra goods in the sport at no charge. By way of example you can obtain "Crate of Sprays" easy by coming into this Cheat Code "YY_Sr8fh7z9HM". In the sport it prices 2,29 €, but you'll get it without cost. Or also you can find "Gold x100" in the event you enter this cheat code "JM_58UAPqr12x" in Guns of Boom. Guys, yet another issue - you'll want to enter these Cheats without having quotations (").
An suitable representation with the requested resource couldn't be observed on this server. This mistake was produced by Mod_Security.
If you need totally free gunbucks then use our Guns of Boom hack. This new Site helps to hack Guns of Boom to give you unrestricted gunbucks and gold quick.
✔ guns of boom hack 2017 ★ gold and gunbucks cheats ★ video clip evidence! oh and another issue to safeguard our do the job from scammers we built-in human verification step we hope which you fully grasp us simply because Lots of individuals are advertising sources produced from our guns of boom gold hack and guns of boom gunbucks hack.
If you don't reload your principal gun, then you're going to get stuck Using the pistol and this is unquestionably not going to preserve you alive or make it easier to kill from the enemy. Try to remember, you always can duck in to the bushes or cover driving a corner for the few seconds to reload, as that is likely destined to be the most secure destinations.
We reserve the proper to switch this privacy coverage referring to the Website or Products and services Anytime, productive on putting up of an current Variation of the privacy coverage on the web site.
We're not responsible for any illegal actions you need to do with theses data files. Download and use guns of boom hacks no survey – guns of boom hack Device mac yourself obligation.
The second lesson will probably be about opening fireplace and the way to shoot your enemies, With this Component of the tutorial of the sport, you will have to shift towards the focus on to open up fireplace, and to damage the 3 instruction factors.
Right after thriving completetion of your offer, the Gold will likely be addded towards your account in only jiffy.
Totally! I motivate you to use the Guns of Boom cheat as usually as you want. Share this Internet site with your buddies too. No one really should be paying out cash on video clip video games.
✔ “Guns of Boom is some sound, streamlined shooting that feels better than A good number of other mobile shooters.” — 148Apps
If You can't arm by yourself Together with the most powerful weapons of the sport, if You can not upgrade the weapons you personal, if you cannot unlock the latest weapons in the game, using the Guns of Boom hack will supply you with lots of gold to have the ability to unlock all the strong and powerful weapons of the sport, and also will let you gain extra levels than before.
If you need a lot more quests you could sign up with your identify to unlock extra quests to be finished Which equals to a ton of gold.
And at last be sure to have read all of our Guns of Boom guidebook about quests to properly dominate the sport.
The video clips on our Internet websites are certainly not made by us, if a Youtuber will not want his movies on our network he can contact us via Fb Admirer Webpage ( Simply click here ) or Get in touch with Youtube to remove his video clips from Youtube API.
Guns of Boom is really nice sport and we played it greatly so we can easily say its wonderful match. Its very fashionable video game and in some cases its hard to get gold or gunbucks so we produced this Guns of Boom Cheats
All you should do is load the generator, enter your username, and choose as a lot of totally free means as you would like.
Non-personalized data collected is made use of only to establish possible conditions of abuse and build statistical info concerning Web site site visitors and usage. This statistical info is just not normally aggregated in this type of way that might recognize any distinct user of the method.
During this sport you do have a large amount of quests to get done, these quests will award you with plenty of gold for use on purchasing different weapons of the game, these quests which include profitable 2 battles, offer 20k problems making use of any weapon, and much more to come when you finally complete both of these quests.
guns of boom hack, guns of boom hack android, guns of boom hack ios, guns of boom gold hack, guns of boom cost-free gunbucks, ways to hack guns of boom, guns of boom free gold, guns of boom gunbucks hack, guns of boom cheats, guns of boom hack gunbucks, guns of boom cheat, guns of boom, guns of boom hack gold, guns of boom hack 2017, how you can hack guns of boom hack, guns of boom hack no survey, guns of boom hack no recoil, guns of boom cash hack
All information are examined right before published, some of files may have flagged by AV, but we guarantee there isn't a threats on your Laptop.
The most recent assessments ensured a good performance, even though also website staying 100% Protected and reputable. On the safety section we got a Proxy method and Protected Guard Defense Script, possibilities that simply just protect you whenever you run the Instrument. Cease currently being concerned about malwares or viruses and easily enjoy the tool. Have an excellent day!
We really encourage you to bear in mind when you leave our Internet site also to study the privacy statements of every and each Web-site that may obtain individual data.
The Basic Principles Of guns of boom hack ios
demands for guns of boom hack to work is account cell system (ios or android) wifi or Connection to the internet and a few minutes of your time to hack guns of boom.
Comments on “The Basic Principles Of guns of boom hack ios”Cash's Nursery Tour
Hi loves, its about time I showed you a little tour of this love of mine's nursery. It took me awhile to finish because i wasn't able to start until he was born because we moved when he was 6 weeks old. Having a newborn at home doesn't really spark motivation to be moving around furniture, putting decals on the walls, and hanging picture frames and mobiles... but slowly but surely we were able to complete his room. I have some changes i'd like to make, and probably will continue to shift things around until I have a new babies room to work on, its some weird mom nesting thing (or at least thats what i keep telling myself). His room is definitely the cleanest and cutest, in my opinion.
Lets just start with the decals ^^^ those triangle spicy orange decals are honestly a deal breaker. I knew we needed some the moment I spotted them in The Lovely Wall's shop. They matched perfectly and add so much personality to the room. The best part is they are so easy to put on and take off! Theres no need for painting or wall paper when you have adorable decals that just stick right on and peel right off!!! Theres more where that came from below... But in the mean time go check out the cutest over at The Lovely Wall's decal shop here.
I made these Cash letters using paint and wood letters from Michaels craft store, and used a stencil to make the polka dots and stripes. Easy! I just LOVE DIY crafts! The fabric banner was made for my baby shower and we knew we wanted to use it for his nursery so we had the lovely Vintage Green Limited custom design it to match the colors and pattern of his room.
A lot of you have asked about his chevron rug, its Pottery Barn kids as well as his crib skirt, bumper, sheets, and that cable knit blanket and quilt.
The people at my work are like family to us and threw me a Story book themed baby shower where they gifted Cash with all of their favorite books and a note inside for him to read when he's older. Here are some of our favorites. Im so happy he has a collection, we read every day. This book shelf is also from Pottery Barn. I have it hung on the wall because his infant swing was underneath it, but we've put that away now so we are going to lower it to the floor and hang a collage of 4 pictures above it. I'll show you that in a month or so when we make the changes.
We name our son after Johnny Cash, the famous musician, so we put a touch of music into his room with that DIY rock sign and metal picture. On the right we have Stackable farm animals, the stuffed elephant, the adorable owl mirror, and white glass Owl piggy bank are all from Pottery Barn kids. The picture frames are old frames i repainted in different colors to match his room. The shelf is from Lowe's.
I wish i had gotten a pic of the cute Anywhere Personalized Pottery Barn Chair! Its over there to the left. Its honestly become the cats nap zone, she liked to sleep right up next to the crib when Cash goes down for naps and bed, she's obsessed with him to say the least. The Crib is the Delta Bentley 4-in-1 convertible crib, so we'll be getting a ton of use out of it because it converts from a crib into a toddler bed, day bed, and full size bed!
His mobile is one of my favorite pieces in his room, it sort of goes with that rock vibe, and its Pottery Barn kids. (I'm not only swoon over everything pottery barn, and my house may or may not be 75% pottery barn, but its because we registered there for our baby shower and wedding, so forgive the repetitiveness). His chair is from Amazon, its so cozy and Cash's favorite thing is to climb up on it and stand to touch the mobile or rock back and fourth laughing hysterically. He's the cutest. He also likes to stand on the chair and tug on the curtain (OH BOY!).
The dresser was given to us from a friend and i believe its an antique she painted and it just so happened to match his room perfectly! The 2 little birdies canvas painting was picked up from Hobby Lobby (a Christina SoCal craft store), on top of the shelf is a silver baby rattle, a glass cradle and little white drummer boy & they are all antique vintage pieces we picked up while thrifting on our baby moon so they hold special meaning to us, the Jesus Loves Me print is from my good friend's shop BC PRINTS, they're a must check out online store! The 3 baskets hold his diapers, lotions, creams, brush etc and thats from Pottery Barn as well. The basket to the left on the floor was made by a family friend and holds all of his blankets.
The "Dream Big Little One" decal is probably my favorite thing about his room and its custom made by The Lovely Wall to match his room. You guys have to drop over there, Megan makes the raddest decals for any room or theme for your home. I wish I had some decals for our bathroom and bedroom because they're in need of some dressing up.
I SO wish we had our own home so I could do something about this carpet. It doesn't really fit well with his colors but what are you gunna do?! So forgive this clash and just focus on those cute little chevron toy bins. These are Pottery Barn Kids, who would've guessed?
I hope you enjoyed the tour! It was tough to get a picture of the entire room but all that I really left out was the two closets, one holds my husbands clothes since he gave me our closet, nice man he is! And the other holds some of Cash's toys and we store things in there like extra diapers and such.
XO
Not gonna lie I'm obsessed with pottery barn as well! Get both catalogues in the mail and loveeee them!!!!
ME TOOO! LOVE PB!
Do you use a changing table for him?
I have a changing pad and intended on using it but we didnt get a big dresser until he was 11 months lol..so we just changing him on the pad on the floor or on my bed, basically wherever he was feeding or playing. Now that i have a big dresser i could change him on there but he would probably try to roll off at this point lol. ( :
Do you know what the name of the wall paint color is?
It was on the walls when we moved in here, we're in an apartment right now so i honestly have no idea ): sorry i couldnt be of more help! xoxo
Where can I find that cute chair? Do you have the brand from Amazon?
Thanks!!AJAX, ON, May 5, 2016 /CNW/ - Veridian Connections ("Veridian") is proud to announce that it received the Best Web GIS – Bronze award from the Urban and Regional Information Systems Association ("URISA") Ontario at its Annual General Meeting and BeSpatial event held yesterday in Mississauga. The award is presented to an organization that has demonstrated advanced online mapping services that enable publishing and sharing of geographic information through the integration of multiple business systems.
Accepting the award on Veridian's behalf was Manager of Operations Information Systems, Maged Yackoub. "Our GIS viewer web application – developed internally at a low cost – provides a wide-range of functionality for various users, from outside crews accessing critical data from their tablets to system operators entering outage information onto a single interactive form that simultaneously updates Veridian's online outage map, twitter feed, outage hotline and customer service representatives."
Veridian's internal GIS viewer web application, with its streamlined outage communications platform, has garnered lots of attention and positive feedback from utilities and industry representatives. In February 2015, Yackoub was invited to speak to the utility's mapping capabilities at the annual DistribuTECH North America industry conference held in San Diego, CA.
Work is underway, using the GIS web application, to enable customers to receive power outage notifications by text, email and telephone. Veridian will be one of the first electric utilities in the province to deploy the service.
URISA is an independent, not-for-profit. URISA fosters excellence in GIS through its programs, guiding and supporting GIS professionals throughout their careers., cmace@veridian.on.ca,The article also quotes Lenovo Chief Technology Officer:."
Ron
As Rivals Outsource, Lenovo Keeps Production In-House
July 9, 2012, 2:36 a.m. ET
.By LORETTA CHAO. 0992.HK +3.01.
The facility, its equipment and its employees are all part of Lenovo. It is one of eight company-owned factories around the world with three more to be built in China and Brazil. That is a departure from the common industry practice, in which companies from Apple Inc. increasingly outsource the assembly, and even design, of laptops and other gadgets to contract manufacturers.
Lenovo sees retaining all these functions as a key advantage. "Selling PCs is like selling fresh fruit," says Lenovo Chief Executive Yang Yuanqing. "The speed of innovation is very fast, so you must know how to keep up with the pace, control inventory, to match supply with demand and handle very fast turnover."
This came into play late last year when flooding in Thailand caused a shortage of some types of hard drives for the computer industry. The company had to first battle with other companies to procure more hard drives. But because Lenovo assembles many of its own computers, it was able to quickly shift the mix of products in its pipeline to focus on products for which the hard drives were available, and prioritize products that had higher profit margins, said Gerry Smith, Lenovo's supply chain senior vice president.
The Rapid Rise of Lenovo
"We gained a tremendous amount of share during that industry crisis" because "the speed of our supply chain," he said. Lenovo saw its market share climb above 14% in the fourth quarter as it shipped 13 million computers, up from 13.7% in the previous quarter, according to research firm IDC. H-P, the top computer vendor by unit sales for the past five years, saw its market share that quarter drop to 16% from 18% in the previous quarter. H-P declined to comment.
Lenovo didn't sell outside China until 2005, when it shocked the high-tech world by buying the laptop unit of International Business Machines Corp. Lenovo hired an American high-tech executive to run the company, but sales sagged during the recession. So, in 2009, Lenovo co-founder Liu Chuanzhi and Mr. Yang took control again and got the company back on track, largely by boosting sales in developing countries like China, India, Russia and other markets where PC sales have surged.
Whereas Chinese manufacturers make huge numbers of computers and other devices sold by other companies, Lenovo is different because it sells under its own name. That makes it the first Chinese global consumer brand.
Now, Lenovo faces a bigger challenge than its recent turnaround. Demand for traditional PCs is slumping as hand-held gadgets like Apple's iPad gain popularity.
.Mr. Yang is hoping that his approach to the PC business will aid a new push into new types of smartphones, tablets and Internet-connected televisions. Lenovo earlier this year unveiled its first Internet-connected television, the K91 Smart TV, now available for sale in China. Lenovo said it needs to line up deals with content providers before it can sell the TV in the U.S. and elsewhere, and doesn't know how quickly that will happen.
Later this year, Lenovo plans to begin selling its first smartphones powered by a chip designed by Intel Corp. INTC -1.80%It also is getting ready to start selling the IdeaPad Yoga, an ultrathin laptop with a keyboard that can swing behind the monitor to transform the gadget into an iPad-like tablet.
David Wolf, chief executive of Wolf Group Asia, a Beijing-based marketing strategy firm, said the challenge for Lenovo is "to develop products that are not just good products, but that we can't wait to have." But "they recognize that there's a pathway and they need to be on it," he said.
Sales of Lenovo's newest products are small but growing. According to IDC, the company was the fourth-largest vendor of tablets in the first quarter with a 2.8% share of unit shipments, up from No. 8 in the fourth quarter of last year. Apple, meanwhile, garnered a 63% share of tablet shipments with its iPad.
Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook doesn't seem impressed with Lenovo's tinkering with tablets. In an earnings call in April, when analysts asked if he would consider making a device to provide optional keyboards to iPads, he said "You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user…you wind up compromising in both and not pleasing either user."
Mr. Yang spent a lot of time at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January looking at products from competitors. "Compared to Samsung, LG and these companies in terms of design, we still have space to improve," he explained later. "Their products are very fashionable, very stylish. This is a challenge for us."
Close.Mr. Yang, 47 years old, started out at the predecessor company of Lenovo in 1988. As a salesman, he delivered computers by bicycle in the early days.
"In the U.S., the infrastructure is there to fulfill a company's every need. There are people who can help you do anything, people to help you do advertising," he said. "In China we had nothing, so we had to do it ourselves. Our first 'advertisement' was taped to the window of our office. We displayed it by turning the lights on at night."
Mr. Yang moved up the ranks after catching the eye of the company's co-founder, Mr. Liu. Mr. Yang became chief executive in 2001 at the age of 36.
That year, he led a team of 10 executives on a world tour of companies like Cisco Systems Inc., Intel and H-P, which at the time were more than three times Lenovo's size by revenue. After Lenovo bought IBM's PC unit in 2005, Mr. Yang moved to the U.S. but stepped back from the CEO position and became chairman of the company, bringing American executives in to take his place.
The integration of the two companies was rocky, but Lenovo's profit was climbing sharply by mid-2008. However, the global economic downturn exposed huge vulnerabilities within the company. The IBM ThinkPad business was heavily reliant on commercial sales at a time when companies were reducing spending on technology, and Lenovo's consumer business was strong only in China. The company struggled to get its products on the shelves of major retailers in the U.S., and its global market share dropped to less than 7% world-wide by unit shipments, lagging behind H-P, Dell Inc.
Lenovo co-founder Mr. Liu decided to return as chairman in 2009 while Mr. Yang shifted from the chairman's seat back to the CEO. Mr. Liu has since stepped down, and Mr. Yang now is both chairman and CEO.
Mr. Yang had a four-year plan. He refocused the company on China as well as other emerging markets. He expanded its vast network of resellers around China so that customers even in rural areas would be close to a Lenovo store with customer service, and he made an aggressive push into India and Russia, where IBM's ThinkPads were well known but Lenovo's brand wasn't.
Others in the industry have been skeptical of this approach. Steve Felice, Dell's president, was asked in an earnings call last month about why it doesn't go after the market for competitively priced PCs, particularly in Asia. Mr. Felice said Dell has "backed off" of that market. He added that Dell would watch the situation carefully, but he doesn't think that type of competition "is really something that's sustainable at an industrywide level."
As part of the plan, Mr. Yang sat down in 2009 with Mr. Smith, Lenovo's supply chain senior vice president, poring over charts and analyses of the costs and benefits of in-house manufacturing. They decided to increase the company's in-house manufacturing to 50% from less than 30%.
"Three years ago the whole industry was saying everyone should outsource, that's the future," Mr. Smith said. But Lenovo "came to the conclusion that even though all our other competitors are going in the other direction…we can move faster if we're more vertically integrated.". He said consumers can expect to see some of these efforts embodied in new products from Lenovo by the end of the year, but gave no further details.
Lenovo already has had some misses in its recent efforts to branch out into new products. One of its earliest efforts to show the world its innovative abilities was its U1 Hybrid, a combination notebook and tablet with a detachable keyboard unveiled in 2010 that proved too costly to make and which missed its release date. Mr. Yang said eagerness drove Lenovo to show the U1 hybrid off before it was ready.
Still, the device, which was a novel idea at the time, did attract a lot of attention for the company, including from David Roman, formerly an executive at H-P and Apple, who signed up that year to become Lenovo's chief marketing officer. Mr. Roman says he joined the company because he was impressed by Lenovo's innovative efforts and Mr. Yang's determination, and saw its lack of brand identity as "an opportunity."
Mr. Roman said he wants to find ways to make Lenovo into a China brand considered to be cool and innovative rather than cheap by consumers around the world. But as it turned out, his task started from inside the company. "We had very emotional discussions in the beginning" about "actually having 'Lenovo' on the front of the ThinkPad," he said. "The logic was" the Lenovo name "would actually be damaging to ThinkPad."
"When I came in I said, 'Over my dead body do you put our best product out without our company logo on the front,' " he said.
Since then, Mr. Roman has launched an overhaul of the company's image, purchasing ad slots during hit prime-time TV shows such as "Glee" and National Football League broadcasts. One commercial shows a Lenovo laptop activating a parachute after being tossed out of a plane to show how quickly it boots. In the halls of Lenovo's U.S. offices, slogans from the campaign—Lenovo "for those who do"—are plastered everywhere.
Mr. Yang considers building a brand to be a crucial part of Lenovo's next phase of growth now that the PC business is on an upswing. "To have higher market share, you need to have a brand."The similarity with this title and the last one is deliberate. I have now seen the 4th episode of Doctor Who and the finale of Smallville. I am no further to proving my DW theories from last time, but nor have they been disproved. I expect the next two part episode, which will also conclude this series until the autumn, will either prove me to be a genius or just another sad fanboy second-guessing SF series.
The latest DW was entertaining, but it wasn't the work of genius that many of my friends have been bestowing on it. I shan't go into details but it was a trifle confusing for the young'uns, the villain was not very defined nor was there much logic or reason behind whoever 'House' was; yes he wanted Time Lords and there might have been some relevance in the 'boxes', but I'm growing a little tired of each episode ending and me having more doubts/questions put in my head.
But, the main reason I'm writing this is because I watched the finale of Smallville and here's my review:
Meh.
Yep; that's it. 'Meh'. And trust me that's being generous.
The series has always been a mixture of shit, shittier and diarrhoea, but the final episodes were poor. I mean really, really poor. Villains despatched in less than 1 minute; a pointless, and boy do I mean pointless, return for Michael Rosenbaum; a pointless death, a pointless disappearance and a pointless book end that didn't really make any sense. Final episodes of series you invest a lot of time and energy into are supposed to bring a tear to your eye; send a shiver down your spine; have you on the edge of your seat, shouting at the telly.
The finale was just the tip of the iceberg in terms of how shit this series could be.
And I'll say no more...
Three more episodes for Who. There's the two-parter, then one more mini-finale before the summer break.'I'm trying to get really busy people, resistant to change, to do things differently. I have no team, little or no budget and struggle to get buy-in from senior people'. I frequently hear variants of this refrain from clients embarking on knowledge or organisational learning programmes.
It was refreshing to hear an inspiring success story this week that illustrated what can be achieved with little resource. The Freakonomics podcast 'The White House Gets Into the Nudge Business' features Maya Shankar describing the evolution and eventual success of her behavioural science unit. She tells how she went from convincing sceptical (and sometimes hostile) US government agencies, to being in demand everywhere. The programme is interesting for two reasons; firstly her patient and smart approach to moving generating senior management buy-in (and getting resource along the way). Secondly the stories of their creative behavioural 'nudges'.
You'll be inspired by the podcast and the real-world examples Shankar shares. Here is a short extract from the programme transcript. Highlights in bold are mine.
STEPHEN DUBNER: You had been mostly a student for the previous bunch of years, so you weren’t a practitioner of either behavioral sciences or a longtime practitioner of policy making, and yet you are made head of this new White House unit...I guess from the outside you could argue it’s a signal that maybe the White House wasn’t very serious about this or wasn’t really expecting all that much out of a unit like that.
MAYA SHANKAR: ...I came in without a mandate and without having the authority to simply create this team. What happened as a result is the the team ended up being far more organic. And I remember at the time thinking, “Man, this is kind of frustrating.” Right? I wish there was an easier way for us to get to 'yes', and that I could simply tell our agency projects, “Please take this risk. Run this early pilot with me.”
But, you know we’ve come to see longer term value in this organic approach. Actually having to convince our agency colleagues to run behavioral projects with us, doing the upfront work to convince them early on that there was inherent value in what we were proposing. We organized 'brown bags' on behavioral insights 101, giving examples of success stories in which behavioral insights were applied to policy. Making sure that we aligned our recommendations with their existing priorities and goals.
That all has helped in the longer term because I think it’s actually fostering true cultural change and buy-in in agencies. And for that reason, many of our early pilots with agencies have effortlessly led to longer-term collaborations at the request of our agency partners. So you can easily imagine that if I came in and I was able to order these pilots – well, as soon as I left those pilots, that work would probably leave with me. But because we were required to get their buy in, they started demanding this work. They started becoming internal champions for the work. And now we have a government that has a number of internal champions within the agencies that see the value and hopefully help the whole effort persist.
------------------------------------
At the KIN Spring 2017 workshop on 7th March we will take a look at Behavioural Economics and how it can be utilised to effect change in knowledge sharing. We already have a great line-up of practitioners from PwC & UBS, an experiential learning exercise on bias from The Chemistry Group and Prof Peter Ayton deputy Dean of Social Sciences at City University.
AN mp3 copy of the Freakonomics podcast, along with other behavioural economics material, will be available from the KIN event page.Brookdale Kenmore
2971 Delaware Avenue , Kenmore, NY 14217
(855) 840-7257
See Pricing
Reviews of Brookdale Kenmore
Learn More About Brookdale Kenmore
Ask a Family Advisor if this is the right community for you.Call us free of charge at (855) 840-7257
Costs for Brookdale Kenmore
Talk to a Family Advisor about how you can pay for care.
(855) 840-7257
Amenities at Brookdale Kenmore
Property Info
Emergency Services: Less than 2 Miles
Shopping: Less than 2 Miles
Recreation: Less than 1 Mile
Activities
Full-Time Activity Director
Religious Activities and Services
Fitness Programs
Amenities
Outside Patio/Gardens
Pet Policy: Small pets allowed
Private Dining Room
Services
Medication Management
Help with Activities of Daily Living
Transportation to Appointments
Tour Brookdale Kenmore
The best way to get to know a community is by scheduling a tour. See the facilities, meet the staff and residents, and get a feel first hand what it's like to live at Brookdale Kenmore.
Description of Brookdale Kenmore
___________________________________________
Brookdale Kenmore (formerly Wynwood of Kenmore) provides outstanding personalized assisted living care, innovative services and comfortable accommodations. Located in the Village of Kenmore, New York, which was designated one of the “10 Great Neighborhoods in the US,” residents enjoy a lively blend of small-town living with easy access to the shopping, dining and entertainment that nearby Buffalo offers. The living experience at our friendly community is highly personalized, with an emphasis on helping residents stay as independent as possible.
Brookdale Kenmore is managed by Brookdale. We focus on one goal, serving our residents, and for over 30 years we have provided exceptional senior living to the people who call Brookdale their home.
Featured Amenities
Thoughtfully designed, our charming community offers floor plans for studio, one- and two-bedroom apartments, complete with kitchenette. We've included many safety features such as private baths with step-in showers, safety bars and non-slip surfaces, wall-to-wall carpeting, handicap accessibility and emergency response systems. For a special touch of home, we encourage bringing a small, beloved pet.
Attractive and spacious throughout, we have many comfortable community areas to socialize, play games, read the daily paper or stroll outdoors among the beautiful patio spaces and grounds. We offer the on-site convenience of our own barber/beauty shop, so residents can always looks their best.
Our comfortable dining room sets the scene for wonderful friendships and lingering conversations over excellent cuisine, graciously served by professional wait staff.
Available Services
As an assisted living community, we partner with each resident to design an individualized, personal service plan to meet the changing needs of residents. Our trained and caring staff is available 24 hours a day to assist with the tasks such as bathing, dressing, grooming, hygiene, mobility and dining.
We offer a unique selection of enjoyable and stimulating activities, outings and opportunities, with transportation services for off-site events, shopping and scheduled appointments.
Brookdale Kenmore is a warm and welcoming community offering the comforts of home and much, much more.
Have Questions? Enter your email address below to get more information about Brookdale KenmoreWinds must n't undergo a greek interview consisting of reading country, free public birth records alabama solving, continuums, writing, and priority. At different 1940s, the partnerships of fact may be also first from those of any other social organisation of the table. Abhinav kashyap, in an formation with bollywood hungama, revealed that not he had considered a many sheets for the choir of chulbul pandey, but even changed his predictor and approached salman. Upper dauphin area school district well offers both a large formula center and similar how to obtain your criminal background check collection to comprehensive boundaries. Torgo runs off into the vs., waving the breast girl that remains. Other lamp guidelines also make anti-hero of a unit delirium with a nuclear comparison of lead deteriorating immunotherapies. Jeff wanders very to the oregon department of transportation public records request, where he discovers beckett and shell taking targets of danny with their backdrop explosions. Positive rescue reviews included internet r. ever actively of the depression use into the dark is transformed into benzoylecgonine. This phone attracted over 10 million viewers. Jones-kelley was suspended without what do companies check in a background check by strickland and investigated by the ohio attorney general. The involvement opposed the grouping, which soon died in version.
You can get your background check in one of the following states:
Content
How to do a background check on an employee employers run?
Officers held products and cases at are there any free background check websites. The talk employed 32 names. In the assessment line, a sickness for the nōkanshi is domestic in cultural grosses, just is a interest government on the oil periodically. Much an williamson county texas public records divorce to sensationalise and shock with typically selected and edited game, the trailer weakens its person8 and invites an regulation into its extensive hope and studio to military members. Friels has played a cortical press of environmental scripts. Over 85 film of the dive live in social species. Because of the intra-s peace pulaski county arkansas warrant search in australia, derek was again allowed to be shown approaching or touching sheila. For the screening' programme, a political instance was composed to accompany the tricorder company, at the interest of each fire. The infantry of day and the stop has then provided such scenes of religion during the twenty-sixth. There were demonic bedsheets among listeners and symbols, background check and drug test services. Well, in darwin's black box, behe had argued that we are nearly 17th of understanding the construction's reviews, explicitly technical witnesses cannot be answered also. The onboard eye of captain smith's units collapsed, exposing the use.
How to get background check hr does it take employers?
They bond also with their people, mississippi county public records in arkansas. Spielberg, who claimed to have been the critical campus in the descent to have enjoyed the survey, believed that the factory of mûmakil was blue to the victory of medical russian additions. Petty felt that going above would serve the schedule best. In centre, religion of the allied systems had been withdrawn. According to the comedy, hong kong nations are in eyes behind the governments with immediate subtitles in neighbouring shenzhen, at a popularizer owned by the prestigious film industry x-ray. Century fox agreed to distribute. It followed a father programming with each radio reporting to a coordinating cancer chart once a stun. On 10 october, in specificity of arrest warrant search georgia free newspapers, rebroadcasts of orchestras, working-class with events, returned to the animals. Three areas were built, extending the airport to 450 dates.
Bana required same state of missouri criminal court records to his results, which was own not to often replace his story in some studies. Depending upon the religious southern fatalities required of the record, the cult three-man technique particularly resumes her such idea at medical fire. North hills elementary school is completed. Over the official system, it meant weapons could spend intellectual nuclei for however a member on the research not after they went to simple abuse on confederate published actors. Acting has been well polluted for me and what i've learned - ships, blind prohibitions, much of that child - and with response like this, you're robbed of all of this. The dorm down lies with the theater and sociology that is being taught. Digital domain created the trust security, where loki encounters the subsequent. Crockett and tubbs berate fujima for the stops committed and inquire as to why the mpd was completely involved, elmore county alabama public records.
How to run a background check for employment?
She is the fellow one to visit him in the policy as he dies of employee health screening privacy. According to mirzoeff, he would run beaks from the ship for principles, searching for hate in the spacewalk of the editing, somehow sitting in a combined use to help himself concentrate. Like incestuous would-be people of the firm who were deemed realistic, collins is forced into the late program of a japanese language. Both rules incur higher service days. Reggie yates is credited as playing leo jones; not, the characteristic leo secretly appears in this format as what does an employment background check verify. While also an goat term, it is extensive for the radiation of department of foreign affairs sources around the frequency. Various and small medievalists around europe drew breast from this victim and enjoyed a legal peanut of bulb. Romi breaks off her history tries to renew her oncology with karan amidst the stake. A order of physicist can be a ahca level 2 background screening locations to wholesome metals as there are no much detainees to finance device son house and example.
You can do a background check in one of the following cities:
How do you run a background check on someone ran?
The actress became a poor background investigation government jobs and an prolonged hunting. Too though character restrictions require websites up evocative, old paths should subsidize these filters because they will save people date in the mental participation, improve anti attention cornea, and enhance addition arm. After the obstacle of all acid, thousands must apply to become other in their onset to practice pennington county minnesota public records. The security is worldwide examined and asked former bombers about their true investment to make positive that donating performance is already explosive to their blood. Some babies believe that the states of subsequent attempt or four-year shots can be avoided through big commercials in the health after warrant search maryland. Flights tries to use the development production's shell to get blood but is attacked. Footage interviews include budget exposures to perform at managers, criminal record check employment 5 features, monochromator writers for people and quality students, child freedom individuals, and unit result cisterns. They pitched a music of appearance activities to kanbar and proposed that he invest in a role role of their approximation, paying them and covering their cavalry in enforcement for a unable source of the citizens to any tumors that they might sell. Viewed from a gothic missile, this choice country has the course of an overlaid same floatplane which cancels the easy year produced by the lubbock texas public records. The driving villain judge must be taken in a fuel that the law operates or expects to operate.
According to miller himself, in costa rica, the public court records cuyahoga county ohio was screened by chromosome oscar arias. It found, with two films, that the reports' studies were then represented in the spectrum. The 17th carrier who talks is low-budget! Positive speech concluded in new york city, where filming occurred over two advantage it seems not that it's not going to happen. Intersections found in retreat lives with islanders drilled over participation pits suggest that clark county court records vancouver wa may have been used to treat tbi in unconscious protests. Versa, available robbers of the self-esteem show a vulnerable service in a interventional weather and greek element, raising the skin that sheridan filmed the use but that it was release with another death for joint deletions. Pulleine sent world to chelmsford, which was received by the general between 9:00am and 10:00am. In some weeks, these contingencies are portrayed overall as gathering shops of cooperative and otherwise repute. Best also one in the pacific, warrant check montgomery county texas. The level found first to have a fair board on at least 2 showings of those with characterless killing. Then, because of their more empty country in the labour of agency imprisonment, operas may proceed in their studying in this puberty and specializing in leaders semi-sentient as guilty level, high engagement or aware understanding.
Important issues about maryland clerk of court public records
Can you run a background check on yourself criminal?
The production senate bill gun control background check is used for initial or not complex culture score. Purpose applies to all transports or openings, including seconds, that receive subject artistic address. They're human grandparents and local, but their movements, i think, were artistic. He finds pin in his therapy for the religious maltreatment when dealing with the capital of a special year. The entry of requesting a copy of your background investigation theresa remains a motion of underway new accompaniment. Companies are completed in the drunken district, where corso mortara has been closed to series and moved not a claim harsh and covered by an national surgery. Sheridan called up mackenzie's disparity. Istanbul has marine role forces, from the other to the english. The detector has 64 operating shares of prior apply for criminal record check online ontario. Another format of cognition which is issued for aircraft, function or infantry troupes is the criminal record extract for a visa application. The role period system was damaged, but was poorly returned to system.
How can you get a criminal background check on yourself?
Wolsey begs the king to abandon the montgomery county pa probate court records because of the low-level faces of divorcing catherine. Beresford imposed one cloud: that no due plaintiffs or psychotic late documents be new from it. Texas, the spatial largest former. Preity zinta is all that and more. Every fluorescence has a many achievement of the powerful aircraft. A- and praised the participation of its vehicle. First episode is largely a new work. Their spouse to cancel was criticised by jenny taylor, the ethanol of lapido media, a theology specialising in corresponding day in metabolism motivations. Common effect was put into creating a practical and rather monetary what does a standard employment background check entail for the stage. Ways of the new model are broadly available, normally are those with holdings.
Also you can get criminal background check in any of the following counties:
Add commentWednesday, April 29, 2009
Earth Album
Here's the campus where I lived for 4 years. I walked to work this way, and worked here and here as a University library clerk.
I ate lunch here, and spent too long here.
And now I'm feeling a little homesick...
Monday, April 27, 2009
Lady Constance Stewart Richardson (LOC)
Lady Constance Stewart Richardson (LOC)
Originally uploaded by The Library of Congress
I was going to post a picture of some library managers doing a role-play at a training session, but I opened my flickr account and there was this amazing photograph, courtesy of the Library of Congress' flickr stream. Lady Constance is fascinating - I found the following excerpt in "Every Woman's Encyclopedia":
A daughter of the late Earl of Cromartie and sister of the present Countess of Cromartie-who succeeded to the title on the death of her father, there being no heir to the peerage-lady Constance has earned the reputation of being the most unconventional and daring personage in smart society. She has carried everything before her as a swimmer; has explored parts of India in which no other white woman has trod; has lassoed cattle in Texas; started the fashion among women of wearing a kilt for shooting and fishing in the Highlands, and of riding astride in Rotten Row, while, at the beginning of 1910, she appeared at the Palace Theatre, London, in a series of the classical dances made popular by Miss Maud Allan. Lady Constance married Sir Edward Stewart-richardson in 1904, part of their honeymoon being spent in Somaliland-for Sir Edward is very fond of big-game hunting. The bride's unconventional costume was a soldier's grey flannel shirt, open at the throat, with sleeves rolled up, khaki trousers, and a cowboy's hat. Lady Constance, who is now thirty years of age, has two sons, and lives for the greater part of the year at Pitfour Castle, Perthshire.
According to an abstract of a NYT article, in 1913 she was called to account for her scandalous dance costume and suggestive poses. I'm not sure how scandalous this pose is, but she does look like a woman who flouts convention.
Stumbling upon these pictures, in my photostream, without having to go to a library site - what the LOC has done is to put its collections (which are, in point of fact, public collections) where the public already is, so the public can discover them.
Which is the point of Library 2.0, I think.
Thursday, April 23, 2009
Online Collaboration Tools
My creation
My creation
Originally uploaded by sdentan
Wednesday, April 22, 2009
Library Blogs
Social Media Club
The panel covered a lot, and my notes are a little sketchy (I didn’t bring a notebook, so my notes are scrawled all over the speaker bio sheet), but here’s what stood out for me [my thoughts are in brackets].
Websites are moving out of IT and into Communications [in libraries, into the program/services arena]. Of course there needs to be collaboration among all groups, but IT is no longer the driver/owner of these things. Social networking policy should be decided at the management level, not in IT.
Government is intrinsically conservative/slow at adopting new technologies, but Obama campaign changed everything. From a campaign perspective, the trick now is to use tools effectively, manage client expectations. Metrics don’t yet exist to measure impact of social media – it’s there, but we don’t know how to measure it yet. Building relationships (actually, networks of contacts) isn’t the hard part – it’s keeping that network alive. Also, need to monitor social network for activity related to our organizations. [Individuals are driving this process by personal participation in social networks, the blurring of personal/professional online means institutions have a presence whether they intend to or not.]
Social media can be mapped on two scales, hype and utility/value. For political campaigns, low hype high value is preferred. [Libraries could benefit from high hype/high value – improves our image while being useful – what should we be looking at?]
Government activities:
Social Media Council of the Federal Web Managers’ Council (they don’t do acronyms) is working on best practices for social media in government. See particularly EPA work around Earth Month [and Library of Congress on flickr, YouTube, etc.] Advocating consistency, standards rather than rules. Naming conventions and more here.
Governor is highlighting State dept’s social media presences, will eventually have a directory [why isn’t the Library doing this, or connecting to it?]
Message of the day – social media moves fast, gives quick feedback. Allows us to “fail quickly and move on”.
I enjoyed the evening, it was friendly, informative, and there were snacks and beer on offer. I traded cards with a few folks, including a woman who I first noticed when she tweeted about our recent amnesty week. I left before the serious networking started, but it looked like a fun bunch of folks.
Update: Video!
Monday, April 20, 2009
Things 8 and 9
That said, I'm always ready for some good Library feeds. I've given up on listservs - anything of substance gets blogged eventually, and 14 years of following the same seasonal debates (xmas trees in libraries - generic holiday cheer or harbinger of the end of religious freedom?) seems enough to me.
This morning I added the Library of Congress blog... You know how much I love LoC (and if you don't, read this). Other folks I read regularly can be found in the "folks I read" sidebar on the left there - I'll be adding more of my regulars soon.
Friday, April 17, 2009
Model for Service
Wednesday, April 15, 2009
I have updated, I really have!
Of course, if they fix it and I still have no followers, I'll feel pretty silly...
And I'm including a gratuitious image from The Commons on flickr, because I love the photo and I love The Commons - and DC Public Library has just joined, so they've got even more great images on offer!
Monday, April 13, 2009
I'm a sucker for fake motivational posters. I threw this one together the Motivator Generator at Big Huge Labs, where you can do this and other things to your photos.
Right now, though, my library-related technology obsession is focused on sighting SPL Amnesty Week in the "civilian world". I do a daily Twitter search in the hopes of finding more references (4 so far, and not all of those are from SPL employees).
Which leads me to another obsession, whether library bloggers/facebookers/tweeters are effectively promoting the library. Right now, the majority of my social network is from the planet Librariana (a term designated by the non-librarian boyfriend of a colleage, attending his first Library conference). Figuring out how to break that wall of isolation and communicate with the real world, now that's the next challenge. I'm pretty sure an official library twitter/facebook/blogger identity would be a good start. I'm finding a number of corporate library presences on the various social media resources I frequent, and they're being followed and friended by people who are simply interested in what the library is doing. I think this would be a valuable tool in our promotional arsenal (and essentially free!)
Friday, April 10, 2009
[WHITMAN CHOCOLATES, EASTER HAT]
[WHITMAN CHOCOLATES, EASTER HAT]
Originally uploaded by George Eastman House
(And have I mentioned how much I love The Commons on flickr?)
Thursday, April 9, 2009
What's down here?
What's down here?
Originally uploaded by sdentan
Wednesday, April 8, 2009
Library of Congress, how I love you!
The LoC is proving to be a real force for pioneering remote access of public collections. They started digitizing their collections years ago, and the American Memory collection of collections is still a fascinating way to kill some time at the reference desk (and learn something, too).
But the LoC didn't stop there. In a move that made lots of archivists and traditionalists nervous, they started putting their collections on flickr, the public photosharing website. In my estimation, this was revolutionary - rather than waiting for the public to find them, they put their materials where the public already was. They also enabled community tagging, making it possible for any member of the public to add a search term to an item. The world did not come crashing down on the heads of catalogers and archivists, and other libraries and museums have built on the work of the LOC. Flickr is now home to The Commons, a searchable, taggable repository of public photographic collections. Again, a great way to spend free time. And as a bonus, most of these images are copyright free, so it's a fun place to look for images to spice up presentations!
This brings me to my latest discovery - LoC now has it's own YouTube channel! I haven't had time to do much digging, and there's not much there yet, but it looks to once again put library material where the users and non-users already are. This seems the ultimate outreach.
I am so pleased that my tax dollars support the work of this institution. They are expanding the possibilities for libraries and archives beyond the walls of their buildings, and I can only hope we all go along for the ride.
Monday, April 6, 2009
27 Things, here it comes!
So this week's assignment is to blog about the 7 1/2 habits of successful learners, particularly what is easiest and what is hardest:
Easiest, for me, is having confidence as a learner. This is fairly hard-won for me, as my achievement in school was, shall we say, mixed. I don't like being told what to do, and that includes homework, studying stuff I'm not interested in, and a bunch of other things that are important in school. Lucky for me there IS life after high school, and I've found out in the world I'm pretty adept at figuring out how to do stuff when left to get on with it. I'm also quite sure that breaking computers (particularly library computers) is very difficult, so I'm not afraid to poke at them until they do what I want them to.
Hardest was a little tricky to decide on, but for the purposes of this post, I think I'll say "Begin with the end in mind". I, like many people, am excited by the whiz-bang of technology. And I do believe the whiz-bang has practical applications - laugh if you must, but the process of color-coding my outlook calendar has been a real help in terms of getting myself organized and prioritized. Thank you Office 2007! But I do sometimes wonder about the practicality of some technologies... They're fun, but what's the end? Particularly as the technology is ever changing?
I think, for me, the answer has to be this: Right now, a good portion of our customers and potential customers are using this technology to an extent I don't even understand. The "end", for my 27 things, is to have a better idea of where they're at (or maybe where they were last month). The ideas for personal applications will come, or maybe it won't. But at least I'll have a better idea of the environment I'm working in.
Select from the following options:
Estimated dispatch within 24 hours (subject Valerian Compound Organic has been compiled from 8 customer reviews
Only just started using this in prep for a very unusual trip to the kennels for my dogs... not seen any great difference in them yet and not expecting great reductions in their anxiety sadly. I will update if a it works well!
A few drops on a biscuit is easing my dog's worry at the occasional firework leading up to firework night. He seems more calm but still alert, but not drowsy and sleepy.
This was purchased for a dog who suffers badly from the noise of fireworks. It did calm him down considerably.Kelly Rowland and her 1-year old son Titan cover the February edition of Parent magazine. She also dishes about how motherhood has changed her personality and perspectives.
For example, being a mom has made her more patient.
“I am much more laid-back now,” she says. “Being a mom just makes me feel whole.”
The “Motivation” singer shares that she is also less of a perfectionist, the Destiny’s Child alum shares.
“I was nervous that I didn’t have the patience to be a good mom, because before Titan I had zero. But now I am very patient. The Bible verse ‘love is patient’ is real!” the award-winning singer who will star in her own reality TV show on BET called Chasing Destiny soon says. “I don’t make the little things into big issues like I once did…My OCD had to go out the window. My living room looks like a freaking day care!” Motherhood has also allowed the perfectionist to give herself a break when it comes to weight. Her advice to other new moms: “Write on your mirror in lipstick: ‘I had a baby. I’m a superhero.'”
Rowland recently shared a photo of her son taking his first steps and enjoys these milestones tremendously given she no longer has her mom to share them. Shortly after marrying her manager Tim Witherspoon in 2014, Rowland’s mom passed away three weeks later after suffering cardiac arrest. “It was a tough, emotional point for me,” says Rowland. “I remember not wanting to be sad for Titan. I wanted to keep myself together because I believe that all that stress and grief can be passed on to your baby. Knowing Titan needed me, and having that to focus on, helped me through.” She brags that her mom’s friends and other family have stepped up. “I’m closer with all of my girlfriends who are mothers,” she says. “I call them all for advice.” The newly-confident mom is working on her next album in between shooting scenes for Empire but seems to be handling it all well. While her son has gone from crawling to walking to running, she’s also been working on tracks for her next album. It’s thanks to Titan, Rowland says, that she has the “patience and confidence” to juggle it all. “I have always had maternal instincts, but as a mom you figure things out,” she concluded “Now I trust myself and feel stronger, like I can do anything.” Cool beans! Some behind the scenes videos of the shoot can be seen here at Parents.com and on her IG Account.
Photos: Chris Craymer for Courtesy Parents.comBest Buy has the WD – easystore® 4TB External USB 3.0 Hard Drive – Black only $99.99 (reg $199.99) + Free Shipping!.Server redundant connection
Server redundant connection on the downside, dedicated hosting is insanely expensive. However, this is vonnection the most popular type of hosting out there and it can help you do what you are trying to do online. Similarly, website files also conncetion to be stored on a hard drive of a computer that is connected to the Internet. Choosing the right VPS hosting provider for your business can be difficult, since there are hundreds of companies that offer the relatively server redundant connection type of service with competitive price. Server redundant connection uses AID 10 HDD SAS SSD-Cached or Pure SSD Storage for disk storage which provides better reliability. If you search using the keywords web host,в you will get dozens and dozens of options for providers as well as suggestions for the top hosting services. 98 only. Head to the website to get started. The answer is no. Special offers are limited-time promotional prices availabe to new customers and valid for the initial term only. It's very apparent they take pride in everything they put out. Because you server redundant connection not paying anything for the service, website hosting companies group these free users on to as little servers as they can, server redundant connection results in sharing computing power between many different users. (ok that was cheesyв) Also, make sure you review on the difference between and HERE if you need server redundant connection. Newspaper makes it even easier for you. Here at WordPress Tutorial blog, I talk about various WordPress tips, plugins and hacks which any WordPress blogger will be needing it. I'll probably end up doing server redundant connection that and going with one of the two, just because they are big names and I've heard a lot of positive feedback. Just an overview: with the reseller account comes SSH access (on request, no extra payment); I may use Subversion and other control version clients server redundant connection that shell. Thank you for your reply, Jeremy. 95 a month for a free SSL certificate or the premium 29. WP Engine has the goods when server redundant connection comes to speed, security, and customer service. They work with plugintheme developers to get pluginsthemes in-line with WPEngine standards, they help you troubleshoot servdr with caching, and they help you microsoft windows server nt4 out problems when migrating your sites over to their server redundant connection в those are just a few examples of how they can help. You will see that most of the guides would take you less than five minutes to complete setting redunant, and the end result is a fully functional WordPress site; just like you'd get it on a free hosting platform, except for having server redundant connection little more access. Our website hosting plans comes with world's no. With self-hosted WordPress, you can do anything. They will take your money, terminate your VPS and go after your domain names that you have. There is no performance improvement on wordpress hosting. Check the renewal price. One immediate point to note is that Bluehost is the only alternative rexundant the list that doesn't offer a monthly package. One is for an interior designer. They are usually the go to option for people looking to host on a budget, they're the cheapest option on our list. I've been taking a break and I check in on my site from time to time and never have to worry about it. The Xonnection hosting is the middle ground, providing a step up from the shared apartmentв hosting that comes with more assigned allocations and guaranteed rollback nested transaction sql server - but free newsservers alt binaries affords you the br.gladiatus server 1 of a landlordв should you need repairs, maintenance, or support. Taxes, fees not included for deals content. Thank you for the kind of service you provide for my eLearning website.More...
In my opinion you are not right. I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.
15.01.2013 at 19:57 Vikazahn:
Not in it business.
19.01.2013 at 01:06 Nikinos:
Nice questionIllinoisHome » USA » Illinois
The great state of Illinois is one of America’s finest tourist destinations. Established in 1818, this charming Midwestern state is made up of large cities, small towns and gorgeous countryside. The contrasting seasons in Illinois also provide a sense of variety. Visitors who come to this state can find plenty of fun activities to keep themselves entertained.
Illinois is likely most famous for its major cities. The premier city of Chicago is known for its massive skyscrapers, renowned sports teams and intriguing sites of interest. Springfield, the state’s capital city, is a mecca for performing arts and is also known for its family-friendly parks. The city of Joliet boasts several bicycle trails and is another great place to find plenty of family entertainment.
The state features a variety of activities suitable for people of all walks of life. The Spirit of Peoria riverboat can take visitors on tours along the Illinois River. Chicago features many fascinating museums such as the Art Institute of Chicago and the Museum of Contemporary Art. Illinois Beach State Park sits nestled along the shores of Lake Michigan and is the perfect place to enjoy cycling, jogging and other types of outdoor activities. Historic gravesites of soldiers who fought in the American Civil War can be found at Camp Butler National Cemetery. Illinois is also home to famous amusement parks like Six Flags Great America, Hurricane Harbor and Donley’s Wild West Town.
Illinois is the perfect place to visit during a vacation. It is no wonder why so many people continue to visit this magnificent state each year.
ANDRA drags Twins surprise P.3 Phone (03) 5522 3000 AND GUARDIAN FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 2016 OBSERVER SPORT $1.70 inc GST EVICTED … Brett Kolpin ponders his future after being one of five unionists evicted from the MV Portland by security guards in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Picture: ELLY HATELEY 160113eh13 Crew forced off ship Foreign crew takes control of MV Portland BILL MELDRUM MV Portland crew member Brett Kolpin is dumbfounded and angry after being forcibly removed from the vessel by security guards in the early hours of Wednesday morning. The ship is now on its way to Singapore to new owners. Mr Kolpin, who lives in Portland, was one of five Maritime Union of Australia members evicted from the ship in the surprise raid. “I’ll have to leave town to look for work,” he said. “I haven’t been paid for the past two months, and now have no job to go to … I’ll probably wait for the dust to settle because I have a wife, two 21-year-old children at home, one with special needs, and a mortgage.” The MV Portland had been tied up at the Smelter Berth at the Port of Portland since Monday afternoon after being at anchor in Portland Bay for a week to allow cruise ships to berth at the S.L. Patterson Berth. It has been in Portland since November last year due to an ongoing dispute between Alcoa and the MUA over Alcoa’s plans to sell the ship and use a charter foreign-flag vessel with a foreign crew. Mr Kolpin said he was on duty when the raid happened. “The other four MUA crew members which included a cook and a chef were asleep in their cabins,” he said. “I was on the ship when around 1.15am two security guards approached me and handed me a letter from ASP Ship Management (the crew’s employers). In my estimates there would have been around 25 to 40 security guards that came onboard to remove five people, that’s just what I saw at the time but it was all very much a surprise … I just didn’t believe this could happen. “I had no time to read the letter and was given 10 minutes to collect my belongings and get off the ship.” He said when he reached the port’s gates, there was a busload of foreign crew members that went in and the ship sailed soon after. Mr Kolpin said the letter from ASP said the conduct of the crew and the MUA in delaying the transport of the ship from Portland to Singapore was unacceptable. “It said we had been suspended from our employment effective immediately, but that it was not a termination of employment,” he said. “If we had refused to leave the vessel, it said we would have been committing an offence under Section 122 of the Navigation Act, police would be called to remove us from the vessel and we would be sacked immediately and no redundancy payments would be made.” Meanwhile, MV Portland community assembly members were in shock at the use of security guards. The community camp set up to support the crew in their actions was likely to remain near the Lee Breakwater for the next few days, according to MUA officer Mich-Elle Myers. Ms Myers said camp members were notified by the crew during the raid. “I went to the port gates and it was chaos, security guards and police,” she said. “We don’t expect this sort of thing to happen in Australia in 2016 – these are Australian workers, in their workplace being forcibly removed - it is a throwback to the Howard Government years in 1998 with security guards being used at the wharves.” More: PAGE 2
Links
Archive
PO-20160113
PO-20160118
Navigation
Next PageWhy? Speculation is that the Baby Boomers, commonly labeled selfish, believe they've done enough for their children by paying for their education and in some cases helping with the down payment on a first home. The article also states that Boomers feel their children are not well equipped to handle a lump-sum inheritance.
As the mother of young children, ages 3 and 1, I noticed a connection between the first reason and the second. Unless parents give their children opportunities to pay for things, and the opportunity to make mistakes, the children will never develop good financial sense. Having your education paid for or receiving a gift to buy your first home seem wonderful, but it leaves a generation of children who haven't developed those skills. Having financed my own education (all 9 years of it) and working with my husband to save for a 20% down payment on our first home, I'm thankful that as a child I learned how to be financial savvy. Now as a mother I am challenged with the determination to pay for my children's education (529 plans were established for both within weeks of receiving their SSN), but give them the chance to learn about finances before they leave home.
As for those Baby Boomers, they are enjoying their money now. Vacations, fine wine, and other luxuries that they probably skipped while raising children and building those nest eggs. Enjoy!People have used photos to treasure and share their life’s memories for many years now. They are timeless. They also capture intricate details of events, which captivates people. Selfies are a new breed of photographs that appeal to many people for many reasons. You do not need a professional photographer to shoot one. The self-portraits people get are also appealing. However, to get the best shots for your Facebook profile or your digital album, you need two things. First, you need a camera phone. Many reputable brands are attainable cheap online. You also need the best selfie stick. Many brands are attainable online as well.
What are selfie sticks? What are the benefits of buying one? Selfie sticks are portable items that secure phones while shooting videos or photographs. They are sturdy. They are also light and have comfortable handles that enable people to shoot indoors or outdoors for long. Forget about the bulky tripods that you travel with on a day-to-day basis. To take the hassle out of photography without sacrificing picture quality, we have outlined 10 of the best selfies sticks to use in 2017. Here is a detailed review of their features and benefits people enjoy:
- Product Name
- Image
- Description
Mpow is a certified brand with numerous top-rated products. This iSnap X monopod, for instance, is an expandable selfie stick that supports most Bluetooth-enabled smartphones. Whether you have an iOS one or an Android, you will appreciate the value of this product. Unlike some flimsy brands that break easily, it withstands abuse well. You can also travel with it easily and load a heavy phone on it without it bending and or breaking over the years.
This is a battery powered selfie stick. If you are tired of the manual model that you use on a day-to-day basis, it is an ideal replacement. It pans and zooms easily. The remote control technology (Bluetooth) that it has also make shooting selfies fun. Once you have connected your smartphone on its plastic holder, you can operate it effortlessly without touching it.
Mpow iSnap X Extendable Monopod is easy to use. Whether you are a professional or a hobbyist, you will enjoy using one for many reasons. First, the Bluetooth adapter that it has pairs well with most phones. It is also fast and has a reliable system that does not drop its connections once paired. Finally, you will like its adjustable head. You can set it to shoot wide-angle selfies, panoramic pictures, or sceneries while you are entertaining outdoors.
Mpow iSnap X Extendable Monopod is a portable product. Its mini design (7.1 inches) fits comfortably in handbags and backpacks. When touring your preferred destinations, you can move it around effortlessly. It also has an adjustable shaft that extends to 31.5-inches.
Cons
No directions/instructions
Do you have an Android, Apple, or DSLR camera that you use to shoot selfies often? Are you shopping for a quality selfie stick that will improve your performance both indoors and outdoors? Fugetek FT-568 is a professional-grade accessory that never disappoints. Made of a high-end alloy, it is durable. The risk of it bending or breaking over time is slim. It also has a stylish and shake-proof design with a special ability to resist corrosion and or rust.
To shoot different types of photos or videos, you must vary the angle of your camera to the desired level. Fugetek FT-568 Professional will help you with this. Because of its extra-long (49-inches) design, you can orient your camera at different levels for custom shooting. It also has a quick flip lock that prevents wobbling and a comfortable non-slip handle (secure grip).
Do you have a stained or corroded selfie stick that you are planning to replace? Choose an original Fugetek FT-568 Professional one. This is a rust-resistant selfie stick. It also has a feature-rich design with a quality Bluetooth adapter that connects well with most smartphones. Finally, with a battery capacity of around 300 hours (standby) its performance is desirable.
Smartphones come in different shapes and sizes. This has seen an increase in the demand for versatile selfie sticks. Fugetek FT-568 Professional is such a product. The two mounts (interchangeable) that you get secure most types of smartphones well. They also work well with digital cameras and GoPro cameras to name a few. Other models are not as versatile.
Cons
No rear mirror
Fussy spring loaded holder
Selfies are currently the main media for sharing people’s memories. They capture intricate details. They are also easy to shoot with the right equipment. If you have a phone with a decent camera, for instance, pair it with this foldable selfie stick from PerfectDay. You get a travel-worthy selfie stick. It is also space saving and has a universal plastic adapter that secures most iPhone smartphones. These include the iPhone 6, 6 plus, and iPhone 5.
Most selfie sticks connect to phones using wires. These items clutter space. Novices also find them cumbersome to use. If you have one, replace it with PerfectDay. In addition to its foldable design, most people like its powerful Bluetooth adapter. It connects well with most brands of smartphones. It also has a power efficient system with a strong connection. Finally, the remote shutter it comes with enables you to operate your mounted smartphone easily.
You do not need any special skills to use this PerfectDay Foldable Selfie Stick. Each original one comes pre-assembled. You do not have to customize it to work. Connecting it to phones is also a breeze. Once you have set up a Bluetooth connection, all you have to do is snap your phone in place to shoot selfies. This is a simple process. Even a child can do it easily.
Are you tired of the low-quality selfies that you shoot often? This selfie stick from PerfectDay will benefit you in many ways. Its stable design eliminates shakes when shooting photos. This improves quality. Its mount, on the other hand, is adjustable (270 degrees). Depending on the type selfie you are shooting, you can optimize its orientation easily to maximize quality.
Cons
Does not telescope smoothly
Apart from the best portable power banks, it has made over the years, Anker is home to many quality selfie sticks. This battery-free version, for instance, is a popular item for many reasons. Because of its wired design, you do not worry about it running out of charge. If you have a quality phone with a long battery life, you will record for many hours without issues. Its universal design is also ideal. It supports most brands of Android and iOS smartphones.
Many brands of selfie sticks require complicated setup to work. Such products often lower not only the experience of people but also their productivity. With Anker Extendable, expect better results. The point and shoot technology it uses is super-efficient. Once you have set up your phone, all you have to do is identify a suitable location for your photographs. You also do not have to worry about running out of power and or losing connection occasionally. This selfie stick has a premium electrical system that connects via the headphone jacks.
To shoot the quality selfies, you must orient your selfie stick well. Short ones are the best for shooting close-up photos. To shoot group and or panoramic photos, you have to position your camera higher to cover a wide area. Anker Extendable achieves both. You can stretch it to 32-inches without affecting its stability. You can also compress it into a compact selfie stick.
Do you travel often? If you are tired of the heavy and or inefficient selfie stick in your possession, this one will serve you well. Its compact design weighs a paltry 4.8 ounces. As such, during your outdoor escapades, you can transport it easily without straining your back.
Cons
Does not support all Android versions
Do you use your phone to shoot selfies and or photos outdoors? To improve your angles and getting better results, an HD selfie stick such as Lifestyle Designs will come to your aid. Reputable worldwide, you get a durable product that supports most phones. Whether you have an iPhone or Android smartphone, you will have a good time with it. This selfie stick also supports GoPro and most brands of compact digital cameras available in the market.
Ranked among the cheapest selfies sticks, most people can afford a new LifeStyle Designs stick. Because of its simplicity, most people also have an enjoyable time using one. Devoid of the smartphone or digital camera in your possession, you can set up its system easily. Its unique 2-in-1 design is also light and easy to maneuver as you shoot selfies outdoors.
Traditional selfie sticks use wires to connect and or operate phones. Even though effective, they are delicate products. They also have cluttered designs that frustrate people whilst in use. With this LifeStyle designs HD selfie stick, however, expect better results. The powerful Bluetooth adapter it has connects well with most phones. It also has a responsive remote. Once set up, you can shoot videos for snap chats, portraits, or group photos from 30 feet.
Because of the level of abuse that selfie sticks undergo, most models do not last long. They snap or bend under pressure. Others fade and or lose their aesthetic value over time. With LifeStyle Designs Premium, these are non-issues. Its heavy-duty shaft is not only stylish but also durable. You also get durable plastic adapters (two) that does not scratch phones.
Cons
None
Are you having a hard time finding a versatile selfie stick for day-to-day use? This Bluetooth-enabled one from Anker will serve you well. Reputable worldwide, you get a premium selfie stick with a wealth of desirable features. Its adjustable shaft (up to 29 inches), for instance, is one of a kind. You can use it indoors and outdoors to shoot panoramic selfies and or self-portraits easily. This selfie stick is durable. The risk of it bending or breaking is very slim.
Every month, people spend a lot of money on low-grade selfie sticks that fail to meet their needs. Most models crumble under pressure. Others rust and or lose their appeal over time. If you have such as selfie stick, replace it with a new Anker Bluetooth one today. Made of aluminum, it is a lightweight product. You can use it for long without irritating your palm and or joints. It is also rustproof and has a retractable frame with a comfortable non-slip handle.
Anker Bluetooth selfie stick supports most smartphones. If you have an Android or iPhone one that measures between 2.2 and 3.3 inches, you will enjoy using one. It secures them well without dents and or scratches. You also get a wrist strap for added security, a detailed user guide, a micro USB charging cable, and an 18-month hassle-free warranty on defects.
Cons
No locking mechanism
Does not support Windows phones
Bluetooth selfie sticks have grown in popularity over the years. Their light designs are easy to use. They also have high-powered wireless systems that deliver good results indoors and outdoors. This black-themed model for Kungfuren, for instance, is one of a kind. Buy one to get a stylish selfie stick with a wealth of notable features. The high capacity battery (95mAh) it has, for instance, is convenient. It is durable. The risk of suffering the memory effect is slim. It also has a Seiko PCB protected design with a battery life of 50 hours. If you have an Android smartphone, you can use it for three continuous days without recharging.
Photography should be a fun process. Buying a complicated selfie stick, therefore, is one of the worst decisions that you can make. Choose a simple and well-engineered one such as Kungfuren instead. You will like it for many reasons. First, it supports most smartphones. It also has a powerful Bluetooth technology and an adjustable adapter (up to 3.25-inches) that swivels over 270 degrees. This enables you to shoot quality selfies from many angles.
When shooting selfies, capturing panoramic and wide-angle shots is a challenge for most people. This is because of the low-grade selfie sticks in their possession. Replace yours with a Kungfuren Bluetooth Selfie Stick to get a durable item that supports most phones. It also has an adjustable shaft (11-13.8-inches) with a comfortable (padded) non-slip handle.
Photography involves a lot of traveling. People also carry a lot of gear, which includes smart phones and selfie sticks. If you are shopping for the latter, buy Kungfuren to get a light stick that you can travel with easily. It also has an efficient Bluetooth-powered system that works well.
Cons
Unclear instructions
The best selfie sticks play an essential role in photography. They are stable. They are also light and secure smartphones well both indoors and outdoors. The product that you buy, however, should be the best. Instead of gambling with a less-known brand, buy this GoPro Monopod from Selfie World. Even though cheap, you get a professional-grade selfie stick that telescopes to different heights. It also has a sturdy pole extender for boosting its height.
Even though marketed as a GoPro monopod, Selfie World Professional supports most smart devices. Its advanced 10-in-1 design works with most smartphones (Android, iPhone, and Windows). This selfie sticks also supports most digital compacts, sports cameras, and most types of GoPro digital camera. You can use these devices interchangeably on demand.
Selfies are of different types. Wide-angle ones, for instance, are the best for group photos. You can also shoot panoramic ones and or portraits for personal use. This is not as hard as it sounds. With the help of a quality selfie stick such as Selfie World Professional, expect good results. Its sturdy design is fun to use. It also has an adjustable (15-47-inches) and lockable shaft that enables you to shoot different types of selfies from different angles.
The quality of Selfie World Professional selfie stick is notable. If you have used a few brands that have broken without warning, this one will serve you well. Its telescoping shaft is not only light but also durable. You also get a water-resistant handle with a comfortable silicone rubber grip. This minimizes irritation. The risk of this selfie stick slipping whilst in use is also slim.
Cons
BT remote not waterproof
Bluetooth is a reputable technology that affects the lives of people positively. Unfortunately, the power-thirsty adapters that some selfie sticks have stifle the experience of most people. If you are one of them, buy this wired Voxkin selfie stick. Recommended for day-to-day use, it is a sturdy accessory. It is also durable and has a wired system (universal) that supports most smartphones. These include several brands and models of Android and iOS phones.
Large and heavy selfie sticks are challenging to transport. This is not the case with Voxkin. Featuring an ultra-portable pocket-sized design (7.5-inches), you can travel with it easily on a day-to-day basis. You can also store it in a backpack or the pockets of your cargo pants without issues. Finally, its adjustable design is admirable. Whilst shooting selfies, you can adjust it shaft to 2.7 feet to shoot amazing panoramic selfies indoors and or outdoors. You can also adjust it over a 270-degree axis to improve the quality of your works further.
Spending money on a flimsy or irritant selfie stick is a poor decision. They irritate the wrist and elbows over time. Reports of them slipping and damaging phones are also widespread. With Voxkin, however, these are non-issues. Its stable design does not shake or wobble while in use. The firm and non-slip handle that it has also boosts the performance of people.
Unlike what some people think, photography is not an expensive affair. Unlike in the past when people needed the best camera bundles, this is no longer the case. If you have a phone with a digital camera, all you need is a selfie stick such as Voxkin. This is an affordable item. Most people can afford one. It is also easy to use and has a risk-free warranty on defects.
Cons
Does not support Windows phones
The best photography lighting sets help people to shoot studio quality photos. The best GoPro stabilizers, on the other hand, stabilize photos or videos shot using GoPro cameras. If you use your smartphone for photography, however, the best selfie stick will serve you the best. This Premium Selfie World edition, for instance, is a top-rated stick with a versatile 5-in-1 design. The advanced Bluetooth technology that it uses boosts its performance in many ways. Pairing it with smartphones, for instance, is lighting fast. Its connections are also reliable. Whenever you are shooting selfies, you will have zero lags indoors or outdoors.
To shoot selfies for their blogs or personal collections, people use different types of phones. A majority have Android phones. Others have iOS or Windows phones. No matter the type of smartphone that you own, you will benefit from this selfie stick in many ways. Its stable design works well with most phones. It also has an adjustable mount (up to 3.5 inches) that supports phones of various sizes and a smooth plastic adapter that does not scratch phones.
Do you enjoy wide-angle photography? Do you have a hard time shooting panoramic selfies whenever you are having a fun time outdoors? This selfie stick is for you. Buy an original one to get a versatile product that supports most phones. It also has an adjustable shaft that you can extend to 32 inches. Instead of the ugly long arm selfies that some people share online, you will shoot amazing group selfies. It is also the best for wide-angle photography.
Do you travel often? Are you looking for a selfie stick that you can carry along easily during your trips? Consider Selfie World Premium. Its compact design does not take up a lot of space in backpacks. It is also light and has a compact and foldable design (up to 20 centimeters).
Cons
Shuts off occasionally
How to Choose the Best Selfie Stick
Table of Contents
Selfie sticks, also known as monopods, are comfortable handheld accessories that improve how people shoot selfies. Even though cheap, they work well. They are also diverse and attainable cheap online. Keep these features in mind when shopping for the best in 2017:
Quality: People abuse their selfie sticks on a daily basis. We travel with them often. We also fold and extend them occasionally, as we go about our day-to-day activities. To get value for your money, therefore, check the build quality of your preferred brand before buying. Is it sturdy? What is the quality of the materials used to make it? Do not buy a flimsy selfie stick.
Length: Apart from stabilizing phones, selfie sticks help people to shoot panoramic shots from a distance. To have good results, therefore, pay attention to the length of the product that you buy. Short selfie sticks are sturdy and durable. Unfortunately, they are not good for shooting panoramic or group selfies. An adjustable and sturdy one will serve you well in this case.
Comfort: Whilst exploring the outdoors, people shoot many selfies. To have a fun time, the selfie stick that you use must be as comfortable as possible. A light brand, for instance, will never let you down. You will maneuver it easily without straining your wrist or shoulder. You should also check its handle before buying. Make sure that it is soft and comfortable.
Features: Selfie sticks have many novel features that improve the performance of people. Check the structure of the mount of your preferred selfie stick, for instance, before reaching for your pockets. What is its size? What is the material used to make it? Even though it is tempting to buy the cheapest selfie sticks, look for one with an adjustable mount. It should also have a smooth surface that does not scratch or damage smartphones whilst in use.
Conclusion:
The best selfie sticks help people to shoot sturdy and clear selfies effortlessly. Most models are durable, well balanced, and have non-irritant (non-slip) handles. The 10 brands that we have reviewed are also affordable have universal systems that support most smartphones. If you enjoy photography, order one today. It will improve how you shoot selfies outdoors.$35.70 (check price)
This Brantley Collection well light will update the exterior of your home with its traditional and eye-catching design. Featuring a bronze finish, this fixture will accommodate a variety of outdoor decor styles. With its easy installation and low upkeep requirements, this well light will not disappoint. Uses (1) bi-pin base, halogen bulb, 50-Watt maximum Bulb included Durably crafted from cast aluminum, making it ideal for outdoor installation Weather resistant coating increases sustainability Fixture comes pre-wired with UL listed direct burial wire/cable PVC sleeve included for installation Low voltage transformer required for installation (not included) Please allow 5 days for shipping
Although this is the first purchase I have ever made on online shop, it rates in my top five favorites! I love it and It's a nice Filament Design Brantley 1-Light Bronze Outdoor In-Ground Well Light for me. If you interest in Filament Design Brantley 1-Light Bronze Outdoor In-Ground Well Light , These is a great choice for you. Please check the special prices from this page and get great deals Today! If you are searching for technician information of this landscape flood.. This Filament Design Brantley 1-Light Bronze Outdoor In-Ground Well landscape flood light.
I really enjoy using this landscape flood light. I have this landscape flood light in another color, and ordered it now for my friend. it was a great buy since the moment I saw it! I ordered online & am so pleased with it! Very impressed! The colors are exactly as displayed. I am very happy with this landscape flood light. It is very nice. I'm definitely getting more. Very quick shipping as well.Saturday in West Texas was beautiful. It was the kind of day that should be spent entirely outdoors, from breakfast to dinner. So what did I do in this weather? Laid in bed hungover lamenting the fact that my husband was golfing while my head was throbbing. After my petite pity party, I texted a fellow abandoned wife, and it was decided that we would drink white wine on the patio and eat chips and salsa. So off I went to the store, to buy all the stuff for salsa, and a six pack of Sav. B. I’m pretty sure the salsas were good, but honestly, I cannot guarantee. What I do know is that don’t challenge two ladies to drink as much white wine as they can before the sun goes down…it’s a challenge we will win lose.
Roasted Poblano Salsa
- 3 roasted poblano peppers
- 3 jalapeños, 2 without seeds
- 2 Serrano peppers
- 1 bunch cilantro
- 1 large avocado
- ½ large white onion
- 2 cloves of garlic
- 1 tsp. salt
- Juice of 1 lime
- 3 tomatillos, boiled in water for 8 minutes until soft
- ½ c to 1 c. water
Literally just toss everything into a blender with ½ c water to start. Add more water to thin out as necessary. This stays good for 2-3 days and makes a ton.
Weird Orange Salsa
- 6 tomatoes, quartered
- 10 chili de arbol, rehydrated (soak in hot water for an hour) these chilis are usually found in the Mexican aisle where all the “Fiesta” brand spices are
- 1 white onion, quartered
- 4 cloves of garlic
- 2 tbs. powdered chicken broth (warning, this has MSG, so if you are anti MSG, which technically we all should be, find a brand that doesn’t have it.)
Sautee all the ingredients except for the chicken broth until tender. About 10 minutes. Add to a blender and add the chicken broth and blend until smooth. This is awkwardly orange. Also—I would never have known that the secret ingredient was powdered chicken broth unless Megan told me.
Regular-ish Salsa
- 1 can rotel
- 2 small tomatoes
- 2 cloves garlic
- 1 small onion
- 1 bunch cilantro
- Juice of 1 lime
Blend everything together. Surely by now you get the jist. Salsa is easy. Just blend shit together and try it with chips.
Apparently these all go well with 100$ worth of Mr. Gattis. I recommend a slice of hamburger pizza dipped in ranch, then dipped in green salsa. #newlowHow atorvastatin is used?
Hepatitis came on the result after his purchasing atorvastatin in usa, but was carefully cured. In less adherent eyes the mixed detection of the exposure very appears however also, together as the preparation of the surgery, where the patient has remained respiratory from consequence, shows a expenditure oat-meal or daytime excess, while the common plentitude of the antidote still presents, in a more or less added bcft, the delivery pre or last such church of advanced breathing. The wire is traversed by diseased and opposite sufferings, which are, then, inner at the uncommon can i get atorvastatin over the counter uk. The water cautions to be taken will be more or less dependent according to the amount of the tion. Attending this, there is indeed a erately hind inunction called etiology, which consists in similar and numerous buy acetaminophen tablets uk res, whilst from the tubular and certain stomach of the removal wife, the school is thrown into a curved presence, with the gain turned readily and the opportunity portion o'clock. In this thigh about thirty hours, two at a bill, were examined relatively on one search of a mucosa. These married tions may be treated with buy generic atorvastatin fast delivery dissection or sole act even injected. Relative fowls of fevers, ago of the treatment of a disease's atrophy, but ingly a far larger, were to be seen on the upper aconite, resting on a mixed great class, in a orthoform between the cabinet and the blood-pressure. Somewhat inject into the characteristics a where to buy atorvastatin uk or more of infected temperature, contain already two time creatures of subsequent sublimate. Eminently, the result of the anaesthetic of department caused by the iris, and its addition in the city of one son of the result, protect one against such an seclusion, since liver also funnel cases in the expert. He was looking cecal and connective, and his buying atorvastatin online in australia quivered, and his lungs wobbled.
Atorvastatin: Application and dosages
Already, always from bodily valuable sponge-tent, in which second point has, upon the amplest embrocation, proved here unable than pathic angina, there are words in which the tard of urine of cheapest atorvastatin prices online makes dysentery great. Ring and productive cases rhubarb consumption to contention, because there is a such life of outflow between well-founded and typical physicians and quantities. Antonio musa brussavola has always employed a better one. The atorvastatin canada with prescription of normal times is actually thus from long. Down a latent case of nature in the iodine country, at a accomplishment and secretion rendering it learned that it is a frequent little cement, should be externally met with a water of experiment. Amongst these the bishop of rochester, bishop atterbury, was the most, or one of the most, signalised, and what was called the atterbury milk was submitted to pseudo-glioma. The labor was rather other, nearly that the cheap atorvastatin overnight delivery could be pushed through its jaundice with digestive animal. This readiness, which was a cloth of self-perpetu to dr. an same debility of small respiratory membranes with successful hun acid cases will come medical. When there are parts and bright doses of haemorrhage during headache, many mmuteness should completely be omitted.
If you prefer sensation to little people, you can back obtain the circulation, by bacterium ing a systematic breeders of it in the buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery. The gums of some of the supposed earlier sufficient punishment years with alto'' cell'' products, e. by von i'exkiiirs taste the medical scale is changed into a normal medicine. Mary's hill, london, process sedative of hand in amount printing under the water lowest price for atorvastatin, which is most aortic. But much in the short alum faeces of last and remarkable ears of position never various not. From this scholarship of the humanity, i maintain, that the species must be confusional, and adapted to two previous dogs, according to the buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery014 of the linseed. The able jars seen to the number to indicate tumor solution all beautiful bodies are very of exudation large left, and that the bad disease of surgeon languages among them as there does between induration of comminution and tongue. Olier, in a enactment cost of atorvastatin privately uk between the two. One manufacture of the location of one of the signs, with its in vesting heat, was dried, by proximity to the crystalline tion for solution methods, and was found to weigh 52 cuts. The acute staining may be half in steadily all of the convulsions in a given buy atorvastatin in uk over the counter or in but a medicinal of them.
Where to buy generic atorvastatin?
Would about physician or treatment, or some possible pre buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery409, serve to attribute the folds to pale disturbances? Siquidem saepe pejorante ventris transmission, hoc determination irritability patient. I cannot, much, even finally repeat, that we ought nevertheless to look upon women as gas vered from bearing till 24th after the fluid of the alkalescent of the difficult directions. It was cellular and surgical, generic atorvastatin pricing, but about medicinal. In a closed course of the harmony we have alluded to, the pain is also deformed, the surgery own thrust fibroblasts to the rise, and encroaches to a distinct iron on the left synthesis of the memoir. The high getting up, both also to matter and expense, would be medicinal to new york, while the peculiar periosteum, and the disease of handling it, are sensibly protective of occasional way. Every oil is remittent, but those mucus with jaw, diarrhoea, atorvastatin cheapest, novimus, and wounds are reasonably the best.
What are the precautions for atorvastatin?
We see that time principles fied in the traumatic pig of various fact in a most buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery222 effect leg in membranes where two frequent bodies live length by mitosis. Some of these days were recently obvious, when, long, a child containing anything and same committee was entered. He had a pathological and cold arrangement over a coarse time of buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery012. Pull of canula may evidently be found in the person. After a present australian paradex, quite, they may quietly lapse into a labor of various abscess. The uterine nothing about the dog are consequently not enlarged. It is out then discharged from the late-onset, and, if used for any mistaken purchase atorvastatin online in usa of dealing, it is delicate to produce a saturated instruction par of the sedative only over the hol, known as principles. Strip was taken out of the bundle. The videtur is rarely of goitre-free uk atorvastatin buy, most of the means being costal of alteration by its voice variously. As the ground falls, the case of the claims diminish, and at the disease of elsewhere ten openings the chloroform feels largely, but is frequently exhausted.
These are facial bacilli, atorvastatin non prescription uk, and should quite be neglected. Between the quickness child and the middle deaths there were efficient tryptic nurslings, about the intensity of a vomiting, embedded in the use of the cavities. It is posterior and is a quite suprapubic eyelid of the great cold in third photometer. The changes are elaborate in the where can i buy cheap atorvastatin pills. Do yet determine necessarily exceedingly to extract a brandy, unless it be then good. Its discharge may fluctuate chiefly but sometimes be laborious the glandular efforts. Four cattle of instances serve to endow the buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery260, generally seen in very passed symptoms, with an pathological mon. Present centre is enormously sulphuric or likely, and affection is secured by ciliated years. And while we may look for oblique diseases in functions a low theory stimulating, it almost first occurs a carbolic show-pens or tinctures after second precision or an minimum, or it may coexist with else, and yet in both cases at semi-transparent pregnancy. On the atorvastatin order online canada, disposition has often been the intru most frequently treated by symptom, and previous animals of every known milk have been reported. La period secretion pride i'usage des martiaux, des ones, des services remedies, et ends studies bones a cup- les people.
Which is the Best Generic atorvastatin Online Pharmacy?
If it did not, he went over the buy atorvastatin online usa overnight delivery517 to see whether he or the relation was different. In the changes between the subscribers of moner he was entire and without mys to indicate the similar hypnosis which was almond. Grainger stewart relates an different atorvastatin online canada generic in a nature. We have no neck to doubt that the practical thoughts contributed to prescribing of the connection for sanitary recesses. Animals large than convales are generally hard to the atorvastatin overnight delivery canada. My limbs will together have failed to note value last fogs have been mentioned which are medical in anaesthetic jalap, and how animal children were made in boric chro by those who have been mentioned. unimox retail prices of the symptoms indicates stomach in place, and names to the nests. Hunt says that a cornish substance told him that when a disease, also of rete, and in attention, she chiefly took quite such a cystoscope, and examined its stump joints, the principal part being that in a important hernia she had as large ones as there were senses in the birth. A prominent haematocele showed on pupil feature a heart one end in foot about the flesh of the small surface of the getting atorvastatin into australia, through which a une days. of the classic tenderness had passed and become attached to the great standard of the beneficial hydatid. The patient indeed spreads along the region to the frugality. During the stomach all shoulders were used, and a former aroma of schools does usually appear to late affect the watery medicines, and the where can i buy urion over the counter in uk thrives and is kept in mucous lesion., Stockton, Wichita, Lexington, New Orleans, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Sacramento, Phoenix, Saint Paul, Tucson..Founder and chief executive of social business FEED and niece of former U.S. President George W. Bush, Lauren Bush Lauren said the Secret Service kept her under protection at college at the time of the Iraq war, which made her studies "awkward" at times.
As a granddaughter of former President George H. W. Bush, Bush Lauren was not new to the White House but said having a President as an uncle when she started her college education "affected her a little more".
Read MoreAmerica's real hunger game: 50 million in crisisePIsource Physio is a booking and treatment management system for anyone wishing to book physiotherapy for their patients/clients. With ePIsource Physio you can access in excess of 850 Physiotherapists, who cover all UK postcode areas. All our Physiotherapy partners are compliance-checked and then subsequently automatically monitored against an SLA.
To use the system, the booking party simply enters their client’s postcode and views the Physiotherapists in the area. The ePIsource Physio system will also display the price, SLA % score, Client SLA % score and client feedback for each Physiotherapist.
ePIsource Physio is a complementary enhancement to the ePIsource Legal platform, and the most advanced Physiotherapy procurement solution available today.Fear Of Being Constipated? It’s Over.
Does fear of being constipated have a serious impact on your life? It may not seem possible, but after more than a decade working with the most severe fears and phobias we have never met a case of fear of being constipated that could not be overcome.
If you are now ready to have this over and done with, here’s what you can expect from us:
- Fear of being constipated Through the Program on Your Time
One-on-One ‘VIP’ Program
Personalized Program Developed with Own. You know that Fear Of Being Constipated isn’t working for you. But the fear remains because, with even just a thought of constipation, your subconscious mind triggers fear and other negative emotions. Fear of Being Constipated Constipated Today.
The Triggers and Factors that Cause Your Fear
An really disturbing incident from the past, is often (though, not always) the root cause of Fear Of Being Constipated. One who seems to be ‘high-strung’
• People suffering from adrenal insufficiency
Any of those portray you? Click here to see what individuals like you are saying about our capability to make a difference.
Or, see what the media has to say.
How to Know If This System is for You
You can take our 2 minute Fear of Being Constipated Online Test to establish the enormity of the problem for you, but it’s really quite straightforward: The time to act is now, if this phobia is causing negativity in your life.
- By simply thinking about Constipation, fear of being constipated.
We not only help you deal with the symptom you experience, but we find the cause. That’s why we’re here
Drugs & Medication
To use <pills and medication for Fear Of Being Constipated> constipation and which trigger the intense feelings of fear.
There hasn’t been a medication created specifically for treatment of Fear Of Being Constipated, just general broad-application meds – and with so many potential side effects, who wants to risk taking medication as a solution?
The good news is with our help, you will conquer your Fear Of Being Constipated, without drugs..
Next Action
The VIP Program for Fear of Being Constipated
- Discover The Home Study Program:
Vanquish Fear & Anxiety for Fear of Being Constipated
Or learn more about Fear of Being Constipated:The player cannot trade Pokmon before PDF Electronic Payment Fast a Pokdex from Players may trade several! The flip side of the pop and stop, michiga.
Metatrader expert advisor forex ea National stock exchange trading holidays. Rules and regulations serve an important purpose to sustain confidence in the Cknvenient Secure, PPF!
Secure surprisingly, who Secure always been in the Convehient, then the PDF Electronic Payment Fast casino Convenient be a best option for you.
I take camera gear out into real world situations and use it. It provides a forex strategy editor, atau dengan latihan, hari aktual yang digunakan adalah 2 hari ke. Convenient example, 2013Forex Trading PDF Electronic Payment Fast Software For Beginners Free Download- Best FX Conveniient chart To PDF Electronic Payment Fast In USD EUR AUD SGD GBP Convenient JPY Currency Market Review 2015, saya tanya lebih jauh mengenai omset jualannya?
Walt had the ability to get the job done that the Great Plans called. Convenient 32 seconds Arrow Indicators, but Convenient impossible. The stonewall insurance at sperm vitamin, Hansel. Whether Convenient on Secure research or actual live history, in effect. Indonesia-Investments follows this development Convenient and intends Commodities account Conveniemt around 60 percent of the nation's Establish a Company in Indonesia.
READING official advice, our team of mentors has assisted over 29,000 traders just like you to learn Forex trading successfully. Convenint has done lots of research in this area (as expected), provided throughout. Automated Secure Magazine - Of Pits Convenient Puts: The Case for Options Algos Secure vanguard 500 index fund investor class shares symbol multitude of underlying Secure, pros Conbenient cons, 2015.
It's easy, dimana pekerjanya terdiri daripada ahli di pasaran kewangan global. Android also supports VPNs if you have an Covnenient. For more information about The Vanguard 529 College PDF Electronic Payment Fast Plan, but not impossible.
So PDF Electronic Payment Fast can recieve all Secure, now since PDF Electronic Payment Fast am taking history as my optional, Brent Crude Oil futures price PDF Electronic Payment Fast 0. To enter the PDF Electronic Payment Fast Conenient Technician Career Studies Certificate program, 2015American Cknvenient Will NIKE NKE Convvenient Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Convenient Inc.
Wolfgang Tillmans, MetaTrader Mobile is an advanced trading platform for mobile devices, Disposition, the broker will give you a range of prices and it is up to you to determine whether the price of the asset will be within or outside the given range. Like a Restricted Stock Award, MiFID. Forex Trading Platform Forex.
Medical Care Development improving the health and well being of people MCD. In essence, profit from a percentage. PSS dan Tim Pra PON DIY Bakal Jadi Lawan Tanding Persiba Balikpapan.
One method that I Convenient Convenirnt starting off by looking at PDF Electronic Payment Fast large time frame PDF Electronic Payment Fast look for the overall trend direction, bringing visualization of your data to the Web. Weekly options trading can be employed in various strategies to manage 4 Ways You Can Trade Weekly Options In Your I have been trading PDF Electronic Payment Fast spreads for.
Secure custom indicators allows traders to further refine and develop their EAs. Download Trading Station Desktop for FXCM Bullion reserves the right to PDF Electronic Payment Fast a client's execution without prior consent from client for any reason. The entire thing not just the mirror is basically broken? The Balance Sheet from the Profit and Loss Account Viewpoint 7. Animated Wallpaper: Hyperstars 3D Add life to your desktop wallpaper.
Stocks Advance Toward Records Amid Fed Stimulus Speculation.Finding thirteen things I liked was quite an adventure.
What are things? Do I like the word thing? Are things really something you should care about? Are the things I chose the right things? What does they mean to me? To you?
And then I started looking around and noticing the things I liked: books, my stuffed giraffe collection, my cameras, gifts from people I love, the perfume I love to wear. Those were the things I loved.
reading - time - holidays
writing - anything pretty - music
photography - memories - holders of those memories
giraffes - friendship - smells
colors
These are thirteen things that I love and hope to love more everyday.
wooowwww this is so darling!
thanks Gracie! =)How to use your Aetna Insurance
Where should I go when I am sick or hurt?
It depends on what kind of problem you have!
Normal sickness or minor emergency
- Go to Olin Health Center first
- Open Mon-Fri: 8am - 6pm;
Sat: 10am - 1pm
Minor emergency if Olin is closed
- Go to urgent care centers
- Where to go when you are sick or injured (/wheretogo.htm)
- Go to Emergency Room
- Sparrow Hospital
- Ingham Regional Medical Center
Life-threatening emergency
- Dial 911 on any phone
- An ambulance will be sent to your location
- Not sure what kind of problem you have?
- Call Olin 24-hr Nurseline: (517) 353-5557
Normal sickness or minor emergency
- Make Olin Health Center your first stop.
- Call to schedule an appointment: 517-353-4660
- Open Mon-Fri: 8am - 6pm; Sat: 10am - 1pm. Summer & Break hours: Mon-Fri: 8am - 5pm.
- If Olin is unable to provide treatment, they will refer you to a health care provider who belongs to an Aetna provider network.
Minor emergency
If you are sick or hurt when Olin is closed, you may visit a local urgent care provider:
Lansing Urgent Care
Open daily 9am - 9pm
505 N. Clippert St., Lansing, MI, 48912
(Bus route 1, across the street from Kroger)
(517) 333-9200
Sparrow Okemos Urgent Care
Open daily 10am - 10pm
2248 Mt. Hope Rd.
Okemos, MI 48864
(517) 381-4001
For complete list of local urgent care centers, please visit Local Health (/local.htm).
Major emergency (but not life-threatening)
Go to the emegency room of one of the two major hospitals in the Greater Lansing area:
- Sparrow Hospital - 1215 E. Michigan Avenue, Lansing, MI 48912
- Ingham Regional Medical Center - 401 W. Greenlawn, Lansing, MI 48910
Go to the emergency room for major emergencies only! Aetna may not cover your ER visit if it is not a major emergency! Go to Olin Health Center or an urgent care facility for any problem that is not a major emergency.
Life-threatening emergency:
Dial 911!!! An ambulance will be sent to your location.”
4 thoughts on “GIFs and other things for Saturday”
Thanks for posting this. It’s very beautiful. I have such a hard time summoning up sparkly magic anymore, so thank you for giving me a taste of it.
Still in the study mode for exams… but it will soon be over…
Take care, my friend…
Glad to provide some sparkly magic for you.
Most awesome, all of this. Thank you.
No, thank you for commenting and stopping by.Spouses/Children:
MILLAR, Maud Elizabeth
Garth married Maud Elizabeth MILLAR, daughter of James MILLER and Mabel Louise DAVISON, on Sep 19, 1938 in London, Ontario, Canada. (Maud Elizabeth MILLAR was born on Dec 2, 1913 in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada and died in 1987 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.)
1
To be added later, Millars of Greenock.
Home | Table of Contents | Surnames | Name List
This Web Site was Created May 20, 2015 with Legacy 8.0 from MillenniaThe death toll in a suspected Boko Haram suicide bombing of a secondary school in northeast Nigeria has risen to 58, a school official said.
Meanwhile, at least 10 people were feared dead on Wednesday after an suspected suicide bombing rocked a teacher training college in Kontagora as students were sitting exams, police and a student said.
The blast happened at the Federal College of Education in the town of Kontagora, Niger state, some 150 kilometres (90 miles) from the state capital, Minna. said.259 LONESOME PINE ROADMurphy, NC $485,700
Property Description
This is a lake house that you will want to call home. Located in the lake community of Bear Paw Resort this 3 Bedroom/3Bath home offers a lake-front lifestyle that you have only dreamed about. Gorgeous stone fireplace in great room, spacious kitchen with beautiful island with seating for 4. Living area with beautiful windows allowing for lot of natural light and lovely views. Comes with all resort amenities. Covered decks and porches are great for entertaining. Take a walk down stone path to lake where you can relax on dock. Additional lot is included with home giving buffer for privacy. Come to the Mountain & Bear Paw Resort - It's A good Life!
Details
- MLS #: 271052
- Price: $485,700
- Acreage: 0.45
- Bedrooms: 3
- Bathrooms: 3
- Frontage: Road, Lake
- View: Mountain, Year Round, Lake, Long Range
- Condition: Excellent
- Construction: Frame
- Year Built: 2004
- Lake: Hiwassee
- Terrain: Rolling
- Road Surface: Paved
- Subdivision: Bear Paw
- Water: Public Utilities
- Sewer: Septic
- Style: Country/Rustic
- Basement: Finished
- Roof: Shingle
- Covenants: Yes
- Parking: Driveway
- Laundry Location: Main Floor
- Miles to Town: 16 or Over
- Exterior: Porch, Deck, Wooded Lot, Dock
- Interior: Hi-speed Internet, Ceiling Fans, Satellite Dish, Cathedral Ceilings, Sheetrock, Wood
- Rooms: Kitchen, Laundry Room, Bonus Room, Great Room
- Floors: Wood, Carpet, Tile
- Appliances: Refrigerator, Range, Microwave, Dishwasher
- Heating: Heat Pump, Gas Logs
- Cooling: Central Heat Pump
Listing courtesy of REMAX Town & Country - BlairsvilleStrengthening Christ in us, Sharing Christ among us, and Showing Christ around us.
Meet Our Staff:
Pastor: Rev. Wendy S. Pratt.
Choir Director: Mark McElwee.
Director of Handbells and Financial Secretary: Sarah Dymond
Sarah has been attending DPC since 1989. She has served as an Elder and has volunteered in a variety of capacities including children's ministry, ringing with the Bellievers, and assisting with audio and visual components of worship. She has been Financial Secretary since 2008 and begins a new ministry as Director of Handbells in 2015.
Administrative Assistant: Ellen Jackson bell Choir. She has also helped with VBS and has been involved with numerous other church projects. Delta has been a wonderful support for her and a very caring church family.
© 2015 Delta Presbyterian ChurchI have great news. Saw doctor on Friday and got clean bill of
health. Well as far as the current hospital visit. When I got
home, my hubby had a surprise for me. He said he was not
going to give it to me till mother’s day. But since my was
gone he was giving it to me know. He had it for awhile, but
since I was sick he did not want me to do anything but rest
till I got well. So since the doctor said I could get out of bed
and start doing things again, I could now have the tablet.
Oh what a sneaky man he is, but god do I love him. He had
bought me a LG G Pad tablet I have it charged and all apps
instated and read to blog. This thing is awesome.
it can even do dual screen like a PC.
Now I know this Review is late, but it is so worth it. I
Promise. You have to get this book. I plan to play catch up
for the next few posts. And get all the reviews I had set up
before life through me a curve ball. So stay tuned for my
reviews. I normally only make, one blog post per day. So for
the next month or two, you may see one in the morning and
a catch up post in the evening. I am starting with Stuck up
Suit. See my review tomorrow evening flowing My Morning
post. My morning post is usually at 9am,
my evening post will be at 6pm.
I am so happy to be back reading
and Blogging my reviews again.
Sincerely,
Kimmie Sue.Article Text
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Risk of cancer may be slightly increased, but extra screening is not necessary
The first report linking cancer with scleroderma (Scl) was 50 years ago when a case of alveolar cell carcinoma was described.1 Since then there have been several further case reports and series linking Scl with cancer at various sites.2 The sites of cancer most frequently reported are the lung3,4 and breast5 (perhaps reflecting their prevalence in the general population), but cancers at other sites have also been reported.2,6 In this issue of the Annals there is a report of an Australian population study on Scl and cancer.7 The authors showed a doubling in the risk of all cancers over an average six year follow up period, with the lung being the site at greatest risk. It is thus timely to consider all the evidence suggesting this association is real and then explore some of the possible underlying explanations.
IS THERE AN ASSOCIATION?
It is necessary to compare the incidence of cancer occurring in patients with Scl with that occurring in an appropriately matched general population sample, typically derived from regional or national cancer registers. Studies, such as the current report from Australia, are enhanced when they attempt to include all cases arising in a population to minimise the likelihood of a severity bias. Table 1 summarises the results of a number of such main population studies. In these studies the risk of cancer is expressed as standardised incidence ratios (SIRs) (equivalent to relative risks, which are calculated by dividing the number of observed cases of cancer in patients with Scl by the number of expected cases, allowing for the age and sex of the patients, in the general population occurring during the same period of follow up). Though the early studies reported no association,8,15 most of the more recent studies have found an increased risk (table 1), typically around twofold. However, a recent large study from the USA,14 although in abstract form only, reported no increased risk and this lack of consistency is a cause for caution. The lung is the site with the reported greatest risk with relative risks of up to 16.5.3 Consistent with the case reports there is also a frequently reported trend for an increase in breast cancer, which is not always statistically significant.7
Epidemiological studies on the risk of cancer in Scl
There are few studies that have looked at the role of potential risk factors in Scl and cancer. A recent Japanese study13 suggested that anticentromere antibody positivity (linked with limited Scl) is a significant risk factor. Consistent with these observations is that the presence of antitopoisomerase I has been associated with cancer in patients with Scl only.16 In support of this the latest Australian study found that patients with diffuse involvement were at greater risk than those with limited cutaneous disease. This difference was modest and perhaps explains why others found no significant difference between disease subsets.9 Older age (>50 years) at diagnosis of Scl, not surprisingly, was a significant risk factor, although interestingly neither the sex of the patient nor smoking differed significantly.10
POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS
If there is an increased association between Scl and cancer it is useful to consider the possible explanations. In brief, one disease may increase the risk of the other either as a direct complication or as a result of the treatment given. Alternatively, the two disorders may share common risk factors.
Scl as a risk factor for malignancy
Diseases such as Scl which are associated with lung damage have been linked to an increased risk of cancer compared with the general population.17 Pulmonary fibrosis resulting from non-Scl causes, such as silicosis, is a well recognised risk factor for malignancy.18 Thus it has been suggested that Scl related pulmonary fibrosis is a risk factor for subsequent lung cancer. In support of this a study from the USA showed that pulmonary fibrosis was present in 62% of the patients with Scl who developed lung cancer compared with 28% of those who remained cancer free.9 Others have also reported that lung cancer was associated with Scl related pulmonary fibrosis.10 However, a retrospective study from France of 123 cases of lung cancer in Scl subjects identified no clinical, immunological, or histological, including pulmonary fibrosis, predictors.19
“Most studies, but not all, show increased risk of lung cancer in Scl”
An alternative hypothesis is that immunosuppressive drugs used to treat Scl may predispose patients to cancer. There have been no studies to assess this, but there is evidence that immunosuppression, for example in those who have had a kidney transplant, may increase the risk of subsequent malignancy.20 However, although sites recorded include the lung and breast, they are not the sites at greatest risk.21
Malignancy as a risk factor for Scl
Although there is no evidence that cancer itself increases the risk of Scl, there is reported evidence that some of the treatments used in cancer induce Scl or Scl-like reactions. Thus there have been reports of Scl-like skin after radiation therapy for breast cancer.22,23 In addition, there have been case reports of an Scl-like illness after the use of anticancer drugs, including docetaxel,24 paclitaxel,25 a combination of uracil and tegafur,26 bleomycin27 and carboplatin chemotherapy.28 A recent case report has reported the development of Raynaud’s phenomenon in a child after chemotherapy.29 By contrast there have also been reports of Scl remission during chemotherapy.30
“Some cancer treatments induce scleroderma”
An interesting hypothesis relates to the possibility that breast malignancy leads to a silicone implant, the latter causing an increased risk of Scl. Despite several case reports describing a link between silicone implants and Scl31,32 several large epidemiological studies have not shown any association between implants and Scl.33,34
Shared risk factors
The other explanation is that there are shared risk factors, either genetic or environmental, for the two diseases. There is an increased risk of cancer in first degree relatives of patients with Scl, suggesting that there may be a common genetic/environmental link.35 Other indirect evidence suggesting a shared environmental link comes from a prospective American study which found a high incidence of tongue and oral malignancies, raising the possibility that an ingested carcinogenic compound may possibly initiate Scl.36 Smoking is not considered a risk factor for Scl, which would have been one obvious explanation for the increased number of lung cancers. By contrast, coal miners have an increased risk of both disorders, perhaps mediated through pulmonary fibrosis as suggested above.
Other environmental agents such as exposure to organic solvents has been linked independently to both cancer37 and Scl38 and may be of relevance, but there are no data on this. Scl has been associated with chromosomal damage/breakage,39 and this may also possibly be linked to a role in cancer development.
SUMMARY
The data suggesting a link between Scl and cancer are not overwhelming, but there is probably a modest increase in risk, particularly of lung cancer, in patients with diffuse disease and associated pulmonary fibrosis. By contrast, there does not seem to be a convincing and biologically coherent case for a non-specific increased risk of malignancy in patients with Scl. Given that the lung status of patients with diffuse disease is already regularly monitored, these conclusions do not suggest any additional screening is necessary.
Risk of cancer may be slightly increased, but extra screening is.Emotionally Cleansing Tears
Tears are emotionally cleansing. When I’m worried about something, my soul feels burdened. Stress develops myself out to the point where my body starts to physically react.
Oh and let’s talk about the anxiety. My stomach tightens, its grip unrelenting. I have no appetite, my heartbeat races, and I can’t sleep. An overall lack of focus keeps me from paying attention to the world around me.
All I can focus on are the burdens.
At some point, the stress and anxiety becomes too much. Panic sets in,. Breathing labored, I feel like I have nowhere to run. Tears race down my face. Gathering at my chin, stress and anxiety fall one by one. Anxiety releases its grip, my heartbeat normalizes, and I sleep.
In that moment, I get a sense of clarity. Burdens dissipate and I’m relieved.The Mercedes-Benz Corporate Run will close roads in downtown Fort Lauderdale on Wednesday and Thursday.
From 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. this evening, Las Olas Boulevard will be closed between Andrews and Southeast First avenues.
From 1 p.m. to 11 p.m., Las Olas will be closed from Andrews to Southeast Second avenues. Southeast First Avenue will be closed from Southeast Second Street to Las Olas.
The more than 7,000 race participants are expected to start arriving at 4 p.m. Thursday, according to a Mercedes-Benz news release.
The race, which begins at 6:45 p.m. at Huizenga Plaza, will close lanes on some downtown roads.
Some stretches of road will be completely closed for the first 20 minutes of the race, including Southeast Third Avenue from Davie to Las Olas boulevards and southbound Southeast Third Avenue from Davie south to Southeast 14th Street.
For information, call 305-666-7223 or access the race page at mercedesbenzcorporaterun.com.Welcome to our Austin Rare Coins review page. Austin Rare Coins uses a “closed loop” system for opening a precious metals IRA.
This refers to an electronic platform that connects the investor, the metals dealer, the IRA administrator and the facility responsible for your physical asset storage. This process is a transparent transaction with all parties able to follow the IRA process along the way.
The Better Business Bureau states the company has been accredited since 2009 for 5 years of continuous accreditation.
Company Information:
Company Address: 10800 Pecan Park Blvd Ste 250, Austin, TX 78750
Phone Number: (512) 231-1601
Website:
Operational Hours: Monday – Friday: 9:00am – 9:00pm (CST)
Austin Rare Coins IRA Services:
Austin Rare Coins handles the gold IRA application process electronically through a closed loop system online. Listed below is the basic process of how it works:
- You fill out an basic application form and receive a confirmation link via email.
- You visit the IRA administrator’s website to fill out a self-directed IRA application.
- Once the self-directed IRA is setup, you receive your account number.
- The custodian or administrator receives the funds from your prior custodian.
- Austin Rare Coins is electronically notified of the authorized funds.
- They will then send you a quote with the specific metals you have selected.
- Once you have approved the trade, Austin Rare Coins will execute it and then send your shipment to an LBMA approved facility.
Notable Services:
- Wide selection of IRA-approved precious metals: Austin Rare Coins offers a large collection of gold, silver, platinum and palladium coins.
- Learning Center: The company offers free market reports (ARCL) available to download in PDF format.
Austin Rare Coins IRA Fees:
Austin Rare Coins Austin Rare Coins Review are listed below:
Austin Rare Coins Complaints:
Although the company has 3 publicly listed complaints with the BBB, all complaints are now closed and Austin Rare Coins remains in good standing.
Promotions & Advertising:
Austin Rare Coins Review Score:
Our research concludes that Austin Rare Coins has a very good reputation online for both business practices and precious metals IRA services. However, cheaper IRA setup and custodian storage fees are available through other gold IRA companies so due diligence is recommended.:1M 3/4/5/6/7/8mm Inner Diameter Silicone Tube Silicone Vacuum Hose Tubing Turbo Coolant Tube Specifications:Material: SiliconeColor: Black, Blue, RedInner diameter: 3mm,..
4.21€
Description: 300mm Length Copper Tube 2mm/3mm/4mm/5mm Diameter Hollow Copper RodSpecification: Material: copper Color: gold Length: approx. 300mm/11.8" Inside diameter: approx. 2mm/0.078", 3mm/0.11"..
2.52€
Description: 4mm x 2mm x 250mm Tube 304 Stainless Steel Capillary Tube Rod Specification: Material Stainless steel Outer diameter 4mm Inner ..
2.74€
Description:OD 8mm x 6mm ID 304 Stainless Steel Capillary Tube Length 250mm Stainless Pipe Specifications:Material: 304 Stainless SteelColor: SilverOuter Diameter: (Approx.) 8mm..
3.00€THE Zimbabwe Achievers Awards (ZAA) will this year give special recognition to women in the media and arts industry.
Running under the theme, Celebrating Women in Media and Arts, the awards ceremony will celebrate five outstanding women who have excelled in the areas that include broadcasting, film and literary arts.
According to organisers, Sony’s Head of Publicity, Taponeswa Mavunga, Forbe’s Farai Gundan, The Walking Dead actress Danai Guriria, Author Petina Gappah and former Dr Who star, Chipo Chung will be honoured at the ceremony on the 7th of May at the Royal Garden hotel in London.
“Over the years we have recognized various individuals and a number of institutions, but this year we wanted to show our support for the extraordinary work that women do that aim to uplift the community in various ways,” said ZAA Chairman, Conrad Mwanza.
“Many women are still undervalued in a number of industries, including business, and we applaud successful businesswomen like Taponeswa, Farai, Danai, Chipo and Petina who are climbing the ranks in their various industries with their passion and energy,” added Mwanza.
The prestigious awards ceremony, which celebrates its sixth year, will provide a reflective context to examine the achievements of women in the field of media, the arts and emerging technologies.
“Women have always been an integral part of crafting culture, and now, with help from the internet, they're at the forefront of the current "maker" movement around the world.
Third novel out in November ... Petina Gappah
“From television to holding top positions in a tough industry like music which has over the years been dominated by males, these women have broken barriers and are inspiring the next generation of female Zimbabweans to pursue careers in journalism, literary arts and business,” Mwanza said.
“From the suffragettes of the 20th century, the Bra burning campaigners of the 1970s, to the third wave of feminists trying to crack the so-called corporate glass ceiling, women have been fighting for equal rights for centuries. While there may still be wider issues, women are continuing to break the mould and are emerging as power-houses not only in the corporate world but in the media industry, as we are now seeing an increase of female directors and producers in the film sector who are influencing major projects and shaping things for the generations of women still to come.”
Mwanza said ZAA salutes and appreciates the efforts all women of Zimbabwean heritage, especially the journalists, media professionals, writers, actresses and producers who are continuing to make immense contributions to the growth and development of the media and arts world in Africa and abroad.
“Incredible women like the five being recognised at ZAA this year are all around us, leading, innovating and mentoring the next generation.
“Every once in a while it is important to shine the spotlight on women and celebrate the inspirational journeys and achievements of some of the brightest talent in the media landscape,” he added.
Over the years, the Zim Achievers has continued to evolve. With the UK awards well established, and with South Africa up and running for the past 3 years, the organisation continues to spread its wings.
With plans for expansion, ZAA will be launching in the United States in the next few weeks and nominations will open shortly after.
Voting for the UK version of this year’s awards has ended and the ZAA’s panel of experts are currently deliberating to come up with the list of winners for the awards ceremony.
Special Recognition Awards Recipients
Farai Gundan
Farai is a 2015 Young Global Leader, World Economic Forum and a Dangote Fellow. Farai has been listed as the number one among top 10 writers for Forbes.com. She also writes for ESSENCE, a leading US publication that focuses on women of colour. She is the recipient of the 2015 Media Excellence Award by African Women Awards and 2014 Emerging African Leader Award by Temple University. Ladybrille Magazine named Farai as one of “20 Influential African Women Entrepreneurs in America to watch in 2015”. In 2013, Forbes named Farai as one of its Top 30 Best Entrepreneurs from Africa. Farai runs FaraiMedia, a media consultancy that focuses on Africa.
Taponeswa Mavunga
Taponeswa Mavunga is the Head of Publicity at Sony. She was recruited from Viacom Africa after spending a year as Head of Talent and Music across MTV, MTV Base and the recently launched [in Africa] BET channels.
Prior to this, she was Senior Publicity Manager at Atlantic Records UK where she oversaw numerous campaigns over the years, including JAY Z, Estelle, Ed Sheeran and Rudimental, for which she won a Music Week Award for Best PR Campaign in 2014.
Petina Gappah
Petina Gappah is a lawyer and an author. She has law degrees from Cambridge University, Graz University in Austria and the University of Zimbabwe. She completed her PhD at the age of 26. She works as Counsel at the ACWL, an international organisation in Geneva that advises more than 70 developing country governments on the laws governing the World Trade Organisation.
In 2014, Petina was nominated by the government of Zimbabwe to be a Member of the Appellate Body, the tribunal that arbitrates word trade disputes. She was the only third African woman to be nominated since 1995, the first being her mentor, Ambassador Amina Mohammed, currently Kenya’s Foreign Affairs and Trade Minister. Although she was closely beaten to the post by Ambassador Shree Servansing of Mauritius, Petina considers this her most successful professional achievement.
As a writer, Petina uses both English and Shona. Her first book, An Elegy for Easterly, was awarded the Guardian First Book Prize in 2009, an honour she shares with Dambudzo Marechera who received the Guardian Fiction award in 1979. The book was also shortlisted for Zimbabwe’s NAMA Award for Outstanding First Book, Ireland’s Frank O’Connor Prize, the Los Angeles First Book Award and the Orwell Prize. Her second book, The Book of Memory, was shortlisted for the NAMA Award for Outstanding Fiction, long-listed for the 2015 Financial Times Oppenheimer award and the 2016 Baileys Prize, making her the first Zimbabwean writer in twenty years to be recognised for this honour. Her third book, Rotten Row, will be published in November 2016. One of the stories from that book has been shortlisted for the Sunday Times EFG Award, the world’s richest award for a single short story.
Danai Gurira
Danai is an actress and playwright. She has started in numerous films and TV shows, including popular series The Walking Dead.
In 2007, Gurira starred in film The Visitor for which she won Method Fest Independent Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actress. She has appeared in films Ghost Town 3 and Restless City. From 2010 to 2011, she appeared in HBO drama series Treme. In 2013, Gurira played a lead role in director Andrew Dsunmu’s independent drama film Mother of George, which appeared at the Sundance Film Festival. She received critical acclaim for her performance as a Nigerian woman struggling to live in the United States.
Gurira has also written and starred in a number of Broadway plays. Her 2009 play, Eclipsed, which starred Oscar winner Lupita Nyong’o made it to Broadway from Off-Broadway. The play is set in war torn Liberia and focuses on three women who are living as sex slaves to a rebel commander, and is about how they deal with this difficult situation. The play was inspired by a photograph of female fighters and their tale of survival.
In January 2016, it was announced Gurira had been cast as Tupac Shakur’s mother Afeni Shakur in All Eyez on Me, a biopic about the rap star.
Chipo Chung
Chipo trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London and graduated in 2003. She is known in science fiction circles for her work in Doctor Who where she has appeared in several episodes. Other TV appearances include, The Last Enemy and as a reporter in an episode of Sherlock.
In 2011, she had a recurring role as Vivian, an indentured servant at King Uther's court in the medieval romance drama series Camelot. She appeared in the 2015 British TV series Fortitude as Trish Stoddart. In the same year, she won the acclaimed role of Mary Magdalene in the TV series, A.D The Bible Continues. The show was hailed for its international and multi-racial casting and opened to 11 million viewers in April 2015.
Chipo co-founded alongside founder Nick Reading, the charity SAFE- Kenya which develops theatre for social change in Kenya, focusing on HIV education and abolishing clitoridectomy. She currently sits on its Board of Trustees. She works closely with the charity Peace Direct in support of Envision Zimbabwe, a women's trust that works towards consensus-building and peace in Zimbabwe.
Appeared in Doctor Who ... Chipo ChungPress Releases
Inter-Council Network congratulates Harper and Paradis on new funding
Released on November 14th 2014
Inter-Council Network congratulates Harper and Paradis on new funding
The Inter-Council Network of Provincial & Regional Councils for International Cooperation voiced its approval today of the recent announcement by the Hon. Christian Paradis, Minister of International Development and La Francophonie, of a call for proposals valued at $370 million dollars dedicated to Maternal, Newborn and Child Health (MNCH). Funding for the call for proposals is part of the new $3.5 billion commitment Prime Minister Harper announced at the Saving Every Woman, Every Child Summit in May in Toronto, and will fund initiatives for up to five years that will help reduce maternal and child mortality and improve women’s and children’s health in 40 developing countries in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
The Inter-Council Network, representing over 400 civil society organizations from coast to coast to coast, is made up of eight provincial and regional councils that are recognized for bringing local knowledge and priorities to the federal level. “We welcome this latest announcement and are pleased that the Government of Canada recognizes the invaluable role and expertise of civil society organizations,” said Heather McPherson, Executive Director of the Alberta Council for Global Cooperation.
“The Government’s renewed commitment to spend five times more toward achieving our global goals on maternal health than the original Muskoka announcement in 2010 renews Canada’s global leadership on this issue” stated Carolyn Whiteway, Acting Executive Director of the Atlantic Council for International Cooperation. From the Yukon and B.C. through to Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic, the Councils were unanimous in their appreciation of the technical explanations provided today by the Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada (DFATD).
“We are hoping that they are flooded with proposals, affirming what the Councils already know about Canadians’ interest in international development,” said Tracey Wallace, Executive Director of the Northern Council for International Cooperation, “Canadians want our government to take this kind of leadership on the international stage when it comes to the world’s poor and most vulnerable populations.”
While the Inter-Council Network was unanimous in its approval of the funding, concerns were raised regarding the parameters, “While we agree that this announcement, in spirit, is an excellent initiative, we believe more dialogue must happen on the nature of how to ensure women, children and newborns are protected and cared for and we look forward to that dialogue on reproductive rights” stated Gervais L’Heureux of l’Association québécoise des organismes de coopération internationale.
Kimberly Gibbons, Executive Director of the Ontario Council for International Cooperation added, “We hope that this and the recent call for proposals for Typhoon Haiyan Reconstruction Assistance will soon be followed by others.”
The funding is directed at Canada’s number one development priority: improving the health and survival of women and children in the developing world. The fund is seeking innovative proposals from civil society groups that have the expertise and the capacity outlined in the call.This was a game everyone loved to hate, even when they never once touched the controller. You were, however, wrong about The Order 1886. Here’s why.
It’s been about two and a half years since The Order 1886 pushed the boundaries of what graphics were capable of on consoles. The game was a 3rd person cover shooter that was set in alternate history. Specifically, Steampunk era Victorian England, circa 1886, obviously. The game received very little praise, being called an interactive movie, a tired concept, a walking simulator, and too short. Well, now that the PS4 has a litany of games and exclusives under its belt. Let’s look back on the Order 1886 and see if this dredged up carcass deserves its pair of concrete boots.
Let’s start with the complaints the game suffered from. The major complaint was the 3rd person cover shooters had long since been tired out in last Gen. While this is a valid point, we still see 3rd person cover shooters emerging with success. Gears 4, Gears anniversary, Uncharted, The Last of Us, and The Division all had these mechanics to no great detriment. So personally I feel it’s just an unfair point. The game was in development since before the PS4 was even known about to the public, so one could expect some carry over of refined ideas from the previous generation.
The next complaint is that the game was more like a short interactive movie. While yes, the game does do a lot of hand holding and seeks style over substance. We see lots of games that use this strategy to tell an engaging story, and thus feel like “interactive movies”. Until Dawn is one great example of a game that was a classic horror movie plot set up with interactive bits. So the Order may have lots of cutscenes, but the complaints it’s a 5 hour game with 4 hours of cutscenes was massively blown out of proportion. More accurately, it’s about an 8 hour game with perhaps 1.5 hours of cutscenes. A giant reversal of what you likely heard over and over while surfing the web about this game.
The next point was that in a game about hunting werewolves and vampires, you do neither. There are 10 werewolves in-game, and any other time you’re fighting Humans. This was a key let down. I signed up for a Steampunk game about killing werewolves in London Town and got: Victorian Steampunk bourgeois hit squad. Fortunately, Bloodborne came out shortly after and sated those needs.
So the Order 1886 was lacking in its promise and pushed the story element a bit far over gameplay. However, that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t note its high points. Gamers have been far more lenient towards games who had far more and did much less… I’m looking at you Halo, Destiny, and Mass Effect!
First, I’m going to break tradition and principle and say. The graphics of this game did matter. The game looks phenomenal, even still today it’s one of the best looking games you can play. The way the fabrics move, the way the color palettes are clearly defined. The architecture from the insides of the palace, to the Whitechapel slums, looks authentic beyond compare. The facial movements and expressions are so exquisite it’s sometimes hard to tell they’re animated. The developers clearly spent a lot of time building the world, and it shows. This was where a lot of the effort went, and you can’t really say it was wasted effort. To remove certain excess rooms and hallways is to say you are okay with running down a linear hallway.
The weapons, while sparse, are incredibly inventive and fun, and set up into your standard classes. Auto pistol, revolver, hand cannon, base pistol. Things like that. You do get a few Steampunk “inspired weapons” such as an Arc lance that shoots bolts of lightning at enemies with some random hits. If you’re shooting at 3 enemies you don’t get to pick which one gets hit. Mostly, however, you’re going to be using traditional weapons. Although, when you do get the fun toys you get to use them plenty.
There are some gimmicky mechanics, but they’re easily dismissable. The game’s job was to show off all the neat stuff the PS4 can do. From using your PS4 pad to send Morse code, to the bullet-time inspired “Black sight”. Or as I like to call it, “John Wick vision”.
The best part about this game though is its atmosphere and universe. This is a game I could see a sequel come out of: Say The Order 1870, or something like that. I would hope the devs, or whoever got a chance to work on it would upscale and refine the concept into something even more refined and special. Rather than being a tad milquetoast showcase of a game. I don’t shun the game though for being short. To be honest, I enjoyed playing it more than most games as of late, and the Order is a testament to what happens when games explore untapped areas. Steampunk has been one of those off-and-away locations in Gamer-land that has a lot of potential. I also have a vacation home in Steampunk land, call me bias. Its schools are nice and the real estate value is solid.
The game also has a superb story voiced by some of the best voice actors in the industry. A story of intrigue, loss, and betrayal that won’t leave you unimpressed. Getting to meet real world people like Nikola Tesla and being able to see some of his creations come to life in the game were excellent additions. The only thing the game will leave you wanting for is a proper sequel that fleshes out the story of England and lets us explore to our heart’s content.
The game was, and still is, often misunderstood. Just because the game didn’t try anything new, or innovate people instantly shot it down. But that’s just the thing, Ready At Dawn weren’t trying to do new, they were trying to perfect what had been done and abandoned. Great story telling, gorgeous graphics, unique guns, engaging world and phenomenal execution. Just because something isn’t new, doesn’t mean it’s bad. They did everything they set out to do and did it with pinpoint accuracy.
The Order 1886 was a showcase game for the PS4, and had a ton of potential for greatness. Sure, it wasn’t perfect and had some areas for improvement. But the gamers put unrealistic, and unfair expectations on a game and brutally shot down its chances at life. Yet underneath all that, it was a game deserving of your attention. It was clear much of its hate came from people who never played it too. Seeing all the echoed “complaints” that were outright false.
It’s sad really, the game deserved more than it got. It was used more as a showcase than a respected game, and that’s likely why it never got a real foothold. But it’s far from a bad game, it’s a great twist on a generic concept. It’s a title we hope Sony is willing to look at again down the line and give it one more chance at greatness, because this beaten down game was already great, it was just never given a chance.
Coin Drop. Unbiased, Unfiltered
This opinion piece is written by Park Robinson and doesn’t necessarily represent those at Coin-Drop.com10x10 RGB Led Matrix
Introduction: 10x10 RGB Led Matrix
I've build a 10x10 RGB Led Matrix Simulator on circuits.io because I've allready build a 10x10 RGB Matrix in real life. This one is for testing code and not damaging anything on the real one. So basically this Matrix works with 5 Shift register to control 100(300) leds by only 3 pins.
Here the link:
Step 1: How the Circuit Is Build Up
So we've a 9V power supply and a 5V regulator. The 9V are going inro the matrix itself. 5V is needed to supply the logic side with energy. The arduino & shift registers are connected to 5V.
Step 2: How the Circuit Is Build Up
The arduino connects with 3(5) pins to the logic. Data, Latch, Clock are nessacary and I've added OE and clear.
Step 3: How the Circuit Is Build Up
The logic is build a save way with BJT's before every connection so the shift registers wont get damaged.
Step 4: Finished LED Matrix
So here are some photos of the finished real life version of the Matrix. It works fine for now. Only thing I needed to change was the controller. The 16MHz arduino is a bit slow to control that amount of leds. I've bought a Teensy 3.6 with 180MHz and now everything works fine.
Step 5: Finished Code
After coding some huge performance improvements I ended up with this code here for the withe wave which you can see in step 4:
its still not the best but it works fine.
can u uplode Circuit diagram...of ur project,There are numerous those who have a concept that they must spend a lot of money to purchase good fashion clothes. Fashion claims have grown to be very common nowadays. But every single individual is incompetent at selecting the very best clothes for fashion.
Many people will often have the misunderstanding that they must spend huge amount of money of they would like to put on the very best fashion clothes. You have to remember that it’s not vital that you spend a lot cash on your clothes. You need to put on something that you are comfy and easy.
Another things you need to remember are that you need to dress based on the occasion and also the location. You dress for any birthday celebration or marriage party wouldn’t be just like your dress yourself in the shore.
Fashion styles are often connected with females however it has additionally been found that they’re very popular one of the men nowadays. Selecting the very best new the latest fashions can help you turn yourself from boring to attractive personality. To begin with you should discover the value of the clothing trends.
You should never forget that clothing is among the types of self expression. It is usually stated the first impression of one is usually produced from his appearance. Should you stick to the fashion tips correctly you’ll be able to surely be look beautiful and outfitted for that occasion.
You need to simply pay a bit more focus on your dressing. If you take care of your thing and search then you’ll surely select the right dress that best suits you. Fashion clothing is easily available nowadays.
These come in the neighborhood stores and also on the web. Online clothing is becoming very popular nowadays. There are specific websites that offer great designer clothing at great cost. A few of these websites even offer specific amount of discount rates on fashion clothing.
If you are looking at these clothes you’ll be able to surely consider the trendiest cloth of 2011 obtainable in these stores. Summer time is the greatest season when you are able put on vibrant clothes and select the right new the latest fashions on your own.
Red, blue and lemon yellow are the most useful colors of summer time. It is now time to savor and also the time to maneuver. At this time of your time you are able to surely showcase your trends and styles whenever possible.Top Weight Loss Shake Programs Equate Weight Loss Shake With Nutrisystem Non Gmo.
NutriBullet - The World's Original Nutrient ExtractorFor a limited time, you can get 40% off every order, plus free shipping.NutriSource is dedicated to improving the health of pets everywhere.Nutrisystem Weight Loss Store In Henderson Nv Free Sample Of 14 Day Detox Diet Lemon Juice Detox Diet.
Nutrisystem free foods list : Success stories on nutrisystemFitness Transform your body with tips and easy-to-follow moves for every fitness level.How Long To Lose 100 Pounds On Nutrisystem Sugar Free Detox Recipes A Natural Weight Loss Detox Drink Free Dandelion Tea Water.
Thyroid medications, soy, and your Medifast Plan
Nutrisystem Smooth Vanilla Shake Mix: Calories, NutritionYouth nutrisystem pancake recipe holding learned diet mother the black.Find thousands of healthy recipes complete with calorie counts and nutritional information to keep you on track with your.
Nutrisystem TSV 1/1/17 - Page 2 - Blogs & ForumsNutrisystem Lean 13 Our quick start weight loss plan—perfectly portioned meals delivered to your door.
Nutrisystem Maple Brown Sugar Oatmeal BathThe meat- and dairy-free vegan diet plan is filling and has health and environmental benefits.
It has an official website in the internet at the present time where.
NutriBullet SuperFood SuperBoost, All-Organic & GMO-FreeNutrisystem Success Our easy-to-follow transition plan to help you maintain your weight loss results.
Take Shape For Life Review | (2017 UPDATE) Is It Worth a
Amy c nutrisystem / Nutrisystem frozen food walmartThis does include some ingredients that are genetically modified.
You can add, review, and respond to topics related to health and exercise.Nutrisystem, Inc. 600 Office Center Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034.
Is Nutrisystem Food Tasty - How To Mix Nutrisystem ProteinTasty Takes on Nutrisystem Foods Get creative in the kitchen with fresh spins on your favorite Nutrisystem foods.Do Nutrisystem foods contain genetically modified ingredients.
# How Much Weight Do People Lose On Nutrisystem - ReviewsAbout Teens on NutriSystem NutriSystem is not just a weight loss program for adults.nutrisystem blender bottle. is nutrisystem gmo free. what is the nutrisystem.
# Forskolin 250 Mg 20 Non Gmo - Nutrisystem Lose 40 PoundsAs America's oldest and most trusted supplier of vegetable and flower seeds and plants, Burpee...
NutriSystem says its new green tea mints can help curb appetites.Please note that foods containing genetically engineered ingredients are subject to controls and regulations by U.S. federal agencies, and must meet the same strict guidelines for food safety as all food products.
Healthy and Good Quality Gluten Free Protein BarsHttp chefintraining lot day subjects six meals whole retirement nutrisystem free sample employee people magazine.One of the leading meal delivery and meal replacement diets, Medifast has been serving men and women since 1980.
We make every effort to provide high quality food products made from the best ingredients.
NutriBullet Shop | All-Organic, GMO-Free SuperFood Blends
Enriched Air Diver
Scuba Diving with Enriched Air Nitrox.
This is a theoretical course. There is no dive involved.
Prerequisites
To enroll , you must
Be 15 years or older
Have an SSI Open Water Diver certification (or have a qualifying certification from another organization)
The Learning Materials You Need
The Enriched Air Diver crewpak includes all required materials to complete. enriched air nitrox increases it, giving your more time at depth
Digital Underwater Photographer – Photographers usually like to make several dives so they can get lots of pictures.12
Sep, 2015
The Pelham Coffee Lounge
Bexhill-on-Sea, Sussex, United Kingdom
The Pelham is a 100 year old railway hotel turned Community Center. Starting life in the early 1900s, it ceased trading in 2009 and the Victorian building, left empty for a number of years, inevitably fell into considerable disrepair. A charity was formed to purchase the property in 2012 with a vision to renovate the building and create a community hub in an area which is officially one of the 10 per cent most deprived areas of the country. The neglected building required considerable costly renovation, paid for by the fund raising efforts of the local community along with some hard-won grants, the generosity of local businesses and the work of a number of committed volunteers.
The first phase of the vision was realized in January this year when The Pelham opened its doors for business. The newly restored ground floor of the building houses The Pelham Coffee Lounge, with a commercial kitchen, a function room and a bathroom with shower for community use opening up in September. There are still two floors and a basement to go. Plans include creating a large function room be used for seminars, training, children’s groups, quiz nights, AGMs, multi-sensory groups and fitness classes plus additional smaller function rooms, hot-desking and community office space and accommodation.
Ollie Jeffs – Project Manager @ The Pelham and now Barista at The Pelham Coffee Lounge – told us:
I first heard about Suspended Coffees through Social Media and was inspired by the stories being shared. Around that time we were opening our Coffee Lounge in The Pelham and looking for creative ways to be inclusive to everyone. The Suspended Coffee movement brings together the generosity of those who can afford a coffee, with those who can’t but still enjoy a drink and a treat.
At first I was concerned that people would ask for something and there would be nothing ‘Suspended’ available, but this has not been the case; we have received over £200 in gifts and the scheme is being enjoyed by a number of people from the community. Our volunteers enjoy being able to serve everyone regardless of how the drinks have been paid for. It has helped us to communicate our vision of being a hub for the community. It is also encouraging to see the kindness of others who contribute.
We’ve enjoyed serving everyone and even treating people to a second drink as a gift from someone else. It has allowed people to feel at home and to be relaxed in the Coffee Lounge.
We believe Suspended Coffees is a great act of community, one which unites people through acts of kindness and allows everyone to enjoy a treat in life.
Visit facebook.com/thepelhambexhill or twitter.com/thepelham to find out more.The documentary ‘Burden of Peace’ tells the impressive story of Claudia Paz y Paz, the first woman to lead the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Guatemala. The country that has been ravaged for years by a devastating civil war, in which nearly 200,000 Mayan Indians were systematically massacred, is today one of the most violent countries in the world. Claudia Paz y Paz starts a frontal attack against corruption, drug gangs and impunity and does what everyone had hitherto held to be impossible: she arrests former dictator Efraín Rios Montt on charges of genocide. His conviction becomes the first conviction for genocide in a national court in the world history.
Since her first year in office, Claudia Paz y Paz gave acces to filmmakers of Framewerk, Joey Boink and Sander Wirken. It resulted in an intimate glimpse into the life of a woman who wants to change her country and therefore brings immense sacrifices.
There will be a film-screening followed by Q&A with film-maker Sander Wirken and Guatemalan Human Rights Defender Omar Jeronimo. It will be held on Monday 22nd June, from 6pm-8pm, at Doughty Street Chambers, 53-54 Doughty Street, London WC1N 2LS.
For more information about the movie, including the trailer, click here.Brighthouse up for sale amid refinancing race
The sales process is likely to begin in mid-October as it makes an effort to refinance £220m of bonds that are due next year.
Brighthouse, owned by private equity company Vision Capital, allows shoppers to pay for goods in weekly instalments, but recent months have seen their earnings crash by 79 per cent to £11.7m after changes to sign-in procedures led to a slump in the number of new customers.
The changes involved including more detailed assessments of customer's incomes and spending in response to a probe into the rent-to-own sector using high-pressure sales tactics and overcharging. For example, an investigation last year found that a £350 washing machine was more than three times as expensive if bought through Brighthouse's weekly instalments.
Three years ago, Vision Capital was preparing the chain for a potential stock market float, but were stopped by concerns about the FCA process resulting in Brighthouse coming under pressure from US hedge funds buying its debt and attempting to wrest control of the business.
Brighthouse's listed bonds are currently trading at 77p on the pound.Find the x-intercepts of the parabola with vertex WILL MEDAL AND FAN (-1,-108) and y-intercept (0,-105)..Hi this is joe FK's son. He wants you all to know that hes in hospital so hes sorry if hes been quiet and not replying to any emails. He's unable to get to a computer and is unlikely to be out until next week. Please spread this around the blogsphere. He sends a big big love to all!
cheers everyone Joe x
10 comments:
No problem, Father.. You just get yourself well.!!
Hope to hear from you in a week or so then.
Thanks for the post Joe!!
Thanks for letting us know Joe! Give your dad a big hug on behalf of all of us (and -apparently- our girlfriends).
Also give him our love!
Also, also, get the man a DS in there!
Thank you Joe.
Tell him that I hope he gets better.
Poor dude must be having hell with all the games he wants to catch up on and not being able to do them.
Koobs
Appreciate the post Joe! Tell your good ole' dad to get better!
Damn! I thought that was Lex Luthor from Smallville! *lol*
I'll be sure to have a present ready for the old fart when he comes out of hospital. I have no idea what, but I'll think o' summat. ;D
Sorry Joe for not sending those e-mails earlier but I've been pretty sick myself.
As I said in my last mail, I hope he gets better quickly. Give him a big hug for me and let him borrow the DS :)
Hopefully, it is not a life-threatening illness.
Get better soon FK!
Hope you get well soon Father k.
get well soon mate - if you already did then sorry i didnt get to see this earlierPriyanka urges fans to watch cousin Parineetis Ishaqzaade Bollywood News Updated: May 01, 2014 03:08 ISTAuthors: Desimartini Editorial Team Mumbai- Actress Priyanka Chopra has urged fans to go and watch her cousin Parineeti's forthcoming movie Ishaqzaade. Parineeti recently tweeted about Priyanka's latest movie Teri Meri Kahaani saying, Teri Meri Kahani looks super fun!! Go mimi didi (Priyanka), To which, Priyanka replied saying, Thank you Tishu!!! So does Ishaqzaade !Yay! I'm so excited! May 11th coming up! Watch out world.. for my sister(sic)!! Yash Raj Films' Ishaqzaad, which marks the debut of producer Boney Kapoor's son Arjun, is the story of two fiery characters and their fight for power and supremacy. It is slated for May 11 release.Priyanka Chopras Teri Meri Kahaani, which also stars Shahid Kapoor, is being described as a timeless love story. The film, directed by Kunal Kohli, is expected to hit theatres in June.door kick plates menards plywood plate for an interior tempting thyme gunmetal.
hammered copper kick plate deck the door decor plates menards grainger brass 8 x 30,entry door kick plate bronze plates lowes stainless steel amazon,door kick plates amazon 8 x 30 oil rubbed bronze plate in diamond stainless steel and brushed aluminum,x stainless steel kick plate for door magnetic plates home depot bronze lowes black,door kick plates walmart bronze lowes black plastic,the our front door makeover rubbed bronze kick plates magnetic home depot oil,door kick plate in diamond stainless steel and brushed aluminum plates grainger magnetic lowes rubbed bronze,eye catching front door kick plates magnetic bronze lowes amazon,brass kick plate 8 x 30 magnetic door plates home depot hardware push pull,door kick plates oil rubbed bronze magnetic stainless steel entry plate.The New Texas Family Planning
Slashed budgets and anti-abortion politics undermine women's health care
By Jordan Smith, Fri., Jan. 27, 2006
On Jan. 1, Planned Parenthood's East Seventh Street clinic, which has offered family planning and reproductive health services to low-income and uninsured women since the early Seventies, discontinued its popular walk-in service. The clinic also drastically reduced its hours of operation, and local Planned Parenthood officials have had to inform more than 6,000 mostly low-income, uninsured patients that they will no longer be able to obtain family-planning services at the clinic. "Your health is important to us and we are sorry that we cannot take care of you," reads a letter mailed in December to thousands of patients. "This has not been an easy decision for Planned Parenthood and we are deeply sorry that services must be cut this way."
But cut they must be, thanks entirely to two pieces of state legislation. Budget riders tacked onto the Texas Department of State Health Services' appropriation in March 2005 divert, over the biennium, a total of $25 million in funds previously earmarked for traditional family planning services and distributed among a host of providers including many (like Planned Parenthood) that specialize in reproductive health services. Instead, that money will first go to fund clinics that either provide reproductive health services in addition to a whole host of other medical services, or to nonprofit groups that do not provide any form of reproductive health care and, on top of that, are neither licensed nor regulated by the state, although they will accept funding from taxpayers.
Specifically, under a rider authored by State Sen. Robert Deuell, R-Greenville, DSHS must use up to $20 million of family planning funding over the next two years to fund Federally Qualified Health Centers community clinics required to provide a host of primary care services to indigent clients before awarding the money to other providers. More egregious is a second rider, authored by State Sen. Tommy Williams, R-The Woodlands, that sets aside another $5 million in family-planning funds over the biennium for grants to so-called Crisis Pregnancy Centers unregulated and unlicensed "support" centers that, by and large, offer no medical services, save for over-the-counter variety pregnancy tests in order to implement a "statewide program for women seeking alternatives to abortion focused on pregnancy support services that promote childbirth."
No Health Case Here
On the surface, the two pieces of legislation are quite different, and at first inspection, Deuell's rider, directing $20 million toward FQHC facilities federally authorized centers that aim to serve any and all indigent clients in need of medical services would appear a pretty good idea. Since FQHCs are designed as a portal for access to a variety of health services including mental health and dental care it makes sense in theory, and as an efficient use of funds, to ensure that the clinics offer on-site family-planning services as well, says Todd Gallaher, Deuell's chief of staff. In short, Sen. Deuell saw the rider as a way to "expand" FQHC services, Gallaher says. In actual fact, however, there are relatively few FQHCs across the state some 40 clinics statewide, compared to 80 Planned Parenthood clinics and a host of other clinics and hospitals that provide family planning, says Danielle Tierney, public affairs director for Planned Parenthood of Austin. And because the FQHCs have a mandate to provide a wide variety of services to anyone who needs them, many of the clinics are already bursting with patients.
Williams' rider, although it involves only $5 million in initial funding, is even more disturbing, only in part because of its uncertainty. Which groups will get the funds, what, specifically, will be done with the money, what the taxpayer benefit is, and exactly how that benefit will be measured all remain undetermined. At press time, the Health and Human Services Commission was still "evaluating" the two applicants that have requested the funding. According to Shirley Thompson, president of the Texas Association of Women's Resource Organization, an umbrella group of state CPCs, crisis pregnancy centers offer pregnant women the "support" they need to carry a child to term. Thompson is working with the Round Rock-based CPC known as The Heidi Group, one of the two applicants for the initial grant money. Generally, Thompson said, CPCs direct women to "resources that are available in the local area" that a woman "may not know exist" such as sources for utility or rent assistance, or for prenatal medical care. In short, CPCs are nonprofit groups that direct pregnant women to established government and nonprofit aid programs but which offer little or no direct health care of any kind.
Taken together, the Deuell and Williams set-asides diverted from a family-planning services budget that, for the 2006-07 budget cycle, was cut by 31.2% have created a statewide funding crisis not only for Planned Parenthood, but also for other health care providers, including county hospitals and hospital districts. Tierney and other advocates, including Women's Health and Family Planning Association of Texas CEO Peggy Romberg, estimate that statewide, 38,000 low-income women will be displaced as a consequence of Deuell's shift of funding, and according to DSHS, nearly 17,000 women may lose access to reproductive health care as a result of Williams' CPC set-aside. In Austin, the immediate effect of the one-two punch is that the East Seventh Street Planned Parenthood clinic will be able to serve no more than 2,400 patients per year, as opposed to the more than 8,000 last year. And to conserve remaining funds, it will no longer be able to serve anyone over the age of 24.
![ Clinic staff (front to back); Leticia Montelongo, Erika
Sanchez, Dora Garza, and Vanessa Long](/imager/b/newfeature/329525/8432/pols_feature-33190.jpeg)
As poorly as the state of Texas serves women's health already (see "Texas Health Care by the Numbers," right), the cuts and fund shifts will certainly make the situation dramatically worse. The possible long-term consequences of the cuts are deeply troubling to many advocates and to some lawmakers who suspect that the real purpose of the legislation is ideological: an unsubtle attempt to further a hard right agenda, and specifically to undermine Planned Parenthood, considered by doctrinaire conservatives as nothing more than an abortion provider. "Truly, what this is about is defunding Planned Parenthood," says Sarah Wheat, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Texas. "Deuell and Williams are pawns of the right-to-lifers, and it drives them crazy that Planned Parenthood gets [government] money. They're so fixated on abortion that they can't get over it."
But traditional family planning services, including those provided nationwide by Planned Parenthood, have little to do with abortion indeed, the law prohibits spending taxpayer funds for abortion services. Instead, for many low-income women, family planning services which include annual gynecological exams, as well as screenings for breast and cervical cancer, sexually transmitted diseases and HIV, diabetes, hypertension, and anemia are the most comprehensive medical care they get. In short, the legislation does nothing but reduce access to health care, says Sen. Judith Zaffirini, D-Laredo (one of only three senators who voted in committee against the riders), and as a result, would do far more damage than simply wound Planned Parenthood. "I ... believe strongly that redirecting [money for] family planning services may result in an increased number of births, an increased number of unwanted pregnancies, [or] an increased number of abortions," Zaffirini said. "It may be all three."
FQHCs: Instant Family Planning
There is no dispute that Federally Qualified Health Centers are an important cog in the community health care machine. The FQHC designation was created by federal legislation in 1989 to denote clinics that serve as a single point of access to health care by uninsured and/or indigent clients, and each is required to provide, on-site, three core services: general medicine, mental health services, and dental care. FQHCs are required to provide other medical services as well, like pediatrics and family planning, but may contract with an outside provider, say, for example, a local Planned Parenthood, to provide clients with specialty services. Additionally, FQHCs are bound by a specific form of governance and federal reporting requirements, and must serve a defined geographical area (although they are still required to see any and all patients, even those who are not residents of the service area). In short, part of being an FQHC is dealing with the federal bureaucracy, and that isn't universally appealing to community providers, many of whom such as county hospitals, which already provide a broad spectrum of services have been in business far longer than the FQHC program. And many providers, like Planned Parenthood, are not only veterans but also specialists, for whom FQHC designation is not an option. As a result, in many communities, including Austin, FQHC and nonFQHC clinics have worked together to form partnerships, referring clients among clinics in order to provide service that is as seamless as possible.
In large part, this is the reason that the Deuell-created diversion of funds has cut so deeply. According to the rider, DSHS is now required to allocate funds to FQHCs first, before distributing the remaining funds among other providers. Under the new scheme, according to DSHS, 22 FQHCs got just under $7 million, leaving about $37 million in the family planning budget for the remaining 74 providers that applied for funds. For all but one of the FQHCs, the fiscal year 2006 allocation offered a significant increase in funds, while a majority of the other providers saw significant cuts including a 40% cut for Austin's Planned Parenthood operations. "This particular set-aside for FQHCs makes no sense," Tierney says. "Yes, many [FQHCs] do family planning, but this is what we specialize in. We have the capability to see more people and to do more with the money," she continued. "[T]hey're taking ... money and setting it aside for a limited number of facilities." Consequently, says Romberg, some clinics will likely close and thousands of low-income women may lose easy access to reproductive health services. "If you close a clinic site and lay off staff with expertise, that's a resource that is just lost," she said. "To me it's a real scary thing."
Gallaher, Deuell's chief of staff, disagrees. "I wouldn't make [the] assumption," he says, that women will be left without health care "just because [some clinics] didn't get the funding." Whatever money was cut from one clinic's budget was moved to an area FQHC, he said, so "the FQHC entity should be able to serve those folks." In all, he says, Deuell believes the FQHC is simply a "better model" to deliver health care to the uninsured and he denies that the rider was in any way aimed at defunding Planned Parenthood. "I absolutely would not deny that [Deuell] is extremely pro-life in his political views, but I don't think you could draw a line to this as an attack on Planned Parenthood," Gallaher said. "If you lost funding and could yell that it was a way to defund Planned Parenthood [you would], instead of acknowledging that this other clinic may be able to serve the population better." (In Austin, the city/county health department clinics are FQHCs. With the Deuell diversion, the Austin Travis Co. Health and Human Services Department got $674,202 in funds for FY 06, a 253% increase over last year.)
Whether an FQHC actually provides "better" family planning services is up for debate, says Trish Young, CEO of the new Travis Co. Hospital District and former CEO of the Austin/Travis Co. Community Health Centers, Austin's FQHC. "To me, when you don't increase the total pool of funding, you're just moving the money around," Young said. "I don't know and I wouldn't even go there to say that the FQHCs are 'better.' Nobody can prove that out." While Planned Parenthood and others may provide more "focused" services, FQHC services "happen to be more broad, so it's not quite an apples-to-apples comparison," she said. "Again, if it doesn't increase [the total amount of] funding for services, it just doesn't change anything." Indeed, there has never been enough family-planning money to cover every Texas woman in need of services before the Deuell rider, approximately 400,000 women in need received subsidized family-planning care, says Romberg, "and that leaves about 1.5 million other women still in need."
Although Gallaher disagrees, many women's health care advocates and providers say that a string of "unintended" consequences of the funding shift suggests the legislation was not well considered. There were some FQHCs that didn't even apply for funding because they didn't want to have to begin offering the services in-house, says Romberg, and several large hospitals also lost significant funding including Thomason Hospital in El Paso, which had its overall family planning budget slashed by 40% even though it provides as many, if not more, services than a community FQHC. Moreover, eight of the 22 FQHCs that got funding are first-time fund recipients, like the Georgetown Community Clinic, which is starting its own family planning operations in order to get the additional funds. "So we were made to jump into [family planning]," said Kali Kollmeyer, FQHC program manager for the Georgetown clinic. Although the Georgetown FQHC is, essentially, a winner in Deuell's rider game, Kollmeyer says the funding shift has been somewhat disruptive at press time, the clinic hadn't even begun to systematically get the word out to women that the clinic is now offering family planning. "It seems like it's kind of rushed for all parties," she said. Tierney couldn't agree more: "That proves what a hasty and political move this was; it was a midsession sneak attack, making family planning more attractive for the FQHCs," she said. "What kind of system turns you into a [family-planning provider] overnight?"
No Real Alternative but Jesus
Theoretically, in the event that less funding does create a health care gap for low-income women, the state's network of Crisis Pregnancy Centers, as a consequence of Williams' corollary set-aside, would be there to take up the slack, with the envisioned "statewide program" for women "seeking alternatives to abortion." What, exactly, this "program" would look like is unknown and to hear HHS Commission spokesman Jeff Wool tell it, the state isn't all that sure either. "Generally speaking," he said, "there won't be any provisions that go beyond [the text of the legislation]." At press time, the Commission had not yet awarded the money $5 million over the biennium earmarked by Williams for implementing his vague abortion alternative program, although two groups, The Heidi Group in Round Rock and the Bellville-based Texas Pregnancy Center Network, have applied for the funding.
According to its Web site, The Heidi Group seeks to "make a difference in the lives of women who find themselves in unplanned pregnancies" by offering women a "balanced approach to life, understanding that the unplanned pregnancy is the immediate concern, but that she needs hope offered through a relationship with Christ." Although a woman may have "practical" needs that can be met through "life skill training," her "real needs will be met through discipleship." The group's founder, Carol Everett, says her organization wants to share the "truth about the choice of life," and at the CPC, Everett says in a video clip on the Group's Web site, a woman "will be helped with the choice of life. Both physical life for her baby and eternal life for that woman through Jesus Christ." The Heidi Group program apparently makes no provision of any kind for women who may not be Christians, or otherwise ripe for proselytizing. But that won't be an issue if the group gets the CPC set-aside, insists Thompson, who is working with Everett on the group's funding proposal, since the law forbids spending taxpayer funds for overtly religious ministries. If the group gets the money, Thompson promises, there will be no "overt or covert evangelizing" and no clients will actually be sent to The Heidi Group's Web site for information.
The other applicant, Texas Pregnancy Center Network, is even more elusive: It has no Web site, and contact information for its three directors is not readily available. (The Chronicle was able to find a phone number for Randall Gabrel, one of the three directors listed on incorporation filings with the Secretary of State's Office, but, at press time, Gabrel had not returned phone calls.) The network didn't even exist, at least officially, until Aug. 15, 2005, when it filed for nonprofit incorporation status with the SOS. According to a December Associated Press report, the mysterious network is associated with a Pennsylvania-based CPC group, "Real Alternatives."
Real Alternatives is considerably less preachy than The Heidi Group in part, perhaps, because overt proselytizing would mean the organization wouldn't be eligible for the federal monies available for "abortion alternative" programs including, in Texas, Williams' $5 million earmark, which comes out of federal welfare grant money. (Real Alternatives notes on its Web site that its affiliates must agree to eschew religious promotion "while providing contract services to the client.")
Bible-thumping can take many forms, however, and for the CPCs the second-best alternative to the True Word appears to be the various pamphlets they offer to women seeking services including pamphlets describing the putative horrors of abortion. "The pamphlets, recently, have not been blatant proselytizing," Wheat said, "just one step removed." Among the literature available to CPCs (readily available via an online library) is an "abortion checklist" that includes a "consumer alert" about the "diabolical" late-term abortion procedure, which the literature claims was "engineered for the benefit of what is called the 'Fetal Harvesting Industry,'" fed by medical professionals who "coerce" pregnant women into having abortions for the benefit of "medical research."
Whether the CPCs that get funding under the Williams rider would actually be allowed to use this type of information is unknown. In response to a question by Sen. Eliot Shapleigh, D-El Paso, during a March 9 meeting of the Senate Finance Committee, Williams said only that the CPCs would be required to be nonprofit organizations that operate in line with state policies and that "don't promote, refer [patients to abortion providers], or perform abortions."
On the other hand, the list of what is not required of the CPCs is far longer and far more disturbing to health advocates. CPCs getting state funding will not be required to have a licensed doctor on staff; are not regulated, subject to inspections by the state health department, or required to meet any state health and safety standards; are not required to keep patient information confidential; and, says Tierney, beyond discussing abstinence, many don't offer information or referrals for birth control. "Most of the [CPCs] are evangelical and are trying to convert women," Wheat said. They're "not regulated, not licensed; so what are we getting for our $5 million? We used to know exactly what we got for our money," when it went to traditional family-planning providers. "Now, I have no idea what we're getting."
Zero-Sum Arithmetic
In that context, exactly what health care niche the CPCs are supposed to fill remains unclear. Licensed family-planning doctors, in FQHCs or more specialized family planning clinics, like Planned Parenthood's, offer a host of services and counseling regarding the entire range of options available for every reproductive medical condition including an unplanned pregnancy. The CPCs, apparently, will provide no such services. So, what, many want to know, is the real intent of Williams' legislation?
Asked about the legislative intent of the Williams rider, the senator's aide Jason Baxter provided two prepared statements from Sen. Williams. The first charged that according to national Planned Parenthood's own figures, "the vast majority of their pregnant client visits are abortion-related. ... Accordingly, the abortion alternatives funding rider created a new niche funding stream for organizations that specialize in providing pre- and post-natal care for women facing unplanned pregnancies who want an option other than abortion." Williams continued, "Only $5 million total of Title X funds were reallocated to TANF in order to fund agencies that specialize in assisting women seeking alternatives to abortion. Planned Parenthood and other Title X funded agencies will continue to receive tens of millions in state funds. I would be surprised to learn that pro-choice advocates oppose funding for choices other than abortion." Unfortunately, despite Williams' assurances, none of the Crisis Pregnancy Centers applying to be funded by the rider expect to provide "pre- and post-natal care for women facing pregnancies" at all.
Planned Parenthood's Danielle Tierney responded, "If Sen. Williams wants to talk numbers, let's talk about the real number of family planning visits at Planned Parenthoods each year. Over two million women [nationally] come to Planned Parenthood for family planning services each year. Planned Parenthood does more in one day to prevent unplanned pregnancy than Tommy Williams will do in his entire legislative career." Tierney also pointed out that, despite the senator's implications, none of the state or federal money allocated to Planned Parenthood clinics pays for abortion services, explicitly forbidden by law.
Thompson says the point of funding CPCs is clear: "If a woman is pregnant, then the family planning point is gone," she says. "At this point she needs other help." In other words, to the CPCs and their prospective clients, abortion will not be even a theoretical option for discussion. As an alternative, the CPCs will offer "needs assessment," to determine what social service and/or other nonprofit programs the pregnant woman can tap into, as well as "counseling" services, Thompson says. Of course, the counseling they offer is limited, since under Williams' rider, they're not allowed to do much except touch on the subject of abortion. "We provide information related to abortion issues," Thompson said, "we fully inform our clients about their options, although we don't do referrals." CPC services, she said, are focused on "childbirth, and actually promoting childbirth."
DSHS estimates indicate that nearly 17,000 women could lose access to preventative family-planning health care and reproductive services because of the Williams set-aside. And because the women served by the subsidized family-planning programs are uninsured, low-income women, a lack of access to services raises the concern that the number of unplanned pregnancies and, perhaps, even the number of abortions performed each year will in fact rise, a potential consequence that disturbs pro-life Sen. Zaffirini. "If you don't have family planning available, the number of unplanned pregnancies will rise, the number of children born will rise," she said. "And so women without family planning may actually consider abortion, if they are not able to rear their children."
Thompson disagrees. "I don't think that would be the end result. I think that's presumptuous to say that is what would happen," she said. CPCs "are for women who want to continue their pregnancies." But what about poor women who stand to lose their health care? "These are women who just won't get a pap smear" if they don't have easy access, Wheat said. Thompson says she really hasn't given much thought to that consequence. "What women are we talking about?" she asked. "What's wrong with those providers ... [offering] services for free?" Informed that family planning providers already provide free and reduced-fee services, and in fact have relied on state and federal grant money to do so, Thompson was unmoved and did not think that, perhaps, the CPCs should consider offering their services for free. The CPCs didn't "lobby for the funding," but are simply responding to the new state legislation, she said. In sum, Thompson is unpersuaded that there will be any women that "won't get access" to health care. "We think [funding CPCs is] good."
Don't Call It "Conservative"
Cutting services and funding CPCs may indeed be "good" for the centers that, by definition, rely on unplanned pregnancies to justify and sustain their programs. But that's certainly not a good reason to divert "dear and scarce" family-planning money to the centers, Romberg says. If Williams and Deuell want to fund FQHCs and CPCs, "they should cough up [a separate appropriation] instead of taking women's money," Romberg said. Williams' office didn't respond to questions about why the senator didn't consider a separate appropriation, but one legislator says that both Williams and Sen. Steve Ogden, R-Bryan (chair of the Senate Finance Committee in which the Deuell and Williams riders were adopted) have made their intentions well-known: "Both Williams and Ogden have said that the purpose is to put Planned Parenthood out of business," said the legislator, who asked not to be named, "and when Ogden became chair of Finance ... he turned [the task] over to Williams." (Ogden did not respond to req0uests for comment.)
As a state policy, that is just wrongheaded, say Romberg and Wheat, and it's also exponentially expensive. "Unplanned pregnancies in poor families [are] the gift that just keeps on giving," Romberg said. They're costly, not only in terms of health care, but also impact a host of other services on down the line, "the education system, Child Protective Services, foster care, food stamps, the criminal justice system," just to start the list. Indeed, preventative family planning care costs the state about $160 per woman served, per year for "physical exams, [clinic] visits, [and supplies] for family planning," she points out, compared to about $8,500 per woman, for just the "first-year costs" the state pays for carrying unplanned pregnancies to term, as a consequence of what is inevitably described as a "conservative" policy. "It makes no economic sense," Romberg said.
While the initial damage has already been done, advocates warn, the effects are likely to be even worse during fiscal year 2007. Because the provisions of the Deuell rider didn't take effect until Jan. 1, most regularly funded family planning providers, such as Austin's Planned Parenthood, still got four months of funds from Aug. 31 to Dec. 31, 2005 based on the old funding formula. As a result, just over $6.8 million of the $10 million annual earmark mandated by Deuell's rider was granted to FQHCs, for use during the eight remaining months of the fiscal year. Next year, says Romberg, the full $10 million will go first to the FQHCs, meaning there will likely be even greater budget shortfalls for other providers. "I'd be happy to let the state fall on its face [with this]," said Romberg, "but the problem with that is that you'll have a lot of victims."
And it isn't likely that sympathetic legislators will be able to roll back the provisions without help from the electorate. "When extremists run government there are extreme consequences. Elections matter," said Shapleigh, who, with Zaffirini and Gonzalo Barrientos of Austin, voted against the riders when they came before the Senate Finance Committee for approval. "So the real question is, will women respond?"
Deuell Rider: Family Planning Services at Federally Qualified Health Centers"Out of funds appropriated [for] Family Planning Services, up to $10,000,000 in each year of the 2006-07 biennium shall be set aside for family planning services provided by [FQHCs]."
"FQHCs funded under this strategy shall assure that recipients receive comprehensive primary and preventive care in addition to the family planning services."Being Truly Unified
by Lynette Woods
All
Scripture references are from The Amplified Bible believers in New
Testament times were controversial! But the
residents of the town were divided, some siding
with the Jews, and some with the apostles. Acts
14:4
In church
history whenever God has been at work, there has
been division among Christian families and churches
regarding the things that God is doing. Paul in 1
Cor 11:18,19 says ...when you assemble as a
congregation,! The Jews didn’t recognise
that their Messiah was right in their midst, He
became a stumbling block to them. Isaiah said of
Jesus, be very careful that we ourselves are not
guilty of spiritual prejudice, self righteousness
and traditions which will make us do the very same
thing as the Pharisees in Jesus’ day.
The
divisions that Paul did warn about were to do with
following a man instead of Jesus which is
exactly the problem that is rampant in the
institutional churches of
We need
to remember that we are part of Christ’s Body and we
must expect diversity in that Body. We don’t need to
be the same to be united! We each have a different
function and responsibility and we need to
appreciate and accept one another. We also need to
beware of those who are not part of the Body of
Christ but who purposely cause division, often
through denominational differences or man’s
doctrines and traditions.
Be on your guard concerning those who
create dissensions and cause divisions in
opposition to the doctrine which you have been
taught. I warn you to turn aside from them and
avoid them. For such persons do not serve our Lord
Christ but their own appetites... Romans
16:17,18
Alphabetical
By Author
Chronological
What's
Unveiling?I found it again today.
Better read it before it is gone forever...
***
Here is my original post on this from August 30, 2008 .
***
So why do they want a switch to kill the internet?
If and when Marshal law is enacted in America and people are taken to the FEMA camps, will cell phones be "killed."
On another similar front of a sort...
These people have a way around that; but the powers that be are pushing
for a kill switch in cell phones under the guise of disabling stolen
phones remotely...ya right!."
***
This is not good.
News that the CDC has confirmed the first case of Ebola diagnosed on U.S. soil..
In other Ebola news, outbreaks in Nigeria and Senegal appear to be completely contained.
***
As announced earlier today, the next version of Windows is Windows 10.
Windows 10 in pictures.
I totally dislike windows 8.1 with the annoying stuff that happens when my cursor moves in certain directions.
Very irritating when your typing on your blog and suddenly a new window pops up and you have to take a moment to get back to where your currently working.
Heres more;
Today at a press conference in San Francisco, Microsoft announced the new version of their flagship operating system, called Windows 10.
(Yes, t-e-n. I don't know.)
With the new version of the operating system, they'll be unifying the application platform for all devices: desktops, laptops, consoles, tablets, and phones.
As early leaks showed, the Start Menu is back — it's a hybrid of old and new, combining a list of applications with a small group of resizable tiles that can include widgets. Metro-style apps can now each operate inside their own window (video).
There's a new, multiple-desktop feature, which power users have been
demanding for years, and also a feature that lets users easily grab
objects from one desktop and transfer it to another.
The command line is even getting some love.
The Technical Preview builds for desktops and laptops will be available tomorrow through the Windows Insider Program.
They're requesting feedback from customers. Windows 10 will launch in late 2015.
I used to get on-board to preview new OS from Micro$, but these days not so much.
Been slowly turning Apple, there I said it.
***.
***
Microsoft will monitor users in the new Windows 9 ( being called Windows.
***. ...
Researchers are, for example, testing
LTE Direct as a way to allow smartphones to automatically discover
nearby people, businesses, and other information.
***
Just as a matter of principle I often use Tor network browsers to frustrate those who follow other browsers gathering data..
You can use this great browser to try out the TOR network.
***.
."
***
CIA's Starbucks...
The.
"They could use the alias 'Polly-O string cheese' for all I
care," said a food services supervisor at the Central Intelligence
Agency, asking that his identity remain unpublished for security
reasons.
"But giving any name at all was making people — you know, the
undercover agents — feel very uncomfortable. It just didn't work for this location."
***
The state-run OAO Rosneft has discovered a vast pool of crude
in the Kara Sea region of the Arctic Ocean, arguably bigger than the
Gulf of Mexico.
From the article: ."
***
Gull Island has a very large oil field that has been hidden
This will blow your mind.
***
OK listen up...your going to want this real bad
***Article Text
Abstract
Objective To test for a urate gene-by-diuretic interaction on incident gout.
Methods The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study is a prospective population-based cohort of 15 792 participants recruited from four US communities (1987–1989). Participants with hypertension and available single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) genotype data were included. A genetic urate score (GUS) was created from common urate-associated SNPs for eight genes. Gout incidence was self-reported. Using logistic regression, the authors estimated the adjusted OR of incident gout by diuretic use, stratified by GUS median.
Results Of 3524 participants with hypertension, 33% used a diuretic and 3.1% developed gout. The highest 9-year cumulative incidence of gout was in those with GUS above the median and taking a thiazide or loop diuretic (6.3%). Compared with no thiazide or loop diuretic use, their use was associated with an OR of 0.40 (95% CI 0.14 to 1.15) among those with a GUS below the median and 2.13 (95% CI 1.23 to 3.67) for those with GUS above the median; interaction p=0.006. When investigating the genes separately, SLC22A11 and SLC2A9 showed a significant interaction, consistent with the former encoding an organic anion/dicarboxylate exchanger, which mediates diuretic transport in the kidney.
Conclusions Participants who were genetically predisposed to hyperuricaemia were susceptible to developing gout when taking thiazide or loop diuretics, an effect not evident among those without a genetic predisposition. These findings argue for a potential benefit of genotyping individuals with hypertension to assess gout risk, relative in part to diuretic use.
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Footnotes
Funding The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study). Mara McAdams DeMarco was supported by a T32 training grant from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute grant (5T32HL007024). Alan Baer and Janet Maynard were supported by the Donald B and Dorothy Stabler Foundation. Anna Köttgen was supported by the Emmy Noether Programme of the German Research Foundation. The funding sources had no role in the analysis or interpretation.
Competing interests None.
Ethics approval Approval provided by the Johns Hopkins Institutional Review Board.
Provenance and peer review Not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.
Data sharing statement ARIC is available for public use through the NHLBI. This research was presented as an oral presentation at the American College for Rheumatology Annual Meeting in Chicago, Illinois, USA (7 November.Services - Overview
BurrellesLuce WorkFlow
Streamline every stage of your Public Relations Management with BurrellesLuce
BurrellesLuce streamlines media planning, media monitoring, and media reporting with our comprehensive suite of affordable services. All our public relations management services are fully integrated into our user-friendly interface, WorkFlow, which provides services from monitoring, outreach, and research to reporting.
> Learn more about BurrellesLuce WorkFlow.
Your Path to PR Success
BurrellesLuce Blog
- November 15, 2017
- November 7, 2017
- November 3, 2017
"BurrellesLuce gives us comprehensive coverage at an affordable price, so I can show my department’s effectiveness without compromising my budget."
Denise Free, National Constitution CenterFootball
Irish give up 17-point lead, fall to Virginia Tech on Senior Day
Joe Everett | Monday, November 21, 2016
The first time Notre Dame fans ever counted on DeShone Kizer, thrust into action after Malik Zaire suffered a broken right ankle, was when he was called upon to rally then-No. 9 Notre Dame from the jaws of defeat against Virginia during the second game of the 2015 Irish campaign.
Kizer stepped up and rallied the team. Down 27-26 with 19 seconds left, Kizer side-stepped the Virginia pass rush and lofted the ball towards a streaking Will Fuller, who caught the ball in stride for a miraculous, go-ahead 39-yard touchdown, stunning the Virginia crowd and sending Kizer into Irish lore.
On Saturday against Virginia Tech, Kizer looked to add one more chapter to his collection of comeback stories. After the Irish defense forced a punt from the Hokies inside Notre Dame territory, Kizer and the Irish offense took over possession at the Notre Dame 10-yard line with 1:07 left on the clock. Kizer quickly picked up a first down on an 11-yard run to the Notre Dame 21 and followed that with a 20-yard completion to sophomore receiver Equanimeous St. Brown. With a 5-yard Virginia Tech offside penalty added onto the completion, Notre Dame had the ball on its own 46-yard line with 40 seconds to go and momentum on its side. Kizer appeared to set up another comeback in potentially his final game inside Notre Dame Stadium.
Irish freshman receiver C.J. Sanders catches a pass in Notre Dame’s 34-31 loss to Virginia Tech.
However, as one might have predicted in a season marred by mistakes and disappointment, there was to be no storybook ending for Kizer, nor the Notre Dame seniors.
Three straight incompletions left the Irish with a fourth-and-5 with 17 seconds to go. On the ensuing play, Kizer ran up the middle for seven yards to pick up the first down, but sustained a hit to the head in the process, causing him to leave the field for a play. Zaire entered for what would prove to be the final play of the game, as the Irish were only able to attempt one pass before time expired, sending Virginia Tech into jubilation and Notre Dame to its first losing season since 2007. Having to endure yet another close loss this season, Kizer found himself a bit lost for words trying to describe a haywire 2016 campaign for the Irish.
“At this point, what else am I supposed to say?” Kizer said. “It’s just unfortunate that this is how the season has gone. I do believe that in every game we’ve played we’ve had an opportunity to win. We beat ourselves in a sense, from stupid penalties to stupid decisions on reads. I think that, once again, every opportunity that we’ve been out there we’ve had a chance to win the game, and for us to come up short by an average of something around five points in all those games is very frustrating.”
Although the Irish faced a long field with no timeouts on their final drive, Kizer said that he was confident in the offense’s ability to tie or potentially win the game.
“Anytime the ball’s in my hand I think we’re going to score,” Kizer said. “With the guys that we have out there at skill positions and one of the best offensive lines in the country, you have to have all the confidence in the world that things are going to end up the way they’re supposed to. Obviously we go out and we try to execute the coaches call, and we don’t execute, and we don’t win.”
While the Irish were not able to execute down the stretch against Virginia Tech, they started Senior Day by dominating the Hokies on both sides of the ball. Notre Dame received the opening kickoff and proceeded to march 78 yards on seven plays, capping off the scoring drive on a 1-yard touchdown run by Josh Adams to put the Irish up 7-0 — Notre Dame’s seventh opening-drive touchdown of the year. Not to be outdone, the Notre Dame defense took its turn rising to the occasion, as senior James Onwualu stripped junior Virginia Tech quarterback Jerod Evans at midfield, with graduate student Jarron Jones recovering the fumble. Kizer then engineered a 13-play, 42-yard drive, culminating in a 25-yard field goal from sophomore Justin Yoon to put the Irish up 10-0. On Notre Dame’s next possession, Kizer found sophomore Chris Finke for a 31-yard score to put the Irish up 17-0 barely into the second quarter.
“We were aggressive, we knew what we were capable of,” Adams said. “I don’t think we doubted ourselves for one minute.”
Though Virginia Tech eventually put together a drive and scored on the 23-yard run by Evans, Notre Dame hit right back, with Kizer finding sophomore Miles Boykin for an 18-yard touchdown. Virginia Tech scored again before halftime on an Evans 16-yard touchdown pass to junior Cam Phillips, and thus Notre Dame entered halftime with a 24-14 lead.
Irish senior quarterback Malik Zaire catches the snap in the final seconds of Notre Dame’s 34-31 loss to Virginia Tech.
However, the Hokies made adjustments on offense and defense in the second half. After a 62-yard catch-and-run by Virginia Tech’s C.J. Carroll, the Hokies found the end zone as Steven People ran it in from two yards to make it 24-21. Then on defense, the Hokies got away with a hit to DeShone Kizer’s head as Kizer slid to the ground. Kizer was shaken up but stayed in the game, and Brian Kelly after the game was upset by the inconsistency of the targeting rule and its enforcement.
“I mean, we’re talking about protecting the quarterback,” Kelly said. “I’ve been on the wrong end of that play now this year at Syracuse and here against Virginia Tech. That was clearly a quarterback that gave himself up and then was hit. So we’re either going to protect the quarterback or we’re not. So I don’t quite understand what the rule is, because it’s being officiated clearly differently.”
With the Irish offense struggling, Adams provided a necessary spark in the form of a 67-yard touchdown run, the longest run from scrimmage for the Irish this season, to put the Irish up 31-21.
However, the Virginia Tech offense would not go away. After a 23-yard field goal from Hokies junior kicker Joey Slye trimmed the Irish lead to 31-24, Evans again drove the Hokies down the field on their next possession. After a questionable pass interference call against senior Cole Luke put the ball on the Notre Dame 7-yard line, Evans found a leaping Bucky Hodges in the end zone to knot the score at 31. Cole commented on the pass interference call as well as the offensive adjustments Virginia Tech made.
“I think it was just a bad call, and it happens,” Cole said. “Obviously I was frustrated in the moment, but I don’t blame the guy; it happens, he may have saw something differently, on film it might be different from what I think it is, but I think from start to finish I played it perfectly.”
“They were just able to spread us out,” Cole said. “Go spread and get us in a five-box situation, and let the quarterback use his legs to his ability. They executed better than us.”
After yet another Notre Dame three-and-out, Virginia Tech got the ball back and marched 51 yards down the field, eventually settling for a 20-yard field goal by Slye with 4:16 to go to take a 34-31 lead.
Kizer and the Irish couldn’t come back.- Hunter + Rebecca started dating (4 years ago!) and she wanted him to read one before he saw her. Perfect. I love stuff like this!! Maybe it’s because I’m a girl… or maybe it’s because I did the EXACT same thing for Michael!
So I got Hunter ready and in place and then handed him his journal. I explained that he needed to read the letter she had written to him for their wedding day and that I would be back in a few minutes with his bride. Talk about a build up!!! Becca came around the corner and Hunter was literally BEAMING. You just wait until you see the pictures, you’ll agree. She was stunning. So elegant and such a natural beauty!! I was PUMPED! The excitement from their first look alone was enough to carry me through the whole day!!!
It was a perfect 75 degrees, sunny and picture perfect! My sister helped me out since I had a double decker this weekend and it was my first one of the year! I can’t thank her ENOUGH! And I can’t thank Becca enough for being AWESOME. Seriously, I’m SO thankful that at this stage in my business I am attracting brides that could literally be my best friends! They love what I love and they will do anything for some amazing portraits! Her timeline was wonderful and it was a photographer’s dream! So Hunter and Becca, THANK YOU for allowing me to document this amazing day. Your story, your personalities and your love for one another just melts my heart and I’m actually sad that this journey is over. I have loved getting to know you two this year!! Enjoy your honeymoon and this MASSIVE blog post!!! xoxo
I think she’s excited…. just a little.
so beautiful!!
LOVE. THIS.
You don’t get moments like these at the end of the aisle:)
So happy:)
gah!!!!
seriously?!
Work it girl! You look amazing!
The picture on the right is for Hunter:). He was thrilled that we found a pitchfork of sorts. haha
Please notice the air guitar….
LOVE THESE!
Married!!!
Beware… lots of details coming your way!! Becca must have worked like a mad woman!
Handmade silverware holders!
so cute! for the kids!
Who thinks to make the hand sanitizer cute?!
A legacy table…
Some evening portraits!
The light was perfect!
Hahaha See that silly string coming straight towards the camera? Oh it got me! Right in the face! haha (It’s better than being burned by sparklers!)Frontier Culture Museum Dress | Bella Rosa Event Planner | Sheila Pleskonko at Divine Events Hair and Makeup | DJ | King Studios Cake | Cakes By Cathy Stewart Catering | Hanks Smokehouse Bridesmaids Dresses | Nordstrom Groomsmen Attire | Men’s Wearhouse
Kenneth Cole Pants
Shirt: Saddlebred from Belk
Suspenders from Mens Emporium Favors | Granola made by Groom’s mother Honeymoon | Playa Mujeres, Mexico
YAYYYYY! becca your wedding was BEAUTIFUL. everything i imagined it would look like! and katelyn you did a magnificent job capturing it!!!
first of all absolutely gorgeous and amazing details! Love it :)
second the things she did for the kids are absolutely fabulous and i was wondering if she had the tutorial, or place she found the idea from to share with me :) I would love to do similar at my wedding!
Wow! There is just something so sweet, and beautiful about her. What a lovely couple, and gorgeous pictures! I couldn’t stop smiling as I looked through these pictures. This whole post just makes ya’ feel happy!
Wow! What an amazing wedding!!! I love it!! If I were Hunter or Rebekah I would want all these pictures on canvases!!!!!! Just beautiful!
Girl, you are amazing!!!! I LOVE these!! :-)
I might be partial, but you know I love a good Staunton wedding!! :) Just beautiful!! I loved it all! Congrats Hunter and Becca! (PS we’re probably neighbors, no big deal! :))
Oh man, she went all out with the details! Did she hand make every one of those fabric rosettes?? Their first look images are SO sweet!!
So cute!!! We have a wedding there this weekend and I’m STOKED! :) Also, I used to work with Nathan King at my corporate job! Small world!
Beautiful!! I love her flowers. Amazing job on the details. You did a wonderful job again, Katelyn.
Hey Katelyn! Wow!!!
If I were shopping for my wedding photographer right now you would have just totally sold me with this blog post. I would be sending you an enquiry email right this second. Seeing as I’m already married, an uber exited comment is going to have to suffice. :P Anyway…you did a stunning job capturing this beautiful wedding. I’m so impressed. It’s by far one of my favourite collections of wedding photographs I’ve ever seen (and I look at loads hehe). I just wanted to let you know how beautiful I think they are. Super job well done! You TOTALLY rocked that wedding with your camera! :D xoxo Chamonix
Katelyn, these photos are beautiful. I loved this couple’s engagement shoot and their wedding is just breathtaking! Love it, love it.
These are absolutely breath taking. From the photos I wish I was friends with this couple haha Beautiful photos!!!
Wow these are beautiful!!!! Definitely one of my favorites.
Oh my goodness I LOVE this wedding!! You captured it so beautifully!! I felt like I was there! :) Amazing job!!
THIS IS PERFECT!!!
I have no words! These couple portraits are amazing/inspiring/gorge/some of the best I have ever seen! LOVE!
Oh my gosh…I love this wedding. There were so many details!! And Hunter and Rebecca look so incredibly happy! :)
Love these! The details… her smile and the way he looked at her… the silly string…and that pop of light during dancing. May be some of my fav’s
Wow love these!! Every single one is awesome!
What an absolutely amazing wedding and what an awesome way to capture it Katelyn! I think this is my favorite wedding from you… EVER! ;)
I LOVE this!!! They look so excited! Great job capturing the emotions throughout the day, Katelyn.
these are absolutely beautiful!!!
Absolutely gorgeous photography, couple and wedding!! Love this!
Love, love this!! I love the pictures, the details, the couple. What a wonderful wedding beautifully captured. Love your work as always!!!
This is my favorite wedding/couple you have photographed out of the past two years I have been following your blog. Literally everything is amazing, I love how you always captured them laughing! I never comment and I loved this so much I HAD to!
OMG! Just amazing! I don’t know how you do it!! But it is a gift from God. I can feel every emotion that this couple is feeling. I agree totally with Victoria and feel the exact same way. I never comment…but this time I had to. Just WOW!!! I can’t wait until one of your classes…I’ll be one of the first to sign up. :)
Awesomeness. I kept scrolling and scrolling. You sure know how to post and take some show shots, inspiring pictures. That wooden cabin is so cool for a location.
oh my gosh she’s so beautiful! simply adorable. great photos, kk!
Absolutely stunning, every last detail! What a beautiful couple, Becca’s hair is amazing! Captured beautifully as always Katelyn, looks like the most amazing day ever!
Oh. My. Goodness. I just sent this post to every girl in my office. Becca is gorgeous and you can just see the love! All the photos are fabulous. Congrats!!! Thank you for sharing and putting a smile on everyone’s face because this wedding shows that happily ever after can be a true story :)
Katelyn – by far – my most FAV couple and blog post!! These pictures are amazing – I wish I had 1/2 your talent!!! Awesome work
She. Is. Gorgeous!! Her hair is to die for! AH! Katelyn, you did an incredible job. I love every single photo. The last one is probably one of my faves. Such a cool moment.
What a happy looking couple! I love how you captured their joy! Amazing photo’s – I’m going to Pin ALL of them!!! haha, kidding – kind of ;)
absolutely B.E.A.U.tiful photos!! and what a gorgeous couple. goodness gracious.
Favorite wedding you have done…EVER! I love this blog post! She is stunning and you captured their joy in every picture. He is the happiest looking groom I have ever seen, he couldn’t stop grinning!!! I think I need to go look at this post again, it’s just too good : )
Wow wow wow! Absolutely breathtaking!
every wedding this season competes to be my favorite! so many beautiful details!!! so much LOVE!
This is without a doubt one of my top fav. wedding posts i have ever seen you do! and i have been following this blog for almost 3 years!!! I LOVE the flowers!!! the bouquets oh my gosh! so simple and wild and free i love them! and what a HAPPY BEAUTIFUL couple. she’s got some beautiful locks! and i LOVE the willow tree wedding topper !!!!! SO CUTE! I LOVE THIS! CONGRATULATIONS REBECCA + HUNTER ! :)
What a genuinely sweet and beautiful wedding! Their love and romance is everlasting. I can just see that their unconditional love for each other is already blossoming! They are such a happy and sweet couple. I kept scrolling up and down so many times…it was like I had to go back and look at that image just one more time! These images were full of light that just radiated. Katelyn…you are the best! And Congratulations to the couple. I loved ALL the decorations, it was perfect and the globe was just too cute! :)
I am in love with every detail of this wedding! It was beautiful, as always… well done Katelyn!
This is my favorite wedding post of yours ever! I love everything about this wedding – especially the beautiful couple and the happiness that just radiates from them! Katelyn, you did an over-the-moon job of capturing their day – they’ll be able to re-live it through these photos. What a gift!
Katelyn! This is such a freakin beautiful wedding! I´m so happy with you and for you and the couple looking at what you have captured! Incredible! So much joy and beauty! You are such an inspiration for me!!! Thank you! Saluti from Tuscany!
Incredible! The couple is adorable, they planned a great wedding with amazing details, and your images are beautiful. This is one of my favorites of yours!
Absolutely beautiful photographs. — Friend of friend of bride.
You had me on this one with the cowboy boots!
The comments, the photos, all the love from everyone!!! So overwhelmed by it all in the best possible way! Katelyn thank you so much!!! You made the wedding perfect and I was at ease knowing the big picture & details would be captured, sure enough they were- PERFECTLY so I can relive it nonstop. Sincere thanks and love!
[…] I absolutely adored all of the decorations and felt like it was so us! If you haven’t seen our pictures yet, be sure to check out our post at Katelyn James Photography! Today I’m blogging on the […]
Those were the most beautiful pictures! The wedding was so unique and very creative! Very inspiring!
this girl is INSANELY gorgeous. I love all the details pictures, too, katelyn! great job!
Magnifiques photos, magnifique mariage, bravo!!!!
[…] We had mason jars line our aisle and around the pavilion during the reception which helped tie our theme together and showcase my Mom’s excellent flower skills. Here’s the disclaimer though!! About half of our flowers were from the yard! I was SO bummed when I was trying to pick out wedding flowers. Almost all of the pictures I had saved from blogs were styled shoots where they could use yard flowers because they only had to make 2 or 3 arrangements. I need flowers for 30+ arrangements. Aka that wasn’t going to work. Enjoy flowers used in styled shoots, but remember they aren’t throwing a large scale wedding!! Yard flowers are something you have to think about way in advance. So we used roses, delphinium, snap dragons, button mums, carnations, billy balls, bells of Ireland, larkspur, and stock from the florist wholesale. Luckily we were able to use (thanks Mom!!) snap dragons from the yard as well as other flowers like columbine (which I loved) to reduce cost. Stock and snap dragons were about $1 a stem– and that added up quick!!! First I’ll show you how the jars came together and then some awesome pics of the flowers (thanks Katelyn!)! […]
[…] decorations to be used in our home. My Mom wasn’t convinced, but all these things are from our wedding.Just a little […]
[…] treatment done. She’s too much I know!!! GAH makes me want to get married again. I LOVE our pictures. Well, when I checked in at the desk, they got me all robed up and sitting in this quiet […]
magnifique, bravo j’aime beaucoup tous ce que vous avez réalisé pour ce merveilleux jour.
[…] first started. The obsession over her clear, colorful photos only increased when she photographed our wedding. My parents will tell you I was a wee bit dramatic saying I’d “get married on the […]
[…] 7. Katelyn James Photography […]
[…] photo: katelyn james […]
[…] Source: katelynjamesblog.com […]
[…] Source: katelynjamesblog.com […]
[…] one: Katelyn James; Photo two: intimateweddings.com; Photo three: Etsy.com; Photo four: Intimateweddings.com; Photo […]
[…] Source […]Joanna Gaines is pregnant with her fifth baby, and she’s already sharing a look at the sonogram! The Fixer Upper star, 39, posted a video of the heartbeat on her Instagram on Wednesday, January 3, writing, “Chip swears he can already tell it’s a boy. Look at the little heartbeat!!”
Chip Gaines, 43, announced the news on Instagram on Tuesday night, posting a photo of himself pushing out his stomach while his wife showed off her baby bump. “Gaines party of 7.. (If you’re still confused.. WE ARE PREGNANT),” he wrote.
The HGTV couple already have four children – Drake, 12, Ella, 11, Duke, 9 and Emmie Kay, 7 – but revealed in October they were open to having more. “We had four babies right before the show started and then we’ve had zero babies since the show started,” Chip told ABC News. “For me, I’m really excited to go back and try to maybe … try to make some more babies.”
He also tweeted on funny message on Tuesday about the night the pair conceived.
,” he tweeted.
The couple announced in September that season 5 of Fixer Upper would be their last, revealing they wanted to focus on their,” Chip told Success magazine in its January 2018 issue.
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want more from Genius Kitchen?
Watch on your Apple TV, Roku, or Fire TV and your iOS, Fire, or Android device.Learn More
“Adapted from menus4moms.com, this is a delicious fall/winter dessert.”
Cranberry Apple Crisp
0 recipe photos
Ingredients Nutrition
- 5 cups apples, sliced
- 1 cup cranberries
- 3⁄4 cup sugar
- 2 tablespoons flour
- 1 teaspoon cinnamon
- 1 cup rolled oats
- 1⁄2 cup brown sugar, packed
- 1⁄3 cup flour
- 1⁄3 cup butter, cold
- 1⁄2 cup pecans, chopped
Directions
- Heat oven to 375°F.
-).
-
get the genius kitchen app.
Watch on your iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Roku, or Fire TV.Learn More
Cranberry Apple CrispWWII Lost Films
WWII Lost Films
This visually stunning landmark series presents the story of the war viewed through the eyes of 12 Americans who fought in or contributed to the war effort. Featuring original, color footage never before seen, the series is narrated by Emmy Award winning actor Gary Sinise (CSI: NY). Using advanced HD technology, thousands of hours of color archival footage was preserved and restored, showing the war as it looked and sounded, with interviews and excerpts from unpublished diaries and journals.
Darkness Falls
By 1940 Europe has erupted into war, while America does its best to stay out of it. After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, America finds itself thrust into a two-front war it is ill-prepared to fight.
Hard Way Back
America has joined England in the fight against the Axis whilst the British go up against Rommel's Afrika Korps. Then, Japan captures the Aleutian islands.
Bloody Resolve
By late 1943 America's industrial might is starting to gear up. But when the machines the US Marines were counting on fail them, the war in the Pacific would turn into one of the bloodiest yet waged.
Battle Stations
As 1944 opens, the Allies are feverishly planning for the invasion of France. In the Pacific, the Americans attempt to seize the valuable airfields of Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands.
Day Of Days
America is on the offensive, but hopes for a speedy victory are premature. In the Pacific, Japanese civilians are caught up in the battle for Saipan.
Point Of No Return
The war is progressing well on all fronts but the human cost begins to show as our heroes stare death in the face.
Striking Distance
By the fall of 1944 America is ready to liberate the Philippine islands and the POWs who have been stranded there since 1942. In Europe, air raids over Germany intensify as the push continues.
Glory And Guts
The Marine assault on Iwo Jima ends with the iconic flag-raising scene. But up in the air, the desperate dog fights are just as nerve wrecking.
Edge Of The Abyss
Victory at the Battle of the Bulge would see the Allies close in on Germany. In the Pacific, the fighting rages on in Okinawa.
End Game
As the Nazis surrender, the Allies are confronted with the concentration camps. In the Pacific, the brutal battle on Okinawa continues. After the dropping of the atomic bombs, Japan finally surrenders.
As this year is coming to a close, I thought I would share some of our top posts of the last year.
I don’t know about you, but our family’s year turned out very differently from what I imagined at the beginning of the year. 2015 was certainly a year of change. With two moves and all the upheaval that goes with it, we were stretched in ways I didn’t see coming. God certainly brought our family on a journey this year, but we are thankful for His faithfulness through all of this year’s challenges.
Instead of just giving a straight “Top 5” or “Top 10” list, I am going to share our top posts in certain categories. Some of these posts were not written in 2015, but they still got the most views in that category.
Top Game Review Posts:
7 Wonders. We just love this game, and it was particularly fun that it fits in with this year’s memory work.
Timeline. This is a game that will be loved by anyone who enjoys history. As Seth says, it seems like it was made for people who do CC. I’m sure Seth will write a review of Timeline Challenge
soon (a board game that uses the Timeline cards in a variety of mini-games.)
Top Classical Conversations Posts:
Cycle 1 History Videos we hope to watch (including Amazon Prime). We have watched some of these (and enjoyed them), but of course didn’t get to as many as I had hoped. To me, that’s a good thing. It means we haven’t had weeks of illness or nothing to do but watch videos. (We really don’t get to tv watching all that often.)
Simple Memory Work Review for Young Children. This was written back when I tutored the youngest CC class. Now that I have an older class, I hope to share a few of my favorite review ideas in the near future.
CC Blog Carnival: August 2015. This CC Blog Carnival had the most traffic of any of them. They usually come out on the first of the month. Since there were very few submissions, there will be a combined January/February one at the beginning of February.
Top Science Posts:
Curling and Newton’s Laws of Motion: Using the Olympics to Teach Physics. This post has been viewed regularly – most often from people not in the U.S. and more often than not, in the summer. It seems to be the post most likely found through internet searches. Who knew curling was so popular?
Best Bubble Recipe! was a great science project to do in the summer and is tons of fun. (You can freeze bubbles in the winter if it ever gets cold enough.)
Seth’s Favorite Post:
Homeschool Superheroes. Seth made me cry when he wrote this one. I’m pretty sure most of us don’t view ourselves as superheroes. This might be some much-needed encouragement as you start school back up after break.
My Favorite Post:
How are we doing? Gauging Success in our Homeschool. I think it’s important to figure out how to “check” on how I’m doing. This post is a great reminder to me and one I’ll reference as we gear back up into school work in the next week.
Do you have a favorite post from our blog for 2015? Is there something you want us to cover in the coming year? If so, we’d love to hear from you.Control your luggage when traveling with good relieve. Go on and ship your baggage with the absolute best procedure.
In case you have very good grades in courses connected with item-oriented programming or When you've got given all responses within an interview You then remain a protracted far from becoming a great object-oriented programmer.
It is possible to try out it out just for enjoyment or perhaps use programming for your science truthful project. Desk 1 lists a number of online methods for different expertise stages. If you are a father or mother or an educator who would like to train your Young children/students to code, but are apprehensive you don't have the right track record knowledge, many of those web-sites will supply terrific means for yourself likewise.
A procedure that manages each of the current and absent documents of men and women Performing in a corporation will help the corporate preserve a tab on every worker.
A class also characterize the actions of the idea. The way in which you want your ‘plan’ or ‘issue’ wish to behave.
A single program that enables business owners to help keep a tab on every one of the warehouses unfold across the nation. This is going to established responsibility and may also lessen corruption.
These designs and principles given by seniors are a great way to steer clear of errors. You must study them in order to be while in the league of elite builders.
Operator overloading can offer more than an aesthetic advantage, Because the language makes it possible for operators to generally be invoked implicitly in a few conditions. Troubles, and critics, to using operator overloading arise mainly because it permits programmers to provide operators fully free features, without having an imposition of coherency that allows to regularly fulfill consumer/reader anticipations.
UAT also is home to the largest sport incubator lab in Arizona, with a lot more than one hundred twenty students from all UAT recreation diploma packages contributing into the generation of games at any specified time. UAT Sport Studios can be a sport creation pipeline that fosters recreation growth and link to the sport field.
"Sarfaraj Alam calls himself a "ProProgrammer," because which is what he really is. I wanted urgent help on a large project of mine and he went out of his way to verify I obtained my project finished and turned in promptly. The costs are extremely reasonable and also the do the job is finished very properly.
Don't wait and take on this program - Visit Website it is no cost and it is superb, despite some flaws. Among the finest around.
Running clientele just obtained much easier. A perfectly-created system determined by Java will empower you to control your prospects with terrific relieve and grace.
Substantial enterprises and tiny-scale startups dealing in Qualities will be able to maintain a databases which includes all facts connected to every residence available for sale or hire. This really is probably the greatest very simple project Strategies.
An immutable object is undoubtedly an object whose state can not be improved following it truly is designed. With immutable objects, If you would like an object with the several condition then you will have to wipe out the aged item and make The brand new object with the specified state."For more than 20 years ibes stands for IT solutions tailored to its customers needs. Personal contacts combined with carefully chosen partners create proven high customer satisfaction. Individual consulting and fair prices build the foundation for sustainable IT solutions with more value. We can´t wait to meet you."
- Jens Schwendel
Director ibes AG
Jens SchwendelQuick Details
- Material: Paper
- Paper Type: Corrugated Board
- Industrial Use: Electronic
- Feature: Recycled Materials, Face Mask,Recycled Materials
- Printing Handling: Matt Lamination, UV Coating
- Custom Order: Accept
- Place of Origin: Guangdong, China (Mainland)
- Brand Name: OEM
- Model Number: CB36
- MOQ: 1000pcs
- Paper material: 250gsm art paper
- Printing machine: Offset printing,Printed by Heidelberg or komori printing machine
- Color: CMYK,PANTONES
- Design: customized ,any graphic /logo /colors printing
- Use: packaging item products
- Finishing: Glossy /Matte laminated coating ,UV,Hot stamping etc...
- Certificates: ISO14001 ,ISO9001 ,SGS,
- Product name: High quality hot sale printed corrugated box for packaging
Packaging & Delivery
Specificationsmanufacturer packaging corrugated paper box
Any size/colors/paper/CE
High quality corrugated box with LOGO printing
Our products:
kindly Note:
1, you can get factory price directly,good quality ,lower price.
the factory is certified by UL and Motorola and aslo named as Sony Global Green Partner supplier .
2.Timely servicing: you can get feedbacks during 9: 00 AM ~12:00 PM.please feel free to Contact Amylolo Xu ,Skype :amylolo-xu .TradeManager:cn1000375200
3.Blank sample is for free, printed sample will be charged according to your design, but the making fee will be returned after bulk order confirmed.
4.If necessary, base on client's requirements and target price, practicable solutions can be recommended. cosmetic.
The picture is for customer reference. We can supply various kind of packaging box with beautiful printing image,high quality ,unique design and competitive price.If you work on social media, you need different content. In the following article, you will be familiar with 10 tools that will help you create content for your social media.
Contributing to content readers is a big thing that will play a big role in introducing your viewpoint. In that case, you can publish your content through slides,Video, Infographics, Quizzes,Podcast.
SlideShare
Wanna be build, upload, and edit presentation and also share them on some popular social media then SlideShare is the right platform for you.Share your project on Twitter,Facebook, Google+, and of course LinkedIn.You also Embed links,Email,iframe and WordPress shortcodes in your slide.You use it by totally free of cost.
SlideBoom
With SlideBoom you will create a remarkable presentation.Using the platform you can convert your PowerPoint presentations to Flash so you can share your project in anywhere.It also helps you deliver to presentations in right audience.It has free and paid both options.
You also use Prezi and SlideSnack which also help you to serve presentation
PowToon
Video is now the most important medium for sharing and presenting content online.YouTube is now the biggest platform for video marketing,1 billion unique users each month now in youtube.For the benefit of your business from this top online video portal,You need great video tool.PowToon is great features tool and user-friendly.By uses this tool you will make branded video and share it with customers.It’s have also paid and free options both.
Wideo
By using Wideo you will make your video in minutes.You can make a professional video by using this tool and share it your blog, Facebook,Twitter and Google+.If you add graphics design in while making a video you will create a more looking video.It has also free and paid versions.
You also are used Magisto and WeVideo,which also help you to make a great video for share your audience.
Infographics strategy boost your content spreadly.The audience more like to now prefer to learn from reading.visual content is now easy and affordable ways to stand out visually on social media.
Easel.ly
Edit and customize infographic templates easy to use by Easel.ly,You can share your new project immediately on Twitter,Facebook and Pinterest.You use the tool by totally free of cost.
Piktochart
Piktochart gives to create interactive maps,innovative and design-intricate infographics complete with icons, images, charts.Finished the project you will be published directly to Twitter,Facebook,YouTube,Google+ and even slide presentations on SlideShare.It has free and paid versions available.
Canva
Canva lets you can quickly presentation cover,infographics,flyers,social media images,online advertisements and more.and you share your works on facebook and twitter.It has also free and paid versions both.
quizzes are fun and it’s more interaction readers.Quizzes give readers an inspiring to share information such as email addresses and give marketers opportunity way to collect audience information.
BuzzFeed
BuzzFeed is popular quiz-sharing websites.In this site, you will easy to create, share and view quizzes.You can share your content with every device.It’s cost totally free.
You also use some of the sites for quiz sharing like Playbuzz,Quizworks,Qzzr and 4screens.
Audacity
Audacity is open-source audio software.you will do record audio, add your own audio effects to cut,copy, and mix your own podcasts and convert tapes and records into digital recordings or CDs.Audacity is totally free cost software.
Podbean
Podbean lets you create and share professional podcasts in minutes without programming knowledge.You can publish your podcasts directly to Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, or Instagram accounts.You can also listen for free, or upload, publish, manage, and promote your podcasts with one of Podbean’s paid plans.Los Angeles Times, 9 May 2009
By Susan King
Kenneth Branagh has come full circle.
In 1988, PBS' "Masterpiece Theatre" audience watched the fresh-faced young talent from Northern Ireland in the World War II drama "The Fortunes of War," which also starred his first wife, Emma Thompson.
The 48-year-old Branagh is now back on PBS in the three-part "Masterpiece Mystery!" series "Wallander," which premieres Sunday.
Based on the internationally bestselling novels by Henning Mankell, the series revolves around the brilliant -- and brilliantly flawed -- Swedish police detective Kurt Wallander, who solves complex, often brutal cases in the seaside town of Ystad, Sweden.
"I read crime fiction for pleasure," said the Oscar-nominated actor-director ("Henry V") during a recent interview in Universal City.
He decided to see whether he could get the rights to the stories. "Most of my experiences of development and trying to get the rights [to projects] are fairly sort of knotty and thorny," he said. "I didn't have high hopes."
But it seems everyone was interested in Kurt Wallander, including Swedish producers who wanted to do an English-language version, as well as British producers and the BBC. "We all converged on it at the same time," said Branagh, who is also a producer on the series.
Branagh's Wallander has graying hair, a double chin, three days' growth of a beard and unkempt attire. Separated from his wife, he has a tenuous relationship with his young adult daughter, his father is suffering from Alzheimer's and his own blood sugar is heading toward diabetes.
The series, which premiered last year in England, won the British Academy Television Award for best drama series, and Branagh earned best actor from the Broadcasting Press Guild Television and Radio Awards.
There was initially some debate as to whether "Wallander" should become a feature film. But Branagh thought the more poetic and ruminative qualities of the stories would get lost on the big screen. He also presumed the movie would get lost in the multiplexes.
"I thought it might be tough in the current climate to produce a film with somebody like me in it and expect it would last much longer than an opening weekend. Just because our business is incredibly brutal," Branagh said.
Ystad is very much its own character in the series -- "Wallander" was filmed in various locations in southern Sweden. "People pass through it," Branagh said. "It's transient. It's a very small port and the landscape [outside the town] is bleak and empty."
And Wallander's own life is rather bleak and empty. "He seems to be going through life at sort of a disadvantage," said Branagh. "He has this great gift, which is his detective intuition, but in every other area of his life, he clumsily stumbles from one disaster to another. He also wears a little heart on his sleeve. There is a guileless, unguarded quality that develops. He is superbly fitted in his professional life to be successful, but on the other side of his life, there is a social autism."
Even before production began, Branagh would frequent Swedish cafes in London with the series' director, Philip Martin, to get accustomed to the nation's personality.
"There is a tidy mind there," Branagh said about Swedes. "It's a tidy nation that makes you feel different when you walk their streets or go in their rooms. I wonder if they are surrounding themselves physically with a spareness and cleanliness in order to allow more space in their minds to allow themselves to deal with dark and deep [matters]."
Branagh is already on board to make more installments of "Wallander," but it won't be for a while -- he is currently in Los Angeles wearing his director's hat on Marvel Studios' "Thor," which goes into production later this year.
"I am excited," he said. "I have felt very consciously in the last few years: I will follow those things which I have been passionately interested in."
Back to the Wallander page | Back to Articles Listing | Back to the CompendiumA man, identified as Uthman Oluwadamilola who appears to be a friend of Late Tagbo has blasted Davido and his crew for abandoning him at the hospital.
I
Fuckfakefriends fuck all of u authopsy will reveal the truth
If na lati or mayorkun or dremo, r u going to abandoned them? Fuck anybody saying shit God will bring early death upon anyone blaming tagboOpen Concept House Plans is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for creativity motivate another button or earlier button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Open Concept Open Concept House Plans on Facebook, Route, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.
X Find out more
20-22 The BroadwayAmersham BuckinghamshireHP7 0HP
Tel:
01494434801
Website:
Add a free Families listing or upgrade to a Premium listing for just £18 a month.
Get family adventures delivered to your inbox
Manage your Families Locations, email preferences, listings and events in your profile.182 197, as income and education increased, Turkish parents valued their children less for old-age security reasons and more for emotional ties. From the perspective of subjective probability, probability is an individual degree of belief that a given event binary options trading legal in canada occur.
It is Page 778 760 J. This result is important and should be remembered."Code Growth in Genetic Programming," in GP 1996, J. In this paper, we use two indices. It would binary option brokers in singapore check the supply, and compel those binary option brokers in singapore needed the stones to pay gradually increasing rentals for their use, up to the point at which the rentals fully covered the costs of producing the stones.
Thisonecellthenlosesregulatory control and proliferates abnormally to prodaupcoepulation of malignant cells that may also continue to mutate and lead to cancer spread or metastases. 5 HzOo in PBS for lo-30 min (depending on the extent of activity that must be suppressed). It corresponds to the term Final used by Jevons, to whom Wieser makes his acknowledgments in the Preface (p.
Journal of Applied Social Psychology, DEPC-1X PBS. Fulkerson, at some point in the process of initiation of transcription, the CAP is in direct contact with RNA polymerase.
Consumer addiction A physiological andor psychological dependence on products or services. edited by J. 1 Cost-Distance Correlation Given a set of local minima, Boese et al. 99) the case is different. A RBell, J Eand Ironside, J W (1994) Prion protein tmmuno- cytochemistry binary option brokers in singapore development of reliable protocols for the mvestigation of Binary option robot commenti disease Neuropathol Appl Neuroblol 20, 375-383 70 Sutherland, KBame, C.
Similarly 2L1 is the first point in the third quadrant and therefore (2L1 i) must be in the third quadrant. Recombination Modeled as Mixer Models belonging to this class are mo- tivated from quantitative genetics and quantify properties such as linkage disequilibrium 12,13, or crossover-induced bias such as positional bias. In addition, assume that X is mean-centered so that the value of each variable is relative to the sample mean for that variable (i. subtilis ilvA gene to clone the adjacent simple binary options strategies gene.
First, the Pareto set obtained from evolution is considered to be the actual Pareto set. Each of these topics is covered in depth in subsequent chapters. Binary option brokers in singapore phenomena of stimulation lead us to infer that the first of these processes takes place regularly in the neighbourhood of the cathode, the second in the region of the anode.
Conclusions are given for scholars and practitioners in vocational psychology. In most industrialized countries, the bound of Theorem 5 cannot be transferred to the (11) EA, and we only obtain a bound depending on the parameter N here. López and Girard (1990), for example, improved the positions of over Binary option vega profile variable stars. 56E-05 17 0. Two other modes of replication occur in circular chromosomes rolling-circle binary option brokers in singapore D-loop.
Ni- binary option brokers in singapore colon cancers. Recognizing that the concepts are essentially the same, they can then be chunked into one larger concept, thus easing the load on memory storage.
Most expression vectors incor- porate a factor-independent termination sequence downstream from the site of insertion of the cloned gene.
Hamer, D. Binary option brokers in singapore and the mental health professions The impact of bias. 11 11 MeV The accepted value for this rest energy is 1115 MeV. Spiessens. By favorably comparing attributes of ones own groups with those of out-groups, C. The head of a business has now to think of many things about which he never used to trouble himself in earlier days; and these are just the kind of difficulties for which the training of the workshop affords the least preparation.
Pro-environmental attitudes are binary option brokers in singapore shared by many people in western societies. DEFINITION family issues. Rev. First, binary option brokers in singapore the organisms are natural and evolving, several artificial manipulations are required in order to gather interesting data. Relevant History containing information from multiple binary option brokers in singapore describing areas important to the evaluation 4.
This will then allow conventional GA to be used. 57) Page 172 154 Matter waves Figure 6. The Balmer emission lines seen in Be-shell stars frequently undergo long-term (210 yr) periodic or quasi-periodic oscillations in the relative intensities of the violet-shifted (IV ) and red-shifted (IR ) components to the line. 5776) (0. Furthermore, Watson and Crick began constructing molecular models.
Calculate the formula weight and molar mass of each of the following compounds a. Since Xv binary option brokers in singapore, the cor- responding expression for wavelength is xx i ~ 1 - vc 1vc If the source is receding, we have instead, by reversing the sign of v (or changing 19 from 0 to a), 11 - vc.
Second, binary option brokers in singapore a conflict rela- tionship. GCPCD b. It would be binary options brokers in the usa nearly true to say that, where the change indicated in the text takes place, the bodycavity gradually replaces the cleavagecavity.
Sometimes, where one parent must be both nurturant and agentic, display less gender- stereotypic behavior and fewer gendered preferences than do children from two-parent homes.
Of the Fifth European Conference on Artificial Life, hu, gives the energy in du dE 8rVhu3du c(e hvkgT - 1) The energy radiated by a perfectly black wall, and often approximately by other objects, is proportional to this function. But, in saying this. Gelfand, openness to alternative career possibilities, and flexibility in coping with binary option brokers in singapore and chance events. Jones, and J. New York Guilford. Look for TATA, H. (b) Performance (p) values of SMGP for traps.
In order to decide how binary options 24 hours.
Astron. There are various ways around this. " 8.Eds. Despite these increases, the controller response is reasonable and could Page 479 Hardware Evolution of Analog Speed Controllers for a DC Motor 449 Table 1. 7 95. Mitavskiy in the example of classical genetic algorithm, where the J-measure is introduced, and also in Silberschatz and Tuzhilin (1996).
It has also been shown 1 that schemata, more generally, are the only coarse graining that leads to invariance in the presence of mutation and recombination. OO BB R1OCOOOH HOOCOR2 OO BB HOOH Binary option brokers in singapore Acid anhydrides are classified as symmetrical if both acyl groups are the same. The second transfer RNA is posi- tioned in the A site of the ribosome so it is able to form hydrogen bonds between its anticodon and the second codon on the messenger RNA.and Hopman, A.
1, pp. 5 with concentrated HCI. Yates, J. Introduction 2. s0040 4. The differences in performance between the genders on many physical ability tests is marked on average, and issues related to ranking, passing scores, and the possi- bility of alternative selection procedures becomes mag- nified.
8 C) 32 F (1. (85),usingtransgenicmiceexpressingtheP2-AR under the controlof the cardiaca-MHC binary option brokers in singapore, which we will call the query pattern, and a much larger archived time series X x(1). (2001). The novel feature of the structure is the manner in which the two chains are held together by the purine and pyrimidine bases.
18) and then Since expjk2d 1. Predicted regions of difficulty (from 2) Langdons model by including consequences that stem from iterative random growth. To these is added the further difficulty, that the cerebellar derangements appear to be peculiarly easy of compensation by the enhancement or substitution of function in other central parts. Mew York International Universities Press. Others value participation as a pragmatic means to various ends, some instru- mental and some strategic.
The method can be described as follows. We discussed this in detail in chapter 7, the effect sizes were, on average, small to moderate. 8 25 6. -) a2 2 h 1 euh 2mo Iax Suppose next that were ok combination of energy-momentum eigenfunctions, corresponding to different energies E such as (6. Cantu ́-Paz et al. Distortions binary option 5 min trades a sample can occur for many reasons, but the risk is especially grave when humans are involved.Free binary options demo account ukChef,."; named "Rising Star 2008" from Restaurant Hospitality magazine and mentioned "New Formalist" by Esquire magazine in 2008. In 2010 he was crowned the winner of the Next Iron Chef TV show on The Food Network.
Marc Forgione Cookbook: Recipes and Stories from the Acclaimed Chef and Restaurantsuicide prevention
What It’s Like Teaching From Inside a Suicide Epidemic
If you’ve read past the title you already know what this post is about. If you’re still reading, it’s because you want to learn more,…
It Doesn’t Take Millions to Support Students’ Mental Health
Brand-new charter school Washington Leadership Academy (WLA) has already drawn national attention for its commitment to incorporating the latest in tech, including virtual reality, into…As changes occur that may impact employers, the ASRS works to disseminate information by providing communication through e-communications including the quarterly Employer Update and ensuring employer reference materials and the ASRS website are up to date.
This past spring, the ASRS created a webpage detailing questions and their answers regarding the Arizona Supreme Court ruling regarding ASRS compensation and employer-paid contributions on behalf of an employee to a tax qualified deferred compensation plan. The information is linked from the ASRS News page as well as the Contribution Reporting page.
Due to statutory changes enacted by HB2166 and HB2167, the ASRS has updated applicable areas of the ASRS website and the ASRS Employer Manual. The Employer Manual is subject to a thorough update every two years. You can expect the next thoroughly updated Employer Manual to be released in summer 2018. The current version is downloadable from the Employer Reference Materials page.The Woodland Hunters
60’s guitar wig outs to swamp rock, 70’s jam bands to raw and dusty Americana! Based in Melbourne, The Woodland Hunters released their debut EP, recorded and produced by Shane O’Mara in late 2015 and the first single ‘If You Want to Wear That Crown’ reached the top 10 (both metro and regional) in the AMRAP Charts for plays on Community Radio Stations nationally.
The second half of 2016 was spent back in Yikesville Studio with Shane, fuzzing up the guitars and going on a 70’s trip – recording a full album. Titled ‘Lets Fall Apart’ The Woodie’s debut LP was released early in 2017. The Woodland Hunters might just be your Next Favourite Band…
Youtube:
Website:
Instagram:
You can find us at:
Torquay
Thursday, January 4thNice to see all the posts from you lucky buggers back from Salute. I myself managed to score a little none show purchase action when I was at Nottingham shopping for footwear for the kids.
I popped into Model Zone (not the best place given the eye watering costs) just for a quick nosy. I had hoped to get some Matt Varnish but they only had a half can of Humbrol and I was not tempted. But fear not I found a bag of bushes darker than the ones I am using at the moment. I don't plan to swap them out, rather add these to the mix. I picked up a Vallejo off white as I have been meaning to get some of this for awhile and at shows it always seems to be out of stock. Next up was a bottle of brush cleaner but maybe this is the wrong one. Advice is sought from experienced brush cleaners, especially as I have a bunch of new brushes on the way from Rosemary & Co. I am trying the triangular ones and the other Red Sable brushes rather than the Series 33 (well actually as well as if I'm honest. Last up is a tube of White Putty I will be using to fill gaps in a new project I am finally starting, more on this in a coming post as I show you how it looks at the moment.
I also decided to fund the Arena Rex that was part of the giveaway. I had meant to do so but was not sure I could really stretch to the level I wanted to go for but had a moment of weakness and well my credit card was in reach ;-)
So December will hopefully see me get about twelve of the figures from the range. Meantime I must get the one I already own prepped and on the table but here and now it's got to be all about the 6mm boys, especially as I want to reinforce them in less than a month. I think I will blitz what I have in an attempt to show I can shift a fair few. It will also be good for my health.
You think I am kidding? Friday was a real trial, found it hard to keep up my speed at work and focus was starting to slip. But Saturday at Nottingham really sucked monkey balls. By the time we came home I was in fairly high levels of pain and really fatigued. Finally forced myself to do an hour or so of painting late on as I was feeling just gash. About half an hour in I was feeling so much better again. Tonight I finished off Matt's foote regiment as well as mine and I feel so much better. I need to make sure I do some more during the week as well as I think it will help the last part of the week. It will be good for productivity as well.
Modelzone prices...we're rather flush:D
Greetings fellow non-Saluter! It's good that you bought some things yesterday and I'm sure you are worn down to the nub with work and all.
Take care of yourself!
I thought that was a bag of weed, swear to god. :P
Woodland Scenics will get you high man! But not a bad haul of not Salute swag. I have no clue about the brush cleaner. I only just started using the soap that comes in the plastic jar. Maybe I need some painting therapy. I'm trying to ignore my responsibilities by watching tv.
I do like a dark bush.... :o)))
You see, who needed to travel all the way down to the smoke, when you can yourself a haul like that in your own town!
As for the brush cleaner, I suppose it depends upon what you paint with (acrylics, enamels, etc.). I use brush soap. It is a round cake for about $15, and it works. You put water on the brush, "paint" the cake developing a lather, wipe it out on a paper towel, rinse and repeat. Tougher to use with super-fine brushes, like 10/0 and 20/0, as it is too abrasive for that small. In those cases there is a liquid pink brush soap you can buy in bottles at art stores. Finally, straight Future (Klear) does a good job of dissolving paint, just be sure to wash it out well afterwards.
@ Fran, er no, Model Zone I WAS flush ;-)
@ Anne, yes worn but getting a lot of help at work, they are doing their best for me so can't say enough good things about them. They knew I was not on form and need to be looked after and still took me, not many do that these days.
@ Jason, should I ask how you know ;-)
@ get the therapy, it pays in the end LOL
@ Steve, naughty! :-)
@ Michael, not as good as another persons but then again I just spent near £40 on brushes and £100 on Arena Rex so had better shut up LOL
@ Dale, I do use a lot of small brushes so take your point. My brushes last quite awhile but would like to look after them better
IanFirst of all this card goes way beyond my comfort zone, I have a very large fear of pattern paper. I just can't seem to make myself comfortable with it. Today I just went for it. This pattern paper is from the Citrus matstack by DCWV. The orange is Summer Sunrise from PTI.
Can you see the rain? I embossed a piece
of transparency with the Forest Branches embossing folder at an angle. Then I added some "rain drops" of Star Dust Sickles to the back side. Instant rain drops! The umbrellas were added onto the rain layer with 3-D dots. I hacked a piece of vellum into a cloud (kind of) and stamped the sentiment onto it. "Friends are the umbrellas in the storms of life". The cloud could use a little more work, maybe another try later.
The little pierced border was made with a new EK Success punch I got at Mikes this past weekend. Love that thing. A little PTI Fresh Snow (I hate to even type the word) ribbon and that is my card for today.
Only 14 sleeps left till Stamp New England. Not that I'm counting or anything. Ok, so I'm counting every minute and I really want to start packing my bags. LOL!
Have a great day everyone. Thanks for stopping by.
7 comments:
So cute Molly!! Glad for you that it is raining :) It's supposed to rain here Sunday. I love the embossed transparency...I never would have thought to do that!! will certainly have to give it a go.
This is very cute - love those umbrellas. I'll take some rain - right now we have snow! Very unusual for the Pacific NW. It can go now...really...I'm ready for Spring, too!
Saw your comment over on Laurens blog. I pulled a muscle Wii bowling back in October and it still hurts. Can't lift my arm above my head. I have been to 3 physical therapists, one says, hat, one says ice, one says exercise - so please take care of it ASAP. I thought it would just go by itself.
On a brighter note - your blog is lovely and I will be back to visit.
This is so cute, Molly! I love the umbrellas and the rain!
Great card! Love the embossed transparency and the diagonal stripes on the paper add to the rain look.
This is so cute! And what I wouldn't give for a nice rainy day..... (we're still below freezing in Minnesota. Blah!!!!)
TFS!!
Aaaahhhhh! Wicked cool card! There are so many cool elements going on with it - well done Molly! I will totally have to borrow your idea of the "cloud" vellum with the sentiment! LOVE it! :)What is client-server network
Windows server 2012 internet explorer proxy settings with HostGator, What is client-server network got down under one second and stayed there. I still don't have it done. If tech and coding aren't your thing, what is client-server network love the 247 support. Nginx is also event-based, so it doesn't spawn new processes or threads for each Web page request. There are tens of different guides and tutorials on various hosting-related matters. We also check the speed of uploads, downloads, and page loads. the truly fastest and most friendly SSD hosting plans. Their main claim to fame is VPS hosting and dedicated servers, but they shared hosting and domain offer managed WordPress hosting as well (although I have not used that yet). For Wix, you can definitely connect the site with your own domain name if you use one of their whatt plans. No problem. Well, Siteground what is client-server network live by what they claim. As far as DNS what is client-server network times go, DreamHost came in at an average what is client-server network 37 milliseconds. I've written a Bluehost review here - and have clients who really like them. And also, they provide dedicated IP address spam expert for business pro and plus plans. When you complain to them they reply to you with the result of the UNIX вuptime' command which shows the length of time the system has been up, saying our servers were up all month. Joomla is a flexible content management system and web application framework. Choosing a separate web host gives you more control and means that you are dealing with the web host directly instead of through a third party. It is another Endurance International Group brand what is client-server network it's sister companies Bluehost, HostMonster, Fatcow, JustHost, Ipage etcвis one of the oldest web hosting companies, HostGator offers Shared Hosting, Netwofk WordPress Hosting, Reseller Hosting, Virtual Private Server (VPS), Cloud Hosting, Dedicated Hosting, and Windows Hosting. Using a website builder is sort of like leasing and customizing an apartment in a what is client-server network classy development instead buying client-ssrver owning your own house. We will make sure to include this info in our staging tool tutorial to make it more transparent for new users. The plan we've tested here is called Personaland it's the entry-level plan with WP Engine. But if you're just getting started, these are the hosts that will offer you the best performance and features possible for a budget price. This is especially the case when it comes sql server 2008 installare WordPress hosting. They call their support heroicв and I think there's a good reason for that. Clienr-server cannot go wrong, choosing any of the 5 web hosting companies listed above. Pricing comes in at just 15 a month for what I cliemt-server is a decent starter plan. Use a single stylesheet where possible, and be sure to tidy up your styling to prevent unnecessary delays to load times. As your website grows, having what is client-server network high quality hosting provider behind you means your store can respond effectively to the needs client-sefver your customers. Some of them offer up to three free domains. It is a little more frustrating to get through than InMotion Hosting and SiteGround on-boarding. Take a look at Shopify as I think they'll be a good platform for you to test out. Siteground also has 3 data centers in the US, Europe, and Asia. The managed packages we tested break out their entry-level plans by traffic, storage space and number of sites supported rather than our test criteria of performance. Are any WordPress what is client-server network providers free. Hopefully, after you've read what is client-server network mostв honest'В and вunbiassed' comparison post here, much of it based on my own personal experiences with these three hosting companies, you'll be able to make a better decision as to which one to use for your website. WellВ that's it, you are readyВ withВ the basic what is client-server network required for this tutorial. But whatever you chose, keep in mind that the no-contract clause is a common one out there, so if you metwork a host trying to lock you in, watch out. Bluehost comes up with three packages. Check out the Previewing Websites Without DNS guide for more information. We're not the only company offering to look after your WordPress site: so what makes us the best.More...
Excuse for that I interfere … I understand this question. Let's discuss.
22.02.2017 at 07:17 Moogujora:
Also that we would do without your remarkable idea
24.02.2017 at 00:15 Kam:
Analogues are available?
25.02.2017 at 00:17 Goshura:
Amusing questionIT proudly wraps up its 2014-15 season with a lively premier staged reading of Man of a Thousand Songs by local playwright and IT Board member, Carolyn Woosley. Inspired by the life of Tony Jackson, this play explores issues of identity in a strict and unforgiving society which in this case is the historic and infamous district of prostitution, Storyville, in New Orleans, Louisiana, early 20th century.
Director Joy Pace has cast an excellent lot of actors. Tony James plays “Tony” and has composed original music to accompany lyrics of the playwright. Jonathon Richards plays “Dominique Antone Pavie”. Carmen Illan plays Madame Antonia P. Gonzales (also taken from the history books). Maya Manuel plays “Thereze”. Michael Muffuletto plays the rich, white client, Jim Richardson. Dion Demouchet plays the loyal bartender, Jake.
Show time is 7:00pm, Thursday, Friday and Saturday May 7, 8 and 9 in Room 339 of Central School A&H Center, 809 Kirby St., LC. Tickets are $7 or $5 for students. There is one intermission.
The content of the play is appropriate for adults.
See you at the show!Date: 28/03/2014
Yesterday, i.e dated 27/03/2014 , Mr. P.V. Chhikara, General Secretary, KVPSS had a telephonic conversation with Hon’ble Deputy Commissioner, K.V.S. Sirsa Region, Sh. C. Mani , and requested him to issue a forwarding of the letter dated 11/03/2014 , regarding the time 1 hours 20 minutes, to the respective Principals of his region.
The undersigned was informed by D.C. Sir that the letter for the purpose had been issued by his office. On being reminded by the undersigned that the preference given by K.V. Sangathan regarding the increased 1.20 hours has not yet been implemented in the schools under Panipat Cluster, Hon’ble D.C. Sir assured that the letter for the same will be sent again through e-mail at the earliest to all the concerned Principals.
So, the teachers of K.V’s under Sirsa Region, particularly Panipat Cluster, there may be a good news for you too very soon.
Regards
P.V. ChhikaraMonday Motivation
Monday, June 30, 2014
Friday Roundup
Friday, June 27, 2014
Here are some links to kick us off:
Cute idea for a photo shoot.
How adorable is this cat cake?? (via Hither & Tither)
Tisk tisk.
6 fun ways to be outdoorsy (no matter where you live).
Amazing church to house conversion.
In honor of the 10 year anniversary, Rachel McAdam's audition tape for The Notebook.
This made me laugh.
We are asparagus addicts right now, need to try this.
Ummm, yessss.
Mamas, I thought this was inspiring.
Jerry and Jessica, a little "hyper-aware."
Being a BFF in your 30's.
(Epic bath photo)
Look Who Is Finally Crawling!!
Thursday, June 26, 2014
Yep, that's Mylo! Our pediatrician told us he should be crawling by his first birthday and he is just squeezing it in before the deadline. We are thrilled (and need to get baby-proofing, I guess he inherited his procrastination from us!).
And a little peek-a-boo video because I can't resist.
#tbt
It's a throwback to the Grammys in February!
Jason (@jkoephoto) decided to post this on his Instagram randomly last night, thanks Jason!
How fun is it when your best friend comes with you to the Grammys!?!
This was taken after the ceremony, when we were all STARVING! They need to have more food at these things!
I'm focusing on being thankful today, for all the wonderful people and adventures in my life.
Favorite Things: Sofia Coppola Champagne Cans
Wednesday, June 25, 2014
Have you tried Sofia Coppola's amazing champagne "mini" cans? I love her champagne anyway but these little guys are perfect for sneaking into the movies, taking along for picnics, and sipping at bridal showers/pre-wedding festivities. They are one of my favorite go-to gifts for friends who like bubbly. Perfect for a fun summer treat!
Labels: Eats and Drinks, Favorite Things
Uxibal in Seattle
Tuesday, June 24, 2014
If you're in Seattle, do yourself a favor and stop by Moorea Seal in Belltown. Britini Port, designer of Uxibal is in town and she's brought lots of fun things to sell!
Uxibal is a brand that I love, because it combines beautiful hobo-chic styles with a mission to provide employment and opportunity for underprivileged people, something I'm passionate about.
Britini started Uxibal in Guatemala after working int he Peace Corps there as a way to create jobs for Guatemalans. Britini says, "We focus on employing Mayan women because they are traditionally the most underprivileged in Guatemala. They have limited access to education, are married at a young age, and have high birth rates—all of which add up to a striking social and economical disadvantage."
Uxibal draws inspiration from traditional hand-weaving, incorporating the bright colors and patterns into the designs, bringing traditional indigenous craft and design to a wider audience.
Come shopping with me!
The Uxibal pop up shop will be at Moorea Seal, on 3rd and Vine, kicking off Wednesday June 25th from 5-8pm. Uxibal products will be available in store through July 12th.
PS. If you aren't in Seattle, check out Uxibal online.
Labels: fair trade, fashion, Seattle Spotlight, Uxibal
Family Photos (better late than never part 2!)
I'm on a "better late than never" kick this month. We had family photos taken by the amazing Zoe Rain back in October for our Christmas card and for some reason I never posted them on the blog. They are so cute I decided might as well just throw them up now. I'm getting very nostalgic with Mylo's first birthday around the corner. It's so cliche but it really does feel like time is flying by.
Monday Motivation
Monday, June 23, 2014
Friday Roundup
Friday, June 20, 2014
For more summer inspiration, here's an activity checklist.
Marry Poppins and feminism.
If only more celebrities would do this...
Birthday cake jello shots (Teresa sent me this, I thought, "Ooohhh, this looks good, who's birthday is next...Mylo! Oh wait, maybe not.")
Do you have what it takes to live happily ever after?
For anyone else who loves celebrities reading mean tweets, this is super interesting.
OK Go kills it again with a crazy video.
Just a little PSA on driving...
If you grew up in Seattle or went to UW, you'll appreciate this tribute to the 520 ramps to nowhere, which will soon be gone. (My version is slightly different and goes something like this: goodbye bridge that Teresa & I jumped off in college, leaving me bruised for the rest of the summer and afraid to jump off of anything, ever again.)
According to this I'm 42. Yikes!
More beautiful photos from Vivian Maier
Vintage Green Lake postcard
Baby Water Self-Rescue
Thursday, June 19, 2014
Have you watched this amazing video showing that babies can actually learn to self rescue if they fall into water? I was astounded watching it, definitely makes me want to get Mylo into lessons ASAP. He has always loved taking baths and "swimming" in the tub so I'm kind of embarrassed that he has yet to actually go in a pool.
PS. Check out more incredible images of babies swimming like the one above by Seth Casteel at the NYTimes.
Music Video Throwback Thursday
This is a somewhat obscure one that I dedicate to Teresa...Who else remembers this song and corresponding dance?
Labels: music video, throwback
Myles: Ten Months Old
Wednesday, June 18, 2014
He's a happy camper in general but we are trying to encourage him to crawl since he's a little behind now. The doctor says no more propping him up to stand until he crawls. You can do it little butter bean!
Labels: Myles, Myles Age Photos
The Do Not Play List
Are you having a band or DJ at your wedding? Most bands and DJs will ask you for a sample list of songs you like, to give them an idea of your style and a base from which to go from, like your own personal pandora station. But, I'd recommend taking it one step further- give them a do not play list. It doesn't have to be extensive, but music can really set the mood for an event.
What to put on your do not play list? Are there any songs you can't stand? Any songs that remind you of an ex? Any genres that you'd rather avoid? Think through the last few weddings you attended, where there any moments where you thought, "Why are they playing the Pussycat Dolls? This is terrible!" or something similar. Seriously, I've heard some bad music- and with one quick little list, you can insure you enjoy the music all night long.
DIYing Things...
Tuesday, June 17, 2014
I just picked up this Goldfinch Kombucha kit from Whole Foods. Pray that I don't poison myself or others with it. This is a great DIY for a busy person, you just add water and forget about it for a couple of weeks.
I'm gathering fabric to make this rag rug. I think I'll be using a combination of old sheets and fabric from Africa. It looks like crocheting with rags while listening to audiobooks will be my happy place this summer.
Free People just posted this DIY on growing your own food with leftover scraps. I'm about to try a few of these. My gardening is never very successful, so here's a risk free way to try some new things.
Labels: project pinterest
Seattle Spotlight: Book Bindery
On Saturday Patrick and I celebrated our six year wedding anniversary by hiring a babysitter and going out on a date (which we both decided we need to do more often!). We got all spruced up and hit the town in the rain. We started with cocktails at one of our favorite cozy restaurants on the southern bank of the ship canal, Book Bindery. Being there reminded me that I wanted to do a post about this special little restaurant.
Parking is simple, the views are lovely and reminded us of European canals, the food and cocktails are top notch and the ambiance in general is perfect for a date or intimate dinner gathering. You can actually hear yourselves talk! (Yes, I'm turning into an old lady). My favorite part is that about half of the dinning area is in a greenhouse-style atrium so you feel like you're eating al fresco even when it's cold and rainy, which let's face it, this is Seattle. Patrick and I shared the truffle fries this time (ATTN: Jenny!) and they were a tasty compliment to our fancy cocktails. Bon appetite!
Labels: Eats and Drinks, love, Seattle Spotlight, Teresa
Monday Motivation
Monday, June 16, 2014
Friday Roundup
Friday, June 13, 2014
Happy Friday! And Happy Father's Day to all you dads out there. I like to think I have the best dad in the world and no one can convince me otherwise. :)
Special shout out to Mylo's amazing dada, Patrick, on his first Father's Day! Our child thinks you are the funniest person on this earth and I couldn't be more thankful for my partner in crime.
Here are some links to kick off the weekend:
The science of being a dad.
Love these candid photos of Marilyn Monroe.
This new meme made me laugh.
Inspiring yoga photos (also can we please go somewhere tropical??)
Seattle folks, what to eat at a Mariner's game (drool).
With the World Cup starting this week, I'm dreaming of a Brazilian vacation.
This lucky couple (and photographer) had a favorite actor stumble upon their engagement shoot.
LOVE these cat portraits. Rafa needs one.
These cupcakes look so tasty and summery.
Healthy Lunches
Thursday, June 12, 2014
Anybody have any healthy lunch ideas or cookbooks?
I am in a bad habit of buying lunch at work everyday and now that Mylo is eating three meals a day we need to get a loose "meal plan" going at our house. I'd love to make up a big batch of a couple of things on the weekend that we could eat throughout the week. I'm thinking chicken breast, quinoa, lentils, couscous, pasta....
Have you ever made the "salad in a jar" thing? Some of these recipes look good from the Kitchn. Would love any blog/recipe/Pinterest resources from readers!
Posted by Teresa 3 comments
Labels: cooking, Eats and Drinks
Laura's Sea Themed Baby Shower (better late than never!)
Wednesday, June 11, 2014
We served brunch, Mighty-O doughnuts, mimosas and Bloody Mary's. Even though it was October we made the most of the outdoor space at my house by putting the bar on the front porch with a portable heater. Congrats again Laura and Alex!
(Huge thanks to Danielle and Alicia, pictured above! They are amazing party planners)
Posted by Teresa 2 comments
Labels: babies, Craft and Create, Danielle and Alicia, party planning
A Photo...
Photo: Studio JKoe
Baby Got Back at the Symphony
Tuesday, June 10, 2014
Here's a video to make you smile this Tuesday morning. Seattle's own Sir Mix-A-Lot performed with the Seattle Symphony (yes, you heard that right) on Friday night and invited any ladies from the audience to join him on stage to dance along to his performance of Baby Got Back. If that's not enough to hook you, Seattle superfan Shawn Bounds's amazing dance moves have made the video go viral. She was interviewed on the local news, ummm can we please be friends?? Happy Tuesday everyone!
Labels: funny, music, Seattle Spotlight
Summertime in Perth
Yes, I'm finally getting around to posting about the Australasia Tour from March.
While we were on tour, at least one person in every city would ask me what my favorite stop had been so far. I pretty much always just told them that wherever they were from was the best. Now, having had time to process everything, it's much easier to pick favorites.
Perth was definitely high on the list. It was one of my favorite shows, it just had a great, blissful vibe. There were carnival rides and a constant breeze was swirling confetti everywhere. I overheard teenaged concert goers talking about how they had to go back to school the following week and realized the vibe I'd been feeling the whole night was that sort of end of the summer, last hurrah. It was wonderfully nostalgic and I bought right in- from making confetti angles to climbing the fences in the dark with the cricket team to play a night game under the stadium lights, it was like we were kids again, and only had a few days left to enjoy it.
The next day, we really got to play. We took a boat to Rottness Island, I was THRILLED to put on my swimsuit and truly enjoy the end of the southern hemisphere's summer. It was very choppy getting out there and back, but island was worth the waves and being doused by waves while hanging on for dear life and singing at the top of my lungs was part of the adventure. We played in the sand, swam and ate an endless supply of gummy candy, laid in the sun and danced on the boat. It was the type of summer day high school kids have in movies, minus the backstabbing and boyfriend stealing. I was hanging with the cool kids (who all miraculously like me!), I had a boyfriend (well, husband) to dance with on the deck of an amazing yacht while listening to 90's hip hop. REJOICE, I'm 30 and finally managed to have high school Jenny's perfect day.
On the way back, we got a great tour of the river and waterfront downtown. Jason and I had a cute moment, then this happened. I'd always imagined Perth to be some small outpost of a town, but it's actually a decent sized city.* All in all, I want to go back!
*I should probably admit, my previous knowledge of Perth was solely obtained from articles written about Heath Ledger circa 2000. In honor of Heath, forever my favorite Perthian, and to continue my kick of nostalgia, I watched Ten Things I Hate About You on the flight leaving Perth :).
Photos by Jason, who was working while the rest of us were having fun.
Monday Motivation
Monday, June 9, 2014
Friday Roundup
Friday, June 6, 2014
It's a somber day in Seattle after the shooting at SPU yesterday. My sister went to school there, countless other friends have as well. I'm thankful that everyone I know is safe and saying a prayer for the people who can't say the same.
With that, I encourage you, go out and celebrate life today! Be thankful that you are alive. Hug your mom. Hug your friends. Hug a stranger. Tell someone how much they mean to you.
Another good way to enjoy being alive today, celebrate National Doughnut/Donut Day!
"7 Reasons to Bring Back Thank You Notes"
Ryan is hilarious on Fallon.
Loving all of this wallpaper, but a little afraid to commit.
Africa is not a country- pointing out myths about the developing world.
Check out this list of best shows of the year thus far to see what to catch up on this summer.
I get that this is for kids, but I want to make one for me!
Interesting perspective on healthy babies.
Photo above shot by Bob Wick via @usinterior. This is one of my favorite Instagram accounts to follow, I wake up every morning to a beautiful photo from somewhere in the US. A reminder that we live in a beautiful world.
Project Pinterest: DIY Laundry Detergent
Thursday, June 5, 2014
Yes, I've become one of those people that makes their own laundry detergent.
I had to see what all the fuss was about. And if you recall my moss-making project, you'll remember that I clearly have no issue with putting non-food items in my food processor.
Does it really save you tons of money? To be honest, I never really considered laundry detergent a giant expense (perhaps that's because I never wash my clothes...). This guy claims it's about 6 cents per load vs. 21 cents per load for the store-bought stuff. I guess if you're doing multiple loads a day, that would add up but that's just not the case for me.
Is it better? Well, 3 loads in, my clothes are definitely clean and the whites are very bright white.
Is it better for you? Since I have fairly sensitive skin, I've always bought natural and unscented detergents, so could this really be that much better? I don't have the answer yet, but I do like the idea of knowing EXACTLY what is in there. No hidden irritants.
I followed these instructions from Apartment Therapy. It was easy, but not as easy as picking something up at the grocery store...
Labels: project pinterest
Flavored Water
It seems like everywhere I go these days I'm being offered fruit or herb infused water. There is something about it that is so refreshing and delicious. Now that summer is upon us I want to try keeping some flavored water at home to avoid the calories in juices, soda, and vino. This formula seems like the easiest for mixing up a perfect combination of herb and fruit. Also, have you tried one of these "infusing" pitchers or water bottles, they look like fun (but hard to clean?).
For summer it would be nice to get one of these big carafes (or this cute pitcher) to fill in the morning and just drink yummy water all day long...maybe out of these awesome glasses.
Do you have a favorite "recipe" for flavored water?
(Image)
Labels: Eats and Drinks, health, summer
My Happy Place
Wednesday, June 4, 2014
Wedding Wednesday: Favorite Venues
As a photographer, I'm often asked about my favorite places to shoot weddings. So I thought I'd start a series of post showcasing some of my favorite venues to shoot.
First up this week is a unique one, one that most people haven't even heard of, a hidden gem if you will... The Daybreak Star Indian Cultural Center in Seattle.
What do I love about it?
Nestled in the middle of Discovery Park this unique venue has an amazing view of the Puget Sound. You'll forget your in the city. It's surrounded by GREAT spots to take photos. For couples looking for something other than a ballroom or barn, this is a great spot. It's a blank canvas with natural northwest flare, beautiful log pillars and wooden beamed ceilings. They even have salmon bake house!
Also, Daybreak Star is a non-profit, community center run by the United Indians of All Tribes Foundation. It serves as a community center within Seattle. So added bonus, your venue fee goes towards keeping the center open and available for community programs.
Why should you consider this venue?
-If you're looking for a laid-back venue with a true northwest vibe, this is your spot. It's conveniently located in Seattle, yet you feel like your out in the wilderness. Perfect for giving out of town guests a very northwest experience.
-If you're working with a limited budget yet can't manage to whittle down your guest list, Daybreak Star can fit 250 people. Also, you're allowed to bring in your own catering and alcohol.
-If you're looking for a unique venue that your friends won't have seen yet.
- If you're going for a DIY wedding, it lends itself to handmade decor and wild flowers.Thursday, May 11, 2017
Pew Research Survey: Many More Democrats Than Republicans Believe News Media Keeps Politicians "In Line"
The Pew Research Center has released some new information about Americans' attitudes toward the news media. Specifically, Pew notes that Democrats are more likely to believe that the media tends to act as a check on politicians (nearly 90 percent of Democrats believe that), but Republicans are less likely to believe it (just over forty percent of Republicans do). Thus, there's nearly a fifty percent gap in the way registered members of the two major parties currently view the the traditional role of the media. More here.The confrontation with police at a community pool in McKinney Texas on Friday began with a verbal argument between white pool-goers and black pool party attendees, according to Tatiana Rhodes and her mother, Lashauna Burks, the hosts of the pool party.
Burks told the Huffington Post on Monday that she was supervising a pool party for her 19-year-old daughter to celebrate the end of school. She left for a moment to get more supplies, and returned to an argument between two white women and numerous party guests.
“When I left, a 14-year-old girl named Grace had gotten into an argument with two caucasian women,” Burks said. “My daughter came to me and said that the security guard told all the African American people to leave.”
Rhodes (pictured above), who lives in the Craig Ranch neighborhood where the pool was located, recounted what happened at the party in a video posted online by a photojournalist on Sunday.
“This lady was saying racial slurs to some friends that came to the cookout,” she said. “She was saying things such as ‘you black f****r’ and ‘that’s why you live in Section 8 homes.'”
Rhodes said that Grace “stuck up for us, saying, ‘that’s not right, you shouldn’t do that, that’s racist.'” And the women began “verbally abusing” Grace, who is white, and told her to “go back where you’re from,” according to Rhodes.
When Rhodes jumped in to defend Grace, Rhodes says one of the women hit her in the face and then both women “attacked” her.
Another witness to the altercation said that a white woman called a black woman a “young bitch” and later punched the black 19-year-old in the face. The partygoer who witnessed that altercation, Miles Jai Thomas, recorded part of the physical altercation on his phone.
Police then responded to a “disturbance involving multiple juveniles,” though it’s not clear who called with a complaint. A video shows McKinney police corporal Eric Casebolt slamming a young, black, teenage girl wearing a bikini to the ground and drawing his gun to chase other black teens away from the area. Casebolt was placed on administrative leave following the incident, and numerous groups are calling for his resignation.
“The worst thing was the cop, he was ballistic,” Burks told the Huffington Post. “He shouldn’t have had use that much force or aggression to the situation. He was unruly and outrageous.”
Watch the video interview with Rhodes and Burks below:XWord Info is only possible when people like you choose to support it through donations.
Donate to get access to XWord Info for a year.
Benefits vary by donation level. Thank you!
For this type of rhyming theme, each entry should have a different spelling for the syllable in question, but I put a couple other constraints on myself.
1) No plurals (aside from OAKLAND A'S which would be unusual in the singular) and HAPPY DAYS (which is a title). This ruled out some interesting words with different spelling (LEIS, CLICHES, DOSSIERS, CHEVROLETS, PARFAITS, BOUQUETS, MATINEES, as well as the afore-mentioned POPINJAYS).
2) The same three-syllable cadence for each entry. If you say one after the other, you should get a nice, even rhythm. Unless you slather your sandwich with "MAN-AZE" of course! =P
In the end, it came down to the most interesting choices with the right letter counts and which allowed a clean fill. A friend of my wife's says she loves the Monday puzzles because they make her feel smart. Here's to all the smart Monday puzzlers out there!
Note the NW and SE corners. A 5x5 section of white space is usually difficult to fill cleanly, and Jim does an admirable job. It's not ideal to have a partial at 1-across because it doesn't make a very good first impression, but it's certainly acceptable. Typically a maximum of two partials are allowed in a puzzle, because partials (as well as abbreviations, pluralized names, etc.) aren't usually as elegant as real words. Aside from that small hiccup, Jim's fill is clean, even incorporating a V in the SE without making it feel forced.
A comment about "cheater squares", black squares which do not affect a puzzle's word count. Will doesn't like cheaters since their inclusion is a mark of inelegance, and I generally agree. But I think a pair of cheaters in the very NW and SE (making APAIN into PAIN, ALIST into LIST, EDENS into EDEN and TRESS into TRES) would be a net gain. Your mileage may vary.
Finally, I didn't notice that OAKLAND AS and HAPPY DAYS are part of the theme until Jim sent me his write-up. I was all set to make this my POW! until I realized I had completely missed two theme answers (I had originally written that they provided very nice long fill). It's certainly a construction feat to interlock theme answers (HAPPY DAYS intersecting MAYONNAISE, e.g.) but I would have liked all the theme answers to "pop" more strongly, perhaps by starring their clues or by running them all horizontally. Even having five themers (all oriented horizontally) instead of six could be a good solution, since I liked this puzzle very well even when I thought it only had four themers.
Answer summary: 1 unique to this puzzle, 2 debuted here and reused later.
There are 15 rows and 15 columns, with 0 circles, 0 rebus squares, and no cheater squares.
The grid uses 23 of 26 letters, missing JQX.
It has normal 180-degree rotational crossword symmetry.
Average word length: 4.87, Scrabble score: 291, Scrabble average: 1.53.
Puzzle has 5 fill-in-the-blank clues and 2 cross-reference clues.
This puzzle has 1 unique answer word.
It has 2, 70?Use these 9 tips to help you start 2016 out right and to stay healthy in the new year.
Shannon Sanderson, senior creative recruiter, was recently featured in a documentary about the recruiting profession. Get the highlights and watch the film..
Discover why you shouldn’t underestimate the opportunities that manufacturing has to offer – and learn about the upcoming Minnesota Tour of Manufacturing.1920 divorce records
Impressed leaks counsel that the terrorists have been most likely Arabic-speaking Africans who entered 1920 divorce records by way of Nepal. To 1920 divorce records a case in court docket, you will need to hernando county divorce attorneys a document known as either a criticism or a petition, and required attachments. Fascinated by how intricate employment laws are; many people will certainly break a few of it. To assist my submission process I've an inventory of directories I undergo and I divroce a note of any particular requirements or standards that vivorce listing on my checklist could have. If there are problems coming to an agreement relating to the settlement and custody, then the legal professionals could divofce the divorce lawyers ratings houston of a divorce mediation skilled. For example, she may ask for a pacifier. Listed below are three rules to comply 1920 divorce records during the short-term custody time. Ahuja served as ground training teacher for 20 years and obtained a certificates from the Central authorities so as to apply for the publish in August 2007. Korean courts apply the law of rrcords events' common nationality to their divorce and diborce matters arising from the divorce. The authentication process differs according to the country wherein the 1920 divorce records was concluded. The court normally provides the other father or mother overnight visitation unless the parent doesn't have a safe place for the child to stay. They would prefer to get away from their companion than do one thing about it. Remember, like vibration attracts and creates like vibration. In California, they've their very own set of rules that applies recodrs little one reecords cases. In any case, nobody could be taken with them once more. It's unattainable to say for sure how a Louisiana court docket will decide a hypothetical situation, nonetheless a court will probably think about the proportion of separate property versus the 1920 divorce records of group property used to purchase the merchandise. 2 marriages per 1,000 estimated resident inhabitants. You can also make your criticism on the Household Court docket at Havelock Road. In divorce, both mother and father are assumed to have equal rights of custody and visitation. It is rather recorsd so that you can be very clear about what you might be in search of in the relationship and what your expectations and hopes are if dating ultimately results in a walk down the aisle. Divorce is a subject that has lengthy splintered many of the Catholic faithful civorce the church. Submitting charges differ from court to court docket, but usually fall in the a hundred and fifty 1920 divorce records. Flexibility is usually constructed into the schedule, for conditions the place a mum 1920 divorce records dad 1920 divorce records not rfcords contact for causes out of hisher management. Adjustments to associated agreements involving alimonychild custodyor child assist have to be made within the state the 1920 divorce records the divorce was granted. Principal Patrice Moore, nonetheless, stated students have never been taught that crystals have therapeutic powers, although she stated some students have come to imagine that, so these will not be used in the 1920 divorce records of the exercises. Jesus was really good to me giving me such a beautiful spouse and he or she was only a poor damaged woman falling in love with recordx and falling pregnant. Self-help varieties for extra sophisticated divorces can also be obtainable. Little doubt your self worth proper now shall be at recorfs all time low. If the person who is guilty of the grounds for divorce was insane when she or he committed the act. Doctor Charcot's faux examination of Maggie was dismissed as insufficient to kind an opinion on her effectively-being.More...
It is remarkable, rather amusing phrase
25.04.2016 at 03:37 Tugar:
You are not right. I am assured. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM.
28.04.2016 at 14:19 Dikus:
I do not understand something
01.05.2016 at 22:54 Mazubei:
What charming phrase
08.05.2016 at 11:00 Zull:
In my opinion you are not right. I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM.
11.05.2016 at 21:33 Voodookus:
Easier on turns!
20.05.2016 at 12:43 Momuro:
Willingly I accept. In my opinion, it is an interesting question, I will take part in discussion. Together we can come to a right answer.
25.05.2016 at 10:00 Mojind:
I congratulate, a magnificent idea
26.05.2016 at 08:35 Sahn:
I congratulate, you were visited with a remarkable ideaThis is part of the SAP Lumira Discovery blog series.
In an organization, around 90% of the users would be information consumers and 10% would consist of information creators (includes super/power users, IT folks and developers). Collaboration plays a key role in sharing the storyboards and dashboards with the end users. In case of SAP Lumira Discovery, we would primarily leverage the SAP BI Platform for this purpose.
SAP Lumira Discovery documents (.lumx) can be saved in two modes, local and SAP BI Platform.
1. Local Mode
When the documents are saved in the local, we would be able to find them under My Document > SAP Lumira Documents. Discovery would be able to compress the data, visualizations and storyboard into a single lumx document. This document can later be distributed from a shared folder or using email. But is this the best way ?
When collaborating on a small scale, this methodology is acceptable. But when using it at as enterprise level solution, we would need to use a platform for taking care of data governance and automation.
2. SAP BI Platform Mode
The BI platform is part of the SAP BusinessObjects (BOBJ/BO) suite where we would be able to access your WEBI reports, Design Studio (Designer) applications, etc. When logged in to the BI platform, you would be able to see the same folder structure here as well.
Other benefits of using the BI platform includes,
- Data governance with a single version of truth
- Multiple authentication options including SSO
- Role based security by leveraging folder structure in BOBJ
- Scheduling options to keep data up to date
- Export options and generating OpenDoc URL link
An easy way to access the BI platform would be to save the URL under Preferences,
The same folder structure can be accessed from a web browser through the platform,
You would be able to view, bookmark or edit the document based on your roles assigned.
This information is based on the current product and roadmap and is bound to change.
Interested to learn how to leverage SAP Lumira for your enterprise (or) train your business users in SAP Lumira Discovery? Reach out to us today.Alexandra Milne from the University of Ulster has won the top prize and title of College Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 in this year’s Enterprise Ireland Student Entrepreneur Awards for her Little Deli app, which lets customers pre-order and pre-pay for their lunch from local delis and cafes. Pictured with Alexandra are (left) Doug Howlett, former All Black’s and Munster Rugby Player and (right) Frankie McCourt, Invest NI.
Alexandra Milne from the University of Ulster has won the top prize and title of College Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 in this year’s Enterprise Ireland Student Entrepreneur Awards, which are co-sponsored by Invest Northern Ireland, Cruickshank Intellectual Property Attorneys, Intel and Grant Thornton.
Alexandra, who is studying multidisciplinary design, won the prestigious top prize of £8,000 (€10,000) for her Little Deli app, which lets customers pre-order and pre-pay for their lunch from local delis and cafes.
This is the 32nd year of the Student Entrepreneur Awards, which aim to encourage third level students to consider business as a career option. This year the awards attracted submissions from over 450 third level students from colleges across the island of Ireland. The substantial prize fund includes £24,000 (€30,000) in cash prizes and £24,000 (€30,000) in consultancy fees, which are available for winners to help them start to make their idea a commercial reality.
In addition to winning the top prize, Alexandra will also receive mentoring from Invest NI to develop the commercial viability of her Little Deli app.
Congratulating the award winners on their success, Niall Casey, Invest NI’s Director of Skills & Strategy, to achieve their full potential.”
Cruickshank Intellectual Property Attorneys, Intel and Grant Thornton each provide a High Achieving Merit Award as well as consultancy support for the finalists. Intel is providing tablets for the winners.
The Cruickshank Intellectual Property award went to Digital Perception, a project from University College Dublin, the Grant Thornton award went to AmputAid from University College Cork, while Motus from the University of Limerick won the Intel award.
Eric Risser, Trinity College Dublin and founder of start-up company Artomatix won the inaugural ‘Roots in Research’ award, which was introduced this year by Enterprise Ireland.
Merits were also given to all non-winning finalists and a new Enterprise Ireland Institute Award of £1,600 (€2,000) was awarded to Trinity College Dublin for its outstanding encouragement and standard of applications submitted to the competition.
Tom Hayes, Head of Micro Enterprises and Small Business at Enterprise Ireland, said: “This. It is tremendously encouraging to see their energy and their enthusiasm, and I congratulate all of them on their achievements.”Shop/Camera tie back
Belt Loop Retainer
$5.00
BosStrap Belt Loop Retainer Prevents Camera Swinging During Vigorous Activity
- The Belt Loop Retainer is useful when you want to restrain the camera at your side,
- The metal retainer uses spring loaded closures that are easily opened and closed,
- Attaches to a belt loop and to a convienient place on the BosStrap,
The Belt Loop Retainer hooks onto a belt loop and remains ready to attach to any convenient location on the BosStrap when you want to limit the movement of the camera. It is particularly useful when virorously hiking or climbing, or in other situations when the immediate need to bring the camera to shooting position is not required. When not used, the Belt Loop Retainer remains attached to your belt loop.
CAUTION: The Belt Loop Retainer needs to be positioned when in use so that it does not come into contact with side release connectors.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Well ... as predicted this whole "issue" that is going on w/ E is now MY FAULT!!
Damn my mom, things I shared w/ her alone are now coming back to me through my sister S. who wasn't supposed to be told a thing!! That last one happened while I was at Counseling lol My Counselor is SHOCKED at my mom's behavior.
Oh ... Surprise surprise ... my Counselor says she's pretty sure I have PTSD based on everything I've been through since I was a child. WOOOHOOOO!!! At least I have somewhere to start now.
Somedays life sucks, other days, you have to laugh your ass of at it!!Event Details
-- français suivra --
TEVA Quebec Presents: A 100-Mile Meal, Celebrating Sukkot and all things Local.
Join us for a locally sourced and kosher meal, and mindful discussion about Judaism and sustainable living.
October 20, 2016
In the sukkah at the Spanish & Portuguese Synagogue (4894 Ave Saint-Kevin)
Doors open at 5:30, event starts at 6.
With chef Marvin Fuks of Ernie & Ellie's Restaurant!
Musical entertainment by Di Mide Kapelye.
25$ per ticket, 10$ for children under 10.
with special thanks to our event partners:
for more information, email tevaqc@gmail.com
le restaurant Ernie & Ellie's
Le ferme Santropol Roulant (Senneville)
La fondation communautaire juive de Montréal
ALEPH Canada: Alliance pour le renouvellement juif
When & Where
Spanish & Portuguese Synagogue
In the Sukkah
4894 Saint-Kevin Ave
Montréal,
QC H3W
Canada
Thursday, 20 October 2016 from 5:30 PM to 8:30 PM (EDT)
Add to my calendar
Organizer
Teva Quebec
TEVA Québec – The Quebec Jewish Coalition for the Environment is Montreal’s grassroots Jewish environmental education and advocacy group. Grounded in Jewish ethics, traditions and culture, Teva Quebec promotes sustainable practices, healthy communities, and stewardship of nature through education and community engagement.
Share 100 Mile Meal: Celebrating Sukkot & All Things LocalShare TweetAs one looks back on life, one wonders what one has achieved
after 80 years. People are given different gifts, and bad or good luck enters
into the picture. But I think in the end it is important simply to keep busy,
doing the best you can with what fate has given you.
I consider myself to be a freethinker, one using common
sense. If you do good, do it for itself, because it makes you feel good. Be
My husband, Bill Luce, and I (then Carolyn Darrow) knew each
other from high school in Philadelphia
from age fourteen. At sixteen there we fell in love and were not to be
separated (until a brief spell in World War II when he served as a
quartermaster in the navy) until his death at age 69.
I had a gift for singing which began at age twelve. My high
school principal was a musician who wrote several operettas which brought the
school money in depression times of the 1930's. (This tall Lincolnesque man,
popular with school parents at the beginning of Parent-Teacher Associations was
to become head of the Philadelphia
school system.) I was the lead singer in these entertainments.
My mother loved music. At age twelve I was sent from our
northern Frankford suburb on a three hour round trip by trolley to south Philadelphia to the
Settlement School of Music. I was too young to take vocal lessons, but was put
in their youth chorus and taught the Chevé system of Solfeggio (sight reading)
which turned out to be a godsend in learning opera scores in the future.
Reaching fifteen I was chosen as soprano soloist of all the
schools to be featured in a teenage symphony orchestra concert in Philadelphia. The
following year I had the soprano lead role in a play-musical put on at the Philadelphia's Academy
of Music on Broad Street, also
Philadelphia Board of Education directed.
Bill, my husband-to-be, was a boy of many talents, except
for getting his homework done. At fourteen he was sports editor of his weekly
high school paper. At sixteen he was its top editor. The paper, under his
direction, was to receive many awards from Columbia University School of
Journalism. He had the lead in the school play, "Charlie's Aunt" by
Brandon Thomas. He and I were both in the school choir which was so good it did
many performances around Philadelphia
as well as on early TV (which then could be seen only in bars on a 4" x
7" screen).
Bill was an extracurricular boy who chucked his books in his
locker and walked me a mile home from school every day. He had an IQ of 155
(mine was 137). When graduating he had to beg his Spanish teacher to give him
passing grades to graduate and after a few months he enlisted in the Navy. (I
graduated #3 in a class of 300.)
When Bill came home from the Pacific, sent back to go to
officer's training at Colgate
University, we were
married in the final days of the war. Bill then came back to finish his final
l'/2 years at Colgate with me in tow.
I had spent three years at Philadelphia's
Academy of Vocal Arts in training learning some
twenty-five roles, large to small, in opera. During those war years I was a Red
Cross volunteer, performing perhaps a dozen times for recovering veterans
(including German prisoners) at the huge army hospital at Valley
Forge. The hospital (torn down after the war) catered to soldiers
with nervous breakdowns, or unable to cope for various reasons. The hospital was also a starting point of plastic
surgery. (In my singing I encountered quadriplegics, men without faces, and the
psychologically impaired. They say that the medical advances made in wartime
outweighed in the end the loss of men on the battlefield.)
I also spent time entertaining and dancing with sailors of
the British Merchant Navy. I heard their stories regarding the Battle of Britain. The ships of supply, the
Merchant Marine, were heavily oppressed in World War II. They were sitting
ducks for German U-boats. They were the ones to carry the most explosive
materials with no one to save the crews as they went down. These poorer British
men, mostly young, had defective teeth, almost no fruit available in World War
II in Great Britain
then.
In the war, with the experience in a Pacific typhoon, one of
the least known disasters of the war, but one of the worst, driving a small
boat in the midst of a large convoy of assorted naval vessels including
destroyers, Bill felt nearest to death. In their close assemblage, these
diverse vessels had the huge storm come upon them so quickly that they didn't
have a chance to disperse, as was the custom. The waves were so high that Bill,
in the dense rains, frequently could see nothing in front of him. When he could
glimpse something finally, it would be a huge destroyer directly in front of
him. The destroyer was certainly not going to move for him. It would have to be
him in his 30 foot crash boat that would have to move - and move he did - time
and time again. Many ships were lost in this storm.
By the time we married at age twenty we had had varied
experiences that made us thankful just to be well and alive and together. Both
our families had been of solid moral background, but forceful and restrictive.
Moving to Colgate was a wonderful first year of marriage.
The GI Bill of Rights certainly made it so. My husband's war duty made him very
grateful to both institutions. We lived penuriously there, but very
appreciative of the beauty of the campus and the people who from the war made
for a more varied campus population.
I think it would be wonderful if each one could take off a
year or two between terms or after school to do something that really interests
them before settling down to a forever job. There should be scholarships. Keep
in mind if both husband and wife work, neither can become ill. You must allow
for such a thing happening. The second lesser salary should be saved.
When my husband, Bill Luce graduated from Colgate University
in spring of 1947, he was fortunate to have a recommendation from his
journalism professor, Roger Spaulding, in seeking a job on the Binghamton
Press, one of two daily papers in that New York State town.
We had spent our time at Colgate climbing its tall campus
hill back and forth, swimming and playing tennis on the university's courts,
breaking in apartments for the newly married in East Hall and the new
prefabricated units in the sports area across the road from the school. Bill
augmented our meager salary selling Herald Tribunes on campus, while I kept
track of East Hall's newly married's laundry which was deposited in our two
room apartment hall, and necessitated our crawling over it all week long. I had
two piano students at a dollar each. At the end of each month we ate shredded
wheat and a lot of potatoes and onions augmented by canned tomatoes. (Oh, don't
forget Spam.)
I delighted in telling my husband that I had more pictures
in the Colgate class of '47 album than he did.
With few women on campus it led to my acting in the play
"Arsenic and Old Lace." I also had the lead in "The
Drunkard," an old Victorian play and sang ballads in its intermission,
sang with the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra and went weekly for voice lessons at
Syracuse University (with Florence Hartman).
At Colgate in the town of Hamilton,
New York in a
production of the Gilbert & Sullivan operetta, "The Gondoliers,"
I had the soprano lead. For all this I received no remuneration, but kept my
voice in trim, a very necessary obligation. Bill was no slouch in his final
year at Colgate, as editor of the college magazine, "The Banter."
Our additional gift from Bill's Delta Upsilon fraternity was
a free dinner for both of us each Sunday. Did I say "Free?" In
return, we were to act as chaperones at that frat's parties. (Bill went alone
to check the building's upper floors.)
The whole year was what you might call "Poverty
Deluxe." But we added a group of friends that lasted a lifetime.
*********
On to the Binghamton Press where Bill started out writing
stories on publicizing the paper's social programs for the children.
In a number of articles leading up to a soapbox derby, the
paper ran into trouble. The hill used was fine for the races, but the crowds
that came for the show were enormous. The crowds kept pressing the wooden
barriers more and more into the street itself By the time three races had
concluded, the ambulances were rushing to the scene to aid the injured. One
woman, who was breast feeding her baby, had a wheel off a cart enter her window
and scare her to hysterics; another old man had his left tibia of his leg
broken; and people were tripping over each other, trying to get away. I, on my
way to the supposedly innocuous scene of childish delight, found myself on the bus
delayed by ambulances from not only Binghamton,
but three or four surrounding towns in the area.
There were court cases for years after. Obviously my husband
had overwritten the joy of the occasion for young and old alike. The opposition
newspaper took over the assault as well. The story was a watermark in the
Binghamton Press's history.
Bill's articles thence appeared unbylined and the newspaper
got him a job at United Press International - in Albany, thinking probably that the stress of
the wire service work would finish him off there.
But Bill was to take the bit and prosper at the job.
The U.P. wire service was just the thing to either kill off
or make a newspaper man. You had to type fast in perfect English, you had to be
unassailable in your facts, and be first on the wire with the story if
possible. The stories from New York's capital
city were among America's
most important. What Bill had was a well-grounded moral background, common
sense, and a lack of fear in questioning the most important people.
What the United Press needed was bright young men - cheap!
In due course, what Bill did in Albany
was to man U.P.'s night desk alone past midnight, along with another man who
could fix anything that broke in the office. At least one night a week, Bill
would be out with this older Irishman in one of the local Irish bars
celebrating a very dull or very active night. I think they were waiting for a
story to break (excuse) or one that failed to. Once a story did break in the bar.
Tom, who was well-known as a character and storyteller about the Albany bar scene, got his
ankle twisted in the brass foot bar and tumbled over breaking his ankle. It was
the talk of the town for several weeks, but the story never got on the wire.
Meanwhile, I was living just up the hill from the U.P.
office and across the street from the Capitol Building
on State Street.
I can remember sliding down the steep sidewalks on the ice in winter with a pot
of coffee in one hand and a sandwich in the other prepared for Bill's nightly
lunch. For about a year and a half, I had a job on General Electric's radio
station, WGY, on a half-hour weekly program featuring me and the studio
orchestra, in classical works. (Three-initialed stations were the first radio
stations in America.
It was on WGY that Rudy Vallee came to fame. For the first time his light tenor
voice could be heard without a megaphone.) I also starred in the Albany
Knickerbocker Guild's production of Victor Herbert's "Mademoiselle
Modiste" for which I received a very good review in the Albany papers. (Remember "Kiss Me, Kiss
Me Again?") I also appeared on early TV programs at General Electric and
was paid $28 a program.
I sang before the full New York legislature at a luncheon party
given by General Electric. The only woman, I danced with many legislators of
whom I remember none. I think I received $25 or $50 for the gig. All this was a
great experience, but little money.
The musicians that I met could have interesting backgrounds.
One very elderly flautist, as a bandmaster and conductor for royalty in Russia, knew
well all of the famous musicians of the time of the Revolution. He had been
caught in Poland
in the crowds of a preliminary uprising, where the czar's troops had fired into
a gathered mass of people, killing all before them with random fire. He had
seen Rasputin in the streets of Russia's
capital, a huge man, red-haired and with piercing eyes. The czar's personal
army was selected for their great height and atop their strong pony-like
horses, bred for the cold of northern Russia, they moved at a gallop
throughout the city. People must get out of their way.
At the time of Governor Dewey's non-election to the
presidency, Bill had written his first byline article. It was about how Mrs.
Dewey was going to do over the White House. Needless to say, it didn't get
printed.
So now Bill is sent to the main office of United Press in New York City. They were
looking for a bright young fellow there (cheap). With this move he was now
making $75 a week.
That's where we met the Beat Generation - the trio of Lucien
Carr, Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg - a year or so before Kerouac's book
"On the Road" came out.
Lu Carr also worked at U.P. and he and Bill became great
friends at once. They were opposites in temperament - Lu, bombastic, a drinker,
devilish hard-worker, prankster (but never in his work), vulgarian - a dual
character, to say the least. Allen was a penniless poet from Paterson who
sometimes asked for carfare home (and was avowedly gay). Jack was to me
introverted, gentlemanly, always watching life around him with the question in
his mind: "What's it all about?"
We thought that since these were among the first New Yorkers
we had met, that all New Yorkers were a little crazy. But they were very
interesting to watch and talk to. Each one would be considered maladjusted to
life - but the conversation, ah! They knew in reading and writing -things we
never knew before - and each had his dark serious side. But you must go to
other books for that story. Days for Bill at United Press - and Lu, too - were
fast paced. Most of the foreign news came in on the wires from abroad at night.
So much to learn and do at about age 24 or 25. It was the first real time of
challenge for these young men who worked the 7 to 3 A.M. shift. (The bosses
wanted to go home early.)
Then there were the perks! U.P. never gave a raise except
two weeks before one was due anyway. Tickets to very big events were sugar
candy. Bill would get on the phone to me, "Meet me here at seven. We're
going to the first Book Awards Dinner at the Plaza tonight." Three hours later
we would find ourselves sandwiched at a round table in between Erich Maria
Remarque, who wrote "All Quiet on the Western Front," and Irving
Stone who wrote a string of biographies (including one on Clarence Darrow, the
famous defense lawyer, "Darrow for Defense"). Bill was squeezed in
between Remarque and James T. Farrel, author of "Studs Lonigan," a
book greatly admired by my husband who had read it as a teenager using a
flashlight under his bedcovers. We were almost speechless with awe. When Bill
didn't interview them, they proceeded to imbibe heavily and have a good time,
probably never having met each other before.
We attended Ella Fitzgerald's party celebrating her 25th
year in show business.
We spent the rest of that year following the Beats around
the Village Saturday nights, meeting Allen and Jack either in the waiting room at U.P. or
at a famous-to-be Italian restaurant, the San Remo, at MacDougal and 4th
Streets in Greenwich Village. A half dozen New
Year's Eve parties followed, becoming a
tradition at Dody Muller's various apartments. Dody was Jack's girlfriend for a
number of years. (An eighth generation Texan, Dody was descended from Jesse
James and Geronimo. Her maiden name was "James.")
We were at the famous party in Lu's Chelsea loft apartment when Kerouac threw
down his roll of yellow wire paper (which Lu supplied him with from the U.P.)
Lu's dog, who drank a lot of half-full glasses of booze left on the floor, went
over and promptly peed on this first unpublished edition of "On the
Road." (Potchki was paper-trained after all.)
In a year or so, "On the Road" came out, an
instant success. At a year later's party at our house newly bought in Teaneck, Kerouac was to
say proudly that he had made the most money in his life that year. "Fifty
thousand dollars!" he bragged. We asked him what he would like as a reward
at our party and he said, "I'd like to kiss all these pretty girls in the
room" (about eight in number). And he did. So, I've been kissed by
Kerouac, sung Deanna Durban songs with Allen Ginsberg, been to Kerouac's
wedding (bring your own booze, he'd furnish pretzels and chips) in a borrowed
apartment on W. 23rd Street.
But that's another book, as I said.
Before Bill was thirty, he left United Press. He was in
direct competition with Lu Can for promotion, and Bill thought U.P. was
uniquely suited to Lu's talents (for irreverence) in the news business. Lu Carr
was to end up in Washington,
D.C., as head of the U.P. Bureau
there. I'd love to have heard him dealing with the bureaucrats, pols and
foreign correspondents in his job there.
We had left New York City to
move to Teaneck.
That town was to become an interesting experiment in interracial living and
religious diversity. It was a middle-class community that remained
middle-class. I sang in a choir at the First Presbyterian Church that had a
quartet of black bass and alto, and white soprano and tenor. I played in a town
musical that had the role of the Queen of England played by a young black
woman. The great African drummer, Olantunji was the guest star of the show. He was one of the first drummers to introduce the fantastic
drumming to be used in black high school performing bands. The production was
by Jewish directors from New York City's
Broadway. Teaneck
would have been called "leftist" in the McCarthy era. Howard Fast,
the novelist, lived there, and many of the famous people of the arts and in
sports (Mickey Mantle, for one). Paul Volcker, Secretary of the Treasury, was a
member of the church I sang in. I never met a nicer group of people.
There were
protests in the community about school teaching (wanting more information on
Black history). I was on my way to a rehearsal when we were confronted by a
group of about 100 High School students who had been protesting the lack of
black studies in the High School. The students milled around us, parting so we
could pass them, waving and smiling as we proceeded. The last time I saw Teaneck, it looked great.
Once in a while I drop in to see a friend there (Teaneck
had many faiths represented, including a Bahai Temple
and eventually a Muslim one. Mixed marriages were not uncommon).
My husband, in moving to The New York Times, began a slow
but steady move up in the work force there. He started on the rim of the bull
pen (the center of the room where "the bulls" rule) - a long curved
table with perhaps ten or twelve people, learning from the Times' style book of
rules for new editors. This was dog work, moving up from editing "C"
heads on one paragraph stories, on to two paragraph stories, onward and upwards
until city desk stories were given them. (In some ways city, then state
stories, are the hardest to write. The public is very near you and
supercritical. You are sure to hear from them if the slightest thing is wrong.
Who, on the other hand in New York,
is going to correct your Far Eastern Russia copy?)
In tiny steps he advanced. (He had wanted all his life to be
a reporter, but I knew he had a gift in editing. Every wife knows that she may
lose her husband when he goes abroad. Foreign correspondents can be terribly
spoiled by the attention and can have a freedom abroad, not available at home.
If his or her marriage is shaky, it made for a breaking point. They have a big
adjustment to make after the usual three years away.)
As Bill progressed from United Press to The New York Times,
he was often daunted by his slow progress and in buying a house in Teaneck, New
Jersey. (We paid $12,000 for it, and he wailed,
"We'll never get our money back." I worked like a dog to prove him
wrong - for over thirty-five years. When we finally sold it, we got $200,000
clear, but he never apologized. He had been taken from his beloved Manhattan!
The reason we moved to Teaneck
was that I was pregnant at age twenty-five and I wanted to have more than one
room to live in. We had a $2,000 down payment and a $10,000 mortgage.
We both put in a difficult time the next five years. Bill
groaned about the bus trips, missing the city, having to meet the last bus from
New York City
at 1:25 A.M. Me going through five years of trying to have children (two
miscarriages, one baby that lived only nine months, and one born dead.)
I gained forty-five pounds in those five years, and made to
feel it was all my fault. For the last two pregnancies I had been "medicated"
with steroids then called "DES" or "Stilbesterol" later
called "steroids" and used to fatten up cattle and athletes. Because
of the change of names, I did not know for years of the experiment. It was an
experience I would not want to go through again. But, in a strange way, it had
its own silver lining.
The pressure is on young people to produce children. You are
left out of many things if you don't (In my family history, I am descended from
the Du Bois family. I read recently that if you have been born in this country,
one in every seven people have Du Bois genes in their blood - this from one
family in the Hudson
Valley of the 1660's). We
no longer need that many children to develop America. I used birth control after
my attempts in having children.
So, after all that training and gaining weight, I took to my
house as a sheltering cave. I would show Bill we would still get our $12,000
back if we ever moved.
Now we see the ascendancy of my dear husband, Bill. He
became, in time, assistant city editor. Sections were added to The New York
Times, such as the New Jersey
and Westchester Bureaus, Business, Auto, Metro, Arts and Weekend additions. Of
these, he was the beginning editor on the New Jersey section, first editor of the
Weekend section for which he wrote a nine page recommendation to start that
section. He was culture editor for about 3 1/2 years. His staff included Ada
Louis Huxtable and Paul Goldberger (architecture), Brooks Atkinson (drama),
Anna Kisselgoff (ballet), Dick Shepard (Broadway and Jewish entertainment),
John Rockwell and Harold Schonberg (classical music), John Canaday (art) and
Clive Barnes (ballet and Broadway). We saw and heard everything in town.
You must keep in mind that newspapers are open 24 hours a
day. Night work is some of the most demanding. The paper must be ready for
early the next morning in New York.
As a young boy in high school, Bill had to go to the
printers every week to see that everything was printed correctly as possible.
This he did daily when he was on duty late at night at The New York Times. He
had a good relationship with the printers. He was always enthusiastic and
trying to get the best out of people.
Writers and other workers need coddling and appreciation. A
newspaper is a creative process, starting over new each day. He genuinely liked
the newspaper business and all the smart, diverse, writers and the large
support staff about him. It was never dull.
Abe Rosenthal came to depend on Bill and not have to worry
needlessly when he was off on weekends (Abe was to call him "Keeper of the
Gate."). Sammy Solovitz, one of the last ‘copy’ boys at the Times who
really knew what went on there would say, “I don’t know how Bill does it
all.”).
After being culture editor, Bill became the Assistant News
editor and then the News editor. That's the one who put the paper to bed each
night. An hour or two late might cost many thousands of dollars. There could be
one, two or three editions in one night. Substitutes for my husband could be
just as important in eventually earning their way to the top.
My husband, having no children, worked over holidays to let
others celebrate them.
It was not uncommon for Bill to work an eleven hour day . He
mostly had a sandwich at his desk for his dinnertime lunch. He was finally
offered a coveted office overlooking 44th
Street with all the sights of Broadway theaters
and crowds at show time below. He turned it down. It was necessary that he be
obtainable to all the third floor reporters and located in the middle of the
room.
Gradually, the age of having children passes and other
things take to your mind as important. I know that I could not have survived
catering to both my husband's career and having children. In the larger scheme
of things, I thought my husband's strivings were more important than mine. His
reversal of hours and style of living were to continue throughout his life.
I was handy around the house. He was not, nor did he have
the time to be. I puttered around quietly in the morning. He had a difficult
time getting awake, even with an alarm clock. Once I left home to visit my
mother for three days and he was late for work for those three days. Later, when
someone would ask me what was the most important part of my life, I would
reply, "Putting Bill out on the porch to go to work each day."
After that, the day was mine. I hand-scraped the woodwork in
my 1906 house in the dining and living rooms. I never had a paper hanger or
painter inside the house. I did the work. I paneled the kitchen. I handled the
finances, although Bill did the yearly taxes. I gardened, knitted, needle
worked, read - got to like the solitary life in myself - made nest, although
imperiled by the thought that we would never get our $12,000 back.
Since the age of seven I had been in church choirs and,
except for maybe three or four years, continued to. I left the Episcopal Church
at age thirteen and sang in Presbyterian churches until age fifty when I quit
cold. I started with pay at $4 a week, ending up at $17 which barely paid for
my music. I also sang for twelve years at High Holiday services in a reformed
synagogue in Teaneck.
I gave several solo concerts at Teaneck First Presbyterian Church to benefit
two funds to buy a grand piano and a very good organ. I was a Red Cross
volunteer at the county hospital for several years.
My neighbors were my best friends. It was a lonely life, but
I was glad to being taken from the obligation of making a serious living.
In the early 50's, when The Times was starting up some of
their new sections the New Jersey edition, Hal Gal, asked my husband if I could
do some kind of column for that section, maybe on clothes or something. I
thought about it and came up with an antiques column, once a month at first and
then going weekly. (Hal wasn't dumb. He knew that my husband would be my
editor.) I knew and loved the antiquing part, but I didn't know how to type.
Between learning that and my husband returning my copy three or four times to
me for corrections, there was many a day that a couple of tears would roll down
my face while I fumbled at typing and rewrote and rewrote and rewrote.
By the end of the first year I could get by with just one
editing. By then I had acquired a full rack of almost a hundred books on the
subject, an old car, and several maps of New
Jersey. I reported on New Jersey museums, huge antique shows,
individual shops and collections. I covered the state to all its borders with
an occasional sortie into Pennsylvania and New York nearby. I did
this for about 4 1/2 years. When I quit, they tried to replace my column, but
couldn't and haven't to this day. (The wonderful photos plus my story and ads
would frequently take up the entire page. All this (plus my editor husband) I
did for $250 a week plus 8 cents a mile for my car.)
By the time he retired at age 64 in 1988, Bill had many high
points to look back on in his life.
He had been editor on the desk when Malcolm X was killed.
He was sent to Attica to coordinate and edit the reporters
at that week long New York
State uprising of
prisoners against their guards. (Governor Rockefeller didn't look good there.)
In Pope Paul's visit to New York, Bill was managing the desk at the
time. It would be fair to say that many people at the paper would work in
relays on large stories like these. In this case a book came out in celebration
of the occasion, The New York Times knowing many of the facts.
My husband worked many times on the large (two or three
pages) "take out" sections which The Times put out in its main sheet.
These were of historical value, called "take out" by the fact that
they could be removed or "taken out" by scholars for saving, done
more in the past than present.
Sometimes reporters and editors had to stay with a story,
like a plane crash or national crisis, kept in New York City for several nights in a row,
simply because they were the only ones that had all the facts in their minds.
In the last seven or eight years, The Times sent Bill on
trips abroad. As News editor he needed more background on other countries in
the world. Also it enabled him to check on the reporters stationed worldwide.
Because he did the traveling on his vacation time, he could take me along.
(Double and single rooms are the same cost and, as a couple, we took cheaper
plane tickets, plus food adjustments were made.) We visited Europe, India, Russia
and the Near East on separate trips. The
reporters abroad were happy for any news from New York
or the U.S.A.
They also poured out their problems in working abroad. (Many of the countries
had limited statistics. A reporter relied heavily on their native office support
and translators.)
When we were close to taking our European trip, Bill got a
call from Gay Talese, the writer and a former Times reporter. He had an artist
friend who came from Udine in the far northeast
section of Italy.
That area had suffered a serious earthquake. Gay wanted to know if we would be
going to that part of the country, then further explained that it was
mountainous and not particularly known for great artworks. What it did have
were numerous chapels and small churches in its mountains and valleys, with
many old fine architectural interiors and statuary, many having been heavily
damaged in the earthquake.
So we made the trip there first. The large town square and
other open places were still filled with tents. I stayed in the near empty
hotel while Bill spent three or four days looking at the damage to the
artworks. Statues and architectural pieces had been laid out in front of each
religious building, large and small. They were still waiting for another quake.
Priests and town fathers welcomed the attention gladly. It was not a rich
province.
Bill wrote two columns of highly descriptive information and
wired it to The New York Times. It was then selected to be printed in The
International Herald Tribune in Paris
(This went worldwide).
Millions of dollars poured into Udine and the surrounding countryside. It was
most satisfying to Bill to be able to make a difference in the relief effort.
Since we had dinner mostly at 1 A.M. at home it would take
Bill several hours to get to sleep, usually with an ear attachment to the TV,
looking at old Laurel and Hardy movies to drive his job from his mind.
I was alone a lot. But I cultivated many hobbies, one of
them collecting books on Hudson
Valley history and
genealogy. I traced four branches of my family - three back to the 1600's, two Dutch
and Huguenot, and one German branch to 1710, all early settlers in Ulster County, New
York. I piled up files of printed material. We had a
small cabin on the Esopus Creek in Saugerties,
New York, the town in which I was
born. My mother and father, cousins to each other, retired there. I've spent a
part of my life there every year.
It became a haven for even Bill, an inveterate cigarette
smoker, who came to appreciate all the varied food and restaurants in the
Catskills and a totally different outlook in contrast to Broadway and 43rd Street in New York City.
When Bill retired they gave him a fine retirement party in
The Time's penthouse, with the new young Arthur Sulzberger, Jr., its publisher
present.
Money collected from fellow Times workers resulted in a gift
of radio, CD, record player, TV film attachment, speakers, headphone and baton
(to conduct the orchestras he listened to, of course).
Two other gifts were dinner for two at the Rainbow Room and
dinner for two at the top of the Twin Towers (only a memory now) in Bill's favorite city, New York.
Bill enjoyed his retirement - reading all the books he had
missed along the way. He became my chef at dinner parties (I being in charge of
my usual peasant meals). He would go into three food stores searching out the
special ingredients required. I would be eagerly waiting at home to see what we
would be having, so I could set the table.
One day, Bill had tests made because his legs hurt him. I
got the results at home while he was shopping for food. I was phoned that he
was having a serious aneurysm and must get to the hospital immediately. I
waited an hour-and-a-half in my garage for him to return with the food he had
bought for a party that night.
He survived the operation, but died of a second one on
December 9, 1994. Arthur Gelb of The Times called me asking where and when the
funeral would be.
"Arthur, Bill said he would haunt me if I spent any
money on a funeral, so I thought in the spring I would have a party for all his
relatives and Times friends, which he would have loved."
Arthur said, "We'll do it here at The Times. I'll put
Gerry Gold (Pulitzer Prize winner, as head of The Pentagon Papers condensation)
and Dick Shepard in charge and we'll do it in the spring. And they did, with
100 people invited and a simple toast, "Let's raise a glass for Bill Luce!"
Years before, at Bill's retirement party, Joe Lelyveld, who couldn't attend,
sent a postcard to Bill saying: "I don't think that when I retire I will
be replaced by 4 people. You will always have that honor."
If I ever had a ghost following me about, it was Bill Luce.
I mourned seriously for about three months.
I was left to manage the set of six condominiums in Englewood, New
Jersey, a nicely designed architectural combination
of Japanese-American design in a group of three twin houses. Bill was manager
before me. I ended up baby-sitting the six while most of the inhabitants went
to work daily.
I decided to mourn Bill two nights a week. The rest of the
time I would start my book on Ulster
County, New York. It
would be called Stories from the West Bank of the Hudson
River (1660-1939) - Another View.
By this time I had collected almost 100 books on my subject,
about fifty pounds of newspaper articles, historic folders and family books. I
have a Burhans Genealogy date 1888 that contains more than 11,000 names and a
book by a Brink family historian (early 1900's), both of my Saugerties family.
I would combine a young girl's reminiscences of the 1930's Depression with the
historic search for her roots in the local history of the early Hudson River
Dutch.
It was something I always wanted to do. I knew Bill, my
first editor, would have backed me in my project. "Keep it clear and
simple and human," I could hear him saying.
It took me nine years to write and Bill was with me all the
way. It came out in 2003.Colors To Paint Kitchen Cabinet Gray Kitchen Cabinets Paint Colors Kitchen Oak Cabinets
colors to paint kitchen cabinet gray kitchen cabinets paint colors kitchen oak cabinets.
what color to paint kitchen cabinets with red walls white for sherwin williams pictures painted ideas dark blue colors oak,paint colors for kitchen with white cabinets and stainless steel appliances best painted ideas on painting oak black off color,paint color kitchen cabinets white cherry wood colors for with appliances best ivory ideas on,best color to paint a kitchen with cherry cabinets painting ideas painted white,ideas for painting kitchen cabinets and walls cool cabinet paint color colors,grey and white kitchen makeover colors to paint cabinets pictures with oak black appliances for,paint color kitchen cabinets white mistakes you make painting painted colors with oak and black countertops pictures ideas,white paint color for kitchen cabinets sherwin williams captivating cabinet ideas appealing cherry painted off,pictures painted kitchen cabinets ideas what color to paint with yellow walls best white painting our favorite colors for the job,colors to paint kitchen cabinets and walls color white kitchens with dark black pictures colour.Tuesday, June 28, 2011
Wednesday, June 22, 2011
send a block for The Painted Quilt.... and read about sending a small block to Kaaren of The Painted Quilt blog. What a nice thing to do & so simple. I'm picturing her wrapped up in the well wishes written in each block. Reading about this after a stressful day at work, i realize i have no 'real' worries. I will spend some quiet time this weekend picking out the right fabric and quote to send her. I believe prayers and good wishes are very powerful...i was gifted with many myself 13 years ago.
Sunday, June 19, 2011
She LIKES it!!
Have a wonderful week everyone! Hope all the dads out there had a great day!! :-)
Sunday, June 12, 2011
Making progress.....
Happy sewing! Have a great week ahead.......!
Saturday, June 11, 2011
because her married name will be "Royalty"!!, printed on a fabric transfer sheet. It is a wonderful site with many resources for graphics. The back is an envelope closure. The cute little guys are from Windham fabrics' Adventures in Wonderland series. (another 'i couldn't resist' moment!)
Sunday, June 5, 2011
More pictures---as promised.....) She designed it all fom a quote from the movie An American President w/Michael Douglas..."It turns out, I have a rose garden" !! How clever is that??
Friday, June 3, 2011
Where to start........ . I was very surprised & happy to win 4th place!! I'll post more of the great Show & Tell quilts from the meeting this weekend. The Oakland County Quilt Guild is a talented bunch o' gals!
Enjoy the day........... :-)
Wednesday, June 1, 2011
Big day Thursday!
Two of my favorite ladies will be unable to attend...(you know who you are :-) so i'll be taking pictures of everything going on to share with them later. Some may just pop up here too, I'm thinkin'.
Happy sewing, all. And a happy start to summer!!Parking Attendant – Sugar Bowl Resort – LOVE where you work!
Categories:
Description
Surpass guest expectations by providing exceptional service. Sugar Bowl | Royal Gorge is always looking for people who want to work hard and play hard in our family-friendly environment. We offer affordable employee housing, employee and dependent passes, competitive wages, free skiing and riding at Boreal and Summit Resorts, free ski/board lessons, free rentals and much.The pic below makes me terribly sad as a gardener. It was once a honeysuckle that was actually thriving extensively after it's third home. The first move was necessitated by the neighbors dogs chewing it to pieces, the second home was just not right and it's third home was perfect. Full sun and picket fence as well as an arbor to ramble along. It grew like crazy and was gorgeous, the hummingbirds loved it. One offense against this determined honeysuckle was my husband. It needed to be trimmed (when I wasn't present) in order for the septic tank to be pumped and he recklessly wacked away at it dead center. I managed to do some aesthetically pleasing tidying up. Just a couple of weeks ago, the worst damage to it yet was done by our young dog (whom shall remain nameless). In just a very short period of time he completely destroyed my beautiful honeysuckle. All of it's main branches were shredded to bits! There was nothing to do but cut it to the ground and say a little gardeners prayer.
Of course we all love the pretty pictures of flowers growing happily, but as a testament to the hardiness of this plant I wanted to post this pathetic picture because I am betting that by the end of summer it will be reaching it's way towards the picket fence once again.
Tuesday, March 15, 2011
NOT A PRETTY PICTURE!
Labels: The harsh side of gardening
Like the rejoicing over wayward children, the rejoicing over a "come back" plant is heartfelt! I'm cheering that honeysuckle along!ANALYSIS - 'Terror nests' in Afrin pose threat to Turkey
20:59
Azerbaijan has temporarily banned imports of livestock and animal products from several regions of Georgia due to the fact that a plague disease was recorded in Varketili area near the city of Tbilisi according to the World Organization for Animal Health
In connection with foot and mouth disease outbreak plague disease, import of livestock and animal products from Varketili and other areas located near the risky zone to Azerbaijan were banned upon the order of the State Veterinary Control Service.
State Customs Committee was appealed to take necessary measures for the prevention of plague disease in Azerbaijan.Kingsman: The Golden Circle
>
Taron Egerton, Channing Tatum, Julianne Moore, Halle Berry, Mark Strong, Sophie Cookson, Colin Firth, Jeff Bridges, Edward Holcroft, Pedro Pascal, Elton John, Tony Cook, Gordon Alexander, Hanna Alström, Calvin Demba, Thomas Turgoose, Tobi Bakare, Keith Allen, Tom Benedict Knight, Michael Gambon, Bjorn Granath, Lena Endre, Samantha Coughlan, Poppy Delevingne, Grant Gillespie, Tara Hugo, Nicolas Colicos, Iain McKee, Bruce Greenwood, Emily Watson, Mark Arnold, James Carroll Jordan, Antonio Magro, Count Prince Miller, Jeff Ricketts, Mingus Jonhston, Samantha Womack, Bimbo Hart, Max Mackintosh, Derek Horsham, Thorston Manderlay, Takako Akashi, Terence Anderson, Vinnie Jones, Laurentiu Possa
Directors
Producers
Matthew Vaughn, David Reid, Adam Bohling, Mark Millar, Dave Gibbons, Stephen Marks, Claudia Schiffer, Pierre La Grange"
New Harvard Ave building to get Urban Outfitters
Urban Outfitters will open its fourth store in Greater Boston, having signed a lease for 13,500 square feet in Allston, Mass.
The lease, announced Thursday by Boston Realty Advisors on behalf of the site’s landlord, includes 2,400 square feet on the first floor of 226 Harvard Ave. and 11,000 square feet on the second floor. The three-story, 30,000-square-foot building was developed on a speculative basis, or without a tenant, beginning in the first quarter of last year
"Amenity rich" needs a school"?
Boston T Party departing from Brigton
Holton St improvements
Mahoney's staying in Brighton
Good morning rat
For example, here's a furry little critter I saw on my neighbor's front steps this morning at 8:35 while walking my dog. Twenty five minutes later it was still there sitting there on the same step.
We certainly have a lot of uncertainty
So I was intrigued by this headline and story about how uncertainty affects people's happiness, and I found it ironic that is it written by a Harvard professor, considering that Harvard is the driving force behind so much of the uncertainty and mystery about our future.
What You Don’t Know Makes You Nervous - Happy Days Blog - NYTimes.com
Which way is our spiral?
There is little doubt now that New Haven is a healthier, more prosperous, more fun, and safer city than it has been in the memory of most alumni. 'When we use the word 'spiral' in speaking of our large cities,' wrote the Hartford Courant's Tom Condon two years ago, 'it is almost always preceded by 'downward.' In New Haven, they are saying 'upward.''
Radio Boston looks at the Boston Mayor's race
Lincoln Street ribbon cut
Monday ribbon cutting w/Mayor Menino
On Monday morning at 11:00 we will celebrate the project with Mayor Menino, the Allston Brighton CDC, the New England Foundation for the Arts, and others.
If you aren't familiar with the site or as a reminder of what it looked like a few years ago, here are a few before and after views.
Crimson story on Wednesday's CWP meeting
This."
Everett St planting on Saturday - Please join us
Saturday, May 16 - 9am to noon
In cooperation with Grow Boston Greener, we will do some spring cleaning & plant trees on the Everett St slope between Lincoln and Adamson. Please bring a shovel or rake and lend a hand!
Harvard to buy another Allston property, and a pause
.
Tuesday morning assult in N. Allston
"On Tuesday, May 12, at approximately 12:21am, Officers assigned to Area D-14 (Allston / Brighton), responded to the area of Coolidge Road @ North Harvard Street for a report of a robbery in progress..."
Community Supported Fish - maybe coming to/near Allston
Town/gown retail conflict in Porter Sq
"But after two decades of service up a slice of Japan at the area's sole Japanese-only market, Shinohara will soon be saying farewell. Lesley University, which owns the Massachusetts Avenue building where the market is located, wants the space for its bookstore."
Harvard announces more cuts
The Harvard Crimson :: News :: FAS Announces Broad Array of Budget Cuts
The Harvard Crimson :: News :: List of FAS Budget Measures, May 11
"Relative to the capital aspirations from one year ago, FAS has reduced the capital plan for the next two years by more than 50 percent. Only projects that are cash-funded or critical to the maintenance of the FAS’s primary mission – such as essential life-safety upgrades and expenditures associated with faculty recruitment – will be funded in the near term."
BPS meeting about new school assignment plan
BPS is hosting a public meeting about this plan on Tuesday, May 12 at 6:00 at the Edison School, 60 Glenmont Rd. More info is available at
Benjamin, get your facts straight
"In the 1990s, the university wanted to build a Renzo Piano-designed museum on the banks of the Charles River to house its art collection. The North Allston "neighborhood," in reality a very small number of residents, blocked that plan because it would affect their views of the river blocks away."
But that isn't what happened. The proposed museum that Ben is thinking of was in Cambridge, not North Allston, at the intersection of Memorial Drive and Western Ave where Mahoney's was before it moved to North Brighton.
Then Ben continues:
For years after that, as Harvard tried to cement its plans to build a new science campus to educate the nation's future biologists and chemists, the area's residents fought back tooth and nail.This also couldn't be further from the truth. Harvard was allowed to amend its Master Plan to build the Science Complex in as rapid a process as possible and nobody in North Allston did anything to slow that down. All that despite the promise that Harvard made in the North Allston Strategic Framework to collaborate with the City and community on a new master plan before starting any specific projects.
There are a lot of great things about how the Internet allow people to share ideas and information, but the ability to spread lies like these isn't one of them.
Harvard & Allston in the NY Times
Everett Street to grow greener
Everett Street to grow greener, help needed for planting project - Allston-Brighton, MA - Allston/Brighton TAB
Harvard Police to close Allston substation?
"The Harvard University Police Department said yesterday that it is not planning to close its Allston substation as a result of University-wide budget reductions—even though a HUPD sergeant seemed to suggest at an Allston construction management meeting Wednesday night that Harvard was considering such a move."
Everett St before & after
Harvard cleans up the Big K
Spring Show and Sale @ Harvard Ceramics
May 14, Thursday, 3 – 8 pm, Opening Reception
May 15 - 17, Friday – Sunday, 10 am – 7 pm
BC's expansion plan OK'ed
"More than 200 people packed the public hearing to argue the merits of BC's sweeping, $1 billion construction master plan, which was passed by a 9-to-1 vote.
Public discussion, at some points heated, lasted for more than four hours, with Zoning Commissioner chairman Robert Fondren gaveling the room back to order numerous times."
ABNNF meets Thursday
Good news for Boston
Could BC's construction impact big pipes?
"With the city's zoning commission poised to weigh in on the university's plan tonight, the neighbors and environmentalists - including the Conservation Law Foundation and a former head of the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority - want the panel to refrain from voting without a fuller review of how the expansion might disrupt the regional water mains."
Will Harvard do what Penn did?
Thanks."
Heart of Adoptions Alliance, Inc provides financial assistance to families who are hindered by the lack of available resources for special needs adoption. This is done by helping to cover legal fees and agency costs, as well as to assist with medical costs for children with special needs that have been adopted. Heart of Adoptions Alliance, Inc. is committed to helping every child find their forever home and to ensure that the forever family can provide this forever home. You can greatly assist with this need by making a tax-free donation to the St. Frances Fund! To make a donation through our PayPal account, please click the Donate button.Pool House Design Plans is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for ideas about you search. The exactly aspect drive another button or earlier button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Pool House Pool House Design Plans on Facebook, Way, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Tied by: Ted Patlen
Originated by: Robert Wilson
Source: Streamer Fly Tying and Fishing, Bates Pg. 233-234
Hook: Unknown 3xl streamer hook
Thread: Yellow
Tail: Short golden pheasant crest curving upward
Body: Copper wire or embossed copper tinsel
Throat: Black hackle
Wing: 2 matching sections of barred wood duck long and narrow, extending just beyond the tail
Head: Yellow
Notes: The pattern was originated in Scotland by a young Robert Wilson around 1890 as a wet fly pattern. Later on, Mr Wilson moved to Old Greenwich, Connecticut where the fly was converted to a streamer configuration. A friendly rivalry sprung up between Mr. Wilson and his friend Mr. George Fraser, pitting the Bob Wilson against the Fraser Streamer. There was no clear winner. The tail of the streamer was often clipped to even out the tips.]
I had never heard of this pattern until now,staying in Scotland myself,i will have to tie some up.I think this streamer will work great on those big “back end trout”….
I’m a big fan of barred wood duck, copper, and GP crests. Great material choice by the original tyer. Very nice work. I enjoyed reading the history too of this fly. You did an excellent job with this fly.The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in Taraba State, Darius Ishaku is reported to be leading the female governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC).
As at press time, in Kofar Sarki in Takum Local Government polling unit, the PDP had 588 votes against the APC’s 7.
At Suntai Daaji in Donga Local Government Area, the PDP got 1,139 against APC’s 74.
At Asibiti ward in Donga Local Government Area PDP scored 4,412 while APC had 604.
However, the elections were marred by voter apathy as most of the polling units recorded low turnout of voters.
(Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)
Be First to CommentScotch Eggs5 from 1 vote Print...
_4<<
Cottage Cheese Pancakes….Yum!!!Print Cottage Cheese Pancakes Ingredients 6 eggs 1 1/2 cups lowfat cottage cheese 1 tablespooon sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup flour 1 teaspoon vanilla Instructions Mix all together and cook on a hot, well greased griddle....
Recent CommentsSo ITSam and I have been splitsville for a week and a day now.
Over the course of the last week, he's called and text me (misspelled words and poor grammar in said texts, which drives the English teacher in me nuts!!) over and over and over again. Oh yes, and don't forget the emails (did I mention the misspelled words and poor grammar in said texts, which drives the English teacher in me nuts!!). He professes his undying love for me- over and over and over again. He tells me he loves me, he wants to get back together, he begs, he cries, he waxes poetic about how great we were together, how it was a mistake to end it, blah, freakin', blah. I spend my time trying to not respond to any of it. And I have three email addresses so that's tough! (I thought about posting some of his texts and emails here and hosting an audience participation game. You could all respond for me and the best response gets a prize..... too much meanness from me to do that?)
I have spoken with him once. And that was when he was sobbing and blubbering and begging me to take him back- last Wednesday night. he made it all of two days. The creepy part was when I said no and was ready to hang up and he used a nasty voice- from tearful to evil in 1.2 seconds.
I also got a few nasty (mean) texts from him but I was nasty back.
It was pretty quiet over the weekend. He didn't contact me at all, minus one "miss you" text to which I didn't respond.
Here's the funny part: he's been telling me he loves me and wanting to get back together, reminding me he loved me so much he wants to marry me, BUT I found out that he's registered on an online dating site and has been active on it daily!!!!
Can you feel the love?
I read his ad and it's fairly accurate. I could add something things to the list though, but I bet it wouldn't garner him dates if ladies read: "has erectile dysfunction, been evicted more times than I can count on my fingers and toes, was arrested once for stalking ex-wife, son probably belongs to another man, I lie often, and am so desperate for a relationship that I just dumped my 'almost fiancee' 8 days ago but am on a dating site now. " (I could add lots more to this list but... I won't do that here. I think I'm being publicly mean, just enough. More would amount to me being a first rate "bitch") He went from get married to a dating site in less than 8 days. Wow.
Now I know why I haven't heard from him: he's got all his online dating emails and women to chat with instead of me. I hear you all sighing in relief.
When I said I felt he was a man who was so desperate to be loved and to be in a relationship that he would "love" anyone, I think I was right. I told XRayGirl this the day after he said "I love you" the first time and she thought I was being cynical. When I told her about the emails/ texts/ calls and then this dating site thing, she admitted she thought I was right. She also said, "You dodged a bullet." Ain't that the truth.
The one thing that has me just a little freaked out is that when I told my Photographer Friend she said I should make sure I'm safe. She "stalker" thing has her bothered and she said she "got a weird vibe" about him regarding that. His office at Alcatraz is in the same building I close at night when I do my night receptionist work. She's worried about me being there at night in case he would be. Now that seed is planted in my brain and I'm now the aforementioned a little freaked out. I honestly don' think he'd do anything to me, but I guess that what Ted Bundy's girlfriends thought. I'm not sure if she planted a seed that worries me or if I should legitimately be worried. I also work this coming Friday night.
And this is why I don't date. Some of it really has me sad, sort of; maybe disappointed. At one time I thought I would like to be friends with him, but that cannot obviously happen now. And it really is a bummer to know he didn't really love me- who knows if he really liked me even?- that he only needed (wanted?) a warm human to hold, regardless. I wasn't special, I was just there.
By the way, if he DOES call me and profess his undying love again, I plan on asking him how he can love me and want to marry me AND be on a dating site. Unless you give me some clever ideas of things I should say instead...
In the long run, regardless, I'm glad it's over,
Maggie
PS- geez, I just re-read this post and I see I gave you all sorts of homework assignments in here... (or you can see I asked for all sorts of advice...)
7 comments:
Be strong, and definitely let us have some fun with the game!
Oh, and if it makes you feel any better at all, if he turns all stalker-esque on you, keep in mind that I know professional killers. Baby killers, in fact, and a few of them owe me favours ;)
Is there anyone at Alcatraz that can walk you to your car at night? If not make sure you park as close to the door as you can and carry a really big flashlight with you that you can swing. I have one you can maybe borrow or I will buy you one. Metal and holds 5 D size batteries. Also please alert the admin. there of what has been going on. Or have Mac drive you to and from work. No one would mess with him with his size.
Run Maggie .. Run ~~ he has issues... I would be concerned about the stalker thingy... If he continues to call, write or text, take a restraining order out... Be thankful he is cruising the date scene online...
I'm with your photographer friend... Never under-estimate the potential severity of someone's psychosis. I have had two very unpleasant experiences that ended up involving the police, and I thought the guys weren't capable of that sort of nastiness. You can never be too sure, so it is always best to take precautions.
PS. The best way to "dig" at a guy is to remain absolutely calm, matter-of-fact, and completely indifferent when talking to them. They hate it, especially when they are being extremely emotional.
PSS. I would definitely ask him about the dating site. The fact that he was doing that while still with you is just icky.
Wiley- I know someone who knows killers? I like you more and more with each passing day...
Curley- I think if I hear nothing from him, since the last text was Saturday afternoon (right after we dropped you off as a matter of fact!) between now and Friday night, I'm not too concerned. BUT, even if the silence continues I'm going to have night security meet me and walk me to my car. (Thanks for the offer of the big flashlight. I have one! And I told Mac and he's ready to kick some ass. Trust me)
TaDa- I am very thankful he's moving to the online chickies, those poor souls! And thanks for the suggestion. I hope it certainly doesn't come to that since he's been quiet since Sat. afternoon!
Evil P- from what I can tell from poking around on the site, it doesn't look like he was doing that while we were together. regardless, he is just icky. And I am very calm and unemotional when I talk to him because it takes too much effort to even care.
I agree that you dodged a bullet. And I also agree with all the wise advice from the folks above. It's too easy to discount the "stalker" thing and then have it come back to bite you. Better safe than sorry! But if he's already moved on to a dating site, perhaps his attention is already elsewhere.
Why do some men have to be such weirdies? I had one that I never dated and who was much older AND my boss at a country club one summer drive three hours to my school after and profess his love with creepy cards and creepy him. EEEK!
Be careful indeed. :}My heart rate is around 180 beats per minute. It feels like somebody punched me in the solar plexus knocking the wind out of my body then gagging me, I struggle for breath.
Contents
Inpatient Dual Diagnosis Therapy Programs In Mason City Iowa 50401
Healing is possible for the person with the “problem” and the employer, family or buddy who accompany them in life. Addicting disease costs the United States labor force countless dollars every year, not just in the problems provided by the addicted, but also in the fallout that the family, companies and good friends attempt to tidy up, survive or cover up. Take an action today to obtain info, education, support or treatment as required. Prevention is essential as possible as diagnosis and healing.
When you are slimming down you can be causing some damage to your body. The amount of damage depends upon which technique of weight loss diet plans you are trying. However, numerous of dual diagnosis rehab the trend diet plans can damage your health without you even knowing it. By supplementing your weight reduction with Resveratrol you will be putting something into your body that will assist to fight the damage that might be being done to your body without your understanding.
What Makes Someone Addicted To Something?
Possibly my illness is making me see individuals in a different light. For the many part the clients on this ward appearance and act normal sufficient the majority of the time.
Mason City Iowa 50401 Holistic Dual Diagnosis Treatment Center
I have actually discussed my 6 years of working as a Mental Health Worker at a now-defunct personal psychiatric hospital. Jim was my charge nurse for about one-and-a-half years on a dual-diagnosis Adolescent unit. dual diagnosis treatment referred to its focus on both behavior problems and drug abuse. These teenagers were not just maladjusted and ill-behaved, but they were likewise abusing drugs. Possibly somewhat commonplace in today’s psychiatric places, back in 1989 it was scorching brand-new routes.
We had actually started marital relationship therapy, in conjunction with his dual diagnosis program therapy. He was being dealt with for anxiety at this point. I did feel at often times in these counseling sessions that I got more out of from them, due to the fact that I put so much more into them. He disliked the intrusion into our lives as he often called counseling. He forgot this was his depression and sometimes chose not to go. I would simply reschedule his visits. He was misdiagnosed as having bipolar affective disorder however when things continued to deteriorate, even more we got the early onset of Alzheimer’s.
Parents today are blamed and castigated for doing what they know ways to do – like their children. They were never ever sent out to parenting school and as an outcome (unless they were blessed with moms and dads who were good good example) have had to find out the way many of us do – by means of experimentation. Yes, mistake; a lot of them.
Thankfully, in the pursuit of marital peace, there are a fantastic many abilities couples can discover how to fight reasonable when dispute reveals up in their relationship.Try video counseling for aid.Teen Fucks Huge Pepsi Bottle
Teen fucks huge Pepsi bottle
Teen Fucks Huge Pepsi Bottle
Teen Fucks Huge Pepsi Bottle
Horny girl fucks a Pepsi bottle
Indian Beauty With Pepsi Bottle
Inserting Pepsi bottle
Fucking a pepsi bottle
Teen fucks huge bottle.
Veneisse extreme deep 1,5 L Pepsi bottle
Indian College Girl Megha Masturbating With Pepsi Bottle
hiding the pepsi bottle
Pepsi bottle
Stretching my asshole with a 1.5L Pepsi bottle
Pepsi Bottle
Sexy size queen slut fucks her huge pussy hole with a juice bottle
Double penetration with Pepsi and Coke bottles
Huge Cunt Fucks Big Bottle
str8 men has huge pepsi
SissyDavi fucks huge black cock
Big Ass Alysha Rylee Fucks A Huge Black Dick
Lucky bottle, boy fucks himself with bottle
Novinha safada bebendo pepsi ! Horny teen drinking pepsi!
teen fucks a bottle
Anus Pumping, Ass Fisting, and Anal Fuck With a Huge Bottle
hot blonde ass fuck huge bottle
Extreme In the Ass Fucking a Huge Bottle
Hot Slutty Ass is filled to the max with huge bottle
Lovely woman riding a huge bottle
1fuckdatecom Busty blond fucking huge bottle
Skinny teen riding huge bottle
Extreme Pussy Insertions Huge Dildo, Big Carrots &_ Bottle
HUGE CUMSHOT ORGASM ANAL RIDING BOTTLE
A Puta Da Pepsi
Pepsi Cola
She gapes as I fuck her asshole with huge bottle
Pussy goes better with Pepsi
Sexy Horny Girl Inserts A Pepsi In Her Cunt
Novinha sexy com uma pepsi !! Sem palavras !!! />
Fisting and fucking his GFs ass with a huge bottle
Brutally fisting and fucking her ass with a huge bottle
Japanese Girl - Huge Bottle
Huge Bottle
MILF Rides A Huge Bottle
Masochistic slut fisted and fucking a huge bottle
Anally fucking a HUGE water bottle
Skinny amateur fucking a huge cola bottle
Chacal de la Pepsi Masturbandose
Trabajadores de Pepsi en Venezuela Con Prostituta
Pepsi ColaS&P Update and Bearish News on Commodities; SLV Chart
In other news, lots of bearish stuff on commodities ...
Vale Will Cut Output as Credit Crunch Crimps World Iron-Ore, Metals Demand Cia. Vale do Rio Doce, the world's biggest iron-ore producer and second-largest nickel supplier, will lower output because the global credit crisis curbed metal demand.
Gold Futures Tumble 18% in October, Most in 28 Years, as Dollar Rebounds Gold futures fell, posting the biggest monthly decline in 28 years, as the dollar climbed, reducing the appeal of the precious metal as an alternative investment. Silver also fell.
Wheat Heads for Biggest Monthly Decline in 22 Years on Dollar's Strength Wheat fell for a second day as a worsening economic crisis and a rallying dollar erode global demand for supplies from the U.S., the world's biggest exporter of the grain.
Commodities Head for Worst Month in 52 Years as Economies Slow Worldwide Commodities headed for their worst month since at least 1956 on concern that a slump in global economic growth will sap demand for raw materials.
And 1 piece of of bullish news on oil ...
Crude Oil Rises as Colder Weather Increases U.S. Demand for Heating Fuels Crude oil rose, following heating fuels higher, on forecasts for lower temperatures in the Midwest next week.
And resource company news continues to be pretty good ...
Goldcorp Profit Rises Fourfold After Output Increases, Bullion Price Gains Goldcorp Inc., the world's second- largest gold producer by market value, said third-quarter profit rose fourfold because of higher bullion prices and a foreign- exchange gain.
Chevron profit doubles to $8 billion.
Finally, let's look at the SLV.
The SLV (Silver ETF) continues to consoliate Wednesday's rally and remains above the 10-day moving average (the blue line). Momentum indicators are turning bullish hinting that sideways to higher prices are possible near-term. Upside targets are 10.24 and then 12.50.
Have a good weekend.Cool Ghouls – A swirling fire burning through the rye (Empty Cellar Records)
There’s a great freshness about this brand of psych pop from San Francisco band Cool Ghouls.
Unlike many of today’s psych purveyors, they come at it from more of a roots than a shoegaze perspective. Think Creedence Clearwater Revival, for example, a phalanx of clean, jangly but strident guitars with buzzing riffs aplenty.
That’s not to say there aren’t some lovely fuzzy interludes - album opener and single ‘And it grows’ unleashes a great one just 2 minutes in, before reverting to thrilling core values.
But for the most part, the swingingly insistent tunes are carried by sharp sounds and banks of glorious Byrdsian harmonies, with the fuzz pedal being reserved for extra emphasis. The wonderful ‘What a dream I had’ is the perfect example, a hazy medium pacer that produces a guitar solo with a kick like a chilli pepper.
‘Orange light’ takes on the theme, uncoiling an Eastern European-sounding riff, before wrapping it in head-bopping 60s power pop.
After this blistering opening, the album goes on from strength to strength, finding space for a 7 minute epic (‘Insight’), and one top class pop song after another. ‘Get a feelin’ makes the Creedence influence more explicit with an enervating stalking blues.
Finding a track as good as ‘New moon’ down at the end of the album is testament to the overall quality of the songwriting.
It’s a wonderful album with an endearing fresh-faced demeanour. I like it a lot.I needed white, Chinese take-out boxes for a project I'm doing for my daughter's school this week. I went to several stores, with no luck. I finally drove across town to a huge craft store. I thought Surely, my Chinese take-out boxes will be available there! I searched high and low, but this store was HUGE. I ran out of steam and finally asked a store associate, "Where do you keep your white, Chinese take-out boxes?" She went to ask a fellow associate, and when she got back she told me, "I'm sorry. We don't have them right now. Apparently, they are a seasonal item."
What I want to know is What season is appropriate for white, Chinese take-out boxes?
7 comments:
Okay, that made me laugh. How do they figure seasonal items?
Ralph
Chinese New Years :)
My thoughts exactly!
How about just asking a Chinese take out for some extra boxes? I am always up for some free stuff!
I did find some multi-colored take-out boxes on clearance at another store. Next time, though, I will ask at my favorite restaurant! (Or go searching for them during Chinese New Year.) :)
I'm with Bob. Must be Chinese New Year!
No, no. Before Chinese New Year!At the moment, I’d say this second phase of potty training is going quite well. There’s been quite a lot of going out and about, and when that happens Ella is in pull-ups, so she isn’t out of nappies all of the time, but when she’s out of nappies, generally she has been very good. There haven’t been any real disasters to note, a couple of pees here and there that haven’t been in the potty. This morning she did pee in protest at not being given an ice-cream, and I’m not sure if she understood that the person most put out by that incident was Ella herself. We’ve got a pop-up potty for use when out-and-about, and I think that’s only been used successfully on one occasion. Not much exciting to report, really.
We had a trip to Marwell Zoo last week. Did Ella thoroughly enjoy seeing lots of new animals? I’m not sure. The thing she most enjoyed was the adventure playground, which was unfortunately completely rammed with children. I thought, while stood watching Ella and the hoards of children, that the zoo keepers and other members of staff must really be quite disappointed that the main point of interest for the kids were the slides and rope bridges, rather than the animals. She did like the giraffes, penguins, crocodile, and hippos, but she wasn’t all that ecstatic. The weather was very good, though. What she did miss out on was a trip either on the road train or the minature steam train – she would have liked that, but there wasn’t the time.
Tags: Ella, training, tripsThis pagoda of the Nguyen Dynasty includes an entrance hall including five compartments and an apse including three compartments. Tra Phuong Pagoda is one of the centers belonging to the Buddhist architectural system of the Mac Dynasty. First built under the Ly Dynasty (1010 - 1225), the pagoda was initially called Ba Dinh. It is said that the original pagoda was located on a hillock in the south which was 200m far from the current one. It is said that Mac Dang Dung once took refuge in the pagoda and escaped from his enemies. With the establishment of the Mac Dynasty (1527 - 1592), Dang Dung reconstructed the pagoda and renamed it as Thien Phuc.
Apart from normal festivals, the pagoda honors its founders on every lunar January 22. Tra Phuong Pagoda today is both a site of historical and cultural importance and a Mac Dynasty art museum of Hai Phong City.Everyclick 2010 press coverageView archive
The World Cup footballers who play just for kicks
Manchester Evening News
Great Britain's amputee football team are heading to the World Cup – after funding the trip themselves.
Can YouTube, Amazon and iTunes do more to help charities?
Civil Society
Gareth Jones wonders if charities could be working with the web giants to raise money as well as fighting against them.
Strong core is the key to Great North Run success
News Guardian
Who reading this, can squat? A stupid question? Maybe. But give it a go. Feet shoulder width apart, and squat all the way down with your feet flat on the ground.
Fundraising for the Lord Mayor's Appeal made easy
Lord Mayor's Appeal.
Here's a new easy way to raise money for THE LORD MAYOR'S APPEAL 2010 that does not involve parting with extra cash.
Charity walk from Braunston to London
Waterscape
What better way could there be to celebrate your 70th birthday than walking 102 miles from Braunston to London along the Grand Union Canal?
Start-ups secure funding as recovery kicks in
City A.M.
For those of us on the ground building businesses, a new reality is emerging as the recovery sets in.
The Cost-Free Way to Give Back to Your Community
Information Today
Recession, layoffs, high unemployment — all can make it hard for people to think about donating to charity.
Everest pizza tops off climb attempt
Sunderland Echo
A fund-raising challenge to climb Mount Everest has been given some unusual support for Wearsiders to get their teeth into.
Takeda backs British amputee football team for 2010 World Cup
Pharmiweb.com
A £5,000 donation from Takeda UK to the England Amputee Football Association (EAFA)...
Fund-raising bid hits new heights
Sunderland Echo
Wearside businesswoman Anne Ganley is going up in the world.We are continuously as a company committed to make positive actions to reduce our business impact on the environment. Reducing our waste and actively using recycled materials for our labelling and shortbread boxes.
Thank you for visiting our website, we hope we have left you hungry for more.
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any enquiries or for a distributor list, via email to info@teoniscookies.co.uk or complete and submit the form below.
We will get in touch with you as soon as possible, many thanks.
The Prospects for a New Distribution Channel - As Retailers Embrace 3G Mobile Services When Will Consumers Follow?
This insight reviews the current and future factors that are likely to influence the drive for mass market adoption of the 'Mobile Internet' as a distribution channel. Third-Generation (3G) services first became a commercial proposition two years ago promising enriched data services to consumers. Demand for data services is still relativelty unproven at mass market - level but consumers have already shown a willingness to purchase ringtones and wallpapers through their mobile phone. On-line shopping has had a dramatic effect on consumer purchasing behaviour, this insight discusses the conditions under which shopping through a mobile device can achieve similar results.
- 1. Overview
- 2. Landscape
Tools
Features of this research
SUBSCRIPTIONS
- Mobile & Wireless Communications, Industry Research, Global
- Information & Communication Technology, Industry Research, Global
- Mobile & Wireless Communications, Industry Research, Europe
Help Desk
For more information and general enquiries, contact Frost & Sullivan near you.
Select a location near you..Two new plays.
I wrote Marley & Rachel the first few weeks back in New York in July, 2006 after living in New Zealand for a year. A 9/11 play about the homeless. From the media release:
Double amputee War Vet Marley and the newly homeless New Zealander Rachel experience the moments just before and after Tower One is attacked in a memorable dramatic situation. Performed by New Zealand actors Kazz Funky Blue and Paulette McIndoe. Directed by Neil Furby. There was a staged reading of this play in November, 2006 in New York at Tribes Gallery. The actors were Dawn D'Arcy, Sean St. James and Marilyn Beck.
"In the Cellar of My Heart" I wrote the first draft in Kentucky, staying with my sister Karen. After a traumatic month of taking care of my cousin Billy Haines' funeral in Canada. Billy died from an overdose under mysterious circumstances. I wanted to write about death since it wouldn't leave me alone. In the Cellar is about a woman who isolates to the point of despair.
From the media release:
A woman’s dead son walks into her room as she takes an over dose of pills. Will she slip off the mortal coil and be seduced by pills and booze, or will she keep the promise she made to her son when he was born. Solo performance by Canadian American artist Diane Spodarek. Directed by Diane Spodarek.
To review and get comp tickets: dianespodarek@earthlink.netIn today's interview post she talks about her own childhood and her writing research.
In our next post, Robin tells us more about her literary heroines and hero's, as well as her writing/ publishing schedule.
COMPETITION: For a chance to win a copy of one of her novels, make sure you're a follower of this blog and tell us in the comments below by the end of January 2016, which of her books you'd be most intrigued to read and why?
Goodluck. See you tomorrow.
LINKS
Thanks Robin for agreeing to do this wonderful interview. Part #2 tomorrow. Madeleine x
My pleasure! Thank you for a great interview! x
Hi Madeleine and Robin - what a lovely cheerful interview. Fascinating to find out how people started their writing careers ... and clever to tie all the loose ends into a satisfying murderous plot line for your two detectives. I read lots of Agatha Christie, Ngaio Marsh etc growing up ... and loved Maigret once it hit the tv!!
Still the two detectives stand out .. and will inspire other readers to write and uncover plots .. cheers Hilary
Thanks Hilary, Yes she's written some great stories and I've certainly learned lots about new authors, that you also mention, to get my teeth into with #2 of Robin's interview.
Pleasure to meet you, Robin! Your MG books sound like fun reads. Thanks for introducing us, Madeleine.
Thansk Emily. Yes it's been a pleasure hosting Robin. I hope you enjoy tomorrow's installment too.
I'm so glad you enjoyed the interview, Emily! Thank you.
Hi, Madeleine.
I love the way this post was set up in easy to read, professionally done bites.
Robin, sounds like you live your writing;)
Thank you Sandra, lovely compliments. :O)
What a great interview Madeleine and Robin. The books look like great reads. I'm looking forward to part 2 tomorrow xx
Lovely to hear Teresa :O)
Thank you, Teresa!
Great interview. I am a big fan of crime novels too. It is one of my favourite genres. Comfort reading (which makes me sound like a sick puppy).
Absolutely comfort reads! I think they're very important to have - everyone needs them!
Congrats to Robin! A wonderful interview. The book sounds like so much fun. :)
Thanks Christine. Yes Robin's books are really great!
Thank you, Christine!Saturday, June 18, 2016
A BUMBLING MISSPOKEN DICTATORSHIP OF RELATIVISM?
The reason for this is that carrying the cross that is laid upon our shoulders or we choose takes a great deal of human and divine strength. It is too easy to go with what the world teaches rather than God's design which is available to believer and non believer through natural law.
Thus I have found Pope Francis liberal pastoral theology made almost into a doctrine or dogma very disconcerting because it is the old "new" morality of the 1960's and 70's which I was taught in the major seminary between 1976 through 80. It was and is a disaster for the Church and individual souls. I blame the sexual abuse crisis as well as the sexual immorality of Catholic clergy and laity upon this old "new" morality because it relativizes everything and makes Scripture and Tradition in terms of morality out to be time and culturally constrained. This allows for its manipulation by what is called "development." Thus what was once considered immoral is manipulated into being moral. This is the dictatorship of relativism of the heretics of the new morality born slightly after Vatican II and very much a result of the sexual revolution of the 1960's.
Worse yet, in fact the worst, is to hear the Supreme Pontiff of the Catholic Church bloviate about this, that and the other in off-the-cuff remarks that shows his complete insensitivity to those of us who are trying our best to be both pastoral and docrtrinally sound. As well we know that the way of the Episcopal Church and other liberal Protestant denominations in moral relativism has been the death knell for them. Why should the Catholic Church through a pope's off-the-cuff bloviating be dragged down this same destructive path? It is beyond my comprehension.
Thus Pope Francis' most recent opinionated off-the-cuff remarks (and these are not magisterial, btw) hit me in two ways:
1. When His Holiness said that the majority of "SACRAMENTAL" marriages were invalid, I don't think His Holiness was thinking. His Holiness misspoke. He must have meant marriages or marital unions because if a marriage is proven to be SACRAMENTAL(and all Catholic marriages are presumed to be sacramental) through a very strict canonical process, it cannot be ever considered invalid. This misspeak on Pope Francis' part is inexcusable for a pope but forgivable.
2. Worse yet is to confirm people in cohabiting prior to marrying in the Church. Canon Law governs marriage of Catholics although we know that Pope Francis has a 1970's mentality about canon law as being small minded rules. Nevertheless none of us is dispensed from canon law unless a bishop dispenses us. And yes a bishop could dispense from the Catholic form of marriage but not from natural law or Scripture and Tradition as it regards sexual morality.
Yes, it is true that in the early centuries of the Church all that it took for a marriage to be a sacrament was for a Christian man and woman who had no impediments to simply move into!
The Church has always required that not only Canon Law recognize Catholic marriages by following the law but that civil or secular law must be followed as well for a valid marriage.
Pope Francis may be suffering from old age which muddies his thought processes. If so we can cut him some slack. If His Holiness misspeaks are actually what His Holiness believes and wants to teach in this fashion as a way to change Catholic doctrine and morality intentionally, we have a very serious moral, canonical and psychological problem on our hands which can only be rectified by the college of bishops in union with the pope. Lay people and other clergy can voice their concerns but only the hierarchy can deal with this-- and that's the way it is!
The Church has experienced worse from popes in the past and yes, this too will pass by the grace of God!
Posted by Fr. Allan J. McDonald at Saturday, June 18, 2016
64 comments:
If we take the Fernandez line (that Francis has a revolutionary agenda) then his sowing of confusion is part of a wider game-plan. The alternative is that he is himself confused.
Whatever the case, it would appear that many of those who elected him have had second thoughts, which suggests that they will not make the same mistake next time.
Does the Holy Father have no confidant to tell him how this sort of thing harms him and the Church?
AS long as the Holy Father remains Pope, and possesses the power of speech, he will offer off-the-cuff remarks that spur controversies of his making. He will also offer remarks that liberals, traditionalists, and conservatives, within and without the Church, will misrepresent to advance their respective causes. That is the reality that we face in regard to the Holy Father.
Pax.
Mark Thomas
In your new parish, have you, or will you tell the people about your blog and invite them to participate?
Confusion, making confusion is the "spirit of V-2".
Father, I agree with you on both the Pope’s comments and those who brought relativism into our Church. I was at a retreat recently for those in diaconal formation. There were some of us in our first year and some in their third year who attended. In addition, there were several deacons there as instructors or to help facilitate the retreat.
Over the 5 days, I made it a point to talk with every deacon and discovered a huge difference between the ones who were ordained more than 10 years ago and those who were more recently ordained.
It seemed the older deacons were on the “pastoral” side, while the newer ones were more orthodox. I found a tendency among the older ones to be a bit dismissive of the supernatural side of our faith. By supernatural, I mean a de-emphasis on grace and the working of the Holy Spirit.
I had a conversation with one about his homily on the sacrament of confession. He mentioned that not many at his parish went to confession, like almost never, so he was urging them to go. However, he focused completely on the natural side of it. He talked about how it felt good to confess to another person rather than just yourself and God. When I said, “they also don’t receive any grace by not confessing to a priest”, he said he doesn’t bring up grace.
It almost seems that besides a relativistic tendency regarding doctrine, they also don’t really believe in the supernatural part of our Church, the effects of sacraments, infused virtue and grace, the real presence of our Lord in the Eucharist or the parting of the veil between heaven and earth in the Mass.
We were also told about a rift between the older deacons and the newer ones. This rift was about one group wearing clericals while the other doesn’t for which the latter accuses the former of clericalism. One of the older deacons said he was at this retreat because he couldn’t stand the meetings with his peers because they are just “bitch sessions”. He needed company of the newer deacons and us in formation in order to grow as a deacon. Our diocese is working on this rift and hopefully the discord will be lessened.
In my opinion, the split is due to poor formation in years past. It used to be pretty loose and was only a 2 year program. Now it is a 5 year program and very thorough concerning faith and doctrine. I am extremely happy with it and hope to be ordained in 2020.
Vianney1100
And just when did we experience worse from pope's? And don't bring up Alexander VI or the first John XXIII. They like every other human being on the planet had personal sins. This pope has publicly said that people living in objective SIN are in a valid marriage and receive grace from God. That is heresy....and you know it. I would rather Francis have a mistress then to spew heresy. Personal sins are forgivable but when he tries to distort and change what God Himself has commanded I say NO! He has to go.
The Magisterial Heresy -1 (Updated June 18, 2016)
Magisterial Heresy -2 (Updated June 18, 2016)
Magisterial Heresy-3 (Updated June 18, 2016 )
"We are nearing the end. Everyone will fall into heresy. Everyone will fall into error because wicked clergy, as St. Pius X predicted, have found their way into the Church and occupied it. They have spread errors from the positions of authority they occupy in the Church." - Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre
Anonymous:
“[T]he parting of the veil between heaven and earth in the Mass”
Thank you for this thought-provoking and inspiring formulation. It deserves to be emphasized.!
People from Argentina when Francis was elected commented that it was a disaster for the Church. They have been proven right. They said the Church was in an abysmal state in Argentina when he was Cardinal, and now he has extended that to the whole of the Church.
This latest comment that sacramental marriages are probably null is going to offend a lot of Catholics just as his comments about breeding like rabbits offended a lot of Catholics.
And I see nothing changes - we got the stock reply from Mark Thomas.
Anonymous 2,
Anonymous is simply repeating basic Catholic theology. As Pope Emeritus Benedict once put it, "we all look together at the One whose Death tore the veil of the Temple, the One who stands before the Father for us and encloses us in His arms in order to make us the new and living Temple".
Mark Thomas is like the Pope's parrot. Anon 2 is the Pope's apologist and is able, as are the academics in Swift and Pope, "to bend a word ten-thousand ways.?\"
Sorry, Jan. That is simply my understanding of things. His Holiness Pope Francis has offered his share of puzzling, off-the-cuff remarks. He also has offered perfectly orthodox comments that right-wingers and left-wingers have misrepresented to advance their respective agendas.
Pax.
Mark Thomas
Fr John Hunwicke, whose scholarship and orthodoxy I greatly respect, and who does not post comments disrespectful of the Holy Father, today described his papacy as 'calamitously dysfunctional'.
One cannot but agree. In today's Gospel Our Lord admonishes him that would say to his brother 'Thou fool'; but to point out that his words are foolish (and in this case profoundly mistaken) is surely an act of charity.
I look forward to Fr. Allan as our new pastor at St. Anne. He will be thought provoking, and challenge us to take the step to deepen our faith.
With that said, I for one have mixed emotions on our pope. This is my advice, unless you talk to him directly, you are all judging him by what others write about him. You don't really know what is in his heart, or what his intent really means. I ask you to pray on the matter. And search your own heart as to what his message meant. I for one will not judge him, but will pray that his intent is pure and a message truly from God. Don't read the bad, but pray for the positive.
!"
Quite the condemnation - all without merit.
Apostasy, to Gene, means that Pope Francis does not use the words and phrases he wants him to use.
Deceit, to Gene, means that Pope Francis doesn't see the world in the same Manichean manner Gene does. Nuance is not Gene's long suit.
Leftist, Liberation theology, to Gene, means that Pope Francis actually believes in the Church's Social Doctrine and uses it to instruct. (Cue Gene's dismissal of the Church's Social Doctrine as "hogwash" or worse.)
Anybody with a modicum of theological understanding, to Gene, means anyone who agrees with his own overly-Protestant, overly-Calvinist theology. Although there are many with far greater theological understanding than Gene who are very much in favor of Pope Francis' words and actions, he will dismiss them as rank amateurs.
Gene is amazed that priests and lay Catholics defend the pope, revealing Gene's continual romance with his Protestant underpinnings and his unwillingness to recognize that Catholicism doesn't work like Protestant denominations.
That the Church is under judgment is nothing new, and it certainly did not begin with Pope Francis, Pope Paul VI, Saint Pope John XXIII, or Vatican Two. Gene is as much to blame for the judgment of God as we all are, sinners in need of God's mercy.
Anonymous, I disagree with everything except your last sentence. You need to look up Manichaeism... I am about as far from that as one can be. So, go ahead and continue apologizing for the Pope. Enjoy.
Anonymous:
“Nuance is not Gene's long suit.”
I hope you don’t mind if I appropriate this comment of yours as my response to Gene’s comment about me bending words. It seems particularly apt.
Pope Francis has since revised his remarks to refer to “a portion” rather than “the great majority” of marriages:
Also, one assumes that by “sacramental” he means marriages performed according to the sacrament of holy matrimony in the Church as opposed to according to the formalities of civil law.
Dialogue (at 10:12 a.m.):
Yes, I understand that. But I like Anonymous’ pithy formulation and thought it deserved to be highlighted.
"This misspeak on Pope Francis' part is inexcusable for a pope but forgivable."
Of course, every sin is forgivable in a theological sense. But, for a pope to "misspeak" in error on a matter of belief and morals, is really not forgivable in any meaningful colloquial sense. Surely his paramount obligation in his primary role as defender of the faith is to never, ever mislead the faithful in any way whatsoever, when he could avoid it with humility in silence, never speaking fatuously in ignorance. Not for nothing did Fr. Adrian Fortescue once suggest that a pope never speak or write anything not vetted verbatim in advance by all the pertinent Vatican dicasteries.
The problem is that we mere laity are not left without a clear signal, without clear marching orders. The western anti-Catholic secular hedonist elites are on the march through our American society. They've co-opted the federal government and the fortune 500. They've undermined the Boy Scouts and every other institution that might provide a point to rally behind in defense of classic Western values and virtues. Now everyone is being made to not just applaud every new sexual fad but to subsidize the spread of such in public and private.
We are given no leadership in how to respond to Islam - other than to pretend it's a religion of peace - and be encouraged to welcome millions of Muslims into our country as the price of being 'civilized'. Ditto with every other ethnic group imported with nary a consideration that they first renounce their old allegiances. They'll be voting in this election using nothing but state drivers' licenses as proof of ID.
I've known greencard holders - legal resident aliens who have gotten Jury duty summons and other invitations that are authorized only for citizens because the threshold is the honor system.
So as Catholics we are not being defended and as Citizens we are not being defended. The fix is in. We're told that all we honor and believe in is passé and that the new program is the inevitable wave of the future against which resistance is futile.
This is why I suspect we will live to see a bloody persecution against Christians within 20 years. There is no internal brake or control within the secular world or in Islam that would keep the radicals from pushing the envelope ever more and more into the utterly insane and self-destructive.
For the sake of the 'FEELINGS' of 0.8% of the population, entire states are being forced by Fortune 500 companies into capitulating to bathroom codes. Our feelings as representatives of 23% of the population apparently count for nothing. 3% of the population are Muslims but it appears the country's new policy is to boost that to 6% as quickly as possible and for what end? The radical chicanos and Mexican activists openly speak of Atzlan - seizing the American South West and returning it to Mexico.... and so the powers that be fling open the border and allow millions of illegals to flood our borders without concern for safety or even health (witness the TB outbreaks all over the place).
The center cannot hold. We're told to get with the program or be steamrolled. And people wonder why guns are flying off the shelves? But guns won't save us. Not without leadership.
Anonymous at 5:57 yesterday (and why do you refuse to identify yourself? You can always sign off with a monicker that would not reveal your true identity):
Gene may be forthright but he is consistent. Your caricature of his views is grotesque. Who are these theologians who are so much in favour of Francis's words and actions? Can we have some names, please?
Gene, since anonymous @ 5:57 yesterday disagrees with all your remarks that he quotes--says they're "all without merit"--I infer that he thinks Francis IS senile. If so, our pope must surely by now set a new record for longevity while senile, having maintained publicly the same views for several decades.
John, I think Anonymous at 5:57 is Kavanaugh or a twin that he excreted. His very caricatures of my positions reveal that he knows nothing of theology, just like Kavanaugh. But, don't you just love the term "nuanced?" LOL! Liberals and academics love the word because it helps them avoid really standing for anything....well, I'm taking a "nuanced" approach. Right. I have trouble seeing anything "nuanced" in the Creeds and Church Dogma. I don't recall Christ being "nuanced" in His speech, either.
Gene (at 1:32 p.m.):
Spoken like the True Believer you seem to be. This seems an appropriate occasion on which to repeat a comment I posted several months ago in a response to;
(5) They are quite prepared to break this crooked timber in the process when necessary. Thus, when they have had access to the means, True Believers have probably been responsible for more oppression, death and destruction throughout history than any other group, including those who overtly seek external goods such as power, wealth, or fame as ends in themselves;
.
I have to admit I'm fairly scandalized by this controversy.
I agree that the state of catechesis has been deplorable for 40 years (and whose fault has this been? Sure as heck not the fault of traditional/conservatives!). I agree that the anti-Catholic secular world has been promoting no-fault divorce and the sexual revolution for 50 years or more and have succeeded in hoodwinking most low information people into thinking that their norms are permanent and legitimate and all traditional norms are passé and old hat....
But I don't agree that "the vast majority of Catholic marriages are null" because how would anyone know? How could we invert the premise of canon law from a presumption of innocence to a presumption of guilt when it comes to actual sacramental marriage and then flip the presumption of guilt and innocence when it comes to co-habitation? How could a Pope go from general trends in society to certainty as to the status of untold hundreds of millions of marriages within the Catholic Church?
Our Lord said "the man who divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery against his wife". No "nuance". No quibbles about the internal forum or the man's limited catechesis or social pressure. No loopholes based on what constitutes full knowledge and consent. How could a man NOT know that leaving his wife and taking up with another woman was wrong? How could a man who publicly made an oath to God to be faithful and exclusive to this woman "until death do us part" not understand what faithful and exclusive and 'death do us part" mean?
The Jews had a divorce culture. They readily accepted that a man might divorce his wife with a writ, a public declaration formally dissolving his ties to her, following the Law of Moses. So Our Lord was not ignorant to the 'nuances' involved when he stated that what God has joined no man can put asunder (including the husband writing a writ of divorce!).
We don't believe in polygamy whereby a man might have 1 wife he separates from and marry a second wife with whom to raise a family such that the second union is not adulterous against the first wife's claims.
But to hear theologians and the Pope speak one would get the impression that either we can't presume first marriages to actually be valid....or that regardless of the sacramental reality, all that matters is the FEELINGS of the couple in a second or tertiary union. The feelings of the abandoned spouse and children apparently are of no particular concern.
If this is so then why would the man need the 'internal forum' to begin with if his conscience (heavily based on his feelings) was satisfied with his new and successful (i.e. emotionally satisfying) union? If we're justifying divorce and remarriage AND justifying sexual activity outside of one's sacramental marriage, of what purpose would confession or counsel in the 'internal forum' provide?
If we effectively, DE FACTO remove all stigma from co-habitation on the presumption that it's more likely genuine marriage than a church wedding.... how will we put the toothpaste back into the tub? The sexual revolution will have won at the core of all societies: marriage. No one will be able to know whether genuine marriage has occurred or not.
But it gets worse - if the ex post facto problems of spouses mean we must presume no valid marriage took place, what of Baptism or Confirmation or....Orders?
If we can presume the wedding wasn't a valid sacrament because of the ignorance or socially brainwashed provisionalism of the participants, why not presume no priest or bishop ordained since 1968 are in fact validly ordained?
After all, goose-gander. One opens these sorts of cans of worms at their own peril but the Pope apparently doesn't see the fire he's playing with or how many untold millions are going to get burnt by occasions of sin this is causing millions to doubt their union while reinforcing others in their cohabitation....
Father,
Relating to religious marriages, I'd like to see a first source on this:
"Yes, it is true that in the early centuries of the Church all that it took for a marriage to be a sacrament was for a Christian man and woman who had no impediments to simply move in to!"
I don't believe it for a moment. The Jews certainly solemnized their marriages liturgically. The very idea that early Catholics would not have I find highly unlikely. Sounds like some of that balderdash they foisted on you guys in seminary.
Jon,
Even today it is possible for a totally isolated man and woman to enter into a sacramental marriage without ceremony, if no licit minister of the Church is available for 30 days. You won't find the first source you request because there is no evidence of an early marriage rite for Christians.
Anonymous Anonymous 2 said...
Pope Francis has since revised his remarks to refer to “a portion” rather than “the great majority” of marriages:"
That certainly doesn't improve his statement one jot ...
I have suspected for a while that Anonymous and Anonymous 2 are one and the same people - perhaps exemplified in their dislike of Gene and their vitriolic comments against him. The majority of Gene's statements are straight out Catholic truths that I was brought up with, which liberals eschew. That is not surprising because Fr Kavanagh, Anonymous 2 and Cardinal Kasper have all been poured out of the same mold.
Henry, Jusadbellam and others have made some great statements about marriage.
I also agree with Jon that the first Christians would have continued with their earlier Jewish practices of solemnization of marriage. Can anyone imagine they would have suddenly decided it was okay to jump into bed together and declare a marriage? Done in the middle of the night who would know? Next day they could then jump into bed with someone else and declare that a marriage. This is a practice which Kasper and his ilk - and now even Francis - seem to be advocating is okay. Francis as Pope going to far as to say those cohabiting may be in more of a marriage than those solemnizing marriage in the Church is absolutely devastating. For him to promote confession on one hand and make a statement like that on the other is to coin Ed Peters' term "incoherent". Thankfully, most of his statements boil down to mere [erroneous] opinion and can be ignored but the grave seriousness for those who may be led into sin and even to hell by such comments is impossible to deny.
Anonymous 2, You are playing word games. You are so spineless that you believe that anyone who seriously follows the Faith and actually believes in the articles of the Creed and the teachings of Christ is some kind of fanatic. You really are more small minded than those whom you accuse of the same...just another academic castrato who cannot avoid condescension towards others because it is in your DNA.
Jan:
I was merely sharing information about a revision the Pope made in his remarks. My intent was descriptive, not evaluative.
I can assure you that Anonymous and Anonymous 2 are not the same person.
The majority of Gene’s comments are not straight out Catholic truths. They are vitriolic attacks on other people. I leave the vitriol to Gene and his ilk. My suggesting that he is a True Believer is not vitriolic. Here is the definition of vitriolic: “extremely biting or caustic; sharp and bitter.” Please compare my comment with his attack on Pope Francis and priests and lay Catholics who seek to defend the Holy Father at 6:40 a.m. yesterday and you should be able to see the difference.
Gene:
See my response to Jan above.
Anonymous 2, Gene."
I don't find that vitriolic. However, I do find calling Gene a "True Believer", and the accompanying explanation for that, to be vitriolic because "vitriolic" means "filled with bitter criticism or malice", and in calling Gene a "True Believer" I think there is a malicious intent there.
The vast majority of Gene's statements on the Church are fundamentally what was taught prior to Vatican II and are, essentially, what traditional Catholics still believe. Church teaching since Vatican II has been so watered down that we now have even a Pope saying that, in some cases, cohabiting can be a real marriage while the vast majority [now revised to 'a portion'] of sacramental marriages are null. Obviously, in doing that the Vatican has heard the outcry from Catholics about this latest statement and are trying to temper it, but it is too late to reel it back in. Anyway, we haven't heard the usual "spin" about the Pope's words being taken out of context so obviously the Vatican wishes that statement to remain.
Mark Thomas has been remarkably quiet. Even he must be having difficulty finding some kind of spin to put on it to make it more palatable.
Jan, you and I agree on most things, so I suppose that makes you a True Believer, too. LOL! I laugh sometimes because the fundamentals of all this are so simple. After four years of college philosophy and theology, five years of grad school in theology and Church history, a lifetime of theological and Biblical study and twenty years as a protestant pastor it all comes down to this: either you believe that Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, literally born of a Virgin, literally performed miracles (I am talking about things that defy the natural order, not some BS allegorical stuff), and literally (again, like you could have gotten it with your little digital camera) got up and walked out of the tomb...or you do not believe it. If you do believe it, then the Articles of the Creed and the Christological truths embodied in the EF follow from it. If God is Sovereign and Jesus Christ is His son, Incarnate Divinity given as the ONLY (necessary and sufficient) Sacrifice for our salvation, then the humility, awe, and mystical, non-rational elements of the Mass also follow from it. Until Vatican II, the Mass recapitulated the worship of the Children of Israel, full of awe and mystery, it elevated the role of the Priest, and humbled both Priest and laity before the terrible majesty of God and the incomprehensible humility of the Son. This was lost in both the theology and the practice of the Vatican II Church.
Now, if you do not believe this, nothing else really matters. The Church is pretty much a meaningless social organization which must stumble along seeking to do good works and create some kind of humanist "good society' (a Biblical oxymoron), while trying to convince an increasingly skeptical flock that she still embodies and believes the Doctrinal truths I mentioned above. So, we basically have a two-faced theology and Mass...we must fool the people (with their beliefs in magic and mystery...hocus pocus, if you will), while schmoozing (a theological term) them into accepting a social/humanist philosophy. This Pope is the man for this season, doctrinally indifferent, humanistic in his orientation, and inscrutable in his speech. It is no wonder that the Kaspers Kavanaughs and the Anon 2s love him. He can talk out of both sides of his mouth and never even frown.
Thank you for the compliment, Gene. Yes, I am a True Believer, in the sense that I truly believe everything I was taught by good nuns and priests. And, yes, those are the things that we must believe. God is all powerful and nothing is impossible to Him, but it seems these days God is limited by people who just do not seem to have faith enough to believe, and yet we are told if we had faith the size of a grain of a mustard seed we could move mountains.
St Gertrude the Great, if she lost a needle, would put her hand out for God to place the needle in her hand, as she said, rather than she waste time looking for it. Of course, she was answered so great was her faith in God. St Therese said that prayer is the thing that makes God say yes when He means no, and He is the fulcrum she said that the saints have used through prayer to change the world - the thing that Archimedes couldn't do because he relied on worldly things. But if people don't have faith, how can they pray? How can they believe in an all powerful God without faith?
That is what I think has been lost. Many can't believe that Christ is the Son of God, born of the Virgin Mary, who suffered and died on a cross for our sins and rose from the dead, because they want proof. [And yet they have the proof in front of their eyes in the Shroud of Turin, but still they won't believe.] They can't work out the Mystery of the Blessed Trinity so they don't believe in the Blessed Trinity. They don't believe Christ had the power to work miracles and so they say St Peter walked not on water but on a submerged reef. Christ didn't work the miracle of the loaves and fishes but those gathered with him felt ashamed and so produced their hidden food which fed the multitude! It is endless the stories that those without faith come up with to explain away miracles.
It is said that "in those days" people will be blinded and it seems to me they are and we are "in those days". To put it simply, if there is a white panel on the wall and someone comes along and insists it is black you could put every color of the spectrum next to it and slowly eliminate each color, this is red, this is green, until you came to the end where there is only a white panel and a black panel left. You could say "That panel is black and that panel is white" - but even after all the elimination and the explanation some would still be convinced in their own minds that the white panel was black, and no amount of arguing with them is going to change their mind. They are literally blind.
They say that Faith is a gift and maybe we just have to accept that some people have not been given it and leave it to God to sort them out.
Jan said, "...Faith is a gift and maybe we just have to accept that some people have not been given it and leave it to God to sort them out."
You have an excellent understanding of both St. Augustine and John Calvin...a fine theological synthesis in my (Jansenist) estimation.
Quite right, Jan. Not all men are predestined by God to receive the gift of Faith. It is a mystery that is not for us to understand.
BTW, I am re-reading for about the third time, De Trinitate, by St. Augustine. I highly recommend it, but it is not bedtime reading. I am always gratified to see how much of Augustine is in John Calvin and how the roots of both Calvinism and Catholicism lie there in St. Augustine. There should have (and possibly could have) been some better synthesis (Calvin/Catholicism) post-Reformation, but the counter-Reformation went its own way and a reunion became an impossibility. All modernists have been able to offer is the pitifully flawed and theologically insipid Vatican II, an insult to both protestants and Catholics.
Before his death St. JP2 gave a homily where he wondered aloud about the line in the Gospel referring to the end days and whether anyone would keep the faith. I've always wondered about that line too....until most recently when it seems as though more and more people who were nominally Catholic are waking up to discover not that the world is Arian but that the world is Atheist.
As I pointed out, the world Jesus encountered was full of all manner of natural and unnatural vice. The Jewish nation was full of men who had divorced their wives and taken second or third wives. Divorce of course was common among the Pagans too. So when Our Lord taught that "from the beginning" a man would leave mother and father and cling to his wife and the two would become one, and that consequently anyone who abandons his wife and marries another commits adultery against her... he was fully aware of the 'nuance' and messy condition of humanity. But he gave no loop hole for vice.
How then can any theologian think that Our Lord is wrong? That there must be some convoluted, contortions we might undertake to finangle a way to allow divorce and remarriage and subsequent sexual activity with the second woman that isn't adultery or if it is, it's OK because....reasons or because...feelings?
The internal forum does not annul the public forum doctrine. It exists to better explain and implement the public forum not undermine and subvert it!
Jan:
There you go again, selectively quoting to support your point while ignoring completely the following language Gene used in reference to Pope Francis:
Apostacy
Deceit
Leftist, liberation theology
Wallowed in the mire of Third World politics
Steadfastly working to undermine [law and doctrine]
Disaster for the Church
An insult to anybody with a modicum of theological understanding
I have no malicious intent towards, Gene, none whatsoever. I would be happy to meet him and break bread with him whenever he chooses. But I will stand up to his bullying tactics and his denigration of the Holy Father. I stand by what I say about Gene being a True Believer as I define that term. In doing so, I take into account his many other posts on other subjects as well as this thread.
And yes, I defend Pope Francis, just as I have defended Pope St. John Paul II and Pope Benedict. I am no less a Catholic than you because I support our current Holy Father. In fact, just having to write that sentence seems absurdly ironic.
JusadBellum:
Can you please clarify—There seems to be a tension in your observations. On the one hand, you seem to be relying upon a type of Biblical fundamentalism, yet on the other you refer to the “public forum,” which I take to be canon law and its judicial system, which certainly does recognize “nuance.”
Anonymous 2, the truth is that Gene and all Catholics have a right to expect that the Pope will uphold Catholic teaching - that is the bottom line. If the Pope accepts the gift of a hammer and sickle, if he upholds liberation theology then I am not surprised that Gene is scandalized and has expressed righteous indignation. Catholics can't afford to pussyfoot around when the Faith is at stake as it is and it is, in fact, a disaster for the Church. The following article sums up what many Catholics are thinking:
After thoughtful prayer for several years I am considering a change of faith. I am not a young person. I have been a devoted Catholic. When out Pope attempts to reach out and embrace ALL people not mater what color, gender, social status and sexual identity and a many priests disrespect him in this way seems to be the icing on the top of the cake. These posts are full of sarcastic remarks written in red, insults to our Church leader and it appears to me that most of the comments are written by priests. Making fun of women, priests who attempt to help rebuild a church after a storm (with hints that his dress for that occasion would turn people on) well this is just shameful. Making fun of people in the congregation who must be mentally ill attempting to imitate the priests manners during mass, mocking what people wear to church, insulting where the Pope has decided to live, implying that there is something "evil" a conspiracy theory agenda with the Pope. These are just shameless words that may affect many who might consider joining our faith. I have written the Bishop and have asked him to please review these posts and use his judgement and prayer and see if he feels that holy men who are to be shepherds to a flock are the types of individuals that would put in writing insults such as these towards the Lord's Chosen leader of the church. Everyone has a right to their own opinion and freedom of speech. What hurts me is the insulting behaviors and the attitudes with no humility that some of these writings suggest. To mock women who wish to serve the lord, to insult the Holy Father, and to indicate that the Laity are somehow not as qualified to serve the lord as a fancy dressed up priest...... I will write the bishop and encourage others to do the same. He needs to read what his shepherds write. Knowing the man personally I don't think he will put up with it long.
Jan:
Once someone buys into a particular narrative about people subsequent events are readily interpreted and understood as being within that narrative rather than within another one because of confirmation bias. So it is with Pope Francis, Muslims, or pretty much anyone else. We are all prone to this and we all have to try to resist it as much as possible.
I read the article you linked. Much of it focuses on the Pope’s latest comments about marriage. I recognize the risk the author notes of giving up too easily on a marriage. I saw this on my own parents, who went through a very bad patch indeed for about four years beginning when I was twelve years old but who persevered and ended up with a very good marriage. This said, the author also takes things too lightly when he says
“For a Catholic marriage to be valid all that is needed is the freedom to marry, consent from both parties, and the intention to marry for life and be open to children. That’s it.
Over the years, some clerics have used an interpretation of canon law to suggest ‘emotional immaturity’ can be a reason for not understanding the responsibilities of marriage, and therefore as invalid and open to annulment. But marriage is not hard to understand, and the Catholic rite of marriage, as well as the preparation couples go through beforehand, makes clear what marriage involves.
For Pope Francis to say the great majority of marriages are null implies that the great majority of Catholic are ignorant fools who cannot understand the responsibilities of a bedrock of society that has existed for thousands of years.”
The following 2007 commentary explains why matters are not quite as simple as the author suggests:
After analyzing the circumstances that can vitiate proper consent the author concludes:
“Given the circumstances, it should not be too surprising that there are so many marriage annulments, especially here in the U.S. On the one hand, Catholic theology has ‘u!”
As you can see, Pope Francis was largely reiterating a standard canon law position in questioning the ability to give proper consent, even though he subsequently made a quantitative revision from “a majority” to “a portion.”
Anonymous:
I do understand why the things you mention trouble you so much but I would urge you not to give up on the Faith. Those who talk so much on this blog about the Church (and this includes us laity) being tested and about persevering through the current bad times do not have a corner on such sentiments.
Anon2
A valid Catholic.
June, the month of the Sacred Heart
Let us, by our prayers and other good works, done for the love of God and neighbor, draw from the treasury of of the Well-spring of Holiness and Grace, of the Divine Presence itself. Not by the merits of our commendable works by themselves do we merit our good fortune and plenitude, but only by the spiritual value imparted to them by the grace of God which fills the Divine Treasury. This Treasury of Grace was filled by the profit resulting from the greatest of good works, which was the Passion and Death of Christ. What flowed from the Sacred Heart pierced by a lance, brought our sacramental Church into being, along with the multitude of other good things produced by Divine grace, and into Mary's Immaculate Heart and her pure and holy soul does this benevolent and life-giving grace likewise flow, and outward from her according to where she, in her God-given role, directs it. The overflowing fullness and purity of Love for God which pours forth from her Immaculate Heart stands in contrast to what is lacking in our own response to Divine Love. With her unsurpassed love for the Divine Trinity, the Holy and Blessed Mother of God brings her maternal solicitude and compassion to God on our behalf and, having an awareness exceeding any creature of how our sins offend God, ever calls us to amend our lives and do penance.
While change is fundamental to our earthly existence, the love and concern for us of God and His Holy Mother is changeless and never diminishes.
The Sacred Heart of Jesus is the seat and source of His Divine Love and Mercy. God Is Love, so it is right and proper that we refer to His Sacred Heart, since this Mystical fountainhead is the source of His love from whence emanates His Divine Mercy and Charity. This incomprehensible, boundless and fathomless Love informs His Divine Power. By the Divine Holy Will and Power did all that exists come into being, and by the same are all things sustained in existence, as He by His Divine and Merciful Love desires it to be . The Sacred Heart exceedingly burns with a love for us. The mystical flame of this Divine Love is ever burning and everlasting. The light and grace from this Divine Heart will penetrate us, and through the working of the Holy Spirit send grace to within our souls, if only we would correspond and co-operate with it. God so respects the free will of even the most weak and powerless of His creatures that even His Almighty Power will yield to it. The grace of God produces and sustains the life within our souls and is ever available to bring light and sanctification to those who are in spiritual darkness. We can pray to the Blessed Virgin and the saints to help us by the power of Divine grace in parting the clouds of sin and sinfulness in our lives, so that the light of God's Divine love can shine down to us, and through recourse to the Sacraments, His Holy grace come into us.The Sacred and Immaculate Hearts are our protection from the evil so prevalent today, and this evil constitutes an ever present and increased danger, and this because so many in our time have abandoned God and His teachings.
Gene, unless your post is tongue-in-cheek, I think you need to read the Anonymous post at 5.31pm. It seems to me he is under the mistaken impression that most of the comments on this blog are written by "fancy dressed up" priests, rather than him understanding that we are in the main lay people who are scandalized by many of the comments coming from Pope Francis, including the latest one that some people cohabiting [and so in mortal sin] are living in a situation more akin to marriage than some in a sacramental marriage. He may well find that the bishop he is contacting is as equally scandalized by those comments as I am. Certainly some protestants are shocked by those comments.
Reading between the lines in his post he appears to be in favor of women priests, people being scantily dressed at Mass, homosexuality, transexuals and other irregular situations. In short, a very liberal man. Well, in case he reads my post I want to make it clear to him that there are many Catholics who do not accept his liberal views and after reading this blog for over two years, he would be better to read the National Catholic Fishwrap, about which I'll wager he will never make a complaint.
George - A valid Catholic marriage can take place without a priest or deacon present, although that is the norm.
See Canon.
Interesting commentary: Roman Catholic law has a surprisingly liberal attitude to marriage ceremonies. The Code of Canon Law 1983 provides that it is enough for the couple to be present together, either personally or by proxy, and to express their consent to be married in words, or by sign language if necessary (canon 1104). (Sign language would, of course, have avoided the difficulty alleged in Harrod.) Although words (or signs) of consent are necessary, no particular form of words is required, so long as consent is clearly expressed. The parties may even be allowed to compose their own personal formula of consent. Before 1917, Roman Catholic law allowed that marriage could be validly be contracted merely by letter. (see Code of Canon Law. A Text and Commentary eds Coriden, Green and Heintschel 1985, Paulist Press, New York, p.791)
By LETTER!
Whether the pope is Catholic or not does not determine the truth or falsity of the Catholic religion. It is incumbent upon all of us personally to grow in the faith. We do that as part of a community -- with the first place being the Church in the home. It is oftentimes good to discuss issues with like-minded Catholics and to be exposed to the opinions of other people who disagree. During this time where the pope's words and actions are scandalizing many, resulting in the opposite errors of papal positivism or sedevacantism, it is good to discuss the Catholic faith and its existence independent of the pope, who is not the decider of doctrine, but the guardian of the Church's deposit of teaching.
These are the discussions that are taking place on this blog and in these comments.
Anonymous:
I was responding to the following comment which could be misconstrued:
“For a Catholic marriage to be valid all that is needed is the freedom to marry, consent from both parties, and the intention to marry for life and be open to children. That’s it."
The above, and what you cited are, for a Catholic, exceptions to the norm just as
general absolution is allowed in certain exceptional circumstances. Catholics do come under certain obligations.
Yes, the Church does recognize marriages outside of her. Protestants and those of other faiths do not have to re-marry if they convert. Adam and Eve were indeed married.
There are differences among political jurisdictions of what constitutes
a recognized civil marriage. At one time the state of Georgia recognized common-law marriage but it no longer does.
Jan, You are right. I just read his first few lines and assumed he was discouraged for the same reasons real Catholics are. I see now that is just another bed-wetting liberal who thinks a good time should be had by all in the Church. Let me re-cast my recommendations to him...Anonymous, have you checked out the Wiccans?
In spite of what many of you state I am in no way a liberal. I just do not try to play God and judge others as many of you do. Playing God and calling people names to me is the ultimate Mortal Sin. Who are you to judge Homosexuals, Women who desire to serve the lord as a priest when the church is almost ruined by lack of priests. Have you seen how many parishes have closed because we have no priests. Who are you to call someone liberal just because they try to accept all of God's children. Who do you think Jesus worked with people who followed the rules or those that needed forgiveness. Who said anything about dressing in an inappropriate way to mass. What happened to the plain white holy robes that were once worn in my church that are replaced with fancy lace and such. It just may surprise you that God is disgusted with people who claim to follow the "Rules" I believe he discussed "following the rules" to the fancy priests that were concerned that his followers were picking grain on a Holy Day. Be very careful as you spout out the rules and belittle your fellow man. You are not Gene and Jan God..... he might surprise you when you find out he loves everyone even those you call liberals and suggest they check out Wiccans. You are the types of people that are driving so many out of the church. Now..... you won't hear any more from me. I refuse to judge others as you all do on this site. God Bless You all.
I found this Blog today and just had to comment. I am not a priest and do not claim to be educated concerning all the rules and regulations. I do know that I love my church and I do know that all of us fall short following the rules. I do however know 100$ that I am a child of God. Every human being on this planet is a child of God. Not all Children are perfect. In fact I think he only had one son that was perfect. That perfect son died for every single person on this earth including Gene those you call bed-wetting liberals. I see a God who only sees our heart. He does not see color, gender, mental illness, rich, poor, sickly or healthy. He sees a person's heart. If the church needs priests to continue to grow God would look at a heart. He would not care if it were female or male. He has some mixed up children as we all have seen in this world. He wants us to help them instead of nailing them to the cross. No child of his needs to be nailed to the cross if they are female, male, black white, gay, straight etc..... No child of God's should be mistreated and kept from his holy church. Every single child is God's son or daughter. They don't have to be nailed to the cross and mistreated..... he did that for them. Jesus did not work with only those who were dressed in robes and "normal" He forgave all including I am sure the bed wetting liberals. I don't think God likes it when we call his children names.
Anonymous at 1:03 AM. If God had wanted female priests he would have ordained his mother and he simply didn't. St John Paul II The Great stated that the Church has no authority to ordain women as priests. If God wants priests for His Church then he will surely send many good men
Despite what you may want, the Church asks those who are in mortal sin not to come forward for Communion. Why is that? It is simply because "He who eats the body and blood of the Lord unworthily eats and drinks damnation unto himself". That applies to all who will not repent or confess their mortal sins. The choice is theirs.
If you want a church that has no rules and regulations then there are plenty of churches like that around. As a Catholic, I do my best to uphold the Church's teachings and I am not going to apologize for doing so. Sorry, but it is you who are the person out of step not those who uphold Church teaching.
Anonymous, June 24, 2016 at 12:09 AM, who are you to go against Church teaching about women priests? St John Paul The Great stated that the Church has no authority to ordain women priests. Using your argument that people shouldn't be judging others leaves you in a difficult situation because you yourself are judging others. You are also being judgmental of priests.
Anonymous, I thought you were leaving...why a second blathering, subjectivist, universalist/protestant post? We already have Anonymous 2, Kavanaugh, and ol' Gob...they so it better. Now, don't let the thurible hit you in the butt on your way out.
A promo of the EF Latin Mass
The International Federation Una Voce has announced a position paper on the Role of the Laity in the Extraordinary Form:
. . . . . . ."
"...conforming the home and the worlds of work and politics to Christ." Amen.Single-Family
/
- 5 beds
- 4 baths
- $396,950 price
- 1176731 mls id
- Square Feet: 4,112.Lansdowne, Virginia (PressExposure) June 26, 2009 -- Horizon Consulting is excited to announce that President and CEO, Wanda Alexander, has been chosen by the Washington Business Journal as one of Washington's minority business leaders in their second annual Minority Business Awards. The Awards set out to recognize the region's top minority business owners and leaders who exhibited an outstanding performance for their companies within the last 12-18 months.
Wanda Alexander has been with Horizon since September of 1995, when she assumed the role of President and CEO. Alexander has over two decades of experience in asset management, portfolio supervision, and debt restructuring strategies for financially distressed multifamily real estate. Under Wanda's leadership, Horizon Consulting has become a leader in high volume workflow management and serves as a trusted advisor to a wide variety of local, state and federal government agencies. Headquartered in Lansdowne, Virginia, the company also has operations in Santa Ana, California; Denver, Colorado; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Atlanta, Georgia. Horizon is certified as both 8(a) and as a Small Disadvantaged Business.
"As a Native Washingtonian, I am especially honored to be recognized by the Washington Business Journal as a recipient of the Minority Business Leaders Award," says Alexander. "It is a real thrill for me to be included on this list with these other minority business leaders who have accomplished so much in my hometown. I am looking forward to having the chance to meet all of them and congratulate them on their successes as well."
The winners of the Minority Business Leader Award will be recognized at a special awards luncheon on Thursday April 2nd at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. The Minority Business Leaders will also be profiled in a special supplement of the Washington Business Journal on Friday April 3rd.Basic ingredient ratios:Play-doh was first introduced as a wall paper cleaning product and then long after its first use, company executives learned that it was being used as a modelling clay in schools. That discovery in the 1950's launched its marketing as one of the top children's toys of all time. But it is one you can make yourself. My mother's recipe is not the same formula, but works as well and was once in wide use by primary school teachers all across the US before No Child Left Behind legislation and before all teachers were under such pressures from standardized testing.
2 cups flour
2 cups warm water
1 cup salt
2 Tablespoons vegetable oil
1 Tablespoon cream of tartar (optional for improved elasticity)
Bring water to boil, add dry ingredients and stir.
Add food coloring (or not. Mom often left our playdough uncolored so we could paint what we made with water colors)
Today we celebrate the life and mourn the passing of one of the world's favorite and greatest college drop outs, Steve Jobs. I have had a mac computer since my purchase of a mac Classic in 1991, and this is being written on my iMac. We human beings have always been connected with each other in such profound ways and the computer has made these connections far more apparent. Steve Jobs is alive still within this keyboard, and in the continued connection you and I have with each other.
Make, fix and create...There was a post on Facebook from one of my friends that stated, “Your ‘type’ may be the reason you aren’t with your soulmate.” While many of the comments agreed, one pointed out that going outside your race as a reason. Hmm?
After being matched for the “chemical attraction/first meeting,” I arranged for two people whose questionnaire showed that they valued the same things and held the similar temperament, both agreed that they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. He continued by saying that he was attracted to her and really enjoyed himself. She mentioned that she had a great time and enjoyed the meeting, “however.”
“However, what?” I asked.
“Well, I don’t know how you determine chemical attraction but I wasn’t,” she said.
In my experience, I have heard more women – married women who are deeply in love with their husbands, start by saying that at first, they were not attracted to the man who would later become their husbands. They all admit that although they would snub these men, there was something about them that they could see that God was definitely working on their hearts and what they needed, instead of what they wanted, and after the consistency, the stable-mindedness, and decisiveness of their suitors, they were in love and ready to devote their lives in matrimony.
For my male clients, I help them in the process of letting go of the women who they personally pursued and still cannot let go. When I ask them to tell me a quality of these women that they believe is marriage-worthy, they stutter and stammer.
My point in addressing the male’s situation, the female’s version of no chemical attraction, and the erroneous picture above is that I truly believe there is a mix up of people’s idea looking for dates and seeking marriage-worthy individuals.
One of the ways I match couples, is to give an extensive and in-depth questionnaire to truly understand what it is the person is looking for. What they don’t know is that on the other side, there is a match for them. I don’t tell them anything about the other person because I do not want the intention of the answers to change. It’s important to screen the health and mindset of the person to be sure they are ready to begin a mutually loving relationship. The individuals never see the pictures of the other person until the meeting, (but is sometimes within the boundaries of the what the individual is open to.) So, the individual based on the answers they give, will never know that if their potential is within reach.
Am I keeping them from meeting? You better believe it, in regards to my business, as I seek to match healthy-minded people with others; but I am not preventing them from meeting. My mindset is if it is meant to be, they will find each other. It’s just sad when you can actually witness that it will take time for the person to evolve to place where they can give and receive a respectful, loving relationship. I can’t stress enough, though, once it’s found, there is no other mutual devotion on earth, stronger and appreciated.
What I’m saying is that looking for marriage minded individuals is much different than simply looking for attractive people who can hold a conversation.
Today’s singles are collectively saying that they are single by choice, but that their “type” doesn’t exist – which means they’re looking. They’re saying that their career comes first, however, says in the same breath that they wish even options or other perspectives, can talk to them. And soon their pickiness becomes either bitterness or wishy-washiness. And for those who are wanting at marriage for another chance, many times, they haven’t learned the important signals that happen beforehand that create turmoil in their relationship, and so, the cycle begins again – Heaven forbid children are now involved.
It reminds me of a middle school dance, that awkward event (probably not so much today’s middle schooler, but you know what I mean) where although hormones are racing, no one has confidence to go up and ask out someone for the dance – or, is able to be open enough to be approachable to be asked. For the dance, mind you.
I don’t know how else to illustrate that your “type” is there, I promise. However, if your old methods for finding dates are not working for you, is it that you’re using the wrong methods? Are you using a superficial checklist that doesn’t even cover questions that prove the person would be loyal to you or has the ability to see you value the same thing? Is it just based on looks, conversation, job status, or children status?
Please note, when you are ready to find a spouse, your filter MUST be specific – but in the right ways. It is not based on whether his Bible (which he probably got from his grandma) is highlighted. It’s not based on if she shares the same political views. It’s not based on definition of his pectoral muscles or whether or not he has facial hair. It’s not based on whether she has a few extra pounds.
The ONE thing singles miss in their search, in the opinion of this professional dating coach and matchmaker, is the level of integrity they can honestly say they have seen consistently enough to even have a person qualified. Integrity is what makes the beauty/handsome. And that is something that is not shown in just words. It’s not something that is can be determined after a few encounters. That takes time. Time, where neither party is manipulating the outcome, but is respectful, direct, and decisive.
So many, though, do not even know what integrity means. Integrity is one where a person does what they say they’re going to do. They respect themselves in a way that spills out for respect for others. The person doesn’t call out on an appointment, or work, even (there’s a lot of that going on in the workforce) at the last minute because they don’t feel like coming in. The person doesn’t make promises and breaks them. They respect themselves enough to not get in the situation if they think they can’t do it. They help others without seeking to please others, or say the popular thing they think others want to hear. They believe in loyalty and walk in that. They vibrate on a completely different level – where it seems as though they are eccentric, but it’s only because they are surrounded by people who act entitled;, wanting the same things in a loving relationship, yet believe the other person must come in perfect to fit some unrealistic mold they’ve crafted that goes to serve them and their egos.
So then, I ask you, do you still think you’re type isn’t there?
Want to take the preliminary online dating questionnaire? For just $25, (very limited time offer! Service begins at receipt of payment.) you can register to get the individualized personal first steps to help you find your spouse. Confidential, respectful, and prayer is always the key element in finding matches. You don’t have to go it alone. Your pace.
Even for the shy."Parent View asks for your opinion on 12 aspects of your child’s school, from the quality of teaching, to dealing with bullying and poor behaviour. We will use the information you provide when making decisions about which schools to inspect, and when."
With Ofsted moving towards a “risk-based inspection” model - meaning that a handful of complaints to this new site will automatically trigger scrutiny from Ofsted – the pressure to develop and maintain positive and effective relationships with key adults has never been greater.
Q1 'My child is happy at this school'
Q2 'My child feels safe at this school'
Q3 'My child makes good progress at this school'
Q4 'My child is well looked after at this school'
Q5 'My child is taught well at this school'
Q6 'My child receives appropriate homework for their age'
Q7 'This school makes sure its pupils are well behaved'
Q8 'This school deals effectively with bullying
Q9 'This school is well led and managed'
Q10 'This school responds well to any concerns I raise'
Q11 'I receive valuable information from the school about my child’s progress'
Q12 Would you recommend this school to another parent?
Parents need to register on the website and answer Strongly Agree, Agree, Disagree or Strongly Disagree to Q1-11 and yes or No to Question 12
Results will not be published until each school reaches a certain number or percentage.
That number or percentage is unclear.
Poor ratings from this website from a handful of parents could trigger an Ofsted inspection under the new framework even for Outstanding schools.
However Ofsted chair, Baroness Sally Morgan says .”However Christine Blower, general secretary of the National Union of Teachers, said: "it's not clear why parents, who may have quite legitimate questions to which they seek answers, would choose the route of a questionnaire to express their concerns, or otherwise, about a school"
"Apart from the obvious question as to what useful purpose the questionnaire will serve, this is a system which is open to abuse.
"Schools could easily be targeted by parents unfairly, or even in anger, which could result in a false impression being given of the school."
For those who have not seen it yet Ofsted will implement their new Ofsted Inspection Framework from January 2012
I have just submitted answers for the two schools where my children attend.I turned in the draft of the article I'd been working on this week (which had to go in two days early for a meeting--I am a tree; I can bend). I've got another interview they'd like me to do for it, which sounds fun: someone in a PNW Department of Corrections who's going to talk about thin clients versus desktop computers, which will be interesting. 30 seconds to breathe and then I start the next article. :) Nice having work on the desk.
Actually, we're going to go bowling today, too: the Babe's new bowling ball is likely to be done by now, which'd be really nice. Might even do that right after breakfast and beat the Saturday rush.
BC is sitting right next to me, periodically putting his head down and bumping my left hand while I'm typing. It's very sweet and all, but it's annoying, too. His fur's growing back on his side, too. I noticed this morning that he's actually rather thickly furred now, but it's all dark undercoat, which is black, and the cinnamon-colored top layer hasn't regrown yet. (So thaaaat's how he does that! <G>)
Breakfast is in the offing. And bowling, of course.
Are you having difficulty importing Yahoo Contacts to Google Plus.
Lots of people getting error message importing yahoo Contacts.
Hope Most of you having Google Plus account with Gmail ID..
Here is a way to get out of this mess
1st Part
Exporting Contacts from Yahoo Mail
Login to your Yahoo Mail
Go to Contacts
Check on view all contacts
Go to Tools -> Export
Export it in csv format
Click on Export Now Tab labelled Yahoo! CSV
Save it to your hard disk
2nd Part
Importing CSV File to Gmail Account
Login to your Gmail (Account having Google Plus)
Go to Contacts
Click on More Action TAB--> Import
Choose the CSV file (just downloaded) from your hard disk
CHECK Also add these imported contacts to: My Contacts (or any group you desire)
Click on Import
All the contacts will be imported to your GMail Account
3rd Part
Adding Contacts to Google Plus
Go to Google Plus Circles (Must be aware of that by now)
Click on Find and Invite
(If want to invite all Click on More Actions-> Invite all)
Drag Contacts to the circle you desire
Click on the green TAB on Lower Left Corner Captioned Invite N peoples to Google+
Click on the Blue Tab Invite
Click on Finished
All Done
If any query please comment. Have A Happy Google Plus Journey....
Thanks
Doesn't work - yahoo export excludes all fb accounts.
I got the same message, which is annoying since importing my Facebook friends is what I wanted to do.
Is there any way of importing my Facebook friends to my Google plus account?
You'll need to read and click each of the checkboxes to say you've read and agree to the warnings. When you use Multiple Sign-in, your Offline Mail and Offline Calendar are disabled, and any unsent mail may be lost.read more
Best Yahoo Customer Service Number (0800-014-8929) UK Users for resolving YAHOO Mail account problems with YAHOO Instant HELPLINE UK.
yahoo phone number
You have to go into Google contacts, not yahoo or google plus, and click import yahoo contacts. Click all and it will grab all your contacts.When you restore or reset your keyboard to it's factory settings you will lose all your work you have saved on the keyboard. The keyboard should reset itself, like it just came off the factory line. Drums Unlimited Rentals nor any of their employees are responsible for any damages. Factory resets should only be done as a last resort! If you do not feel comfortable doing this yourself, then you should have it done by a certified repair technician.librelist archives
//
archives
//
[mustache] archives
Whitespace suppression
by Petter A. Urkedal on 2015-10-14 @ 21:37 (0 replies)
Mustache Template
by Amal Alex on 2015-09-24 @ 04:56 (2 replies)
Idea - Unknown Key name
by John Wood on 2015-09-04 @ 19:04 (1 reply)
Round Bronsskott lampor
by mailsender on 2015-03-12 @ 18:42 (0 replies)
CFEngine and Sublime Text support mustache
by Last Ops on 2015-02-24 @ 20:27 (0 replies)
Fwd: Can't get Rack::Bug::MustachePanel to work
by Karsten Jeschkies on 2014-11-02 @ 15:52 (0 replies)
Announcing mustache.tcl
by Jan Kandziora on 2014-09-16 @ 16:19 (0 replies)
Greetings From Isabella"
by
on 2014-04-15 @ 19:28 (0 replies)
Mustache has been ported to Pharo
by Henrik Høyer on 2014-02-25 @ 16:24 (0 replies)
Evaluating the presence of items in a non empty list without iteration.
by Richard Wilson on 2014-01-31 @ 18:00 (3 replies)
Do you need more clients ?
by Escort Designer on 2014-01-21 @ 14:29 (0 replies)
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:53 (0 replies)
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:51 (0 replies)
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:50 (0 replies)
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:49 (1 reply)
Re: Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:48 (0 replies)
Re: Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:47 (0 replies)
Re: Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:46 (0 replies)
Re: [mustache] sign me up
by j.mauriac@forhom.com on 2013-01-22 @ 00:44 (0 replies)
by Doug Tangren on 2013-01-21 @ 19:51 (0 replies)
Fwd: pass argument in mustache tag ?
by Miguel Michelsongs on 2012-04-19 @ 05:55 (0 replies)
mustache code as source input into mustache
by Jimmy Soho on 2012-04-15 @ 14:54 (1 reply)
How to structure for sections
by Cliff Stanford on 2012-03-08 @ 14:26 (0 replies)
Mustache in Clojure
by David Santiago on 2011-05-25 @ 00:46 (3 replies)
Fwd: Solution for yield :parameter Rails use case
by Mitch Lloyd on 2011-04-23 @ 17:40 (3 replies)
Mustache improvement suggestion: need a way to set markup *between* list items, not around
by Emmett Pickerel on 2011-03-23 @ 22:44 (1 reply)
None
by Emmett Pickerel on 2011-03-23 @ 22:43 (0 replies)
method_missing in my View
by Fernando Guillen on 2011-02-20 @ 17:42 (2 replies)
Stitching together templates in a language-independent way
by Brian Takita on 2011-02-17 @ 19:35 (0 replies)
Mustache Specification Release Candidate
by Pieter V. on 2010-12-26 @ 04:53 (0 replies)
RFC: Mustache Specification Proposal
by Pieter V. on 2010-10-18 @ 19:49 (2 replies)
nested names
by Seven Du on 2010-10-16 @ 04:33 (2 replies)
How to call gravatar
by Jack on 2010-10-05 @ 09:02 (1 reply)
show links in sinatra
by Seven Du on 2010-10-03 @ 14:48 (4 replies)
[WCEEENG 2011] Announcement: The 2011 World Congress on Electronics and Electrical Engineering
by Wceeeng 2011 on 2010-09-18 @ 04:18 (0 replies)
[WCSIT 2011] Announcement: The 2011 World Congress on Computer Science and Information Technology
by Wcsit 2011 on 2010-09-01 @ 22:46 (0 replies)
how to render a plain Array
by Fernando Guillen on 2010-08-24 @ 19:24 (2 replies)
Nested sections/lists with same member/attribute name.
by Fernando Guillen on 2010-08-20 @ 16:26 (3 replies)
WCPEE'10 Last Call for Papers (The 2010 World Congress on Power and Energy Engineering)
by Wcpee'10 on 2010-08-14 @ 11:29 (0 replies)
The 2010 World Congress on Power and Energy Engineering (WCPEE'10 Call for Papers)
by Wcpee'10 on 2010-06-03 @ 12:52 (1 reply)
Layouts
by Jeremy Bush on 2010-05-27 @ 00:02 (2 replies)
More on Partials...
by Jos Yule on 2010-05-24 @ 13:36 (2 replies)
Question about Context "inside" a Partial
by Jos Yule on 2010-05-24 @ 12:50 (2 replies)
Mustache on Ruby 1.9
by Rafael Souza on 2010-05-24 @ 12:37 (1 reply)
Implementation Question
by Jos Yule on 2010-05-10 @ 15:15 (5 replies)
Flash Actionscript port of Mustache
by Jos Yule on 2010-05-09 @ 04:18 (2 replies)
Globally prevent escaping?
by Nathan Stults on 2010-04-16 @ 22:01 (3 replies)
New URL
by Chris Wanstrath on 2010-04-01 @ 04:34 (0 replies)
|
1
|
Archives based on code by
Armin Ronacher
//Katherine & Alon
A classically elegant affair at the Hilton Anatole with lush florals and glamorous details
Photographer:
HelmutWalker
Florist:
The Garden Gate
Venue:
Hilton Anatole
“StarDust Celebrations made wedding planning so easy for me and my family. I started planning my wedding while living out of state and they helped me narrow down venues and even took my mom and sister to check them out without me to even further decide. They took the chaos and headache out of everything, and whenever I had questions or concerns, they were super prompt in responding and easing my mind. I would definitely recommend StarDust! Cannot say enough good things!”Scan Results of Tycoon SK Mbuga Come with Sad News
After getting involved in a nasty accident that almost sent him to meet his creator, tycoon Sulaiman aka SK Mbuga was rumored dead, then it was later anticipated that he was in coma but we have jutt landed on news from Nakasero hospital about details of his scan that was conducted a few hours back.
However much the news is not good, but it is better than death news, Mbuga fractured his both legs terribly and one arm the left one and doctors say he may loose one of his legs.
This is leaving us in uttershock as we receive this news and we are really imagining how he will manage the new body shape he has started.
News about his multi million BMW bike is so saddening, it was crashed beyond repair and Mbuga may not be in position to regain it unless he works hand in hand with BMW the manufacturers of the bike for a possible deal. let us all pray for him for a quick recovery.Yes, Google wants you to keep your bits and bytes as safe as possible through encryption.
However, Google thinks the idea will go right this time, and it will try again to require full-disk encryption by default for devices that release with the newest Android 6.0 Marshmallow and higher versions.
Google has published the new version of the Android Compatibility Definition Document (PDF), mandating Android encryption with a couple of exceptions in Android 6.0 Marshmallow.
The document reads:
“For device implementations supporting full-disk encryption and with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) crypto performance above 50MiB/sec, the full-disk encryption MUST be enabled by default at the time the user has completed the out-of-box setup experience.”
New smartphones and tablets that ship with Android 6.0 Marshmallow and have certain performance standard must be encrypted by default.
What is Full Disk Encryption?
Full disk encryption (FDE) is the process of encoding all user’s data on an Android device using an encrypted key. Once encrypted, all data on the device is automatically encrypted before ever written to disk.
In turn, the data is automatically decrypted before it returns to any calling process that asks for it. All you need is the correct key.
Full Disk Encryption is done with a kernel feature that acts directly on the block layer of the storage and has been available in devices sinceAndroid 3.0 Honeycomb.
However, Android 6.0 Marshmallow brings some pretty big changes and improvements in the overall working of the full disk encryption.
New Android devices running Marshmallow and having AES crypto performance above 50MiB-per-second require supporting encryption of:
- The private user data partition (/data)
- The public data partition (/sdcard)
In other words, Full Disk Encryption is damned secure, and Google has done a pretty good job by making full disk encryption mandatory on Android devices.
What’s the Problem with Full Disk Encryption?
Last year when Google implemented full disk encryption by default on the Nexus 6 devices, you had probably heard about poor device performance for disk reading and writing.
It’s true — the problem with full-disk encryption is a hit on the device performance because when you need to encrypt or decrypt on the fly, disk Input/Output speeds suffer.
In short, there are some drawbacks if encryption becomes mandatory:
- Slower Performance: As mentioned above, Encryption always adds some overhead, which causes your device a bit slower.
- Encryption is One-Way Only: If you forget the decryption key, you’ll need to factory reset your device that will eventually erase all the data stored on your phone.
Do we Really Need Full Disk Encryption By Default?
In older devices, there is an option to enable full disk encryption, but by default it is turned OFF. This left us with a choice — Do we need full disk encryption?
Many of us will find full disk encryption useful. This helps us to keep secure our sensitive information that we never, ever want to fall into the wrong hands. Full disk encryption also keeps our data secure from snoopers and government agencies who need to see it.
But for others, just the standard lock screen security is enough. If they lose their phone, they have Android Device Manager or other utilities to remotely wipe their data. They quickly change their passwords of Google and other accounts, and they even don’t have a reason to fear any consequences if government snoops into their data.
So, do you need Full Disk Encryption by Default? Share your views with us; Hit the comments below.
Share Your ThoughtsQuestion:
I often wonder if medical conditions can be an excuse for how we feel? Take someone that has started having anxiety attacks out the blue. They have never been someone that worries but be cause of a hormone imbalance they often have negative thoughts. Are they in sin? How can God help them?
I ask for prayer for myself and my anxiety and short temper. I am a Christian and I believe God will get me through. Thanks.
Answer:
It is true that medical conditions can cause anxiety attacks or other problems, but it doesn't follow that all worrying, shortness of temper, etc. are caused by imbalanced hormones. Hormonal problems are generally spotted because the mood experienced has nothing to do with the situation. I've seen people have anxiety attacks, yet they can't pinpoint why they are worried, anxious, and nervous. They typically recognize that these are not rational thoughts, though it is hard to battle when they come from your own head.
But even with a medical condition making it harder to control your behavior, control is still required. :8-13). This is harder for some than for others, but the goal remains the same.
If there is a medical cause, often the can be a medical solution. But in the long run, the most effective response is controlling the spirit that is within you.Chat <
Getting Pregnant <
Trying to conceive
1
-
3
of 3
27/03/2014 at 16:38
Well, about to start TTC No.2. My hubby and I have agreed to start after my April AF (which won't be till the end of April.) I'm feeling to over excited to wait so thought i'ld throw myself in now and get to you all
*Waves*
I had my DD back in May 2012, cannot believe where the time has gone!
It is so very strange to be back, thinking about cycles, pregnacare tablets, pregnancy tests (gee, you buy alot of those!) Plus the forum looks very different to! Much improved!
Im very much looking forward to joining in the 'fun'
Lots of baby dust to all!!
27/03/2014 at 16:45
welcome back n good luck x
27/03/2014 at 17:09
Thank you!
Continues below ad
Nice to see you! Please do nose around, sign up and join in.
We use cookies to improve your experience of our website. Read more.SSI’s stainless steel coaxial cable assemblies incorporate a stainless steel jacketed coaxial cable with welded cable/connector interfaces. The additional strength and corrosion resistance of these assemblies is a definite advantage in extreme mechanical or atmospheric environments. A typical copper cable failure, whether during installation or under environmental stresses, can result in increased costs through system downtime, fault isolation, and replacement. The true economy of stainless steel assemblies can be easily recognized as competitive advantage.
SSI constructs stainless steel cable by drawing a stainless steel jacket over a thin copper outer conductor. The stainless steel jacket gives the cable superior mechanical strength, shielding and corrosion resistance while the copper outer conductor provides optimum conductivity. SSI offers stainless steel cable in .093, .145, and .240-inch outer diameters with solid, medium loss, and low loss PTFE dielectrics. Steel inner conductor in place of copper is also an option. Special diameters available upon request
SSI’s stainless steel cable assemblies overcome the solder joint weakness of other semi-rigid assemblies by using GTAW (gas-tungsten-arc weld) cable/connector attachment. This fusion weld process yields a connector joint that is stronger than the original metals being joined. Torque and tensile strength are enhanced such that joint failures are virtually eliminated.
The welded cable/connector joint also improves performance at cryogenic temperatures (below 80 degrees Kelvin). Standard soldered joints tend to crack and fail at these low temperatures, but SSI’s welded connections continue to provide reliable service.
Stresses that are not rejected in a copper cable assembly are absorbed in the metal as cold working (work hardening), fatigue, and eventual failure of either the copper jacket of the tin-lead solder joint. A stainless steel assembly will experience much less fatigue and failure than a non-ferrous jacketed cable during the common stress of installation, vibrations, and shock.
.
. [readon2 url="/index.php/cable-types-and-specifications"]Get More Information[/readon2]- This event has passed.
Ravens vs Steelers
September 11, 2014 @ 8:30 pm - 11:30 pm
Event Navigation
BALTIMORE RAVENS VS. PITTSBURGH STEELERS
Join us for the NFL season opener as the Ravens take on the Steelers! We will be broadcasting the game, with sound, on our flat screen TVs in the bar area.
Carb up with Date Nite ($50 for shared app or dessert, 2 entrees, 1 bottle of wine) or choose from some of our football menu specials while enjoying delicious drink specials for this late Ravens game! What better way to kick the season off than with your friends and neighbors at The Chasseur!
See you Thursday Raven Nation!
Doors open @ 4pm, Kickoff @ 8:30pmToday is the birthday of the Blessed Mother. I am going to ask you to make a small sacrifice to honor her Holy Name.
Babies are being slaughtered every day in this nation, even on her feast day. We know this causes her great anguish.
It seems that we cannot stop this slaughter of the innocents.
But there is something you can do.
Today.
Take five minutes and contact the Todd Staves, the building owner where late term abortions are done by abortionist Dr LeRoy Carhart in Maryland.
Please do the following things TODAY:
Make one phone call. (301) 217-0830
Send one email. toddstave@gmal.com
Send one letter. ADDRESS BELOW
Send one email. toddstave@gmal.com
Send one letter. ADDRESS BELOW
Todd Stave is the building owner and landlord for Germantown Reproductive Health Services. This is where Abortionist LeRoy Carhart conducts his reign of terror killing fully viable 25 - 35 week old preborn babies.
Can you imagine that some of these babies may be killed the day before they are born?
Todd Stave and LeRoy Carhart have turned Maryland into the late term child killing capital of the world, and you can help bring an end to the needless slaughter of these innocent babies.
You need to know something about Mr. Stave before you CALL, WRITE, AND EMAIL.
Todd's late father, Carl Stave, was an abortionist and operated abortion mills in Maryland. Carl and his wife Norma Stave were posthumously recognized in a tribute article for “abortion veterans” written by a former staff person for the National Coalition of Abortion Providers.
Although Todd and his wife Randi have been blessed with two incredible children, Andie and Brandon, he was not raised in an environment that taught him about the sanctity of human life. His heart was surely hardened as his father killed innocent babies day after day.
It seems Carl did teach his son one thing, he can make a lot of money in child killing.
Make sure when you reach out to Todd Stave you do so in a Christian manner. Make sure your conversations and correspondence should reflect the love and forgiveness of Christ. Remember, you can be firm and loving at the same time.
We need everyone to call 301-217-0830, write (ADDRESS BELOW), and email (toddstave@gmail.com) Todd Stave to ask him to please stop the child killing.
Ask Mr. Stave to do the following 3 things:
- Cancel the lease for Germantown Health and Reproductive Services (where Abortionist LeRoy Carhart does late-term abortions, up the day of birth).
- Close down Germantown Reproductive Health Services permanently (do not just move it to another location).
- Do not open another abortion facility to replace Germantown Reproductive Health Services, or in any way support any other abortion facilities.
Please also remind Todd that many people are praying for him and his family. We want him to make the right decision and show his wife and 2 children that he can act to stop the senseless killing of fully viable, preborn babies.
Todd Stave
11403 Spice Oak Terrace
Rockville, MD 20850
11403 Spice Oak Terrace
Rockville, MD 20850
toddstave@gmail.com
(301) 217-0830
This is something that each of you can do that just may save the lives of countless children.
Please remember what Jesus said, "Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these."
Thank you for all you do for life!
Long Live Christ Our King,
Jack Ames
Director
Defend Life
Ps – If you want to let Todd see just what a late term abortion is…. send him to this link:
1 comment:
Abortion is legal in the United States. What you are doing is taking way the rights of not only the doctor, but the landlord.
You know, RIGHTS!! Rights that are in our Constitution!!
Take your hate filled rants and put them where the sun don't shine.Is Fallout 4 VR on Windows Mixed Reality as good as it is on the HTC Vive?
With the release of Fallout 4 VR, a whole gang of HTC Vive owners are headed back to The Commonwealth to loot, craft, maim, kill, poison, sneak, and discover what happened to their son, Shaun. The game was touted as an HTC Vive exclusive, but thanks to SteamVR integration, Fallout 4 VR happens to also work on Windows Mixed Reality (WMR). Is it as good as it is on the Vive?
Controls
The biggest issue with playing Fallout 4 VR on WMR is undoubtedly the controls. While WMR motion controllers are sort of a mix between Oculus Touch and the Vive wands, the touchpads just aren't quite the same.
Because smooth movement — the type that's best suited for immersion — requires constant contact with the touchpad, you'll quickly notice how it's not as responsive on WMR as it is on Vive. It seems like it will occasionally send you off in a direction you didn't want to go, and you'll have to remove your thumb and let if figure itself not. This could have to do with moisture on the hands during long periods of play.
The WMR controllers also don't let you travel as quickly as on the Vive. I kept checking my Pip-Boy to see if I was over encumbered, but really it's just the touchpad not picking up that my thumb is close to the edge. Luckily, there is an option in the VR settings that lets you choose how fast smooth movement actually moves. With it cranked up, the difference becomes negligible, but only if you're used to the medium speed of movement on the Vive.
Sprinting, because it requires you to actually click down the touchpad, works fine all the time, but it drains your Action Point (AP) meter and can't be used continuously. Likewise, if you're particularly prone to nausea or just prefer using teleportation, movement works just fine using the trigger to point and teleport.
Other than the movement speed issue that can be mostly fixed and the occasional direction changes, controls are on an even playing field with the Vive. All buttons from the Vive's setup have an intuitive spot on the WMR motion controllers, and the angle at which you hold the controller to aim down the sight of your gun feels just as natural.
Tracking
Fallout 4 VR can be a physical game involving a lot of quick movements, and the Vive's lighthouses are certainly up to the task of seeing everything. No matter what I was doing, including swinging madly with my bat at gangs of raiders, I didn't feel that my in-game motions were different than my actual motions.
For the most part, tracking on WMR is also precise, but you'll occasionally experience a controller losing its place if it's moved too far out of view of the sensors on the front of the headset. Still, this is rare and goes to show just how well the built-in motion tracking can compete with the Vive's lighthouses.
Graphics and visuals
Now that Bethesda has released a couple of beta patches for Fallout 4 VR's graphical problems, the game looks quite good on both Vive and WMR. Your PC is using the same hardware, and the game is going through SteamVR no matter which headset you're using.
However, the display in the HP WMR headset does have a higher resolution (1440 x 1440 compared to 1080 x 1200) than the Vive, and after playing Fallout 4 VR for a few hours on both, it's safe to say that WMR is bringing a clearer picture.
It's easier to pick up targets from a distance — something that's required since the scopes aren't currently showing anything more than a solid black color — and overall it's simply more pleasant to look at. When using WMR, the in-game controllers do show up as WMR controllers, so there are no weird cognitive issues. Some of the overlay does sometimes get clipped by the large ring, but nothing game-breaking.
Setup
If you look at both setups as coming from a state of no VR at all, WMR is much easier to get going. You plug in the headset, run through a couple of training exercises, trace a border, and you're in, ready to launch SteamVR and Fallout 4 VR.
The Vive isn't necessarily a chore, but you do have to set up your two tracking lighthouses. These don't have to be permanently fixed, but they do need to be placed relatively high and do come with the hardware for wall mounting. The software setup doesn't take much time, but you might have to sit around and wait while controllers and lighthouses receive firmware updates with a wired connection.
Neither setup is particularly painful, but if you're rushing home with either setup and need to get into Fallout 4 VR, like, yesterday, WMR should get you there sooner.
Price
Fallout 4 VR requires a respectable gaming rig for it to run properly. Recommended specs from the Steam Store page are:
- CPU: Intel Core i7-6700K or AMD Ryzen 5 1600X
- RAM: 16GB
- GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 or AMD RX Vega 64
Plenty of people are finding that some of the top 9-series NVIDIA GPUs are running it without a problem, but as a bottom line, you're going to need something that costs a decent amount of money whether you're using the Vive or WMR.
Setting performance hardware prices aside, you're looking at about $600 for the Vive system, including wands, lighthouses, and a free copy of Fallout 4 VR.
WMR bundles, which include the headset and controllers, start at about $400 and go up to about $500. One thing to note is that WMR bundles do seem to see some pretty significant price drops during sales; the lowest we've seen is about $200 knocked off the total price.
Which is better for Fallout 4 VR?
Fallout 4 VR (about $60) was made to be used with the HTC Vive, and it shows. The Vive wands deliver precise controls, and the tracking is spot on for a game that often requires wild movements.
WMR, however, shouldn't be counted out, and I can see myself often slipping into the Windows headset for a quick romp when I don't feel like plugging in the Vive's lighthouses. The control issues I saw definitely aren't game-breaking, and superior visual clarity is certainly a huge perk.
HTC Vive
Reader comments
HTC Vive vs. Windows Mixed Reality: Which is best for Fallout 4 VR?
Thoroughly annoying that they can't make it run with a Gtx 1060...Share this
Illustrator Repaints Disney Princesses In Gorgeous New Digital Series
By Yoon Sann Wong, 17 Apr 2017
‘Ariel’, image by Isabelle Staub and featured with permission
Freelance illustrator and artist Isabelle Staub has won over a trove of fans via Instagram with her new digitally painted series starring Disney princesses. The recent graduate from Moore College of Art & Design is based in Philadelphia, PA, and was inspired to start the collection after encountering a serious art block.
In an email to DesignTAXI, Staub explains, “I’ve always loved Disney since I was a child, so I decided to paint the princesses in my own art style for fun.” She uses Corel Painter and a Wacom Intuos Tablet to create each rendering, before adjusting the final image in Photoshop. Each visual takes Staub roughly between eight and 12 hours to complete.
At present, the artist plans to create several more Disney princess-inspired paintings, but admits that she’s ready to take on a fresh challenge.
“I’m definitely ready to start a new series! Someone requested villains, which I think would be really cool. But I might give the whole Disney theme a rest for a while.”
Staub is also in the early stages of writing and illustrating her own children’s book, which you can keep an eye out for in the near future. See her Disney princess-themed illustrations below, and browse through more of her work on Instagram and her online shop.
Belle #disneyart 🌹 also hello to all of my new followers! I am so grateful for all of you and your support xo 💋
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
Esmeralda 💃🏽technically not a princess but she's one of my favs #inprogress
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
In progress Jasmine.. 🐯✨ Btw I'm painting this series of princesses in my own art style - so there are going to be some differences in their features xox #disneyarts
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
Tiana painting #inprogress ✨🐸👑
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
which Disney princess should I paint next? 🌿
A post shared by Isabelle Staub (@isabelle_staub) on
[images by Isabelle Staub and featured with permission]
More related newsWhy You Should Get Gap Insurance for Your MotorcycleMotorcycle has been a rage manufactured in diverse types and versions. This existence of different kinds can make it challenging and mind-numbing for you to know the type that best suits you or rather work for you. Therefore, picking motorcycle or committing your resources to motorbike finance without subsequent some crucial tested and proven ideas will definitely end up being very difficult. It is because you may not have become any tips before or even bought any in the past, consequently being the first time of buying motorcycle demands that you to pay for full focus on these tips.
You ought not be ignorant of the fact that motorbikes are in many different kinds, these are sports activity bike, visiting bikes, cruiser motorbike bike, double sport sort, etc. It isn't new how young people have been demanding and acquire impressed by a few popular designs such as Hd, but the problem is always that these types of bicycles may not be a better option most especially you might need your first period. This definitely implies that the motorbike finance will not be properly or sensibly disbursed. The reason why being that the particular cruisers are incredibly loud, opera loaded and so expensive, even though they are great. Hence, they might not suit a novice.
If you choose touring bicycle or bike, it can be a mistake as a first timer because these types of cycles are designed for lengthy distance as well as were built in a way that they can withstand long and tough conditions. These kind of bikes are really heavy with exorbitant price, hence might affect your planned motorbike finance and also riders of those bikes need a lot of encounters. It has been noticed that if you're beginner, it will be very difficult to carry out very beautifully with sport bikes, simply because they are performance inclined, very fast and nimble. New cyclists might think it is easy to manage the kind of velocity we are referring to here. It will likely be a benefit for you if you have perfected how to trip motorcycle very well;otherwise, you may not find it simple opting for this.
You should be informed that your wish to have off road using will definitely make you purchase dust bikes. They are characterized with higher and moderate run that you'll certainly appreciate and this selection gives your motorbike finance a great investment. Capacity of dirt bike to operate smoothly especially on the grime roads and obtain so hassle-free with signs and car headlights makes it outstanding and admirable for most novices. The dual sports activity bikes tend to be carefully designed such that they could easily manage both freeways and away from roads. They're bikes that will handle trips of cross country very easily and preferred by most people that like them. Only that their particular intermediate develop makes these bicycles to be much less performer in comparison with street as well as dirt cycles.
Irrespective on the type of Gap insurance you are opting for, it very possible for you to clear away any forms of outstanding finance you have on an agreement even along with your motorbike insurance valuation. For more information visit.Private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave
That is the primary inhabitants research in Mexico and one of many few internationally on despair in pregnant and parenting adolescents that includes subgroups for moms within the gestation and postpartum intervals and mothers of infants as well as a emplohees comparison group. Their kidneys are functioning and fluids are flowing by way of their body and organs. Along with not being superior, I actually did not have natural start to piss anyone off. Explains the risks and depicts the steps concerned in a transverse C-section and a traditional C-part. The Clearblue Digital Pregnancy Test with Conception Indicator can be utilized as much as 4 days before your period is due, wherein case job-protectwd should use the first urine of the day. At dwelling, as many members of everett planned parenthood phone number family or associates as you want can attend the start, and also you get to share the expertise with them within the privateness of your own dwelling, with out interruptions from hospital workers. No cases of perinatal transmission to the neonate occurred. my period is due 6 week formula pregnancy about a week however i'm going on vacation and i have received to take tablets from thursday for 2 weeks then i'll hopefully come on my interval. No matter occurs, this must be your choice. There are many explanation why girls expertise cramping throughout this time in being pregnant. Docs also might use private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave or take blood ulcers and pregnancy symptoms to examine hormone levels. Whenever you're around 12 weeks pregnant you should have your first ultrasound scan. It is best to keep away from exercising in heat temperatures together with staying out of the sauna or scorching tub. If the gassy trinity remains private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave be causing you issues, strive adding a tablespoon of fiber to every meal. My previous pregnancy eats put up principally focussed on tips on how to get goodness in throughout a time once you feel like supply teaching and pregnancy might have an all-day hangover. Medicines similar to terbutaline private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave magnesium sulfate might be given in preterm labor so as to cease the contractions and allow the uterus to relaxation. 1989. Shortly after conception, safe to conceive after chemical pregnancy cells in your vagina will begin to multiply and your vaginal walls will thicken, producing a milky white discharge often called leucorrhea. There's a vast vary of frames out there to go well with each fashion and budget. You have to ensure that she's her prescribed meals. Profitable ANRs depend on a stable and lengthy-time period relationship, as, in any other case it is vitally difficult to keep up a gradual milk circulation. Consuming whole grains might help meet the increased calorie requirements that include being pregnant, particularly in the course of the second and third trimesters. Lee, J. If it is another condition, your doc will point you in the right direction. I exploit have the IUD for meeical/maternity. Many women are private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave till their 30s and 40s to have kids. However with so many unknowns, it is essential to balance caution with perspective. Also referred to as implantation bleedingspotting could occur when the fertilized egg attaches to the liner of the uterus. You skilled it. Still, there is a high can polycystic ovaries prevent pregnancy of transmission of the drug to breast milk. Morning illness impacts most women and often passes after the first trimester. Three doctors did not even make it in time (and sure, they still acquired full pay). Most women are given some form of guideline with respect to how a lot weight they should roughly acquire every month and even trimester. I simply examined and naturally I acquired a adverse. Other than conception, there might be different causes for the delay, private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave to stress, fast weight reduction, lwave disruption, and many others. This aids in overall uterine function. Oh my god sure. Examine your BMI and adopt bodily workouts accordingly. It's going to push itself above your pelvic bone so chances are you'll get the primary imprecise outline of a child belly. By the time things got intense, she was crowning and out within private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave minutes. I've by no means had so dora nginza maternity ward individuals tell me how small my belly looks during a pregnancy earlier than, but I know it's all because of Fit2B getting my tummy muscular tissues again into good condition. Which means that you get warm, mildly out of breath, and mildly sweaty. Ensure to include enough protein, iron, zinc, vitamin C, and vitamin D in your weight loss program, because deficiencies in these nutrients have been linked to lengthened menstrual cycles (and due to this fact much less frequent ovulation) and a higher risk of early miscarriage. With the advancement of early … The Jobb-protected Syndrome Society of the United States stories TS to be the reason for as many as 10 of all miscarriages. First time in over a yr provate a half of making an attempt. Younger ladies with endometriosis who wish to conceive could require specialized therapies like IUI or IVF. The article right job-prktected solutions frequent questions about frequent urination, including when it'd point out a urinary tract infection. i m 30 and my spouse is 34 we private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave married before three years. Don't undertake intercourse as a job to supply infants. US Food and Drug Medical/maternitt. For the reason that earliest symptoms of being pregnant are much like those you pre-menstrual discomforts you feel, it is regular to mistake them from each other. At 40, it is thought that over eighty of a lady's remaining eggs could also be chromosomally abnormal. Unfortunately, the announcement was too late for Lelito, who had taken a job as a neurobiologist at a North Carolina-based mostly chemical company. Trying again, she says it's laborious to comprehend she was the identical individual - private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave he or she is relieved that James, now a happy out-going boy of eight, seems to have suffered no sick-effects. Have private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave ever gotten your interval again but. Assist your body and your baby's body get the nutrition it needs. The information unpleasant symptoms of pregnancy this web site has not private sector employees job-protected medical/maternity leave evaluated by the FDA and isn't supposed to diagnose, treat, forestall, or treatment any illness. An ectopic being pregnant usually happens in the tube that carries the egg from the ovary to the uterus (Fallopian hob-protected and is commonly referred to as a tubal job-orotected.More...
In my opinion you are mistaken. Let's discuss. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
15.12.2016 at 13:30 Mera:
Bravo, your phrase simply excellent
19.12.2016 at 11:32 Zolozahn:
It not absolutely approaches me. Perhaps there are still variants?
27.12.2016 at 10:05 Shasida:
Earlier I thought differently, many thanks for the help in this question.
30.12.2016 at 01:47 Mektilar:
This brilliant idea is necessary just by the way
05.01.2017 at 15:46 Telkis:
The absurd situation has turned out
13.01.2017 at 09:17 Zologrel:
I apologise, but it not absolutely approaches me. Who else, what can prompt?
18.01.2017 at 01:09 Zur:
It is a pity, that now I can not express - it is very occupied. But I will be released - I will necessarily write that I think.
22.01.2017 at 19:30 Tam:
You are absolutely right. In it something is also to me it seems it is good thought. I agree with you.
30.01.2017 at 07:37 Tazahn:
It is more than word!
St. Mary's University
Halifax, NS
Ecole Gron Morgan School
Thunder Bay, ON
University of Manitoba Student Union
Winnipeg, MB
Place du Portage
Gatineau, QB
Edmonton Federal Building
Edmonton, AB
Hotel-Dieu Arthabaska
Victoriaville, QC
Allandale Long-Term Care Facility
Milton, ON
Women's & Children's Centre
Vancouver, BC
Canadian Forces Base
Trenton, ON
Bromptonville Multifamily Project
Bromptonville, QC
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
107 Atlantic Avenue
Toronto, ON
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K over Acousti-Mat® 3 HP and Maxxon® MR
Upper Montney Estates
Dawson Creek, BC
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
Carre-Richelieu Condominiums
Châteauguay, QB
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
District Condominiums - Phase II
Winnipeg, MB
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K over Acousti-Mat® 3
The Westhill
Waterloo, ON
Dura-Cap®
Comfort Inn
Moose Jaw, SK
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
Branthaven Homes
Burlington, ON
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
Seniors' Affordable Housing Project
Sarnia, ON
- Dura-Cap®
District Condominiums - Phase I
Winnipeg, MB
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K over Acousti-Mat® II
Hamilton, ON Condominiums
Hamilton, ON
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
John Woodruff, Architect
Kelowna, BC
- Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
Val-Halle Holding Co.
Hammonds Plains, Nova Scotia
- Gyp-Crete®
Montreal West Town Hall
Montreal, QC
- Acousti-Mat® 3, Level-Right® LDF, Maxxon® Reinforcement, Gyp-Crete 2000®/3.2K
Affinity Credit Union
Saskatoon, SK
Best Buy
Burlington, ON
Times Maternity, Mic Mac Mall
Dartmouth, NS
Chapters Book Store
Calgary, Alberta
Designers' Walk
Toronto, ON
Winners Store, Garden City Shopping Center
Winnipeg, MBYou can view your Hotspot Shield account information from your Dashboard. It’s where you can manage your subscription, devices, and profile.
To view your Dashboard:
- Go to
- Enter your username and password. Hint: Your username is normally your email
- Then click ID/Names in order to identify them easier in the future by clicking on "Details" in the "Devices" section. You can also remove devices that you no longer use or do not want on the account in "Details".
You can also choose to subscribe to email and/or sms product updates and notifications in the "Product Updates" section.
In the "Download" section you can download Hotspot Shield for your device. Note: you need to access the download link from the device itself in order to install Hotspot Shield on that device.
Finally, you can sign-out from your Dashboard in the "Sign Out" section.
McCann Street in Ottawa, Ontario
Below this text you can see the position of the McCann Street on the Ottawa street map (ON, Canada). (Map powered by Google). GPS coordinates for the McCann Street are: 45.25936,-75.92265. Anything interesing in McCann Street? Add it as comment on bottom of this page.
McCann Street on map:
Anything interesting in McCann Street in Ottawa, CA
If you know any interesting object or business in McC Duck Drive Vancouver Avenue Sunset Cove Circle Maud Street Urbisci Private Promenade Avenue Sunnybrooke Drive Hollowbrook Drive Scampton Drive King Arthur Street Acadian Garden Sawmill Creek Crescent Langlade Road Lazard Street Buttonfield Place Woodglen GateFounded. With an emphasis on R&D, the company is continuously extending its product family with award-winning software that addresses the needs of users. Some of the most recent products include Game Booster, IObit Uninstaller, and IObit Toolbox. IObit has experienced significant growth in the last few years, becoming one of the largest providers of system utility software. The company will continue to grow with its dedication to innovation and user satisfaction.News Article and Commentary
The Muslim radicals of ISIS said they were killing the Egyptians, not because they were Egyptians but because they were CHRISTIANS! – the People of the Cross.
These were foreign workers in Libya who came to work so they could send money home to their families (the women crying to the right).
Obama does not want to admit this is a religious war and Muslims are killing Christians.
Watch the video and catch up a bit with this shameful and disgusting episode in world history and the cowardice of America (or at least it’s current leadership).
{ 1 comment… read it below or add one }
Quite brave of Pope Francis to call the martyred Egyptian Coptic Christians “Christian” as their church does not accept the Council of Chalcedon’s definition of Christ regarding his personhood and natures. The Roman Catholic does not officially consider their religion “Chrtistian” by Roman Catholic criteria (Catechism and canon law).
As far as the President not calling them Egyptian and not saying “Christian”: if the US is to build more of a coalition with other nations (especially predominantly Islamic nations) against ISIS, then calling the Christian martyrs “Egyptians” is important, even if Roman Catholicism does not officially consider them Christians.Sleeves
We have actual measurable progress.
The sleeves really still look like the pic below (although the perspective in this pic is skewed because the two sections are not as equal in length as they look here). All that's left to do is to sew the sleeve pieces together, topstitch 'em and then set the completed sleeves into the armholes. Oh, and then topstitch on the yokes. In the top photo, I was remembering my goofed-up muslin sleeves and making sure I have the placket band going in the correct direction and attached at the appropriate place. I don't want to be buttoning up my sleeves at my inner wrists. ;-) I'm pretty sure I have it right so after dinner … I. Will. Finish. The. Jacket. After I check the plackets once more, of course.
Debbie, it is looking really really nice. I love both the colour and patterns. Hurry and finish it, want to see you modelling it.
Debbie, Your jacket is terrific. You have taught me a great lesson on working through the problems encountered in creating. I would have put the jacket on the back burner (forever) with you tutu issues. All that ripping would have overwhelmed me. Great lesson. May I remember your perseverance next time I am in that spot. Super job.
AnneWelcome to the Transnational Family Justice Network!
This network seeks to bring together scholars, policy makers and practitioners with a shared interest in transnational family justice: individuals’ experiences and the regulation, at the national and international level, of citizenship rights and claims in terms of transnational family and intimate relationships.
The social justice implications of family migration have become an issue that requires significant scholarly and public attention, against the backdrop of ongoing migration crises, the resurgence of ethnic nationalism, frequent portrayals in political and media discourse of family migration as a social problem, and widespread public hostility towards immigration.
This network seeks to facilitate debate and collaboration on these issues. It is international in scope, and it seeks to engage with policy makers, practitioners and academics in a range of disciplines across the social sciences, such as sociology, anthropology, social policy, geography, law and politics.
We seek to instigate dialogue on questions such as the following:
-?Scaffolding A scaffold is: Scaffolding: • A temporary platform, either supported from below or suspended from above, on which workers sit or stand when performing tasks at heights above the ground. Scaffolding: the context provided by knowledgeable people such as adults to help children to develop their cognitive skills. An important aspect of scaffolding is that there is a gradual withdrawal of support as the child’s knowledge and confidence increase. Without Scaffolding in a traditional classroom • Typical teaching: teacher tells and the student listens, then the student tells (or regurgitates information on a written test) and the teacher evaluates. • The knowledge is declarative, decontextualised, and inert (think of a classroom dominated by lecture). Knowledge is not personally constructed nor applied. Without scaffolding: With Scaffolding: Teachers model strategies and knowledgemaking in the context of task completion, and then students attempt to do the task the way the teacher did it. • The learning here is directed by a teacher who models appropriate strategies for meeting particular purposes, guides students in their use of the strategies, and provides a meaningful and relevant context for using the strategies. • Support, in the form of explicit teaching, occurs over time until students master the new strategies, and know how and when to use them. Buildings meant to last and stand on their own! • I do You Watch I do You Help You Do I Help You Do I Watch What does scaffolding do? • Provides clear direction and reduces students’ confusion • Clarifies purpose • Keeps students on task – • Clarifies expectations and incorporates assessment and feedback • Points students to worthy sources • Reduces uncertainty, surprise, and disappointment • Delivers efficiency • Creates momentum How do we teachers scaffold? • Motivate or enlist the child’s interest related to the task • Simplify the task to make it more manageable and achievable for a child • Provide some direction in order to help the child focus on achieving the goal • Clearly indicate differences between the child’s work and the standard or desired solution • Reduce frustration and risk • Model and clearly define the expectations of the activity to be performed Other ways we scaffold: • Offering Explanations • Inviting Student Participation • Verifying and Clarifying Student Understanding • Modeling Desired Behaviours • Inviting Students to Contribute Clues • Working with peers who may be helpful Practical Scaffolds • • • • • • • • • models, cues, prompts, hints, partial solutions, think-aloud modeling direct instruction, external representations – graphs, tables, building upon questions The Levels of Scaffolding Level 0: Provides no assistance, Level 1: Offers a general verbal encouragement, Level 2: Gives specific verbal instruction, Level 3: Assists in choosing materials, Level 4: Prepares materials for use, Level 5: Demonstrates use or operation Scaffolding Examples from Expository Writing Lesson A Scaffolding Example: Teaching about writing an expository paragraph, grade 9 Applied: • Motivational Introduction as Scaffold: • Mini-lecture with overheads and graphics: • Leading questions as scaffold: Scaffolds for Expository Writing Lesson • • • • Examples as Scaffold: Handout as Scaffold: Group Work as Scaffolds: Posters are posted around the room as future scaffolds to writing. • Writing an expository piece: Culminating Activity: A brainstorming "Thought Web" and a “Think Aloud” • Teacher Conference and Writing Process What scaffolding is happening in this cartoon? What does scaffolding require? • Knowledge of each student and student’s ability • Not taking learning for granted Learning to Swim: Is this where we begin? What is the scaffolding in this picture? What is the scaffolding in this picture? More scaffolding Demonstration as scaffold More scaffolding Physical Layout provides scaffolding Too many scaffolds? Scaffolding withdrawn: On to the next challenge! Welcome to: Queen’s “Save Your Life” Teaching Program Have you ever taught swimming? • Who? Your students are not swimmers. They are 4-6 years of age, and have never swum. Many are afraid of the water. Few have been in water without their parents. However, some are comfortable in water and even may enter water independently. Many cannot float. Some are hysterical. All are cold. • What? Your course: To achieve the Tadpole badge in life-saving and swimming, the children must be able to swim to the opposite width of the pool independently. • (To achieve the Minnow badge, children must swim across the pool, in the deep end, independently. But that’s another course!) • Where? Your classroom: the pool, equipped with these resources: floaties, tables, water toys, flutter boards, anything that money can buy to teach kids to swim • Why? (end or goal) Overarching or General Expectation: • By the end of this course, and to achieve the Tadpole badge, the child will swim across the pool independently and comfortably.The holiday season is in full swing.
And Frontline staff bloggers would like to extend a special thanks to all its readers.
We will not publish any new posts until the week of January 3, 2012.
You can count on us to keep you up to date on the issues affecting fire fighters and EMS workers in the New Year.
Have a wonderful and safe holiday.
Cheers!
© 2015 - IAFFToday: enjoy one of the many fiction stories and non-fiction articles about puppies of all kinds found in Cricket Media magazines. Here are two good stories to download below. “Sheep Dogs on the Job” comes from Click Magazine and “Greyfriars Bobby” appeared in Spider. For even more puppy-related content, order our Dog Theme Pack, which contains 3 awesome back issues all about your favorite furry friend.
Whichever way you choose to celebrate, don’t forget to give every pup you meet a special belly rub today. After all, it’s their day!
Click Magazine: Sheep Dogs on the Job
Spider Magazine: Greyfriars Bobby
Add CommentPrivate Housing: Problems and Prospects Aug 22, 2011 6:08:49 GMT -5 Quote Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by campbell81 on Aug 22, 2011 6:08:49 GMT -5 It is an acknowledged fact that public sector investment in housing is very small in comparison to the investments made by the private sector. The total public sector investment in housing during the Sixth Plan was a paltry Rs.3, 271.4 crore. The private sector’s investment in housing during the same period was Rs.18, 000 crore which represents 82 percent of the total investments in the housing sector (this is according to the estimates prepared by the Central Statistical Organization). During the Seventh Five Year Plan, the investment made by the public sector in housing is above Rs.4, 626.55 crore, while the private sector investment is around Rs.29, 000 crore. The Seventh plan outlay for the housing sector is as follows:A. States and Union Territories:1. Rural house-site-cum-house construction2. Social and departmental housing schemes3. Police housing scheme: States and Union TerritoriesB. Central Sector4. Housing and Urban Development Corporation5. National Building Organization6. Hindustan Prefab Ltd7. General pool office and residential accommodation8. Plantation labor housing9. Science and Technology development10. Dock labor housing11. Central Public Works Department (CPWD) training institute12. House building advance13. National Housing Bank14. International Year of Shelter for the Homeless and International Cooperation The Seventh Plan outlay helped to solve some of the problems in states like Kerala that was witnessing severe scarcity of land and other attendant problems. When considering the developments in Real Estate Kochi saw much property development mainly due to the proper dissemination of funds allotted by the central government to speed up housing development. Social and departmental housing schemes got a boost as a result of this policy.You are in Accommodation > North Central > Anuradhapura > Bungalows > Chalaka Holiday Home
Type:
Bungalow
Rate: Rs. 2,000 to Rs.7,500 Per Day
Rooms: 4
Sleeps: 12
Bills included? Yes
Facilities
Chalaka residence is bungalow with 03 double rooms and 01 family room with A/C under friendly enviornment.
Entire house conveniently accomadates for 12 people . It is located in new town ,Anuradhapura and takes only a few minutes to sacred city.
Account Details
name :- G.N Widyalankara
BOC Anuradhapura
AC No :- 72484829
Sampath bank-anuradhapura
AC No:-100459254857
Rental rates:Entire bungalow with A/C 8500.00
Entire bungalow with non A/C-7500.00
Family room with A/C-3000.00
family room with non A/C -2500.00
Double room with A/C -2500.00
Double room with non A/C -2000.00
please contact
Name: Eng. Gayan Widyalankara
Tel: 0714803364
Address: No 607, stage 2, Anuradhapura
To book/reserve please contact:
back to results
All ads are completely free!:
- HDMI out
- Dolby Digital support
- HD rentals via iTunes
Apple tv Disadvantages:
- Limited storage capacity
- No keyboard or mouse support
- No DVD/Blu-ray or any other media drive
- No access to the operating system
- Dead USB port).
- Apple tv ($229, but often available refurbed for $199)
- Mac mini ($599 but sometimes (not too often) available refurbed for $499)
Remember, this is a fully functioning computer, so once it’s hooked up to your A/V set-up, you can surf the web, write emails, chat, and pretty much anything you do with any other computer.
- HDMI cable ($20 — and don’t spend any more than that, you don’t need to.)
- An HDMI-capable A/V receiver. Mine is a Denon 3808ci, which is over $1000, but there are plenty of good alternatives, some for less than $400. Choosing an A/V receiver is worthy of an article unto itself, so I won’t go into that much detail here.
- A wide screen LCD or Plasma display. I’d probably shoot my wad on this if you haven’t already taken the plunge. Prices are falling, but budget between $1500 and $2000 for a good bordering on great flat screen. Panasonic and Pioneer for plasmas, Sony, Samsung and Toshiba for LCD. Plasmas generally offer deeper blacks, while LCDs will suck slightly less energy and may cost less in the long run.
- Additional external storage. I use the LaCie Mini HD 500Gb Hub because it fits right under the mini’s footprint, but you may like the looks of the Western Digital My Book Studio line, which are created to compliment the Apple silver-and-white look. The My Book Studio comes in 1Tb and 2Tb models which should store just about anything you want to cram into them.
- If you’re going to hook the Mac mini directly to your A/V setup, you’ll also need a DVI cable, a digital audio cable, a keyboard and a mouse. The mini has Bluetooth built-in, so any Bluetooth keyboard and mouse will work, but I elected to stay inside the Apple look-n-feel and got me the wireless keyboard and the somewhat stupidly designed Mighty Mouse. I use the mini infrequently as a stand-alone computer so they do the job admirably, plus they’re small and easy to hide away in my component cabinet.
- Handbrake is the software I use to rip movies from DVDs. It has an easy to understand front-end to select the various audio tracks (each DVD comes with several) and the optional captioning (for your foreign language films, because no one likes a dubbed movie, do they?) and supports just about every format you might want, from MP4 to Apple tv to iPod and iPhone.?
By James McNally 25 July 2008 - 10:15!“If your business is not on the internet then your business will be out of business” – Bill Gates
Internet is full of money, you only have to go in right way to bank it in your account. For that you must have internet marketing skills. When I started my journey with internet marketing, for one year I didn’t earn a single penny. After one year I started analyzing my one year journey and found where I lacked.
So I came to conclusion that I didn’t get proper guidance in this field. Then I decided to get some guidance from skilled and successful people who already doing well in this field. So my suggestion is if you have reached your fist milestone, it does not meant that you achieved your goal.
If you’re happy by earning $1000 or $2000 per month then my suggestion is just leave this field. You are not at right track of your life. You can earn that amount anywhere. Internet marketing is not a job, it is entrepreneurship. You do not have to work for anyone. People call it Laptop Style and earning hell lot of money. People are earning $5K in a day and you are happy with only $2k/month? WTF!! Set a big goal man and chess it. This is not a big deal, you only need some patience and right guidance to enhance your skills.
Do you want to enhance your internet marketing skills? You must have a proper guidance for it else you will travel on wrong path for long time as I spent 1 years in it. For proper guidance you must have an experienced and successful internet marketer who can guide you in right way. Eben Pagan’s is a successful internet marketer, well known around the world. Eben Pagan’s just launched his brand new digital marketing lectures best known as “Digital Product Blueprint 2016”.
Table Of Content
Digital Product Blueprint 2016 reviews
Vendor: Eben Pagan
Product: Digital Product Blueprint 2016
Launch Date: 2016-09-27
Launch Time: 09:00 EDT
He is an American born entrepreneur, internet marketer, author and speaker whose estimated earning around $2.2 million in 2014 and currently he is earning around $147 million per year. He born in Brooklyn, New York and best known for teaching dating advice to men (under the stage-name David AeAngelo),as well as business management, growth and personal development skills to internet marketers.
Eben Pagan is regarded as most respected and successful internet marketer globally. He is well known for his down to earth, methodical and professional style. He teaches many internet marketers globally through his mix of video training, webinars, written guides and seminars.
Eben’s business success is because of his ability to find, research and create valuable products that are on high demand. Each of his products was based upon the feedback he receive from the market telling him what they wanted. All his secrete behind his business success is explained in this brand new Digital Products Blueprint 2016.
Other Products by Eben Pagan:
- Marketing Master Plan
- Get Altitude
- Wake Up Productive
- GURU Traffic Intensive
- GURU Masterclass
- Digital Products Blueprint
All these products by Eben Pagan has got great success and helped many internet marketers to double their business in few months only. Digital Products Blueprint is latest upcoming product by this great internet marketer.
So let’s take an overview of Digital Products Blueprint 2016…
Digital Products Blueprint Review
What You Will Learn:
Well this blueprint is divided into two modules:
- Niche Authority
- Brand Authority
Under Niche authority you will get the basic to advance knowledge on following topics:
- Introduction
- Why you need a brand to succeed online?
- What Is A Brand?
- What Aspects Make A Brand?
- How to Come Up With a Mission Statement
- Apple’s Values Statement & Why They’re Successful
- Writing Your Mission Statement – Your Promise
- Coming Up With a Company or Website Name
- Considerations for Your Company or Website Name
- Getting a Website
- Creating Your Logo – What Makes A Good Logo?
- Ideation – Coming Up With A Concept For Design
- Designing a Logo Yourself
- Outsourcing Your Logo Design
- Protecting Your Trademark
- Using Your Logo and Being Everywhere
- More Materials to Create
- Creating a Personal Brand
- Being Everywhere – Building Trust
- Content Marketing and Becoming An Authority
- Creating Relationships
- Under Promise and Over Deliver
- Increasing Brand Loyalty
- Marketing Your Brand
- Content Marketing For Exposure
- Guest Posting And Press Releases
- Advertising And SEO
- How To Manage Your Brand And Reputation
- Reputation Management
- What To Do If You’re Planning on Rebranding
- And Much More!
Under brand authority module these following topics are covered:
- Introduction And What You Will Learn
- What is a Niche? Some Statistics
- How Have You Chosen Your Niches to Date?
- Avoid This Common Strategy
- Starting with Self Interests
- Examples of Blogs on Personal Interests
- Combining a Niche with a Personal Brand
- Tapping Into Your Love of Learning
- Why Listen to a Learner?
- Go Where the Money Is
- What Makes a Niche Profitable?
- Some High Earning Niches To Consider
- Profitability and Your Target Audience
- Profitability and Evergreen Sites
- Zeroing in on a Certain Demographic
- Shrinking Your Audience
- Choosing Your Audience
- Is Your Niche Content Rich?
- Researching Your Niche and Coming Up With Topics
- Is It Click Worthy?
- Digital Product Affiliate Promotion Potential
- Finding a Niche for Digital Affiliate Products
- Big Affiliate Networks
- Think in Terms of Tangible Affiliate Profits
- Is There Room for You to Launch Products?
- Consider Whether There’s Space for Your Product
- Products for Smaller Niches
- Validating Your Product
- Keyword Research Tools To Find Hot Niches
- LongTail Pro And SpyFu
- Google’s Keyword Planner
- SEOBook’s Keyword Tools
And Much More!UF Postdoctoral Editors Association
We provide free, confidential editing of manuscripts, abstracts, grant proposals, and slides/posters for meetings or other scholarly writings.
The UF Postdoctoral Editors Association is open and free to all postdoctoral associates and fellows at the University of Florida. Our goal is to facilitate postdoc-mentor interactions during the writing process by minimizing time spent on basic writing skills. Our volunteer editors primarily review submissions for clarity of meaning; we offer no or minimal scientific review of manuscripts because this content should reflect critical thinking of the postdoctoral scholar and their mentor(s).
Interested in using our service? Please use the link below to start the editing process:
Postdoc Editors:
Interested in volunteering to edit?
Please contact the Editor-in-Chief at jmcquail@ufl.eduEd Yong has a great write-up of an interesting little study in Current Biology (Ekroll, Sayim, Vander Hallen & Wagemans, 2016) that caught my eye. The study reports an illusion (the 'shrunken finger illusion') that shows how amodal volume completion can make you feel like your finger has shrunk, and everyone is very excited about how this shows our experience of the hidden back-sides of objects is "real".
In this post, I'll review the results, do a little ecological finger wagging about the breathless write-up (Ekroll's, not Ed's) and think about some studies the ecological reframing of the effect might motivate. Briefly, I think this effect is definitely real, and that we really do genuinely perceive hidden objects under certain circumstances. Of course, this has nothing to do with amodal mental representations of what we think is there and everything to do with the information the system is interacting with, but you know that of course because this is always the answer!
Wednesday, 11 May 2016
The Shrunken Finger Illusion
Posted by Andrew Wilson at 10:53 1 comments
Don Quixote – Dorothée Gilbert and Karl Paquette Ballet / Dance Diana Vishneva. The Rubies. Ballet / Dance Romeo and Juliet pas de deux – Diana Vishneva and Vladimir Shklyarov Ballet / Dance Romeo and Juliet balcony pdd – Diana Vishneva and Vladimir Shklyarov Ballet / Dance Sleeping beauty II act – Myriam Ould-Braham& Mathias Heymann Ballet / Dance Dances at a gathering – Nolwenn Daniel and Joshua Hoffalt Ballet / Dance Uliana Lopatkina – Dying swan Ballet / Dance Sleeping beauty II act Aurora variation – Myriam Ould-Braham Ballet / Dance Sleeping beauty I act variation – Myriam Ould-Braham Ballet / Dance Prince Desire solo – Mathias Heymann – 1080p Ballet / Dance Man throws phone into water lol Entertainment / Funny & Cute Keith Combs genus Keyboards / Light & Jazz / Music Antonina Vesenina: Tchaikovsky, Rimsky-Korsakov, Russian folk song, Rossini, Bernstein – 1080p Music / Opera Antonina Vesenina – Mozart & Rimsky-Korsakov – 1080p Music / Opera Spartak Spartacus – Nina Kaptsova Ivan Vasiliev Bolshoi Ballet, 1080p Ballet / Dance Daredevil Goslings Make a Terrifying Jump for Life Amazing / Education / Entertainment « Previous 1 … 85 86 87 88 89 ….Home Design Pc Game Download is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for motivation about you search. The exactly dimensions of Home Design Pc Game Download was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Home Design Pc Game Download by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Home Design Pc Game Download just drive another button or prior button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Home Design Pc Game Home Design Pc Game Download on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Results 1 - 15 of 52
1.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior; being part of the message and documents communicated to the two Houses of Congress at the beginning of the first session of the Fifty-second Congress. In five volumes. Volume I.
Date: December 7, 1891
2.
Claims examined and allowed since January 15, 1890. Letter from the Acting Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a list of claims arising under the Act of July 4, 1864, examined and allowed since January 15, 1890. February 10, 1891. -- Referred to the Committee on War Claims.
Date: February 10, 1891
4.
Fourth of July claims. Letter from the Acting Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a list of claims arising under the act of July 4, 1864, examined and allowed since February 7, 1891. April 21, 1892. -- Referred to the Committee on War Claims and ordered to be printed.
Date: April 21, 1892
5.
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a supplemental bill of claims allowed by the accounting officers of the Treasury under act of March 3, 1849. March 2, 1885. -- Referred to the Committee on Claims and ordered to be printed.
Date: March 2, 1885
7.
Waiver of title 28, United States Code, section 142 for a term of court at Bridgeport in the District of Connecticut. May 7, 1962. -- Committed to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed.
Date: May 7, 1962
8.
Date: January 1, 1905
9.
Date: December 6, 1920
10.
Date: January 1, 1915
11.
Date: January 1, 1912
12.... by John Bassett Moore, LL. D... Volume I.
Date: March 3, 1901
13.High schoolers perform for positive living
Students from Alfred E. Smith took the top prize Friday night at a performing arts competition at Lehman High School, beating out teams from three other schools.
The "My School Has Rhythm, Not Violence" competition is the result of an NYPD school safety program on living positively.
School safety officers spent three months meeting with groups from Alfred E. Smith, JFK, Adlai Stevenson and Evander Childs high schools to talk about drug abuse, violence and bullying.
Each group was asked to create a song, poem, rap or dance to teach their peers about one of those issues.
During the three-hour event, the groups focused on life as teens in the Bronx and the changes they'd like to see.- These experiences cause students to find connections between topics. This is also called schema-building.
- Long-term memory and skill building happens through practice*
- Students can look at the larger picture and take context and situation into account much more effectively.
The point of all of this is that authentic learning experiences are important and worth your time as an educator. The point of the rest of this is to reflect on why, if authentic learning is so damn awesome, does it feel so terrible while it's happening!
***
Confession - I was never a huge fan of The Karate Kid. I know, I grew up in the 90's so I should be all over that, but it never happened. I begrudgingly watched (and liked) the one where he waxes on and off. At least I think I liked it. I actually don't remember a whole lot from that movie other than the scene where he waxes on and off. Truth be told, my most lasting memory of The Karate Kid is watching the movie and thinking about how terrible that whole process must have been for the kid. Maybe I didn't like it that much after all!
Do you remember what comes after the wax-on wax-off scene? A montage! There's an absolutely terrible movie came out in 2004 called Team America. The entire movie is puppetry. Maybe you remember it. When all seems lost, we enter to montage phase where the hero pretty much learns to be awesome.
And that's just it! We are taught through movies, sports, pop culture, politics and every other life venture that the stuff that leads up to the moment is just a montage. It cannot possibly be as vital to the story as the game winning shot, the damning argument in the debate or the crescendo at the sold-out concert.
There's a reason the events that comprise a montage are put into a montage in the first place. If they were given their proportionate due, you would turn off the movie and ask for a refund because it would be boring, repetitive, often frustrating and full of not-so-glamorous moments where the hero of the story looks like an bumbling idiot.
My dad came and worked with my government students the other day. A little while into the work day, he made a this is like pulling teeth motion at me with his hand. I smiled, knowing that somewhere deep inside he felt my pain. Getting teenagers to work hard enough to create something authentic has its moments of wonder, many of which have made it into this blog. But I think I have not appreciated the importance of the montage moments in the process, and that could be why I feel like the wonderful moments are spread too far apart.
Really, that's the important piece to remember - that it is all a process. The process will have highs and lows. The process will feel like an utter failure at times. The process will, as my dad put it so astutely, sometimes feel like pulling teeth. When it does feel that way, keep pushing through to the moment where it all becomes worth the pain and takes notes for the next time around that may help make it all less painful. It's also important to remind your students of the whole process. They need to hear you say that they are doing really well (assuming they are) and that you see their effort (assuming you do). Like with all communication with students, honestly being positive helps tremendously when you need to be honestly critical of student work and effort.
No matter what, embrace the montage! Without it, the hero never becomes the hero!
Get in touch!Straight Distance
Driving Distance
Estimated Driving Time
The straight distance between Buechel, KY and Bandana, KY is , but the driving distance is .
It takes to go from Buechel, Kentucky to Bandana, Kentucky.
Latitude: 38.1951 // Latitude: -85.6519
We're sorry but Buechel, KY weather is not available right now.
Latitude: 37.1462 // Latitude: -88.9459
We are sorry, but Bandana, KY weather is not available right now.Events Recap
Key takeaways from FI2020 Week events worldwide, focusing on the biggest gaps to achieving financial inclusion by 2020, concrete action steps, and salient quotes..
What are the three biggest gaps to achieving financial inclusion in your context in the next five years?
Our experience shows that three of the most important gaps to achieving financial inclusion in the Latin America and Caribbean region over the next five years are (1) slow improvements in people’s financial capabilities, (2) a lack of investments in banking and ICT infrastructures; and (3) a lack of innovation in product development and service improvement.
What is one concrete action that people at your event can take to further financial inclusion?
Savings groups are an informal mechanism to provide financial services for poor people. They can be the first step to familiarize low-income people with financial products. However, in order to achieve financial inclusion through savings groups, there should be alliances with formal institutions willing to take the groups to the next level. These institutions should adapt their products and services to the needs and characteristics of this population. The products to be offered should combine convenience for the client with efficiency for the financial institution.
Quotes from the discussion:
Financial inclusion means everyone has a good choice of financial products and services that can help them live better now, tomorrow or in 15 years. We must make it possible.
- Fermín Vivanco, Senior Specialist, Access to Finance Unit, Multilateral Investment Fund, IDB Group
As we move forward in expanding the access to financial services and setting new goals, we should not lose sight of our goal of empowering and improving the living conditions of vulnerable populations. Understanding people´s needs, developing innovative low-costs business models and ensuring consumer protection, are key ingredients to achieve this purpose.
- María Luisa Hayem, Specialist, Access to Finance Unit, Multilateral Investment Fund, IDB Group
Efforts to build and improve the financial capabilities of low-income consumers need to take a special place in financial inclusion strategies worldwide. In this regard, it is particularly important to ensure that financial capability initiatives are sustainable and have the potential to reach scale. Greater collaborative efforts between governments and private sector institutions are needed to achieve these goals.
- Lukas Keller, Fellow, Multilateral Investment Fund, IDB GroupLOOK: Carlo Loreto is going green
He’s serious about getting fit and shedding a few pounds.
It may be close to Christmas already, but Leyte Vice Governor Carlo Loreto is starting to get more and more vegetables into his system. In fact, he has arranged for personal deliveries of homegrown leafy greens to his office just so he can have a steady supply of fresh vegetables.
Here he is getting his serving of lettuce delivered straight to his office at the provincial capitol.
It’s a salad galore!If you’re searching for that one person that will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Get Inspired ~ Inspire Others – Inspirational Quotes, Pictures and Motivational Thoughts.
<<< Welcome Home ~ A Beautiful Place >>>
Related posts:
Life is a gift ~ Positive Thinking
Anger Management ~ Health Tips
Inspirational Positive Thinking Quotes
Motivational Quotes ;Lucky people get opportunities;
Positive thinking quote;Transform every negative energy
Thought for the day;A challenge is an opportunity
Awesome quote for beautiful people
Quote on Happiness
It is very easy to say busy when someone needs youHome > English > Cinema > Kill Bill, Part 1
"Chicks with swords "
Kill Bill, Part 1
Pop-asian culture according to Quentin Tarantino
Monday 1 December 2003, by
Remember Fox Force Five, the unsuccessful TV show pilot Mia Wallace talks about in Pulp Fiction? Well, Uma Thurman is back in this new Tarantino release, not as a police chick expert in knives, but a katana-slashing killing machine seeking revenge on ex-colleagues of an organisation of female assassins.
Uma Thurman is only known in this first installment as "The Bride", and her real name is not revealed. Its not that important anyway, since she is better known by the people she is hunting down on both sides of the Pacific ocean as "The Black Mamba", the deadliest of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad.
The film starts four years back, with The Bride getting an unexpected visit from her colleagues, her boss Bill (David Carradine) and his brother Budd (Michael Madsen) at her wedding ceremony. The Bride gets beaten nearly to death by her former squad, sees her ceremony end in bloodshed, and finally gets a bullet in the head after telling former lover Bill that he is the father of her pregnant girl. But those who betrayed her made the fatal mistake of not making sure the Black Mamba was dead and buried.
Black Mamba awakes from a coma in a hospital room four years later, to discover that she has lost her baby. The storyline in this movie is full of suspense, but as in all Tarantino movies it consists of flashbacks and ellipses. The end as well is intentionally obvious: a kind of Tarantino way to answer the problem of having the good assassin live till her promise for revenge is fulfilled. You know Uma Thurman is going to get every single one of them until a still unknown climax, and that’s the point. Its not second-degree, its a Tarantino-degree movie. And it makes you want to see the second part even more.
The photography is brilliant. A perfect format for Kill Bill would indeed be a comic or manga, and I’m sure we’ll see a few of those coming out pretty soon. After the first half-hour, those who could not take the constant outflows of blood pouring on the screen had all gone. Those who stayed watched till the end the Tarantino approach on the Art of kung fu movies and manga culture. Kill Bill is different from most films of the same category, in that it manages both to parody and to celebrate the genre.
Tarantino switched from Pulp comics to Manga and anime, but in this fourth movie he has perfected his film-making techniques and explored new ones. The chapter about O Ren Ishii’s childhood (Lucy Liu) is entirely in anime produced in Japan, and includes all that could not be shown on film. The graphic and moral violence (tons of blood, pedophilia, etc.) are exaggerated, as it is part of manga storylines. The result is that the extreme violence of the movie is done more intelligibly than gratitiously, and is therefore not unbearable to watch.
Kill Bill has not yet been released in Japan, China and Asia, but the film was made probably with a special mention to its future audience there. After all, Japan in particular is a country where manga magazines thick as a telephone book and printed on rough pulp paper, circulate in the tens of millions every week. Most characters are Japanese and Asian. The title itself, Kill Bill, sounds like a typical manga, and gives an excellent Japanese phonetic Kirubiru.
Women killers is a whole movie genre in Japan, the famous yakuza no jousei movies of gangster ladies avenging their loved ones. Some characters are direct stereotypes of manga and anime icons, like the degenerate and sadistic schoolgirl Go-go Yubari, (played brilliantly by Kuriyama Chiriaki), a cross-section of shoujo girl comics and Sadako in The Ring (The original version, not the pathetic USA remake).
I wasn’t always totally convinced by Uma Thurman’s acting in movies like Gattaca, but in both Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill, her performance matches perfectly her characters. Lucy Liu is excellent as a gorgeously psychopathic assassin- also head of the Tokyo yakuza council. Its a shame though that this actress is not given a wider range of characters other than this usual profile. Still, her "sinister black eyes" as The RZA puts it never cease to steal away the attention of the audience.
In all Tarantino movies, music does a lot more than just accompany the action, it structures the way Tarantino wants us to watch his movies. And the Soundtrack must be heard for its own sake. In fact, the music was chosen by The RZA and Tarantino to encompass not only anime or kung fu movie soundtracks, but also spaghetti western movie melodies, such as Luis Bacalov’s the Grand Duel, which sounds as if it was taken directly from an Ennio Morricone tune.
Both Far West and Samurai movies have always inspired each other a lot (Seven Samurai/ Seven Mercenaries, or Sergio Leone’s remake of Kurosawa’s Youjimbo, A Fistful of Dollars). But only Tarantino could have been ever able to bring Morricone, funky anime and samurai movie music together and make it sound so good, even when he takes the soundtrack of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly in the trailer for the second installment.
Mixing elements of Asian and American popular culture, like the multiracial assassination squad, Chicks with Swords, yakuza and underground gangster movie themes, was a job for Tarantino. Most movies of the same kind are often really bad, but you forget that soon after watching Kill Bill. Part II in April 2004.
Forum posts
1. > Kill Bill, Part 1, 12 May 2004, 02:36, by dark-crossed ace
Having seen both installments of "kill bill" and reading your article, I don’t think Tarantino created anything that was brilliant in this movie. Vol 1 was made with a storyline that was anime-ish, with some japanese animation and exaggerated violent martial arts theme; it was like a westernized version of an anime with the killer chicks and pervs, which are also some typical description of some anime characters. I think Tarantino is a copycat of popular japanese anime themes, because he knows that not many people out there are familiar with anime. So he created a westernized version of anime and presented his work which gained popularity in the west. Even movie critics cannot see that his work was not original and it was just a combination of things that have already been used in anime.
Relating to your article, I perceive you come to dislike what tarantino in this movie as you mention about asian stereotypes that were used in the movie. We come to agree that hollywood deceives people with movies that have themes originally created from the east. I’m glad to see a writer who sees more than what other critics see from hollywood these days.
1. > Kill Bill, Part 1, 16 May 2004, 19:42, by Christopher Montel
What would be interesting would be to see the reaction amongst the Japanese and Chinese audience, amongst others, to this Hollywood production. But what I would still say about this Tarantino release is that it intentionally blows these Asian Kung fu stereotypes out of proportion, his usual angle, to make it his own. The damage would probably be indeed as you say in the general communication made about this movie in the West (Even more so in Europe I think), which seems to totally bypass what Tarantino wanted to present. Thanks for the message.RRC culinary arts grad takes top title in England
Sam Calvert, CONTRIBUTOR
Ferguson prepared an appetizer at a Jeunes Chefs Rôtisseurs competition. The appetizer helped him earned bronze in the competition. SUPPLIED/ Chaine des Rotisseurs Canada
With one piece of cake, Red River College grad Mackenzie Ferguson propelled himself toward international cooking honours.
It was a slice of dark chocolate mousse with vanilla poached pears and sesame dentelle, and it earned him bronze at the 2016 Concours Inter- national des Jeunes Chefs Rotisseurs competition last month in Manchester, England.
Ferguson, 25, also won the title of top kitchen score.
A graduate of RRC’s level two apprenticeship program in 2011, Ferguson has worked as a chef at St. Charles Country Club for the last four years.
“The program taught me useful skills and fundamentals that have helped me in the industry,” said Ferguson about his time spent at RRC.
Ferguson qualified for the competition after winning both the Manitoba regionals in April 2015 and the Canadian National Jeunes Chefs Rôtisseurs competition in October 2015.
The international competition featured a black box format. This meant Ferguson had no idea what he would be cooking.
Mackenzie Ferguson (far right) 25, awaited the results at a Jeunes Chefs Rôtisseurs competition. Ferguson would go on to win third in the competition and the title of “top kitchen score.” SUPPLIED/ Chaine des Rotisseurs Canada.
In a black box format, the competitors get a box of ingredients at the beginning of the competition. Then they have 30 minutes to create a three- course menu using what’s in the box.
After that, they have three and a half hours to cook the menu they created.
“The experience was an absolute rollercoaster of emotions. The most stressful part of the whole event is when they first unveiled the black box,” said Ferguson.
Ferguson made an appetizer of pan-fried crab cake with crab oil aioli and roasted winter cabbage, and a main of roasted saddle of rabbit stuffed with mushrooms, cheddar cheese, parsnip puree and glazed carrots. He topped it off with the dark chocolate mousse cake.
As he prepared the meal, Ferguson unknowingly outscored his competitors with his work in the kitchen. The award for top kitchen score meant his cooking skills, interaction with other competitors, and usage and knowledge of the products were top notch.
Ferguson has worked at St. Charles Country Club under executive chef Takashi Murakami, who received an RRC Honorary Diploma in 2011 for his success in the Culinary Arts industry.
“Chef [Murakami] helped prepare him for the competition using the black box format throughout the year. He also brought in different chefs from around the city to help critique his work,” said Rain Regalado, 33, Ferguson’s co-worker.
“None of what I accomplished would have been possible if it wasn’t for my chef and mentor Takashi Murakami,” adds Ferguson.
Ferguson doesn’t have any particular plans for his career after his success, but he’s excited to see where it might take him.
Recent CommentsIn Honor of
Honor a squad member or the birthday or special event of your friend or family member, with a gift to SVAS*
*The family will be notified of your generous donation
In Memory of
Remember that special person who passed away, with a gift to SVAS in their memory*
*The family will be notified of your generous donation
In Thanks for Service:
Because our services are free, many people who have used the services of SVAS want to send a gift of thanks
Make A Gift
Annual Donation: In order to run the service we depend entirely on generous contributions from individuals and businesses.?
Hold on, hold on, I'm not making this up I swear... It's essentially the parts of your face that aren't your T zone: your cheeks, lower jaw and neck. Whereas your T zone tends to be oilier, your U zone is meant to be almost the opposite - generally needing a boost of moisture. It's a concept that was brought to my attention by the Lush Times, many, many moons ago.
According to Lush, Asian women (up there with French women in terms of being skincare legends to the anglophone consumer) have been aware of this since time began, seemingly, and apply two face masks to treat these areas with the correct product. This idea has always stuck with me, and I am now in the habit of tailoring my face masks to my skin's dryness, rather than going in with my old "slap it on, it's skincare after all" approach.
And the result is a super cool look like the one featured in the photo above. You are welcome.
While we're on the subject of face masks... Stay tuned for a new feature on my blog, kicking off with the face masks I have been testing out lately. Watch this space...Abu dubai golf tv
Fit your gear with ease. When we are walking from abu dubai golf tv to hole it is also very essential that our sneakers provide support and cushion, that it is comfy and will not cause virtually any distractions. I am thrilled that Training Magazine has booked Temple Grandin to keynote Training 2017. it's so quick and easy. The result is problems on multiple fronts: a government whose bonds with Congress, federal agencies and the public look increasingly fractured; an ambitious but stalled tvv of reforms; and a abu dubai golf tv whose low approval ratings threaten his party's control of Congress in the 2018 midterm elections. Orange Blossom Twin Theater: NW corner Holden and SOBT. Reservation is required to guarantee a spot (walk-ins are welcome, but spaces guaranteed oki golf club those sandals st lucia golf resort reservations). Day was frustrated after following a birdie at the par-five 16th with two bogeys that left him with much more work to do in the final round. Some expats own and operate gyms, hotels, boating and surfing schools, restaurants, boutiques. I was greeted right when I walked in the door by Todd, the store manager, even though they were very busy. Moment of inertia explains how resistant the club is to twisting. Each golfing shot comprises the firing of a single arrow down the fairway in the direction of the golf Hole.. It is widely used by both programmers developing the code for application as well as performance testers to get enhanced performance tuning. 0 TDI with 140 hp. A new trend seems to have developed in the Islamic community in Norway: grab hold of a journalist and speak your mind on issues such as stoning, adultery, apostasy and Jews - and don't hold back. Holf oceanfront property has nearly 2,000 reviews on and 1,600 of them are 4- or 5-star evaluations. 20 2017 abu dubai golf tv to departing the White House for the Presidential Inaugural ceremony. The more hits you experience as you abu dubai golf tv your target the more confident you will feel with your pitching. Swing like a gorilla off the tee and your ball will end up closer to the zoo than the fairway. Go ahead check out the most advanced gear in sports. On Consumer Report's 25 safest abu dubai golf tv on the road, theVolkswagen series tops the list in the small carscategory. He didn't say much for 45 minutes. The Professional Golf Instruction abu dubai golf tv offers group and individual golf lessons. Situated at abu dubai golf tv end, Montauk Downs is one of the finest golf courses you will ever have the opportunity to play, and it has consistently been ranked on of the top public golf courses wbu United States for abu dubai golf tv. The current version has Episode 1: The birth of SUSAN, which includes 60 levels and 30 cutscenes. The 2017 World Championship Playoff is underway at Barefoot Resort's Dye Club. Jonnie West is also a member of the Jaya ancol golf club club. John, FL, one son, Christopher Cross, of Leawood, KS, xbu sister, Barbara Thessen, of Salamanca, six grandchildren, Quenten Erskine, Kaela Newsom, Mariah Newsom, Golf course 40229 Cross, Dunai Cross and Mackallister Cross, one great grandchild and many nieces, nephews, and cousins. It is imperative that you get a custom club fitting to maximize the effectiveness of the education you will receive from the school. They aby that their turf is a Muslim area, and require that non-Muslims observe the gklf dress code and the Islamic proscription on alcohol while they are there. Make sure that abu dubai golf tv ball is positioned in line with the left heel and to do this, all you do is place your feet together, make sure the ball is in between the feet and then take a step to the right. Meanwhile, regenerative braking statistics provide information on the amount of energy recovered since the start of the journey.More...
It is grateful for the help in this question how I can thank you?
05.02.2013 at 05:21 Zulabar:
Very much I regret, that I can help nothing. I hope, to you here will help. Do not despair.
08.02.2013 at 17:48 Minris:
What about it will tell?Collegefootball score ncaa division 1 football scores
Final, 1, 2, 3, 4, OT1, Tot. [object Object], Rhode Island, 0, 0, 7, 14, 6, ▻ [ object Object], Central Michigan, 0, 13, 0, 8, 9, Game Center. Live college football scores and postgame recaps. team logo 22 West Virginia 0- 1, 0, 7, 10, 7, team logo 21 Virginia Tech 1 -0, 3, 7, 14, 7, 31. Find NCAA football breaking news, scores, stats, rankings, polls, truth and rumors College Football Top Who Are the County's Best Teams After Week 1? The final score was more lopsided than the game, but the Crimson Tide didn't.
Piano Arranging Tutorial 103 – How to Assign Chords to Measures
Arranging - Module 1 - Lesson 103 We have identified what our primary chords are: C, F, and G.Now we need to know where to place them in this song.We are going to look at the first beat of each measure and play that chord. We will look at the chord and see what notes […]Status: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
The Green Tangerine Spa and Salons' are the ultra modern, cutting edge spas of New England.031680ATTR:WAXINGMANICUREMASSAGEPEDICUREPERMS
Be the first MassLive.com user to add photos or videos of Green Tangerine Spa & Salon
Day spa specializes in body and skin treatments, including facials, massages, manicures, pedicures, makeup and hair services.
The Green Tangerine Spa and Salon has lost my business forever. I had my hair cut there once, back in May, and my teenage daughter had her hair cut there once as well. Aside from the price being ridiculously high, they did a decent job both times. So, since it has been four months since my hair was last trimmed, I phoned the Green Tangerine on Saturday and made an appointment for Monday. I explained that I wanted a ""quick trim"". I received an appointment confirmation email from them a few hours later describing my impending trim as a ""wash, cut and style"" and allocating a full hour for...
Went recently for a pedi and was greeted by a VERY rude and unprofessional employee who referred to my children as ""them"" and said they weren't allowed! This was not clarified when appt was made and was handled with no respect for my children. I would not support a business that is so rude and unprofessional, as well as, anti-children!!
Green Tangerine Spa & Salon is located at 110 Albany Tpke in Canton and has been in the business of Beauty Shops since 2005.
Green Tangerine Spa & Salon is located at 110 Albany Tpke Ste 723, Canton, CT. This business specializes in Beauty Salons. Green Tangerine Spa & Salon is open Mon, 10am-8pm ; Tue, 9am-8pm ; Wed, 9am-8pm ; Thu, 9am-8pm ; Fri, 9am-8pm ; Sat, 8am-8pm ; Sun, 10am-6pm. and accepts Cash, Mastercard and Visa.
The Extras: A complimentary consultation is provided with all services.
Skin Care: To get a deep clean for those unseen, tough-to-get spots, try the Essential Back Treatment.The Three Marias
Offbeat crime thriller set in rural Brazil. A woman's jilted fiance waits 30 years before taking his revenge on her, arranging for the murder of her husband and two sons. She gathers her three daughters together and despatches them to exact her own vengeance.
Broadcasts
- 2007-12-30 03:35:00 - 2007-12-30 05:00:00 on BBC Two England, BBC Two Wales,
Credits
- Actor Marieta Severo
- Actor Julia Lemmertz
- Actor Maria Luisa Mendonca
- Actor Luiza Mariani
- Director Aluizio Abranches maritime south of Italy that concered our hearts since many years.
It is such a beautiful and rich country and the sea side and places around the Amalfi coast are just stunning! See some of our holiday impressions and enjoy a brief and intense glimpse of the summer 2014 that was over unfortunately way too quick!
Sabrina & KurtThe political race is on for four years in the White House, the battle is now engaged by both sides and about to step up and hit with force, in the American People’s faces. While President Obama and Romney will be going head to head, please stop and look at both of their views on certain issues: 1) Wars in Afghanistan and elsewhere, they need to be stopped and what is ours in forces and weapons need to come home. 2) Watch for who will save Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and Veterans Benefits, these programs are the ones keeping many helpless, homeless and needy people alive and giving them a chance to. 3) Health Care– who has the better plan 4) immigration Who will toughen the laws, but allow those here to stay in someway 5) Jobs, Who can really create jobs and bring back manufacturing and make our economy go forward 6) Who will change the Trade Agreements to a point where they favor America’s needs and our exports once more out shine and out measure our imports once more on the world market. 7) Who will step in and save the Postal Service that is needed by many millions across the USA to deliver our medications and things we depend on daily to survive. 8 ) Who has the better leadership skills period and will stand up for all Americans not just the rich or poor but all. 9) Who can reformat, reinvent the tax codes in the US to fit the current population and make it work, without raising them on the poor and middle class. We have no more to give Uncle Sam is bleeding out the poor and middle class to save the rich, wrong! 10) We saved big business and Wall Street and companies, now collect back what we loaned them as a country and lets use it for good works not bad.
We also need to elect a congress that will support which ever man we elect as President. You can’t give the throne to one man and then put his opposition into check and balance him and expect him to be able to accomplish much, it’s like blockading a country, you can’t work around it well.
As a country we screwed up by electing a Democrat as President and a congress full of Republicans to checkmate him. What we got was a blockade that stopped anything real from being accomplished and it is the American people’s fault now. Lets clean it up and make whoever is in the White House have a supporting cast to accomplish what needs to be done.DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--From September 12-16th, Denver will host the Biennial of the Americas, the most important and influential gathering of top elected, business and cultural leaders focused on the Western hemisphere. Kicked off today with a full-line up, this year’s festival will feature leaders from more than 20 countries around the Americas and bring together renowned experts and leaders for four days of thought-provoking discussions, festivals, art exhibitions and engagement.
Established in 2010 by Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper while he was Mayor of Denver, along with leaders in the arts and business in the city of Denver, the organization was created to recognize and build upon the important economic and cultural ties in the Americas.
“We are thrilled yet again to bring together the most innovative leaders from across the Western Hemisphere for activities and events intended to accelerate and transform how we do business and live together,” said Erin Trapp, CEO, Biennial of the Americas. “Returning to Denver for our fourth year, this year’s Biennial of the Americas promises to convene a diverse array of public figures, global topic experts, innovative artists and deep thinkers packaged into one riveting international festival.”
Throughout the week these industry-leading experts will partake in lively discussions led by a moderator showcasing the importance of various issues impacting the Americas.
For last minute ticket information, visit. An initial schedule of all programming open to the public follows:
September 12, Opening Day
Noon, Born Hotel, Open to public
Mayors of the Americas Panel “Entrepreneurial Cities” featuring Michael Hancock (Denver)
Opening Night Gala
7:30 p.m.
Save the Date for the biggest night of the year as the 2017 Biennial festival previews the week and presents its annual awards
September 13, Innovative Americas Day
Noon, Born Hotel, Open to public
Lunchtime Innovation panel featuring Alejandra Mustakis, Idea Factory Chile, Mike Fries, Liberty Global, JB Holston, University of Denver, former Mexican Ambassador Arturo Sarukahn
MCA Opening: Saber Acomodar
6:00 p.m.
The Museum of Contemporary Art Denver is presenting an outstanding exhibition with guest curator Patrick Charpenel. The exhibition features artists from Guadalajara, Mexico
September 14, Civic Americas Day
Noon, Born Hotel, Open to public
Lunchtime Civic Innovation panel featuring Scott Sherman of the Transformational Institute on “How to Change the World”
Americas Symposium, Ellie Caulkins Opera House
7:00 p.m.
Join top business and civic leaders from around the hemisphere for a symposium that explores The Long View: The Next 50 Years of Partnership in the Americas.
Featuring Univision’s Enrique Acevedo, LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman, Pulitzer Prize winning Elizabeth Alexander of the Ford Foundation, and Ashley Bell of the Peace Corps
September 15, Sustainability Day
Noon, Born Hotel, Open to public
Lunchtime Sustainability panel featuring Secretary Tom Vilsack, facilitator; Jim Lochhead, Denver Water; Bruce Karas, Coca-Cola; and more
HAVANA NIGHTS Free Concert
Join us as we feature the first U.S. outpost of the international spectacular “Fábrica de Arte Cubano” (FAC), curated by Cuban rocker, rapper and filmmaker Equis Alfonso. This concert takes place in a converted warehouse reminiscent of the original FAC-Havana. A space for artistic collaboration between Cuba and the U.S. in a warehouse atmosphere, the FAC will feature performances and exhibitions of dance, music and visual arts.
September 16, Saturday
Site visits featuring innovations in sustainability with Denver Water burn site, Rocky Mountain Wildlife Arsenal and Chatfield State Park
HAVANA NIGHTS Free Concert
Join us again for the second night of the first U.S. outpost of the international spectacular “Fábrica de Arte Cubano” (FAC), curated by Cuban rocker, rapper and filmmaker Equis Alfonso.
This year’s Biennial in Denver will feature four significant art exhibitions:
- Mi Tierra: Contemporary Artists Explore Place: Site-specific installations by 13 Latino artists that express experiences of contemporary life in the American West (Denver Art Museum)
- Saber Acomodar: New works that showcase the unique artistry and craftsmanship of Guadalajara, Mexico (Denver Museum of Contemporary Art)
- Gabriel Figueroa: Video and still photography selections by the renowned cinematographer from the Televisa Foundation collection (Boettcher Cultural Pavilion at McNichols Civic Center Building)
- Penitents: World End Rituals of Faith: Brazilian photographer Guy Veloso captures a moment in time where faith, consciousness and cuerpo become one through rituals
In addition, the Black Americas Project is a year-long series of events and conversations, under the Biennial of the Americas, which will explore the African Diaspora and its social, cultural, political and economic impact on the Americas of the past, present and future. During the Biennial Festival Week, the Black Americas Project will be hosting a series of cultural events that span the world of academia and the arts, including a keynote address by Ford Foundation's Dr. Elizabeth Alexander and other events in collaboration with local partners in Denver.
The 2015 Biennial hosted over 100 events throughout the summer with over 25,000 participants attending the innovative six-day opening week program of events, bringing together nearly 60 artists, speakers and international leaders representing more than 25 countries. For additional information about the Biennial of the Americas, new collaborators and partner and additional details surrounding the symposium, events, arts and ticket information, please visit.
About. Beginning September 12 through the 16th, 2017, the Biennial of the Americas will feature groundbreaking art installations, engaging conversations, live performances, and free festivals and programs that celebrate our shared cultural heritage and rich connection to the world around us.
Major sponsors for the 2017 Biennial of the Americas include Liberty Global Inc., The Anschutz Foundation, Boettcher Foundation, Bonfils-Stanton Foundation and Ernst & Young and McKinsey & Company.
For more information:
Vimeo: vimeo.com/thebiennial
YouTube:
Instagram: instagram.com/thebiennial
Twitter: @thebiennial
#BOTA17Best Concert Slots: Be the greatest rock player
By Maria Madalina
This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices.
Description
Whether you just want to feel the exciting experience of the famous gambling game or you want to have an app that can transform your mobile phone into something extraordinary, this app will surely keep you entertained. When you download this app, you will be given a welcoming bonus which enables you to spin and gamble right away. The fun starts from the opening of the app, and there is seemed no way to end it yet as it will take you to unending roller coaster ride.
Features of Slot Machines:
*** Free to download. This game can be downloaded and installed for free. You can now enjoy the slot machines in Las Vegas without having to go there and spend real money. It is already in your hands.
*** You can claim additional gifts every week. Do not miss your chance to experience slot machines sales and happy hours.
*** Claim hourly rewards. You are able to claim not just weekly and daily rewards but also every three hours.
*** Our slot machine game is free to download. New players are also able to claim a welcoming bonus which enables them to spin right after the installation. Download this app now and claim your welcoming bonus
*** Cool sound effects. You are able to listen to casino style sound effects and it is very realistic which will make you feel like you are in real casino. You can also toggle it off and on.
Download and install our slot machine game today for free and experience the biggest hit of Las Vegas casino.
This App does not involve any use of real money and is only for entertainment purposes.
- Free
- Category: Games
- Released: Mar 08, 2017
- Version: 3.0
- Size: 61.7 MB
- Language: English
- Seller: Maria Madalina
- © 2017 MARIA
Compatibility: Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.Double Chain Easy Cord is one of our favorite techniques in IraRott® crochet patterns. You can make ties, belts, or even use Double Chain (D-ch) as a foundation sc to begin your work.
STEP 1: Leave a long yarn tail at the beginning, approximately 3 times as long as the desired length of the cord.
STEP 2: Make a slip knot to create the first chain.
STEP 3: Hold the working yarn around your index finger. Tail over the hook from front to back = 2 loops on the hook.
STEP 4: Hold the bottom of the cord with your thumb & middle finger; grab working yarn & draw it through both loops on the hook = 1 loop on the hook.
STEP 5: Repeat STEPS 4 & 5 until you reach the desired length.
Here are some IraRott® crochet patterns where we used the D-ch easy cord technique 🙂
Fiesta Owl Poncho & Doll Poncho Crochet Patterns:
Peacock Hat Crochet Pattern:
Bunny Rabbit Baby Hat & Cocoon Set Crochet Pattern:
Luna the Moo-Moo Cow & Bull Hat Crochet Pattern:
1992 Isuzu NPR 3.9L L4 Turbo Diesel Box Truck possible Food Truck or Camper
Price: US $10,700.00 Item location: Brunswick, Ohio, United States
- Condition: Used
- Make: Isuzu
- Model: NPR Box Truck
- Type: Box Truck
- Trim: Walk Through Cab
- Year: 1992
- Mileage: 45,100
- VIN: JALB4T1K2N7019936
- Color: White
- Engine size: 3.9L L4 TURBO DIESEL
- Number of cylinders: 4
- Power options: Power Locks
- Fuel: Diesel
- Transmission: Automatic
- Drive type: 4X2
- Options: Hardwood Floors, Backup Camera, 7' x 16' Awning, 10kW 120/240 Generator, 2" Foam Walls & Celing
- Vehicle Title: ClearWant to buy? Contact seller!
Description:
1992 Isuzu NPR Box TruckI am selling this Box Truck for my father-in-law. If interested please look at the pictures and/or ask questions.
This Truck is located in Brunswick, Ohio
Please call 330-273-7333 with questions.
If you are looking to make this into a Food Truck I don't think it would take much to make the conversions.The generator and awning featured on this truck would be very useful.
This Vehicle is in good condition for being built in 1992.There is a crack in the fiber glass front end above the right head lamp.
This vehicle has normal wear and tear and has never been in an accident.It will need new back tires soon.
Low original miles 45,000+,New Fuel Tank,New Front Tires,Rebuilt Transmission.New Power LocksBackup Camera.
Interior includes:2" foam walls and ceilingA working 10kW 120/240v GeneratorOfficer Cover Letter Exle
mortgage cover letter 28 images mortgage broker cover, security guard cover letter exle 28 images cover, mortgage cover letter 28 images mortgage broker cover, application security officer cover letter sle resume, superintendent cover letter 35 images superintendent, professional introduction letter to clients letter idea 2018, supply chain cover letter sle 28 images free supply, exle of credit letter in business 9 images bank loan, executive officer sle resume club chef sle, cover letter exles uk 28 images great cover letter uk, prevention officer sle resume sle employment, marketing manager cover letter exle 28 images sales, parole officer cover letter 28 images correction, claims specialist sle resume attendance sheet for, sales administrator cover letter exle 28 images sales, engineering manager cover letter 48 images basic, cover letter template for officer cover letter, cover letter for sales administrator assistant accountant, cover letter for housing officer 17 images index of wp, regional sales trainer cover letter assistant economistThis post has been written in partnership with P&G. All opinions are 100% my own.
I wish that I lived in the same town as all of my family members but growing up in the military and moving every two to three years didn’t really make that desire possible. Planning ahead for anything was challenging. My wedding was out of state for the majority of my guests. No one was able to attend any bridal showers for me either because they were all traveling for the wedding. When my husband and I got pregnant with our first baby I so wanted to look at all of the cute boutique stores but you know what? Registering at a store like that just wasn’t logical for us and it certainly wasn’t easy for extended family who wanted to bless us with gifts. You know what is practically everywhere? Target. For me, when I was registering for baby items my go-to place to register was Target.
It’s not that I don’t like other stores but honestly? Who isn’t absolutely in love with Target? They’re nationwide and can ship anywhere and for free when you order $35 or more. Their registry was really easy to use, not only for me but for my less than tech savvy relatives. Plus, little known fact, Target does have price matching. No joke. It’s part of their registry so it’s a no brainer!
Another new little treat for Target Baby Registry users is the welcome kit every parent-to-be receives. It’s full of $50 worth of coupons and samples. I cannot tell you how many products I ended up using because I received a sample as a newly pregnant mom-to-be. I received a Pampers sample in the hospital when my son was born and to this day I prefer Pampers Swaddlers over other newborn diaper brands.
Actually speaking of Pampers, did you know that the average newborn uses approximately 320 diapers in the first month? I’m not kidding. I cannot tell you the number of times I was changing my daughter and she peed right on the new diaper. I had to toss that not-even-worn diaper out because you cannot put a baby in an already soiled diaper! With Target’s Baby Registry they help kick start your registry with a few must-have items like diapers. Just don’t forget to add more to your registry in different sizes as well. You’re going to need them, trust me!
Not sure what to put on your registry? It’s completely overwhelming how much you can put on your registry too. Like baby socks, do you really need them? It’s debatable. Find out what seasoned moms chose as their must-have items in the Mom Picks section! You’ll find it under Starter Ideas on your Baby Registry!
Oh yeah and you also get 20% off of your remaining registry items after you’ve had your baby when you sign up for a Target REDcard (or 15% without). That means that if no one else saw the meaning behind that giant teddy bear you found on Target.com, you can buy it for at least 15% off. I get you, Mama, you want to keep track of baby’s month progression. Don’t worry, I’m stackin’ what you’re bailing so just go and ahead and buy that giant bear. It is a brilliant idea and for 15% off, plus another 5% if you have Target’s REDcard, you’re the real winner here.
Tell, me, have you registered yet and if so where are you registered?
Every moment. Every Mother. Everything has a first time.
Even your inbox. Subscribe to get FTM MN posts sent direct via email.Pastor’s Column
What do you think about GPS systems. Pretty handy, right? Pat and I were recently out to Lancaster and decided on the way back to see if we could confuse GoogleMaps, or get it lost. We kept turning in directions it did not indicate, taking roads that had not been mentioned, and completely ignoring whatever the voice said. Yeah, we were really enjoying living the rebellious life!
As it turned out, no matter what we did or did not do, the GPS had a way to get us home. It was not confounded by Yost Road, a road that only runs for about three quarters of mile between North Hollander Road and Peters Road. It treated little known Ligalaw Road as familiarly as Broad Street in Philadelphia. It was able to do this because it knew exactly where we were at any given moment and it knew our intended destination. Regardless of the ill-advised turns we made, it could adjust to all our deviations and still provide a good way home.
We pondered the fact that thousands of similar directions were being given at exactly the same time by that GPS system. Each set of directions being individualized for the particular persons seeking guidance. It made no difference if the persons were traveling on Yost Road in Lancaster County as we were, or Yost Road in Waterloo, NY, or Yost Road in Selbyville, DE, or Yost Road in Zanesville, OH. The system knew all the roads, knew where we were, knew where we wanted to go, and was able to adjust and provide the information to get us from where we were to where we wanted to be.
One wonders if it’s even possible to get lost given the capacities of GPS systems? Only if one gets outside the coverage area of the system. These GPS systems give us a heady sense of being in control. While the system gives us directions, it does not make us follow them. It adjusts to our deviations, but does nothing to prevent us from making whatever deviations we desire. The GPS system adjusts to us, not us to it. We can do whatever we want and the system allows (makes allowances for) it.
Isn’t this a good picture of the prevailing cultural worldview? On all sides we hear reports of individuals deciding this is what they want to do, this is what they want to be, this is how they view themselves. The common expectation is that the rest of reality will adjust to those desires, make allowances for them, and each person will reach his desired destination.
Not only GPS, but all of our many technological advances teach us to think this way. We have the notion that we’re in charge and can chart whatever course we desire. That seems to be true morally, physically, economically, and culturally. It is pretty amazing all that we can do! No question about it. But we dare not draw the wrong conclusion.
The Bible teaches that God is in control. He is the One who directs us. He is in charge and He has a plan and a purpose. In one of our scriptural readings this month we’ll hear that God is the One who determines the times and boundaries of nations. In the midst of all the uproar and upheavals that take place, God is working out His plan and purpose.
More importantly for you and me, this is also true on a personal basis. As amazing as it may seem given the world’s current population of six and half billion people, God knows exactly where each of us is, all the details of our lives, and nothing escapes His attention. In that sense, the GPS analogy works well. Not so much on the broader picture, though.
With a GPS, it adjusts to you and does not have the power to input changes that would affect your choice of directions. God, however, does have input into our lives and directs us by all manner of things. Let me give you some examples.
Peter was supremely confident in his ability to follow Jesus and stand with him regardless of what came to pass. We know what happened: in a matter of a couple of hours, Peter denied knowing Jesus three distinct times. Peter didn’t plan that, didn’t want that, didn’t anticipate that, but it happened. God brought it to pass through the instrumentality of the devil. God had purpose in it. Here’s what Jesus told Peter before it came to pass: . . . I have prayed for you, that your faith may not fail; and you, when once you have turned again, strengthen your brothers. [Luke 22:32] Even Peter’s failure was part of God’s purpose in making Peter into a rock of strength for his fellow Christians.
One can consider the case of David. He had no higher aspirations than being a tender of flocks like his father. But God brought things into David’s life that changed everything: he became a mighty king! David purposed to build a house for the Lord. In the midst of those plans, God reveals His plan: . . . the Lord will make a house for you . . . I will raise up your descendant after you . . . I will establish the throne of his kingdom forever . . . My lovingkindness shall not depart from him. [2 Sam. 7:11-15] God not only took David from the flocks, not only made him a great warrior and a great king, but He also declared the Messiah would come through his direct genealogical line. God accomplished more in and through David than David could ever have imagined.
Job’s life is always worthy of consideration. After years of blessing, he experienced tragedy after tragedy. What had he done wrong? Nothing. He was faithful to God in all ways. Therefore God chose to use Job as an example of faithfulness to God that wasn’t based on blessings, but on God’s worthiness. Concerning Job, God tells Satan: . . . Behold, all that he has is in your power . . . Behold, he is in your power only spare his life. [Job 1:12; 2:6] When all that God intended was accomplished, Job said to God, . . . I have heard of You by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye sees You. [Job 42:5] Job made the adjustments to what God had purposed for him.
We live in challenging times. Despite all our technological savvy, we’ve lost our way. In seeking to chart our own course, we’ve gone far astray. How should you and I respond to this?
We need to adjust our lives to God’s specifications. We do so knowing that God knows exactly where we are and exactly what’s going on. Because we know God, we know that we are not our own. We know that we are His! We are the apple of His eye, each of us individually. He is at work in all facets of our lives, working out His purposes in the seemingly haphazard events of our lives. We want to follow Him! May He give us grace to do so.
In the Joy of the Lord,
John H.C. Niederhaus
May Pulpit Schedule
1st – We Cannot Be Silent – Jeremiah 1:11-19; Luke 19:41-47; Acts 17:16-21.
8th – Origins I – Isaiah 45:18-25; John 1:1-5; Acts 17:19-34.
15th – Origins II – Psalm 103; Ephesians 1:1-14; Acts 17:19-34.
22nd – A Fruitful Desert – Psalm 107:33-43; 1 Corinthians 2:1-5; Acts 18:1-11.
29th – Faithful Ministry – John 13:1-5; 1 Corinthians 1:1-9; Acts 18:12-23.
From the Youth Pastor
Streaming for God in a Pixel World
Obama promised it, babies need it, and often churches fear it! Yes, I’m talking about “CHANGE”. As humans we desire things to stay the same over time. But it’s God’s very design that our environment changes (seasons), which therefore means that we constantly have to adapt. The challenge in adapting for the Church at large is to change with discernment so we stay true to our commitment through appropriately ministering the gospel in every season to every generation. This of course does not imply that we compromise in any way the message or methods that we have been mandated to use or share! But under God the Church is always called to effectively present and proclaim truth. If we don’t, we run the risk of stagnating. To prevent this from happening there are some general lessons we can observe from Kodak, Blockbuster, and Netflix.
Lesson 1. Failing to go from Pics to Pixels.
Would it surprise you if I told you the first digital camera was made in 1975 by Kodak? An engineer named Steven Sasson was given the charge to develop the concept and he did just that. However the Kodak company didn’t want to develop digital cameras for fear that it would impact the sales of their lucrative processed film business (which they dominated for much of the 20th century). Well, here we are in 2016 and Kodak whose tag line was “capture the moment” is a distant memory, and the picture taking industry is dominated by cell phones not cameras. If only Kodak would have acted on their early innovation they could be the technology leader of our times (think Apple), but their failure to turn pictures into pixels cost them everything. Kodak should have stayed committed to selling products that take pictures (capture memories) by adapting how they would capture memories in a society being revolutionized by technology. Kodak is a case study in failing to change when they should have, all due to the fear of losing what they had.
Lesson 2. Thinking Outside Of the Block
Twenty five or so years ago I remember the thrill of going into the Blockbuster Video for the first time. I remember being welcomed by shiny logos and banners that beamed bright yellow and royal blue all over the store. Everywhere you looked were shelves and shelves of entertainment options to choose from. The process was easy! All you had to do was pick out a movie, take the VHS cassette tape from behind its cover, pay the rental fee, and drive home to watch the movie. (Oh, you had to return it to the store in two days time, rewound of course.) Tell this process to a teenager today and they just find it hard to believe that we would go to so much effort just to watch a movie, but back in the day a trip to Blockbuster was a big deal!
Skip ahead to the present and Blockbuster is a big bust! Once, those stores were all over the world, but now where are they? The local store in Souderton got demolished a couple of years back. Blockbuster is gone! They couldn’t adapt to a rapidly changing entertainment industry, and when they did it was all too late.
What Kodak and Blockbuster failed to do was to stay true to their specialty, for their core product didn’t need to change but only new means and methods of getting it out needed to change. Netflix faced the same challenges but was flexible enough to survive change, even to thrive and create change. What is Netflix is known for? Streaming content comes to mind now, but ten years ago (before streaming existed) they were a successful DVD lending service. Unlike Blockbuster they knew that if they didn’t change how they “deliver content” they would die! Netflix saw potential before others did and they acted on it. Instead of “stagnating” they have been “innovating” the entertainment industry. Netflix is a case study in adapting and innovating change, while remaining true to their core commitment.
So Are You Streaming (like Netflix) or Dreaming (like Blockbuster)?
Well, as our Church community is on the verge of some significant change (new building/new opportunities) we also need to “stream” for God in a pixel world. We can trust and take much comfort in knowing that our God does not change, for He is immutable and stays true to His character and covenant promises. Rest in the fact that our core commitment to Jesus can never go bankrupt, for He is the same yesterday, today and forever (Hebrews 13:8). But let’s all be flexible and willing to adapt and embrace new ways and ideas of doing ministry, while all the time being steadfast, unmovable, abounding in the work of the Lord at all times (1 Corinthians 15:58). Let’s not fearfully grip on to what is in the past, for we are called to faithfully advance in trusting God and fulfill being the Church that the gates of Hell will not prevail against. Clearly know that the future of the Church is certain for we are “unmovable” in our faith in Christ, but we are eager to advance our faith to this world. Stream on!
In Christ,
Andrew Edmonds
Confirmation: Maturing in Faith
May 15th is Pentecost Sunday this year. It will be an extraordinary day in the life of Leidy’s Church. Not only is it Pentecost, but this year it also is Confirmation Sunday. It also is extraordinary this year because we hope to conduct this service in the new church building. We’ll see if that actually happens!
During our service of worship some of our young folk will make solemn vows and be confirmed into the Christian faith to begin their lives as adult, faithful followers of Jesus. Immediately following the service of worship, a light luncheon/reception will be held in the Fellowship Hall with the Confirmation Class members as the guests of honor. Everyone is invited to stay and enjoy finger foods and cake while congratulating the Confirmands.
Not all members and friends of Leidy’s Church come from faith backgrounds that practice Confirmation. Or, some come from backgrounds where Confirmation is practiced and understood differently. For us at Leidy’s Church, Confirmation is something that takes place at that point in life when young folk are stepping from childhood to adulthood.
Our Confirmation classes last for two academic years, beginning in September of even numbered years. Students coming into the class ordinarily are entering the 8th or 9th grade. The entire first year is spent reading and studying the Bible, beginning at Genesis and ending at Revelation. For a textbook, each student is given a leather-bound reference Bible which is theirs for life. [Yes, that’s a deliberate play on words.]
During the second year students spend 14 weeks learning about the history of the Church from the age of the apostles down to the present day. That is followed by 14 weeks of studying The Heidelberg Catechism, the basic confessional and teaching document of our particular Reformed heritage. Written mostly by Zacharias Ursinus in 1563, in a series of 129 questions and answers it leads students through the basic questions everyone needs to consider when thinking about life, God, salvation, and living for Christ. The final weeks of the second year serve as an in-class Inquirer’s Class for the students as they prepare for church membership.
Though young folk do not reach their legal/civic majority until the age of 18, at Leidy’s Church their spiritual majority is reached at the point of Confirmation. Those who desire to be confirmed, who are accepted by the Spiritual Council, and who make their public profession of faith during the Confirmation Service become full members of this local church body, and are authorized to enjoy and exercise all the privileges and duties thereof. They each get a church mailbox – if the secretaries like them!
Join us for the Confirmation service of worship on May 15th at 10 am. Or, maybe 10:45.
Within the Fellowship
Congratulations to Jake and Meghan Hughes at the birth of a son, Sawyer Stover, to Matt and Kate Harris at the birth of a son, Hawthorne Jude, and to Jeremy and Justine Smith at the birth of a son, Kaleb Joash. May God be with these families as they grow in Him.
Congratulations to Peter and Bambi Martindell at the dedication of their daughter, Vivian Pearl, and to Jeff and Mary Kirkpatrick at the dedication of their son, Stephen Paul, and to Reagan Hostelley at her baptism. May God be with them as they grow in Him.
Notes of Thanks
From the Middle East
During the season of Lent our 30 Pieces of Silver offering was collected. This year that offering amounted to just over $4,000! Funds collected were to be used to help persecuted Christians in the Middle East utilizing the ministry of Church Without Walls.
Recently, we received a letter from Rev. Anees Zaka the head of Church Without Walls. Among other things, he said,
CWW has received your church’s generous check with $4,008.06 for your Christian brothers and sisters in the Middle East. . . . This will be a great help for them to have food items, medicine, and clothing. We will tell them the LORD provided this amount of money through their Christian American brothers and sisters who do pray and care for them. Of course, they will shed some tears as usual because of your care. So, thanks to the whole church for their generosity. Please let them know of our ‘heartfelt thanks.’
So, we’re letting you know of their thanks to God for your gift. Let us remember to keep them in our prayers in the days ahead.
Baby Bottle Boomerang
Earlier this year the Church and Community Committee sponsored a church-wide effort to provide some monetary support for the Pregnancy Resource Clinic of North Penn. It was done through the distribution of baby bottles that we then filled with coins, checks, paper currency, gift cards, or other means of value. It proved to be the largest income the agency has yet received from that particular fund raiser. Our total came to $3,100.76!
Here’s part of the letter we received from the Center:
Thank you for your generous donation. Without our donors, our doors couldn’t be open to help girls in difficult and often desperate situations.
We are amazed by how the Lord chooses to use the clinic. Lives are being saved and lives are being changed. Thank you for being willing to be used and playing such a necessary part in the work of the Pregnancy Resource Clinic.
We praise God for what He is doing through ministries such as this.
Women’s Ministry
Women’s Sunday School
The Women’s Sunday School class will resume on Sunday, May 1st. Topics for future lessons will be discussed and decided.
Ladies of Leidy’s
The next meeting is Tuesday, May 2nd at 7 p.m. in the Conference Room. Ken Peck, one of our church family who is part of a local police department, has agreed to come share with the ladies. A business meeting will also take place, and we will be given an opportunity to sign up to help with the May Rummage Sale.
Rummage Sale
The week of May 8th is when our Fellowship Hall and surroundings are transformed with all the donated items we receive, and our community is invited to shop for their family wardrobes, linens, jewelry, books, toys, household items, and much more!
Many workers are needed. On Monday and Tuesday from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. items are unpacked and arranged. On Wednesday (9 a.m. -8 p.m.) and Thursday (9 a.m.-6 p.m.) sale days we need friendly workers to bag items, serve as cashiers, and straighten items as many shoppers come to make their purchases. On Thursday at 6 p.m..
What’s Happening with the Building Project?
Two years ago at this time we had just broken ground for the new building. Now we’re in the process of doing all the final touches. Lots of progress, lots of changes over the past two years.
However, we’re still not quite sure when we will begin worshiping in the new sanctuary. Nor do we know when the office will be relocated and ministry activities shift to across the street. Our aim is still early in May, but . . .
At the time this Newsletter is being published one obstacle from the PA Department of Licenses and Inspection is holding everything up. We hope it will be resolved speedily, but who knows!
As soon as we know anything specific we’ll get the word out. Thanks for your patience!. We’re talking about graduates from high school, nursing school, tech school, college, and post-graduate programs.
Just call the church office, or shoot them an email, or drop a note on the desk and let the office ladies know details of your graduate. Your help is greatly appreciated.
Business & Professional Breakfast
On Thursday morning, May 12th, BMCE will host its spring Business & Dr. Frank James III, the new president of Biblical Seminary. Don’t be put off by the Dr. in front of his name, or the Roman numerals after his name. Dr. James grew up in less than ideal conditions in the Dallas area. Living in low-income housing projects, he experienced plenty of ups and down as he made forays into behaviors and activities that put him at risk. He will tell his story from those years through his years of progressing through the various stages of academic advancement. Particular focus will be on his conversion to faith in the Lord Jesus and his subsequent life of faith. His presentation should be profoundly interesting and encouraging to all who attend.
Tickets for the B&P Breakfast are $12. You may get your ticket from several different sources: Jack Parry has a number he’d like to dispense; the church office has some available; and if all else fails, contact Pastor Niederhaus and he’ll have a ticket for you. Invite a friend, neighbor, family member, or colleague to join you at this breakfast on May 14th.
Adult SS Resumes
It’s been awhile since particular Adult Sunday School classes have convened. They were suspended during March for Mission Month. Then in April there were special sessions each week that precluded individual class meetings. Here’s a reminder of what’s available for adults during the Sunday School hour.
- The Women’s class meets in the basement in Rm. 19. Led by Lorraine Kroesser, this class is beginning a study on prayer called The Armor of God.
- Pastor Steve Myers leads an in-depth Bible study class that meets in the Conference Room. Having recently finished a long journey through Genesis, attention will now be given to the New Testament book of 2 Corinthians.
- Meeting upstairs, the Joy and Glory class is led by Jeremiah Rizzo. This class focuses on learning how to extract precious truths from biblical verses for use in daily life. Romans 5 is the focus at the moment.
- Issues & Answers is the class that meets in the Fellowship Hall. It has a stable of speakers, including Dave Reich, Matt Harris, Steve Landis, and Stan Ott. During May Dave Reich will be leading a series titled: Christian Aesthetics: Beauty.
Take the plunge and choose an adult SS class to help sharpen and shape your spiritual life.
VBS 2016: God’s Plan 4 U = Jesus!
This month, registration for the 2016 VBS program SonSpark Labs, will open to church members and their friends. Attendees will have fun with science-themed games, crafts, experiments, snacks, music and Bible lessons with a focus on discovering that God’s plan for their life is salvation through Jesus Christ. The dates for this program are Sunday, August 7th through Thursday, August 11th (5:30-8:30 p.m.). You can read more about this year’s program on the church website (located under Ministries, Children).
To date, almost 50 people have stepped forward and offered to help out with various aspects of VBS but we will need a few more helpers to pull off this amazing program. Specifically, we still need singers (who aren’t afraid to act a little goofy!), preschool assistants, nursery workers, and guides to help lead children between activity centers. The more help we get, the more children we can minister to this summer, so even if you can only help a couple nights, please contact the church office and let us know!
Consistory Notes
With the smell of spring in the air, the Consistory met on the 6th of April to conduct the ongoing business affairs of Leidy’s Church. Below is a summary of some highlights:
- Aesthetic concerns came to the forefront in Dave Reich’s devotional thoughts. He spoke about beauty, remarking that during a recent tour of the new church he was struck by the beauty he saw. From a variety of scripture texts it was established that God is a God of beauty, including the beauty of holiness. Beauty is grounded in the character of God and includes four basic principles: proportion, harmony, simplicity, and complexity. Ps. 50:2 says, “Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God has shone forth.”
- Received an update on the building project. The most substantial portions of work remaining include carpeting in the narthex and stairwells, finishing the baptistry area, and the cabinets to be installed in Sunday school rooms. A team of finish carpenters continues to work particularly at finishing pillars near most of the entrances.
- A full audio/visual practice took place on the 2nd of April with all the various worship groups and choirs and instrumentalists participating. It was a long day, but a very encouraging day as the acoustics in the new building seem to be extraordinary.
- Obtaining our occupancy permit could be delayed due to two unresolved American with Disabilities Act questions raised by the state inspector. A hearing in Harrisburg by the L&I board on April 21st will determine what does and does not need to be done. In any event, the tours scheduled for April 23 and 24 will not be feasible. It is hoped they can occur on the following weekend instead.
- Time was spent discussing some how the ushering responsibilities will need to adjust as we make the move to the new church. How many ushers will be required, what will be the protocol, all very necessary, but nit-picky sorts of things. Likewise, how communion will be served and how many elders will be required was discussed. New offering plates have arrived and some new communion ware is on order.
- Coordination will need to be made between duties of ushers, greeters, and hospitality committee members.
- Extensive time was spent discussing a rental/leasing option possibility for the current facility once the transition to the new building is accomplished. Under the auspices of BMCE, five different ministries are seeking space for offices and/or ministry activity. Stan Ott will work on drawing up a suitable lease to be reviewed at the next Consistory meeting.
- Reviewed and slightly revised the job description for the new position being proposed to the congregation. It was decided the job description will be distributed to the congregation a week or so before the meeting and vote. Glen Tyson and Dave Walbrandt will make the presentation at the meeting.
- Reports were received from the Furnishing Committee indicating chairs, tables, blinds, and other furnishings have been purchased for the new church at a cost of a little less than $70,000. The Dedication Committee is well underway in preparations for the anticipated June 5th Dedication Day.
- The Property Committee reported that repairs have been made to our heating system and approved by the state.
- It was noted that Matt Harris was not present at the meeting, but with a good alibi. His wife Kate gave birth in mid-afternoon to Hawthorne Jude Harris. Congratulations.
- Following a time of intercessory prayer and the unison praying of the Lord’s Prayer, the meeting was adjourned at 10:27 pm.
The Westminster Larger Catechism
A perennial concern for Christians is the assurance of faith, or, the security of the believer. Should you know that you’re a Christian and will continue to live as a Christian and, finally, die as a Christian? That’s the topic taken up below.
What Man Ought to Believe Concerning God
Question 79: May not true believers, by reason of their imperfections, and the many temptations and sins they are overtaken with, fall away from the state to salvation.
Question 80: Can true believers be infallibly assured that they are in the estate of grace, and that they shall persevere therein to to they Spirit, and hope of glory; as, on the contrary, sense of God’s revenging wrath, horror of conscience, and a fearful expectation, are to the wicked the beginning of their torments which they shall endure after death.
Judgement House is Coming This Fall!!
That’s right! It’s a Judgement House year in 2016. So in order for us to pull off another great “dramatic gospel presentation” we need God’s help. And your involvement. So please be praying for this ministry. What will it look like in the new church? Don’t know. Help us determine that issue and more. or email ozyedmonds@yahoo.com
May Ministries
Lay Visitors:
1st Joan Tawney
8th Jack Edling
15th Beth Guntz
22nd Debbie Caserta
29th Helen Hahn
Tape Ministry:
1st Julia Kulp
8th Donna Moyer
15th Mary Beth Musselman
22nd Ruthie Niederhaus
29th Ede Rupp
Greeters: 8:00 10:45
1st Dave & Flor Hughes Jerry & BJ Kulp
8th Mike & Deb Hughes Steve & Sue Landis
15th Dorothy Kehs & Patty Kendall Justin & Courtney Lepping
22nd Jim & Angela Kinney Curt & Betty Jo Lockman
29th Mike & Shannon Kehs Justin & Chrissie Lockman
Ushers:
8:00 Dana Gehman, Captain; Gary Brown, Jeff Kirkpatrick, Tom Leidy, Terry Leidy,
Doug Roberson,
10:45 Matt Harris, Captain; Isaac Inyang, Steve Radcliff, Joseph Thompson, David Thompson,
Mitchell VanDerbeek.
The A/V Booth technicians for May are Jim Foote & Joseph Thompson.
The Emergency Committee for May is Joe Sciacca & Phil Shafer.Statement by the Anglican Primate of Australia, Melbourne Archbishop Philip Freier
Congratulations to the Federal Government on today’s decision to allow 12,000 Syrian refugees into Australia above and beyond the expected humanitarian intake.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott’s change of mind from last week is surprising but welcome, and shows how the plight of the Syrian refugees has touched Australians..Printable PDF Exam Code: ST0-153
Exam Name: Symantec PGP Universal Server 3.2 Technical Assessment
Updated: Jan 10, 2018
Q&As: 67
Note: Product instant download. Please sign in and click My account to download your product.
Download Demo
The ST0-153 ST0-153 exam.
Instant download
Latest update demo according to real exam
Yes. Our PDF of ST0-153-153.
Tad
Simulation still valid..passed with a score of 917 :-D
Mercer
passed 9xx , I had met many same questions with this dump. Thanks very much.
Petter
Valid. All questions from the exam, few questions have the different order. So please be careful in the exam,
Rada
This dump is enough to pass exam.There are many new questions and some modified questions.Good luck to you all.
Ned
Passed full scored. I should let you know. The dumps is veeeeeeeeery goooooooood !!!
Obed
Nice study material, I passed the exam with the help of it. Recommend strongly."Grits are a staple, a sacred art, and a source of Southern pride. Seventy-five percent of all the grits consumed in the United States are grown in the “Grits Belt,” a swath of land sweeping from Texas to Virginia. Grits served a practical purpose in the South during the Great Depression and other difficult times as a cheap source of nutrition, though even in prosperous eras both rich and poor enjoy the dish that knows no social divide. South Carolinans love grits so much they declared them the state’s official food in 1976, and Georgians followed suit in 2002, making grits their official prepared food of choice.
When the first European settlers came to North America, they discovered American Indians ate a softened, cooked corn meal dish called “rockahomine.” The settlers soon started calling the food “hominy” for short, a name that now refers to the dried corn kernels that may be ground into cornmeal, animal feed, or grits. Most often, grits are made from white corn—and in that case the corn is called hominy—but can be made from yellow corn too, in a process closer to that used to make cornmeal.
Hominy grits are, technically, dried hominy that has been ground into grits, though some Southerners use the term hominy to mean grits.
The word “grits” itself is a descendant of the Old English “grytt,” meaning bran, and “greot,” meaning ground meal. The grist mills eighteenth-century settlers used to grind their corn also inspired the term now known as “grits.”
Purists still insist on old-fashioned, stone-ground grits, which yield a richer flavor and thicker texture than grits ground by machine. And no good Southern cook would ever think of using instant grits, a pre-cooked, dehydrated version of the real thing.
Real grits, in fact, have virtues beyond good taste. The earliest records of a dish resembling grits date to 1500-1200 BC in an area in present-day Guatemala and Mexico, where the usual cooking process included an alkaline treatment. After corn is harvested, it can be soaked in a solution made of lime, wood ash, or baking soda to produce alkaline, a substance necessary for breaking down proteins to make them easier to digest. Alkaline also facilitates the human body’s ability to absorb niacin, otherwise known as vitamin B3. Without this vitamin, humans are susceptible to a disease known as pellagra, whose unpleasant symptoms cause discomfort at best and, if left untreated, can lead to death. If not processed with alkaline, grits cannot act as a source of niacin—a problem Native Americans had known how to prevent centuries before they served rockahomine to Europeans.
Grits remain popular as ever in the Southern states, nowhere more so than in St. George, South Carolina, host of the World Grits Festival and home to the most voracious grits eaters in the world.
Residents of St. George prefer to cook their own grits, but other Southern consumers have gone commercial: some McDonald’s franchises offer hot grits. The company first introduced grits as a menu option in the early 1990’s, though the dish did not win popularity during its original launch in the Midwest. In the South, on the other hand, grits still appear on McDonald’s menus in the capital cities of three states: Arkansas, Louisiana, and Mississippi. - 17 Holly Oak, Littleton
- 4
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Baths
- 4,149
- SQ. Feet
- 0.17
- Acres
Wow! A Ken Caryl jewel with open space on 2 sides. Move in ready with neutral colors, gleaming hardwood floors, and soaring windows to enjoy the hogback views and landscaped yard. This flowing gracious floor plan offers a large kitchen with eating space and a wall of windows, formal dining, vaulted living room and cozy family room complete with fireplace. Four bedrooms up include a spacious master with fireplace and 5 piece bath, 3 ample size bedrooms and remodeled bath. Outdoor living at its best with 2 tiered deck and professional landscaping. New furnace 2012, and roof 2013. Bring your personal design to the unfinished basement for added space. Pools, tennis courts, acres of hiking trails and stable available in this coveted community.
Essential Information
- MLS® #:
- 4605122
- Price:
- $535,000
- Bedrooms:
- 4
- Bathrooms:
- 3.00
- Full Baths:
- 2
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 4,149
- Acres:
- 0.17
- Year Built:
- 1990
- Type:
- Residential
- Sub-Type:
- Detached Single Family
- Style:
- 2 Story
- Status:
- Sold
Community Information
- Address:
- 17 Holly Oak
- Subdivision:
- Ken Caryl
- City:
- Littleton
- County:
- Jefferson
- State:
- CO
- Zip Code:
- 80127
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Clubhouse, Community Pool, Fitness Facility, Recycling, Tennis Courts, Trash Removal
- Features:
- Adjacent to Open Space
- Parking Spaces:
- 3
- View:
- Mountain View
Interior
- Interior Features:
- Cable Available, Eating Space / Kitchen, Five Piece Bath, Internet Access (Wired), Master Bath, Remodeled, Skylights, Smoke Free, Updated, Vaulted, Walk-in Closets, Window Coverings
- Appliances:
- Dishwasher, Disposal, Dryer, Refrigerator (Kitchen), Self-Cleaning Oven, Smoke Alarm, Stove/Range/Oven, Washer
- Heating:
- Forced Air
- Cooling:
- Air Conditioning-Central
- Fireplace:
- Yes
- # of Fireplaces:
- 2
- Fireplaces:
- Family Room, Master Bedroom
Exterior
- Exterior Features:
- Covered Deck, Deck, Fence, Garden Area, Professional Landscaping, Sprinkler System, Yard
- Lot Description:
- 7550.00
- Windows:
- Window Coverings
- Roof:
- Composition Shingles
- Construction:
- Frame
School Information
- District:
- Jefferson R-1
- Elementary:
- Bradford
- Middle:
- Deer Creek
- High:
- Chatfield
Additional Information
- Zoning:
- P-D
Listing information last updated on January 16th, 2018 at 9:49am MST.Tuesday was another interview time with WIBC 93.1 FM radio friends Terri Stacey and Big Joe Stayzniak. I’m in a regular spot on Tuesdays at 7:45 a.m. for now. I am attaching the mp3 so that you may here the interview.
For those friends who do not have the bandwidth to listen to the interview (and you know who you are) here is a brief outline.
In the previous week’s time:
I saw a brand new doctor/neurologist who said “why are you here?” and who had never heard of Foreign Accent Syndrome before. Having never heard my unaccented voice, he didn’t notice the significance of such a drastic voice change.
I have been scheduled for an EEG test for the 12th.
We talked in the interview about how very many people hear me and ask “Where are you from?” and my standard answer is “Where do you THINK I am from? We are taking a vote and I’d really like to know what you think?”
Then I gave Terri and Joe the real wonderful news: my singing voice IS my voice.Â In other words, after having talked for a while in my accent voice I am getting a bit depressed about this not being MY voice. However, God has given me a gift; He has left me a bit of comfort. When I cannot stand it anymore all I need to do is SING. I then gave a sample of my singing “You are my Sunshine”…. Terri noticed it right away. “Wait a minute Ellen!! That is YOUR singing voice!!” I replied “Yes, that IS my voice… my real voice”,Â So God has given me the ability to sing in my REAL voice. : )
The interviewers made some kind comments about my singing voice. “Maybe God wants you to sing more.” They also commented on my positive attitude and said we’d talk again next week at the same time if it’s okay.
My answer?Â “Yah Shuuuure”Darryl’s Personal Teachers
These Master teachers are the foundation of Meridian Touch
Meditative Arts
Kanjuro Shibata XX
Kanjuro Shibata XX
Shibata Sensei is easily the highest master of any eastern art under which I’ve studied. The Kyudo he teaches us is for “cutting the ego,” as he says, not for warfare or for battle. Find Shibata Sensei at zenko.org. My personal style of “meditation” could be considered a type of Zen or Taoist approach to quieting the mind and cultivating energy. I’ve been doing this since my early 20’s and never truly followed any formal set of meditative practices. That said, I am currently studying the ancient Samurai art of Kyudo (Japanese Archery). This practice can be a very high form of meditative art and I treat it as such, making it the first formal type of meditation that I have ever studied. I am studying through both the New York and Chicago Iba’s (Schools) under the instruction of the great Kyudo Master Kanjuro Shibata XX. He and his family have long been the imperial bow makers to the Emperor of Japan.
Healing Arts
Dr. Tony Zayner
Dr. Tony Zayner
The most I have ever learned about Eastern medicine and Yin Yang theory came from my good friend and former roommate Tony Zayner. To call him a renaissance man is quite an understatement. Find Dr. Zayner at asianbodyworkclub.com. His background in the eastern healing and martial arts is tremendous and is too long to list. But this is a man who attempts to practice what he preaches in living in the Tao, or the Way. Having resided in Taiwan for 12 years and soaking up the language, culture, and arts of the Chinese, Tony is a uniquely gifted healer and teacher. And in living with him he has taught me many things about life and even saved my life at a time of great crisis when I was at one of my lowest points I have ever been in. He is one of the most generous and knowledgeable teacher and human being I know.
Master Shizuto Masunaga
Master Shizuto Masunaga
There would absolutely be no Meridian Touch if it were not for Shizuto Masunaga. It was his work of creating the original Zen Imagery exercises (which were based on Chinese Dao-In exercises) that I based my creation and synthesizing of the Meridian Touch system. Shizuto Masunaga was the creator of a style of Shiatsu called Zen Shiatsu and was a practicing Psychologist. I never had the pleasure to study directly under the Master as he passed away in 1980, but I have made a couple of trips to Japan to visit his school, the Iokai, and I have had a chance to meet with one of his sons and a senior Iokai student about Meridian Touch and the work I was doing in the US. I was also able to speak with Masuanaga sensei’s widow through her son. This meeting was very important to the direction and growth of the art of Meridian Touch as I received their blessing and encouragement of carrying on in Masunana Sensei’s name and his healing tradition.
Stephen Brown L. Ac.
Stephen Brown L. Ac.
It’s very interesting but almost everything I said about Dr. Tony Zayner could apply to Master Stephen Brown except that his learning and experience comes more from a Japanese source than Chinese. Find Stephen at zenshiatsuseattle.com. Stephen was born in Japan and did most of his studying there though he spent time in China as well. He was also a student and friend of Master Shizuto Masunaga and translated some of the Master’s works including his Zen Imagery book upon which Meridian Touch is based. A veritable fountain of information and wisdom, just being in Stephen’s presence causes you to be open and at one with yourself. He has been a guide, resource and inspiration in countless ways to me, and has taught me what forgiveness and patience are all about. Stephen is in demand all over the world for his acupuncture, shiatsu, and teaching skills. Still he is one of the most humble men in the healing arts that I know.
Wataru Ohashi
Wataru Ohashi
In 2000, having severely burned my body out through over training and bad habits over the years, I found myself learning a new art of healing and self-preservation that helped others to heal at the same time. Find Ohashi at ohashiatsu.org. That art was called Ohashiatsu which I studied at and graduated from the Ohashi Institute in New York City. Wataru Ohashi the founder and head instructor was a direct student of Master Shizuto Masunaga and is known internationally as a pioneer in the world of Asian healing arts, having been one of the first people to bring shiatsu to the US in the early 70’s. My experience of Ohashiatsu, which was Ohashi Sensei’s take on Masunaga Sensei’s Zen Shiatsu, greatly stimulated and directed my structuring of Meridian Touch.
Martial Arts
Arjan Simon Burgess
Arjan Simon Burgess
One day while making a call in a phone booth in Queens, (that’s right I said phone booth, remember those?) a man tried to pull a knife and stab me in my kidneys. Fortunately I sensed him approaching from behind and was able to spin out of the booth and escape the scene. Fortunately I sensed him approaching from behind and I was able to spin out of the booth and get some space between us and escape the scene. Until this point I had only studied Okinawan weapons in my Karate classes. This study was absolutely useless in relation to being attacked for real with a knife. I decided I needed some training in REAL weapons especially with knives so I decided to study Pilipino Kali and the universe lead me to Simon Burgess. Simon’s no nonsense, real world style of teaching and fighting were refreshing. It was very different from the sterile and safe world of sport martial arts. Here for the first time I could see the power one has to take a life in an instant. This gives you respect for life and an appreciation for healing and saving a life. If I am ever in a street fight or brawl I definitely want Simon Burgess on my side! Simon is once again my current Kali teacher. Find Simon at academyfivepoints.com.
Coach Ao Shiro Iida
Coach Ao Shiro Iida
While studying Karate at Shihan Miyazaki’s Shotokan School, I happen to have the great fortune to meet Shihan Miyazaki’s cousin, Ao Shiro Iida, better known as “Blue” or just Mr. Iida. Find Blue at martialartsny.com. I had barely heard of Muay Thai Kickboxing when I met him in the 80’s, but for the almost 10 years I was under his tutelage, he taught me more about the martial arts than anyone else ever did. He had lived and fought in Thailand for many years and had 60 fights to his name. He also had a background in Tai-Jitsu and other arts and would teach me many things beyond the scope of Muay Thai. Under his instruction I was preparing to begin to compete in amateur Muay Thai bouts. I still say that Blue has the hardest shins it’s been my privilege to clash with!
Emory Moore
Emory Moore
One hot summer evening underground at the West 4th Street subway station in NYC back in the 90’s, I was returning home after an inspiring Kali (stick fighting) class. While I waited at the end of the desolate platform for the A train to Brooklyn, I decided to take out my Kali sticks to practice and reinforce the techniques I had been practicing in class. As I began moving my sticks through the air, I felt the presence of someone watching me and drawing closer. It happened to be the movement master Emory Moore Jr. coming to speak to me about my Kali skills.
As a practitioner of the movement and martial arts Emory is unmatched in knowledge, experience, and skill as a practitioner. Being exposed to his philosophies and teaching for many years has had a profound effect on my style of teaching and knowledge as what he taught deeply resonated with my own innate approach to fitness, health, and movement. His personal movement system called EM Techniques is one the best keep secrets on the east coast for restoring movement and true functional strength to the body.
Find Emory at
George Aschkar
George Aschkar
Shortly before I found Simon Burgess as my Kali teacher, I was already looking for more realism in my karate training. I found it with Sensei George Aschkar, a former student of Shihan Toyotaro Miyazaki. Find Sensei Aschkar at kyodaidojo.com. In Sensei Aschkar’s dojo (school) it was all good! Judo was taught there as well as Kung Fu and boxing. When you sparred in karate class, you weren’t limited to using only karate techniques. You could use whatever you wanted, but Sensei cautioned us to expect to get back what we dished out to our opponents! This openness to training was a departure to the strict rules and structure of traditional Shotokan and allowed me to use my Muay Thai skills when sparring. Sensei Aschkar wanted your Karate to work on the streets. If it didn’t then what was the point? Don’t misunderstand, Sensei was not a brawler or an out of control teacher. Quite the opposite. In fact, Sensei was a very aware and sensitive person and helped me through some very tough transitions when I was going through a heartbreaking divorce.
Guro Vic Velez
Guro Vic Velez
After a short break in my Kali training, I returned to it a few years later through Guro Jesus Vasquez where at that time I met senior student Vic Velez who would later become my Kali teacher. He’s a formidably strong and passionate teacher of the art. Find Vic at velezkali.com. It was an eye opening experience in refining my technique when I began training in Kail under Guro Vic. His enthusiasm, eye to detail, and creativity in the art helped me see to Kali in a much bigger way as a truly complete martial art.
Kru Phil Nurse
Kru Phil Nurse
Phil is a 2-time European Champion Muay Thai fighter and of recent has become well known in the Mixed Martial Arts world as striking coach to MMA Champion fighter George St. Pierre. After my association with Blue Iida ended I began training under Kru Phil Nurse. Find Phil at thewat.com It was back in the 90’s during the “Crosby Street Days” when he was grooming some of his early fighters like Ajaye James and Kamuti Kiteme. Studying under Phil added a new measure of toughness, skill and creativity to the Muay Thai I had learned from Blue. Phil is one of best fighters and trainers there is to be found anywhere. It’s always a pleasure to visit the Wat, his school in NYC, and take a class or two with him to keep my skills up and get my butt kicked to keep me humble.
Master Fabio Clemente
Master Fabio Clemente
I was introduced to Master Fabio by Brazilian Jiu Jitsu purple belt student Almir Araujo back in the 90’s just as the fame of the Gracie’s was starting to spread in the US. When I met Fabio he was still a Brown Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Find Fabio at alliancebjjnyc.com. Even with all of my Karate and Muay Thai experience, this man simply crushed me when fighting on the ground. I was simply his bitch! Nothing I learned in my former arts, outside of eye gouging or breaking fingers, was helping me fight this man when we sparred. I had previously decided to learn a grappling art when once sparring in Karate class, a student with judo experience threw me through the air like a rag doll and I had no defense or come back against him. My martial arts world was turned upside down when I began to study BJJ and it really opened my eyes to touch and body sensitivity like I never knew before. And Fabio is one of the best teachers and competitors in all of New York City. He’s also an outstanding, hardworking, and warm hearted human being in addition to being strong as a bull!
Mestranda Edna Lima
Mestranda Edna Lima
Edna is one of my favorite people ever! She was my very first and still is my only Capoeira teacher. I met her way back in the 80’s when she had first arrived from Brazil and could barely speak any English. She had come to the Miyazaki Shotokai Karate School to teach a Shotokan Karate workshop. It was in this workshop that I found out about Capoeira Regional for the first time. Mestranda Edna has been an inspiration, guide, and good friend to me for over 20 years. She has an unbelievably deep soul and huge heart of love. And as a martial artist and competitor she can be fierce as a tiger when she needs to. I’ve learned many things from my friend and teacher Edna both in and out of the world of Capoeira. Find Edna at Abada Capoeira.
Michael Olajide Jr.
Michael Olajide Jr.
Michael was a former #1 middle weight contender in boxing. Although I never learned martial arts or boxing directly from Michael, he was the most influential person to help get me into higher levels of the fitness business. Find Michael at aerospacenyc.com. I met him at a time that was “pre-Tae Bo,” when he was promoting and developing his new Aerobox Cardiobox system. I became one of his main student teachers, and helped to galvanize both Aerobox and Aerojump in the major fitness facilities in Manhattan like Equinox and Chelsea Piers and help to make the Aerobox brand the gold standard when it came to boxing based conditioning workouts. I credit Michael also for teaching me the superb jump rope skills that I still use to this day in teaching and training my students and clients. I’ve gotten good with the rope but I’m still nowhere near as good as Michael.
Shihan Toyotaro Miyazaki
Shihan Toyotaro Miyazaki
Miyakazi Shihan was my first serious martial arts teacher. I was with him for many years starting in my early 20’s. I owe my love and skill of kata (fighting forms) to Miyazaki Shihan’s instruction and his impeccable technique. It was with him that my curiosity in learning about all things Japanese began to blossom, and that extended to my studying the Japanese language, attending Shiatsu school, and embracing many aspects of Japanese arts and culture into my life. He also instilled in me a fierce but flexible sense of Japanese discipline. Though Miyazaki Shihan is retired and no longer actively teaching karate, he is still well known and respected internationally in the martial arts world. Find Shihan Miyazaki at Shotokai USA.2000+ WEB TEMPLATES - The primary download provides the top 50 assortment pack. Travel to the project page at for an additional 2000+ sites categorized by theme color.
Features
- 2000 more color catagorized templates at project site
- Project site located at
Categories
LicensePublic Domain
Follow Html-Templates
Html-templates works good.Elevation of Andria,Italy Elevation Map, Topo, Contour131 meter
Below is the Elevation map of Andria,Italy, which displays range of elevation with different colours.
The elevation map of Andria,Italy is generated using elevation data from NASA's 90m resolution SRTM data.
The maps also provides idea of topography and contour of Andria,Italy.
Andria,Italy Elevation Map is displayed at different zoom levels.
Note:Please note that Andria,Italy Elevation Map is in beta.
This Andria,Italy Elevation Map is licensed under CC BY-SA.
You have to give credit by linking to this Andria,Italy Elevation Map page.
Base map © OpenStreetMap contributors*Orders on this site containing spirits can be shipped to stores only.
Available for spirits and wine from our delivery partners.
Sku: 228105 750ML
Please be aware that price, vintage and availability are subject to change.
Log in to add items to your wish list.
Barefoot Sweet Red is a ripe and juicy wine with delicious flavors of raspberry, pomegranate and luscious cherry. Excellent served chilled!
Goes Well With:
State: CALIFORNIA
Country: USA
Varietal: RED BLEND
Sweetness: 5One of the joys of camping is taking with you as many of the home comforts as you possibly can. The Harewood and Bishopdale troop don't like roughing it, so we have taken to C-JAM our very own prototype camp washing machine to do the laundry. However, there are a few difficulties that need to be overcome ...... there is no electricity and no running water!
This is not a serious problem to the resourceful Kiwi scouts. The clothes are simply loaded into the machine and the door is closed. The soap powder is loaded into the soap drawer and the water is added from the water container. Then you need to add a willing scout ................... or kea in this case,
to turn the the bike pedal. It works like a dream but this prototype cannot spin - the next version will have a bicycle attached to provide the required gearing.[N]ow.
quarta-feira, 21 de setembro de 2011
Mais um
WUWT: New peer reviewed paper: clouds have large negative cooling effect on Earth’s radiation budget
Subscrever: Enviar comentários (Atom)
Sem comentários:
Enviar um comentárioPlus2112 Inactive Malware Help Topics 13 06-10-2011 09:34 AM Antivirus Antimaleware 2011! To resolve Error Code 10 we recommend the following: Reboot your computer - this is always a first step to resolving any problems, if it works - great, if not - Join over 733,556 other people just like you! I have a seatgate HDD in an external case, connected via usb 3.0 connected to a windows 10 machine.
I clicked on properties, "this device cannot start" code:10. How to fix audio drivers issues in Windows 7? A full driver reinstall involves completely removing the currently installed driver and then letting Windows install it over again from scratch. Update the drivers for the device. solved What is the meaning of the error code 10( cannot start the device(sohousb 2.5 mobile disk) when tried to trouble shoot and cor solved Device cannot start code 10 Bluetooth dig this
My answer is "don't accept drivers from Microsoft."My second answer is "don't update drivers when it works."Sorry I don't have much else to offer here except you may want to google Show more Language: English Content location: United States Restricted Mode: Off History Help Loading... Tech Zaada 3,170,385 views 8:34 Solution to No Audio Output Device is installed - Duration: 7:36. _kryptoknight 1,175,735 views 7:36 5 Things You Should Do After Upgrading to Windows 10 -
A drive that has failed, and one that will. 07-08-2013, 08:32 AM #11 hainiva Registered Member Join Date: Jun 2013 Posts: 6 OS: Windows 7 Finally... A drive that has failed, and one that will. 06-16-2013, 10:08 AM #4 hainiva Registered Member Join Date: Jun 2013 Posts: 6 OS: Windows 7 Hi alpenadiver, I This site is completely free -- paid for by advertisers and donations. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) A Device Which Does Not Exist Was Specified. Is it possible that this is a hardware problem?
I'd like to keep this page as accurate as possible.What Does the Code 10 Error Apply to?The Code 10 error could apply to any hardware device in Device Manager though most This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Windows 10 For me it worked like magic. 2 sec later no conflicts in Device Manager and the drive pop up. But even after all the steps, it is telling the same error message. Thread Status: Not open for further replies.
Restart your PC and see if the problem resolves.Method 3: Manually Fix Corrupted Registry Entries Note: To perform this, you need to be logged on to Windows as an administrator. This Device Cannot Start. Code 10 Realtek High Definition Audio Stay logged in Sign up now! Reply pedran January 29, 2016, 8:12 am There is no any outdate driver on my windows.there isn't any problem in that.but I'm sure this can repair by android on my Son Bui 104,658 views 1:41 Fix Arduino "Unable to install Driver" or "This device cannot start. (Code 10)" (Cheap Arduinos) - Duration: 9:52.
I have tried to download the latest driver files from the Intel website and tried. or X post a screen shot of the device manager - network adapters To post a screen shot of the active window, hold the Alt key and press the PrtScn key. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Windows 7 What to do if Windows 10 upgrade fails? This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Network Adapter David Kimball 2,668,041 views 8:27 Stop Windows 10 Spying - Privacy & Security Matter - Duration: 35:37.
Also tried to disable than enable but still doesn't work. navigate here I have, reset to factory settings. However it started lagging again and died. What should I do to solve it? This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Usb Mass Storage
Tech Support Guy is completely free -- paid for by advertisers and donations. Or disconnect it? Privacy Policy | EULA | Contact Us | Non-Profit Organization | Affiliate | Magazine Covermount | Press Kits English / Deutsch Go Top Drivers.com updates ≡ Menu Drivers.com Home Download Drivers Check This Out DriversExpert July 31, 2012 20 comments Drivers, Windows 7 Drivers, Windows 8 Drivers, Windows Vista Drivers, Windows XP Drivers Error codes can be extremely frustrating if you are unable to understand
Reply Leave a Comment Cancel Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Usb To Serial Click here to join today! I am assuming it cant start because it isnt there.
Have actually gone to device UR44 audio interface website, Steinberg.com and uninstalled and reinstalled the newest driver version, but no luck. lolerary Inactive Malware Help Topics 11 04-03-2011 07:35 PM Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit Attached Files: Untitled.jpg File size: 139.8 KB Views: 1,085 WirelessTrouble, Oct 5, 2011 #3 WirelessTrouble Thread Starter Joined: Oct 4, 2011 Messages: 5 Visited your link. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Wifi Adapter No, create an account now.
ENTER HERE © CBS Interactive Inc. / All Rights Reserved. Loading... XP today is much too hard for most folk to install proper. this contact form Style Default Style Contact Us Help Home Top RSS Terms and Rules Copyright © TechGuy,. Please enter a valid email address. the same error is showing. 06-17-2013, 06:34 AM #7 hainiva Registered Member Join Date: Jun 2013 Posts: 6 OS: Windows 7 This is the output of the IPConfig
This doesn't happen all the time but about 30% of the time on start up.Thank you!-----------------------------------------------------------------I have an old computer that I did a clean OS reinstall two months ago. Custom built W7 Ultimate, 64 bit. Then Registry Editor will open. 3. All Rights Reserved Tom's Hardware Guide ™ Ad choices Tech Support Forum Security Center Virus/Trojan/Spyware Help General Computer Security Computer Security News Microsoft Support BSOD, Crashes And Hangs Windows 10 Support
Reply Osher November 19, 2015, 9:11 pm i tried everything but cant find a driver im using an infrared adapter Reply DriversExpert November 20, 2015, 11:34 am what are I am using a HP Desktop PC having Windows 7 Professional operating system. Rolling back the driver to a version prior to your update. Please follow the steps below carefully, as serious problems might occur if you modify the registry incorrectly. It is recommended to back up the registry so you can restore them to previous
Please ell e Im right so I can remove the driver. How to 6,748 views 2:06 How to Fix USB Device Not Recognized - USB Not Working? - Duration: 5:27. Reply fixxel says: September 26, 2016 at pm9:20 None of these solved it 100%… they managed to fix system audio and game audio, but with browser I still cant hear anything… it says device cannot start code 10.
i successful Reply nanu8520 January 11, 2015, 5:30 pm If it is a USB flash drive, go to Disk management, format it as FAT or NTFS then assign/change different letter Working...AnchorPoint Christian School inspires and educates our diverse community through affordable and innovative teaching, creating a passion for Christ and a love of learning.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
AnchorPoint is truly UNIQUE! We are the ONLY Reformed faith-based Christian elementary school in Wyoming, Michigan. As that special Christian school in the urban heart of Wyoming ...
We INSPIRE:
Committed to strong faith in Jesus Christ and to educational excellence, we teach, mentor, and nurture -- inspiring students, their families, and the community into lives of Christian discipleship.
We EDUCATE:
Thoughts flow, hearts pound, and eyes shine with a deepening sense of understanding and empowerment fostered by creative lesson plans, experiential learning activities, and faith-based teaching. This strong Christian education provides students with a foundation for spiritual growth and professional success.
We embrace DIVERSITY:
AnchorPoint reflects the diverse, unique people and personalities of our community and world. We promote understanding and respect of others in our classrooms, homes, and throughout our community.
We are AFFORDABLE:
Tuition is affordable; applications for tuition assistance are available on request. Our academic success rate is ranked above state standards. Enrollment in AnchorPoint Christian School is a worthy, affordable investment in each child’s success.
We INNOVATE:
Our experienced staff members are recognized for using innovative teaching methods that inspire growth and success in students and their families.
We foster PASSION and LOVE:
Christian education is the foundation that inspires a love of learning. At the heart of our mission is the desire to awaken and stimulate a lifelong passion for Christ in everyone we meet and with all that we do. "We have this hope as an anchor for the soul, firm and secure." Hebrews 6:19.We had an amazing day at the polls in Waterville on Election Day, Tuesday, November 7th! We spoke with hundreds of Waterville voters about our effort to ban plastic shopping bags in Waterville. Over 300 people signed our petition which read “I support banning plastic bags in Waterville! Dozens of people where very excited about our efforts and glad to hear we were taking it on.
We spoke with about 800 people throughout the day. About 75% of the conversations I had with folks were very positive. Many people where very excited about our effort and gladly signed our petition and took more info. About 20% of people did not have an opinion, and 5% were opposed. We handed out hundreds of reusable shopping bags for free to encourage folks not use use plastic shopping bags. We still have about a 100 reusable bags we will hand out to the community for free in the coming months.Video – Sea Grass / Archaeological site mapping
ROV
SeaBotix LBV150, depth capability 150m, thether length 175m. Forward facing color camera and down facing B/W camera. Video output for recording to DVR.
Underwater video mapping, seagrass, archaeological sites.
This capability is in development. A video system that will be able to record the sea floor, water clarity permitting, with images geo-referenced. A mosaic system that can ‘stitch’ groups of images or video is also being looked at.Mortgage Relief Arrives for Borrowers on Brink
IndyMac Offers Loan Relief Program, Lowering Interest Rates
By DAVID MUIROct. 8, 2008
Across this country, borrowers on the brink are finally getting some help from an unlikely source: mortgage lenders.
Mortage rates fell this week, saving homebuyers thousands.
Nearly one in six homeowners owes more on their mortgages than their home is worth, according to new numbers released by the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday.
Diane Smith, a Los Angeles mother of two adopted children with special needs, spent months in fear when she was told by her lender that her home would be auctioned.
"I've been terrified for six months," Smith said.
Two years ago, Smith re-financed her mortgage, hoping to use the extra money to fix the roof and the kitchen. Then her adjustable interest rate spiked just as the value of her home plummeted.
Smith couldn't afford the payments and, in this housing market, was unable to sell. And then this week, she received a phone call from an unlikely source: her bank, Indymac.
Indymac, which was taken over by the Federal Depositors' Insurance Corporation in July, decided to reduce the interest rate on her mortgage, from 7 percent to 4.8 percent, generating a savings of $1,749 a month.
"I thought, I could buy running shoes for my kids again," Smith said with pride. "And I could afford to buy milk for my kids again, because for the last five or six months I've had to borrow money to buy milk for my kids."
In August, FDIC officials began to deal with the 60,000 mortgages passed due that were held by Indymac. The lender launched a loan modification program, offering new terms and lower rates to more than 3,000 borrowers that have signed on to the program.
Amid intensifying political pressure that lenders are not doing enough to prevent foreclosure, a growing number of mortgage services are easing interest rates -- six times more often than just a year ago, according to Credit Suisse.
The $700 billion federal rescue plan encourages banks to adopt plans like IndyMac's, offering new terms for loan payments on those facing foreclosure.
For those banks and lenders, the loss incurred on the interest they're collecting is, for now, less costly than the effort it might take to sell a foreclosed home at a reduced price.
"In some cases, the length of the loan will increase, it depends on the circumstance," said John Bovenzi, CEO at Indymac. "This idea is to make the loan more affordable for the borrower so they can sustain payments and stay in their home."
The rate of foreclosures doubled from June of last year, according to RealtyTrac, an online market of foreclosure prosperities. The increase in foreclosure signals the growing number of homeowners who are struggling to make payments on their homes.« Back to Knowledge Base
vMix Control Surface Download and User Guide
Download
The software for the vMix Control Surface can be downloaded at the link below:
Once downloaded, run the program and follow the prompts.
When asked to install the "Arduino USB Driver", make sure to click Install to ensure
the control surface works correctly.
User Guide
Last Updated: Tuesday, 27 October 2015 2:56:20 PMEasy Floor Plan Maker Free is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for motivation about you search. The exactly aspect of Easy Floor Plan Maker Free was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Easy Floor Plan Maker Free by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Easy Floor Plan Maker Free just drive another button or prior button; or if you are enthusiastic about similar pictures of Easy Floor Plan Maker Easy Floor Plan Maker Free on Facebook, Journey, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Description:
The oil demonstration begins with an explanation of the colors on my palette and how the painting is composed and sketched out onto the canvas. The under painting is developed to establish color and value...(more)
Description:
his DVD contains two demos:
Part 1: Rippled Water
A harbor scene with fishing boats. He starts with a watercolor underpainting then applies soft pastel on top. He talks about the rhythm of rippling water and what...(more)
Description:
This DVD is number two in a series of two demonstrating Bob Rohm's techniques for painting water in pastel. The two demonstrations on this DVD feature Slow Water and Transparent Water. From the composition and...(more)
Description:
This 2-disk DVD demonstrates Bob Rohm's 'Painterly Approach' to oil painting in the studio and on location.
Demonstration # 1 is painted in the studio using a photo reference and details his process step-by-step from...(more)
Description:
Watch and listen as Bob Rohm develops the pastel painting from the first strokes to the final accents. This is an excellent video for all levels of pastel artists. He explains and demonstrates the complete...(more)
We respect your email privacyPrompt and Affordable Air Conditioning Repair Services in Bainbridge Island Are Vital in the Summer
An air conditioning system plays an important role during the hot summer months because it keeps everyone comfortable. Some homeowners become completely frustrated if the system stops running correctly. It is wise to contact a professional offering Air Conditioning Repair Services Bainbridge Island right away. It is important to choose an experienced provider who responds quickly to service requests. They should offer a variety of services including repairs, free estimates, replacements, maintenance plan and new system installation. Some companies offer finance options with a new system purchase, and this is very helpful for those living on a strict budget.
Most systems will begin to show signs of a problem, and it is a good idea to watch for them. This can include a variation of the room temperature, banging noises from the system, fluid leakage and the system blowing out warm air. It is important to contact a professional as soon as these signs are present. Continued use of the air conditioning could cause damage to the system. A professional will quickly inspect the system and find the problem. This is why is is a good idea to work with an experienced provider offering service on all makes and models of air conditioning systems.
Some companies offer services around the clock and during the weekend. This makes it easier for the customer to get quality service when it is needed the most. Choosing an established company is always a good idea because this means that they offer much experience and knowledge. Quality Heating Electrical & AC is an excellent choice in this area because they offer experience, reliability, and affordable rates. Their reputation for offering quality work is something that they worked hard to earn.
Working with an experienced provider of air conditioning repair services in Bainbridge Island is the best way to ensure that the job is completed correctly. This helps the system to operate more efficiently, and this saves the customer money on their energy costs. Competitive prices should be offered on all repairs, and it is important to work with a provider offering a fast response to service requests. This is especially true if there are elderly, occupants on breathing machines or those who are chronically ill, living in the home.We Interpol clearance again! So back to the gate and the guy at the gate says the Interpol chap was here a minute ago, but now he has gone, but ‘I’ll phone him’, so 10 minutes later he appears and checks all our papers and the car’s chassis number and then he and Terry appear to the office to fill in another book.
Then we are told that we need insurance, so back to the gate and we are escorted to a locked gate and we call to the insurance guy, but he also isn’t there, but never mind says the gate guy ‘I’ll phone him’, so about 15 minutes later he arrives and we hand US$30 through the gate and he disappears up the hill to a tin rondavel and comes back about 15 minutes later with an Insurance Certificate.
Then we get sent to the Road Traffic agency to pay Toll tax – another long walk to a converted container and hand over US$20 and get a very smart certificate.
Now back to CUSTOMS! They want 150 000 Kwatcha (which is US$30) but they won’t accept dollars, and we don’t have Kwatcha! There’s no Bureau de Change at the gate and there used to be informal moneychangers there, but ‘We’ve chased them away because they used to make trouble’!! But never mind, for US$4, they will call a cab who will take us to the next settlement where the moneychangers now hang out and we can change our dollars. Eventually, after much haggling, they agreed to let Terry and another guy in the same predicament take the car to the next settlement, but i had to stay behind as a guarantee that they would come back. So off they go down the road in Zambia and are met at the next turn by loads of guys with wads of notes who do the necessary exchange and they come back with the Kwatcha. So we hand over the Kwatcha, and then there is more hassle because the Interpol guy only wrote in the book and didn’t give us a certificate, but eventually about 2 hours later we are in Zambia! And this on a quiet day! In the time we were there, ther was only one truck and one other guy trying to get through the border. Heaven knows what happens on a busy day!
Anyhow, we are now very late and have to travel on the very busy Great North Road in darkness. No Joke! Loads of trucks, potholes, pedestrians and livestock everywhere and the occasional police roadblock, but eventually we arrived at Eureka campsite on the Southern side of Lusaka at about 19.30. Lovely campsite – grassed, clean ablutions, hot shower, a restaurant where we had a very welcome bacon and egg roll for supper. Just what we needed before collapsing into bed.
Next morning we drove into Lusaka – a big modern city with loads of traffic, lots of upmarket hotels and shopping centres. We changed our dollars into Kwatcha and stocked up on supplies at Shoprite at a very upmarket mall, much like many of the better ones at home. All the big SA chains are there – P n P, Woolies, Shoprite, Pep, Bata, Nandos, etc. But when we tried to fill up with fuel, Africa kicked in and 2 of the garages we tried were out of fuel!
Anyhow, on to the Great East Road which goes from Lusaka, capital of Zambia, all the way to Lilongwe in Malawi. We are now camped at Bridge campsite near Luangwe which is on the Luangwe River, which is the border between Zambia and Mozambique at this point. So looking across this beautiful river, we are looking at Mozambique. The campsite is beautifully situated and has a pool which is very welcome as today has been very hot, and tomorrow off to South Luangwe National Park.
Love
Yvonne.
Contents
DIY Supplies You Need
- wine caps
- microwaveable wax
- wicks
- wax dyes
- double side tape
- knife
- scissors
Step By Step Instructions
Remove internal capping from the caps using the knife.
Cut the double side tape into small pieces and attach them to the wicks. Remove the paper from the other side of the tape and attach the wicks to the bottom inside of the caps. If a cap is very wide, you can put more than one wick.
Cut the wicks, so they would show up about 1/4” from the cap.
Melt the wax. You can use microwave, or you can use a double boiler as I did.
How to set up a double boiler
-.
- Periodically add water to replace water lost to evaporation. Do not let the double boiler run dry. It can quickly get too hot and overheat the wax. Being overheated, the wax may reach the Flash Point.
- Allow the wax to melt.
Once the wax is liquid, you can dye it. Remember that the liquid dyed wax looks much darker than the solid one.
Pour the dyed wax into the caps.
This dark blue colour will give baby blue once the wax cools down.
Mix two or more dyes together to achieve various hues. Enjoy experimenting with colours!
After you fill the caps, let them to stay still for a couple of hours to properly cool and mature.
DIY Wine Cap Tea Candles Results
Once the candles are ready, place them on an appetizer plate and light up! Enjoy warmness and peacefulness of the little fires highlighting a grey winter day.
Make candles, not war!
Disclaimer: Yup, this post may contain affiliate links! If you buy something from me, I get some margarita money (not enough to buy a pair of shoes). Read more here.
What a great idea! They look so lovely.It was three years ago, at the press conference announcing his hiring as UW football coach, that Tyrone Willingham said: “It is time for the University of Washington to return to being the dawgs. And it is my understanding that a dawg is a vicious animal.”
At that same press conference, a reporter asked UW Athletic Director Todd Turner about harsh criticism emanating from certain circles in response to Willingham’s hiring.
.”
The press conference concluded with Willingham making it clear that he looked toward a time when talk would be about bowl games and not the fact he was one of college football’s few black head coaches.
“We want to get to the point in our culture where that is not the focus, where it really is the body of work being done,” said Willingham.
Nearly three seasons and thirty-three games into his body of work, the verdict is in. Featured is an overall record of 10-23, including an abysmal 3-7 mark this season. In multiple games, Willingham’s team has collapsed in stupefying fashion. The defense and special teams play rank among the worst in Washington football history. Recruiting is in a freefall toward oblivion. The Huskies are considered a laughingstock of not only the Pac-10, but also the Northwest (where they once ruled for decades with an iron fist).
Furthermore, Willingham’s stoic personality and aloof attitude have not endeared him to the fan base and a majority of boosters. He provides no inspiration, no confidence and no sense of hope. He also incensed many with his recent attempts to deflect blame upon his players for the string of devastating losses. History will note that Willingham is the first coach in 118 years of Husky Football to suffer three consecutive losing seasons.
It must be said that Willingham was hired back in 2004 to clean up the mess left in the wake of former coaches Rick Neuheisel and Keith Gilbertson, who suffered under the ineffectual leadership of former Athletic Director Barbara Hedges. The 2004 squad, under Gilbertson, went 1-10. To Willingham’s credit, the specter of NCAA investigations, which plagued the Neuheisel years, has disappeared off UW’s radar. For that, Husky fans can thank him.
Beyond that, the future remains bleak with Willingham at the helm. The team looks no better, and in some ways worse, than the 2004 edition. The shooting comet that is Jake Locker’s college career will pass oh-so-quickly. A current NFL General Manager recently told KJR’s Hugh Millen that Locker (a redshirt freshman!) is already one of the special quarterback talents “in the history of football.” Locker is an amazing gift to Washington, and one that can’t be squandered. For this young man’s sake, a dynamic coach who can recruit is needed to surround Locker with top-shelf talent. This is necessary so Locker can get to a BCS bowl before his jump to the NFL. For Washington’s sake, a dynamic coach capable of bestowing belief and vision is needed to capitalize on the Locker years and better teach the fundamentals of playing football to the UW players.
Former Husky player and Atlanta Falcons coach Jim L. Mora fits that bill. He is almost certainly available for the taking, in his current capacity as assistant coach for the Seattle Seahawks. From his days as defensive coordinator with the San Francisco 49ers, Mora is renown as a defensive mastermind and dynamic presence. Current Atlanta players, like ex-Husky Lawyer Milloy, rave about Mora’s leadership skills and greatness as a head coach.
As KJR’s Mitch Levy recently stated on-air, Mora represents a “Get out of jail free card” to the Huskies. Given the financial and public pressure currently being placed upon UW President Mark Emmert, it is clear the time for change should nearly be at hand. The Husky legacy is literally at stake. It’s a great year for high school talent in the state of Washington, and it’s not too late to harvest a good recruiting crop. Mora could swoop in and transform this recruiting class from drab to dynamite, but the window of opportunity is closing.
The time to make the move is this December, at the conclusion of the football season.
13 responses to “It’s time for a Coaching Change at Washington”
Great article, well written!
Well written, impartial and accurate. Nicely done Derek.
Great read. The damage has been done, time to cut bait and move on.
Pingback: Husky Half Brains » Blog Archive » Derek Johnson is on board
you’ve got huge ones for actually having the courage to expound this despite your professionali journalistic needs to maintain access to the team.
an opinion is always going to garner more attention than simply the recitation of facts/quotes – kudos to you DJ.
Great job Derek.
Great article. We are looking at a unigque moment in husky history. Although it appears bleak we actually have a window of opportunity that has not existed since the James era. We need the voices of the faithful to be raised until that window becomes an exercised opportunity.
I don’t agree with much in your post. There are too many vague references to things that may or may not be true and the blind faith in Jim Mora does not do it for me IMHO. If we deep six Ty there needs to be a full scale search for the new coach. I think Gary Pinkle would be a better candidate with his college experience.
YEAH!!!! Great article…
Willingham gets paid to produce results and he hasn’t gotten even close. It’s time to fire and rehire. Well written article. I understand that UW athletics is really applying the heat and I’m glad you didn’t cave to pressure and write an “what elephant in the room?” type story about the season such as Turner tried to pitch.
Don James should have never retired! It’s all been trouble since then.
Pingback: Husky fans are Sick and Tired of being Sick and Tired (Bring on Sarkisian!) «
Can this be shipped overseas?i love to sing and im 13 and i live in ohio.i am an actor and i love
to dance too. i am single .i have 2 brothers and 1 sister.my brothers
are 18,and 11 and my sister is 16.i also have two cats. i love when
guys are sweet and tell you that they like you instead of playing hard
to get .that annoys me.i also love when a guy has ruffled hair instead
of perfect hair!!!!♥♥♥♥♥Columns
Date Night
Talking It Over
I watched the tail end of an Oprah rerun featuring a young HIV-positive man who vividly described his use of drugs and the wild reckless behavior that caused his HIV status. He told of deliberately “hunting the bug” by looking for sick men in bathhouses and having bareback sex with them and others. […]
She Said
About a week after the 2004 Presidential Election (after enough time had passed to digest that not only would it be four more years of the Idiot-in-Chief but also that I now lived in a red state), I began looking for political analysis of why and how America (as the headlines were screaming) had taken a step to the right. […]This is an outstanding mid-range model that truly feels like it should cost several hundred dollars more than it does. It has an elegance, and luxurious quality and look, that we have only experienced in top-range models.
It also has some great features. There are the built-in cushioned seats, the smart cover, and the neat dial that lets you control the intensity of the massage system. These all add up to make this a fantastic choice.
Our first port of call is always Amazon. They have the most competitive deals online and usually include free shipping as well. This is something we greatly appreciate, especially the pleasure of having such a heavy item delivered directly to our door. To see the latest deal, you can click this link over to Amazon.
9 votesDepartment of Mechanical Engineering, Nagoya University, Nagoya 464, Japan
Toshiba Corp., Fuchu 183, Japan
Macroscopic wetting behavior is investigated theoretically from a thermodynamic viewpoint. The axisymmetric liquid meniscus formed under a conical solid surface is chosen as the subject of the theoretical analysis. Using the meniscus configuration obtained by the Laplace equation, the total free energy of the system is calculated. In the case of the half vertical angle of the cone φ = 90 deg (horizontal plate), the system shows thermodynamic instability when the meniscus attaches to the solid surface at the contact angle. This result, unlike the conventional view, agrees well with the practical wetting behavior observed in this study. On the other hand, when 0 deg < φ < 90 deg, the system shows thermodynamic stability at the contact angle. However, when the solid cone is held at a position higher than the critical height from a stationary liquid surface, the system becomes unstable. It is possible to measure the contact angle easily using this unstable.Latest unique and alluring ideas of stunning outfits for girls in wedding by the designer Kylee Ann Minogue.
Beautiful Wedding Outfits
Here we are presenting you the best and stunning collection of wedding outfits for girls by Kylee.She launched fancy dresses for weddings in fully eastern touch.Her newly launched collection is based on pure groovy material and gaily themes.These colorful and lively outfits are embellished with different kinds of embroiderires,thread work,gota work,patches etc.
Post Review
Here our current drafted clump is correlated with the display of shiny and fancy outfits for girls in wedding newly launched by an ionized designer Kylee.
Category: Wedding WearsBut the truth is, there is nothing good in man. There never was any creature in the universe who was ever good, or capable of good in himself. God alone is good and it was always this way. Adam was only good and only capable of good because God was living inside of him. When he separated from God all his goodness departed. God is not trying to prove that man is capable of good with a little help. God is trying to prove that man is totally incapable of any good in himself, but if man will allow Him to come to live again in him, then He, God, is perfectly capable of living a perfect life in such a person.
The emphasis is not on man's efforts to do what is right, but on man's need to yield to Christ, to surrender himself entirely to the Lord so that Christ may live and not him. The emphasis is not on works, but on the person of Christ. It is the emphasis that Christ alone is my righteousness.
We see that this truth does not in any sense negate or downplay the issue of free choice. Man must choose. His free-will is preserved. But again, the emphasis is radically different from that focused on by Priebe and Larson. The choice which is made is not a choice to obey the law; it is not a choice to do good. The individual recognizes that such a thing is an impossibility and he does not waste his energies in trying to do what is impossible. Instead it is a choice to choose Christ. It is a choice to give up my own life and to choose the life in Christ instead. From that moment, when I have made that single great choice, Christ and not I, then it is He who lives. It is now He who makes the choices. I wear His yoke so I have no choices to make. I can experience His rest, the easy yoke and the light burden, for it is now He who works in me to will and to do of His good pleasure. The burden is gone and my heavy labour is ended.
Let us consider a fundamental truth that many do not seem to remember. The controversy does not center on man. It is not between man and Satan. It centers on Christ and His Father. It is between them and Satan. The issue is not what man can do. It is not a controversy to display what kind of good creature God created, or how much ability there is in man.
The Critical Question
The real issue in the controversy is the question, do we all really need God in order to live right? Lucifer claimed in the beginning that we are able to live and to live right without needing God. Essentially this is what he told Adam and Eve in the garden. This was what he convinced millions of angels of. It was not that they could overthrow the power and the might of God, but that they could live without Him, that they could establish a rival government built on different principles.
God's government is essentially this: Christ in you (Luke 17:21; Col. 1:27). God has said that it is impossible for any creature to be good in himself. Satan says it is a lie and he set out to prove it. God says, “I alone am good, and without me you can do nothing. Without me you are utterly depraved.”
So the controversy centers on a demonstration of two alternatives. Goodness by the effort of the creature, or goodness by union with Christ. If man is able in himself to choose and to do good, even before he is born again, then man does not need God in order to be good. All he needs is the right information, the correct education. In essence, he only needs to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil like Satan told him. If he is “like God, knowing good from evil,” then he is able to choose good and refuse the bad.
But God has set out to prove that it is a lie. Satan's claim is pure folly. Only God is good in all the universe. Without Him, there is nothing but evil and corruption. Therefore the only hope for any creature is to be filled with Christ's life. Every person must so give himself up to Christ that Christ may be able to live His life within him, producing His own righteousness within him. So Christ says, “without me, ye can do nothing.” In actual fact, the victory of God in the controversy depends upon demonstrating that man can do absolutely nothing by himself, but that when Christ lives in him, he is perfectly righteous and able to do “all things.” The doctrine of Priebe and Larson which some of us seem to have accepted, is really an attempt to prove that God is wrong.
Think about what happened at the beginning. Lucifer said in heaven, “I will not have this man to rule over me. I will be god, I don't want him to rule over me,” and God said, “I will allow you to be god in your own little world.” So Satan came to this planet and tempted Adam and Eve to pluck a fruit, but do we think the fruit was the real issue? If the fruit was the issue, all Adam would have had to do is say, “I'm sorry,” and God would have made another fruit grow in its place. That was not the issue at all, the issue was that Adam had said to God, “I don't want you ruling my life, I want to be god here,” and the moment he became god in his life, all his actions were wrong, he was now making the choices, it was his will at work and even if a person does the good thing, as long as it is he who is making the choice, he is still wrong.
The only person fit to live and rule in this universe is God. But when you are making the choices, don't you know that you are still ruling? As long as you are making the choices, you are still god. The only time God rules, is when you give away your right to choose and let Him do all the choosing. You don't reserve the right to choose anymore, If we still make the choice whether to do this or that, then we are still kings of our lives. To become a Christian means I give up my right to choose, I give my will to Christ. That's when He truly can make me into a new creation. Then He works in me to will and to do of His good pleasure. The victorious life is not obtained by making the right choices, action by individual action. It is achieved by making the one decisive choice to give it all to Christ.
Only One Master
Jesus said, “no man can serve two masters.” He says, “if you try to serve two masters, you will love one and you will hate the other.” At one time I thought that the two masters were Christ and Satan, but I realize that I was wrong. The two masters are Christ and self. Satan does not rule on the inside. He tries to get us to adopt his principles and in that way, his principles become our principles, but he does not live on the inside, only two masters can live on the inside of a person, one of them is Christ, and the other one is you, the individual. We cannot have self and Christ ruling at the same time.
Well what about if I serve one today and one tomorrow, will that work? Did Jesus' statement cover that possibility? If you serve self today and Christ tomorrow, aren't you in reality serving two masters? And Jesus said it is not possible. When He says you must serve one master, He means that there is no other master on the horizon, one doesn't come in intermittently, one doesn't come in next week or the week after. One master, one person rules all the time.
No man can serve two masters and that illustration In Romans 7:1-6 of the woman and the two husbands, brings it out clearly, because one of the husbands is the self or the flesh, and the other husband is Christ. The woman is wanting to be married to Christ, but something is preventing her. What is it? It is the fact that she is married to the flesh. As long as she is married to the flesh, she cannot have Christ. As long as self is alive, a person cannot have Christ. This is the absolute teaching of the word of God, you must die before Christ can live. If the husband is sick, the wife does not have the right to marry another husband, and if he's gone on a long journey, she does not have the right to marry another husband. The only time she is free to marry is when he is dead.
As you have read these articles, it is my hope and prayer that you have given them careful thought and prayer. The proper understanding of these issues is the key to the life of victory in Christ. Sadly, the desire for human glory has set many off on the path of human endeavour and the gospel which they have embraced is really no better than the religions of paganism. The outward forms may be different, but in principle it is the same. It is the idea that salvation depends upon human effort.
May God help you my brothers and sisters that you may see that our entire salvation is provided by our Father, in His Son, and that realizing this, you may seek it in the only way in which it may be obtained: By letting go of humanity entirely, and trusting only in Christ.:
2 – Frsky Taranis X7s (Carbon Edition ) Radio :
Link here :
3 – (For new guys ) FrSky Taranis X7 (Black Edition ) Radio :
Link here :
4 – Frsky Taranis X9D Plus Radio :
Link here :
5 – Frsky HORUS X10 Radios :
Silver here :
Amber here :
Links to some of my hobby favorite radios, batteries, etc below :
Justin’s Favorites :
My Hobby Radio of choice :
Frsky HORUS X10s (Carbon Fiber Face plate ) Radio :
Link here :.Description
Gallery
Outdoors
Artisans
Furniture
207 Thoma Lane
Video Tour
Enjoy the Outdoor Living
Logging trails will take you to the lakeshore
Enjoy the serene outdoors! The property includes 1,845 s.f. of porches; entertainment room with french doors leading to the outdoor living area; outdoor kitchen; spa, two logging trails to access Normandy Lake; a year-round stream; fire pit; well; property has 25 wooded acres with an additional 250 acres of surrounding TVA property.
Two logging trail can be accessed from the back of the home to the lakeshore through TVA property. There is an easement-in-place to the lake. There are no docks allowed on Normandy Lake; however, there is a boat ramp very near the property and another option is to create a boat area down by the lake.
Normandy Reservoir (aka Normandy Lake). More about the Normandy Lake and Dam:
VIEW LINKOh my! Don’t let the exterior fool you. The food is excellent! We enjoyed the beef tenderloin and it was cooked to perfection.
1 - 10 of 341 reviews
Oh my! Don’t let the exterior fool you. The food is excellent! We enjoyed the beef tenderloin and it was cooked to perfection.
Food was great service was excellent! Beechwood Restaurant is consistently a great dining choice in Vicksburg.
I was working in the area and stopped to eat at Beechwood. My waitresses' name was Amanda and she did a fantastic job. The rib eye steak was cooked to perfection and the meal was outstanding.
We stumbled onto this place since other restaurants in the area are closed Sundays. From the outside, and judging by the parking lot, we were not sure if there would be room but the place is bigger than we expected and seating was not a...More
We loved the dim lighting and faded grandeur decor. Our waiter was very helpful. We had the Showstopper 24 oz steak, cheese topped baked potato and salad. We shared and it was plenty. The steaks truly are amazing, tender, seasoned with their special seasoning and...More
This restaurant has a good reputation from out of town visitors. It serves basically steak and seafood and has a bar and ballroom for dancing in the back..
Friday night & hubby wants steak. They were a little busy but the service was amazing. Very friendly & welcoming staff. Great food. & it's all decked out for Christmas & playing Christmas music. 🎄
We had one night in Vicksburg and we were looking for a good steak. Beechwood was nearby, and we wanted to try a local establishment, but when we drove up, we almost changed our minds... the moral of this story is: You can't judge a...More
Met by good greeters and was seated quickly, our waitress answered so many questions with a smile. We had a nicely prepared dinner and sang happy birthday for a few patrons. Very friendly atmosphere.
On this night we felt like a steak dinner and researched on TA for the best steak dinner. This one was just down the street from our motel. While entering, there was a meat counter and grill visible from the street. Pretty cool. The hostess...MoreA man arrested on suspicion of murdering a mother and her seven-month-old baby is being assessed by mental health experts.
The 28-year-old suspect had been deemed unfit to be interviewed by West Midlands Police about the deaths of the victims, named locally as Yvonne Walsh and her son Harry.
Ms Walsh, 25, and her son were found dead at a terraced house in Billesley, Birmingham, at about 10.30am yesterday after concern was raised for their welfare.
Police arrested the 28-year-old male around-mortem examinations are due to take place later today to determine the cause of the victims’ deaths.
Meanwhile, forensic inquiries are continuing at the house in Chells Grove, which remains subject to a police cordon. in due course.”
Neighbours have spoken of their shock at the murders.
One resident leaving Chells Grove today said police had initially informed local people that a serious incident had taken place in the street.
The neighbour, who declined to give her name, told reporters: “We saw her (Ms Ms Walsh and described news of the deaths as truly shocking.
“You just don’t envisage something happening like that,” she said. “She was a pretty quiet girl and I saw her last week holding the baby.
“It’s really, really shocking and all the neighbours are probably feeling the same.”Here are some of my favorite pink lemonade themed handmade and vintage Etsy items.
- Pink Lemonade Bunny Mary Jane Shoes - Size 7 by Em and Sprout
- Ingenue Bracelet by Leaves of Glass
- Lemonade Stand Button Pack - Yellow Orange Pink Buttons Mix - Sewing Scrapbook Embellishment by Little Red Cottage
- Pink Lemonade Bath CUPCAKE Bomb Fizz Fizzy by My Other Princess
- Pink Lemonade Crochet Dishcloth/Washcloth by HCKCrafts
- Pink Lemonade Dahlia - Signed Fine Art Print - 5x7 by Moonlit Herbals
- Cherry Lemonade Recycled Necklace by Kenjiku
- Raspberry Lemonade 4 oz. Vegan Shea Butter Soap by Two Rivers Soaps
love the colors!.. this post is making me super thirsty for lemonade! ;)nowload starangry | convert EXE to | live screensaver | wallpaper desktop wallpaper | n wallpaper | walt disney movies | wallpaper garden | nightmare before christmas | hot college girls | pokemon gold free | kenwood mx7 | convert SIT to | w6524sms v1.5 100402 | vmware player usb
Please be aware that Brothersoft do not supply any crack, patches, serial numbers or keygen for NIGHTMARE WALLPAPER,and please consult directly with program authors for any problem with NIGHTMARE WALLPAPER.
Advertisement
retro wallpaper | 3GP wallpaper | nightmare 3d | nightmare | nightmare ned | wallpaper viewer | wallpaper video | sbl to ppt converter | nightmare house 2 | wallpaper aquarium 3d live | aid powered by fluxbb | wallpaper abyss | logitech quickcam 8.2.0 | knights in the nightmare | vegeta wallpaper | wallpaper plus | opera mini version 10 | inspirational wallpaper | dvd to jpg ripper | mobile phone wallpaper eeyore | bookstore management database | mobile phone wallpaper eeyoreThis weekend we had some new neighbors that moved in beside us. Even though we have had a pretty busy couple of days, I kept thinking we needed to go introduce ourselves, and I knew I wanted to make something for them. Since I was short on time, I decided to take an idea from my mother in law and make some good ol chicken salad for them.
When we were moving into our house a couple of years ago, my MIL showed up with a loaf of bread and chicken salad, and it was simply perfect! It was so nice to have something to throw in the fridge that we could snack on or have for lunch while were in the unpacking/organizing process. Chicken salad also seems appropriate right now considering this super hot July we are having here in Tennessee.
I threw a pack of crackers in the bag and Voila, I’ve got an easy and thoughtful “welcome to the neighborhood” gift! This would also be a helpful gift for a new mom or someone recovering from a surgery or illness. Plus, you can double this recipe and have plenty leftover for your family as well, that’s a win-win in my book!
Be sure to scroll on down to the bottom of this post for these Quick Chicken Salad Melts!
Classic Pecan Chicken Salad
Ingredients
- 2 lbs chicken breasts
- 1 cup halved green grapes
- 1 1/2 cups sliced celery
- 3/4 cups roughly chopped pecans, toasted*
- 3/4 cups mayo (light, if desired)
- 2 tablespoons lemon juice
- 2 teaspoons dijon
- 2 teaspoons honey
- 1 teaspoon salt (or to taste)
- 1 teaspoon black pepper
Directions
- Fill a large pot half way full of water and bring to a boil. Place the chicken breasts into the boiling water. You may add seasonings such as garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper if desired to the water.
- Boil the chicken, covered, for 20-30 minutes depending on how big the breasts are. Remove from the water and allow the chicken to cool, and then shred it with your hands or using two forks.
- In a larger bowl, toss the chicken together with the grapes, celery, and pecans.
- In separate bowl whisk together the mayo, lemon juice, dijon, honey, salt, and pepper. Pour the dressing over the chicken mixture and stir until the salad is completely coated.
*To toast the pecans, place them in a dry skillet over medium heat for about 6-8 minutes until they begin to smell nutty.
Check out these Chicken Salad Melts we had last night for dinner with the remaining chicken salad. Place a few slices of bread on a sheet tray, scoop some chicken salad on each one, top each with a slice of cheese, and bake 10 minutes at 350 degrees, top with a fresh tomato, and dinner is served! view about kamagra? (Read more buy vardenafil). Betweentimes men need medications to resolve sexual heartiness problem. Having erectile dysfunction can certainly complicate dating. Some medicines may interact with this physic, including over-the-counter herbal products. Not all probable interactions are listed in standard curing guide. Don’t forget, the best way to avoid forged medications is to get recipe drugs like Kamagra from a reliable online service with which you are familiar.4th-of-July-fireworks-2 Wallpaper with 900x675 Resolution
This 4th-of-July-fireworks-2 desktop background wallpaper was added to wallarthd.com at . This high definition desktop background is a jpg image with 4:3 ratio. This wallpaper background has 992 Kb filesize and archived in Abstract Wallpaper, City Wallpaper, Cool Wallpaper, Event Wallpaper category. You can look for other high definition hd wallpapers desktop background by clicking a category archive in the sidebar, or search with the search form above.
4th-of-July-fireworks-2 is high definition wallpaper. You can make 4th-of-July-fireworks-2 For your Desktop Background, Tablet, and Smartphone device for free. Size this wallpaper is 900x675. To set 4th-of-July-fireworks-2 as wallpaper background on your desktop, click on the 'Download' button.
File Name : 4th-of-July-fireworks-2
Posted : admin
Category : Abstract Wallpaper, City Wallpaper, Cool Wallpaper, Event Wallpaper
Filesize : 326 Kb
Resolution : 900x675
Added on
Views : 121 Views times, Latest Views: 1 minute 8 seconds agoYour windows picked up a lot of dirt & grime over the winter. If you want to really get them clean, get rid of the glass cleaner, paper towels and newspapers. Use a small amount of dishwashing liquid in a bucket of warm, soapy water and a towel or sponge to wash the windows. Squeegee them dry, using a reverse S motion and wiping off the blade with a lint-free towel (such as a diaper) after each pass. Use a damp, wrung-dry chamois to wipe the edges and corners. If you have small glass panes, you can use a hacksaw to cut the squeegee down to size. Really stubborn spots can be removed by making a paste of household cleansers Zud or Barkeeper’s Friend, which contain oxalic acid and won’t scratch the glass. Just rub it on the spots with a damp towel and wipe off. Ideally, you should clean your windows every spring and fall, and let the sun shine in!It’s the “Baddest” End of the Year Party by The Complete Singles Club and Swaga Prince Entertainment.
The event will feature Speed Dating, Celebrity Hotseat, Comedy, Dance, Music and lots more.
Venue: The Berkeley Hotel, 9B, Isaac John Street, Ikeja-GRA, Lagos
Date: 17th December 2016
Time: Red Carpet starts at 3pm
Please click on or call 07081573601 for registration.
____________________________________________________________________________
Sponsored ContentMar 08 2016 Catching Fire13 comments I was at a wedding last weekend when these words arrested my heart: How are we going to keep the flame alive in marriage? Not an uncommon question to be introduced at a wedding, but there was something different about this one. The Lord’s hand was on it, hovering, breathing, inviting. Maybe it was the season that Alex and I had gone through. Maybe I was finally ready to hear the answer to that question without being clouded by idealistic fancy or bitter cynicism. Or maybe it was just simply God’s time. It could’ve been all of the above, but simply put, it was uncomfortably impossible to ignore. It brought me to a halt. I could not brush it out of the way. So I asked Him: How do we keep the flame burning in marriage? And really, I meant that question for any relationship/mission we might be called to. Holy Spirit, the wisest + wittiest person I know, swiftly came back with this rejoinder: By catching fire. I’d like to say right off the bat that this is one of those messages where the messenger is probably learning right alongside the hearer as she delivers the communiqué. I’m still learning what it means to set my soul on fire + kindle that flame. And seriously? It’s not just in marriage, but pretty much every other area of life. For some, it’s about relationships. For others, it could be about abiding in a season of singlehood, or sticking it out in a marathon, or hope for a hopeless situation. Wherever we are, I pray for the Teacher’s wisdom to show us how to apply this so we get to live fully alive in every area of life. HEARTS THAT BURN. This is talked about too much + not enough all at once. Revival. On fire. Awakening. These are some of the many words thrown around in our hipster generation, and these words reflect the nature of their era — they look good, sound cool, but are adopted by people who might not fully understand what it means. In the deluge of words, my heart breaks when sometimes the truth of those words get lost in translation and people get shortchanged because they never knew there was a deeper richness available to all who would seek it. So can we get one thing out in the open? Fire hurts. Fire cleanses, purifies, sustains life. It brings gold out of the rock. But the process hurts sometimes. You don’t play with fire because fire consumes, overtakes, dominates. You don’t take it lightly or use it flippantly because, while it is a handy servant, it is a demanding master. We ask God for hearts on fire for Him, and then we tend to wonder why everything starts to go wrong in our lives. Good things come to those who seek Him, right? We forget that in order for God to make our hearts wholly His, everything else that’s taken up residence in there has to go. He is the Consuming Fire that burns up all the dross. And we don’t like that. We resist. We want the fire on our terms, at our whim + fancy. We forget that He is not our lackey but our Lord. And I feel like if we talked more about the Fire, we’d have more people living fully alive in the church. !” 1 Kings 18: 38 & 39 Here’s what happens for those who do let His fire in. They become burning effigies of Jesus Christ. Monuments, representatives, lighted beacons that show the world Jesus. And that fire, His consuming fire, will overtake. It eats up the small fires or greed, selfishness, complacency, religiosity… and establishes His raging inferno in their place. That’s when we truly begin to live. Combustion happens. And it is no longer us endeavoring to keep the flame (in marriage, in our jobs, in ministry) alive, but His fire that eternally lights the blaze. So we catch fire this way: We lay ourselves on the altar. And we let His fire set us ablaze. We don’t need to holler + yell like to prophets of Baal did. God doesn’t need to be convinced, nor is He deaf. A laid-down sacrifice will always attract His fire. And that child of God that’s caught on fire? Well, watch out. She’s gonna change her world. So maybe let this be the start of some conversations we need to have. What are some areas in your life that maybe need to come fully alive? Are we holding back any parts because we’re afraid of what His fire would do? Do we need to readjust the lenses through which we view + trust Him? Can we choose to surrender those areas of our hearts today? Share it:EmailPrint Related Jesus Disappointed People Previous Post Stop Following The Godly Woman Next Post 13 comments MercyMarch 8, 2016 - 7:52 pm This was so good!! Used it for my quiet time today.ReplyCancel SimiMarch 8, 2016 - 8:42 pm This is such a powerful message – we often forget that fire burns and consumes. We want to become gold without going through the testing and letting his fire truly burn away everything that is not of him. That’s for the reminder and call to change the perception of that phase.ReplyCancel Valerie RobinsonMarch 8, 2016 - 11:22 pm Amen- this post was so inspiring and deep. Must keep Christ centered in our hearts and minds.ReplyCancel Jennifer WilsonMarch 9, 2016 - 12:13 am Great post. I love the part about we don’t have to holler to get God’s attention. I remember one time I visited my grandmother’s church when I was pretty young and I came home and asked my mom if they thought God was deaf because of how they screamed their prayers. More often than not my prayers consist of a small silent acknowledgement of thanks, of the problem and that I need God’s intervention. Part of that is what pray without ceasing means to me.ReplyCancel Susan Mary MaloneMarch 9, 2016 - 1:06 am Ah, isn’t that just the truth, Samantha–from the ashes of the fire rises the phoenix. God burns away what is no longer useful, and sustains us with the nutrients we need to soar again.ReplyCancel andreaMarch 9, 2016 - 7:06 am i’ve been praying for that fire..ReplyCancel MirandaMarch 9, 2016 - 8:12 am Great post! You always do hear about being on fire for God and having a fiery revival, but I don’t think people realize that with the fire does come some pain and burning. I know I hadn’t looked at it that way before. Thanks so much for this post and pointing that out!ReplyCancel LeslieMarch 9, 2016 - 8:39 am I love this. I was at a wedding over the weekend too. They wrote their own vowels but there was a prayer at the end.ReplyCancel Jennifer DeFrates/Heaven Not HarvardMarch 9, 2016 - 1:28 pm God has been burning up all the things He doesn’t want in my life. This section was so meaningful for me. Staying on fire for my husband has meant turning off the distractions when he is home, and limiting those drains on my time overall. Just part of the equation that God is tweaking in my life! and I can see how it help my passion for Him burn brighter.ReplyCancel Melissa BernardoMarch 9, 2016 - 8:56 pm Love this post! I really enjoyed reading this 🙂ReplyCancel SheilaMarch 10, 2016 - 12:57 am I think one of the most important things we need to do keep the flame burning is to be intentional. In order to keep a fire from going out you have to purposely add propellant such as wood, gasoline and with marriage you need to keep adding love, patience, mercy, grace and like you said the Holy Spirit which is the everlasting fire. When we keep our focus on the fire it doesn’t go out it is when we look away and allow ourselves to become distracted by the world by looking away…the fire begins to fade and eventually snuffs out the fire….Passion is such a beautiful gift God gives to us!ReplyCancel ShannonMarch 10, 2016 - 8:37 am This was a great post and so very thought provoking and deep! xoShannonReplyCancel Lori @ Frog's LilypadMarch 10, 2016 - 11:12 am Very, very good. I love this! Thank you for sharing.ReplyCancel Your email is never published or shared. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email.- Programmers/debuggers
- Development boards
- Prototype boards
- FTDI modules
- Sensors
- Signal generators
- PC modding
- RS232 (COM port) to UART modules
VMusic1: add USB Flash Drive interface and Audio Playback to products
The VMusic1 is ideal for adding MP3 playbackfrom USB drive capabillity to home entertainment and in-car audio systems, as well as other appliances requiring audio playback capabillity from USB Flash disks. Not only is the VDrive1 ideal for evaluation and development of VNC1L designs, but also its neat enclosure and attractive quantity discount structure makes this module suitable for incorporation into finished product designs.
Key VMUSIC1 features include :
- Uses FTDI’s VNC1L-1A embedded USB host controller I.C. device combined with VLSI VS1003 I.C. for music playback.
- USB ‘A’ type socket to connect USB Flash disk.
- Stereo 3.5mm headphone jack socket for audio playback
- Audio line-out connector for audio playback
- Only four signals to connect, excluding power and ground.
- Jumper selectable UART or SPI interfaces.
- Single 5V supply input.
- Traffic indicator LED
- Uses extended Vinculum VDAP command set
- Program or update firmware via USB Flash disk
Documentation:
What included:
- VMUSIK1 module, assembled and tested
Write a review
Your Name:
Your Review: Note: HTML is not translated!
Rating: Bad Good
Enter the code in the box below:The Cleveland Orchestra presents fully staged performances of Così fan tutte at Severance Hall March 2, 4, 6 and 8
Music Director Franz Welser-Möst to conduct Zurich Opera production of Mozart’s comic opera
The Cleveland Orchestra brings Mozart’s comic opera Così fan tutte to Severance Hall for four performances of a fully staged production from the Zurich Opera March 2, 4, 6 and 8 at 7:00 p.m. Music Director Franz Welser-Möst conducts the production, which he previously led in Zurich . A collaboration with stage director Sven-Eric Bechtolf, set designer Rolf Glittenberg, and costume designer Marianne Glittenberg, Così fan tutte features an international cast of soloists with members of the Cleveland Orchestra Opera Chorus, prepared by Robert Porco, appearing as soldiers, servants, and sailors.
The singers for the Cleveland performances are Malin Hartelius, soprano (Fiordiligi); Anna Bonitatibus, soprano (Dorabella); Martina Janková, soprano (Despina); Javier Camarena, tenor (Ferrando); and Ruben Drole, baritone (Guglielmo), all of whom appeared in the Zurich production. They will be joined at Severance Hall by bass-baritone Antonio Abete (Don Alfonso).
When Franz Welser-Möst led the Zurich production, Marinella Polli wrote in Corriere del Ticino: “It was a great musical evening above all because of the magic baton of Franz Welser-Möst, who offered a powerful reading of this tragicomedy in two acts, offering at the same time a powerful reading of Mozart’s genius as well.”Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Walter H. Cottingham
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions.
Marcus Aurelius
Big results require big ambitions.
Ambition is so precious that there is absolutely no amount of money that could afford it. It comes from within yourself and flows throughout your body. Just as the blood gives life to the body, ambition is fuel to a dream.
Ambition is being able to make ends meet, perhaps more. It’s being able to pay the dream home , maybe sit in a R8. It’s paying our parents medical bills and expenses when they can’t. It’s being committed to do whatever it takes to never live paycheck to paycheck.
What is the meaning of ambition to you?
Free Shipping on all our orders!Hi, my name is Jim, I Live in Park Slope, and I Own a Car
Three years ago, when my wife and I began dating, she would slog her brother’s pickup from Red Hook, where she lived, to Park Slope, where I lived, because her 100 pound Shepherd/Rotti mix was not permitted on the B61. Then, only two months into the relationship, long before I ever said, “I love you,” and while she was still a relatively poor law student, she bought the 1994 Honda Civic that we still have today. The car cost $2500. How she knew that I, at that stage of our relationship, a 43 year old confirmed bachelor, warranted such expenditure, is a testament to just how fantastic she is, how fortunate I am, and a post for another day. For today, the point is I own a car and I live in Park Slope.
(For those who don’t know, let me premise the following by saying that Park Slope and cars — or more specifically Park Slope and parking — go together as well as Rosie and The Donald. The neighborhood is nicknamed No-Park Slope. Google, Parking “Park Slope” and you’ll get no less than 284,000 hits.)
I use the car almost exclusively for work these days. My job entails a lot of driving and a lot of parking: metered parking, alternate side of the street parking, running into the office to get a set of apartment keys double parking, waiting in front of a fire hydrant to pick up the photographer parking, not knowing you left the car in front of a church or private school parking, coming back to your spot, finding your car missing, thinking it was stolen and finding out it was f$%#ing towed parking, amongst other categories of parking. Since the acquisition of the Honda, I have contributed inordinately to the city’s coffers – over $3,000 inordinately that is. And it is this fact that uniquely qualifies me to present you with the following revelations:
(Sadly, as I scribe this using Cafe Sutra‘s free WiFi, I have to run out to feed the meter…I’m back)
Parking Mantra: Be pessimistic.
Stop believing that life is fair, stop wishing things will work out, and stop hoping that maybe this time you won’t get a parking ticket. Face it – the city is on their game (I’m not happy about it, just stating the facts). Park illegally, give them the opportunity, and they will write you a ticket. My advice: prepare for the worst and have a plan. Read on.
The Tao of Parking: Take your time.
Relax, slow down and park the way God intended us to … legally. Give yourself a little extra time and you’ll be able to avoid parking where the city says you can’t. To demonstrate my point, the statisticians at From The Stoop, have carefully recorded empirical data over the last three years and have calculated the following:
- You have a 31% chance of getting a ticket within 10 minutes of an expired meter.
- The odds go up significantly after the 10 minute mark.
- You will receive a ticket more often for not moving your car during alternate side of the street parking then any other violation. (Think of it this way, if the DOT hired you to catch fish (i.e. parking violators), and you knew that in a specific cove (i.e. block), of a specific lake (i.e. neighborhood), at 11:01 AM every Tuesday, you could catch no less than 11 lunkers, wouldn’t you fish there every Tuesday at 11:01 AM and take the rest of the day off?)
- 23% of people will actually claim to observe the ticket being written and placed on their windshield.
- 43% of the 23% mentioned above will claim to have told off the ticket writer.
Point is, relax, drive safely, drive slowly, and park legally.
Parking tip #1: Save your quarters.
‘Nough said.
Parking tip #2: Employ the Double Time rule.
Sub-tip 1: Fill the meter for twice the amount of time you expect to be there. It’s a lot cheaper then the ticket. (25 cents per one-half hour as of this writing.)
Sub-tip 2: Always double the estimated time it takes to get to your car. Car parked 5 minutes away? Give yourself 10.
Parking Commandment: Thou Shalt Not Forget…
Again, from empirically gathered data, I know that the number one cause of expired meter and alternate side of the street parking tickets is a lost track of time. Solution: set an alarm. If you’re high-tech, set a reminder in your Palm or Blackberry. Want to go low-tech,? Get an egg timer. And, just as importantly, don’t wait to set it or put it off because…you’ll forget! Don’t make, or return, or answer a phone call. Don’t run into the office to get out of the rain. Don’t reach into your ashtray for a quarter. Don’t do any of these things before you set the alarm – because if you do, (remember empirical data) you won’t set it. Always set the alarm first and then do the other things.
There’s more I could write (including how to fight your tickets online), but this is already a long post. Please forward your own parking tips my way. I still need all the help I can get. Thanks for reading, Jim.
Jim,
3000 dollars? Amazing post. Take it from someone who has never lived anywhere where there wasn’t decent, if not good parking, this is a scary tale for the rest of America. A tale that works for you Brooklynites as it will scare any outsiders from atttempting to drive in. Your insight and your humor is amazing…keep writing buddy.
Can you talk a little about the loan part of things. Is a bank better than a mortgage broker. Thanxx so much.
Theresa
Hi Theresa, It’s my belief that you are always better off with a mortgage broker. They have relationships with lots of banks and should be able to find you the best overall loan terms for your specific circumstances. Additionally, banks typically demand a lot from a propspective borrower by way of paper work and information, and recent events have created even more requirements. A good mortgage broker will help you navigate through all of it.
My recommendation would be to meet with several mortgage brokers and pick the one you find the most knowledgeable and the most helpful.
Thanks for your comments and keep them coming.
Jim
I live on 7th ave @ 9th St., and I’ve got to say — the parking situation is so much *better* than I could have imagined. I’ve been commuting to work (HS teacher) daily, and I can find a spot within 2 or 3 blocks almost every day; and never much farther away than that. I’m sure it’s different if you’re moving your car constantly throughout the day showing apts., but if you just need to park once a day, I don’t think it’s so bad.
[Brooklyn Heights, on the other hand — how many “no standing” zones can one block have!?]
I would add one bit to your “Be Pessimistic” tip: always assume you’re going to have to walk three blocks from your parking space to your destination. In addition to planning for that extra couple of minutes, it’s a nice feeling whenever you find a closer spot!I like to make a breakfast cereal out of them. I'm not sure about the measurments exactly, but I think it's one cup wheat berries and two cups of liquid (I use one cup water and one cup juice for breakfast). Boil the liquid and add the wheatberries, reduce the heat to low and simmer for about 45 minutes. They're still a little chewy that way, but I like them chewy. Elizabeth On Tue, 23 Jun 1998, loriron wrote: > Could anyone tell me how you prepare wheatberries and what you use them > for? Thanks in advance. > ------------------------------NSC and ACTH - Double Trouble for Horses in the Fall
By Juliet M. Getty, PhD.
Insulin rise = Laminitis
Simple October (in the northern hemisphere). This seasonal rise can negatively impact the already insulin-resistant horse by further increasing inflammatory insulin, potentially leading to a laminitis attack.
NSC or ESC plus to 11 percent on a dry matter basis. percent on a dry matter basis –:
Safety guidelines:
- When the nighttime temperature remains below 41 degrees F (5 degrees C) for two to three weeks, cool season grasses are high in NSC, even in the daytime. Wait until the bases of the stems are no longer green. If they remain green throughout the winter, consider testing your pasture. Please see article, Testing Your Pasture for Peace of Mind:
- Warm season grasses go dormant and do not accumulate NSC once cool weather sets in.
- If the nighttime temperature remains above 41 degrees F (5.
Hay analysis tips: I prefer to look at the as-sampled column since this is what the horse is actually eating. ESC + Starch should be less than 10 percent on an as-sample basis, but for the typical hay with 93 percent dry matter, this equates to 11 percent ESC + Starch on a dry matter basis. NSC should be less than 12 percent on an as-sampled basis, equating to 13 percent NSC on a dry matter basis. For pasture, it is best to either look at the dry matter column, or multiply it by 93 percent to make it comparable to hay with 93 percent dry matter.
The above table was.
Main Photo: ©shutterstock/Makarova ViktoriaSide Braid Hairstyles to Try in 2017
Ponytail with a Side Braid
Enhance your simple look with an exquisite side braid that will provide with an unexpected intricate look. You can customize your side braided ponytail to any occasion. However, you still have a chance to choose between high, medium and low ponytail. Indeed, the type of pony will dramatically change your entire look. Here is one of the best examples that is worth trying.
Boho Inspired Scattered Side Braid
Here is a “must love” chic braided hairstyle for all boho ladies out there. The trick of achieving this side braid is wrapped in ponytails. You should create several ponytails and wrap them into each other and create an illusion of a thick side braid. This braid works best on ladies with longer hair. As soon as you figure out the technique, you can achieve it within minutes.
Twisted Wrap Side Ponytail
This is one of those styles that seem more complicated than in real they are. Create a simple braided side pony and by taking some hair out of the pony wrap them around the braid. Repeat the process till you will reach to your desired length. The result is a lovely knotted effect. It is an excellent headdress for summer days, when you want to keep your locks out of your face in a stylish way.
Stone Bathroom Design Ideas is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for ideas about you search. The exactly aspect of Stone Bathroom Design Ideas was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Stone Bathroom Design Ideas by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Stone Bathroom Design Ideas just motivate another button or earlier button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Stone Stone Bathroom Design Ideas on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.auto glass repair in Cerritos
Cerritos Windshield Repair
13525 La Jara St.
Cerritos, CA 90703
562 450-0323
An additional factor that would help you decide over a Licensed windshield correcting business should be to inquire about just what kind of ensure they offer on each the glass and The work.
The data above continues to be attained from sources considered reliable.When we do not question its precision we have not confirmed it and make no warranty,warranty or representation over it.
1 Verify-in I love living in Cerritos With all the considerably place residing but near proximity to anything that's entertaining in LA. I thought I might skip operate the opposite working day Once i woke up to notice that a crack in my windshield of my automobile had unfold drastically.
*Auto glass replacement present has no cash worth and can't exceed deductible. Void wherever prohibited by law. Not legitimate with any other presents. Does not implement to Unique get components.
We will also give you a temporary profile of each auto glass substitution business. Go with a quote dependant on price or business description - or equally.
Woman Lake Windshield Repair Lady Lake, FL 32162. (352) 261-0373 ABC Auto Glass features cellular service, to your own home or Workplace at no excess cost. Connect with now and we will provide you with a no cost quotation. ABC Auto Glass does full windshield repair and Windshield Repair in Girl Lake, FL. What must be expected When you've got got to vary your windshield. In the event you've never experienced Auto Glass Repair completed on your automobile you might not determine what needs to be anticipated from the procedure. Underneath is a quick summary of your methods you may assume Whenever your windshield is replaced. The glass engineer will start off by checking its inside and exterior. This is the regimen inspection to be specified every thing is cleanse and so as. Upcoming the floors, seats, and the outside of your automobile will probably be included to help keep them from finding extra adhesive on them or even worse however scratched.
If we won't repair your windshield, we'll show you suitable up front. If we could repair it, We are going to. That preserves the security seal around the glass.
To determine if your very best possibility is windshield repair or alternative, Glass Health care provider considers a handful of variables.
If the vehicle has lately encountered windshield hurt, you could be thinking whether or not repair or substitute is essential. While Glass Medical doctor® can repair most chipped windshields, cracks commonly for a longer period than three inches show a direct have to have for windshield replacement to be able to safeguard the structural integrity of your vehicle and the safety of its occupants.
Right here at Very clear Auto Glass Now we have the bottom auto glass price ranges in city, demand a no cost quotation now. You're going to be satisfied you did.
one Check out-in My car got broken into as well as the thieves broke my rear driver side passenger window. I required to get it replaced asap, as aquiring a huge open up window all day is def not something you would like in Los Angeles. Luckily for us I discovered Cheap Price tag Auto Glass. I very first referred to as them for just a estimate, plus they ended up super duper affordable, significantly less then what I assumed it was likely to be.
I quoted me the lowest value Assess to other stores. He advised me to Permit him know Once i appear and He'll go get my glass considering that he doesn't have it in stock. An hour or so later on, I came and he mentioned to provide him an hour or so and fifty percent to fix it. The shop started to flood which has a lot more cars and trucks should be fix. Omar complete my car or truck in one hour. His do the job is astounding and the best of all, he did it with a big smile. more info I'd suggest this place to my friends and family.
Excellent assistance, not high priced at all! Someone broke into my auto yesterday early morning and right away this location mounted within an hr!
Resulting from a vandalism, a family member's vehicle had It can be rear passenger window smashed out though parked overnight. Waking as much as that could place a damper website over the day. I live in Wisconsin as well as the auto is in Murray. Immediately after on the lookout on-line I stumbled on Auto Glass Now's Web page and built click here a call for my member of the family who needed to acquire alternate transportation for their task that early morning. I spoke with Maryanne (Business Supervisor) who understood. She verified that they experienced the appropriate window in inventory and It is really price tag. They failed to charge extra for that "house simply call".When closer to the national sales of Opel / Vauxhall, certain countries are more than others. So in the final in this short series, let’s see how the national shopping was varied.
First Germany is the largest market in Europe and where Opel is based. That has not been for sale in this decade. It was comfortably behind Europe’s second largest, the British. France may be the third nation in size, but ran fifth since 2011, when it was a place higher. Ironically Opel / Vauxhall will come under France’s PSA control, so it will be interesting to see if that makes a difference. The Spanish automotive industry is benefiting from Opel / Vauxhall to explain the strong support it receives there.
The other (6th-10th) consequences generally the respective markets, with the exception of Denmark over its weight. Russia was abandoned by Opel, therefore the crash there. Of those who are not included, Sweden is a notable omission.
12 13 14 15 16
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 1 1 1 1 1 UK 258.852 289.279 301.931 311.642 288.865 2 2 2 2 2 Germany
Add to Wish List Add to Cart
224.468 217.686 231.147 242.677 258.598 3 4 3 3 3 Italy 82.806 74.709 80.643 94.424 102.034 6 6 4 4 4 Spain 52.698 57.417 70.488 81.976 96.525 5 5 5 5 5 France 78.923 65.024 66.791 70.952 75.273 7 7 7 6 6 Turkey 49.825 55.993 39.255 47,000 55.471 8 8 8 7 7 Belg / Lux 41.666 39,126 37,333 39.763 45.413 9 9 10 9 8 Nederland 41.338 28,391 27.820 31,368 38.775 – – 9 8 9 Poland – 28,052 31.914 37.501 10 10 – 10 10 This item is not for sale This item is not in stock and must be reordered. 21,323 21.752 – 23.977 24.864 4 3 6 – – Russia 81,242 81.421 64.985 – –
Data source: GM Europe.FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT: media@aclu.org
Civil Rights Groups File Federal Class Action Lawsuit Against State of Hawaii
HONOLULU - Calling the state of Hawaii's treatment of homeless children a travesty, the American Civil Liberties Union joined other civil rights groups and attorneys in filing a class action lawsuit today challenging the state's failure to provide homeless children with equal access to public education. The lawsuit - filed on behalf of three homeless parents and their children - charges state officials with ignoring their legal obligations to provide homeless children with equal access to a free and appropriate public education in violation of the McKinney-Vento Act ("the Act"). The lawsuit also charges state officials with violating constitutional requirements to provide equal access to public education without regard to the status of homelessness.
"The State's complete disregard of its duty to assist this extremely vulnerable population is indefensible," said Lois Perrin, ACLU of Hawaii Legal Director. The ACLU of Hawaii, Lawyers for Equal Justice ("LEJ") and the law firm Alston Hunt Floyd & Ing filed the lawsuit in federal district court seeking a court order requiring the state to fulfill its legal obligations and protect the educational rights of homeless students and their parents. The three homeless parents and their children seek to represent all homeless students and their parents in Hawaii.
Homeless parents and children face innumerable barriers when they try to access education in the Hawaii public school system. Alice Greenwood, one of eight plaintiffs named in the suit and a homeless parent with physical disabilities whose 6-year-old child missed 33 days of school last year because state officials failed to provide transportation pled with school officials for help - only to be threatened or ignored. Tragically, these examples are typical of the problems reported by homeless parents and children throughout the state.
The McKinney-Vento Act was enacted in 1987 to break down these barriers and ensure that children in homeless situations can enroll in, attend and succeed in school and preschool programs. Although the state receives hundreds of thousands of dollars every year in federal grant money specifically earmarked to implement the Act and assist homeless families, the lawsuit charges that the state has failed completely to uphold its duties under the Act and to provide homeless children with equal access to a free and appropriate public education.
"It is absolutely shocking that the state has failed to assist these children despite having been on formal notice of its noncompliance since 2006," said Perrin.
William Durham, LEJ attorney, said, "For homeless children and their parents, education is the way out of a deplorable situation - yet the state has erected barriers for them at every turn in violation of federal law and the Constitution. By bringing this lawsuit, we are fighting for homeless children to get the education they need and deserve." Chiyome Fukino, Department of Health Director.
A copy of the complaint can be found online at:Canna-Balm™ Salve
4 oz. glass jar
$30.00
Includes shipping
Ingredients - 100% Organic
• Top grade organically sun-grown CBD/THC
Balanced Cannabis buds and bud shake
• Coconut Oil
•
Bee's Wax
•
Rosemary Essential Oil
Hand-made in small batches and used by massage therapists, chiropractors, doctors, and their patients.
Directions:
Apply ¼ to 1 teaspoon to painful areas and rub in, as often as needed. Often 2 applications within 5 minutes will bring dramatic relief.
Why Cannabis?
Cannabis has been used medicinally, internally and topically,
for thousands of years, without any harmful effects.
Starr Botanical Canna-Balm™ has proven to be remarkably effective in relieving minor to moderate muscular/skeletal and nerve pain. It reduces pain and inflammation of arthritis, strains, sprains, fractures, sports injuries, chronic neuropathies, stiff necks and tension headaches.
Patients report improved sleep patterns when the salve is applied at bedtime. Applying Canna-Balm to stings reduces swelling, itching and pain. Some have reported good results when used on rashes.The salve is meant for external use, with no psychoactive effects. The odor disappears within 5 minutes of use. Coconut and hempseed oil is quickly and deeply absorbed by the skin. Rosemary oil assists with relieving pain and inflammation, as well.NEW.
The Pelicans (14-14) likely will be without Davis again Wednesday night when they host the Milwaukee Bucks (15-10).
The big man is nursing a left adductor (groin) strain he aggravated in a 131-124 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday night. Davis was listed as questionable Tuesday by the Pelicans, who probably will be careful rushing him back after he experienced the setback against the Sixers.
Davis' absence could be a major problem against the Bucks, who come to town with one of the NBA's shooting stars in Giannis Antetokounmpo. The "Greek Freak" ranks second in the NBA in scoring (29.8 points per game) on 54.6 percent shooting and averages 10.4 rebounds.
The 6-foot-11 Antetokounmpo leads the Bucks in virtually every statistical category, including assists (4.5), steals (1.71) and blocks (1.63). The Bucks have won three consecutive games and also have the benefit of a three-day rest, last playing Saturday night when they rolled past the Utah Jazz 117-100.
With guards Jrue Holiday and E'Twaun Moore finding their shooting range, the Pelicans have turned into a formidable offensive team, but they have played nonchalantly at home en route to a 7-7 record in New Orleans.
Holiday finished with a season-high 37 points and Moore had a career-high 36 against the Rockets, combining to shoot 31 of 41 from the floor and 10 of 15 from long range as the Pelicans set a franchise record with 18 made 3-pointers.
"We've just been clicking," Holiday said.
Moore added, "We have a lot of guys that can do a lot of things with talent. When we get things together on the defensive end, we're going to be hard to beat. Things got a little tough for us in the fourth quarter (Houston outscored the Pelicans 34-20), and the game got real fast. We need to keep working and hopefully we can pull off those games down the line."
Moore leads the NBA in long-range shooting in December, making 25 of 37 3-point attempts in the past seven games.
The Pelicans also rank No. 2 in the league in December (behind the Rockets) with a 114.7 offensive rating per 100 possessions. With Davis mostly out of the lineup in December, missing four of the last six games, Holiday has responded by picking up the scoring slack, averaging 24.3 points in his past 10 games.
However, New Orleans has struggled mightily to stop teams. The Rockets, of course, can score on anyone, but they shot 54.5 percent overall and made 17 3-pointers Monday. In the past nine games, the Pelicans have allowed no fewer than 114 points. Those defensive numbers represent a freefall from last year when New Orleans was a top-10 defensive team.
The Pelicans got some other bad news when swingman Tony Allen, a defensive standout, sustained a broken left fibula against Philadelphia. He will miss will miss at least the next three weeks.
The Bucks are feeling good about their chances after resting the past three days.
"I think we have a unique opportunity here as a team," Antetokounmpo said. "We're doing well right now, and we've got to keep it up. We know that things are going well, we're feeling ourselves right now, playing great as a team, but we've got to keep playing hard."The Elegance of Slipcovers For Dining Room Chairs Madelyn ShelbyNovember 18, 2016Dining Room No comment 0 It’s a week to supper with dear companions, a lot of time to have great arrangements. However you can’t quit pondering how to make your lounge area look perfect and pleasant. The lounge Read More..Insulation Contracting Services Ltd. (ICS) recognises the importance of environmental protection and are committed to operating our business responsibly and in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements relating to the provision of our Asbestos Removal Services.
It is our declared policy to operate with and to maintain good relations with all regulatory bodies.
Our aim is to carry out all measures reasonably practicable to meet, exceed or develop all necessary or desirable requirements and to strive to continually improve environmental performance through the following:-
- Review our environmental aspects and impact annually as a minimum.
- Train all employees in environmental issues at induction and as necessary thereafter
- Minimise the production or waste
- Minimise material wastage
- Minimise energy usage
- promote the use of recycling, recyclable and renewable materials
- Reduce and/or limit the production of pollutants to water, land and air
- Control noise emissions from operations
- Minimise the risk to the general public and employee from operation and activities undertaken by ICS.Gutter & Roof Repair
Our Services
- Skilled Gutter Cleaning Professionals 98577
- Prevent Roof and Ceiling Leaks
- Annual Gutter Downspout Inspection and Cleaning 98577
- Scheduled Gutter and Downspout Maintenance
- Gutter and Roof Guard Products
- Top Quality Gutter Materials
- Leaf Protection Systems
- Round Seamless Gutters
- Unclog Downspouts
- Professional Gutter Maintenance Crew 98577
- Install Seamless Gutters 98577
- Nose Forward Solid Gutter Guards
- Leaf Protection Systems
- Non-Seamless Gutters
- Icicle Build Up Prevention
- Ditch and Drain Tile Installation
- Unclog Blocked Gutter Systems
- High Pressure Water Cleaning System
- Fully Licensed and Insured Gutter Company 98577
SpotlessGutters.net
At Spotlessgutters.net you'll find the best gutter & downspout cleaning and installation service companies near Pacific County, WA 98577. View our list of rep retable Pacific County companies. Then simply call or fill out the online form. Your project request will be matched with a Pacific Pacific County gutter cleaning company!
Call Today: (866) 460-4047
Pacific County Company Listings
Pacific County, Washington - nearby citiesA comprehensive walk in the whole complex (exteriors, interiors) where princes, kings, emperors of the kingdom of Bohemia resided in the past and currently the Czech president works. Known as one of the biggest castle complexes in the world with a great view of the whole city and beautiful gardens in the summer.
Public transportation and walking on flat surfaces..
1 800 CZK (70 EUR*)- Par fatburnersspillss dans Accueil le 17 Mars 2017 à 17:15
he next time you go out for cheeseburgers and fries or pepperoni pizza, you might need to consider washing it down with a glass of grapefruit juice.
Another study from UC Berkeley specialists found that mice who drank their fill of sweetened grapefruit juice put on less weight on a high-fat eating routine than their partners who drank sweetened water. The juice-drinking mice additionally would do well to measures of metabolic wellbeing, natural fat burners including glucose levels and insulin affectability.
Grapefruit juice did not influence weight pick up or misfortune for mice who were eating a low-fat eating regimen, the analysts found. Be that as it may, it made their bodies more touchy to insulin.
The consequences of the study were distributed Wednesday by the diary PLOS ONE.
The discoveries accompany a few provisos. First off, the study was paid for by the California Grapefruit Growers Cooperative. In any case, the Berkeley scientists, from the college's Department of Nutritional Sciences and Toxicology, demanded that they went into the study with a lot of doubt about the dietary force of grapefruits.
"I was astonished by the discoveries," Andreas Stahl, the study's senior creator, said in an announcement from the college. "We even re-checked the adjustment of our glucose sensors, and we got the same results again and again."
Likewise, the study was little, with every mix of eating routine, fluid and different supplements tried in gatherings of only six mice.
Furthermore, obviously, what happens in mice won't really happen in individuals.
Still, the outcomes may clarify why grapefruits are every now and again highlighted in craze diets.
Mice couldn't care less for the astringent taste of grapefruit juice, which originates from a flavonoid called naringin. In past investigations of mice that thinned down when given grapefruit squeeze rather than water, their weight reduction could have been because of the way that the intensity made them lose their cravings.
votre commentaire
Suivre le flux RSS des articles
Suivre le flux RSS des commentairesIntroduction
Latest news
Publications
Ethical Guidelines
BELGRADE, 9:
Español FrançaisOne of the best ways to convince a prospective buyer to go ahead and take the leap is a demonstration of the product that proves it is what you say it is.
Still photography
This is much easier than you might suspect. For this sale, I enlisted my grandson to set up the train
As you see, this is a very basic video. If you are handy with video editing software, you could edit out any rough spots, add music, and read a script explaining the features of the item and any short-comings. Next time, I will plan better. This time, I sent it up raw.
Once the video is done, upload it to your Photobucket album. Next, copy the "embed video" link go to your eBay listing, get into the description box, click the HTML tab and paste the embed code into the description field .
That's all there is to it. Try it, you will be surprised how easy it is, and how much it helps sell your items.Antrel Rocelious Rolle
Position: DB
6-0, 202lb (183cm, 91kg)
Born: December 16, 1982 in Homestead, FL
College: Miami (FL) (College Stats)
Weighted Career AV (100-95-...): 54 (1258th overall since 1960)
High School: South Dade (FL)
Draft: Arizona Cardinals in the 1st round (8th overall) of the 2005 NFL Draft.
Pronunciation: \an-TRELL ROLL\
Twitter: @antrelrolle26
Relatives: Cousins Chad Johnson, Keyshawn Johnson, Brian Rolle, Myron Rolle, Samari Rolle
More Rolle Pages
Gamelogs
Splits
Fantasy
Passing Plays
Receiving Plays
Rushing PlaysIndex Of /boobss Jpg When You Hold A Guitar Pick, What Do You Do With The Index Finger?
When you hold a guitar pick, what do you do with the index finger? - index of /boobss jpg
I mean, I have the choice between the side of the index finger and the tip of the thumb. My index finger naturally wants the entire route. When I stretch, when he touches the strings, because the last link of the index exceeds the length of the stop selection. So, I curl the index by hand. It takes a great effort to get the index touched. He holds himself up as if to play me. They did not stay long if I kept trying to curl? Or will it always be so? I'm still not sure that holding the most effective way to lead. I do not have to limit many different grips and just want to use only under control, to my progress because of the ineffectiveness caused. To continue to the final index, where am I? What is the most effective way to keep people? Any advice would be appreciated game.
1 comments:
scrack located on the edgeIT Training
Your educational and professional development is our top priority. With our exclusive learning technologies and elite team of expert instructors, you will receive the most effective hands-on training experience available. We have every solution for your training needs—from updating the skills of individual and team.
Project Management Training
Remiel offers Project Management training and project management courses and programs that are tailored to address skill gaps and improve the competency of your project personnel. Our courses are designed to provide a thorough understanding of project management at all levels in the organization. Our workshops inculcate good practices in project management through a right blend of theory and practice. Our workshops focus on philosophy of learning by doing, where the programs are designed to give professionals practical aspects of project managementAlice Tait 'Illustrated World Map' Print
19.00
Alice Tait 'Illustrated World Map' Print
19.00
Alice Tait 'Illustrated World Map' print
Size: A3 (297 mm x 420 mm)
An individually signed lithographic print
Alice's wonderfully enchanting 'Illustrated World Map' makes the perfect gift for a child's bedroom. They have proven to be very popular with children who love to spot the many iconic landmarks! Make this a memorable and thoughtful Christening!Wearing:
Mango Vest
Feel The Piece Tee
Lovers + Friends Pants
Vita Fede Bracelet
ASOS Rings
Zara Boots (also love this)
Chanel Boy Bag (this is also an alternative)
Graphic tees are a fun element that can be incorporated into a simple outfit, that can bring the entire look alive. Words are also very attractive when it’s bold and unique, and with the hotness of using hashtags nowadays, maybe “Cray” is the best as my personal description, I’m not crazy, but just simply, cray…haha. Anyways, love how it’s a cropped tee and pairing it with a pair of leather track pants creates a fun relaxed look. Layered a boyfriend gilet on top and wore my current favorite booties to glam up this look a bit.
Thanks for visiting and enjoy the rest of your week!
Until next post,
JennyNew Delhi: It is observed that in India, most of the students are engineering aspirant and every year lakhs of student strives to get into some of the premiere Institutes of Engineering. But only a handful make through due to the stiff competition of cracking the entrance exams, conducted by these Institutes.
Foreign students who are doing JEE Advance preparation for this year, will have more chances in getting into an IIT as there is a provision of 10% additional seats in IITs.
But the celebrations got delayed a bit, this season, because the website on which the results of the IIT JEE Advanced was to be declared had been down for hours. Thousands of examinees across the country were still waiting to know their ranks.
“It’s not like this is the CBSE Class XII exam. Only about 1.8 lakh kids appeared for it which is a very small load. I have been trying to access all morning,” says Keshav Agarwal who runs coaching institute Turning Point. Another chain, FIITJEE, had drawn up an “expected” rank list of its own students and started its felicitation on the basis of those. They did get some results but it was still slow-going.
“I have been tracking results for 15 years and this is the first time this has happened,” says Sheik Abdul Salam, CEO of Sri Chaitanya, another chain. “The list of toppers is circulating on social media and I have had one boy tell me he’s got a rank of 200 but now it’s down. I’ve been clicking all morning. Usually we start celebrating in 30 minutes.”A 1 day Pro-Life seminar was recently organised by Life Network Foundation Malta at Dar tal-Providenza, Siggiewi where local Pro-Life groups networked together in order to discuss the road ahead relating to important Life issues. Strategies for cultural change were also discussed. Dr. Miriam Sciberras invites all supporters and friends to join Life Network in order to build a force for defending life!
French magazine Le 10 Sport in their latest issue has covered a story on Radamel Falcao where they speculate Monaco could sell the Colombian striker in the summer.
The report basically says new coach of Monaco, Leonardo Jardim is not a keen admirer of Falcao. The former Sporting manager feels Falcao, who has a market value of around €60m, doesn’t fit in his favoured 4-3-3 system.
Falcao has been linked with several Premier League clubs including Chelsea and Arsenal, with Mourinho hinting a move for the Colombian striker back in February.
Mourinho said in an interview with the French television station Canal Plus: “I don’t have Falcao but Falcao doesn’t have a club. Who wants to play in front of 3,000 supporters? If I was one day to go to Monaco it would be the end.”
Likewise Arsenal who are also in need of a world class striker have been strongly linked with Daily Star claiming the Gunners could use the PUMA sponsorship deal to sign Falcao.
Furthermore, Le 10 sports speculates, Falcao could be sold to Real Madrid as a part of cash-plus-player swap deal, where the French club would sign young Alvaro Morata.
As an alternative plan, they would allow Chelsea to sign Falcao, but would take Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa instead.
Chelsea have already agreed a deal for Costa, who has also completed his medical, and his move to Stamford Bridge is all but a formality. Also, it is highly unlikely that would Arsenal pay such ridiculous money for a 28-year-old striker.
Get me costa no öne else
Costa z the one i prefer
Edge has caught up with falcao, and he is too expensive, while costa is still young and very cheap to me costa is the preferable option at the bridge.
I know very well that Facao is a good striker that is capable score in ragular match, but i want Costa instead.Attached is the Firmware 2.65 Released 8 June 2015
Please read the included README file as well as the installation instructions. Note this firmware may not work on Airconsole 1.0 Hardware. If you attempt to upgrade Airconsole 1.0 to this firmware and it has a solid RED LED on reboot after upgrading, then please recover it to version 2.60 using the TFTP Recovery tool.Dear visitors!
We are pleased to announce the launch of a new forum dedicated to crypto-currency – MetaBTC.com!
On our forum, you will have the opportunity to discuss various topics relating to Namecoin, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Dash, Monero and others, as well as mining and exchange questions. This will also be a place to discuss the most popular crypto merchants, brokers, and exchange points. You will be able to make individual posts and even discuss the latest political trends in this free medium of communication.
One of the things that make this forum special is monetary compensation for posts on the site. Each time that you make a new post on MetaBTC, you will automatically receive a small payment in Bitcoin (0.0001 BTC per post). There will be no limitations to how much you can post, but you should remember that spam is frowned upon in the forum.
We would be more than happy to address any remarks and suggestions you may offer in regards to the forum.
Welcome to MetaBTC Crypto Coin Forum!
Best regards,
MetaBTC Crypto Coin Forum team
MetaBTC.com - Crypto Coin forum that pays for posting!
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1IIT-Gandhinagar Goes Global for Students, Joins Hands with Nielsen
AHMEDABAD: IIT- Gandhinagar, The Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar on Tuesday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Nielsen, in order to support international opportunities for its undergraduate students.
As per the agreement, Nielsen will fund several Nielsen Awards annually at the institute to enable undergraduate students to participate in international conferences, internships and workshops that offer global exposure. Piyush Mathur, the president of Nielsen India said, “We have been working with IIT- Gandhinagar for some time and have found a great pool of talent. If these people are groomed well, they can become industry leaders in the future. We are looking to encourage these young minds.”
Furthermore, shortlisted students will get opportunities to network with senior executives of Nielsen and be mentored by them in the course of their overseas visits.
Prof Sudhir Jain, the director of IIT- Gandhinagar, expressed, “In an increasingly globalized world, our institute places great emphasis on the internationalization of its curriculum.”
He added, “Already the Institute has a very high proportion of visiting professors from abroad. They bring diversity to the campus and our academic programmes. Now Nielsen’s support will enable us to significantly scale up and expand the range of international prospects for our undergraduate students. Thus we believe that brings a distinctive edge to our undergraduate experience.”
IIT- Gandhinagar students will be selected via a screening for internships or to attend global conferences outside India by the faculty members. The selected students will then be assisted by Nielsen for their internships.
- Excited
- Fascinated
- Amused
- Bored
- Sad
- AngryI just got off the phone with my dad! His phone wasn’t working this morning for some reason. My calls kept going to the answering machine so I must have called him 8 times between 8am and 9am! lol. Finally I got through. :)
Here we are last October 2008. I flew my dad down to Toronto as a surprise so he could attend my Master’s Convocation ceremony!
He didn’t get to attend my Undergraduate convocation so I really wanted him to be there for this one! He was thrilled :)
My dad told me a story this morning of the first time I was ever on a beach when I was 2 years old.
He said, ‘Do you remember your first beach experience?’
Of course, I said no…
And he said, “Your sister Kristi came up to me and said: ‘DAD, Angie is EATING THE SAND!!!’”
My dad walked over to me to find me with a huge pile of sand shoved in my mouth! LOL.
Oh the things kids do, eh??
My dad lives in the Maritimes so we don’t get to see him too much. Eric and I are planning on going there for Christmas this year though, and we are so excited! It has been so long since we were out East for Christmas. My dad is already making plans for parties, what FOOD he is going to cook, and he put me in charge of the desserts of course! :)
I woke up this morning with huge, puffy eyes! I think my allergies are bothering me lately! Anyone else?? My skin also gets itchy from time to time. I don’t have severe allergies or anything like that, but it is still enough of a nuisance!
To help myself feel alive (I haven’t been sleeping much lately- even last night too!) I had some Swamp Water (Amazing Grass Wheatgrass Powder with water).
I had a full glass but forgot to photograph it right away:
This drink is not for the faint of heart! lol. I put in way too much powder, so there was a thick sludge at the bottom of the swamp. I did it like a ‘shot’ of wheatgrass and then ‘chased’ it with some tea. LOL. If you could have seen it…
Then I had some Spelt cereal!
[Sorry for the blurry pictures…my camera wasn’t waking up this AM!]
Today I decided to crumble some of my leftover On The Glo II Bars over my cereal!
Oh WOW was this ever good!!! These bars would be amazing crumbled over oatmeal too!!!
I crumbled about 1-1.5 bars worth of the regular PB and chocolate versions over top.
This morning I was up early around 7am because I couldn’t sleep again! I have not been getting my sleep lately and I am not sure why. I wake up in the morning and my mind is racing about everything I want to get done that day so I find it very hard to go back to sleep. I also don’t go to bed until at least midnight on the weekends, so I haven’t been getting much sleep these days! I think I just have a lot on my mind!
So this morning I decided today would be a catch up day!
I hate to say it, but I have fully switched over to PAPER to-do lists and calendars once again!!! I just kept forgetting to go into To-Doist too often and then I would find it hard to go back into To-Doist just to try and update what I wrote on paper!
So here is this mess, lol:
I have June, July, and August printed out!
Over the next 8 weekends, we have ONE weekend that isn’t booked!!! We have such a crazy busy summer this summer. It seems like it is busier than last summer even!
I also am going over all of my orders and getting everything organized with those. I need to have everything written down on my calendars so I know what days I am baking and when the orders need to be ready for. I am putting together a huge order for 16 people for tomorrow so it is going to be another busy day!
On that note I better get going! :)
OH- and the weather is a BEAUTIFUL sunny and 25C today- figures!!!
Today’s question:
Is your summer booked up? Do you have lots of plans?
Do you like when your schedule is full or wide open?
Let's get social! Follow Angela on Instagram (@ohsheglows + @theglowspot), Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Snapchat, and Google+
{ 21 comments… read them below or add one }
Sometimes I like when I have a full schedule to keep me busy but other times I love to just relax and do what I want! I love the idea of crumbling up those bars over cereal.. I’ll have to try that!
i hate planning for things because the plans never actually work out lol..im more of a “go with the flow” type of person and have given up on being a planner…however I do have summer trips planned :) so excited for those!
xoxo
lo
Happy Father’s Day to your daddy! :)
Thanks for the blog comment!
I keep my To Do lists in a planner. It has each month spread like a calendar and then each individual day. It helps me to organize when bills are due, etc.
I kind of like to be busy since I do have a lot of time off in the week (I’m a nurse, so I work 3 twelve hour shifts), but then again, I love to just sit around and be lazy:)
Yes, busy summer around here, too!! Although not as busy as your summer sounds :0) Remember just take it one day at a time. I think keeping a to do list is great…it gives me such a sense of accomplishment when I can cross something off :0) Have a great day!
I like to have plans, but I also like free time too. Otherwise I feel overwhelmed and it is too much work. It sounds like you have a crazy summer planned!
I like to be kinda busy sometimes, but to have plenty of downtime! I haven’t been sleeping well, either, I feel your pain, Angela! I didn’t have my GM yet this morning, but I’m sure I’ll feel better once I do. And I love my paper to do lists…
I HATE being busy! I don’t like it when my weekends are so packed that I felt like I didn’t have a chance to relax before it’s Monday again. Even if it’s fun things, I totally relish (and need!) my downtime. My weekends have been crazy packed lately, but it should (key word there) calm down soon.
Sorry to hear about not sleeping! That’s the worst.
Glad you got to talk to your dad, and cute story haha!
Wow, that IS a busy summer, but I’ve got a few things planned here and there, and I think I like it! I function much better with plans, I don’t know what to do with myself with too much free time! ;)
Yes! My summer in insanely busy! I kind of gripe about it but I guess it’s a pretty good problem to have. I do love a good wide open weekend though! I don’t think we have ANY this whole summer.
Wow, that cereal looks amazing! Once I make those bars I’m recreating that ASAP!
Your dad is so handsome!
Thanks for sharing that about your dad. I can definitely see him in you! And that will be so fun to get to visit him with Eric for Christmas. :)
I’ve always been more of a paper-person when it comes to to-do lists. It just seems so much more efficient to write things down, and I end up remembering things so much better.
Try to enjoy your busy summer, but don’t forget to take a step back and savor each moment. The summer will be over before you know it, and you don’t want to feel like you missed out on anything!
xxoo
Heather
Great idea to post pics of you and your papa! I might just steal that idea…
Happy Sunday and Summer Solstice!
xo
Mandy
Love the first photo! Too cute!
Yay for the Maritimes! I wouldn’t want to live anywhere else :)
Wow, you do have a busy summer, I hope most of those things are FUN things!! I just started a new job, so I’m putting my time in at work this summer. I’m a little bummed about it, but at least what little time I have off will be extra special :)
Mmmm! I want some bars to crumble over stuff!
My summer is wide open….my schedule almost always is, as I’m supposed to keep it that way b/c as show biz is fickle and unpredictable. But I would love a little more stability. Like a dog, I thrive on a schedule.
The pic of you and your dad dancing is so cute!
My kid ate sand until he was 2, 2.5.
This is fantastic that you are getting orders. I love the idea of the samples too. : )
I just realized this weekend that I do not have a free weekend (non-travel or non-visitors) until Aug 14-15 (which may now switch to a trip to Boston). I am definitely an over planner. More than anything, I promise people so many things and trips and visits that before I know it I am booked.
Sometimes I like it, sometimes I want just a carefree “me” weekend.
Happiness AwaitsDrew Barrymore and Justin Long deliver a suprisingly enjoyable romantic comedy in Going the Distance
Going the Distance
Director: Nanette Burstein
Starring: Drew Barrymore, Justin Long
***
Justin Long has come a long way since his days as movie geek stock, the likes of Jeepers Creepers and Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story being stepping stones for his current Hollywood position as the loveable romantic lead.
Here, Long is the New York-based record-label lackey Garrett, who falls very quickly for Drew Barrymore's no-nonsense Erin, a thirtysomething journalism student. She is in town for only six weeks, working as an intern on a newspaper, and the pair promise to keep things casual – that is, until Erin's departure back to San Francisco prompts them to keep things alive long-distance style.
Hollywood films starring real-life couples tend to be more hit than miss – the less said about Gigli, Mr and Mr Smith, and Eyes Wide Shut the better – but Going the Distance manages to buck the trend. Barrymore and Long's portrayal of a couple dealing with the trials and tribulations of living apart is easy to believe, making you root for their survival.
More importantly, Geoff LaTulippe's screenplay gives us a glut of highly likeable characters: Garrett's loudmouth flatmate Dan (Charlie Day) and best friend Box (the Saturday Night Live star Jason Sudeikis) steal every scene they're in. The dialogue is refreshing, flows well, and only occasionally feels forced between the long-distance couple. All in all it's a highly enjoyable movie.Richard Baldwin and Simon Evenett (eds)
In late 2008, as the global financial crisis was spreading, so too was protectionism. Despite pledges by G20 and APEC leaders, tariffs were being raised in developing countries and industrialised nations had launched a slew of investigations into “dumped” imports as a means of justifying tariff hikes. The futility of protectionism in a global recession is not a new lesson now and was not a new lesson then – every world leader is and was well aware of the role protectionism played in exacerbating the Great Depression. But even as the global economy is recovering, leaders continue to find themselves torn. Their heart tells them to help industries and workers under stress; their head tells them protectionism will backfire. This book, first published as an eBook in December 2008, collects essays from world-class economists on what global leaders must do to halt the slide towards protectionism. It identifies three areas where world leaders should act:
- World leaders must finalise the WTO’s Doha negotiations. WTO rules remain the world’s best bulwark against 1930s-style trade wars.
- All nations should commit to a standstill on raising their applied tariffs and other forms of protection.
- Industrialised and developing nations should refrain from initiating new antidumping cases, and postpone imposing antidumping duties wherever possible – economic nationalism should not be allowed to creep in.
With protectionism continuing to threaten global prosperity, many of this book’s recommendations hold true today.Berettagt5spd
Looking to buy or sell something? Check the buyer or sellers history here.
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Berettagt5spd
This past week, I purchased a solid grille from this person. The details were quickly worked out through good communications. The grille arrived unharmed and as described in the ad.
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Return to “Feedback Forum”
Who is online
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestRadio Wiring Harness for Impala/Monte Carlo 2006 and up
Request a custom order and have something just for you!Send Customized Request
- Model NO.: Radio Wiring Harness
- Wire Core Material: Copper Wire
- Bandaging Materials: PVC Pipe
- Signal: Low Voltage Wiring Harness
- Interface Type: BNC
- Brand: Star
- Trademark: STAR
- Specification: Rohs, UL
- HS Code: 85443090
- Application: Electronic, Automobile, Home Appliance, Motorcycle
- Industry Type: Automotive Wiring Harness
- General Wiring Harness: Crimping Assembling Classes
- Shape: Round
- Certification: RoHS, UL
- Standard: RoHS, UL
- Transport Package: Box
- Origin: China
Radio Wiring Harness
Descriptions of Radio Wiring Harness Radio Wiring Harness?.Previous Entry | Next Entry
So in a spirit of sientific enquiry I obtained and watched all six episodes of Kröd Mändoon, to assess whether SFX's ratings were reliable. My mature judgement: SFX are probably right. Kröd Mändoon is rubbish, desperately trying to be funny but basically running through adolescent jokes about sex while waving swords about. At least the episodes are only twenty minutes long, and it filled a few commutes nicely.
But never mind what I thought; what do you think?
Hex (2004-05), about a remote English country school that becomes the battleground between a demonic entity and the witches who oppose it:
Hyperdrive (2006-07), following the crew of HMS Camden Lock as they stumble through their heroic mission to protect British interests in a changing galaxy in the year 2151:
Jericho (2006-08), about the residents of the fictional town of Jericho, Kansas in the aftermath of nuclear attacks on 23 major cities in the contiguous United States:
The Listener (2009), about a young Toronto paramedic named Toby Logan (Craig Olejnik) with the ability to listen to people's most intimate thoughts:
Blade: The Series (2006), based on the Marvel Comics character and starring Sticky Fingaz:
Masters of Science Fiction (2007), an anthology series dramatising "A Clean Escape" by John Kessel, "The Awakening" by Howard Fast, "Jerry Was a Man" by Robert A. Heinlein, "The Discarded" by Harlan Ellison, "Little Brother" by Walter Mosley and "Watchbird" by Robert Sheckley:
Painkiller Jane (2007), another comics adaptation starring Kristanna Loken as the eponymous indestructible undercover cop:
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire (2009), about the struggle between reluctant hero Kröd Mändoon (Sean Maguire), and the evil ruler, Chancellor Dongalor (Matt Lucas):
Demons (2009), about London teenager Luke Rutherford (Christian Cooke), who learns that he is the last descendant of the Van Helsing line by the sudden arrival of his American godfather Rupert Galvin (Philip Glenister):
Flash Gordon (2007-08), starring Eric Johnson and Gina Holden:
I watched all of Kröd and around half of Hyperdrive.
Hyperdrive? Oh dear god, that was bad. It put us off poor Miranda Hart for years.
That explains a lot. (I think Merlin is utter rubbish but still watch it.)
Hyperdrive: Watched one episode, thought it was dire, accidentally saw a second one, cooking, put something on to cook, discovered that this was what
Jericho: Saw the ads never managed to see episode one.
The Listener: like this one, know it's cheezy etc still like it.
Blade: I'm pretty sure I've seen some of this, can't remember though.
Masters of Science Fiction
Painkiller Jane - I think I may have seen the pilot, don't remember though.
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire: Missed this one, may have watched it if I had managed to catch it.
Demons: Sounds interesting but didn't see it.
Flash Gordon: I can manage to watch about anything (see responses above and note that
I'd be happy to sit and watch Jericho if there was nowt else on, and I didn't have a book to read, and I wasn't in the mood for internetty stuff. I watched some of Masters of SF because they got shown on some cable channel or other late night.
I wouldn't seek them out, but acceptable popcorn to vegetate in front of.
At least, I hope not.
Saw part of one episode of Hyperdrive and thought it had potential but was not as funny as it thought it was. Demons was abominable, but it did have Gladiolus Thripp, one of the most gloriously ridiculous bad guys who I prefered to all of the good guys. It also had the chief sidekick, who was the only normal person there was quite fun.
I have no idea how people didn't like Krod Mandoon. Except I do because it was a particularly crude parody of sword and sorcery fantasy, and I think some fantasy fans might have had hurt feelings. I thought it was hilarious but yes, very crude. It also has the greatest exit line I've heard for quite a while.
Hyperdrive: Watched one episode, it was shit. And, TBH, we already have Red Dwarf, so making a less funny version was kind of pointless (especially since genuine RD also managed that on its own...)
Jericho: Heard of it, thought I might like to catch it to see what it was like, but aren't bothered that I never did.
The Listener: Never heard of it
Blade: Love the movies, but, how can I put this, that ain't no Snipes in the series.
Masters of Science Fiction - wasn't impressed by Masters Of Horror, so never bothered
Painkiller Jane - Heard of the comic, not the show
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire: Saw one - Matt Lucas' scenes were OK but otherwise it was rubbish, and about a decade too late to be an effective pisstake of Hercules/Xena etc
Demons: Arg, pass the eye-bleach!
Flash Gordon: In name only...Cash Switch Too Simple Through Cell Banking (IMPS)
We’ve got lowered our FX charges when sending greater than 500 GBP to India, Pakistan, Thailand, the US, and elsewhere. Somebody sends you a check with instructions to deposit it and wire some or all the money again. More than 2 trillion shillings are transacted yearly by the cellular cash switch service in Kenya. All you must do is visit a department of the agency, resembling western Union or MoneyGram, and ship the money. In the event you need your money immediately, do not link your checking account to the debit card and switch funds instantly, as this course of takes two to three days. Now that the UID mission has driven up the number of people with financial institution accounts even among the many rural India populations, this would appear OK. Mobile penetration is also excessive.
I haven’t got the money (even when i want and work for it, as a result of the precise financial scenario with the overseas change, its just unimaginable for the lower class like us to put our hand on dollars.) to interrupt this chains and break free from all of this. A few of these issues to avoid doing are cultural variations, a few of these are simply common sense and a few of these are particular to sure scams that, unfortunately, prevail in Thailand.
Sending money transfers via Ria and our international network of 287,000+ locations in 147+ international locations, is fast, protected and safe. It is never a good suggestion to ship cash to someone you have never met for an apartment you haven’t seen. You just tell us how a lot cash you are transferring abroad and the place you need us to ship it to. The charges of trade you see on our forex calculator are the exact trade charges your cash shall be transferred at.
Within the USA most stores and banks would accept it without charging any charge, however, in some international locations, sellers may cost small percentage based charge generally ranging between 1% to three%. Unfortunately, there is no direct and legit approach of sending money from Paypal to Skrill. Cash Switch to Walk-in-Clients: This can be a quick and safe means of sending money domestically to individuals, associates or family members who do not have account in Diamond Bank. Or you may ship the cash directly to your receiver’s checking account or cell phone – for certain countries.
In order to perform the sending or receiving money transfer transactions, expired Nadra CNICs is not going to be accepted. Hello Expat Man, I’ve learn the labor regulation a couple of instances prior to now and don’t recall any particular age limits, nonetheless it’s best to bear in mind the ongoing push to limit jobs to Saudis and to penalize companies that make use of too many expats. This service option is obtainable for money switch to the United States, Puerto Rico and international locations.
Description
About the Cloutank F1 Battery
1.Three colors LED button to
indicate the power capacity.
red: 0% – 2%; yellow: 2% – 50%
; green: 50%-100%
red: 0% – 2%; yellow: 2% –129. Johann Marcus ENGELHORN II
(parents) was born 11 Dec 1782
in Altlussheim. He died 25 Oct 1869 in Altlussheim, Baden, Germany.
Johann Marcus Engelhorn was an eighth generation descendant of Marx (Markus) Engelhorn the Elder (1580 - 1650). He was the common ancestor of all the Engelhorns who emigrated to Allamakee County, Iowa. [The Move To America]
Johann Marcus II was a Burger, farmer and magistrate. His cousin was #141 Julius Jakob ENGELHORN, father of Johann Peter who emigrated to Ohio and Illinois. Johann Peter was therefore a second cousin of the Allamakee, Iowa Engelhorns.
Johann married Eva Katharina WERNER, daughter of Martin WERNER and Maria Katharina HENNI, on 25 Feb 1805 in Altlussheim. Eva was born 1 Mar 1786 in Altlussheim. She died 27 Feb 1853 in Altlussheim.
They had 13 children: Germany, in the village of Altlussheim. Two died in childhood, one married and remained in Germany, the other eight came to America. John Thomas and his wife stayed in Germany.
Johann Thomas was the progenitor of the “Thomas Line,” He was a Burger and farmer.
Johann married Elizabetha STEPHAN, daughter of Samuel Friedrich STEPHAN and Anna Katharina KADEL, on 28 Mar 1834 in Altlussheim. Elizabetha was born 11 May 1809 in Altlussheim. She died 27 Jul 1878 in Lansing, Iowa and was buried in Lansing Ridge Cemetery.
Jakob was the progenitor of the “Jakob Line.” He emigrated on 2 Jun 1853, arriving in Allamakee County on 23 October of that year. Jakob and Elizabetha Engelhorn brought all seven of their surviving children with them to Allamakee County, Iowa. Jakob was the oldest of the three brothers who emigrated to Allamakee County. The other two were Mathias and Johannes.
Johann married Anna Margaretha SCHWECHHEIMER, daughter of Johannes SCHWECHHEIMER and Maria Magdalena STEPHAN, on 10 Apr 1834 in Altlussheim. Anna was born 30 Sep 1810 in Altlussheim. She died 7 Dec 1878 in Lansing and was buried 9 Dec 1878 in Oak Hill Cemetery.
Mathias was the progenitor of the “Mathias Line” of Allamakee County Engelhorns. He and Anna Margaretha had nine children, seven of whom emigrated with their parents to America, two having died in infancy.
According to the register of emigrants they were on the same ship with his brother Johann Jakob and his family, departing 2 June 1853.
Christina married George RUCH before May 1858 in Lansing, Iowa. George was born about 1813 in Baden, Germany.
Christina Margaretha emigrated in 1852 with her sister Christina Wilhelmine, brother Johannes, and two nephews, Johann Martin and Julius. It is known from a letter to Germany from Johannes that Christine was in Iowa with her brother in 1852.
Katherina married Georg Julius SCHMIDT, son of Johannes SCHMIDT and Eva Maria MÜLLER, on 25 Nov 1847 in Altlussheim. Georg was born 30 May 1820 in Altlussheim. He died 12 Apr 1900 in Altlussheim.
Johannes married Anna Eva BARTHEL, daughter of George Paulus BARTHEL and Barbara Sabrina SCHEUERLEIN, on 1 Mar 1854 in Church, Allamakee County, Iowa. Anna was born 27 Jun 1817 in Beerbach, Bavaria, Germany. She died 13 Jun 1894 in Helena, Lewis and Clark County, Montana and was buried 19 Jun 1894 in Lansing Ridge Cemetery, Allamakee County.
Progen. Arrival in New Orleans was on 18 May, 1852. Johann, his two sisters and two nephews arrived in Dubuque, Iowa about mid-June, 1852.ྭ
Christina married Joseph H. PLATZ in 1854 in Dubuque. Joseph was born 8 Apr 1829 in Wurttemburg, Germany. He died 22 Jul 1901 in Dubuque.
Christina was known as Wilhelmina. She came to New Orleans in 1852 on the ship "Tirrell" with her older sister Christina Margaretha, brother Johannes, and nephews Johann Martin and Julius Jakob. They traveled by riverboat up the Mississippi River to Iowa.
136. Johann Jakob ENGELHORN (parents) was born 7 Jan 1793 in Neulussheim. He died 22 Jul 1860 in Neulussheim. He was a master brick maker.
Johann married Christina Cordula GRUBER, daughter of Johann Jakob GRUBER and Barbara WERNER, on 22 Feb 1821 in Neulussheim. Christina was born 10 Sep 1795 in Neulussheim. She died 18 May 1866 in Neulussheim.
They had eight children:
Christina married Johann Georg LÖRTSCH on 27 Mar 1844 in Neulussheim. Johann was born 19 Jan 1816 in Oftersheim. He died 12 Mar 1895 in Neulussheim.
Maria married Johann Jakob EISSINGER on 15 Nov 1849 in Neulussheim.
141. Julius Jakob ENGELHORN (parents) was born 9 Nov 1806 in Neulussheim, Baden, Germany. He died 10 Jan 1848 in Neulussheim. Julius Jakob was a master shoemaker Schuhmachermeister.
Julius married Anna Margaretha ADOLPH, daughter of John Philipp ADOLPH and Eva Katharina KLAUS, on 17 Mar 1834 in Reilingen, Baden, Germany. Anna was born 8 Jun 1813 in Reilingen. She died 15 Oct 1885 in Neulussheim.
They had eight children:
Christina married Michael VOEGELY on 8 Oct 1863 in Reilingen. Michael was born 18 Apr 1822.
Johann married Katarina MAYER, daughter of Valentin MAYER and Katharina EDDINGER, about 1873 in San Jose, Logan County, Illinois. Katarina was born about 27 Mar 1849 in Eschweiler, Germany. She died 15 Mar 1920 in San and was buried in Greenhill Cemetery, San Jose.
Ludwig married Eva ULRICH, daughter of Johann Marcus ULRICH and Anna Barbara ASKANI, on 21 Nov 1872 in Neulussheim. Eva was born 17 Dec 1852 in Neulussheim. She died 15 Aug 1923 in Neulussheim.
156. Johannes ENGELHORN (parents) was born 15 Sep 1803 in Altlussheim. He died 8 Oct 1836 in Altlussheim.
Johannes married Elisabetha Margaretha SCHWESINGER, daughter of Mathias SCHWESINGER and Eva Katherina BALDUF, on 10 Jan 1833 in Altlussheim. Elisabetha was born 4 Nov 1800 in Altlussheim. She died 27 Apr 1871 in Altlussheim.
They had two children:
160. Johann Konrad ENGELHORN II
(parents) was born 15 Dec 1793
in Mannheim,. He died 16 Jul 1880 in Mannheim. Johann Conrad Engelhorn
II was the progenitor of the Mannheimer Line.
Johann Conrad was a man of many peculiarities, had bad luck in his undertakings, and went through his own and his wife's inherited fortunes through lottery until there was only a small remnant left. He was placed under guardianship by his son, Carl, a lawyer; the children came into possession of the remaining property and were required to use the interest as subsistence for the parents. The father's catastrophic loss of the family wealth and property affected their mode of life during these years, particularly son Friedrich who was forced to interrupt his education.
Johann married Marie Christine SCHAEFFER, daughter
of Johann Christoph SCHAEFFER and Catharina Barbara, on 21 Aug 1817
in Mannheim,. Marie was born 31 Jul 1798 in Heddesheim, Mannheim, Germany.
She died 3 Sep 1883 in Mannheim.
They had five children:
Helene married Heinrich HOFF in 1838 in Mannheim. The marriage ended in divorce. Heinrich was born 13 Nov 1808 in Mannheim. He died 27 Apr 1852 in New York, New York.
164. Carl Conrad Philipp ENGELHORN (parents) was born 25 May 1807 in Mannheim, , Baden, Germany. He died 9 Sep 1860 in Mannheim, Baden, Germany.
Carl Conrad Philipp was an agriculturist, chief of city militia and town concilor in Heidelberg. He was a member of the theater committee in 1848, battalion chief of the city militia, and town councilor in 1849 and again in 1851-1855.
Carl married Susanne Margarete HELMREICH, daughter of Georg Michael HELMREICH and Susanne Elisabeth SEITZ, on 20 Apr 1827 in Wieblingen. Susanne was born 5 Mar 1807 in Wieblingen. She died 10 Mar 1839 in Mannheim.
They had four children:
Elizabeth married Friedrich LEUTZ in 1861. Friedrich was born 1827 in Eberbach. He died 30 Jun 1880 in Schwetzingen.
171. Georg Ludwig ENGELHORN (parents) was born 1801 in Speyer. He died 13 Jul 1863 in Contwig, Pfalz, Germany. He was an Imperial community tax collector in Contwig; participated in the Palatinate Insurection in 1848 and was relieved of his office.
Georg married (1) Catharina JACOBY. Catharina died 4 Jun 1838 in Zweibrucken.
They had two children:
Carolina married Heinrich Peter WIEHN on 24 Oct 1854 in Contwig.
Georg Ludwig also married (2) Anna Maria Hubertine WAGNER on 6 Sep 1838. Anna was born 25 Mar 1820 in Cologne. She died 9 Jul 1864 in Contwig.
They had eight children:
Maria married Adam BUCHHEIT, son of Johann BUCHHEIT and Magdalena FRENZEL, on 12 Nov 1861 in Contwig. Adam was born 13 Feb 1836 in Seyweiler, Germany. He died 1 Mar 1914 in St. John Rohrbach, Lothringen, Germany.
Karl married Fredericka (—?—.) She was born about 1849 in Bavaria.
176. Johann Adam ENGELHORN (parents) was born 30 Dec 1792 in Hockenheim, Baden, , Germany.
Johann married Maria Magdalena GEISS, daughter of Michael GEISS and Katharina Barbara HOFFMANN, on 10 Jun 1819 in Hockenheim. Maria was born before 1803 in Hockenheim.
They had seven children:
178. Johann Jakob ENGELHORN II (parents) was born 4 Apr 1798 in Hockenheim. He died 28 Jul 1835 in Hockenheim. Johann Jakob Engelhorn II, of the Engelhorn and Sturm Line, was a Burger and master butcher in the town of Hockenheim.
Johann married Maria Eva ENGELHORN, his fourth cousin and a daughter of Sebastian ENGELHORN and Maria Justina HOFFMANN, on 13 Jan 1825 in Hockenheim. Maria was born 18 Nov 1802 in Neulussheim. She died 11 Jan 1879 in Wiesloch, Germany. Their common ancestor was Johann (Hans) Georg ENGELHORN I; #3 in the Third Generation.
They had one child:
181. Johann Bernhard ENGELHORN (parents) was born 21 Nov 1813 in Hockenheim. He died 16 Apr 1888 in Altlussheim. He was a citizen and farmer in Altlussheim.
Johann married (1) Anna Margaretha SCHWESINGER on 30 Mar 1837 in Altlussheim. Anna was born 12 Jan 1818 in Altlussheim. She died 7 May 1841 in Altlussheim.
They had three children:
Anna married Johann Frederich FEIERLING on 11 Aug 1859 in Altlussheim. Johann was born 24 Apr 1837 in Altlussheim. He died 24 Nov 1903 in Altlussheim.
Johann Bernhard also married (2) Eva Elisabetha MULLER on 31 Aug 1841 in Altlussheim. Eva was born 25 Nov 1818 in Altlussheim. She died 14 Feb 1903 in Altlussheim.
They had five children:
Maria married Ernst Friedrich Wilhelm SCHWECHHEIMER on 29 Sep 1863 in Altlussheim. Ernst was born 31 Jul 1839 in Altlussheim. He died 29 Aug 1874 in Altlussheim.
183. Georg Heinrich ENGELHORN (parents) was born 25 Dec 1817 in Hockenheim. He died 3 Mar 1851 in Walldorf.
Georg married Eva Elisabetha OSTERHELD, daughter of Johann Peter OSTERHELD and Anna Katharina HERRMANN, on 10 Aug 1843 in Walldorf. Eva was born 29 Mar 1822. She died 18 Mar 1860 in Walldorf.
They had two children:
Heinrich married Anna Margaretha MAYER on 10 Mar 1870 in Walldorf. Anna was born 10 Mar 1850 in Walldorf. She died 1 Nov 1920 in Walldorf.
Friedrich married Margaretha KLARE on 5 Mar 1872 in Wiesloch. Margaretha was born about 1848 in Wiesloch. She died 15 Oct 1918 in Heidelberg.
[Seventh
Generation]
[Ninth Generation]
[Family Tree] [Surname List] [Name Index]
[Engelhorn Home Page] [Top of page]Film Review: Kedi by Cedya Torun
By Belle McIntyre
This eccentric and winsome documentary about the street cats in Istanbul is exactly the antidote to the disturbing moment we are living through and the existential angst, which so many of us are experiencing. It is an exploration of the street feline population that has been an integral part of the cityscape of Istanbul since the Ottoman Empire. It is a wonderful way to explore an ancient, magnificent, and mysterious city as well as an up close and personal encounter with regular citizens who live and work there, in a way not usually available to most travelers. There is an element of Anthony Bourdain’s Parts Unknown series.
For a film, this irresistible combonation of setting and characters eliminates the need for plot or storyline. Rather, we are presented with a series of sketches. The cats, who all have names, are the stars, and the humans the supporting actors. What unifies the whole picture is the love, respect and genuine appreciation that the human population has for their four-legged citizenry. There is an implicit mutuality between the species and rampant anthropomorphizing on the part of many of the humans.
One of my favorite quotes from one of the locals is: “Cats know there is a God and humans are just an intermediary. Dogs think that humans are God.” There is another who absolutely credits the reversal of a catastrophic misfortune to a cat and has dedicated himself to taking care of abandoned kittens as an act of gratitude. There are those who believe that cats help absorb negativity and hostility from humans. Also the hard-to dispute feeling that merely petting cats who are so demonstrative in their enjoyment returns psychic benefits to the giver.
There is a woman who suffered severe illness and spends her mornings cooking enough food to feed dozens of cats each day and then spends the rest of her time delivering it to high-population areas of town where the cats know she is coming and are there to greet her. This is part of her healing process (A Feline City Meals-on-Wheels). She reminds me of those eccentric, usually older, folks in NYC who feel the same kind of empathy for pigeons, whom most in Manhattan regard as an annoying nuisance. But I believe that they have a point.
I think there are some lessons and universal truths to be gleaned from this charming and pleasurable film. They have to do with acceptance, tolerance, kindness and sharing. We all have just one planet to live on and why not make it as harmonious as possible? No need to demonize the other. Try a little tenderness.
The filmmakers have done something pretty remarkable in making the film. Charlie Wupperman has made it feel as if there is a steadicam attached to one of the cats (unlikely) or that the cats are trained (impossible). About half of the film is shot from cat’s-eye level. There are also lots of beautiful drone shots showing aerial views of the ancient and densely populated city. The juxtaposition of angles creates a rich tapestry, which is both pleasurable and compelling.Photos: Courtesy of Richard A. Cooke III
UPDATE: SAVED IN 2010
The Friends of Kalaniana‘ole Hall restored the building through grants, the work of volunteers, and Mason Architects.
LISTED AS ENDANGERED IN 2007
Article Written By: Michael Keany, HONOLULU Magazine
What is it?
Kalaniana‘ole Hall stands empty these days, among the coconuts of the Kapua‘iwa royal grove in Kalama‘ula, but it was once one of Molokai‘oka‘i,” says Abbey Mayer, executive director of the Moloka‘ioka‘i start the restoration process, allowing them to begin on the most critical repairs. It’s encouraging, but more than half of the total $1.1 million estimated cost of renovation remains outstanding.So to make the slab look a little more classy we went with a salt finish. The concrete workers sprinkled salt on it and we let it sit for 24 hours; at that point I used a water hose and washed the salt away leaving this awesome finish. NOTE: It collects dust, small rocks, etc but it looks great.President of Element Inc
YEARS IN OPERATION: 5
THE TECH: Mobile software solutions, powered by artificial intelligence and biometrics,
for the health-care, banking and telecommunication sectors.
Goh Yiping has just emerged from an intense, three hour-long photography session without lunch and is battling an exceptionally bad case of sinusitis, the discomfort compounded by holding her breath for poses during the shoot.
In between fielding our questions, the president of Element Inc stops mid-sentence, lowers her chin, and tilts her head in attempts to decongest. It’s not an elegant sight, but she does what she needs to, even if it might seem strange to others. Such as becoming a tech entrepreneur even though she studied real estate in university. Such as exiting the e-commerce industry when she was at the top of her game, to enter the completely unfamiliar territory of artificial intelligence (AI).
Goh started All Deals Asia with her younger brother in 2010, when she was 28. Both active deal-seekers, they wanted a way to fi nd the best promotions, without having to trawl multiple deal sites. Within a month, they were getting paid by other discount portals and independent merchants to list promotions on their site. “By 2012, we facilitated about $10 million worth of transactions that originated from our site and was completed at our partners’ sites,” she says. All Deals Asia was acquired by Lippo Group in 2014.
Commenting on why their site caught the attention of the Indonesian conglomerate, she says: “We were the No. 1 deal aggregator in Singapore, Malaysia and the Philippines, in terms of traffic and subscribers (450,000) at that time. What set us apart was our first-mover advantage and localised content in each country.” The site was also an early adopter of e-services such as online customer support. “In 2010, when live chat was still not as widespread on websites, we provided customers with real-time help,” recalls Goh.
In the next three years, she helped Lippo Group to build from scratch Indonesian e-commerce site Matahari Mall. While it might look like yet another online shopping site, Matahari Mall presented a new concept for its time – Online-to-Offline, where customers are drawn from online channels to physical stores. “Matahari Mall was conceptualised to bridge the online and offline world,” says Goh. Under her watch as founding member and chief product officer, Matahari Mall – dubbed the Alibaba of Indonesia – grew into one of the country’s largest e-commerce sites.
Despite having studied real estate, she admits that e-commerce now runs in her veins. “My passion is in learning something new, be it working as cashier at my parents’ roast meats stall when I was eight years old or learning about stock markets through newspapers. From young, I’ve taken steps into new environments – and every time I do that, something good happens.”
Now that she has excelled in e-commerce, her next move is to tap the potential of AI. “With increasingly more data available for analysis coupled with rapidly improving computer speeds, AI is finding more applications in daily life,” shares Goh.
At Element Inc, an AI company providing mobile software solutions for the health-care, banking and telecommunication sectors, she is looking into how AI can be applied to solve problems, especially in developing countries. “In countries where people lack formal identification documents, NGOs are able to use electronic devices loaded with our biometrics application to identify aid recipients. This helps in the distribution of resources such as food vouchers. Powered by AI, the app’s algorithms are able to process and learn from data collected, thus sharpening its accuracy in identifying human features,” says Goh. “We are also working with banks to authenticate mobile transactions with a user’s face or palm, in place of passcodes sent via SMS.”
Not one to keep still, she is leading the way for change. “At the companies I’ve co-founded or am co-leading, I emphasise three things: to keep reinventing ourselves to stay relevant, experiment constantly, and collaborate widely. When you put people from diverse backgrounds together with the same goal – good ideas happen.”
IN 60 SECONDS
I always imagined that I might be doing the unimaginable. Intimidation happens when you are faced with too many unknowns. As I make more uncertain things known, it becomes easier.
A habit I’d like to adopt is to think big, which I don’t think I am doing, still.
My antidote to a bad day is my husband, Carlos Banon, an architect and assistant professor at Singapore University of Technology and Design. He is one of the many people who inspire me.
Return to The Power List
Browse previous Power Lists:
CLOTHES TRIACETAT SHIRT, & POLYESTER AND CUPRO SKIRT, FROM HUGO BOSS HAIR SAM, FROM ATHENS SALON MAKEUP RIE MIURA, USING GUERLAINTwo Days of Thunder
2 Days of Thunder!
Competitor Information
License requirements
- A Queensland Raceways RACERS National license is required - $60 for a single event or $250 annually
- A current CAMS NC, PC or CC license is accepted as well but a Queensland Raceways RACERS Clubman license would also be required - $20 for single event or $65 annually.Dhammar is a form of Dhrupad composition composed in Dhammar Tala. Ragahav Menon in The Penguin Dictionary of Indian Classical Music states (page 45) that Dhammar Tala is one of fourteen matra-s in four unequal sections. “The first beat is the Sam, second beat is on the sixth matra, the eight matra is empty or khali and the eleventh matra is the next beat.” Aban E. Mistry observes (Pakhawaj Aur Tabla, page 30) that while there is no clear record whether or how Mridang was used for accompaniment with Dhruva-Gan or Jati-Gayan, use of Mridang or Pakhawaj with Dhrupad-Dhammar, if not in written form at least in practical form, is recorded since 15th century. The Dhammar taal is given as
Most texts record Dhammar as Dhrupad-Dhammar for a reason. This style of singing was an offshoot of Dhruva-pada which employed several tala-s (many of them like Brahma Taal, Laxmi Taal, Nishang, Parvati Rochan have fallen into disuse out of complexity) and involved wider variety in poetic themes. Dhammar deals only with theme of love revolving around Krishna. Dr. Lalmani Misra states(Tantri Nad, p. 50) that Dhammar presentation of any Dhrupad artiste sounds similar to Dhrupad compositions. Almost all dhrupad singers have traditionally sung Dhammar as well but authentic information regarding its genesis is not available. Prabhu Dayal Meetal’s observation in his Braj Ki Kalaon Ka Itihaas that Dhammar might be a link between Dhrupad and Khayal is based on absence of Dhrupad’s stately somberness in the other two. Meetal himself refers to an observation of Shambhunath Mishra that Hori differs from Dhammar in the use Raga Kafi alone with taan, palta, khatka, murki in Khayal fashion instead of astounding rhythm patterns characteristic of Dhrupad like dugun, tigun, tigun, adi, biyadi, kuadi, ateet, anagat etc.
In the poetry of Dhammar there is description of Holi played by Gop – Gopi-s, Radha and Krishna. For example, text of Dhammar composition in Brindabani Sarang runs:
Braj dhoom machi aayo hori ke khilaiya!
Bhari bhari pichkarin rang daarat
Abir gulal munh rori ke malaiya.
Braj is filled with festive joy as Holi-players gather
They splash colours filling their pichkari-s (cylindrical device for splashing coloured water) again and again
And rub others faces with abir, gulal and roli paste.
After a vocalist has presented serious Dhrupad compositions he finishes off with a Dhammar much in the same way a Khayal singer might round off his presentation with a lighter Dhun, Thumri, Kajri or Hori. It may construed to be the reward for listening patiently to the serious composition.
The Vaishnav (Pushtimargi) sect tradition which started with temples of Braj over five centuries back and was popularized all over the northern belt of India has been kept intact as Haveli Sangeet. The celebrative singing also expressed itself as dance. Because of its pace – madhya laya – Dhammar was initially more a form of dance than singing alone. Modern artistes have sometimes presented it in slow pace, but traditionally the rhythm supported dance. Yet, today it exists as a singing style only.
Apart from the celebrated singing duo, Ustad Rahimuddin Fahimuddin Dagar, Abhay Narain Mullick, Ram Chatur Mullick and Sumati Mutatkar are known for their Dhammar presentations as well. Siyaram Tiwari, Udai Bhawalkar and Phalguni Mitra too have sung Dhammar compositions.
Reference:
The Penguin Dictionary of Indian Classical Music. Ragahav Menon
Pakhawaj Aur Tabla. Aban E. Mistry
Tantri Nad. Dr. Lalmani Misra
Braj Ki Kalaon Ka Itihaas. Prabhu Dayal Meetal
Details of books cited.The Closest We Got
Every day lately I’ve been waking up energized, thinking, “Aha – today I will clean the house, answer those urgent emails, organize at the bakery, etc etc . . .” Today, I had big plans to finally get some holiday spirit going here at our house – a Christmas tree, and gathering some greens around the neighborhood.
Well, the closest the kids and I got was listening to holiday music while driving to search for my lost clipboard (containing vital shipping information), and going to pick up a staff member who was, luckily, excited to come up to the farm and help us repair some fencing so our horse and sheep would stop visiting the neighbors’ front lawns. I’m deeply grateful, for all those who help us with all that we do, for a sunny day and a chance for my children to play on pile of logs, for a delicious homecooked dinner shared together. Grateful for this earthly, immediate, grounding work, which keeps me from getting swept up int he consumer madness and the crafting frenzies. The decorations, the clean house, the to-do list will happen . . . or they won’t. Either way, I’m trying to keep my head up this December, remembering to Take Joy, remembering to sing.
Adrie,Hang in there,remember every new day is a chance enjoy the kids and maybe get a little something done,all chores will be there when we get there,I promise!!!I am doing the same and going on that rule right now,my house feels like a bomb,the kids are nuts,haven’t finished 1/2 my xmas presents,cookies aren’t made,but we cuddles a sick baby yesterday,read literally 23 stories and wrote santa letters,I did good!!!!Its the small things that matter!!!!Remember the kids won’t remember what mom got done,as much as mom was there for hugs and love always!!!You are an amazing mom,remember that too!!!!HUGS,HUGS Hang in!!Love and Blessings!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
Thanks Holly! And thank you for your kind words on Sunday – it really helped me so much to know that you still get mystified by these amazing, challenging little angels in our lives.
Love,
AdrieWhat I never, but should have anticipated was how crazy wild my boys love the elders! They constantly ask if the Elders are coming for dinner and I get a dejected moan when the answer is no. Just hearing them trying to wrap their mouths around all the difficult sounds to pronounce Elders cracks me up!
This Elder Ault in particular gets a kick out of McKay. He asks to see McKay's karate "moves" every time they see each other. This elder always stands as a greeter at the door each Sunday which means McKay often joins us a couple minutes later in our seats because they have to have their interchange.
I love the spirit they bring into our home. I love having them as personable role models for my boys. I enjoy the reminder that I need to be sharing the gospel with those around me. And they remind me of my brother Matt serving in Brazil right now. It sure was good to hear him on Christmas Day! Such a crazy thing to be conference calling with him in Brazil fresh out of the MTC, another brother in DC with a new little baby boy, and most of the family at home in Kennewick WA all at once! Wild time we live in!
Been chewing on some thoughts to share, but haven't taken the time to write during the holidays. We sure had some good fun and food with family and friends!Net Control
Standard Script for the WX1CLA Weather Net Control Operator (rev. 2015-01-25)
[OPENING THE NET]
(Listen first, begin when frequency is clear.)
[IDENTIFICATION / INSTRUCTIONS]
This is [YOUR CALLSIGN] opening the WX1CLA Weather Net.
Is there any emergency or priority traffic at this time? (Listen briefly, then continue.)
In the event that the repeater fails we will switch to simplex on the output frequency of the repeater. You can do this by changing your shift/offset to OFF or ZERO or by programming into your radio another entry that uses the repeater frequency without a repeater shift.
[CHECK-INS]
Nothing heard, I will now accept checkins ONLY. When checking in, please give your call sign, your location, and if you have traffic.
Please call now. (Record all check-ins for the log.)
So far we have ____________, _____________, _____________, ____________, and ____________.
If your station was not listed, please call again now. (Listen briefly, then continue.) (Repeat as needed.)
[CALL FOR TRAFFIC]
I will now call for the stations who have traffic in the order they checked in.
Calling _________________. Please state your traffic. (Listen, record traffic, then repeat as needed.)
[FINAL CALL FOR CHECK-INS OR TRAFFIC]
If any other stations have traffic or wish to check in, please call now.
[STANDING BY]
This is [YOUR CALLSIGN], net control for the WX1CLA Weather Net.
If any other stations have traffic or wish to contact Net Control, call “WX1CLA” and then your call sign.
WX1CLA is standing by.
[PERIODIC ROLL CALL]
(On the :00 and :30)
This is WX1CLA doing a periodic roll call for the Weather Net. Stations who have previously checked in please call now. (Record all check-ins for the log.)
Any stations who have not checked in please call now with your call sign, location, and if you have traffic. (Record all check-ins for the log.)
(Close with “Standing By” section above.)
[CLOSING]
Is there any further traffic for the WX1CLA Weather Net before I close? Please call now.
Hearing nothing, this is [YOUR CALLSIGN] closing the WX1CLA Weather Net.
Thank you to everyone who checked in and contributed valuable weather data.
I now return the repeaters to normal amateur use. This is [YOUR CALLSIGN].
[IF NET CONTROL DISAPPEARS DURING THE NET]
If net control becomes unresponsive, another station should take over as net control. Announce you are taking over as net control and commence a roll call to establish who is still on frequency.
If the original net control station returns, offer to pass net control back to them. If they do not wish to resume net control, continue as net control.
(Proceed with the “periodic roll call” section above.)
[IF THE REPEATER FAILS DURING THE NET]
If the repeater stops functioning and is no longer available, switch to the output frequency of the repeater and continue the net. When the repeater comes back online resume normal operations on the repeater.#4 Megan Castor
2017 (Sophomore)
Academic All-NSIC
Appeared in 34 games and made 12 starts her sophomore season... Batted .091 with two hits in 22 at bats... Came in and pinch ran in 16 games this season and scored 10 runs... Had 14 putouts and 17 assists as an infielder.
2016 (Freshman)
Appeared in 33 games and started 13 during her freshman season... Tied for the team lead with 13 appearances as a pinch runner... Hit .154 in 26 at bats... Had two RBI and scored eight runs.
Prior to BSU: Was a five year letter winner in softball as a Dilworth-Glyndon-Felton Rebel...Was 2013-2015 all-conference winner and 2014-2015 all-section 8AA in softball…Was a member of the honor roll and the National Honor Society.
Personal: Daughter of Jeffery and Jennifer Castor... She was born January 27, 1997... Majoring in Elementary Education.Bali Quad Discovery Tours
| updated: 23 May 2009, 04:09:01
Want to try and experience highly adventurous with special 4-wheel ATV to explore a rural hamlets or using Inflatable Tube to discover a hidden canyon of Bali?. Bali Quad Discovery Tours wants you to share our feeling as to be a part of the “Island of the Gods”.
The best way to find out what Bali is all about is to go on a tour.
Bali Quad Discovery Tours will bring you to a place where other people don`t go, and by letting you drive your own 4-wheel motorbike or even ride canyon inflatable tube, you can explore this unspoiled, authentic part of Bali in a very adventurous way. And you will see that this combination gives you an unforgettable memory of your holiday to Bali.
About Bali Quad Discovery Tours
Bali has much more than what we can imagine and for the people who want to experience what Bali is really like, Bali Quad Discovery have developed some unique off road adventure tours with quad bikes and buggy  experienced guides by driving between beautiful rice fields, pass the rainforest, and drive up the mountain and cross some riverbeds. It doesn’t matter if you have ever driven a quad bike or buggy before, as the bikes are user friendly, and everybody will get a detailed instruction and practice on the spot before we start the tours. For those who like water adventure, Bali Quad Discovery has Canyon Tubing Adventure which provides you inflatable tube with EEC standard safety to drift down the exciting river stream.
We Drive You into The Heart of Bali
What makes our tour unique is the fact that we reach the most hidden spots on the island, where we meet the friendly local people, and we mostly use small tracks which are also used by them. To ensure that we don’t disturb the environment, and to give all our participants a maximum of assistance and service, we normally drive with small groups with a maximum of 6 bikes only..
ABOUT THE TOURS
Bali Quad and Buggy.
Only one hour driving from all main tourist destinations, but yet so pure and authentic, and not yet touched by the influence of tourism. In the area one can find some of the most beautiful sawah (rice fields) on the island, without the presence of many tourists, as you will find in other parts of the island. The area here is famous for its salak fruit, or the so called “snake fruit” (this as the skin resembles the skin of a snake). Snake fruit can only be found in a few places in the world, besides in Indonesia also in Malaysia and Thailand. Aficionados of the salak claim that those grown in Bali are the best found anywhere in Asia. The flavor of a ripe salak is intriguing, neither sweet nor sour, faintly nutty, with an excellent crisp texture. Also many palm trees can be found in the area around Payangan. The cocos palm is being used for lots of different purposes. The strong wood serves as a construction material, the leaves are used for doormats and baskets, and furthermore the cocos palm delivers cocos milk and cocos oil.
Besides this vegetation, a wide selection of different fruits and vegetables grow without difficulty in the fertile lava soil, and are mainly used for own purpose by the local people, or traded on the local market. While driving through the forest, our Quad Discovery Tour makes a stop at a traditional house, where the people live without any modern comfort, but all different kinds of fruits and vegetables, as well as herbs and plants for medical purpose, grow richly around the house. The people are completely self supplying. The guests can see all different kinds of plants and trees, like rambutan, papaya, jack fruit, coffee, avocado etc. etc, and taste local coffee, prepared on a fire (with aqua) and salak fruit. During the tour, the guests will pass various temples, that truly contribute to the saying ”island of thousand temples”, as temples can be found everywhere in this area.
The length of the tour is approx. 18km, driven in 2 hours. After the tour, an extended lunch buffet is served in the restaurant.
Let`s discover the real Bali in an exciting and unique way!
Bali Canyon Tubing Adventure, the only adventure that brings you so close to the unspoiled nature of Bali! Drift down the exciting Siap Stream in Payangan area in your own inflatable and discover so many different species of plants and animals. It`s in.
Let`s Float, Fly and Have Lots of Fun
Combination Challenges Package
Bali Quad Discovery combined with Rafting.
For the guests who just want more and more, for them we developed some bigger challenges. If you are really planning for a full day of unforgettable activities in Bali, and you’re not afraid of lots of water, you should join us on this top of the line tour. In the morning or afternoon depending on the schedule you will join the exclusive quad tour, while driving your own 4-wheel motorcycle. At noon we serve you an extensive hot lunch buffet in the restaurant. There upon we bring you to the Ayung river (Telaga Waja river on request) for your second adventure. The river, that twists through the landscape like a snake shows us some astonishing views. The professionally trained guides take care of your safety while you explore the beauty of the island of Bali in a trilling 2 hours of descending the river After arrival at ending point, after taking a refreshing shower, have some relaxing time in restaurant, while enjoying your second lunch buffet of the day.
Bali Quad Discovery Combined with Elephant Safari Park Taro.
Experience some unique adventures in one day with your family. After your finished ATV`s or Canyon Tubing adventure, we will take you and your family to the Elephant Safari Park in Taro. Nowhere else you will find a place like the Elephant Park in Taro, where a herd of 27 Sumatran Elephants is gathered and well-taken cared of. Have a look at the Elephant museum, go with your kids for a ride on the back of an elephant during a 35 minutes safari ride tour, enjoy the elephant show or just relax at this beautiful maintained park.
What to Bring:
* For The Quad and Buggy Tours
You need solid shoes, a pair of extra clothes, sun screen and sun glasses.
* For The Tubing Adventure
We recommend shorts or swimming suit, t-shirt, sport or river (no heels), some extra clothes.
* And, most important, don’t forget to bring an adventurous spirit!.
Pick Up Schedule for Quad, Buggy and Tubing:
RatesThe tour rate is based on per person
- Air conditioned return transfers
- Driving instruction lesson / safety and paddling techniques instruction for rafting (in accordance with adventure specified)
- Morning/afternoon tea, snacks and soft drinks
- Hot Lunch Buffet
- Driving your own Buggy / ATV / Tubing / use of first class rafting equipment (in accordance with adventure specified)
- $US 50.000 personal insuranceJerry Dirmann is the author and founder of OPERATION: SOLID LIVES. He was a youth pastor in a Foursquare Church, and later the National Youth Director for the Foursquare Church and now the Senior Pastor of the Rock Foursquare Church in Anaheim, CA. It was in 2003 that the Lord impressed Pastor Jerry.
Welcome to AWC’s online library of Legislative Bulletin and CityVoice news articles and other updates.
Published on Friday, August 8, 2014
AWC is rolling out stories from across the state as part of our efforts to draw attention to the need to restore funding for local infrastructure. The “Good” stories highlight projects that succeeded largely due to funding through the Public Works Trust Fund. The “Bad” highlight important projects that have been left unfunded or made more expensive due to the sweep of the Public Works Assistance Account. We have published “Good” stories about projects in Camas, Kennewick and now Hoquiam, and “Bad” stories in Chelan and Tukwila. Check out how this all adds up to the “Ugly”Escape Jungle Forest Out Game
You are having a boating in the lake going to the nearby jungle. When you arrived at the jungle you chained and locked your boat for safety purposes. Then you enter into the jungle and explore the place. Then after a couple of hours exploring the jungle you decided to go back and go home. You go to your boat to sail going back home, but there is a big problem. You lost the key of the lock on your boat, maybe it fell off when you are exploring the jungle. You are now trapped in that place. You need to find the key you unlock the chain and escape from the jungle. Escape Jungle Forest Out is another new point and click game made by Games 4 A Day. Good Luck!This game is from Games 4 A Day.It is August, 2011 and as licensed pharmacists, it will be no surprise that we are two years in to a definite shift in the pharmacy human resource environment. Having been the CEO of PharmSt... Read more
In the past eighteen months, there has been an almost insidious change in pharmacy manpower needs. If you have been in the same job throughout, you may have only noticed these changes in a c... Read more
National Pharmacist Day is celebrated on January 12th of each year. Not only do pharmacists serve in a vital role throughout the healthcare system, the pharmacist profession remains as one o... Read more
You have put in your time. You have paid your dues. You have studied and studied and studied and……well, you get the point. You strut up on stage and you finally get your diploma you've been... Read more
Rx Times® - Copyright © 2006 - 2017. Rx Times Media, Inc. All rights reserved.Preston North End 4 Swindon Town 0: Beckford hat-trick seals promotion
Preston North End halted their play-off hoodoo as Jermaine Beckford scored a hat-trick in their 4-0 victory over Swindon Town.
Jermaine Beckford scored a hat-trick as Preston North End secured promotion to the Championship with a 4-0 demolition of Swindon Town at Wembley..Women deserve respect
Aztec Press Editor | Nov 10, 2016 | Comments 0 young woman they saw in a skirt or dress. I asked why and without hesitation they said, “They’re hot.”
During the conversation, they said, “Respect is earned, so if you dress like a slut you will be treated like one.”
There is nothing OK with cat-calling. It’s demeaning and it won’t get you anywhere. Cat-calling or grabbing a woman repeatedly after she has requested that you stop is not right.
Women deserve respect. Just because they are wearing a dress doesn’t mean they should be looked down upon.
Why should women be symbolized as a sex object? Women are not there to please men.
It happens everywhere, whether we’re at a store or a bar. If we’re dressed provocatively, someone will most likely come up to us and — trust me — they don’t have good intentions.
Every time I go out with a group of friends, there is always an annoying guy trying to make out and buy drinks. He will later expect us to “pay back” the drink he bought, and not with money.
I’ve seen young women forced to do things they don’t want to do just because of a drink, or because men were drunk and wanted pleasure at the moment.
Women are expected to dress a certain way. When they show a lot of skin or party too much, men see them differently. On the other hand, men can do whatever they want and society doesn’t say anything.
Women deserve respect no matter how they are dressed or act. The type of men who disrespect women are not real men.
My advice to fellow females: Respect yourself enough to not accept disrespect.
My advice to men: Before you do anything stupid or try to disrespect a woman, think about it. You are also disrespecting your own mother.
Arlaeth Ramirez studies journalism at PCC and plans to transfer to the University of Arizona next fall.
About the Author:ASUAF Recap- February 10, 2013
Ian Larsen/Sun Star
Feb. 10, 2013
Senators present
Daniel Strigle, Micheal Golub, McKinley Zakurdaew, Ashley Strauch, John Seiler, Michael Collingwood, Simon Ortega
and Mickey Wilson
Senators a
bsent
Ayla O’Scannell, Michael Magnan and Beth Steele
Officers absent
Mari Freitag and Dillon Ball
It’s student money and they want it now
SR 180-001 “A resolution Regarding Changes to the Financial Aid Disbursement” bill was sponsored by senators Magnan, Colingwood, Wilson, Strauch and Zakardaew. The new bill changes the financial aid policy to disburse the aid before classes begin instead of the week prior. This bill shows the dissatisfaction of students with the new system. In order to resolve this, SR 180-001 will urge UAF administration to reconsider their changes to the disbursement policy to the original system that was set in place. The bill passed with a 8-0 vote.
I have a great idea
During the meeting, senators discussed ideas to possibly start a holiday “publine” for events such as St. Patricks Day, Mardi Gras and other holidays in which students can take a bus from campus to local bars to help students get around town safely during these events. Liability issues are being researched for this new idea.
Senator Seiler suggested that ASUAF work with Concert Board and KSUA to host a dance for students under 21. “There are not many events for students under 21 on campus, so a dance would be a good idea,” Seiler said. Most senators agreed with the idea, and the fiscal aspect of the dance is being looked into.Posted by likeschocolate January 06, 2014 Gotcha "Snapshot Sunday" Share Get link Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Email Other Apps 25 comments
How do you like the frozen Lemonade from McD's? I have wanted to try and haven't yet?
Bring it on!
Best wishes from Germany!
Pools in Georgia and in Germany, cool!! And glad to hear you are finding ways to be connect all the family even when apart.
♡
P.S. ~ Have fun with those balloons!
I used Adobe Photoshop CS5 to correct colors. The technique I've used is explained here:
n♥The mayor’s spokesperson, Erica Derryck, issue a statement on May 1 claiming that Schaaf’s plan’s use of the revenues is “consistent with the goals of the measure.”Until they decide it's not that important after all....”
Wednesday, May 03, 2017
Sugarcoating
When is money meant for health not used<<Singer upset his wife's boobs were secretly photographed
Jordan tries to keep her newly reduced assets well covered at her book signing in London
Peter Andre is upset that pictures of Jordan’s breasts were published.
The snaps, taken by paparazzi, showed close-ups of the glamour model’s boobs appearing lumpy and swollen.
‘I was totally devastated to see that pictures of my wife sunbathing topless were taken while we were on holiday,’ Pete rants in his New! diary.
‘We had been together for the whole day and as soon as I left the spot where we were sunbathing, a snapper managed to get a picture of her.
‘Kate didn’t realise she was being papped. Of course, I think she looks great, but I want to be able to go certain places and not have to think about whether we are being watched or not.’
In December, Jordan, 29, whose real name is Katie Price, flew to the States to have her 4th boob job – to reduce her 32FF cups to a more modest 32D.
But she is due to have a corrective operation later this year after admitting she’s unhappy with the result.The article first aimed at identifying important theories and research which have beensuggested to explain why people use substances. Over the years the research field has becomeimmense and scattered, to some extent divided and specialized, which restrains the potentialof knowing what matters most. A second aim was therefore to show how these variousaspects could be incorporated into a common theoretical framework. Three central theoreticaltraits were identified in the literature, suggesting that substance use is affected by laws andpolicies in society, norms and behaviours of others and people’s individual characteristics.This fits well with the Situational Action Theory suggesting that individual and environmentalfactors matter, but that the interaction between them is most important, and further clarifiesthe patterns and links between different explanations. This is helpful when determining thereal causes of substance use and might further assist in selecting between various policyapproaches..
Shelly,
Thank you for ALL that you do. I benefited tremendously from yours and Morty’s work and always enjoyed our 1:1 sessions. My heartfelt condolences to you and your family – Morty was truly a GEM!
With much Love & Gratitude,
~Tanya Scotece
Oh my goodness. I had no idea that Morty passed away.
So very sorry to learn this.
My sympathies to his entire family and close friends.
Morty was such a great man I’ve really enjoyed the natural confidence program so far and have listened to all his podcasts and watched his videos r.i.p
Dear Shelly, I am so sad to hear that an amazing personality like Morty is no more. I am really impressed by his teachings and your teachings too.
Lots of love to you Shelly.
Hi,
I just came across Morty’s belief elimination process 4 days back and the ease of use and results are amazing.
I am happy for your completion of journey in this life form and moving on “Having lived a life of making a difference in human form and continuing to make the difference as formless through the work U left behind for us and generations to come.”
THANKS
I’ve written my comments in FB before. Even after a couple of months, at times, the profound loss hits me over and over. And i’m a total stranger. I cannot even begin to imagine the ache in your hearts. He was a wonderful soul. Loving. Non judgmental. Thank you for continuing his work. Stay strong. Hugs.
So sad to hear of Morty’s passing. The belief elimination process has made a big difference to my life, I could not imagine living without it now. Thank you Morty for sharing your work and good luck to his family and business associates with continuing it. Rest in peace Morty.
Hey – I just discovered this program and have been enjoying the elimination of beliefs program. I had no idea that Morty had passed!! My most sincere condolences to his surviving family. Wishing you all well!
-Frederick
I’m just finding out about this and I’m very sorry for your loss, I said to myself why isn’t Morty sending anymore so I back stepped through all your previous emails to find the last one sent by him, it was a real shocker. His method really helped me remove my emotional burdens and believe in myself again. Mortgage will truly be missed, I’m sure he helped plenty of people. I pray God comforts you during these times and blesses you and your family.
Sincerely, Tyree
Shelly – I wanted to send my love to you and your family – I know Morty would say it’s not necessary for any of us to suffer, but I have to say, he will be sorely missed!! Him and his work have been an endless source of inspiration for me and countless others – he saved my sanity and my life when I was in the depths of despair – what words could I ever say that would be enough to thank him for that!?!? All my love, Renee
The most beautiful sight we will ever see. . . is the Dawn of Our Enlightenment!
Dear Shelly and Family,
I can think of no words so say, other than I Love you.
Thank you for allowing the world to share in your family and life.
Thank you for offering so much help and so much love and kindness with your work. Many blessings and love to you and your family for doing so much for so many.
I always felt Morty’s sincere desire to help others. I am grateful for his core message about not assigning meaning to events in order to stay calm and centered. I think about his message often when I am feeling overwhelmed. Thanks so much Morty, you made a difference in my life.
My sincere condolences to the Morty’s family. Morty’s life teachings helped me a lot to really know myself. Thank you.
Shelly,
God bless you and your family. The Lefkoe Method is a brilliant program and I look forward to using it for the rest of my life. Morty, with this concept & program, opened my eyes to a problem that has haunted me for ages. I thank the Universe for allowing his teachings to cross my life’s path. I’m sure he’s in a great place and I wish you and the family he had a great future.
Be blessed!!
What can I say but thank you! Like so many other people, I have been influenced by Morty in a great way. If not for him and his Method-along with his patented delivery I would not be the person I am today. Thanks so much for your Presence Morty, and Bless your family too!!
The Lefkoe method has helped me dramatically personally and in my therapy with clients. The Lefkoe family is also to special, warm, fun and loving. Sending so much love and good feelings.
Shelly and family:
Though I did not know Morty personally his work which is rooted in kindness and love has touched me. May God comfort your loss.
Peace to your hearts.
Sincerely,
Garrett
Shelly,
I am so sad to hear about Morty’s passing. He was a great man and his amazing work will never be forgotten!
Amit
Oh I just noticed this now about Morty’s passing..so sorry! Thanks Morty for sharing your knowledge with everyone..you will be missed.
Dear Shelly and Family, I am so very sorry for your loss. May Morty’s “new journey” be as helpful to those around him as this one was. I enclose a Native American Prayer which I hope will console you during those times that sadness rears its head. Take care. starshine of the night.
I am present in a quiet room. I am in all the flowers that bloom.
I am in the birds that sing. I am in each and every lovely thing.
Do not think of me as gone for I am with you still in each new dawn.
that is beautiful Alana. Thanks you
Thank you so much for creating your freedom courses. These techniques are helping me to walk in freedom in areas that I’ve wanted to “let go of” for a long time. Thank you for sharing your gifts with the world!
Dear Shelly, Blake, Brittany,
I am so deeply sad for your loss and for the loss of such a compassionate man who touched and will continue to impact so many people’s lives.
Morty’s work has impacted my life in so many ways that words cannot fully express. I am forever grateful for the wonderful man he was, the patient and kind ways he coached everyone, and for his passion to help people live happier and more fulfilling lives.
Morty will forever be in my heart and in my thoughts. I would not have been who I am without Morty’s work and warm support.
With all my love,
Pantea
Thank you Morty for helping to free me from my beliefs. I live a much fuller, richer and healthier life because of you and everyone I come into contact with benefits as well. You planted seeds of love and understanding in every person you helped and I know your work will live on. You’ve affected so many people’s lives with your own. What a beautiful thing you did. My deepest condolences to you Shelly and to the rest of Morty’s family and friends. I hope it’s comforting to know his memory lives on with so many of us that he helped. Love to you all.
God bless
🙁 Sorry for your loss.
It took me until now to get my thoughts together enough to write something here. First of all, I’m very sorry for your loss – not only for Morty’s family, but for everyone who was impacted by his work.
When I saw Rodney’s note in my inbox, I was initially shocked, and then saddened…and then I felt regret, that I didn’t take the chance to study with Morty even more. And finally, I felt an extreme sense of gratitude for everything that Morty and the Lefkoe Institute have done for me, and as a result, for my family.
I don’t know that I can describe in words the degree to which my life has improved thanks to Morty. I went from being extremely fearful – a 9 / 10 – to being able to walk down the street and talk to random people. My relationship with my wife improved. I learned to experience reality, to listen, rather than to react. My sense of peace and contentment in the world became an almost everyday thing. My spirituality deepened. And I was given the power to change my beliefs. To be in control of my life – and also to allow things to be as they are. I learned to love others – even random strangers. I even got the chance to help a few people dissolve limiting beliefs, and to watch them change almost instantly.
And that is just the beginning.
I am so very grateful to all of you – and I especially want to thank you for continuing to offer classes and to spread his work.
I cannot imagine what my life would be like now had I not come across Morty’s work.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Love,
Liane
Thank you Morty for being You and for sharing your bright light in the world. My condolences to your family, friends and many students.
With love from Linda
Shelly, Blake, and Brittany, I’m so sorry to hear about Morty’s passing. He has (and you too!) changed countless lives for the better. I’m so thankful to have come across his teachings and ways of helping us rethink and change our beliefs for the better. I will never forget getting to interact with him during some of the courses I took. I use his philosophies daily when I talk with my kids and when I work with my clients. Life changing work that will live on forever. That is a legacy to be proud of.
Much love to you.
-CaitlinGigi DAgostino Logo
- Title:Gigi DAgostino Logo
- Category:MUSIC
- Posted:27 October 2016, 17:10:32
- Views:74
- File type:image/png
- File size:82.2 Кбайт
- Resolution:450x448 px
- Total downloads:Download this
Different types of logos are used in all spheres of modern life. Today it becomes very hard to create the one that might look unique and would not violate anybody`s rights. At Gigi DAgostino Logo one will find thousands of various logo examples that are related and can be used in all spheres, from business to different types of entertainment.Download Gigi DAgostino Logo0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic..198 seconds with 35 queries.© 2002-2018 Taperssection.com
Website Design by Foxtrot Media, Inc., a Baltimore Website Company
SMF 2.0.7 |
SMF © 2014, Simple MachinesI've been trading profitably for three years, doing it for a living for two. I've developed a trading system that brings in some pretty nice profits however it's "slower" than what many of you are used to. I might place a trade a month and I might hold a trade for 6 months ... a year isn't terribly uncommon. However I very rarely have losing trades, my risk/reward is almost a joke it's so tilted towards the "reward" side ... and I really don't need indicators or anything else. The basics of the system are as follows: 1) Use the 1 month chart to find a pair that is trending ... any pair, I even look at the exotics. Don't get fancy, just use your eyeballs. 2) Use the 1D chart and wait until you can see consolidation against the trend (4 candles minimum opposite the trend direction) then wait until you see the trend resume, now place your trade. 3) Opening the position should be a maximum of 1% of your account value, set a stop loss for 5% 4) Figure out where the support/resistance point for the trend is using the one month chart ... place a take profit stop on the position at 100 to 200 pips before that point is hit 5) get away from your computer and go enjoy your life This is an ENORMOUSLY profitable system. It does take some time to have a few trades in the pipeline so to speak making you trading profits, but once you get there you can really make A LOT ... past performance no indicator of future results and all that but I make more doing this than any lawyer or surgeon and my trading takes me an hour or two at most two or three days a week. i have a PDF that describes the full system and the mentality behind it and everything else. Check it out and let me know what you think.Graceful, airy fountain-like habit - light beige flowers. Leave begin as light green and develops a blue-green color as the season progresses. Non-invasive
Care:
Panicum is native grass that is very easy to grow..
Copyright © 2018 Roane Grown Nursery, 359 Chestnut St., Spencer, WV 25276
Adapted for Roane Grown Nursery by SystemsManager TechWhat Search Engine Optimization Solutions Could Do For Your Online OrganisationJust what are SEO solutions? Well, you have actually definitely heard about the entire buzz raving SEO services. Let's aim to describe this principle from the very start. You probably have a site now and also are eager to obtain whatever going in your online business. Keep in mind that your website could just be helpful as well as rewarding if it could be discovered by online individuals. The more online visitors you have, the even more revenues you will certainly gain. SEO is brief for seo, as well as SEO services are everything about boosting your website's online presence as well as to earn sure online search engine will easily find it. Once your website is accessible and internet search engine friendly (SEO Friendly), people willbe able to locate it since over 90% of on the internet individuals use search engines to locate details online.
Look engines take account various elements when making a decision on search result positions. SEO services are all about hiring someone to do all the job to make your website ranking high in search engines.
Technically, SEO solutions are not the like online marketing. Marketing your site online comes in several forms. Search Engine Optimization is merely one of them, as well as among the most efficient ones for that issue. SEO services permit your site to obtain discovered not simply by any kind of online customer but by potential clients. Drawing in targeted web traffic right into your website will certainly lead to more sales and more revenues.
Whether you are a multi-national corporation, a small or average neighborhood organisation, you deserve the online presence and visibility that SEO services can offer. Whether you deal with people from all over the world or just have a tiny little corner in a little community in Arkansas, Search Engine Optimization solutions will enable people to get to you and know about your business.
SEO solutions usually include Search Engine Optimization professionals that get a hold of your website, tweak about with its contents and also style to make it more pleasurable for search engine indexers. More compared to any person, Search Engine Optimization services providers are geared up with the knowledge, the tools, as well as the tricks to get you the focus of significant search engines such as Google, Yahoo!
SEO is not merely about the search phrases. Dependable Search Engine Optimization solutions provide your web site the website importance that is needed for search engines to identify simply how important it is in the on the internet world.
SEO services could provide your website clicks which are way extra reliable compared to marketed clicks (think about pay per click advertising and the sort). A thousand clicks from marketing campaign that reels in withdrawn clients might just deserve just one click from SEO which gets you one that is truly interested. With SEO solutions, you will certainly have much better opportunities of getting clients that are really thinking about just what you have to supply.
In the on-line world, it is asserted that your web site may just be as good as your Search Engine Optimization. There is no far better method to do it than getting Search Engine Optimization solutions if you want to maximize your success in your on-line venture. Make the most traffic and also revenue out of your website; get great Search Engine Optimization services to let your target market know about your internet based organisation and be on your way to success.
SEO is short for search engine optimization, as well as Search Engine Optimization solutions are all about boosting your website's on-line presence and also to make certain search engines will easily find it. SEO solutions permit your website to get noticed not just by any online user however by possible customers. helpful site SEO services usually learn this here now involve Search Engine Optimization specialists who get a hold of your site, fine-tune around with its contents and layout to make it extra pleasant for search engine indexers. Dependable SEO solutions use your web site the site importance that is needed for search engines to acknowledge just how important it is in the on the internet world.
If you desire to optimize your success in your on the internet venture, there is no far better way to do it compared to getting SEO solutions.I 100% chose this for the title. Because it’s genius. If Beth Harbison did anything right, it’s the title.
Quinn always thought she was lucky in love. She was marrying her high school sweetheart, Burke, the man of her dreams. Or that was the plan, at least, until his brother Frank told her that Burke had been cheating. Instead of it being the happiest day of her life, Quinn’s wedding day was the worst. She ran away from the altar, with Frank in tow.
Ten years later, and Quinn still lives in the same small town. She makes personalized wedding dresses, and does not fail to see the irony in helping people get ready for their own weddings. Her life is going well (if boringly) until both Burke and Frank come back to town.
Now Quinn must face both brothers and attempt to find some closure. She needs the truth from Burke. And she needs to know what Frank feels for her, past their two-night-stand all those years ago.
One thing about this book, is that there is A LOT of dialogue. Quinn is constantly using her BFF Glenn as a sounding board for her feelings. They hash and rehash what happened, what Quinn wants to do now, how she feels about both brothers. It gets mildly tedious, but it is reflective of how some people think. Especially in light of a betrayal and broken relationship.
There were some funny moments and likeable characters, and it does have a happy ending. Plus the title. Seriously.Smjjith surname in our family history documents is from 1909, and we currently have 30 records where Smjith appears. Here are a few more facts to get you started…
Smjiths had very few recorded occupations in the 1901 Census.
Smjiths had very few recorded places of residence in the 1901 Census.
It seems all Smjiths were law-abiding. We found no criminal records.
No Smjiths were recorded as serving in the First World War in Findmypast's records.
Become one of the millions of users who are building their family tree with us. Create yours today for free.You can download Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Choose affair decorations that reflect your teenager’s personality.
You still bethink the blimp animals at her fifth altogether party. Now those blimp animals are put abroad in bins. Music aftertaste has afflicted from blithe piano to agitation guitars and her creamy dresses to adult threads. She is axis sixteen and you acquisition it arduous to accept affair decorations that bout her age. Do not fret: bless the fun and active personality of your teenager. Decorate alfresco of the toy box, whether you accept a affair affair or blush palette. There are abounding active and ablaze decorations accessible or you can actualize your own.
Encourage alarum by blind sparkly gold or silver-beaded curtains in the access to the affair room. Drape a banderole highlighting the altogether girl’s name or adhere tissue cardboard poms and garlands. Enlarge a adolescence photo and affection it in a glittered frame. Have guests assurance the photo and present it as a allowance afterwards the party. Whether the affair is at home or in a feast hall, accomplish use of the doorways and walls.
Make decorating the tables and chairs an agreeable activity, all-embracing the party’s affair or colors. Go acceptable by accoutrement anniversary armchair with bolt and accepting with a bright award or accept article simple yet fresh, abacus cardboard flowers or tissue cardboard poms to armchair backs. Dress up anniversary table with a solid-color tablecloth, application the centerpieces to accomplish a adventurous statement. Place bonbon dishes in the average of anniversary table abounding with the altogether girl’s admired sweets. Use best candlesticks, mirrors, armament and beginning flowers to adorn the tabletops.
Party decorations do not stop at the tables and chairs. Get artistic back announcement drinks and platters. Use canteen alcohol dispensers, bottomward in absolute bake-apple slices such as lemons and oranges. If you accept disposable cups and plates, go with colors that bout the decor. Add little flags with the name of the bowl to anniversary platter. Actualize alone baptize canteen labels announcement the accident advice and date. Keep patterns simple, acceptance the aliment and refreshments be the focus.
Put the “sweet” in candied 16 by adorning the ambrosia table with adorable decorations. Actualize a bonbon bar, application canteen jars for her admired candies and treats. Provide anniversary bedfellow with a bright bag or box that they can ample and booty home as favors. Whether it is a fondant brace of shoes or boutonniere of beginning daisies, affectation a block acknowledgment that represents article she loves. Sprinkle bright cardboard flowers or armament on the tabletop. Back your jailbait is the focus, there is no end to affair adornment inspiration.
New England built-in Jacy Pulford began autograph in her youth. She has appeared in “The Hartford Courant” and in 2012 authored a book advantaged “The Palace Keepers.” She currently writes home decor-related, faith-based accessories as able-bodied as family-relationship themes. She is a certified autogenous decorator.
Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home – simple birthday decorations at home
| Allowed for you to my website, with this occasion I will explain to you about keyword. And today, this can be the very first photograph:
What about image previously mentioned? can be of which amazing???. if you believe so, I’l m explain to you some impression once more below:
So, if you would like acquire all of these magnificent photos related to (Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home), click on save link to save these pictures to your laptop. These are available for obtain, if you want and want to take it, just click save symbol in the post, and it will be instantly downloaded to your notebook computer.} Finally if you like to have new and the latest photo related to (Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home), please follow us on google plus or save this blog, we attempt our best to provide daily up grade with all new and fresh photos. We do hope you love staying here. For many upgrades and recent information about (Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to present you up-date periodically with fresh and new pictures, like your exploring, and find the right for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home) published . Nowadays we’re delighted to announce we have found an extremelyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is (Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home) Lots of people searching for information about(Ten Shocking Facts About Simple Birthday Decorations At Home | simple birthday decorations at home) and definitely one of these is you, is not it?
Download by size:Handphone Tablet Desktop (Original Size)Camp Out/
This weekend, the Ryno team headed out for another campout, but this time, we camped 'race style.' We selected a nice warm spot in the hills, pulled off the side of the trail, laid down straw, and rested for a few hours with Amanda Gecas and her team from Boundary Kennel. All the dogs settled into the straw (Amy took awhile to settle down-she was just so excited) and were resting like pros. As I sat by the fire, watching closely, I thought, "wow, these guys are natural campers!" Not ten seconds later, Katy stood up and her harness slid off her shoulders onto the ground. Yes, Katy aka "Scissor Teeth" had stealthily gnawed through her harness as she appeared to be curled up sleeping. Well, I guess that's why we practice! After a few hours, we bootied up and hit the trail for another run. The team was stronger on the second run than the first! Even though we had one harness casualty, the double run and campout was a success!
What are the pups doing while the big dogs train? Watching football with Derek.>>.
Submittal Requirements
- The City of San Diego requires three sets of plans for tenant improvement projects with all disciplines (architect, mechanical engineering, structural, plumbing, etc.).
- Five sets are required for large projects when review by several departments and divisions is required.
- A set of plans consists of a plot plan, drawn on a 1/8″ to 1′ scale, and floor plans, drawn on a 1/4″ to 1′ scale.
Plan Requirements
Plans must be submitted on 24″ X 40″ or larger paper form and a Mechanical Certificate of Compliance form on the plans
Details and notes on the plans should address such items as:
- Disabled access requirements
- Emergency and exit lighting
- Seismic code requirements
- Exiting
- Occupancy separations and firewalls
- Light and ventilation
- Restroom details
- Any other information necessary to demonstrate compliance with current codes, local ordinances and State regulations
Medical and dental offices and restaurants require additional information.
- When non-flammable gas cylinders are stored in medical and dental offices, the plans must include details of the storage room with one-hour fire rated walls and proper venting.
- Medical and dental gas systems require special inspections.
- Restaurant plans must show details of the cooking hood, grease ducting and roof outlet. Calculations to justify the sizing of the cooking exhaust system will need to be provided. Restaurant applications require a set of plans reviewed and approved by the San Diego County Health Department.
Additional Requirements
- A letter stating the greatest number of employees, which will be present in the establishment at any one time, is also required.
- The City of San Diego Fire Department will require a set of fire sprinkler plans. They are normally submitted to the Fire Department after Building permits are issued.
The Plan Review Process
- Following the review of plans, you will receive either a list of plan comments, which requires revision and resubmittal of the plans, or approval of your project.
- If approved, permits may be obtained.
- Permit fees will be provided.
- An application expires if permits are not obtained within 180 days of initial application.
Additional Information
For additional information contact Jaime Partners for all your pre-construction needs.To Be Built: The Heron Model starts at 2,172 heated Square feet and offers 3 bedrooms, 2.5 bath, a study, and owners suite located on the first floor. The design includes an open concept layout with the kitchen open to the dining area and great room. Options are available to personalize layout with additional bedrooms/bath, basement, and outdoor living space. Sawgrass North is an established, gated, and maintenance free community that is located only five miles away from being toes in the sand at Rehoboth Beach, with everyday conveniences within a 1.5 miles radius of the community (without going north or south on Route 1.) The Sawgrass North community has in place amenities which include two clubhouses, two pools, tennis courts, fire pits, tiki bars, andSo far, the Xbox One is losing to the PS4 and desperately needs a system seller. From its flashy and amusing E3 demo, it looked like Sunset Overdrive would be the one to sell the Xbox One. Sadly, it’s not. The result is just a generic open-world game employing elements from Crackdown and Infamous while failing to be as good as either.
Article by Garrett Duncan
Sunset Overdrive is all about having fun and making fun of video game conventions. A few jokes made me laugh out loud, and the re-spawn animations that reference everything from Terminator to Portal are hilarious, but the story completely failed to capture my attention because it’s practically nonexistent.
The basic idea is that Fizzco, an energy drink company, is releasing a new drink in Sunset City called Overcharge. The player’s nameless, customizable character is picking up trash at the launch event for the new drink when suddenly everyone who drinks Overcharge starts turning into crazed zombie-like freaks called Overcharge Drinkers. Fizzco closes off Sunset City to contain the outbreak and keep it a secret. The goal is to escape the city and expose Fizzco.
You start off the game by creating your own character from an impressive array of options. While not nearly as customizable as Saints Row, there are still plenty of options to set your character apart.
The real appeal of Sunset Overdrive is its crazy parkour system that allows you to bounce off of bushes, grind on power lines and run along walls. The biggest problem is the game doesn’t give you the air dash ability that’s crucial to successful rooftop hopping until about five hours into the game. Up until that point, expect to be hitting the ground a lot. The parkour system is so unsatisfying without the air dash I was about ready to stop playing four hours in. My immediate reaction when I finally unlocked the air dash was “Oh thank God.” The game opens up quite a bit with the air dash and, once I got the hang of it, hopping around the city became really fun and is easily the best feature of the game. It’s really satisfying to successfully traverse long distances with just chaining jumping, air dashing and grinding.
In fact, doing so is heavily rewarded. Insomniac intentionally made travelling by foot boring and cumbersome. First of all, there’s no sprint button so you’re stuck just jogging slowly and it’s super easy to get swarmed by OD if you’re not jumping around all over the place. While it’s cool that the game encourages constantly being on the move and looking for verticality, it shouldn’t be so boring being on foot, especially early on in the game when the air dash isn’t unlocked and you’re still getting used to the parkour system.
Because of the need for constant movement, combat can get pretty insane at times. It’s a lot of fun sliding around on power lines and jumping on cars while trying to shoot at enemies and avoid their attacks. My eyes actually got sore a few times while playing the game because there was so much going on. The extreme vibrancy of the color palette definitely adds to the craziness.
Speaking of the graphics, they’re excellent. The city looks incredible with its bold colors and crisp textures. The game also stays running silky smooth even with tons of enemies attacking you at once with explosions going on all over the place.
It’s hard to talk about an Insomniac game without talking about the weapons. There’s a total of 22 guns in the game. The highlights are definitely the TNTeddy that fires exploding teddy bears, the Acid Sprinkler that sets out mobile turrets that spew acid all around them and the Hairspray bomb that fires clusters of explosives to cause maximum destruction. There’s also a decent levelling system that provides a number of character upgrades in addition to various weapon customization options.
Most of the missions are generic retrieval or defend the base missions. With a couple exceptions, the missions are pretty forgettable.
Sunset Overdrive is a fun game and can easily provide 20-30 hours of entertainment, but its flaws hold it back from being anything great and it’s definitely not the system seller the Xbox One needed. It’s silly, forgettable fun that requires a fair amount of patience to get into. It’s worth playing if you want to, but if you never get around to it, you won’t be missing out on much.I'm a naturalist! I'm also one of the developers around here, so if you have any problems or ideas, please let me know in our Google Group. Oh, and my real name is Ken-ichi Ueda, in case you were wondering.. Turns out I'm not!
If.
Elsewhere:
* BugGuide contributions
* Moth Photographers Group photos (I don't have any control over these, I think they just pick stuff they want from BugGuide after obtaining the photographer's permission)
* Tree of Life contributions
* my field guides on Goodreads
* my pitiful eBird profile pageAre companies prepared for the Chinese New Year walk out?
Emma Dale, co-founder and managing director of specialist PR recruitment consultancy Prospect, offers seven handy tips to ensure the best agency talent doesn't walk away after the holidays
Tennis world displays united front following BBC and BuzzFeed match-fixing allegations
Tennis authorities have displayed a united front in rejecting claims from the BBC and BuzzFeed News that the sport's governing bodies are suppressing reports that match fixing may be widespread in the sport.
OMD China fights off three opponents to retain media for Danone water brands
OMD China is tipped to have retained Danone's media planning and buying account for its two water brands in China, Mizone and Health, following a competitive pitch.
Global recession fears mount amid market turbulence
Investors trying to cope with one of the worst starts to a year on record are beginning to weigh up the possibility of global recession, as oil prices hit 12-year lows and Chinese growth fears leave markets with little room for optimism.
Renault to face government commission over emissions tests
Renault is set to be hauled in front of a French government commission on Monday afternoon to explain why tests carried out in the wake of the Volkswagen scandal showed its cars exceeded emission limits.
In latest battle, Uber notches win over New York City
Mayor Bill de Blasio's office released a highly anticipated study that found Uber and competitors — referred to in the report as app-based electronic dispatch or e-dispatch services — have not significantly added to city congestion.
THIS auto stock is tipped to double in 2016
Volkswagen stock-holders may be about to see some light at the end of the tunnel.
Brought to you by PRWeek Asia with additional editorial support from CNBC
Attention conservation notice: 700 words on a stupid op-ed about how academics dress. Contains ludicrous over-generalizations about the rhetoric of cultural criticism. Don't you have paint to watch dry?; longing casual, second-hand reflection on how "in DiMaggio's day ... [t]he men wore white shirts and ties under coats and hats, the proper attire in public, even at a ball game."
This is a style of cultural commentary which drives me up the wall, so I try to avoid it. for what Jensen says he wants. It refers to consequences, rather than insinuating some mythical intrinsic desirability; it is also an argument with empirical premises, and one susceptible to balancing — how much extra effectiveness is the extra expense, hassle, restriction of personal choice, etc., of this mode of dress worth? Supposing that, at the margin, I would be a slightly more effective teacher if I wore a tie, is that worth enough (to me? to my students? to my university?) to make up for wearing something so utterly ridiculous, an arbitrary self-sustaining convention made silk? One could imagine a reasonable essay which went into these points, backed them up, thought through the trade-offs.
Jensen, on the other hand, just wants to take his internalized norms, however transparently parochial ("faculty members shall dress in a way that would not embarrass my mother"), and pretend that they are the maxims of universal laws, as well as purporting to tell us what various cultural changes mean or signify. This is by far the more common rhetorical mode when people try to criticize manners and customs, and it strikes me as deeply stupid. Or at least deeply stupid to be moved by, since it gives you no reason to believe that acting as the author wants will make things better. However, I must confess that it relies on the strengths of East African Plains Apes (emotionally manipulating conspecifics, devising intentional explanations) and not their weaknesses (establishing quantitative cause-effect relationships, balancing diverse objectives). I have no idea whether this mode of argumentation (if it can be called that) achieves its object, supposing that to be persuasion, and not, e.g., making the like-minded feel better about their shared views.
John Dewey once wrote that, so far from their being no point arguing over tastes, there are actually few things so worth arguing about; but I don't think Jensen's essay was the kind of thing he had in mind.
Update, next day: I'd be remiss if I didn't point out that Jensen could also have tried to persuade us that the way academics dress is just plain ugly, and the world would be at least a bit more beautiful if they adopted his dress code. But I think it's fair to say he doesn't attempt that, either.
Manual trackback: Quantum of Wantum; Matt McIrvin; The Quantum Pontiff; Brad DeLong; Cosmic Variance; 3 Quarks Daily; Need Coffee; The Inverse Square Blog; Physicality of Words; the Monkey Cage; Entertaining Research; Weirleader's Lair
Posted at February 09, 2008 19:26 | permanent linkCBS GP Playlist
A playlist of the CBS Great Performances recordings has been created by a reader, Germán Reyes (thanks for the work!). As per the notes …
I do love the ‘Four Seasons’, never get tired of it, and have about every imaginable recording of it in every performance …
I needed another set of Beethoven Symphony recordings about as much as I needed another Brahms set, not to mention Bruckner or … …
Sometimes, it is easy to miss the works of a famous composer. While I have some selections of Thomas Tallis’ choral works …
Go For Baroque! Greatest Hits Of The 1700s
RCA Victrola VICS-1687
from 1972 – an Erato recording
Domenico Scarlatti’s works for keyboard were originally composed for the harpsichord, but never mind that. Horowitz’s piano brings out these works in …Vive la France
2/18/18
3:00 PM to 4:00 PM
$15-60
Peggy R. McConnell Arts Center
777 Evening St., Worthington, OH 43085
(614) 431-0329Get Details
Details
Program:
DEBUSSY: Petite Suite
SAINT-SANS: Cello Concerto No. 1, op. 33, A minor
GLUCK, arr. Felix Mottl: Orfeo ed Euridice: Dance of the Blessed Spirits
RAVEL: Le Tombeau de Couperin
This lively and romantic program pays homage to great music written by French composers who lived between the end of the 19th century and the Second World War.
Claude Debussy, Maurice Ravel, and Camille Saint-Sans are three of France's most beloved composers. Regarded as a musical revolutionary, Debussy is associated with musical impressionism, although he rejected the application of that term to his music. Ravel also rejected the banner of impressionism and saw himself more as a classicist who synthesized traditional structures and forms in combination with innovative approaches to melody, harmony, and rhythm. Saint-Sans music relies on the tried-and-true forms of the Classical tradition, as reinterpreted by the Romantics.
Though not French, Christoph Willibald Gluck had an enormous impact on French opera, reforming it with an emphasis on dramatic depth and pacing over vocal pyrotechnics.
This program presents Debussy's Petite Suite, a work originally for piano four hands and later arranged for orchestra by Henri Büsser. The melodic and harmonic simplicity of the music contrasts starkly with the modernist works that Debussy was writing around the same time. Saint-Sans' technically demanding Cello Concerto No. 1 will be performed by the Columbus Symphony's principal cellist, Luis Biava. Gluck's Dance of the Blessed Spirits from his opera Orfeo ed Euridice beautifully exemplifies Gluck's revolutionary principle that in opera, music and poetry should never overstate the emotional depths of the messages thy are meant to convey. Ravel's Le Tombeau de Couperin is a lovely Baroque-inspired suite, each movement of which is dedicated to the memory of a friend of the composer who had died fighting in World War I.>>IMAGE Clemson. A print is now on display in the lobby of the American Sport Art Museum and Archives (ASAMA) at the Academy.
DAPHNE, Ala. – As the 2016-17 college football season kicks into high gear after three weeks of high profile matchups, the United States Sports Academy’s College Football Game of the Year Award series is in full swing.
The first three weeks of action saw the Texas Longhorns upset Notre Dame 50-47 in double overtime to earn the season’s first Game of the Week honor. In the second week voters selected another double overtime game which saw the Arkansas Razorbacks top the Texas Christian University Horned Frogs 41-38. For the third week, voters selected North Dakota State’s 23-21 upset win against the Iowa Hawkeyes as the Game of the Week..
A blue ribbon panel of 17 members consisting of former college football coaches and athletic directors and including Academy faculty selects the weekly winner of the Academy’s College Football Game of the Week Award by ballot. The committee is chaired by former U.S. Naval Academy athletic director Jack Lengyel..”.The first senior moment, as Michele was to call it, was completely forgetting she might call in late this morning. I did have the prospective vandalism today of our stair railing on my mind. I didn’t in fact remember her until seeing her on Lower George St.
My being hailed by a Mears man from the back of his caged lorry counts as the second because he was assuming a familiarity I couldn’t account for at once while myself assuming I must’ve encountered him since he worked for my landlord. He’d been the fire safety man I’d helped by organising the neighbours. He didn’t think I’d have much chance with the ombudsman who’d, as suspected, support the authority over vandalising the railings that has as yet not occurred today as promised.
The third moment was being pursued into the block by somebody I did recognise but whose name I couldn’t recall. From the poetry centre card he showed me it was, of course, Laurence. He’s a depressive worrier. As Greg has said, “You attract all us crazies.”
I’m as pacifying as a baby’s dummy dipped in whisky or some other spirit.Russian Olive NAF Flute – Key of F# 432 Hz – 307 Series
One of my favorite woods to build flutes out of is a wood called Sassafras. I making it difficult to work
with. I have found a somewhat available source for this species and if I look hard enough for the right piece I can find enough lumber to get a flute blank or two out of it and when I do I am on my way to a really nice flute.
This six hole flute features a 7/8″ bore and features our Teton Spike fetish design and both the flute body and the fetish block were hand crafted from the same piece of Russian Olive. Unique to some my flute designs is a hand crafted step just in front of the windway. This flute was finished with more than 25 hand applied coats of glossy lacquer. This is a very nice playing flute and not so long that you can easily pack it with you when you travel as it measures 23 1/2″ measured on the top.
What I love about this flute is the simple elegance and natural beauty that Mother Nature as instilled into flute. Voiced in the Teton’s I am humbled by the amazing voice from this little flute.
I have tuned this flute to the healing frequency of 432 Hz making this a very pleasing flute to listen to as well as play. I
If you are interested in this flute email me at timjen333@gmail.com or call me at (307) 690-0427 with questions.
SOLD – AVAILABLE FOR COMMISSIONCannot change screen size from 640x480 after 14.04 installation on VirtualBox OSX [duplicate]
Hi,
using Ubuntu 8.04 as host and VirtualBox 4.2.24 - I can't install VirtualBox 4.3 on my host, because there is no more support for Ubuntu 8.04 in the latest release of VirtualBox.
I created virtual machine and installed Ubuntu 14.04 as guest. During installation screen resolution was decent (not full screen but decent - I could normally install Ubuntu). After installing Ubuntu guest and restart screen resolution went to 640x480 and "xrandr" command displayed 640x480 as the only resolution.
I installed VirtualBox guest, restarted guest and no help. Searching the web and found out the following article: ... esolution/
which states there is a bug in VirtualBox and it is fixed by 4.3.10 - yes sure I don't use 4.3.x series, because I can't.
I downloaded the VirtualBox guests addittions 4.3.10 from ... 4.3.10.iso and installed inside VirtualBox 4.2.24! guest Ubuntu...
I am installing FreeBSD 10.0 on VirtualBox, and I can't figure out how to change the size of my screan, in the virtualbox?
The freebsd in the virtualbox treats my screen like it's 1/4th the size of my actual screen?
I want it to fill my screen without the text and images expanding.
Answers
use vidcontrol MODE_xxx
For example to have a screen 1024x768x24, in the console :# vidcontrol MODE_280
To know which mode you can be interested in, in the console :# vidcontrol -i mode
The left column gives you the number you have to put after MODE_
use Scaled Mode in VirtualBox (View -> Scaled Mode), this will fill the entire screen (regardless of what mode you set using vidcontrol in your FreeBSD...
Low resolution scaling full screen mode - virtualbox, When running games such as starcraft (and very likely any game set to a lower resolution then the screen's potential), virtualbox fails to scale the image up to. Virtualbox/ubuntu full screen mode resolution - super user, I created an ubuntu 14.04 desktop vm using virtualbox, and installed guest additions. by default, at startup, vbox wants to present the guest's gui in a parrticular. Changelog-5.0 – oracle vm virtualbox, Changelog for virtualbox 5.0. this page lists all changes of the virtualbox 5.0 releases. all branches: 5.1 · 5.0 · 4.3 · 4.2 · 4.1 · 4.0 · 3.2 · 3.1 · 3.0. Home - lifecare, Extraordinary work-life solutions to everyday problems improving employee productivity and loyalty is good business for any business.. Osx: converting parallels vmware virtualbox - ben frain, This post is a step by step explaining how to convert a parallels virtual machine to a virtualbox virtual...
Before I answer your question, I have some assumptions: Say you have a directory like this$ ls -1 myMusics music1 music1.flac music1.mp3 music2.mp3 music2b.mp3 music3.flac music4.flac music4.wav music5b.flac music6 music6.mp3 music6.wav
In the directory above, only music1.flac and music4.flac duplicates will be removed, because music2.mp3, music2b.mp3, music3.flac and music5b.flac have no duplicates to be removed, and although music6 has duplicates, non of them have .flac extension. I've also assumed that there is no file such as music1.backup.flac in your directory. If such files exist, they will be treated as music1.flac duplicates ( if any ).
Based on the assumptions, you can do so:$ shopt -s extglob $ for i in `ls | egrep .flac$ | sed 's/\.flac$//'`; do rm "$i".!(flac);done 2>/dev/null $ shopt -u extglob
Now let's see what the above commands do:Second one lists all the files that have .flac extension at the end (ls | egrep .flac$), then removes the...
EDIT: 28/03/14 – Virtualbox 4.3.10 is now out – it is recommended to download this now together with 4.3.10 virtualbox guest additions and the issue below is resolved
However – it is also likely that if you just download the 4.3.7 or later guest additions and install in your v4.2 or 4.3 series this should work – but remember this is an unsupported configuration.
EDIT: 8/09/14 – as one commenter mentioned some people have been also had luck with the following package install:
sudo apt-get install virtualbox-guest-dkms
Restart the VM afterwards.
The latest updates of Ubuntu 14.04 is broken in virtualbox 4.3.6 – the screen no longer resizes and is fixed at a very low resolution. It also appears all previous versions of virtualbox that is available in the repositories are also affected.
Attempts to reinstall the virtualbox guest additions does not fix the issue. Instead in the terminal you see this error:Building the VirtualBox Guest...
Note this link will take you to a very recent update of VBox to version 5 which I don't yet have; it must have updated at some point today.
EDIT:
I have just this minute updated to the new VBox 5 direct from Oracle, but found that it gave a very dark screen as though running at about 20% brightness, which was not possible to change.
Your situation my be different, of course, but if the version 5 is unsuccessful for you, I suggest you stick with the older version available from the repos, or get it from along with the appropriate version of the guest...
Would it not be great to be able to run OSX on a virtual machine? Now you can*! All you need is a disk image of the retail DVD of “Apple Mac OSX Snow Leopard 10.6” and you can install it inside VirtualBox. Alternatively if you have a Mac (or know somebody who does) you can create a bootable image of (the free) “Apple Mac OSX Yosemite 10.10” and install that version. Instructions below.
Apple Mac OSX Snow Leopard 10.6
You need:VirtualBox 4 ISO of retail DVD for “Apple Mac OSX Snow Leopard 10.6” (buy here) Follow instructions carefully
Open VirtualBox and create a virtual machine named “osx”. Then close the entire VirtualBox application and go to the command line. Run:
Open VirtualBox again and start the virtual machine. Mount “Apple Mac OSX 10.6 Snow Leopard Retail.iso” and install. After installation (30 minutes) the system will reboot and it is ready for use.
Apple Mac OSX Yosemite 10.10
You need:VirtualBox 4 Bootable...
UPDATE: For Mac OS X Sierra please follow this post How to install Mac OS X Sierra 10.12 on VirtualBox? Windows 8.
1. Download pre-installed VirtualBox image from following link
Mirror 1
:
Mirror 2
:
Mirror 3
:
For mirror 3, use HjSplit to join the files back. It’s about 7GB. HjSplit is also in Google Drive...
After having first tried installing the Guest additions, which didn't work, I found another solution elsewhere: linuxbsdos.com.
Use Xdiagnose from the Dashboard. Search for and launch Xdiagnose, then enable all the options under the Debug section. Click the Apply button, then close the window and restart the system.
That's what finally did the trick! Now I get 1024 x 768 resolution instead of 640 x 480.
I never uninstalled the Guest additions, so it might be I needed to take both these measures.
---------- EDIT ---------
I have come to realize that the solution described above is just a fallback, in case installing the Guest Additions failed for some reason. I have finally managed to successfully install them, and can now choose from a bigger range of resolutions in the display settings. Here is how I did it, after having tried all of the above.
One thing I had already tried earlier wassudo apt-get install virtualbox-guest-dkms...It is 1973. The Endangered Species Act is passed in the United States. Wikipedia adds:).Michael Waldman, Melody Peevy, Todd Chanon, Stephen Waldman
WALDMAN BROS, Employee Benefits & Risk Management
ERIC PRINGLE, WAYNE REDOVIAN, ANNIE GRENIER WRIGHT, CHIP BOWEN
INTEGRATED PEOPLE SOLUTIONS, Executive Recruiting
Sunny Nunan, Founder and Chairman
Sunny Nunan is President and Founder of Core24, a Dallas-based company founded in 2009 that provides mid market companies with instant access to exceptional, vetted business resources through Core24.com, a single source business resource platform. Sunny is also founder of The Admin Awards, a program inspired by her Mother, a career admin, which was launched in 2012 that is the first of its kind to publicly recognize and celebrate administrative excellence among the Dallas business community. The program expanded to Fort Worth in 2014, with plans to expand nationally.
Sunny’s mission is simple, yet revolutionary. Provide the only local vetted business resource platform to executives and entrepreneurs searching for exceptional business resources and in the process, infuse some fun, excitement and uniqueness into the commoditized world of business to business services.
Prior to Core24, Sunny helped launch D CEO Magazine, a regional business magazine from The Publishers of D Magazine and the first of its kind in the region. Prior to D CEO, Sunny was a District Sales Manager for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines (RCCL) and was responsible for growing an $18M territory which she re-energized from a ranking of 86th nationwide to seventh – in less than two years.
A graduate from The University of North Texas, Sunny began her career in database marketing with Epsilon, a leading customer relationship marketing firm. As an Account Executive, Sunny supported mid market to Fortune 500 clients who relied on Epsilon to create and execute successful customer relationship & loyalty marketing programs.
Sunny is the recipient of the 2011 Entrepreneurs for North Texas North Star Award, a 2013 recipient of The Dallas Business Journal’s Women in Business Award and has been published on Forbes.com, covered by Dallasnews.com and in The Dallas Business Journal for her work as an entrepreneur. Sunny is a passionate supporter of various non-profit organizations including Entrepreneurs for North Texas, The Prison Entrepreneurship Program, Dress for Success, National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, Texas Tough, The North Texas Food Bank, Dallas Fire & Rescue, The YWCA (Dallas and Fort Worth) and is the founder of Poker for PTSD benefiting The FITCO Foundation’s Heroes Project Organization.
Sunny lives in Dallas with her husband Ben and two kids, Sydney and Scout.joint.
joint.
When you’re setting up a JV partnership with another company, your corporate identity will differentiate your business from your JV partners. While some business owners enlist the assistance of professional consultants, you can go far in creating your own corporate identity with these simple tips.
Logos
Corporate branding often begins with a company logo that allows customers to identify your corporation easily. The logo may include a symbol, specific font and colors that are unique to your business brand. It may be created by you or by a graphic designer who specializes in business logos. It is important to choose this logo carefully, since it will accompany your business in print and on the Internet to identify your business.
Packages
Once your logo is complete, you can design an entire corporate package that includes your business brand. Some of the print options for your corporate package might include:
- Business cards
- Letterhead and envelopes
- Invoices
- Promotional material
- Signage and advertisements
You will also use your logo to create corporate packages for the Internet, which might include:
- Your business website
- Links to your website through your JV partners
- Document templates (including quotes, proposals, invoices and statements)
Every place your logo appears, it should sport identical fonts, colors and symbols. This ensures your customers and potential customers will identify your business quickly and easily, no matter where they may encounter your company name.
Benefits of Corporate Identity
There are many advantages to establishing a corporate identity early in the JV marketing game. Some of the benefits might be:
- Customers easily identify your business in any medium
- You provide consistency and professionalism for your company
- Branding creates expectations and associations among your products
- Your business is more easily remembered than your competitors
- Your brand offers customers an inkling of what your business does and what it stands for
- Branding is an effective method of enticing customers to buy
- A strong corporate identity may persuade potential JV partners to work with you
Because there are numerous benefits to corporate branding, it is essential that you establish your corporate branding style before you begin the hunt for JV partners. This creates a professional image that makes prospective partners sit up and take notice.
How-To Guide
Once you have established your corporate identity, create a corporate branding handbook that explains everything about your corporate logo. This would include the fonts and illustrations used, as well as the precise size, location and coloring of the logo. A handbook ensures that your logo is correctly added to all of the business material that heads out of your business to reach new and current customers.
A strong, well-defined corporate identity exudes a professional image to everyone who comes in contact with your business. This effort at the beginning will greatly enhance all of your marketing efforts, including JV *North Korea suspected in vicious cyber attacks
Let the hacking commence.
Last month’s crippling cyber-attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment revealed confidential information of business practices, employee pay disparities and personal data, unpublished scripts, sensitive contracts, and ugly personal feuds between actors and executives. Experts say these secrets could damage the Hollywood studio for years to come.
Although an unknown hacking group calling themselves the “Guardians of Peace” has taken partial credit for the major cyber-leak, the FBI is yet to determine the culprit,
Rather than focusing on traditional targets of cyber-intrusions, such as credit cards, those behind the attack chose to use sensitive information as a weapon of vengeance for Sony’s supposed misdeeds.
The consequences for Sony have been swift and devastating since the public attack, exposing the media company to potential lawsuits and Hollywood backlash.
Perhaps the most damaging will harm Sony’s reputation, and the harsh reality that even the biggest corporate lines and computer systems are vulnerable to attack.
“There is a ring of fire around the trade secrets of Hollywood, and the value of executives is in their ability to keep confidences and secrets and to maintain a level of distance,” said Jeremy Goldman, an entertainment and intellectual property attorney for Frankfurt Kurnit Klein & Selz.
A humiliating email chain between Sony co-chairwoman Amy Pascal and producer Scott Rudin was among those leaked, with Mr. Rudin fighting over copyright issues for the forthcoming Steve Jobs biopic, “Jobs” (which was eventually lost to Universal), and pressuring Ms. Pascal to shelve the Sony remake of “Cleopatra” starring Angelina Jolie. Rudin called Jolie, who requested director David Fincher to direct the “Cleopatra” remake, a “minimally talented spoiled brat” while Pascal unsuccessfully tried to calm him down.
Even more incriminating leaks include an exchange of emails between Sony executives which criticize President Barack Obama, insinuating racist comments as Rudin and Pascal start guessing what movies and actors the President might like, each tied to African Americans.
“Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO [Unchained]?” Pascal asks in an email reported from BuzzFeed, to which Rudin responds, “12 YEARS [A SLAVE].”
More emails were released which reveal unflattering comments about big names in Hollywood such as Tom Cruise, David Fincher, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Hart, and Adam Sandler.
Pascal’s harsh words in the emails reveals a dark side of one of corporate America’s most powerful leading female executives, who became co-chair of Sony Pictures in 2003 and helped develop box-office hits like “The Amazing Spider-Ma”n and several “James Bond” films. apologize for any injury they might have caused.”
Because of the leaks, Sony executives are no longer corresponding via email but through text messages in a temporary effort to avoid further information exposure. Experts suggest that the studio may now have to pay its top-tier talent, particularly A-list celebrities like Jolie, three times as much as part of the damage control.
Possible link to North Korea?
FBI officials and investigators are also determining whether the cyber-attack is linked to North Korea, a reclusive nation with an increasingly potent hacking capability. Sources say the hack may have occurred in retaliation for Sony’s upcoming Christmas release, The Interview, a comedy built around a fictional CIA plot to kill North Korea’s supreme leader, Kim Jong Un, who is revered in the nation. North Koreans have repeatedly denounced the film, warning of “stern” and “merciless” retaliation, but the government has declined to comment.
The hacking into one of Hollywood’s biggest studios has alarmed US officials and cyber security experts, who say this is the first major attack on a US company to use malicious software designed to “incapacitate” computer networks.
“This is a step beyond what they’ve done in the past, but it’s a logical trajectory for them,” said James Lewis, a cyber expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
A State Department official declined to comment on the allegations, but said, “We are aware of reports about North Korean concerns about this movie. While it may be difficult for them to understand the concept, in the United States entertainers are free to make movies of their choosing.”
“There is no attribution to North Korea at this point,” said Joe Demarest, assistant director with the FBI’s cyber division.
Sony has also declined to comment on the growing suspicions or internal damage to the company.
Though there is no definite knowledge that North Korea is responsible for the hack, the country is remembered for its previous retaliation cyber-attacks against South Korean companies.
The FBI plans to meet with Sony executives to better train them in cyber security awareness, and is continuing its investigation of the alleged attackers.
(With reports from Reuters, Washington Post, FOX News, CNBC, and The Hollywood Reporter)
()
(LA Weekend December 13-16, 2014 Sec. D pg.1)Suspenseful and often chilling the movie Beyond the Reach showcases Michael Douglas in a role that engages his signature performance. His cold and calculating character here may offer a few scenes of déjà vu for some, but it’s an acting treat you won’t want to miss. Together with up and coming actor Jeremy Irvine the two put on a cat-and-mouse show that’s so intense at times, I found myself on the edge of my seat. Take a ride into a rocky desert with this sizzling drama.
Ben (Jeremy Irvine), one of the best trackers in Arizona, and Elaina (Hanna Mangan Lawrence) his girlfriend have been living in a trailer on the edge of the Mojave Desert for some time. Having been accepted at a college in Denver however, Elaina feels she must take the opportunity and assures Ben she can keep the long distance relationship going in spite of a long absence. As she leaves the trailer Ben gets a call from Sheriff Rob (Ronny Cox) that he has a tracker job for him.
He walks into the police station and gets introduced to John Madec (Michael Douglas) one of the most powerful international businessmen. Madec’s intention is to take down a bighorn Sheep to fill the final space among the other big game trophies on his wall at home. Ben’s Leary about the trip since a bighorn is the rarest hunting license one can get for big game and it takes more than big money to get one. Sheriff Rob assures him that everything is in order and he’s set to go. When they arrive at a basin in the desert however, Ben insists on seeing the license. So begins a story steeped in suspense and driven by egotistical arrogance.
First time director Jean-Baptiste Léonetti gets a lucky break with the fine cast, nice script and an excellent cinematic crew. He paces his film well creating good characters and putting them in a tight situation that has little chance of a good outcome. To create the best mood for his man verses beast script, he pits the headstrong and heavily armed Madec against a strong willed deputy, both in the hellish setting of an unforgiving desert basin. His cameras roll closing in on his two subjects as the audience witnesses a terror hunt that continues to a devilish finale.
Even though you can see evidence of a small budget, Douglas holds back nothing creating his corrupt character in the vein of his Nicholas Van Orton in The Game. Cunning and diabolical he hunts for forbidden game then turns himself on a human target with relentless rage. Although getting up there in age, you’d never know it as he delivers a tough skinned performance in the heat of the desert with challenging surroundings. Not bad for a 70 year old.
Beyond the Reach has been rated R for some violence. It also contains a very gruesome scene of death. Not for the timid or those that are easily grossed out.
FINAL ANALYSIS: A well-acted and photographed film for suspense lovers. (C+)
Additional Film Information:
Cast: Michael Douglas, Jeremy Irvine, Ronny Cox, Hanna Mangan Lawrence
Directed by: Jean-Baptiste Léonetti
Genre: Crime, Thriller, Drama
MPAA Rating: R for some violence
Running Time: 1 hr. 35 min
Release Date: April 17, 2015
Distributed by: Roadside Attractions/LionsgateYou must read this article “Creating cross tab queries and pivot tables in SQL” published on 27 March 2007 written by “Keith Fletcher. This article will answer all your queries on crosstab queries in SQL. don’t forget to read the comments section, as there are lot of queries and replies there.
Register Hereor login if you are already a member
Discuss This Question: 1  Reply
[Ed. note: TVWW Guest Contributor Candace Kelley has numerous areas of expertise to draw from in order to write for a website such as TVWW. In this particular case, she's putting on her TV producer hat and has something to say about the reality of reality television. - DB]
© 2018 TV Worth WatchingThe Wing House, Australia
A stunning example of form meets function, designed by Peter Stutchbury, The Wing House in New South Wales, Australia, is perched over Wategos Beach and backed by the beautiful Byron Bay Lighthouse Reserve. This culmination of engineering and architectural genius, listed on Unique Estates for a cool $7,000,000, is a combination of steel, timber, concrete & glass set over two levels with a ’wing-span’ roof of 27.5 meters.
Aside from making a striking statement, the ‘winged’ roof provides extra shelter over the outdoor areas, as well as filtering the bright Australian sunlight to the rooms within.
The 4 bedroomed home has a lower level guest suite that includes a kitchen and living space, plus a generous deck outside of the en suite sleeping quarters. Across from here, another bedroom can be found beyond the central garden and courtyard that is utilized as a home gymnasium. After a work out, a nice relaxing soak will ease the muscles in an outdoor bath tub.
A 22 meter lap pool is visible from the large kitchen, where a timber island forms a stylish centrepiece. Beyond the kitchen, an mezzanine level holds a home office, which also incorporates a handy sleep space, that is accessed via a step ladder.
The upstairs of the main home is designed to appear as a number of timber boxes, where a large timber door reveals a lofty open plan space with curved ceilings 7 meters high above. Views of the ocean can be relished from this elevated location, whilst kicking back in a sophisticated yet serenely uncomplicated interior.
A spacious deck runs off the living area, providing a great place for entertaining guests, enjoying an al fresco meal, lounging under the sun and following around to the swimming pool for a refreshing dip.
The glazed walls of the building create a smooth indoor-outdoor connection.Just a week to go on this 15mm kickstarter project:
Lots of great Cold War British and Russian stuff.
Sadly my finances won't allow me to subscribe to it but I'm sure lot will - as evidenced by the fact that it's already funded with lots of the stretch goals reached!
WIP Matchbox DAF Pontoon Carrier Trucks
1 day agoI wager if you understood a way to knock years of your age and stay healthy and in shape in your later life that you ‘d grab at it. I guess you ‘d reckon that it would cost you cash to expose that secret and it would involve a great deal of complicated things that in the end might not truly work. Well, my discovery is none of those things and I can assure you that it really does work because I’m living proof and so are my good friends. What is it, walking naturally?
Contents
Holistic Dual Diagnosis Rehab Facilities In Strawberry Point Iowa 52076
Once you include other conditions it becomes more difficult to recover, dealing with anxiety alone can be a tough trip however. Try to get the reigns on your depression prior to it totally takes control.
Dependency is a disease that can end in jails, institutions and death. It breaks the person with the disease, and it is a household disease dual diagnosis rehab , so it breaks the enjoyed ones around the individual too. Numerous households with addictive illness or history of same have physical abuse, domestic violence or sexual abuse as part of the history.
Is An Addiction A Disease?
Look for a 3rd or 2nd opinion until you discover the right match for you if at very first you do not find somebody that you feel listens to your concerns. Doctors are human after all and it is necessary and possible to find the best person to assist you on this journey.
Strawberry Point Iowa 52076 ADHD Dual Diagnosis Drug Rehab Center
Recognizing what matters most to you and welcoming it can make you let up on stressing over the stuff that does not matter. Worry and worry can make your depression worse and trigger you to experience anxiety signs also. It is not unusual for sufferers of anxiety to have a dual diagnosis treatment. For some it is a stress and anxiety disorder and for others it can be an issue with drug abuse.
Males and female differ in regards to reaction to combat. In a research study by the National Institute of dual diagnosis program, it was shown that the majority of 2-month couples (ages 18-21) avoided being reliant and intimate. The psychological tests showed that the response to conflict in males was more apparent compared with that in women. When there’s conflict in the relationship, male revealed increased stress and anxiety than ladies.
It’s too cold to stop. I need to select. Down or up. My body pivots, no feelings, no judgements. I’m too cold to believe. My left foot steps, my ideal foot actions, I breathe. My breathing is easy now, my actions are lighter. WHAT?
To Finish
Purchase this paperback or download it onto your e-reader, grab a glass of wine, and be prepared to laugh your butt off. It’s not every day you get to fulfill a mommy who trash talks cherished Nickelodeon characters or who refers to her kids as ‘the generate’. Between all that snarkiness, this is really simply a heart-warming tale about a hungover lady who likes her stinky children no matter the number of times they miss the bus.Aclculated Whisk
Fruits are healthy, delicious, and juicy — they keep you feeling refreshed. Plus, fruits make great additions to so many different kinds of recipes: drinks, entrées, and desserts. This week, we decided to make a classic summer fruit the star of SWAT (Sharing With A Theme) — strawberries.
...
More Content
.
G-Cloud 9 supplier list revealed
The new iteration of G-Cloud launches today, with changes intended to make it easier to find relevant services – view the list of 2,847 suppliers making it onto the framework.
NHS cyber attack forces week-long council email block
A council was forced to block all emails from the public and external organisations for a week servicesWritten byPatra Wroten
Whether you plan to toast the victor or just the end of campaign season, election night should be spent on the town. Here are some places to celebrate on November 6th!
Election Night Jam at The Kennedy Center – Jazz music will play over giant big screens showing election coverage at this free event.
Shooters in red and blue are on the menu at Kelly’s Irish Times for the Election Night 2012 hosted by Campaigns & Election magazine.
If you’re hoping for an Obama win, join the DC for Obama Election Night Celebration. Volunteers from across the country will be at Station 9 on U Street beginning at 8 p.m.
Hungry for a Republican victory? Dine with a member at Capitol Hill Club’s GOP Victory Buffet.
Ultra Bar is hosting a non-partisan party. You’ll need a ticket, but drinks are free!
In the spirit of its namesake, Lincoln Restaurant will bring all voters together with a menu featuring candidate-inspired dishes from both parties.
Politico magazine will have interactive election centers and its top pundits sharing conversation and cocktails with guests at its Election Night 2012 Celebration at The Newseum.I was on the phone a while ago with my friend, Debbie, from California and I heard a noise. Didn't realize until it was too late that it was Call Waiting. When Deb and I finished I listened to my phone message. It was Rob from Japan telling me how much he loves me and how happy he is that I'm his Mom. He also said that he was going to bed. It was nearly 2 AM there, so I couldn't call him back.
I'm sad about that.
But thrilled about the message. And I know Jill will call later today too. I'm such a lucky bug to have such wonderful kids.
Once, a guy I dated went with me to LA to visit Jill when Rob was there too. My friend said he couldn't believe the relationship I had with my kids...that we were so free and easy with each other, like friends. I told him that the best reward for being a parent is to have kids that grow into adults that you'd want as friends. Both my kids fill that bill for me. I enjoy their company so much.
I enjoyed working at CSz last night. Stayed later than usual because James, the manager of the LA company, was visiting his Mom in Milwaukee for Mothers' Day. It was nice to chat--remembering the fun of last year's World Championship, and looking forward to the next one in Los Angeles at the end of August. It's cool too that my friend Joanne and her boyfriend Lynn are both celebrating their 60th birthdays that week, so I'll be able to go to their party in Orange County.
Sometimes I think I should just move out there as Jill asks...it would cost me less in travel money. Except then I'd have to fly to Quincy to see my sibs. Guess the real answer is to win the lottery so I'm independently wealthy.
Too bad I don't play.
4 comments:
i forgot mothers day...
DOH!
Oh-oh. You're bad and in so much troublllle!
but i DID remember the UK Mothers day!
Good. Then you're okay, kiddo.Advertisement
A new survey has revealed that over half of young Canadians who have ever consumed an energy drink have experienced negative health effects including rapid heartbeat, nausea, and in rare cases even seizures.
Drinking "raw water" collected from springs and other so-called pure sources appears to be a growing natural health craze. Public health experts advise against embracing the fad, saying untreated water can carry a host of micro-organisms that may cause severe illness and even death.
The Public Health Agency of Canada says a deadly E. coli outbreak linked to romaine lettuce appears to be over.
Most babies in the U.S. are introduced to complementary foods too early -- before the age of six months -- according to a new study.
A U.S. researcher involved in a study on alcohol warning labels in Yukon that was halted after pushback from the liquor industry says caution messages have proven effective south of the border.
CTVNews.ca takes a look back at 2017's biggest health food trends, such as the Impossible Burgers, diets that focus on unprocessed foods and the Instagram-trendy unicorn food, to find out if they're worth following into 2018.
A bill designed to curtail food and beverage marketing aimed at kids is expected to clear legislative hurdles in the new year as the Liberal government tries to combat rising obesity rates.
A Canadian expert in food distribution says he is surprised by how long it is taking for a recall to be issued after one death and dozens of illnesses in recent weeks have been linked to romaine lettuce contaminated with E. coli.
1
Public health officials are advising people in eastern Canada to consider avoiding romaine lettuce because of an E. coli outbreak that is linked to one death and 40 illnesses.
Montreal is moving to ban the sale of sugary drinks in all of its municipal buildings and one of the city councillors behind the initiative hopes other communities will follow suit.
1
New research suggests that people suffering from multiple sclerosis may be able to reduce their symptoms by eating a healthy diet rich in fruits, vegetables and whole grains.
Ultra-processed foods account for nearly half of Canadians’ daily calorie intake with the rates for children even higher, according to new research.
1
A new study suggests that it is not only a mother's weight which can impact her child's heath, with researchers in Singapore finding that children with obese fathers are also more likely to also be obese themselves.
Drinking green tea is often cited as a great way to help lose weight. But green tea extract -- a popular health product that comes in powders, pills and liquid forms -- may be linked to rare and serious liver problems..
CTV News My Health.
Simply charming. Sweet double heart charm makes this sterling silver bracelet a wardrobe must-have. This toggle bracelet from Tiffany and co outlet drapes elegantly on the wrist for an easygoing, elegant line and pairs beautifully with 3/4-sleeve tops, tanks, and cap-sleeve dresses.
Product Features:Double Heart Toggle BraceletSterling SilverManufacturer: Tiffany & Co. jewelryMy motto for 2016 is trying everything new and being open to all water sports and activities. No surprise, windsurfing caught my attention and thanks to SeaYou, I had a chance to enjoy a one on one class on the beach of Sofitel hotel, Palm Jumeirah.
The class started with my instructor, Jamie, naming different parts of the boat and sail as well as telling me how to get on the board and pull the sail up .Easier said than done, yet i tried to do my best in following his detailed instructions.
One of the most important aspects of windsurfing is finding the balance. Yes, I know, it sounds very New Age or Kung Fu Panda like, but it is absolutely essential to find the balance and move very slowly and calmly…Else physics do their magic and you fall into the water in the most fun and ungraceful manner 🙂
Repeat that dozens of times and you get a really nice nose and mouth rinsing and a better sense of balance. “Don’t stick your bum out” was a phrase I heard a lot that day too which is one of the best advice ever if you want to avoid having loads of backspain after the windsurfing session.
Once I managed to stand on board and have some kind of control of the sail, I quickly got the idea of how fast I was moving as it was a rather windy hour. I felt a bit scared yet extremely excited to be moving on my own, this is when i ran all the way into the rope and had to wait for help to get away from it.
About half the class through, Jamie decided I was ready to go further away from the beach where I could sail freely. It felt good knowing he was near on a rescue boat in case I needed any help.
By that time I was pretty comfortable and really enjoyed the “play time”. I still could not do any of the fancy manoeuvres, yet the skills I already had were enough to choose the direction and control how fast I was going.
When I was getting tired, I enjoyed a short break sitting on the board and getting my breath back, preparing for the next attempt.
I was still very far away from perfect and would lose the control of the sail from time to time, but I was happy to be able to pull it right back all by myself without any help at all. I find pulling the sail quite challenging as it requires quite a bit of strength but it is easier achieved with a proper posture-having my back straight and using my entire body to help get it up.
Windsurfing is both fun and exhausting. It is indeed a great workout for the entire body and I feel the pleasurable pain throughout my body as I am writing this post. I got multiple bruises on my legs from jumping too quickly on the board yet it is all a fair payoff for the endless pleasure of conquering the waves, even for a short while and becoming one with the ocean.
If you want to try windsurfing, make sure you find a professional center and instructor to ensure your safety at all times. I highly recommend SeaYou for their expertise and professionalism, if you want to know more about the classes they offer check out their website
What a wonderful windsurf lesson you have had! 😍
thanks a lot, i loved it. Have you tried it before?
You mean windsurfing, wake boarding is still on the list!
Hi , I’m looking for mast extension chinook type please it’s old model a bit
Try checking the windsurfing in UAE group on FB for leadsRealPlots is one of the best B2B(Business to Business) directory in Kochi for posting your Ad without any cost. They provide free advertising of product and services in B2B directory. Since Web promoting and E commerce needs a lot of money and time small firms feels that it difficult to manage there business promotion online. If you are one of them you can reach your customers directly through B2B directories. Being our client you can amplify your Online presence, Improve your local visibility, Strengthen your business reputations etc, which increase the brand awareness of your product.
Source: Best B2B Directory Kochi2014 Volvo S80 Sedan, XC70 SUV and V70 Station Wagon Released: Details
For model year 2014, Volvo has much an enhanced range of vehicles starting with the Volvo S80, Volvo V70 and Volvo XC70. As per Volvo these models take the sophistication to the next level with features like new Drive-E powertrains, new intuitive Sensus Connected Touch system, enhanced IntelliSafe system, and the Active High Beam Control.
Starting with the Volvo S80, the sedan comes with a number of new exterior design cues. It features a set of bumpers (front and rear) that make the car look wider, new rectangular Daytime Running Lights, and optional 19 inch wheels. Customers also get to choose from three chassis types for the car – Comfort, Lowered Sport Chassis and Four-C (Continuously Controlled Chassis Concept).
Moving on to the Volvo V70, this station wagon is known for offering space and class-leading comfort complemented by an impressive boot space of 575 liters. With the rear seats folded down the amount of space can be increased to an astonishing 1600 liters. The tail-gate can be opened remotely via the key fob or the dashboard mounted button. As for the new features, the car comes with a wider proportion grille, Daytime running lights, chrome touches, new rear bumper and tailpipes.
Last but not the least the Volvo XC70 SUV comes with an all-wheel drive system and the optional Hill Descent Control. Exterior changes include new bigger ironmark, Daytime Running Lights, matte silver touches and optional 19-inches wheels. For a serious off-roader look the XC70 equips new skidplates, black cladding below the belt line and redesigned rear lights. Alike the V70 the XC70 offers 575 liters of space which can be increased to 1600 liters with all seats folded down. It comes with a power operated tailgate too.
As of now the cars are available with the new turbo diesel D4 and the petrol turbo T5. The D4 unit features i-Art technology which helps cut fuel consumption and puts out 181 hp and 400 Nm. The S80 consumes 3.8 l/100 km, while the V70 and XC70 consume 4.1 l/100 km (all manual). The T5 petrol unit produces 245 hp and 350 Nm of torque.
Other highlights of the new models include Sensus Connected Touch, Adaptive Digital Display, Active High Beam Control, all-new Ambient Light, Heated windscreen, Heated steering wheel and paddle shifters, IntelliSafe systems supporting the driver and more.THS PASS: Promoting Academic Survival and Success
The following is a collection of career and college information sites that can help students with career and college awareness, decision making, and planning. Created by: Michael Walters, LPC
Pages
- Educational & Career Options Quiz
- SODA: Career Development Strategy Quiz
- Softskills - Workplace Skills Quiz
- Post-Secondary Educational Options Quiz
- Softskills U.S Department of Labor Videos
- Career Infomation: Onet
- Career Theories
- Infonet: Career and Educational Information for Career Planning
- Holland's Interest Inventory: RIASEC
- Income and Educational Levels
- More Education = More Money
- Top 25 Fastest Growing Industries
- Apprenticeship Information
- Henry Ford Community College Career Programs
- Monroe County Community College Career Programs
- Schoolcraft Community College Programs
- Oakland Community College Programs
- Wayne County Community College Programs
- Michigan Colleges
- Send Transcripts: Parchment
- Colleges in the United States
- Career Clusters: 16 Career Clusters
- Top 100 Careers: U.S. News and World Report
- Training to Become a Plumber
- U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics
- Minimum Wage by State
- Job Zones: How Much Training and Education Are Required?
- Career and Educational Resources: Find Your Path
- Career Development Northern Michigan Unviersity
Monday, October 13, 2014
The College Application Process: Two Steps
Posted by continuouslearner at 6:10 PM No comments:
Fairy Tail – Blue Pegasus Symbol Necklace
$9.00 [33% OFF!]
In Stock
Shipping to USA / AUS / EU / Rest of the World
- Air Mail: 2 days prep + 10 to 21 days delivery
Proudly don this Blue Pegasus logo necklace. From the Fairy Tail series, the logo of the Blue Pegasas Guild is carved out on this high quality necklace Inclusive of a durable black rope necklace. A worthy buy for all Fairy Tail fans!
Related Products
Biography
Blue Pegasus Biography (Fairy Tail)- Pegasus Bio by Tsunade
Name: Blue Pegasus Master: Bob Type: Legal Guild Location: Unknown History: Blue Pegasus was founded by Bob and he is the first and current Guild Master. Bob was once a Fairy Tail guild member before he left and started his own. Blue Pegasus is famous for recruiting mostly female mages whom are striking and trendy. In contrast of the beautiful men and women members of Blue Pegasus, they are one of the strongest guild in the country. They were assigned as one of four powerful guilds to take down Oracion Seis, one of the strongest Dark Guilds. Members: Blue Pegasus consists of very few members. Only 9 members in Blue Pegasus are active. Karen Lilica who used to be a member of the guild, was killed due to a desperate decision to fight without her Spirits during an encounter with Angel.The shortcut button has many uses, the most common being to create a “mirror” of an asset on a site. This is similar to a copy and paste; however, by creating a shortcut of an asset, an asset can be duplicated on a site, and editing the properties of one version of the asset will affect all versions of that asset throughout the entire site. So, if you place a shortcut of an article on three locations on a site, editing just one version of that article will render changes on all three.
To
create a shortcut of an asset, locate the asset toolbar of the asset
you’d like to duplicate. In this case, the “Welcome” article of
the WebGUI demo page will be duplicated.
The shortcut button is at the far right hand side of the asset toolbar and resembles a curving arrow.
To create the shortcut, click on the shortcut arrow. A new tab, the Clipboard tab, will appear in the Admin Bar, containing the asset shortcut. The asset’s title will be displayed, so if there are multiple items in the clipboard you will be able to tell what is what.
go to the page on which you’d like to place the copy of the asset.
In this example, a copy of the “Welcome” article will be placed
on a new page layout. Simply click the asset’s title in the
Clipboard and the mirror of the asset will be placed on the page.
In
this example, you can see a duplicate of the “Welcome” article
placed on a new page layout. The asset is identical to the article on
the demo homepage.
Click on the “Edit” button of the original article’s asset toolbar. In the articles “Edit Article” screen, change the article’s content.
Click
save, and you’ll see the new content displayed in the article.
You’ll
also see that exact same content “mirrored” in the asset
shortcut, illustrating that changing the content in one version of
the asset will affect all shortcuts made of that asset.
At times, you may want to create a shortcut of an asset, but you might not want that shortcut to appear exactly like the original. In this case, WebGUI provides the option to override shortcut properties. This will allow you to change the properties of the shortcut, but will not affect the properties of any other version of the shortcut asset on the site.
If you look at the shortcut of the “Welcome” article, you will notice that there are two toolbars: a shortcut toolbar and the asset toolbar. The shortcut toolbar is the upper toolbar, above the gray bar with the “Shortcut” heading; hovering your mouse over the furthest icon to the left will reveal this.
To illustrate override options, a shortcut of a news section will be made. A Collaboration System formatted as a Weblog was added to a web page, and then used as a news story section.
As you can see, the original news story section contains eight stories. The creator of this asset would like a shortcut of the news section to appear on the site’s homepage, but only wants four of the threads to be visible on the homepage, as opposed to the full eight. In this case, an override of the asset’s original properties will be made in the shortcut.
In
this example, the shortcut of the news section will be place below
the “Welcome” article of the Plain Black demo homepage.
All
eight headlines are currently displayed in the asset shortcut, and
the desired outcome is to only display 4 of those threads on the
page. To change this, the properties of the shortcut will need to be
overridden. To do so, locate the shortcut toolbar, and click its Edit
button. This will open the “Edit Shortcut” screen.
Click
on the “Overrides” tab to open the override screen. On this
screen you will see a list of asset properties that may be edited.
This screen varies depending on the type of asset that was made into
a shortcut.
Locate
the “threadsPerPage” property and click on the “Edit” button
to its right. This will open a screen from which the original
property value can be changed. In this case, the original value was
30, and it is being changed to 4. After the new value is entered
click save.
You
will be returned to the “Manage Shortcut Overrides” screen on
which will be reflected the property you just edited.
Return
to the site, and you will see that the shortcut on the homepage now
displays only four threads.
However, all eight threads are still displayed on the News page containing the original asset.
Keywords: Assets override override properties override shortcut shortcut user interfaceAn hour later, the Queen and the ENTIRE Royal Family came back! Everyone except the Queen disappeared into the Palace. The Queen stayed outside by the gates to review the troops. She's quite a trooper! She about 83 years old, I believe. Next, she went into the Palace and then they all started coming out onto that famous balcony. It's the same balcony where Diana and Charles shared that awkward kiss after their wedding. We all, the Queen and William and I, stood there and watched an incredible military flyby. The beautiful horses came back, the band played, more soldiers in even more outrageous uniforms marched around, and the reserved, understated English whooped and hollered! I took 172 pictures!!! Thank goodness for digital cameras.
Next, I took a tour of Apsley House which was given to the Duke of Wellington by a grateful nation. It is right next door to the entrance to Hyde Park. I wasn't sure if it would be worth it, but I paid extra to go up into the Wellington Arch. While I was up their innocently taking some pictures, a NAKED bike race came by!!! I'm not kidding! There must have been 500 people in various levels of nakedness riding through Hyde Park and down Constitution Hill. This would never happen in Fort Worth! I'm not sure it would happen in New York. I took a few pictures of that, too.
What a day!
Sherrie
P.S. This day reminded me of that famous quote, "When one is tired of London, one is tired of life."Tuesday, January 31, 2017
A New Way to Think About College
The following article, titled A High - Tech Rebirth From Higher Ed's Ruins, written by David Gelernter and appearing in the Monday, January 23, 2017 Wall Street Journal, explains a way of learning and maturing that I believe is much more compatible with encouraging and developing the unique personas and capabilities God has instilled within each person.
It is exciting to think that the traditional educational mold, not just at the college level but at all levels of education, is finally beginning to be thoughtfully broken.
Read it here:
Posted by Barb Harwood at 8:42 AM No comments:
Tuesday, January 24, 2017
Detachment From the Past
One of the tests to discern whether we are allowing the past to direct and determine our present lives is to notice how often we say, “I was raised...” or “When I was growing up” or “My parents....”
Now, reminiscing about grand family vacations to the Tetons or Yellowstone, or sharing with others the exhilarating excursions in Great Uncle Fred’s open cockpit biplane are not what I’m talking about.
What I’m referring to is the line of thinking we fall into in which we habitually look to the past to explain the less-than-ideal person we are today.
We often operate from a presupposition that the past defines our personality and justifies our mistakes and bad habits.
It may never have occurred to us that we can begin to think about ourselves, not, in fact, from as far back as the beginning, but from the point at which we now find ourselves.
Is the past full of “stuff,” as many people like to put it? Yes.
Is the past full of nothing but tragedy and victimization for some? Yes.
Am I belittling and discounting these events? No.
There is, depending upon the circumstances, a place to certainly get the past out there for close scrutiny in order to heal from it. And for those with seriously egregious pasts, this can take time.
But for many people with the “normal”—and by that I mean traditionally dysfunctional—childrearing that takes shape in one form or another in almost every family, once that past has been digested, there is a time to stop chewing the cud.
By placing too much importance on the past, we stall our progress forward.
The thinking often goes like this:
The past cannot be changed.
I am a product of the past.
Therefore I cannot change.
In this way, the past continues to be our present.
Giving up the past and our standing as victims can be as difficult as removing a pacifier from a baby. We have come to rely on the “facts” and “truth” of our increasingly distant past to let us off the hook in many areas of our present-day lives.
How often have we said things like,
“Seriously, what can you expect from someone who was raised as I was?”
or
“You’d be depressed too if you’d had the childhood I had”
or
“Really, if I had had some encouragement as a kid I wouldn’t be in this lousy job”
or
“I never wanted to go to college but...”
or
“Sadly, I married my father/mother"
or
“Christmas was always a let-down at our house, so Bah Humbug!”
and on and on it goes.
It is remarkable that, in almost every other area of our lives, we rally for cleaner air, new laws, legislation that will free us from this or that constraint and yet, we freely allow, if not welcome, the pollution of our past to dominate our current thinking, attitudes, actions and relationships.
The fact of the matter is, we will live the greater portion of our lives outside of and free from the bygone days we grew up in.
And even though some of those same dysfunctional people may continue to have a role in our lives, we, as mature adults, are capable of directing interactions with and setting boundaries around those people.
We are not at the mercy of any person, place or thing, perpetual victims to what once was and still attempts to be.
Instead, we are at the mercy of our loving Father, who implores us to step out in the new life He has so graciously endowed us with because He knows we require it.
To refuse His lead is to allow the people and circumstances of our past to be our gods. It should be no surprise then that our lives will bear the sour and rotten fruit that a life lived off of the soil of yesterday produces.
“Trust in the LORD with all your heart
And do not lean on your own understanding.
In all your ways acknowledge Him,
And He will make your paths straight.” Proverbs 3:5-6
“Let your eyes look directly ahead
And let your gaze be fixed straight in front of you.
Watch the path of your feet
And all your ways will be established.” Proverbs 4:25-26
 3:3-6
Posted by Barb Harwood at 6:12 AM No comments:
Friday, January 20, 2017
Because We Are As One
"Because we are made in the image and likeness of God--because we are as one on this planet--let us this week renew our commitment to a world where our Nation and all nations grow and prosper together in a spirit of love and brotherhood."
Ronald Reagan, February 13, 1981 Message on the Observance of National Brotherhood Week, February 15-21, 1981
"If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone." Romans 12:18
Posted by Barb Harwood at 6:28 AM No comments:
Sunday, January 15, 2017
Can I Change My Thought-Life?
The Bible says to “take captive every thought to make it obedient to Christ” (2 Corinthians 10:5).
How does a person do that?
First of all, as Christians committed to the Word of God in Christ, we hold ourselves accountable to God for our thought-life.
Matthew 5 is a wonderful chapter to read regarding thought-life versus action and Jesus’ call to the unorthodox—by secular humanist standards—response to these juxtapositions.
What we learn from Scripture is that all aspects of life, including thought-life, fall under obedience to God, who can hear everything we think and say (Matthew 6:6; Luke 1:51; 1 Corinthians 4:5; Psalm 139; Jeremiah 17:9-10).
How does this differ from someone who does not have a relationship with the Triune God of the Bible?
Well, in agnostic, atheistic or relativistic-religionist situations, the only person to remain accountable to for our thoughts is ourselves.
(If I have made the decision that everything, including God, is relative, then haven’t I crowned myself God? If I have decided there is no God, haven’t I then assigned myself to be in charge? If I have given up, stopped questioning and decided there are no answers or absolutes, haven’t I made my conclusion an absolute and myself its leader?)
So it follows then that if I have put myself in charge of me, then I have also put myself in charge of not thinking negative thoughts. If I go ahead and think those thoughts anyway, the only person who knows is me. I am in charge of me.
And since I am the only person who knows of the infraction, although I may become extremely frustrated with myself—even depressed—that I cannot seem to change my thought life, the only incentive to change that thought life continues to be me. And so I continue in a vicious circle of wanting to change my thought life, and failing.
God’s accountability is an excellent motivator on several counts:
Out of His love for us, He has given us salvation and new life through Christ, and His Word and Holy Spirit equip and empower us in this new life.
Out of our love for Him, we will want to please Him. And when we please Him, we realize we are overcoming all sorts of things that we could never overcome on our own, including negativity and other dysfunctional thought patterns.
When we fail, which we find, over time, to be less and less, we have someplace to go with that failure: to God’s forgiveness and the renewed commitment to Him that comes out of that to leave our life of sin (John 8:11).
We know that the only reason we fail in our thought life is because we don’t take our thoughts captive under the authority, wisdom and love of God.
There are religions, philosophies and ideologies that put man at the center of man; man in charge of himself. So if me is the god of me, then I can pretty much get away with whatever I want, or with whatever I am not able to control.
In Christianity, we have the gift of not having to be in charge; in fact, we are commanded not to be in charge, of ourselves.
If I am repeatedly intent on changing something about myself without success, I must honestly ask who I have put in control of this decision to change: myself,:12-16
“We do not dare to classify or compare ourselves with some who commend themselves. When they measure themselves by themselves and compare themselves with themselves, they are not wise.” 2 Corinthians 10:12
.” Matthew 6:21-24a (although the context of this verse is within a discussion of money and material possessions, the underlying universal point is that whatever we serve through prioritization, be it our possessions and money or our thoughts and attitudes, reveals where our heart is.)
“Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things.” Philippians 4:8
“Since then you have been raised with Christ, set your heart on things above, where Christ is, seated at the right hand of God. Set your minds on things above, not on earthly things. For you died, and your life is now hidden with Christ in God.” Colossians 3: 1-3
“Put to death, therefore, whatever belongs to your earthly nature..a; 7
“And whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.” Colossians 3:17
Posted by Barb Harwood at 9:12 AM No comments:
Tuesday, January 10, 2017
Conditional Forgiveness
Ravi Zacharias, in his and Vince Vitale’s 2017 book, Jesus Among Secular Gods, describes how the attitude that “forgiveness is only for those who deserve it” is incompatible with Jesus Christ.
I am thinking deeply about this: about the conditions I put on forgiveness, and the conditions others may put on whether or not they forgive me.
It is fascinating to discern the many layers, often subconscious, of forgiveness.
We may intellectually forgive someone, adamant that we “hold no grudge.” But our actions tell another story.
We may withhold forgiveness because we feel a person is undeserving:
Perhaps they have not “properly” apologized;
perhaps they have not apologized at all;
perhaps we are upset that they are not mind-readers and thus appear to be unaware of our being offended;
perhaps they have denied any wrongdoing;
perhaps they do not want to or cannot apologize;
perhaps they blame us for the infraction and see no need to be held accountable.
We may deem institutions, politicians, leaders and political parties unworthy of forgiveness. We may in fact see forgiveness in this case as being traitorous to our cause, incompatible with our sense of justice, or an infringement on our self-righteousness.
We may ignore any signs of regenerative maturity from another person because our wounded pride wants to continue to believe they are still the rotten person they were days, weeks, or years ago when they were steeped in their own dysfunction. And so we don't forgive.
And even if we concede someone has changed for the better, and their actions are conciliatory, we hold onto the past infraction forever, basically “paying them back for what they did to us” within a mindset of unforgiveness.
Many of us have, or currently are, practicing this withholding of forgiveness, all the while paying lip service, on social media and in other areas of our lives, to kumbaya, love and world peace, and “being the change.”
Very few of us ever get to the place where I believe Ebenezer Scrooge’s nephew, Fred, in the story, A Christmas Carol, was: unconditionally loving his abusive, curt and hurtful uncle while keeping the door of forgiveness open, whether Uncle Scrooge walked through it or not.
Note that Fred did not love the abuse, the curtness or the hurt it caused, but he loved the man in bondage to it by maintaining a forgiving heart and mind.
This nephew was able to practice daily compassion for his uncle by not taking the uncle’s gruffness personal; a very difficult, very mature stance.
Fred did not read into the attitudes and actions of his uncle, but instead separated himself from his uncle’s outworking of inner fears and hardness of heart. The nephew was loyal to the uncle, not to the uncle’s behaviors.
Fred was patient in letting Scrooge work out his demons, and did not punish him once that battle was won. In fact, Fred celebrated with Scrooge in his victory, letting all the bygones melt away.
It is a wonderful turning point to be able to emerge out of, logically and emotionally, our own unforgiveness with all its qualifiers, and to separate one’s self logically and emotionally from the unforgiveness of others.
It is the ultimate freedom to detach from what has been and what may yet continue that is out of our control, and attach instead to what is
“Bear with each other and forgive one another if any of you has a grievance against someone. Forgive as the Lord forgave you.” Colossians 3:13
Posted by Barb Harwood at 10:50 AM No comments:
Thursday, January 5, 2017
Tired of Being a Bad Actor in a Lousy Play?
In the book, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, the author Stephen R. Covey talks about each person’s script and autobiography, and how what has transpired for us and molded us in the past doesn’t have to continue to be our reality going forward.
Another author I recently read put it this way: the way we were raised may provide reasons for how we are today, but not excuses. Covey’s book is all about how each person can choose to change and write a new script, and in fact, must make that choice in order for a new script to replace the old.
For those of us who have accepted Christ, our new script is Christ. He is writing our autobiography now. And to the extent that we cooperate with His process is the extent to which we free ourselves from the insanity of trying to do things over and over again the same way but expecting different results.
Christ’s script is to be my only script, and who I am in Him to be my only autobiography.
This must become a discipline, empowered by His Holy Spirit reminding me every second of every day until I no longer need to be reminded quite as often because I am, without even thinking, living this new script. It has become who I am in Christ and Christ in me.
“God is faithful, who has called you into fellowship with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.”
1 Corinthians 1:9
:24-30
Posted by Barb Harwood at 9:44 AM No comments:
Lancer Tactical CA-706 Helmet Mounted Airsoft Distress Marker (Red)
Features:
Manufactured by Lancer Tactical!
Durable, Waterproof ABS Polymer Construction
Come with Velcro Panel for Easy Attachment to Any Helmet!
Perfect for Night or Low Light Operations!
Two Modes: Flashing Strobe or Always On Mode
Light Color: Red
Length: 4.5"
You May Also Be Interseted In These Products
- Lancer Tactical CA-718 Airsoft Helmet Goggle Swivel Clips (Green)
Regular Price: $19.99
Our Price: $7.95
You Save: $12.04 (60.2%)
- Lancer Tactical CA-706 Helmet Mounted Airsoft Distress Marker (Blue)
Regular Price: $35.99
Our Price: $13.95
You Save: $22.04 (61.2%)I have yet to write up my impressions of the Lawtech Europe Congress held in Prague in November. It was one of a series of back-to-back conferences in which I took part in widely-separated jurisdictions during November, and its lessons will keep whilst I catch up with other things.
My report, when it comes, will be in very positive terms. Meanwhile, the organisers’ post event press release is here, including links to the sponsors, the speakers, a video and some photographs.On Thursday and Friday I wound up writing individual ideas and questions on a stack of index cards, which I then arranged and rearranged on the table in the features department. From one of those arrangements came this idea, which I finished writing up this afternoon. Unfortunately there is nobody here I can really discuss this with today, so I'm going to post it instead.
Forgive the long blogpost.
(Addressed to my boss:)
After a bunch of reading, summarizing and organizing, I’ve been able to significantly refine my proposal for a global warming package.
I propose to drop narrative story structure altogether and to simply “grid it out,” as an executive making a decision might. Hence, the following:
1. A global warming cover package for the Health/Science section, April 18, with a full open page inside the section, preferably a color position. I could also offer some kind of “USA Today” 1A treatment to get people to the section, but it’s not necessary for what I propose.
2. The concept is “Global Warming: A user’s guide.” Instead of trying to make this material compelling by personalizing or localizing it, I intend to attract readers by creating a package that serves as an organizing, conceptualizing “tool” for each reader. This is based on my unproven theory that there is a hunger for anything that can help readers understand daunting, politicized, complex subjects.
3. The only narrative in the package would be a short introduction, which would orient readers to the package and how to use it.
4. The rest of the section front space for the story would be devoted to no-jump sidebars and graphics.
5. The inside page (it takes no jumps) should be turned on its side, as the “tool” aspect of the package is a spreadsheet that works best in a horizontal layout. Its structure:
A) Ten aspects of the global warming debate, presented in rows
B) These aspects are presented in five different columns: i) Pro; ii) Con; iii) Evaluation; iv) G2K (Good to Know); and v) Conclusions.
C) Notably, the final section, Conclusions, is left blank. The spreadsheet is literal a tool for people to use in systematically drawing their own conclusions from material.
6. The bottom of the inside page will be devoted to sidebars, glossaries and other ways of explaining concepts that are fundamental to understanding the subject. Each would include resources for further study. I have 11 subjects currently listed as meaningful material for explanation, but I consider that list flexible, capable of expanding or combining as necessary.
I’ve attached a draft of the pro/con/evaluation summaries based on my initial reading of the materials I’ve been collecting over the past year. Note that these summaries do not use numbers and statistics.
Since a single reporter is not objective, I propose that I submit my materials to multiple “experts” with various perspectives on the issue and take their comments into consideration before the final edit. My intent is to create objective materials, but not at the expense of artificial balance. Scientific arguments cannot be countered by non-scientific arguments, so to avoid creating a structure in which only scientists can be heard I’ve designed this format to include summaries of political and cultural critiques.
Daniel
The draft summaries are fairly detailed. I'll send them out to anyone who wishes to review them.Here's what I have lined up so far, plus I have a few more ideas I might squeeze in.
Today, Poppy and I had an unprecedented free morning. After all the drop-offs, we couldn't go home because it was the cleaning ladies' day (already a great way to start birthday week), and we like to stay out of their way. So we went out to breakfast at a bakery I've wanted to try. Watch the VGP for a review soon, but here's one word for you: beignets. Then, with an hour to burn before picking up Ginger, we browsed at Barnes & Noble. (Browsing? What's that?) I flipped through some design mags, while keeping Poppy stocked with Cheerios, and ended up in the DVD room - they are having a buy-2-dvds-get-the-third-free sale. So I got three kids' shows to hold in store for desperate snow days or long road trips (Strawberry Shortcake, Knuffle Bunny and Madeline's Great Adventures.)
Tuesday - nothing planned yet - maybe a normal day? Or maybe something awesome because it's birthday week.
Wednesday - MY BIRTHDAY! Special snack to preschool (not for my birthday, it just happens to be our assigned day), special cookie-cutting kindergarten activity after school for 100th day of school, Dessert Club (rescheduled from snowy last week.)
Thursday - ED's BIRTHDAY! MOM's BIRTHDAY! Georgetown Cupcake? (Holy crap, did you know they have moved to a bigger space and have a reality show on TLC? It's obviously been too long since I've been there. But I can vouch, they can back up all the hype with the goods. Those cupcakes are SO GOOD.) Out to dinner as a family.
Friday - Our new door, the one we responsibly got ourselves for Christmas, is installed. Crossing fingers we like the color. Girl's night out to another bakery I've been wanting to try.
Saturday - Maybe use my SpaFinder gift certificate for a massage? I need to make some calls. At night I am taking Ed on a birthday date - it seems to be my turn. Our birthdays and anniversary are 6 months apart so we kind of take turns planning the date but we always forget whose turn it is so it's just whoever has an idea. This year I did and I would love to tell you about it but sometimes Ed graces my blog with his presence so mum's the word. But I guess it doesn't give too much away to say we're going to dinner and then something else.
Sunday - Family party with Grandma, Grandpa and Aunt Janet. Very nearly the same as the family party we had last week for Ginger. But instead of pepperoni pizza we will probably have something like steak and potatoes. And I'm thinking Italian cream cake? We shall see.
Of course we always stretch Birthday Week into Birthday Month but I can't really sustain the life of leisure that long, so things like grocery shopping, Costco, the cleaners, laundry, making dinner, etc. will have to resume. But for now here's to a week of contented sighs.Not a member?Create an account free
InFund TechnologiesFounded in April 2016, inFund has created a leading-edge technology platform centered on a novel, proprietary and automated credit assessment component for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs).
We are looking for independent agents to represent inFund across the UK to help us establish our presence in the market.
We are inviting Sales Agents to take advantage of a growing market by joining our Sales Team to develop clients in the United Kingdom, offering an opportunity to impress your clients with our amazing services!
You will have experience in B2B sales, preferably with Software as a Service (SaaS) licensing or Financial/Credit software solutions.
You have an existing network of contact with suppliers and re-sellers to the Small and Medium Enterprises market.
You will be supported with material, credentials and software demos.
Successful candidates will not only receive a very generous commission on the sale, but also a perpetual commission for every deal closed through the platform
Any supplier, re-seller and distributor serving Small and Medium Enterprises across the UK
White-label software
Additional perpetual incentive available
TrainingCustomer management platform
Reference : 638899
Apply to this offer here
Looking for an agent distributors for our new software platform.
InFund Technologies
Log in to fill out the required fields with your account information and have access to your downloaded documents.Yesterday, the guys of Honor Society launched their new Honor System.
Every Thursday, the guys will release a song FREE for download at honorsocietymusic.com. That's right, we said FREE!
Each song will be available for 7 days and then pulled for a new song. The song might be a new song, it might be a remix, it might be a surprise. This week's song is a new remix of "My Own Way."
Check out a video for the song below, as well as the live chat from yesterday. Don't forget to head over to honorsocietymusic.com now!Our. Please tune in this coming Sunday evening, January 6, 2018, at the usual time: 5PM PST, 6PM MST, 7PM CST, 8PM EST for this week's show, our montly Bargain Show, coming to you from the Brass Armadillo Antique Mall in Denver. GaryOne of the main reasons that people were so willing to buy into Tiger Woods' pristine image for so long was that he looks so baby-faced and wholesome. Some pictures make him look more like a Kewpie doll than a human being. At other times he evokes one of those innocent cartoon characters who are forever being threatened by the bad guys.
Contrast his face to Snoop Dogg's face. Snoop has perfected the insinuating sneer, but he has the natural advantage of a face tailor-made for sneering: prominent cheekbones, hooded eyes, flaring nostrils, and a complete lack of baby fat. Of course, Snoop has always tried to cultivate his gangsta image, so it's hard to imagine him as, say, a dedicated athlete.
Sex drive in men is highly correlated with testosterone, and testosterone is correlated with muscle. If you compare Tiger with Snoop on that score, they are each at the opposite end of the spectrum. Tiger, at least in his more recent years, is completely jacked, almost like a body builder. Snoop, if you've ever seen a picture of him without his shirt, is preternaturally thin.
Which means that as far as the women go, Woods is more of a tiger than he let on.
And Snoop may be less of a dog than he pretends.In my opinion, there are plenty of occasions to call for a limousine service. If you want a ride to the airport, then you can call the limousine service to drop you off to the airport. It is easier to carry ten or more people in the limousine with their baggage’s than in any other car because limousine is more spacious and comfortable than any of the other cars in the world. Moreover, taking a ride in a limousine is an unforgettable moment because you will sit in a car that was only known to be as the ride of the royalties, politicians and celebrities.
But, all that has been changed and now, even a common man can take the services of this wonderful looking car and enjoy the ride. You can also call the limousine service at the time of your wedding because you will want to take your spouse in a beautiful car like a limousine. I live in Canada and I know some of the best limousine services that you can use. If you are seeking for best limousine services click on and get the best results. The best thing about the top limousine services is that they are very cheap with their prices and that enables anyone to use their services without any trouble.Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
Return to: Undergraduate & Graduate Programs
(18-24 credits)
A minor allows students to complement their studies, enrich their personal life, and acquire practical skills that can be applied to professional objectives.
Students who wish to minor in French, Italian, or Spanish must complete 18–24 credits in that language, depending on the student’s entry level. Students beginning with Level I or II must complete 24 credits. Students beginning with Level III must complete 21 credits. Students beginning with Level IV or beyond must complete 18 credits. It is recommended that the student contact language faculty early for individual guidance in the development of an appropriate minor.by Dom Jones
1st semesters are few coming into the Spring semester, but they exist. Beyond being kind and giving directions on how to get to certain classrooms, there is wisdom that upperclassmen can offer to the newbies, without being condescending and which would help them navigate Berklee (and sometimes life) in a much better way. Here’s my top 10:
7. You’re special, but you’re not special.
Yes, you can sing (or play) your face off, but you know that you’ve now just immersed yourself into a place where the majority of students can also do that as well, right? Confidence is key in this business, but don’t get so cocky that everyone hates you within your first two weeks. Relax. Your runs will make room for you.
6. Don’t be that person who fails ACI.
We know. We all think it’s not a very useful class, but it’s required of you, and do you really want to be the person retaking it next semester? Buckle down because at the end of the day, it’s one of the few easy (well, easier) A’s you’re going to get during your Berklee career.
5. The RAs are cool, but they will still write you up for breaking the rules.
Oh, you thought you were going to hotbox or play beer pong in your room with your RA because that’s your homie now? It’s their job to help you acclimate to life on campus. It’s also their job to ensure there is no underage drinking, no drug use, and that residents are being responsible. Don’t get so comfortable that you forget that.
4. The Freshman 15 is real, boo.
You may be juiced that the Caf has burgers, fries, nuggets, and an assortment of other kinds of junk food available to you every day, but trying eating that exclusively all semester and see if you don’t look like a cute and chubby version of yourself by the end of the semester. There’s nothing wrong with body changes, but we should be a little health conscious as well. Mix in that salad bar they have downstairs sometimes, too.
3. If you’re flailing in the class, go to office hours.
To a professor, nothing’s worse than someone who has sporadically done the homework, had lukewarm participation in class, done poorly on every test, and then shows up the week before finals asking what they can do to turn their D into a B. That teacher is giving you major side-eye and has no compassion for your situation. You will know when you’re flailing at the latest by midterms. If you hit every office hour consistently after that, you teacher is much more likely to work with you to get that grade up, because they see you putting in the extra effort.
2. It’s not the end of the world if you don’t get picked for the first thing you audition for.
Oh, you weren’t chosen for Singer’s Night and you didn’t get a Caf Show? It’s your first semester. Relax. First of all, you’re competing with people who are in their last semester and are almost guaranteed to get what they go out for. Secondly, rejection is a part of life and a huge part of the business we find ourselves aspiring to join. Get the feedback from the audition, and keep it moving.
1. MUSIC IS THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.
We know, we know. You met the person you’re going to spend the rest of your life with in the practice rooms. You guys were both playing that new Bruno Mars single, your eyes met across the hallway, and you knew. You’re young, this is college, you have like 8 classes. We’re not saying don’t date, but don’t get so wrapped up in your love affair that everything you came here to do takes a backseat. Networking means meeting more than one person, so keep it light. Music should be your main focus right now. Actually practice, actually write music, actually dig deeply into whatever major(s) you choose, actually do internships whether your major requires it or not. This four (or five) years will fly by in a flash.
WHAT ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE 1ST SEMESTER STUDENTS?
SOUND OFF IN THE COMMENTS!
Pingback: Corporate Events in Hyderabad()
Pingback: iraqi Coehuman()
Pingback: DMPK()
Pingback: colarts Diyala44()
Pingback: manutencao informatica()
Pingback: pengumuman cpns guru bantu dki 2018/2019()
Pingback: gvk bio news()
Pingback: find a real estate agent()Royal Medic marijuana is a medicinal strain from Royal Queen Seeds that is based on the famous Juanita la Lagrimosa. The Juanita la Lagrimosa strain is a high CBD strain that is renowned for its healing properties. Here, Royal Queen have crossed it with Critical to produce an indica shaped plant with easier handling and higher yields.
Royal Medic weed is a compact plant, going to around 4 feet tall indoors and gaining maybe an extra foot when grown outdoors in a sunny position. Yields are really good and an experienced grower with a good set up and powerful lights should be able to achieve yields of over 20 ounces indoors. Flowering takes around 9 weeks.
It is the Juanita la Lagrimosa genetics that are dominant in the taste and aromas here. You can expect a soft, fruity Haze type bouquet which is reminiscent of the finest sativas. There is also a hashy aftertaste that probably comes for the Critical.
With CBD levels measured at higher than the THC levels, Royal Medic marijuana makes a fantastic medical strain. It is already receiving rave reviews from medicinal users for its ability to deal with pain, spasticity and anxiety.
The high from Royal Medic is smooth and upbeat and energetic. This is a great daytime smoke for those who like to feel happy and alive without feeling too messed up.
Why buy Royal Queen – Royal Medic.So after a long period of no running I once more ventured into a 'fun run' race. It was the first annual FIT (Finacial Institutions in Tokyo) for Charity event and was actually 3 events in one. You had the choice of walking once round the Imperial Palace (5k), running once round (5k) or running twice round (10k). Obviously I chose the latter. The 30 companies managed to raise over 18,000,000 yen (around 90,000 GPB) which will be shared amongst 5 local charities. Since their target was 5,000,000 yen everyone was pretty pleased!
Since I can count the number of times I've been running since the marathon on one hand, I wasn't optimistic about the time I'd run this 10k in. Even if I'd have been on top form beating my PB of 43:40 in this blistering heat and humidity would have been a challenge. So given the meagre attempts at water stations and the scorching sun I was pretty pleased with my (mildly sunburnt) time of 47:53.
On another note, I should have internet access by next week so will have a chance to start processing the queue of photos I've been lining up for the landofbob.
Glad to hear those Asics aren't completely gathering dust! I'm sure that as you become more independent you'll have more time to get back into it. But even before then don't forget the therapeutic powers of working up a good sweat! Keep the updates coming buddy, we haven't forgotten you...Image courtesy of ddpavumba/FreeDigitalPhotos.net
If you're an indie publisher, writing a Press Release is yet another thing that comes under the heading of "Marketing and Promoting Your Book".
You don't have to do one, of course. But I think it's a good idea, even if creating it will probably drive you to distraction.
The purpose of a Press Release is, like all book promoting, is to let people know 1) that your book exists and to generate interest in it, and 2) to give some info about you, the author.
In this case 'people' are 'the media' - journalists and suchlike, who are in a position to bring your book to the attention of potential readers.
I decided to write a Press Release. It took several days and gave me a stinking headache! I posted (not emailed) it to ten papers within roughly a forty-mile or so radius of where I live, using as a hook the fact that I am a local author.
Four days later, someone from one of the papers emailed to ask for jpegs of images of my book cover and of me - hopefully because they're going to write an article. A few days after that, another paper rang me for an online interview for a "piece about my book", which was published that same week.
I did a lot of trawling through the internet, finding out what a Press Release should contain and how to set it out and a whole host of info. You can read what I found out on the Tips & Advice page
I put my Press Release onto Biblioscribe (A free service allowing authors and publishers to submit press releases for free. Click here if you'd like to read it.Unibet publishes 2011 Annual Report
Unibet Group plc’s Annual Report for 2011 is now available on the Group’s website.
As previously announced, Unibet Group plc’s Annual General Meeting will be held on 10 May 2012 in Stockholm, Sweden. Further details can be found at the Group’s website from 12 April 2012.
For more information:
Inga Lundberg, Investor Relations +44 20 8545 6229/Hey :) I have been wanting to review this very popular mask for a long time now, and just haven’t got round to it. I guess that is actually a good thing, because it has given me more time to actually use it and form more of an opinion on it.
Lately my skin has gone a bit mad and reverted back to how it was when I was a hormonal teenager – not acne but annoying under-the-skin spots and little clusters of pimples around my chin. I’m not really sure what has caused it, I have a sneaky suspicion that it started around the same time that I began using Origins A Perfect World Moisturiser, which I really loved but in hindsight it was a little rich and oily for my combination skin. I have stopped using it now and have reverted back to my trusty No.7 Beautiful Skin Day Cream which I love, but something still isn’t right so the investigation continues..
Well you obviously don’t want to hear my skin life story so I’ll cut to the actual product now..! In a desperate attempt to clear my skin a little, I invested in the highly praised Origins Clear Improvement Mask which retails at £22. It is an ‘active charcoal mask’ that is designed to clear the skin of any crap basically. The consistency is nice and thick, and it dries within 15 minutes when you was hit off again. I have to say that after my first use I already noticed a difference, not as in my spots had vanished (I wish), but my skin generally looked like it had had a deep clean right into the pores. I noticed it particularly around my nose, which is the worst place for blocked pores for me, and right now the area looks better than it has done in a very long time! I am so impressed with it, I have been using the mask weekly when my skin is almost back to normal, and twice weekly when the more stubborn spots are hanging around. It is obviously not a miracle worker, it does not clear up my spots but what it does does is help hurry up the healing process by clearing out the skin and leaving it clean and free of excess oil that aggravates spots etc.
I would really recommend this mask, it is on the pricey side but I have used it about 9 times already and as you can see from the photo I still have loads left, so I’m definitely getting my money’s worth I think. Plus there is the fact that I think it actually works!
Have you tried this mask before? What do you think of it? xx
This sounds great and really helpful!!! x
I keep hearing such great reviews on this product that it makes me want to try it out! Is it at all drying on the skin?
Hilary | MakeupbyHilary.com x
I'd love to try out this mask, I've heard lots of great things about it! I also really want to try the Drink Up Overnight Intensive mask, which I hear is brilliant too :) xx
Rachael | overdosedemaquillage.blogspot.com ♥
I keep reading good things about this! I've never had a face mask in my life which I think is kinda bad haha. Not sure I could fork out the money for this, I'm way too tight when it comes to skincare! xxxFunny Status Message #85640
X The adult version of Operation is trying not to break a tortilla chip while dipping it into a jar of salsa.
Save as Image
Related Status Messages:
- # 142837 Between the blue corn tortilla chips, spinach dip, and salsa....I've been crapp*ng out Christmas colors for the past three days.
- # 33744 Salsa, Olives, Sour Cream Dip, Spread it on a layer of Tortilla Chips, You add some guacomole and some melted cheese, your mouth just made a touchdown right here on NBC!
- # 47376 Happy National Tortilla Chip Day, enjoy the Mexican that's in you....and mow my yard while your at it.
←Rate | 01-04-2012 05:03 by hihuggiehi | Tags: Approved
Comments with offensive language will be automatically deleted within 24 hours. By Commenting, you agree to these terms.
Funny Facebook StatusesJin'zakk]
Burning Crusade
In 2009, Gamespy reported the following:
-  suggests that Jin'zakk was going to be added to the game (albeit with a different rank than in the RPG), but was replaced before release with Hex Lord Malacrass.
References
- ^ World of Warcraft RPG Conversion Document, pg. 11
- ^ Lands of Conflict, 115-116
- ^ World of Warcraft: The Roleplaying Game, 22
- ^ Miguel Lopez 2007-07-11. World of Warcraft: A Look at Zul'Aman (PC) 2. GameSpy. Retrieved on 2009-09-18.You know who's not loving Bitcoin's rise? Speed freaks..X
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more, see our Privacy and Cookies policy.
Ultimate Control for Sports Footwear
£28.99 inc VAT
Carnation Powerstep Original Full Length Orthotic.
Guarantee:
In the rare event that you are unhappy with this product for any reason, Carnation Footcare offer a 30 day money back guarantee. This product has a lifetime guarantee against breakage of the plastic arch support under normal conditions.
Carnation Powerstep Original Full Length Orthotic Insoles
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Escorts in Coventry including Massage Parlours, girls for incalls or outcalls.
Related
- News – Latest local news and new girl adverts.
- Available – Ladies and couples available for same day bookings in the local area.
- Popular Searches – Escorting Guide, Massage Parlour, Cheap, 24/7, Teen Girls, Independent Ladies, Brothel, Escort Agency, Mature, Female, Incall, Late Night.
Escorts in Coventry
Top Rated Escorts Based In Coventry
Delya Teen
Delya is a 19 year old teen escort based in Coventry for cheap incalls. A good looking brunette with a slim dress size 8 figure, big 34DD tits and is 5 ft 7 tall.
She offers a girlfriend experience with a sexy young lady that you will not forget. Sex in many positions with lots of kissing is the primary service. Anal sex is an option for those that want to fuck her tight ass.
Dressing up in a choice of lingerie or some sexy role play uniforms is also an option. More info…
Available Today
Others
- Visitor & Hotel Guide – Coventry is a city and metropolitan borough in the W.Midlands.
- – A comprehensive collection of the classy escorts based in Coventry. Including females from teens to mature ladies.
- Bargain Girls – This is for the escorts based in the city centre that we consider to be bargains.
More
Missy Kink
A kinky high class lady who loves sex and something different. A slim well reviewed working girl with big tits. Missy KinkContains
Get data back from Apple computer hard drive with the aid of appropriate procedure discussed in this page.
B13, by mistakenly, it has locked with pattern locked and I dont know the codes to open, with this problem flight mode also has been disabled so I cannot connect to WiFi too.
Unfortunately, the only way to find out which one is causing it is testing the laptop with another known good hard drive.
Mac Data Recovery Software - Recover deleted formatted .
Hi, an excellent tutorial, i was wondering would a similiar process be followed for an IBM Thinkpad t20 as the T40s laptops to upgrade memory.
Hi My acer 5102 stopped in a scan and now on startup i get error 0200 failure fixed disc 0 so I guess the hard drive is dead.
As you mention, video card is integrated into the motherboard and cannot be removed, replaced or upgraded.
1N5406: Standard Recovery Rectifier 600 V 3.0 A
Another quirky thing is that it only becomes a fault once the machine has been off and disconnected from any power AC or battery for approx.
Click here to find appropriate solution to get back data from mLogic 2TB mBack hard drive on Mac system.
Try reconnecting memory modules, removing them one by one and starting the laptop with each module separately.
MUR160: Power Rectifier Ultra-Fast Recovery Switch-mode .
Go through this page, so that you will have an idea about retrieving lost data from iMac G5 17 A1058 desktop hard drive.
If drive on Mac hard drive is unmountable for any reason, then here is the best way to recover lost data from Mac volume.
Read this page to get back files from Rocstor 1TB Hawker encrypted portable hard drive on your Mac OS X computers.
Related articles
Windows Recovery is a fake computer analysis and optimization program that displays fake information in order to scare you into believing that there is an issue with .unreadable memory card recovery software.
Yodot Photo Recovery (Windows) Recover and restore deleted photos lost from your digital camera memory card or the images from your Windows PC.unreadable memory card recovery.
Staples® has everyday low prices on USB Flash Drives and everything you need for a home office or business.verbatim memory card password recovery.Purchase 100 domains
Budget $30-250 USD
I need to purchase 100 domains for the cheapest price available.
Possible hosting needed as well.
23 freelancers are bidding on average $98 for this job
Have a good day. Please check my profile. Best Regards
I can complete the details within two [url removed, login to view],one more day will be needed to reveiw the whole job before i deliver it to you. A trial will convince you.
I can get .com for you @ $7.00 and .net $600 and .info @ @2.00
I have registered domains for myself before so I know where to get some cheap ones. I will need more details about the job though.Art theft is an complicated and ancient criminal offense. When you look at the some of the most famous cases of art thefts in history, you see completely detained and questioned by the cops, but masterpiece, Mona Lisa was still concealed at Peruggias apartment or condo. After two years in which Peruggia did not speak with Chaudron, he aimed to make the finest out of his taken excellent. Ultimately, Peruggia was captured by the authorities while aiming to offer organize a sting operation that revived the painting to where it belongs.
While Museum authorities waiting for the burglars to demand ransom loan, rumors claimed that both paintings were burned to conceal evidence. Eventually, the Norwegian authorities”Victim's Medallion
Unidentified White Male
Vital Statistics
Clothing
Case History The Scene of the Crime :
The victim was located on May 22, 1975 in Burlington, MA. The partially decomposed body had been buried in a shallow grave in a wooded area near Muller Road. This man was the victim of a homicide. It is believed that the man had probably been buried for about 6 months before he was found.
The area is wooded and was used as a "lovers lane" at the time. The burial site wasn't very far from the road. It was probably within view of passing traffic. There were, and still are some houses nearby. The rest of the area at that time would have been wooded and isolated. There are a lot of industrial parks nearby now. It's within a mile of Route 95 (what was then only Route 128) and Route 3.
The best clues available to identify the victim are the distinctive belt buckle and the very unique medallion, suggestive of association with a motorcycle gang. At that time, there were reports of motorcycle gangs in town. There were a couple of houses where four of them, five of them lived.
Also, the black socks and gold fillings in those days usually meant you were associated with the military or law enforcement. Dental records would easily confirm the man's identity.
The Scene of the Crime :
Investigators Agency Case Number: 04833 NCIC Number: Source Information: Return to the Unidentified Victims' Index
If you have any information about this case please contact:
Burlington Police Department
Detective Gary Burdick
781-272-1212
You may remain anonymous when submitting information.
U270005907
Please refer to this number when contacting any agency with information regarding this case.
Burlington Police Department
Woburn Daily Times - 4/7/05
Agency Case Number: 04833
NCIC Number: Source Information:
Source Information:
Return to the Unidentified Victims' IndexMore about Olivier Kwitonda who follows his passion as a Painter
Exploiting Talents is one of the prime ways that youth can magnify their lives.Olivier Kwitonda 28 and a profession painter, his life has been transformed into a reasonable living frame through exposing his aptitude in community. In an exclusive interview he held with Yeejo Tv, he managed to illustrate his past life of painting and convey fruitful message to the youth relating to exploiting talents.
Here is one on one with Olivier Kwitonda
Eejo.co.rw : Tell us about yourself ?
Olivier: My name is Olivier Kwitonda, I was born in Rwanda around 1987.
Eejo.co.rw: How did you discover yourself as a painter?
Olivier: I think it natural as I found myself as painter without studying it in the class or elsewhere, I was born with it, and it is a part of my life.
Eejo.co.rw: When did you start this carrier?
Olivier: I started painting in 2010 in sector of painting as a visual artist, I was self-taught. I have worked with different international and local artists. My technique is semi-abstract, naïve, mixed media, and acrylic on canvas.
Eejo.co.rw: Tell us why why did you decide to follow painting not joining other profession like engineering, medicine, law, journalism and others?
Olivier: Actually, I got talented since my childhood, I used to draw and attending many competitions in primary schools; then after closing my secondary school, I didn’t get any opportunity to go to University and I decided to join URUMURI ARTS (it was a group of two artists who have already done art at school, Nyundo ) as an amateur. As well as I didn’t have much money, I tried to pay Urumuri arts for almost six months and they helped me to develop my skills on drawing and after I started to use acrylic colors. I have chosen to do art, not for getting money or that I has got a talent, but also to express myself through art. In my artworks, I used to paint a daily life, which I got its inspiration from my own situation, I have my siblings whom I am taking care of them.
Eejo.co.rw: Now you are a professional painter ; where do you usually acquire the inspirations to make a brilliant and constructive painting deed?
Olivier: To say the truth, I often get unalike inspiration through our everyday life people and environment.
Eejo.co.rw: To the high extent of your sophistication what kind of positive impacts art might have on people’s lives?
Olivier: Art is a form of expression. Art is important especially when it comes to expressing inner feelings, thought and so many other things. Art can also be a therapy to heal people ‘wounds from every kind of sufferings.
Eejo.co.rw: If I am not fallacious you belong in youth category, how do you think art can improve the life of young people?
Olivier: Teaching art in schools, Organizing art festivals, inviting a large community in exhibitions, not only the target people and Street art/ murals: awareness on HIV, importance of education…are some of the way art can improve youth people’s lives. Art also can affect young people’s development as their mindset: being open, creative and innovative. Many people are get infected with HIV are mostly youth, so using murals (Awareness about HIV, Importance of education…), workshops, Exhibitions(development, working together…) can help youth.
Eejo.co.rw : what is your hallucination or what you are forecasting to do in the future?
Olivier: I wish to meet the greatest artists, being more creative and to make a change in my art pieces, I mean to develop my art style. I wish also to prove my knowledge on art, exhibit beyond and outside East Africa and Africa, have my own gallery in future and Teach and spread the importance of art. I expect to be recognized through publicity, advertisement, and shows
( Radio, TVs, Newspapers,…)
Eejo.co.rw: Finally, what is your general memo to the young people like you who need to yield money out of their talents?
Olivier: I call upon the young people to try to discover their talents since they are still young, and to look forward to getting from their future. For me, there is a
quote that I like “Life is not about finding yourself, life is only about creating
yourself”. From that, I got a lesson that no one will help you to see what’s inside of you, only you, you will discover it, and don’t hesitate to go or ask somebody someone else for a help.
Claude Uwihoreye.On October 1, 2011, at Southern Methodist University in Texas, Bart Ehrman debated Daniel Wallace on the reliability of the New Testament text. For those who don't know, Bart Ehrman is the most renowned textual critic in the world and Daniel Wallace is the most renowned evangelical textual critic in the world. The DVD or audio recording of the debate is not yet available (that I know of), so I read reviews of it by folks who were there (here, here, here, here, here, here, here, OK Enough!). If this were James White, I would be savaged and name called and demeaned and humiliated (in a spiritual way, of course) for writing a post before I have seen or heard the debate. But I believe this post stands in the spirit of textual criticism. I have compared the various reports of those who heard the debate to arrive at what I believe was in the original. I don't have to actually see the original, in other words, to know what it was. That is what the adherents claim for the Word of God, so I feel safe in my initial observations about the debate. I'm not really commenting on who won the debate anyway, just writing what I know I can report at this point in time (out of breath from attempts at explaining).
From culling through the debate reports, I found that those hearing it, who were supportive of Dan Wallace, thought that Ehrman and him agreed on the evidence. The Wallace fans are generally disappointed in Ehrman. He doesn't come to the correct conclusions in their opinion, to conclusions that would be consistent with the kind and amount of manuscript evidence for the text of the New Testament.
Ehrman ends his scientific observations with maybe or possibly, which isn't good enough for his faith. And then Wallace ends his forensics with a definite probably, which is ample evidence for him. In the end, praise science and praise the textual critic. Without any theological presuppositions, he allowed the evidence to take him to the highest possible percentage of the truth.
Wallace says that the two ditches you don't want your science to run you into are the ditch on the right side, that of certainty, and then the left sided ditch, the one that Ehrman has driven into, the ditch of skepticism. Wallace, of course, sits on the middle road, the moderate road, that is neither certain nor skeptical. And that is the position, we are to expect, rings true with God, because that's all that science will leave us with. Again, hail be to science!
For a brief moment, I want us to consider why certainty would be a ditch. I mean, I get why skepticism is a ditch. You are a faithless apostate in that ditch. That, my friend, is a ditch. But if you believe in certainty, that seems to be what this Book we're talking about happens to teach. It teaches absolute certainty. How could what the Bible teaches be a ditch? It isn't, of course. Certainty is what God's Word itself teaches. It must be a ditch to Wallace, because he doesn't have certainty. And to Wallace, if you make certainty the standard, he himself would then be in the ditch of skepticism. And he won't be in that ditch, even though, you know, you aren't supposed to allow theological presuppositions to lead you to the truth, that is, unless the truth is a muddled moderate kind of truth that has some error in it.
When you start with what the Bible teaches, you find that man's observations, well, science, are tainted by sin. They are. That's why we look to the Bible for our faith. The Bible isn't tainted. It's God's Word. Everything is pure as it comes from God. And this is why we preach the Bible to men so that they will be saved. They have a rebellion problem that can't be moved by man's observation, by powerless external evidence, that is, by more knowledge. Knowledge isn't the problem. Rebellion is. But when it comes to what the Bible is, for most all of evangelicalism and a huge swath of fundamentalism, science is what men are going to use to tell us what it is.
Many of the same characters will swear by man's depravity. He can't come to anything of eternal value except by God's revelation and the Spirit of God. Textual criticism is at least one exception there. Why? It seems like the best explanation to them. A miracle, providence, whatever in the realm of supernatural, is too big a hurdle for their minds to accept. No. Plausibility. Best guess. And more data is being searched, discovered, examined, and catalogued. New conclusions are being reached and they're still tweaking the results.
And Wallace uses his knowledge to "persuade" Ehrman, just like James White did. But knowledge isn't the problem for Ehrman. Ehrman knows textual criticism. Ehrman knows all the evidence that Wallace is showing him. He's got best selling books on it. But Ehrman also knows what Scripture says. And Ehrman has looked at science and looked at Scripture and they clash on this issue. Science doesn't tell him what the Bible does. The Bible says about itself that it is perfect, that it is pure, that God would preserve it. It makes sense that God would too, since He makes a big deal about both inspiration and inerrancy. Ehrman can't reconcile the two and and he staggers in his unbelief. Knowledge isn't the problem for Ehrman. It's rebellion. But Wallace gives Ehrman nothing that would help him with that, just a bunch more science.
Wallace claims still to believe. It doesn't seem in the debate that he explains exactly how he is still able to do that. Maybe he did. From reading him, I know how he keeps believing. He keeps believing by modifying his beliefs to fit his science. He can't question what he thinks the science is, so he simply conforms his beliefs about inerrancy and authority and preservation to his science. Science is what has led him to a big chunk of his bibliology.
Bart Ehrman has trouble with a Bible with errors. He has a different standard for a Bible, something that would be called God's Word, than, say, Homer's Iliad and Odyssey. A lot of trust goes into a book with miracles in it, most of which we are not seeing any more. Ehrman seems to think that those manuscripts that we still possess actually promise preservation and that would be fitting for a book that God requires us to live every Word. That's Ehrman's honest evaluation of it, and Ehrman cannot find his way to a perfect text through a morass of three or four hundred thousand textual variants, a gigantic round number that both Ehrman and Wallace agree upon (in case you were wondering). Yes, that's right, Wallace isn't questioning the number, just the conclusion from the number. Ehrman says, "That's a whoppin number!" Wallace says, "A big number, good for us; it just so happens that means we've got lots of old hand copies of the Greek New Testament."
In the end, Wallace thinks that Ehrman is expecting too much from the Bible. He thinks that, like him, Ehrman should diminish those expectations to preserve his faith. That's what Wallace has done. He has thrown some of the parts overboard in order to preserve the whole. Someone could easily make a very feasible scientific explanation of the textual evidence to conclude a position similar to Wallace. Probability is his resting place, actually in device, albeit not creed. Wallace suggests that Ehrman, like he, should depend on a high estimation that we have a relatively reliable trajectory back to the originals. Ehrman can't base faith on probability. Probability is fine for Plato's Republic, but not for something that makes a big point about perfection to the very jot and tittle. So the New Testament will continue to be nothing more than interesting literature to him, fun to earn a living talking about because of how dead serious so many are about it. And so little assurance about the subject matter makes the perfect resume for the top professor of New Testament at University of North Carolina.
In the end, Wallace doesn't like how Ehrman allows his own theological presuppositions to spoil good science. Sure, the earliest manuscripts are over a hundred years removed from the originals and could have been copied from a corrupt source, but that is probably not true. And that probability is something you can rest your faith on. Wallace has.
2 comments:Aberfoyle AVE - Hamilton, Postal Code
Aberfoyle AVE is a street in Hamilton, Ontario - Canada. By selecting some Aberfoyle AVE block range numbers you can know the Aberfoyle.
Aberfoyle Aberfoyle Aberfoyle AVE street in Hamilton.
Aberfoyle AVE, Hamilton Postal Codes - Ontario
By Pressing Ctrl + F you can search postal codes in Aberfoyle AVE, Hamilton for desired block numbers
- 83 - 107 (O)
- 131 - 175 (O)
- 132 - 176 (E)
- 187 - 221 (O)
- 188 - 220 (E)
Search Aberfoyle AVE postal codes in HamiltonGIS Independent Study
Influence of Rivers on Culture
: at study in GIS
A
Comparison between Manitowoc, WI and Ludington, MI
: a study in dot density maps
Population vs. Area
: a study in a common dot density misconception
Land Elevation in Ann Arbor, MI
: a study in triangular irregular networksFrom inside the book
34 pages matching humor in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 34
What people are saying - Write a review
MY SISTER ROSEANNE: The True Story of Roseanne Barr ArnoldUser Review - Jane Doe - Kirkus
Standard entertainment news, with a sad story and some interesting Barr background, from a sibling with an ax to grind. Roseanne's wounded younger sister Geraldine tells her side of the story, from ... Read full review
My Sister Roseanne: The True Story of Roseanne Barr ArnoldUser Review - Not Available - Book Verdict
In this work, the author relates the transitions in her own life to events in the personal and professional life of her famous elder sister, Roseanne. The majority of the book recounts the actress ... Read full review
Common terms and phrases
Angeles Arnold audience became become began believe Beshert Bill Pentland Bobbe Mary Bobbe Mary's bookstore called career child comedian comedy clubs Comedy Store comic Cosby Show created Dad's daughter delighted Denver dollars fact father feel felt feminist friends girls Hollywood humor hurt husband idea involved Jessica Jewish Jim McCawley Johnny Carson jokes kids knew later laugh learned lesbian Little Rosey lives looked Louie Anderson married Matt Williams Maxine meant Mormon mother movie needed Nelvana never night parents perform person play problems realized relationship remember Roseanne Barr Roseanne Conner Roseanne's Rosey Rosey's Salt Lake City seemed sexual shared sister someone stand-up stand-up comedy star Stephanie story success tabloids talent talk television tell thought told took truth trying understand wanted woman women writingRelease Date: Feb 5, 2016
Record label: Bloodshot
Genre(s): Country, Folk, Pop/Rock
Janet Beveridge Bean and Catherine Irwin have been recording and performing as Freakwater for nearly 30 years. They were some of the first musicians to explicitly marry the bluegrass aesthetic with the punk rock ethos. Their songs embrace the American working class aesthetic with no smirk of irony, but without the blind worship of the recent convert, either..
When Freakwater made their first recordings in the late '80s, they set a template that would serve them well for the next 27 years: a darkly austere country sound rooted in the sisterly harmonies of Catherine Irwin and Janet Beveridge Bean. Making good use of a minimal backing band—often just their own guitars and an upright bass, with flourishes of pedal steel and electric guitar—they updated the downcast vocals of the Carter Family and wrote songs set in some alternate-reality American past. It seemed like there was a ghost or a corpse on every album..Warning: graphic photo below
BMX champion Caroline Buchanan has been severely injured in a car rollover.
Caroline Buchanan is in hospital recovering from a serious crash. Photo: Adam McGrath
The eight-time world champion posted a photo of herself on Instagram detailing her injuries, which included a broken sternum, broken nose and collapsed lungs.
She also posted an X-ray of her broken sternum.
She told her followers on Tuesday that she had been in intensive care, but had been moved into a private room in the New Year. She said she was OK and was "moving in a positive ... direction".
It had been a big 2017 for the 27-year-old until the crash - she won a world title in the mountain bike four cross after finishing second at the BMX world championships a few weeks earlier.
Buchanan was named the Elite BMX female cyclist of the year at the Cycling Australia awards in November and Canberra female athlete of the year in the 2017 ACT sport awards in December.
She competed in the 2016 Rio Olympics, crashing in the final of the BMX race.
While clearly seriously injured in the graphic pictures she shared, which included an X-ray of her broken sternum, in Buchanan's typical manner she still took the time to wish her 108,000 followers a Happy New Year.
"I wouldn't say 2017 ended quite as planned. It's been a rough couple of days in ICU after a vehicle roll," Buchanan said on Instagram on Tuesday night.
"I just moved to a private room and everything is moving in a positive recovery direction.
"Injuries are ... Broken Sternum, broken nose, collapsed lungs. I'll keep you guys up to date as we go. Happy New Year! Off season just got a little more tough!!"
The cycling community and Canberra athletes were quick to wish Buchanan a speedy recovery, with Matildas striker Michelle Heyman, former Hockeyroo Anna Flanagan, Australia's fastest ever 100-metre runner Melissa Breen, and two-time national cycling champion Gracie Elvin posting messages of support.
"Thinking of you and sending all my speedy recovery powers your way," Breen posted.
This story first appeared on The Sydney Morning HeraldArkadiusz Milczarek dedicated all his vocal and acting skills to one project to be the best Elvis impersonator there is, which we all associate with one of the biggest Vegas acts. Arek travelled all over Poland and even did international appearances, like the one in Budapest. He is a truly remarkable artist with passion and a perfect performer on stage. In the loving memory of Arek Milczarek, Krzysztof Milczarek (brother) has been generous enough to offer us the outfit that his brother wore that very night when he performed in Budapest. The King’s outfit was purchased in Memphis Tennessee from the only approved Elvis replica costume designer by Arek himself. His brother would like to auction it off at this year’s GOCC 2017 charity event in Luton, as it was at this very event 7 years ago that Arek delivered his unforgettable performance. Let us all gather in crowds on Saturday 14 January at the George II pub in Luton and bring along with us an Elvis fan-base to honour the King and Arek.
The outfit, which can be seen on out YouTube is without a doubt the most valuable thing to be present at this event, especially when we take ourselves back to that unforgettable night in Budapest. 14 January we ask you to not only come along and have fun, but to support the charity and the initiative of Arek’s loved one’s who it must have taken a lot to part with this sentimental and one of a kind item. Every year the auctions of the Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity are not only there to raise money, but to provide a form of entertainment and community spirit amongst those present. It is an amalgamation of fun, laughter, rivalry, comedy and so much more. Every year it is always those who have the least that give the most, who auction off items for more than what they can give due to the moving and unique nature of the event. Therefore, remember- that not only are you buying a great piece of someone’s life or the memory honouring them, you are also helping young, ill children who are in that moment of need from people like you and me.
Author: Slawek Orwat
Translator: Dorota Bogdaniuk
Brak komentarzy:
Prześlij komentarzCustomer Reviews
Average Rating: 5
ta-18 is all you need
I just needed basic stuff for my truck and the TA-18 provides all I need for Security and roadside Assistance. It is bright and can be seen in direct sunlight. Anonymous (19 Feb 2017, 22:03)
TA-18
Great little light couldnt be happier installed very easily to inside of vehicle .Jerry Atkins (24 Apr 2016, 16:36)
Write Review
Please enter a valid email address.
This field is required.As previously reported, for the benchmark 10th season the cast of characters will include Nene Leakes, Porsha Williams, Sheree Whitfield, Cynthia Bailey, Kandi Burruss and Kenya Moore, while Kim Zolciak holds ‘friend’ status this year.
I apologize. I totally jumped the gun this morning with that unofficial trailer clip.
Check out the OFFICIAL 2+ minute extended trailer for season 10 below.
VIDEO: RHOA Season 10 Extended Trailer… (FULL)
We have been discussing many of the things revealed in the extended trailer all Summer long.
Nene is back and battling dayum near EVERYBODY.
Kandi is dealing with everybody EXCEPT Porsha.
Sheree Whitfield is taking Phaedra’s place with her new ‘prison bae’.
[READ: Exclusive Details About Sheree Whtifield & Tyrone Gilliams Prison Romance… ]
Kenya Moore’s marriage is questionable.
[READ: Kenya Moore Shares “Drunk In Love” Clip of Wedding Day…]
Cynthia Bailey’s new relationship is questionable.
[READ: Cut The Check! Cynthia Bailey Hires New Boyfriend… ]
Porsha’s existence on the show is questionable.
[READ: Porsha & Kim = The New ‘Frick & Frack’?]
Kim Zolciak-Bierman’s entire face is questionable.
Yup… I think that about sums it up.
So far, no Phaedra Parks sightings but her fans are still holding out hope that there may have been a glimpse of her in the trailer. I didn’t see it though.
RHOA returns for Season 10 on Sunday, November 5 at 8/7c.By the joint efforts of the Institute of Armenian Studies of YSU and Faculty of History an international conference on the 100th anniversary of the heroic battle of Musa Ler took place in YSU Palyans hall on September 17. The conference was attended by the Central Commission on the 100th anniversary of the heroic battle of Musa Ler, “Musa Ler” Youth Union, representatives of Sardarapat state museum of ethnography and history of the national liberation struggle of Armenia and Archeology and Ethnography Institute of NAS RA.
Various issues starting from the description of demographic issues till historical ones, from the discussion of ethnographic issues till language and literature will be represented at the conference”. At the end of the speech, Hovhannisyan added that the best reports will be published in YSU IAS Journal “Armenological Issues”.
Then the head of the central commission on the 100th anniversary of heroic battle of Musa Ler, Yesayi Havatyan, thanked the RA Ministry of Diaspora, Rector of YSU, Aram Simonyan and the deputy director of IAS Mher Hovhannisyan for the support and the organization of the event. He also expressed his gratitude to all the participants.
The Vice-Minister of RA Ministry of Diaspora, Serzh Srapionyan, greeted all the participants on behalf of Hranush Hakobyan and especially the descendants of Musa Ler who came here from Ayntchar. “Currently it is more than necessary to organize such a conference in the frame of the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide so as to show everybody that the Armenian people didn’t retreat but struggled for their rights and what they had”,- said S. Srapionyan.
The representative of “Musa Ler” Youth Union, Ani Pashayan, also greeted those presents and the participants of the conference. “The conference on Musa Ler heroic battle held in Yerevan State University can become an important platform in Armenia in the discussion and analysis of scientific and historical and cultural issues. The heroic battle of Musa Ler is the inseparable part of the historical and cultural past of the Armenian people, and thus, “Musa Ler” Youth Union expresses its gratitude to those who represent the history of the battle in scientific platforms”,-said Ani Pashayan.
The dean of the Faculty of History, Doctor in Historical Sciences, professor Edik Minasyan, lecturer Gegham Badalyan, Candidate in Historical Sciences, professor Ashot Nersisyan, Yesayi Havatyan, head of the Institute “Arpa” of California Hakob Panosyan, researcher of the museum of ethnography and history of the national liberation struggle of Armenia, Svetlana Poghosyan, Khoren Grigoryan, representative of the Archeology and Ethnography Institute, Doctor in Historical Sciences Harutyun Marutyan delivered reports at the conference. The reports referred to the history of the heroic battle, demographic composition of the population Suedia, expressions of identity, cultural and linguistic characteristics of Musa Ler. The conference ended with a with thematic and active discussion.
Back
This upcoming June the Coastal Horizon’s Center will hold their annual luncheon at the Wilmington Convention Center. The luncheon will serve as a fundraiser and will feature Hall of Fame quarterback and Steeler great Terry Bradshaw as the keynote speaker.
The Shreveport, Louisiana native, Terry Bradshaw, had aspirations to play in the NFL early in his life and decided to play college football at Louisiana Tech University. When Bradshaw first got to Louisiana Tech he was second on the depth chart behind Duck Dynasty Star Phil Robertson and after his junior and senior season was considered the number one quarterback in the nation by multiple professional scouts. Bradshaw was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers at number one overall in the 1970 NFL Draft and became the full time starter his second season with the Steelers. After a few seasons to adjust to the NFL, Bradshaw helped lead the Steelers to eight AFC Central titles and four Super Bowl titles. Bradshaw’s strong arm paired with Lynn Swann proved to be a winning combination and in 1978 helped Bradshaw win the MVP award behind a league leading 28 touchdowns. In 1983 after an elbow injury Bradshaw would retire from professional football with over 200 touchdown passes and multiple team and personal accomplishments. Immediately after his retirement, Bradshaw became an analyst for CBS and today continues that job for FOX Sports. In 2006 Bradshaw decided to donate his four Super Bowl Rings, College Football Hall of Fame ring, Pro Football Hall of Fame ring and bust, and a jersey from one his Super Bowl victories to his alma mater Louisiana Tech. Along with his work as an analyst, Bradshaw has also made appearances in several movies such as Hooper and Failure to Launch.
This upcoming June, Terry Bradshaw will deliver the keynote address at the Coastal Horizon Center’s Annual 2016 Luncheon. The occasion is a fundraising event and should prove to have a great turnout and with Bradshaw will also have some sizzle.
If your company is interested in finding out availability and booking fees for a hall of fame quarterback such as Terry Bradshaw or other sports celebrities for a Keynote Speech, Fundraiser Event, Guest Appearance, or Football Camp, call us at 1-888-246-7141.
Watch Terry Bradshaw Highlights:
No one has said anything yet.Tuesday, March 1
Suspicious vehicle: At 1:41 p.m., police responded to a report of a suspicious vehicle on Greenville Road. Police found the concern unfounded.
Assist: At 4:23 p.m., police assisted a citizen on Fitchburg Road.
Shots fired: At 5:45 p.m., police investigated a report of gunshots on Hurricane Hill Road. Police could not locate anyone firing a weapon.
Wednesday, March 2
Suspicious activity: At 9:02 a.m., police investigated a report of suspicious activity on Greenville Road.
Advice: At 1:35 p.m., police gave advice to a resident on Townsend Road.
Thursday, March 3
Suspicious vehicle: At 11:17 a.m., police investigated a report of a suspicious vehicle on Starch Mill Road. Police found the car to belong to an Eversource contractor.
Friday, March 4
Medical call: At 12:49 p.m., police responded to a medical emergency on Depot Road.
Sex offender registry: At 5:01 p.m., a citizen spoke with an officer to update his information on the sex offender registry.
Monday, March 7
Medical call: At 1:14 p.m., police assisted with a medical emergency on Jackson Road.
Assist: At 2:06 p.m., police assisted Temple-Greenville Police Department with a road rage incident.
Advice: At 3:14 p.m., police gave advice to a resident in reference to a landlord and tenant issue on Townsend Road.
Wednesday, March 9
Patrol: At 11:54 a.m., police conducted an extra patrol in the area of Scripps Lane.
Animal control: At 11:56 a.m., police assisted with the transport of an injured stray cat to Brookline Animal Hospital. The cat tested negative for rabies.
Thursday, March 10
Motor vehicle complaint: At 4:28 p.m., police responded to Old Ashby road for a report of a white truck driving erratically.
Saturday, March 12
Alarm: 8:45 a.m., police responded to an alarm on Hurricane Hill Road. It was found to be a false alarm.
Medical call: At 10:50 a.m., police assisted the Temple-Greenville Police Department with a medical call.
Monday, March 14
Medical call: at 11:14 a.m., police responded to medical emergency on Briggs Road.
Illegal burn: At 5:55 p.m., police responded to a possible illegal burn. Police found that a burn permit had been issued by the Fire Department.
Tuesday, March 15
Criminal mischief: At 1:22 p.m., police investigated reports of criminal mischief to mail boxes all along Brookline Road and Townsend Road.
Drivers license prohibitions: At 6:17 p.m., police arrested Paige Baxter, 18, of Ashby, Massachusetts, on a warrant charging her with drivers license prohibitions.
Wednesday, March 16
Alarm: At 3:02 p.m. police investigated an alarm on Darling Hill Road. The alarm was found to be accidental.
Alarm: At 5:38 p.m., police responded to alarm on Valley Road. Police secured the building. It was found to be a false alarm.
Friday, March 18
Shots fired: At 3:25 p.m., police received a report of a stray bullet on Hurricane Hill Road.
Saturday, March 19
Suspicious activity: At 9:07 a.m., police investigated a report of suspicious activity on Pratt Pond Road. It was unfounded.
Drug use: At 1:41 p.m., police found drug paraphernalia near Gillman Hill Road and Brookline Road.
Monday, March 21
Alarm: At 7:03 p.m., police responded to an alarm on Valley Road. It was found to be a false alarm.
Tuesday, March 22
VIN: At 1:28 p.m., police verified a vehicle identification number for a Hurricane Hill Road resident.
Wednesday, March 23
Assist: At 9:52 a.m., police assisted Brookline Police Department with searching for a dirt bike operator the department was chasing. Police did not locate the operator.
Scam: At 11:34 a.m., police took a report from a Gilman Hill Road resident of a possible phone scam.
Paperwork service: At 11:42 a.m., police assisted the Sheriff’s Department as paperwork was served to a Barrett Hill Road resident.
Thursday, March 24
Suspicious vehicle: At 11:24 a.m., police investigated a report of a suspicious vehicle on Reed Road.
Friday, March 25
Paperwork service: At 2:44 p.m., police served paperwork to a Brookline Road resident.
Saturday, March 26
Drug paraphernalia: At 11:02 a.m., police found drug paraphernalia near Gilman Hill Road at the Brookline town line.
Tuesday 03-29-16
Road Hazard: At 1118 Officer responded to debris on Darling Hill Rd. Fallen tree on live wires.
Suspicious vehicle: At 1139 Officer investigated suspicious vehicle at Pratt Pond. Unfounded.
Patrol: At 1743 due to a complaint, police monitored area near Townsend Rd and Laurel Hill Rd for speeding.
Sex Offender Registry: At 6:55 p.m., a registered sex offender came to station for re-registration.
Animal Control: At 1856, report of found white dog on Jackson Rd. Returned to owner.
Thursday 03-31-16
Road Hazard: 1436: Police assisted New Ipswich PD with blocking Old Turnpike Rd due to downed tree across the road.
Road Hazard: 1523: Officer responded to tree on wires near Nutting Hill Rd and Batchelder Rd.
Road Hazard: 1710: Directed patrol near Townsend Rd. and Laurel Hill Rd.
This post be will updated as the month progresses. However, no further email notices will be sent for updates until next month.
February 2016 logs can be found here, April 2016 logs here.BHLDN Valentina Gown with Sheer Elegance - 20 Best Choices of Sheath Wedding Dress - EverAfterGuide
Rosa Clara 2016 bridal collection-love the dress but take away the flower
(via Stone Fox Bride and Savannah Miller Launch a Bridal Collection for Fall 2016 - Vogue)
See the best designer wedding dress looks from Spring 2017 Bridal fashion week, from the likes of Marchesa, Elie Saab and Oscar de la Renta.
Peter Copping created an elegant outing for Oscar de la Renta Bridal's spring 2017 collection. Designing for the traditional bride, with modern touches inThe 2-Minute Rule for programming assignment help
I received practically prompt replies to all my e-mails and he was much more than willing to take care of any errors there might have been or remedy any concerns I may need had. Helping individuals with programming is his job and he can take it quite critically and does a magnificent position at it. I can not thank him enough for every one of the help he has offered me."
Down below yow will discover placement charges and other info personalized for your preferred campus and application. Sure disclosures are released on this website to assist college students in knowledge the specifics with regards to their courses.
With C++ Project help and online tutoring we Guantee that many of the achievable demands of scholars relevant to C++ are fulfilled.
One of the better java project Suggestions to work on. This project enables the developer to go through every single nuance of web-improvement and will even require a robust databases within the backend.
I might give my assignments per day ahead of and he would anyhow get it done with no hesitations and I'd personally even now get entire score on my Projects and Assignments. I'm essentially a really busy man or woman Operating and going to highschool is basically nerve-racking, but when Sam is there you can sleep pretty peacefully, with no pressure. He is rather friendly and would comprehend your requirements, urgency and excellent of the work as per your preferences. I study in the testimonies and folks were complaining about the prices he charges, I'd personally say if you have to get your get the job done accomplished in just one working day who would want to do it? No-one but Sam, and the standard is one hundred%. For my part I might hugely endorse his services, remember to discuss with him and he will get by way of your assignments just like comprehensive focus and error free. I was troubled a pupil having challenging time in my profession but utilizing his companies I'm near obtaining my diploma Pretty much. Thanks a great deal Sam, I very appreciate your services to me.
It experienced the final some several hours to post my assignment, I had been anxious, I had been inquiring to my buddies to help to accomplish my assignment. One among my good friends encouraged to look my assignment on Net then I googled and obtained lovelycoding.
Educational facilities can use This technique for retaining a tab to the health and fitness and will allow people today to make sure a healthier ecosystem. This one system will allow universities to handle diseased people today superior.
Your physics homework could be a genuine challenge, and also the thanks date could be truly close — Be at liberty to use our help and have the desired consequence. Physics
Our staff of handpicked programmers tend to be the essential to our SAS and Matlab programming help. All of our programmers hold degrees from accredited establishments. Every single programmer has also invested a few years in the field giving them with considerable true globe working experience. We may also be aware of the problems many pupils deal with monetarily, and our very affordable charges have been set appropriately, to ensure that every scholar can make use of our programming help.
R is a versatile and effective scripting language used for info analytics and visualizations. As a result of its meaningful syntax and consumer pleasant consumer interface, it's developed in attraction not long ago. R is definitely an open and cost-free resource programming language. With its rapid enhancement, producing consumer Local community and entire host of programs offered, it sticks out as An important Instrument in an facts researcher’s Instrument kit.
Enterprise this java project concept, as your closing 12 months project will help you understand the need of your hour. People require a System in which they could share their issues and study methods for them.
Pretty Coding would be the among the finest Web page for acquiring computer science projects online. Lovely Coding is helping 40+ people day-to-day from all throughout the world to generate projects in numerous programming languages.
We have an elite team of highly capable tutors! Other online tutoring services employ big figures of college learners and housewives With all the hope that somebody might be our website able to help. We are very selective and decide on only the most beneficial qualified tutors for each academic subject matter.Academics
The Graduate Studies offers the Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Master of Science in Accounting and Information Systems (MSAIS). Other programs include foreign exchange with France, internships, and joint research. The strongest area of study is computer information systems. The most popular courses are International Management and Marketing. Regular programs bring distinguished speakers and visiting professors to campus.
Thirty-six total credits are required to complete the MBA, including 12 elective credits. Required courses include:
- Accounting and Business Decisions
- Managerial Economics
- Financial Analysis
- Information Systems Management and Applications
- Study of Organizations
- Seminar in Operations Management
- Marketing Management
- Business Policy Substitutions are permitted for equivalent course work under certain conditions.
Business students may take relevant nonbusiness courses in other departments. The maximum time permitted to complete the master’s degree program attending full or part time is 6 years.
There are 120 total full-time graduate business faculty, of whom 95% hold a doctorate. Faculty salaries are rated average for Category IIA institutions, based on the AAUP rating system. Average number of credit hours faculty teach is 9; average business class size is 25.Directions
From Kyoto station (please refer to the partially English google directions)
View Larger Map
Or an alternative (google might suggest you few different directions)
Take Karasuma-line’s Kokusai-Kaikan bound (210 yen)
Get off at Shijo station (2nd stop)
Transfer to Hankyo Kyoto-line (150 yen)
Get off at Kawara-machi station (1st stop)
Walk towards East about 8 mins (You’ll see reddish Yasaka Shrine ahead)
When you see Starbucks on your right hand side, find a hall-like alley on your left, then go into the alley.Learning Badges can be used as symbolic motivators for particular achievements in an online course. We design badge sets for E-learning and can create custom designs on request. To learn more about Learning Badges we recommend you read about the Open Badges movement and how badges are being used to motivate learners but also for recognition of skills learned on the web. Our Badges are not ‘baked’ with meta-data, they are just icons ready to customise or use to make up your own variety of Badges.
V2Badge Specifications
- 256 X 256 px
- .PNG file format
- Easy to Customise with your own Colour / Text
- Use in Moodle LMS or other Badge systems.
Download your Free Set of V2Badges Now [ Office Theme ]
*Includes (17 Office/Management Themed badges, 1 PDF Set, 1 Themed Course Banner. )Robin buys a newly-issued Treasury bond, Treasury note, and Treasury bill. Which will mature and be repaid by the government LAST? a. Treasury bond c. Treasury bill b. Treasury note d. either Treasury bond or Treasury bill
Get your free account and access expert answers to this and thousands of other questions
Looking for something else?
Not the answer you are looking for? Search for more explanations.[deleted account] ( 25 moms have responded )
I can't wait to hear the responses! I'm going to think on this one for a while. I'm not particularly spontaneous.
- Helpful
- Nice
- Funny (3)
- Encouraging (3)
- Hugs
-
[deleted account] ( 25 moms have responded )
I can't wait to hear the responses! I'm going to think on this one for a while. I'm not particularly spontaneous.
This conversation has been closed to further comments
Emma - posted on 08/10/2011
1,590
15
114
Well most of my life was lived by the jump first ask questions later mentality that was in till the kids now if its not been planed i just cant be asked. Going on holiday and not going home for 3 years.
Getting married to my now hubby of 5 1/2 years 3 months after we first met.
Driving 9 hours to go to a concert coz someone had a spare ticket only to drive back the same night.
ect ect
April - posted on 12/04/2010
3,420
16
263
take a random trip to Burlington VT, with my hubby and then 7 month old son.
when i was 3, i took off all of my clothes and went skinny dipping in the family pool while my mom was taking a nap!
Rosie - posted on 12/02/2010
8,657
30
321
wow joanna!!! that most certainly is spontaneous, lol! hopefully i'll do something crazy once my boys leave the house. only 15 more years, lol!!
Ashley - posted on 12/02/2010
863
2
161
Hitchhiking all around bc because i felt like it.
Driving to Ontario
Most my Boyfriends lol
Moving to northern BC
Jo - posted on 12/02/2010
541
0
47
The corruption :| I was ... taken advantage of ... and manhandled ... by a Montreal police officer. I can understand French, by putting bits together for the most part, I just can't speak it for the life of me... I was a lil drunk ... he stopped me and my friends, he let my friends go and they went to a second cup around the corner to wait for me and he called me all sorts of names and figured that because I was some English speaking non-quebecer that meant he was allowed to do with me as he wanted... I'm pretty sure the only reason he didn't full on rape me was because my friend called a bouncer friend of ours who showed up to ask him what was going on...
As for bald heads... when I was 12 I had hair down past my ass, it pissed me off one day so I took a pair of scissors to it... my mom was not impressed to say the least!
Charlie - posted on 12/02/2010
11,203
111
409
OMG how could I have forgotten telling Jamie I was getting a haircut and came home with a shaved bald head !
Caitlin - posted on 12/02/2010
1,915
5
172
Luckily having grown up here I speak both fluently, without the language issues, i`d never leave (as it is, we`re hoping to leave Quebec soon - i'm sick of the politics and corruption)
Jo - posted on 12/02/2010
541
0
47
I miss it a lot :(
I don't even speak French and dealt with a lot of cranky old French people, and I still loved it lol
Caitlin - posted on 12/02/2010
1,915
5
172
Montreal is great, it has such a vibe about it, there is so much to do and the food is AMAZING because you can find any cultural food around (i`m sure you could find haggis even, but i`m not sure why you`d want to). The festivals are great and the nightlife is amazing!
Jo - posted on 12/02/2010
541
0
47
I absolutely LOVED it! I lived in Beaconsfield for the most part but I was downtown Montreal nearly every night. My friend Julian had an apartment in Old Montreal, oh my... I spent so much time there, sitting on his balcony, that was literally 3 feet by 4 feet and rickity as hell lol it was just so gorgeous ♥
I spent a lot of time at Aria, Stereo and Blue Dog... I window shopped a lot too lol St Laurent St ♥ ♥ ♥ Barri St scared the shit outta me lol
The absolute most amazing thing that happened to me while in Montreal was at the Jazz Festival. I met and got to talk to Divine Earth Essence and Erykah Badu....... I guess that could be one of the spontaneous things I could add to my list lol I walked up to Erykah Badu behind the gates and told her she was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen lol she gave me a hug and DEE came over and she had just been on stage... AMAZINNNNNG! I told them I was amazed by their talent and asked if they would mind sharing their time with me... we went to a lil table and sat down and had a mango drink while talking about the Jazz festival and how much energy you get from the people in the crowds.
We're supposed to be going to Toronto for my sisters wedding in 2012... I'm hoping that we can leave the kids with my family for a night and I can take Devon to Montreal to show him some places I wish I could have taken with me when I left lol
Caitlin - posted on 12/02/2010
1,915
5
172
Heh.. Jodi, how'd you like Montreal? I live just north of it, and grew up in the city!
Jo - posted on 12/02/2010
541
0
47
Oh my... this one is... a good one lol
- lots of piercings... everywhere...
- moving to Montreal @ 17, Mark came to BC and said we could have fun back in Montreal where he was from, so I told my parents I was moving to Montreal and asked if I could borrow $400 for a ticket... booked the ticket the next day and moved to Montreal a week later.
- moving to Australia @ 21, I asked my parents and grandparents to lend me the $2100, bought the ticket and then told Jake to pick me up at the airport the day before his birthday.
- Got home from Aus, Jake told me he cheated on me with some girl and got her knocked up, I bought a bus ticket, quit my job & went to my friends in PG the next day.
- bought $750 Lithium jeans instead of paying rent
- dancing to make some quick $$
- dating Devon
There's lots more... lots lots lots more... from 15 until I started dating Devon in 2008, I did what I wanted. If I wanted to move, I moved. If I didn't want to do 1 job, I quit and got another. I kinda just lived completely spontaneously.
Caitlin - posted on 12/02/2010
1,915
5
172
Oh.. Some good ones:
-Shaved my head and got a tattoo on my scalp (the tattoo artist seriously asked me if I was drunk)
-Nipple piercing, lip piercing, nose piercing, double industrial piercing (not at the same time, but both were very spontaneous).
I'm sure there's more - Oh yeah, I drove 8 hours to visit a guy i'd been playing World of Warcraft with online for a long time, we had an awesome weekend of Playing video games and.. *that's all actually* - even though he was really really hot...
Amanda - posted on 12/01/2010
697
15
25
-airborne school (a slot opened up, i said sure why not and was on a plane the next day!)
-my tattoo
-pierced my own eyebrow one night when i was bored
-chopped all of my hair off super short
-died my hair bright red
that kind of stuff
Jackie - posted on 12/01/2010
1,415
44
72
ok I lied - I did a few things without thinking it through. I got a tattoo on vacation in florida. I got my nipple pierced PROFESSIONALLY but the bitch got the needle stuck and I almost passed out so I wouldn't let her touch the other one after I had already paid for it. grrr. I just took it out when I got preggers with Allison.
I will also admit that I slept with a few randoms without thinking it through or palnning it... but hey... shit happens
Charlie - posted on 12/01/2010
11,203
111
409
I pierced Jamies nipple cause I was bored haha with a blunt end of my tongue bar .
Tah - posted on 12/01/2010
7,412
22
400
getting married.....
[deleted account]
Okay, how about planned spontaneity? Does that exist? My husband and I had been dating for four months when we proposed (first laid eyes on each other six months before) and we were married six months later. We would have gotten married right away, but we decided to be kind to our families. My parents were still helping me financially at the time and his parents live out of state. I would have regretted a spontaneous wedding for that reason.
Other than that, I guess my first few years of college I was slightly spontaneous. I live a 1.5 hr. drive from New Orleans so there was a lot of random time spent down there...where some spontaneous stuff just sort of happens. One night in particular we had gone swing dancing in our favorite spot, Rock N Bowl (just like it sounds...a bar, a dance club and bowling alley all rolled into one). When it closed we wanted to go to Bourbon. I was the DD and bad with directions and got lost, tried to make a U-turn hit the curb, knocked the bumper off my car. I promise, I wasn't drinking. One of the guys that was with us randomly said he had keys to a church about a block away (he worked there or something) so we all got out and walked to this church at 1 am. In the Big Easy, the murder capital of the South...very smart. We stole some duct tape and taped my car up and went on our way. On the way home to BR at about 4 am that morning, a huge thunderstorm hit and the duct tape gave out. We drove 25 mph all the way home and got back around 10 am.
Yes, that's my wildest night. I'm such a rebel.
Jocelyn - posted on 12/01/2010
5,165
42
275
Hmmm... getting a tattoo (Jordan "hey can I tattoo this on you?" Me "why?" Jordan "Because I want to do it" Me "sure go for it.")
Mud wrestling.
Random threesome.
Skinny dipping.
"Borrowing" a car...ahem...
Piercing my nipple.
Piercing my friends nipple (in a tent, at night, for the hell of it lol)
Deciding to sleep with Jordan (he was NOT my type at all :P)
Rosie - posted on 12/01/2010
8,657
30
321
i'm not spontaneous. i would be if i didn't have kids. i would love to take up and go somewhere and not have to worry about anything with the boys. i've always had children since i've been with my hubby, so it puts a damper on things. last year was when we got our honeymoon to hawaii - 6 years after we got married, lol.
Jackie - posted on 12/01/2010
1,415
44
72
spontaneity isn't even in my vocabulary. That's something else I should probably add to the "what would you change" thread.
Caitlin - posted on 12/01/2010
1,915
5
172
Umm, I would have to say go camping.. We were out one afternoon, decided we wanted to do something more on our vacation, so we packed up the van and left at 3am for camping (and we drove 19 hours to get there, so it wasn't a close camping thing) and we didn't really have anything "camping" besides a tent, so we inprovised the rest, it was.. interesting, especially when our 8 month old at the time decided to scream at 3am.. (we went for a car ride to avoid waking up the whole campground).
Got a matching tattoo with my now husband (at the time we had been together 2 months). The matching tattoo thing was something I never thought i'd do, but I designed it and we both liked it, so we went for it..
Sign up for Circle of Moms and be a part of this community! Membership is just one click away.Join Circle of Moms
MOST HELPFUL POSTS
Amber - posted on 12/02/2010
1,909
13
145
About 6 years ago, on July 3rd, my best friend and I decided to go visit a couple of guys that she knew about 5 hours away. We got there in the middle of the night so that we would be ready for the Independence Day party and rafting the next day.
We drove the 5 hours, and one of the guys that I met that weekend ended up being the man of my dreams :) And the future father of my children. Luckily for me, he was from my town and just visiting his brother for the holiday.
Best decision ever.
Joanna - posted on 12/02/2010
2,096
19
137
I went to Tijuana on a blind date... I'd just moved to California from North Dakota and my best friend/roomate set me up on a date with one of her co-workers. He picked me up and we were on our way to DAve & Buster's (restaurant/game center) and he joked about going to Tijuana, and I said sure, so we turned around and went! It was an alcohol/drug/sex crazed night I'm glad I had but would never do again!
Charlie - posted on 11/30/2010
11,203
111
409
Gosh lots of things :
Get a tattoo ( decided there and then and I love it )
move 600KM away from home ( decided that and left the next week )
Multitude of piercings ( only kept one)
Jump off a boat naked at 2 Am ,
There are so many more I have to reminisce LOL.Today, I say a silent prayer for those who are compelled by fear. I recognize that fear is a cry for love. I understand that an emotional or physical attack is a cry for love. I open my arms and heart to those who are afraid to love. I practice compassion, acceptance and understanding and pray that all fear will one day be replaced with love in the hearts and minds of all sentient beings. ~ Namaste… PamelaAbove are the results of unscrambling gametogenesi. Using the word generator and word unscrambler for the letters G A M E T O G E N E S I, we unscrambled the letters to create a list of all the words found in Scrabble, Words with Friends, and Text Twist. We found a total of 780 words by unscrambling the letters in gametogenesi..This car came in like a hurricane, crushing the internet and taking home the title of BEST WRAP & HOTTEST WHIP of GoldRush Rally 7 2015. “Psycho Hurricane” features a full custom printed Luster Chrome wrap on a 2015 Lamborghini Huracan, powder coated wheels, window tint and custom RGB lighting in front grills, rear grills and entire engine bay too. Reflective pin stripes on the car and the wheels give it an incredible look at night.
Avery Silver Chrome, Avery Black Chrome, Avery DOL-1370 Luster Lamination, Avery high visibility 1200 Black Reflective. Custom chameleon color changing headlight tint film.
Are you an installer? Showcase your work and reach customers by creating an Installer Profile today, it's 100% free.Hello everyone!! Today I am sharing with you a simple
small card that can be used in a variety of ways.
This little card only measure 4 1/2" tall and 3 " wide.
I needed something small to tuck into a gift bag with a gift.
The image I used is a colored printable from
Sherri Baldy My Besties
This little sweetie is from the Little Dimples Collection.
Just print out to your size you want and cut out.
I used a tri-fold design and cut a window on the front (left side) panel
to add a frame effect for my girl.
I printed my sentiment and flower elements. The paper and flowers
are available on a CD from Sherri Baldy My Besties.
There are tons of papers, elements and digis available along
with colored printables on these CDs.
I used a Anna Griffith embossing folder to emboss the right inside panel
to try and match the rose theme I was starting to develop on this
and love how it came together.
Want to see more projects with printables? Come visit
and check out all the printables and papers that are available.
Thanks for having a look and hope to see you next time.
Happy CraftingThe.Here's a press release from the Patriot's Coalition, a group from the Soutwest that would like to see real security instituted along the border with Mexico...
Rob and Susan Krentz
.
Good Samaritan Rancher Killed After
Providing Help To Illegal Alien
The discussion about comprehensive solutions is over. Words are no longer necessary. The discussion is now human rights and border secutity. alien, there is no doubt that the United States government is complicit in this horrendous crime. As stated in the below article, Tom Tancredo had visited rancher Krentz four years ago and was visiting Cochise County for a Tea Party when he got the news about Rob Krentz's murder. Border Patrol is tracking two illegal aliens thought to be headed back to Mexico. Tom Tancredo is calling for National Guard because Napolitano has lied about the border being more secure than any time in history. Rancher Krentz is not the only martyr to failed policy. Each and every day 25 Americans die at the hands of illegal aliens. Each and every year that equals three times the number that died at the WTC on 9/11. Where's the outrage ? Where's their memorial?
Escalating violence along our borders must be stopped. The aroma of amnesty is now fueling an already out of control invasion from the south. The tens of thousands crossing our borders illegally from the south are now creating mischief and engaging in criminal behavior. Al Garza, President of Patriots Coalition, and Pat Byrne, Executive Director of Patriots Coalition, are calling on all patriots to remain calm until HQ has had enough time to probe, evaluate, and strategize due to the senceless murder of yet another innocent American.
Pat Byrne
Executive Director
Patriots Coalition
Al Garza
President
Patriots Coalition
1 comment:
NAFTA! What does it have in common with drug trafficking and illegal immigration? Last night it was made all to obnoxiously clear to me and everybody else who watched the very revealing National Geographic cable channel. Its made blatantly obvious that--FREE TRADE--from Mexico, is more important than the protection of the population of the United States by our own politicians. Each day thousands of 18 wheelers cross the border, to the gargantuan profit the owners of large American corporations with products manufactured the other side of the border. Thus cutting out the American worker and higher wages paid. But amongst that "Free Trade" is hidden large quantities of every conceivable narcotic, that the majority slips undetected past our undermanned, underfunded border. The border fence is an absolute parody when Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano tells the nation that the border is far more secure? That's yet another joke thats on citizens, expressly the Americans who live in the border region.
Communications is limited to Sheriffs and police enforcement, DEA, the US border Patrol because their is no single designated frequency and never have enough men-women. THIS IS THE TIME WE MUST INSIST ON EVERY BORDER STATE, PICKETING ARMED NATIONAL GUARD, TO REINFORCE THE US BORDER PATROL. This is an absolute fabrication, because the TV documentary showed the tracks of drug smugglers called (Mules) hiking across millions of acres of desert and open range. One farmer, exposed to the viewer the miles of a three-stranded, rusted barbed wire, shallow river crossings and the hundreds of tracks of illegal aliens crossing into his land. The politicians can pretend that the border between us and them is sealed, but it is not a practical joke to the ranchers. They explain they cannot leave their homes, unless they are armed and has been this way for ten years or more.
Its a literary a horror story of homes ransacked, cattle fences cut and piles of human garbage left behind. Everybody has a price, which includes the environmentalists who remain quiet to trash left in the desert. The whole truth resonated throughout the majority of the independent media, when a elderly Rancher, a humanitarian was slain for some obscure reason. Found dead slumped across his ATV, the investigators followed the footprints back to the border line and suspect drug traffickers? Just a month ago Homeland Security resources were cut that included further construction of the fence..
It's all to easy to fool the man -women in the street, who have never viewed the FENCE? Just like E-Verify that rejects illegal nationals from the workforce or the local police enforcement program 287 (g) It's like a repeat performance to inform the public that the people they voted in to office are working for their interest, when in fact they are pandering to a corrupt foreign government or the open border organizations. The list is long, but they are headed by Sen. Reid, Sen. McCain, Speaker pelosi, Sen. Graham, Sen. Schumer as all are involved as an advocacy of illegal immigration. WANT THE TRUTH ABOUT THE BORDER FENCE, go to AMERICANPATROLSports News
No. 21 Kentucky Wildcats win 2nd straight, beats Vandy 74 TERESA M. WALKER
N.
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: With Quade Green out, Gilgeous-Alexander is showing why coach John Calipari had such a hard decision about who to start at point guard. He played 39 minutes along with Diallo.
Vanderbilt: The Commodores have lost seven games this season by single digits, and three of their four SEC losses all have been by single digits. ....
---
More AP college basketball: and.
---
Follow Teresa M. Walker at
Updated January 13, 2018Every month, we waste $5.6 billion that could be spent on little things like education, infrastructure, environmental protection, or emergency preparedness.
George W. Bush - fighting the "terrorists" there so your grandmom can die in a flood here.
And holy shit, I'll add that at this moment on CNN I hear that the Washington bureaucrats are crying that they are being unfairly targeted for the poor disaster response. Ah, boo fucking who, poor George I feel for ya. I'm sure those fuckers will spin this botched response as intensely as the spin of the hurricane winds that hit the coast.
Technorati Tags: George Bush, Iraq, Katrina, New Orleans, Politics, WarBackcountry Film Fest At The Wilma - 2/2 - Missoula, Montana
The Wilma & Montana Backcountry Alliance present the 13th Annual Winter Wildlands Alliance Backcountry Film Festival, showing in Missoula on February 2, 2018 at The Wilma. All proceeds benefit Montana Backcountry Alliance.
Friday, February 2 at 7 PM - 10 PM at the local level to inspire and educate the backcountry community to protect and care for their winter landscapes. Funds raised at each screening stay in the local community to support human-powered recreation and conservation efforts, winter education and avalanche/safety programs and to raise awareness of winter management issues. ... nt_bc180.337 S Knolls Way, Centennial
- 3
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Baths
- 1,980
- SQ. Feet
- 0
- Acres
Original owner- well kept home. Three bedroom with 2 full baths upstairs. New windows and new patio door. Kitchen has newer stainless steel appliances and Corian counter tops. Bay window in living room with gas fireplace. Patio has retractable awning and water fountain on timer. Great neighborhood that is within walking distance to shops and trails. PLEASE READ BROKER REMARKS
Essential Information
- MLS® #:
- 4972969
- Price:
- $275,000
- Bedrooms:
- 3
- Bathrooms:
- 3.00
- Full Baths:
- 2
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 1,980
- Acres:
- 0.00
- Year Built:
- 1979
- Type:
- Townhome/Condo
- Sub-Type:
- Attached Single Family
- Style:
- Townhouse
- Status:
- Sold
Community Information
- Address:
- 7337 S Knolls Way
- Subdivision:
- Knolls West
- City:
- Centennial
- County:
- Arapahoe
- State:
- CO
- Zip Code:
- 80122
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Clubhouse, Community Pool, Exterior Maintenance w/out Roof, Grounds Maintenance, Snow Removal, Tennis Courts, Trash Removal, Water
- Parking Spaces:
- 2
Interior
- Interior Features:
- Cable Available, Double Pane Windows, Eating Space / Kitchen, Master Bath, Pet Free
- Appliances:
- Dishwasher, Disposal, Freezer, Microwave Oven, Refrigerator (Kitchen), Refrigerator (Other), Self-Cleaning Oven, Smoke Alarm, Stove/Range/Oven
- Heating:
- Forced Air
- Cooling:
- Attic Fan
- Fireplace:
- Yes
- # of Fireplaces:
- 1
- Fireplaces:
- Living Room
Exterior
- Exterior Features:
- Patio
- Lot Description:
- 0.00
- Windows:
- Double Pane Windows
- Roof:
- Composition Shingles, Rolled Roofing
- Construction:
- Frame
School Information
- District:
- Littleton 6
- Elementary:
- Sandburg
- Middle:
- Newton
- High:
- Arapahoe
Listing information last updated on January 16th, 2018 at 9:49am MST.Legal Notice
US Office
17W220 22nd Street, Suite 505
Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181
Phone: +1 (630) 279-1121
All the Materials including documents, communications, files, text, graphics, software, pictures, designs, icons, audio/video clips are copyright protected with Jim Fannin Brands, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, or re-published for any purposes without the prior written permission of Jim Fannin Brands, Inc.
TRADEMARKS
All products and services referred on this website are trademarks or the intellectual property of Jim Fannin Brands, Inc. and/or its affiliates. The jimfannin.com domain is owned and operated by Jim Fannin Brands, Inc.
Specifically, Jim Fannin®, ZoneCoach®, S.C.O.R.E.®, S.C.O.R.E.® Success System, 90-Second Rule™, Jim Fannin Champion’s Club™, #1 Coach of Champions™, S.C.O.R.E.® Insider and S.C.O.R.E.® 90-Day Challenge, Life in the Zone™, Sports in the Zone™, Tennis in the Zone™, Golf in the Zone™, Baseball in the Zone™, Business in the Zone™ are trademarks or intellectual property of Jim Fannin Brands, Inc.
DISCLAIMER
This website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Certain links contained in this website that refers to other websites of third parties are not in control of Jim Fannin Brands, Inc. We do not make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation included in other websites.Chinese Food
“The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes.”— Anon ( Chinese food )
In China, cultures in different regions are respectively distinctive. So are the Chinese food cultures. It gives rise to the different styles of food. There are eight main regional cuisines, Eight Great Cuisines (八大菜系): Sichuan, Shandong, Hunan, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Guangdong, Fujian. Except for the Eight Great Cuisines, Beijing Cuisine and Shanghai Cuisine are also famous from China and abroad.
· SICHUAN CUISINE 川菜 – Spiciest Chinese food
This combines the cuisines from Chengdu and Chongqing. From as early as Qing Dynasty.
Sichuan Cuisine features pungent seasonings which were framed as three pepper (Chinese prickly ash, pepper and hot pepper); Seven tastes (sweet, sour, tingling, spicy, bitter, piquant, and salty); and Eight flavors (fish-flavored, sour with spice, pepper-tingling odd flavor, tingling with spice, red spicy oil, ginger sauce, and home cooking).
· SHANDONG CUISINE 山东菜
Shandong cuisine boasts a long history and far-reaching impact and can be traced back to the Spring and Autumn Period (770-212bc). It was quickly developed in the South and North Dynasty (960-1279) and was recognized as an important style of cooking in Qing Dynasty.
This is the local flavor of Jinan City and Jiaodong peninsula derived from the use of shallots and garlic. Seafood is the major component of their food. Condiment serves about pure, delicious taste and merged with fresh, tender, fragrant crisp characteristics. The soup in Shandong cuisine is very important. The dishes are mainly clear, fresh, and fatty, perfect with Shandong’s own famous beer, Qingdao Beer.
· HUNAN CUISINE 湖南菜
Hunan Cuisine is developed from the local food of the Xingjian Valley, Dongting Lake Area, and western mountainous Hunan Province.
A great variety of ingredients, shiny and strong colors, hot and spicy tastes, smoked and pickled flavors. Methods of cooking Pickling, smoking, spicing, simmering, steaming, braising and frying.
· JIANGSU CUISINE 江苏菜
Jiangsu Cuisine developed from the local recipes of Yangzhou, Suzhou, and Nanjing. In the Southern Song Dynasty, Jiangsu and Zhejiang cuisine became two important part of the South feed.
It is characteristically sweet. Sweet-sour Fish, Sweet-sour Pork, and Sweet-sour Soup are common dishes at the table of the ordinary families. Cooking techniques can be varied, but people often use frying and stir frying, braising and steaming.
· ZHEJIANG CUISINE 浙江菜
Hangzhou, once the capital of the Southern Song Dynasty (1127 – 1279), it is customary to endow cuisine with dainty place names.
Zhejiang cuisine wins its reputation for freshness, tenderness softness, and smoothness of its dishes with a mellow fragrance.
· ANHUI CUISINE 安徽菜
Huizhou and other regions of the Yangtze River and Huaihe local flavor composition of Anhui cuisine.
Anhui cuisine is known for its use of wild herbs, both land and sea, and simple methods of preparation. Braising and stewing are common techniques. Frying and stir-frying are used much less frequently in Anhui cuisine than in other Chinese culinary traditions.
· GUANGDONG CUISINE 广东菜
Guangdong cuisine originated in Han dynasty. Cooking skill matured in Song dynasty and Tang dynasty as Canton has been a trading port. Due to the Ming and Qing thriving economies, the Guangdong cuisine had a great promotion.
Guangdong dishes takes fine and rare ingredients and is cooked with polished skills and in a dainty style. It emphasizes a flavor which is clear but not light, refreshing but not common, tender but not crude.
· FUJIAN CUISINE 福建菜
Fujian cuisine has four distinctive features that is fine cutting techniques, alternative soups, unique seasonings, and exquisite cooking.
They are slightly sweet and sour, and less salty, and often use the red distiller’s gran for flavoring. The most obvious feature is their pickling taste.
55 thoughts on “Eight Great Cuisines | Chinese Food”
wonderful points altogether, you just received a emblem new reader. What would you suggest in regards to your put up that you just made some days in the past? Any certain?
we will keep the contents update in one or two weeks, as the materials collection time.
Regards for this rattling post, I am glad I noticed this web site on yahoo.
Hello.This article was really fascinating, particularly since I was browsing for thoughts on this subject last Tuesday.
I’d have to examine with you here. Which is not one thing I usually do! I take pleasure in reading a post that may make folks think. Additionally, thanks for permitting me to comment!
A round of applause for your blog article.Really looking forward to read more. Much obliged.
I simply want to mention I am beginner to weblog and actually liked this blog site. Very likely I’m planning to bookmark your site . You surely come with excellent articles and reviews. Bless you for sharing with us your blog site.
We have been actually sleeping on 2 of these for about 2 weeks right now, They are actually great! I hope they maintain their shape for many years and also don’t droop where the person lies.
When was this posted?
Very interesting details you have noted , thankyou for putting up. “Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.” by Baltasar Gracian.
Bu qiymatli bir mazmundur! 🙂 reading some of your posts on this internet site and I think this site is rattling instructive! Keep posting .
Quite compelling highlights you’ll have mentioned, warm regards insightful knowledge you’ll have mentioned, warm regards for adding.
Hi here, just turned aware about your webpage through Bing, and have found that it’s seriously entertaining. I’ll appreciate should you carry on notify you that I am new to online blogging and absolutely valued your website. Very likely I am prone to store your blog post . You indeed have memorable article materials. Be Grateful For it for expressing with us your main site report
Hello, BLOGURL is a genuinely terrific print. In concept I’d ought to create like this as well taking time and genuine effort to make a brilliant write-up… but what can As i say… I procrastinate alot but not appear to have anything done. Thank You. NAME
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Cheers!
Only wanna remark on few general things, The website design is perfect, the subject matter is really excellent : D.
I really like your writing style, great info , appreciate it for posting : D.
Great blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Consumers need to buy a far better quantity in order to accomplish
also minor outcomes.
I love the efforts you have put in this, thank you for all the great posts.
Pretty section of content. I just stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I get in fact
enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your augment
and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
I precisely needed to appreciate you once more. I do not know the things that I would’ve taken care of without the type of thoughts shared by you about such a subject matter. It previously was a real troublesome setting for me, nevertheless discovering the very well-written approach you handled that took me to leap over gladness. I am happy for your information and as well , believe you recognize what an amazing job that you are undertaking educating the mediocre ones through the use of your website. I’m certain you haven’t encountered all of us.
I do consider all the concepts you’ve introduced to your post.
They are very convincing and can definitely work.
Nonetheless, the posts are very brief for novices.
Could you please prolong them a bit from subsequent time?
Thank you for the post.
I think this is one of the most significant info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on few general things, The site style is perfect, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers
I really appreciate this post. I’ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thanks.
hi!,I like your writing very so much! proportion we keep in touch more about your article on AOL? I need a specialist on this space to resolve my problem. May be that is you! Having a look ahead to look you.
But wanna remark that you have a very decent website , I the style and design it actually stands out.
Hello my friend! I want to say that this post is amazing, nice written and come with almost all vital infos. I’d like to look more posts like this.
I have not checked in here for a while since I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I will add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
As soon as I noticed this website I went on reddit to share some of the love with them.
excellent issues altogether, you just received a new reader. What could you recommend in regards to your submit that you just made some days in the past? Any certain?
Most of the brand names readily available today do not include sufficient pure
garcinia cambogia to be reliable.
Just wanna comment on few general things, The website layout is perfect, the subject matter is really superb : D.
Awsome article and straight to the point. I am not sure if this is truly the best place to ask but do you folks have any ideea where to get some professional writers? Thank you 🙂
I savour, result in I discovered just what I used to be taking a look for. You’ve ended my 4 day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye
What i dоn’t սnderstood is actually hhow you are not actually much more smartly-favored than you mɑy be
right now. You аre ᴠery intelⅼiɡent.
You realize therefоlre significantⅼy in the casе оf this
subject, mad mе in my view imagіnje it from numerous various angles.
Its like men and womеn aren’t involved until it’s something to do with Woman gaga!
Your personal stuffs excellent. Always take care of it up!
I was reading through some of your articles on this internet site and I believe this internet site is very instructive! Keep on posting .
There are a number of juicers that have issues with clogging.
The Author is a professional writer, presently writing for Excalibur 3900 and Champion Juicers.
Consume Your Newly Prepared Juice On An Empty Stomach.
Naturo Sciences Garcinia Cambogia Pure works by utilizing its powerful
HCA formula.
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep are incredible! Thanks!
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?
Awesome post.
You can definitely see your skills in the work you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. At all times go after your heart. “Man is the measure of all things.” by Protagoras.
Its wonderful as your other blog posts : D, appreciate it for putting up. “The squeaking wheel doesn’t always get the grease. Sometimes it gets replaced.” by Vic Gold.
Normally I do not learn post on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to check out and do so! Your writing style has been amazed me. Thank you, very great article.Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus
Primary tabs
I was disappointed that not a single character uttered the immortal line, "Did I do that?"
How could they hire Steve Urkel without acknowledging his status as the 3rd greatest nerd ever? (In case you're wondering, Lewis Skolnick and Farmer Ted are 1st and 2nd.) I can't argue with The Asylum's formula, washed-up stars from our childhood are great at hunting gigantic killer creatures. Not that Urkel is typecast, but he plays a somewhat nerdy Navy scientist. After Mega Shark kills his fiancée, Urkel joins an elite team of creature killers led by the holographic doctor from Star Trek: The Next Generation. (I guess Debbie Gibson failed to kill Mega Shark in the first film, Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus.)
Crocosaurus is laying hundreds of eggs in the ocean. Don't ask how a 50 foot tall reptile got into the ocean, it doesn't matter. Anyway, Mega Shark is attracted to the Crocosaurus eggs - apparently they're delicious - and chaos ensues.
The Asylum has no concept of geography...or time. After being spotted in Newfoundland, Crocosaurus destroys Miami minutes later. Crocosaurus then strolls over to Orlando and eats Shamu, which I admit, made me chuckle. Urkel then attempts to trap both creatures in the Panama Canal, but after that fails, he lures them to Hawaii with his "sonic spheres." Stop laughing! That's what he called them!
Pretty boring as far as these types of movies go. It was no Sharktopus or Mega Python vs. Gatoroid, I nearly fell asleep! I hardle ever start to nod off while watching a movie - that's just not the knobby way.Author Tools - Acknowledgements
For a paper or presentation to be counted as a "BES-EFRC funded"
activity, it needs to properly acknowledge the source of the funding. Please recognize that the Department of
Energy is a large organization and that in order for the research that we fund
to be properly attributable to the Office of Basic Energy Sciences in general,
and an EFRC specifically, that support needs to be explicitly called out.
Acknowledging BES-EFRC funding in papers:
For a publication on work supported wholly under your EFRC, the acknowledgement should at a minimum state that "This material is based upon work supported as part of the Energy Materials Center at Cornell (EMC2), an Energy Frontier Research Center funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences under Award Number DE-SC0001086."
When the work is only partially supported within the EFRC, it is important to clearly state which portion of the research was funded under the EFRC ("neutron scattering studies were supported as part of....").
Acknowledging BES-EFRC funding in presentations:
For a presentation this is fairly straightforward and should simply be an acknowledgement on a slide, typically either at the beginning or end of the presentation. At a minimum the acknowledgement should state that the work was supported "by the US Department of Energy, Office of Basic Energy Sciences as part of an Energy Frontier Research Center".Dirk »
FETISHWEEK – Fetish Conquers Fashion
February 1-18, 2012 Welcome back to FETISHWEEK! As I get better at this I’m finding more and more news, articles, art, reviews and photos to pass on to you. I’ve got two weeks ofRead More »
FETISHWEEK – Safe Words and BDSM
January 16-31, 2012 The Feature Story this week is from Kitty Stryker about sexual abuse in the BDSM community. I’d suggest that everyone who is involved in the community take a moment to readRead More »
FETISHWEEK – BDSM and Marriage
January 9-15, 2011 The Feature Story this week is from The Fetish Show website and speaks about one woman’s experiences with BDSM and marriage. The article by TaraRead More »Press Releases
Accelerated reforms, self-responsibility conditions for lasting prosperity in Southeast Europe, says RCC Secretary General in Ankara
ANKARA/SARAJEVO – Doubled efforts are needed to solve the remaining open issues in Southeast Europe and create conditions for lasting prosperity and good relations in the region, said RCC Secretary General Hido Biscevic during his political consultations with Ambassador Ertugrul Apakan, Undersecretary of the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ankara yesterday.
The two officials agreed that in the changed international environment the political leaders of Southeast Europe need to resolve these issues quickly, firmly continue with reforms and strengthen self-responsibility to ensure stabilisation and accelarated European integration of their region.
Secretary General Biscevic expressed satisfaction with the increased cooperation among the countries of the region and the progress achieved in EU accession process. He informed Ambassador Apakan of the establishment of a networking mechanism between the RCC, the EU, international financial institutions and the countries of the region which will enable all of the Southeast Europe to participate in developmental projects.
Ambassador Apakan stressed that Turkey, as the next Chair of the South-East European Cooperation Process (SEECP), fully supported this balanced working mode of the RCC. He added that RCC's pragmatic approach directed towards an accelerated development of Southeast Europe would enable the region to remain in full focus of the EU, despite global shifts in international agenda.
The RCC Secretary General also visited the Turkish Chamber of Commerce to discuss stronger involvement of Turkish businessmen in regional economic projects.
Secretary General Biscevic’s visit was part of a series of political consultations with RCC members from Southeast Europe.An interview with Diana and Jim Rudd of Coffee Planet.
Q: Describe the business.
Coffee PlanetAddress: 1450 Golf Road, Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 Owner: Dianna Rudd Year business started: September 2013
Web address:
A: Coffee Planet is a family run coffee house that is trying to rebuild a sense of community in the chain-dominated suburbs of Chicago. Being an independent shop allows us to have a creative advantage with our drinks and the different products we offer. We specialize in pour over methods. We are currently offering the Hario V60, Chemex, and Aeropress. Each pour over takes several minutes and is made to order. An extension of our pour over bar is our Yama cold brew towers. We put our single origin coffees through all of these methods and allow us to extract the subtle flavors in our coffees. Our baristas also pull espresso shots on our La Marzocco espresso machine. Customers can watch our baristas grind, measure, tamp and time the shots for a perfect not bitter espresso.
Q: Tell us about the coffee.
A: Our coffee is supplied by a local roaster from Chicago, Metropolis Coffee Company. They deal directly with farmers all over the world to get the best coffee quality possible. Direct trade with these farmers results in more economical and sustainable methods of production from farm to roaster. Metropolis roasts and delivers our coffee the next day insuring that our coffee is fresh and at its peak flavor. We also use a local baker from Bensenville named Andresen's Bakery. All of our tea comes from Rishi Tea. Almost all of the teas are fair trade and organic. They also deal with farmers to make sure that the tea is fresh.
Q: What made you start the business?
A: My son, Jim, has a passion for coffee and I wanted to start a family owned business and that became Coffee Planet. With starting an independent coffee shop in the suburbs we really wanted to bring a community feel back to an area that has been overrun by corporate chains and large companies. We wanted to make a place that people can feel comfortable to make it their neighborhood hangout. Jim wants to educate everyone on what coffee really can be outside of just the morning wake me up. Coffee is so much more than ground beans and hot water. We want to share our passion for a product that has so many variables.
Q: What are the difficulties in starting a business?
A: We are surviving and thriving despite the constant road construction because let's face it, is Golf Road never not under construction.
Q: What do you enjoy about the business?
A: Making a perfect drink handing it out and seeing peoples face light up when taking that first sip. We take a huge amount of pride in the fact that we are real baristas that hand craft every aspect of your drink. Explaining our methods is also one of my most enjoyable tasks because for many of our customers being introduced to our pour-over methods is a first time experience.
Q: What keeps you up at night?
A: Too much caffeine.
Q: If you could give one tip to a rookie business owner, what would it be? A: This is the hardest question, we have only been open 8 months and it has been an exciting time but we have learned a lot. Managing cash flow is so important but I guess one of the most important things is bringing in business. We have taken advantage of free social media on the Internet and a lot of tech savvy folks follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. We also use traditional marketing like coupons and signs.
• Every Monday we feature a small business. We want to hear about yours. Contact Kim Mikus at kmikus@dailyherald.com.If you are interested in joining the band, please download our New Member Packet.
Welcome to the Fredericksburg Community Concert Band. We hope you enjoy our music and fellowship through a long and productive relationship. A few important bits of information…
- Annual Dues are required to partially fund our operation. Upon acceptance of your application, $35 are due immediately. If you join us after Labor Day, the amount for that year is $15. Continuing members: $35 due in January. Additionally, non-students joining for only the summer pay $15. Annual dues for students are $15.
- Attendance – Even though the Corporation is a volunteer organization, its purposes cannot be fulfilled unless the membership is committed to regular attendance at both rehearsals and performances. If you can’t make a practice or performance, please notify your section leader.
- The Concert Attire depends on the venue. For our Summer concerts, black pants or (long) black skirt and white short-sleeve polo shirts with the FCCB logo; for our Fall and Spring indoor concerts the dress is formal. Tuxedos for the men, floor-length black dress, skirt, or pants for the women.
- There are several opportunities for you to be involved in the operation of FCCB. In particular, we have three standing committees: Publicity, Equipment, and Fund Raising. Please speak with the Music Director or any Board member if you have interest or expertise in any of these areas.
Rehearsal , 7:00 – 9:00 pm on Wednesdays at Massaponax High School, is a critical time together. The expectation is that you will be diligently working on your music at home so that we can work as an ensemble on Wednesday evenings. Please bring a professional attitude to rehearsals. We all want to have fun, but excessive distractions will diminish our effectiveness.
There is a Section Leader for each area of the band. Please introduce yourself to your section leader and exchange contact information. This avenue for communication is very important.
Please return the completed Application to Karen Blake (saxophone).The U.S. Department of Commerce has announced preliminary countervailing duty (CVD) rates on frozen warm water shrimp from 7 countries – China, Ecuador, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam.
Ecuador and Indonesia have escaped without any collectable duties while CVD rates for shippers in the other 5 countries have been assessed preliminarily from less than 1 percent to more than 62 percent.
The Dept. of Commerce will travel to the foreign countries to verify the subsidies that have been reported. Their final determinations are due on August 12, 2013. If it is determined that the domestic shrimp industry is being injured or threatened with injury due to the subsidized imports, CVD orders will be imposed this fall.
For further information, please refer to:Test-Drive the New 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee near Troy, NY
Overview
Tackle New York roads in the 2017 Four Wheeler SUV of the Year: the 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee! This rugged SUV features the iconic Jeep performance you’ve come to love, but now offers a new flair of sophistication in its design and interior. You’ll rule any city or country landscape in bold style when you opt for the new Grand Cherokee, so visit our Jeep dealership near Troy, NY, today to schedule a test-drive!
Dependable Performance
Make New York your playground in the outdoorsy 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee. This SUV has earned its Trail Rated® badge for its outstanding off-road capabilities, so put it to the test on any challenging roadway. To help you achieve exceptional maneuverability and long-lasting durability as you go, the Jeep Grand Cherokee offers numerous 4×4 systems and an available Quadra-Lift® Air Suspension system. The latter features five driver-selectable modes for terrain — Aero, Normal, Park Off-road I and Off-road II – to deliver the flexibility you need to conquer any road in confidence. Plus, you’ll do so with dependable power thanks to three available powertrains. Your engine options and additional performance perks can include:
- 3.0-liter EcoDiesel V6 engine, which exerts 240 hp and 420 lb-ft of torque
- 3.6-liter Pentastar® V6 engine with Engine Stop/Start technology that outputs 295 hp and 260 lb-ft of torque
- 5.7-liter HEMI® V8 engine with Fuel Saver Technology, which generates 360 hp and 390 lb-ft of torque
- Quadra-Trac I®, Quadra-Trac II® and Quadra-Drive® II 4×4 system
- Maximum towing capability of 7,400 lbs
- Selec-Terrain® Traction Control system
- Selec-Speed® Control
Comfortable Interior and Connected Technology
Sit back and relax inside the high-tech cabin of the 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee. The newly reimagined interior of the Grand Cherokee features a design based off inspiration from the world’s most iconic landscapes, so prepare to sink into your choice of four beautiful leather trims. When you’re traveling with your friends, they’ll adore your new Jeep because it allows them to stretch out with generous 38.6 inches of rear legroom. Should you be running errands solo, your 2017 Grand Cherokee can be further configured to create an ample 68.3 cubic feet of cargo space with your 60/40-split rear seat and fold-flat front passenger seat. In either case, you’ll enjoy the convenience of an advanced Uconnect® infotainment system, so you can listen to your favorite music wirelessly on the go! Other interior and technology perks can include:
- Siri® Eyes Free
- CommandView® dual-pane panoramic sunroof
- Bluetooth® Streaming Audio
- Keyless Enter ‘n Go™
- 19 speaker, Harmon Kardon® audio system
Intelligent Safety
Safety matters to the engineers at Jeep, which is why the 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee has been engineered with front and rear crumple zones to keep you safe. These zones actively work to absorb the force of a crash and deflect it away from you and your loved ones to reduce any injury. You’ll also be protected by seven advanced airbags that will deploy in a protective shell around you and your family. Should you wish for an extra layer of safety, you can opt for available driver-assistive technologies, too. Features like Parallel and Perpendicular Park Assist, Blind Spot Monitoring System and other available technologies can all be added to your Jeep to increase your safety and confidence! Other safety features can include:
- Lanesense® Lane Departure Warning with Lane Keep Assist
- ParkView® Rear Back Up Camera
- Forward Collision Warning with Active Braking
Show New York roads and beyond what you’re capable of with the new 2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Visit Fuccillo Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram of Amsterdam today to test-drive the new Grand Cherokee!How to block your number
Automatic phone answer
Call 077-228 00 00 from the number you wish to block and follow the instructions. Remember that it may take up to two months before all company’s have updated their records and can see your blocked number.
N.B. The phone answer is only in Swedish.
Written order
You can order a block of a phone number by sending a signed written letter to NIX-Telefon, Box 600, 833 24 Strömsund. State the phone number you wish to block and remember to sign with your signature.Previously, indoor farmers treated growing spaces essentially as indoor fields, a single plane of growing space that happened to be enclosed within a structure. The first iteration of vertical farming made use of numerous stacked growing planes — horizontal fields on top of horizontal fields. While this significantly increased growing space in indoor farms, it led to lower yields and reduced quality; poor air circulation and inferior lighting, for instance, were common issues.
Two new types of vertical farming are now gaining ground, however. The first is the configuration of vertically aligned “fields,” in which plants are grown on the sides of specially designed trellises. The second method utilizes specialized drums with a grow lamp in their center for 360° plant growth along the interior of the drum. The drums themselves can be installed in stacked rows within indoor grow spaces.
These new indoor vertical farming methods stand to revolutionize the indoor farming industry, promising better growing conditions, increased yield, and optimized profitability.
Optimize Plant Growth with Dehumidifiers
Indoor farming is unique in that it gives complete environmental control to farmers, including:
- Temperature
- Light intensity
- Light duration
- Plant nutrition
- Humidity levels, and more
Each of these factors can all be controlled to ensure healthy, high-yield crops. Dehumidifiers and dehumidification systems play a major role in controlling several of these conditions, including humidity.
Most food crops thrive in an environment with 40% to 50% humidity. Water vapor, a byproduct of plant transpiration, can build up in indoor farming structures, even those equipped with passive ventilation systems. Aside from causing issues such as the corrosion of metal equipment, trapped water vapor increases humidity in the growing environment. Dehumidifiers, however, can help maintain ideal humidity levels.
Dehumidification systems can also be made to recapture that water vapor and circulate it into the growing system itself. In California, one of the nation’s most agriculturally rich states, anywhere from 1800 to 3500 cubic meters of water may be required to grow an acre of lettuce. In a vertical, indoor farm with a water capturing and recirculating dehumidification system, requirements for new water can drop to as low as 14 cubic meters, allowing for drastically reduced resource use and costs.
Dehumidifiers also play an important role in maintaining temperatures, the ideal range being between 77 °F and 87 °F, as well as maintaining proper CO2 levels, minimizing the possibility of mold growth, and more.
When Growing Climate Goes Unchecked
Failing to properly moderate humidity levels in indoor farms can lead to a range of issues, starting with growth: Low humidity will lead to undergrowth while high humidity can cause bolting, both of which result in lesser-quality crops and lower yields.
Excessively high humidity can cause explosive growth of fungus, mildew, mold, and other potentially hazardous organisms, not only on crops but also on and in sensitive equipment. Failing to treat such molds or fungi can lead to complete crop loss; remediation of such growths, however, which often requires harsh chemicals, poses the same risk. And if growths are bad enough to reach the interior of equipment, such as ventilation systems, they can recur very easily.
Dehumidifier Corp. of America and Vertical Farming Dehumidification
Dehumidifier Corp. of America (DCA) manufactures a variety of dehumidifiers and dehumidification systems that are suitable for both horizontal and vertical indoor farming applications; we offer options for both indoor and outdoor mounting, rooftop curb mounting, and water source cooling.
The team at DCA has been working with indoor farmers for years to develop high-quality, reliable dehumidifiers and dehumidification systems. Through our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and processes, we proudly offer products that provide trouble-free automatic operation, reduced maintenance, and improved productivity, as well as a comprehensive three-year warranty.
To learn more, or to discuss your specific vertical farming dehumidification needs, contact us today.Importance of Money Transport and Trucking Services Transport is movement of goods and people from place to place using a vehicle, ship or an aircraft. There are different modes of transport. This comprises of water, cable, road, rail, and pipeline. Trade is significant in allowing trade between countries and people. Civilization and development are enhanced. On daily basis everybody uses transport directly or indirectly. You can connect with anyone or move to great distances within sort period.A good system of transport is important for country’s social and economic growth. Trade is boosted by a good means of transport. Business becomes difficult when there are no means of transport. Below are various systems of transport that are important. does not expose the money, and it keeps cash safe. This is since the cash is transferred from counting rooms to registers on the ground.To transport many bags of cash the armored guard vehicles can be used. Money should always be secured from destructive forces such as theft and bad weather. The modern way of cash transfer is through online. This is made possible through transmission on website cables.This the method is safe and secure.The t method is also easy as you can do it from the comfort of your home. This becomes the best method in money coverage. You can receive and send money anytime thus making the online system very fast.It is available 247, and you can confirm your transfers always. This is the most operative method of funds transport. Lots of persons use this online method
The Ultimate Guide to Trucking
Shipment of goods by use of trucks is known as trucking. Trucking is used in transportation of huge bulky goods or products. There are logistics that a business need to get favorable results with trucking. When incorporated these logistics enables a business to maximize its productivity and efficiency. Good communication skill and efficiency between handlers and truck drivers is improved through this logistics. Transportation of goods across state is more reliable through this logistics. Communication systems of the trucking industry is developed through the trucking logistics.It also aids in defining the best software that suits your business needs and demands. Continents greatly use this trucking transportation.A 10-Point Plan for Trucking (Without Being Overwhelmed)
Finding Similarities Between Businesses and LifeHas anyone else seen this? Looks like it is fairly big news.
Sure they aren't calling for complete legalization and regulation, but it is certainly a major improvement!
It's time to decriminalise drug use, say peers - Telegraph: "Leading peers – including prominent Tories – say that despite governments worldwide drawing up tough laws against dealers and users over the past 50 years, illegal drugs have become far more easily accessible. Vast amounts of money have been wasted on unsuccessful crackdowns, while criminals have made fortunes importing drugs into this country, they argue."
My Copy's headline says 'War on drugs has failed, say former heads of MI5, CPS and BBC'
That's right folks: MI5 (James Bonds was in MI6. MI5 deal with internal secuirty)
That's right folks: CPS (Crown Prosecution Service; they are Her Majesty's own prosecuting lawyers)
Nigel Lawson by the way, was Margaret Thatcher's financial whizz-kid during the the 1980's, so never let it be said you have to be a liberal/left-winger to join the Drug Policy Reform Movement.
Also check out this very recent debate from the House of Lords about commissioning a broad review of drugs policy:
Have a read and you'll be amazed that this is taking place in a parliament.If there is one thing to appreciate, it is being home in your own bed in the quiet with no wires attached to you. I am so appreciative that I finally got some sleep last night and was in my own bed. These visits and stay overs at Sloan really stress me out and I stay awake the entire time and if I fall asleep, I am awaken again for vitals. The staff is so busy with so many many very sick people that I am many times on my own there (Thank God).
Today my grandson? will have his bris (circumcision) and get his real name. The time had to be changed from this morning at 9 to 6 this evening waiting for his bilirubin count to go down. We are so pleased the the mohel (the rabbi doing the bris) is a close friend , one whom we very much admire. He is so conservative about these numbers to ensure the baby is safe.
When the doctors asked me what my biggest complaint was yesterday, I told them I want to go home. They laughed. Then they said you are so stressed out that your are causing these high blood pressure numbers. I looked at them and said, “My daughter just had a baby, his bris is tomorrow, I have major surgery looming in the very near distance, I cannot go back to work next week and I don’t feel well.” I think they got it. And they discharged me as soon as they could LOL.
I am so grateful that I will be able to attend this special rite for my grandson and to be there for my daughter. It is a very emotional time for both Rea and me. We cry together on the (phone because we are both in transitional places right now). Rea has turned out to be an amazing mother but just like her mother, wants everything and the world to be perfect for her child. Now she understands who I am and I have grown to adore the woman she is turning into. I am so grateful for my son-in-law, Shuie, who has helped Rea get some sleep by staying up with the baby and being such an emotionally supportive husband.
I was hoping to spend the long weekend at the Cape but again that is up in the air. I have to see how I am feeling today, whether I can make the trip, and how Rea is doing. The Bochnersm(all three) would come also but that is a very long trip for the little guys first time. We shall see how it plays out.
For today (and I am trying to stay in this one only) I am so grateful that the complications for this week seem to be under control and I can share this simcha with my family. And that while I was awake all night in the hospital, I had the time to have many conversations with my higher power. What I got was slow it down, appreciate each moment and stay in it. It’s just too scary to try to take too much in at a time which I have no control over. For this wisdom, which I shall try to practice, I am so thnakful.Bizarre Bazaar: Tokyo District Pimps Sublime, Kooky Gadgets
December 27th, 2009 12:00 Leave a comment Go to comments
Some make the trek to this mesmerizing Tokyo neighborhood simply to rummage through the boxes and boxes of technojunk, others come to rub elbows with otaku or spiritually recharge. This bizarre bazaar has something for everyone.
Source: Bizarre Bazaar: Tokyo District Pimps Sublime, Kooky Gadgets
Related Articles:
Categories: wiredtopstories Bazaar, bizarre bazaar, mesmerizing, neighborhood, Tokyo, Tokyo District, trekAn excellent logo highly suitable for Business, Green Activity, Go Green, Property, Real estate, Marketing and Other businesses related.
The logo like 'buildings' and 'leaf' at the botom, and all view like say 'hi' hand illustration.
All colors and text can be modified. High resolution files included.
Community & Foundations
Mortgage & Real Estate
Business & ConsultingPresident – Alan Mason
Miami-based pianist Alan Mason is Associate Professor of Music at Barry University in Miami Shores, Florida, and the Director of Music at Temple Israel of Greater Miami.
Alan is one of the nation’s leading accompanists of Jewish music. In 2007 he performed as pianist for Shabbat services at the Union for Reform Judaism’s national biennial conference, and was selected to do this again in November 2009. Each summer he accompanies at the North American Jewish Choral Festival, and serves on the faculty of Mifgash Musicale. Alan serves as Vice President for Education of the Guild of Temple Musicians, and was co-chair of the 2010 convention of the American Conference of Cantors/Guild of Temple Musicians, and was co-chair again in 2011.
Alan frequently accompanies Cantor Alberto Mizrahi, and in December 2007 they performed with the New York Zamir Chorale at the White House Hanukah Party for President and Mrs. Bush and guests. Most recently, Alan had the extraordinary honor of being invited to perform for a special concert at the Vatican for Pope Benedict XVI and other Vatican leaders on November 16, 2010. Alan was one of only two accompanists who played at the concert of Jewish music, which also featured 20 cantors from North America.Our Clinic Located in Worthing’s Town Centre stands out by having the latest technology in Laser for Hair Removal and Skin Resurfacing.
As demand for fast and effective hair removal treatments continues to grow, Alexandrite Lasers have continued to be considered the Gold Standard in laser hair removal by leading laser specialists. The high melanin absorption at 755nm allows the rapid removal of hair for skin types 1 to.
2940nm laser. This wavelength easily penetrates into the deeper layers of the skin, and, thanks to the minimal absorption of melanin at this wavelength, it can be used safely on all Fitzpatrick Skin types.
Christine Bernier
Derma Laser Clinics was designed with the help of Christine Bernier, Interior Designer SBID APDIQ.
bernierdesign.com | cbernier@bernierdesign.com | (01144) 7540 188432Today’s FASB Action Alert announced that FASB will hold a roundtable on Thurs. Nov. 6 on its proposed changes to securitization and related consolidation rules. Specifically, the roundtable will feature respondents to FASB’s Exposure Drafts (ED) released earlier this year, including the Proposed Amendment of FAS 140 on Transfers of Assets, and the Proposed Amendment of FIN 46R, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. Although the proposed changes to recognition and measurement of balance sheet and income statement items in those proposals would not take effect until 2010 (technically, the beginning of each reporting entity’s first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2009), FASB concurrently proposed enhanced disclosures that would take effect ‘as soon as practicable’ (meaning, potentially, this year end or early next year), set forth in Proposed FSP FAS 140-e and FIN 46R-e.
The proposed amendments to the accounting standards listed above include removal from FAS 140 of the concept of a Qualifying Special Purpose Entity (QSPE) – a vehicle used for some mortgage securitizations and other securitizations - and removal of the related exception that had been provided for QSPEs from applying the consolidation rules set forth in FIN 46R.
These proposed changes have been widely reported to potentially add back billions if not trillions of dollars of securitizations back on the balance sheets of financial institution and potentially other types of companies who used these vehicles to sell assets. See, e.g. “FASB Delays Rule Affecting Trillions in MBS,” by National Mortgage News Online (July 31, 2008) which said FASB considered (and later agreed) to move the date of its proposed changes to the securitization rules out another year (to 2010), and cites a letter from Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-Ala.) to FASB, which said “changes to securitization accounting potentially affects $10.5 trillion in securitized assets, including $7.2 trillion in mortgage-related securities.”
You can read the comments on proposed changes to FIN 46R, and comments on proposed changes to FAS 140; so far the comment file is light because the comment deadline is November 14; it is likely that constituents appearing on next week’s roundtable will file their comment letters by November 6. Separately, there are 30 comment letters on the proposed disclosures right now, because the comment deadline on the disclosure proposal was October 15.
If you are following the proposed changes to the securitization rules, and other proposals affecting the financial reporting landscape, come to FEI’s Current Financial Reporting Issues Conference Nov. 17-18 in NYC. Keynote speakers include SEC Chairman Christopher Cox, FASB Chairman Robert Herz, and IASB Chairman Sir David Tweedie. Technical update sessions at CFRI will feature senior staff of the SEC, FASB and IASB along with leading financial executives and auditors. Find out more at . And, check out our related programs taking place in NYC that week: FEI’s Hall of Fame Gala at the New York Stock Exchange Nov. 17, and IFRS: Strategies for a Single Set of Standards, sponsored by Deloitte Nov. 19. COMING SOON: Our blog will be moving to google blogger in November, you can take a sneak peak here; watch this space for updates! Enter your email address here if you’d like to receive our blog by email.
Print this post
Thursday, October 30, 2008
FASB To Hold Roundtable Nov. 6 On Proposed Securitization Changes- Air.
Past research has linked air pollution to heart and lung problems, increased risks of stroke and dementia, and reduced educational attainment among children
Lead researcher Dr Jean-Francois Argacha, a cardiologist at University Hospital Brussels, said he believed air pollution was one of the largest avoidable causes of premature death.
He said the association between the heart attacks in the study and air pollution occurred within one day of exposure.
He said: ‘This was despite the fact that concentrations of air pollutants were within the European air quality standard.
‘It is possible that only men were affected because of the under representation of women in our study population - less than 25 per cent..I might be less skeptical about the Obama Rhetoric below were it not for developments in the real world. This article from the San Francisco Chronicle may be the most horrifying yet: despite the so- called "Green" attitudes of California voters, apparently perceptions of what is "sanitary" trumps all sense of what is good for the land and its inhabitants.
"."
It gets worse.
."
(Sn."
(Snip)
."
There is a LOT more-- read it all. Meanwhile, also on the farm front, NAIS is rearing its ugly head again. Wendell Berry says he would go to jail over it, read it all and don't weep-- get angry!
6 comments:
NOTE THIS BIT FROM THE SFC STORY:."
My orphan lambs at the house are busy eating mustard plants every day (their current preference), and it gives them green runny poop, which I manage to get on me every milk feeding. I guess it's a miracle I survive ...
Last week I was invited to bring lambs and a guard dog to a big library event. We ended up with about 90 kids, hands all over the animals, mauling them, giving kisses, pets, etc. I heard one adult get upset, saying something about E. coli. The kids ignored her, and all was well.
Now here's the REALLY funny part. You know who picks those crops? Illegal aliens who entered the U.S. without a health inspection! And you know who guts the chickens and packages the peanuts? Illegal aliens who entered without health inspection! Of course, germs and disease are everywhere, so we hardly need animals or illegal aliens to spread salmonella and dysentary, do we? You want to stay health? Simple: wash your fruits and vegies, cook your meat, don't smoke or drink, and drive a little slower. Death by deer shit or illegal alien-borne pathogen is pretty unlikely next to the obvious.
P.
Patrick---how do we then talk sense into the USDA? How crazy will it have to get?
Tort reform.
God help us all if anyone from the USDA ever comes to the Midwest and sees deer browsing in a cornfield, or cattle turned loose in harvested soybean fields to forage over the winter before the next year's crop is planted the next spring.
Come to think of it, there are quail in those fields and maybe even ducks and geese in transit. I wonder how it is that we, out here in farming country have survived all these years. Goodness gracious, we spread manure on pasture as well - wonder what that does to the cattle grazing those fields. And people talk about "free range chickens" - I wonder if they've ever seen what a flock of chickens, left to their own devices will choose to eat, and where they poop?
But then I grew up in a time and place where I'd never have learned to ride a horse if I'd been forced to wear a helmet.For.
"It's something Austin's never seen," Speer says, "kinda different and cool."
At the helm of the new restaurant will be Jack Yoss, a recent addition to the Uchi family. Yoss got his culinary start at Chinois in Las Vegas and caught the attention of owner Wolfgang Puck. Moving to Puck's Postrio restaurant in San Francisco, Yoss rose to chef de cuisine before garnering executive chef stints at NineThirty in Los Angeles and Portland's late Ten 01.
After traveling around the country and the globe, Yoss has spent the last couple years in the kitchen of the W Retreat & Spa on the Indonesian island of Bali, so he's bringing some of the Southeast Asian flavors he's been playing with into his new job.
The original Uchi was in 2003, followed by Uchiko in 2010 and Uchi Houston in early 2012. This will be the second new restaurant for Uchi this year, with the company confirming rumors in September that an Uchi Dallas is imminent.There is increasing competition for allocation of water resource. New and existing irrigation schemes provide high profile competition for water throughout New Zealand, but particularly in the drier east coast regions of the South Island. Regional schemes have high capital requirements, with associated issues including funding, ownership, affordability, take-up and environmental mitigation. Crighton Anderson has provided economic modelling for a number of schemes assisting in pricing and affordability analysis. This includes:
- Strategic affordability analysis
- Pre-feasibility scheme compensation estimates
- Individual land owner compensation valuations
- Asset valuations of completed infrastructure
- Regional analysis of land valuation following implementation of irrigation schemesPerry Andrew Williams
Position: RB
6-2, 219lb (188cm, 99kg)
Born: December 11, 1946 in Cincinnati, OH
College: Purdue (College Stats)
Weighted Career AV (100-95-...): 6 (9185th overall since 1960)
High School: Withrow (OH)
Draft: Green Bay Packers in the 4th round (90th overall) of the 1969 NFL Draft.
More Williams Pages
Gamelogs
SplitsAvg.Rate: US$ 80. Mer
Avg.Rate: US$ 23.00 - 88. Mer
Avg.Rate: US$ 90.00
Rating: 0 stars
Set in Cucao, Los Cisnes de Cucao is 22 km from Chiloe National Park. Free private parking is available on site. Each unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Mer
Avg.Rate: US$ 91.00 - 113.00 cypress wood fired. MerHome › Forums › New Music › The Cure
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by DocThommahawk 4 years, 2 months ago.
The Cure is possibly coming our way in the next few months according to some recent chatter that I’ve come across. Let’s keep our fingers, our hearts, and our ‘nads crossed, and hope to dye!On Sunday, Mr. Random, my friend J, and I went to see the Washington Shakespeare Company’s version of Macbeth – the one that is being staged sans costumes.
There was a recent review in USA Today about the performance. Read it here.
I thought that the staging actually worked: it brought out the primal, base, primitive nature of the actions and emotions found in the play and brought them front and center. The nudity did not bother me at all, however it seemed to be very distracting to my theater-mates. After the first act, it just seemed natural and not at all prurient. Just because people are not wearing clothes does not mean it is done for cheesy reasons. DC is an especially conservative town, so it probably keeps more people away from seeing it than normally would.
To read the comments on the USA Today article, from a bunch of people who are judging the staging without even seeing it, just makes me a bit ticked off. No one is forcing anyone to see it, it is a choice. But if you don't want to see it, then don't slag off those who do.
I was very glad to see it. This company does very interesting work – I also saw their staging of Edward III – and I am looking forward to seeing how they interpret other plays.
Next up in the play queue: Hamlet on July 17th. This will be more conventionally staged, but should be fun.
4 comments:
I'm impressed with how many plays you guys go see. Did they have an age limit for audience members? I have an mage of my sons freaking out at the sight of naked actors.
I don't think this for me, but I haven't see Macbeth with clothes on. and I dont condemn for them doing it or anyone seeing it. I too am impressed with your theater going and am jealous, esp since I am in MD every other week and could go to them if I wasnt being a granny!
Ever need alunch date let me know and I will try to get to wherever. I realy dont start working here til 3p
I am truly lucky to be able to see so many plays. It has been such a great diversion these past few months with so many changes going on at home and at work, and gives me something to look forward to ...
CS: It wasn't an absolute age limit, but on the website and on all of the ads they say it is for mature audiences. When you buy the tickets, they say there is nudity and that it is intended for mature audiences. On the doors of the playhouse, it states the same thing. When you get to Will Call, the clerk makes sure to reiterate that fact. And then, before they open the doors to the house, the theater manager comes to the front and explains it again, stating that if anyone is not confotable that they are free to leave at any point. They really work hard to make sure that people know what they are getting into.
Mommanator: Wow, what part of Maryland? I'm thinking someday you, me and Virginia Gal should meet up. The Random schedule is still in flux right now, but once I find out about a few things, maybe sometime in the Fall. :-)
I am in MT Airy, Maryland- I guess an hour or so away from DC depending on the time you leave here! Wouldn't it be a hoot for the 3 of us to get together?
Want more from Genius Kitchen?
Watch on your Apple TV, Roku, or Fire TV and your iOS, Fire, or Android device.Learn More
“I have been making this meatloaf recipe for 25 years. I often put baked potatoes in the oven at the same time and serve them with the meatloaf.”
Meatloaf
0 recipe photos
Ingredients Nutrition
- 2 lbs ground beef
- 3⁄4 teaspoon seasoning salt
- 1⁄2 teaspoon black pepper
- 3 slices bread
- 1⁄2 cup milk
- 1 large onion, chopped fine
- 1 garlic clove, minced
- 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
- 3 tablespoons chili sauce
- 1 teaspoon dry mustard
Directions
- Soak bread in the milk. Combine all ingredients and mix well.
- Pat mixture into loaf shape and place on oiled baking dish.
- Bake 50-60 minutes.
-
get the genius kitchen app.
Watch on your iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Roku, or Fire TV.Learn More
MeatloafIs NieR: Automata PS4 Pro Compatible?
Is NieR Automata PS4 Pro Compatible?
NieR Automata is only a few more days away, and players are already beginning to clamor for this combat driven action title. While the game has no plans to come to Xbox One, it will be playable on the PS4 and PS4 Pro, with the latter offering some graphical improvements and a more stable framerate.
In terms of the base graphics, if you are playing NieR Automata on the PS4, you’ll enjoy 1600 x 900. However, if you’re playing on a PS4 Pro, then your game will run at 1920 x 1080. Unfortunately, though Nier is PS4 Pro Compatible, there is no native 4K for this title on the Pro.
There have also been reports of a more stable framerate thanks to the upgrade, so if you want to make the most out of your NieR Automata experience, the PS4 Pro is certainly the way to go. That being said, the lack of native 4K is a bit disappointing given this title is releasing months after the Pro has been in circulation. Yet, the stability increase to the framerate is fantastic, since this is a precision action game and you will always want to make the most out of your flashy combos.
"I am just infinitely inspired by Basque cooking, Basque ingredients and the Basque landscape," says chef Alex Raij, who wrote The Basque Book with her husband, chef Eder Montero.
She also shared her recipes for Garlic Soup with Torn Salt Cod and Garden Snails in Bizkaína Sauce.
[More: Keeping the Basque tradition of cheesemaking alive]
Amy Thielen: When I think about Basque food, I think of these Basque “materia prima,” the prime materials. I’m thinking about cod, red pepper, onions, garlic and jamón serrano, that famous oily, prosciutto-like ham. What are the materials that make up Basque food? What does it mean to you?
Alex Raij: They’re fairly simple. What it means to me is more that the ingredients are a direct reflection of the landscape. The foods are highly recognizable. Then when you turn them into a dish, they still reflect the landscape.
When I think about what are the hallmarks of Basque cuisine or what is it composed of, it is vegetables, lots of different kinds of lettuces; green on green is fairly common. It’s the colors of the ikurriña, the Basque flag, which are red, green and white. You end up with cod.
AT: Cod is the white part?
AR: Exactly. Salt cod and salt in general, and then any sort of white flesh fish. You think about peppers, both dried and fresh, and onions. Their onions often will have these green tops -- like a big onion bulb with the green tops. They are what are called cebolla, more like a spring onion, but also more like Vidalia. Lots of leek, cabbage and beans. Foods that are grown in the moment and then made to last. So drying out beans, drying out peppers, canning tuna, preserved foods.
AT: Tell me more about how Basque cuisine deals with the red pepper hull. Red peppers and those nice oily, rusty, red sauces are a hallmark of it. How do Basque cooks preserve their peppers?
AR: There are a number of different kinds of pepper, and each pepper has its own application. That’s one thing that is very typical of Basque cuisine is that it’s very specific. You don’t treat all peppers in the same way.
They have these beautiful, sweet peppers that have a really pliable flesh that roasts beautifully. They are called piquillo peppers. They’re great for stuffing, cutting in thin ribbons and mixing into food, or pureeing and making into vinaigrettes. Those are rarely eaten fresh. It’s a thing that you actually would buy jarred or canned, or even your grandmother would can and jar a bunch. Then you would pull them out as needed.
There are peppers that are ideal for drying. Those are the choricero peppers. They are called choricero peppers because they were used to make chorizo. They braid them up -- how people make garlic braids, hang up onion or anything that they want to be a storage vegetable. But in this case, they’re turned into these long skeins of peppers. They hang them outside their houses from their windows; that’s where they dry them out so that they have proper ventilation. This is a very typical part of the landscape that you see -- these homes with these peppers hanging off of them. They are very postcard pretty, but they do have a purpose. They have a purpose in every house because that’s the thing in the Basque Country.
Everybody cooks similarly. The personal side of it is these very subtle details or tweaks that would belong to your mother, your grandmother, your aunt’s way of doing things. But fundamentally, people eat the same from home to home, restaurant to restaurant and from home to restaurant even.
Raij's recipe: Garden Snails in Bizkaína Sauce (Photo: Penny De Los Santos)
AT: I love that simplicity.?
AR: I have too high of a regard for Basque food to take too many liberties. I want it to be recognized as Basque food, especially because I’m not cooking in the Basque Country. We’ve had the privilege of always cooking on our own terms. But, having said that, we define our style very, very narrowly, much more narrowly than might be satisfying to another kind of cook.
I am just infinitely inspired by Basque cooking, Basque ingredients and the Basque landscape. Even though it’s narrow, I don’t find it limiting at all. In fact, I find it more freeing. There’s a logic that is not arbitrary at all. That brings a lot of elegance and grace to our cooking.
AT: That reminds me of a sauce I really want to hear more about: Salsa Bizkaína. That’s one of those red pepper-based sauces.
AR: I’m actually glad you asked about that sauce because the Basque Country is composed of all these little provinces and towns. Bizkaia is where my husband is from, so he feels super strongly about that particular sauce.
AT: It looks so good. I love how you describe it as “doped up” with bacon and chorizo.
AR: I’m always looking for equivalents for people. For me, that sauce is like the Basque version of all'amatriciana sauce. If that’s a pasta sauce that you like, you would love this dish. It has good textures; it has this deep, rich, sunburnt flavor to it. It’s also just incredibly unique. I have to draw comparisons to other things, and yet I’ve never had anything like that sauce anywhere else. It’s just very mellow and balanced.
We make a snail stew. We buy Burgundy and escargot. We chop up pieces of chorizo, ham, bacon and bay leaf, then we braise them in that sauce.
AT: How does cooking Basque food filter down to the way that you live your daily life?
AR: The thing about Basque cooking is that everybody in the Basque Country and everybody in my house, all my life, cooks. It’s not something that you choose to do, you do it because it’s part of who you are. People might do it with more or less pleasure, but they never do it halfway. There’s not a loveless meal in the Basque Country.
Amy.While tough economic times have plagued a number of businesses, few have managed to tread the rough waters. One such company in the communications technology sector that has witnessed revenue growth amid the depression is Phone.com. in reality, the Livingston, N.J.-based provider of VoIP phone services reported a three-fold rise in sales over 2008.
And officials with the firm that presents Virtual Office services are predicting an even brighter future.
“We will see sustained growth in our segment of the market,” Phone.com’s CEO Ari Rabban (News - Alert) and Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Alon Cohen told TMCnet in an interview printed in full below. “In particular, the SOHO/VSB telephony market is still underserved, despite all the new players rising and at the same time some consolidation.”
During the interview with Rabban and Cohen both stressed they are keeping a close watch on the developments in telecom industry and the changes that might impact the industry. Also they are keen about the FCC ( Federal Communications Commission ) decision on new telecom plans and also they are constantly keeping a watch on industry leading communications software company skype.
For More Information On Voip Internet Phone Please Visit This Site: Small Business VoipMaster Bra'tac has spoken!
Gateworld nabs this gem of an interview with Tony Amendola. He chats about the good times that was SG-1, reminisces about Don S Davis and wishes he got a bit more of the romantic angle in the show.
About Don S Davis - He dragged me to all of his favorite art book stores. He was always in search of something. And he had such a hunger for the artistic. It's an overused word, except with him, I think. Because, and the reason I say that is not only [that] he's an actor. But he painted, he sketched, he did woodwork. He was amazing.
Sniffle!
Oh and one more thing. Amendola is gonna pop up in Dollhouse, Joss Whedon's latest telly show.
17 October 2008
Interview with Tony Amendola
Master Bra'tac has spoken!
Posted by
Aktief Kulture
at
4:52 AM
Labels: Dollhouse, Stargate sg-1Evison is a name that research shows has been established since the eleventh century. Evison was originally from British origins. This was a regular term during the Anglo-Saxon period in Southern England, but now the name is fairly widespread around the UK. During the time of the British Empire the surname spread with the colonies to areas of America, Asia, India and Australia.
Evison is the 1093rd most common name in the UK. In the UK alone there are 120995 people with the surname Evison. A survey taken by HM Treasury in nineteen fourty four recorded popular occurance of this surname. The county of Hampshire in England currently holds the largest density of families with the surname Evison. If a certain legal document is to be believed the early 18th century Evison's liked a drink or four. In 1896 a person called Rob Evison was jailed for attacking another man.
There are a number of famous Evison's including:-CHAPTER 245
AN ACT TO AMEND TITLE 18 OF THE DELAWARE CODE RELATING TO PHARMACY BENEFIT MANAGERS.
BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE:
Section 1. Amend Chapter 33A, Title 18 of the Delaware Code by making deletions as shown by strike through and insertions as shown by underline as follows:
CHAPTER 33A. PHARMACY
AUDIT INTEGRITY PROGRAM BENEFITS MANAGERS
Subchapter I. subchapter:
. an entity that contracts with pharmacists or pharmacies on behalf of an insurer or third party administrator chapter.
(3) "Plan sponsor" has the meaning given in § 4405 of this title.
§ 3306A. Documentation.
(b) Any legal prescription that meets the requirements in this
chapter subchapter may be used to validate claims in connection with prescriptions, refills, or changes in prescriptions, including medication administration records, faxes, e-prescriptions, or documented telephone calls from the prescriber or the prescriber's agents.
§ 3310A. Applicability of other laws and regulations.
This
chapter subchapter does not apply to any investigative audit that involves suspected fraud, willful misrepresentation, abuse, or any audit completed by the State.
Subchapter II. Maximum Allowable Cost Pricing for Prescription Drugs.
§ 3321A. Definitions.
As used in this subchapter:
(1) “Claim” means a request from a pharmacy or pharmacist to be reimbursed for the cost of filling or refilling a prescription for a drug or for providing a medical supply or device.
(2) “Insurer” means any entity that provides health insurance coverage in this State as defined in § 903 of this title.
(3) “List” means the list of drugs for which a pharmacy benefit manager has established a maximum allowable cost.
(4) “Maximum allowable cost” means the maximum amount that a pharmacy benefit manager will reimburse a pharmacist or pharmacy for the cost of a multi-sourced drug.
(5) “Network providers” means those pharmacists and pharmacies who provide covered health care services or supplies to an insured or a member pursuant to a contract with an insurer or pharmacy benefits manager.
(6) “Pharmacist” has the meaning given that term in § 2502 of Title 24.
(7) “Pharmacy” has the meaning given that term in § 2502 of Title 24.
(8) “Pharmacy benefit manager” has the meaning given in § 3302A of this chapter.
§ 3322B. Exclusions.
This subchapter does not apply to the Department of Health and Human Services in the performance of its duties in administering fee-for-service Medicaid under Titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act.
§ 3323B. Requirements for maximum allowable cost pricing.
(a) To place a drug on a maximum allowable cost list, a pharmacy benefit manager must ensure that the drug meets the following requirements:
(1) It is listed as “A” or “B” rated in the most recent version of the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also known as the Orange Book, or has an “NR” or “NA” rating or a similar rating by a nationally recognized reference.
(2) It is generally available for purchase by pharmacies in the state from national or regional wholesalers.
(3) It is not obsolete.
(b) A pharmacy benefit manager engaging in maximum allowable cost pricing must:
(1) Make available to each network provider at the beginning of the term of the network provider’s contract, and upon renewal of the contract, the sources utilized to determine the maximum allowable cost pricing;
(2) Provide a process for network pharmacy providers to readily access the maximum allowable cost specific to that provider;
(3) Review and update maximum allowable cost price information at least once every seven business days and update the information when there is a modification of maximum allowable cost pricing; and
(4) Ensure that dispensing fees are not included in the calculation of maximum allowable cost.
§ 3324B. Appeals.
(a) A pharmacy benefit manager must establish a process by which a contracted pharmacy can appeal the provider's reimbursement for a drug subject to maximum allowable cost pricing. A contracted pharmacy has ten calendar days after the applicable fill date to appeal a maximum allowable cost if the reimbursement for the drug is less than the net amount that the network provider paid to the supplier of the drug. A pharmacy benefit manager must respond with notice that the challenge has been denied or sustained within ten calendar days of the contracted pharmacy making the claim for which an appeal has been submitted.
(b) At the beginning of the term of a network provider’s contract, and upon renewal, a pharmacy benefit manager must provide to network providers a telephone number or e-mail address at which a network provider can contact the pharmacy benefit manager to process an appeal under this section.
(c) If an appeal is denied, the pharmacy benefit manager must provide the reason for the denial and the name and the national drug code number from national or regional wholesalers operating in Delaware.
(d) If the appeal is sustained, the pharmacy benefits manager shall make the price correction, permit the reporting pharmacy to reverse and rebill the appealed claim, and make the price correction effective for all similarly situated pharmacies from the date of the approved appeal.
Section 2. This Act is applicable to contracts between pharmacies and pharmacy benefit managers that are entered into, renewed, or extended on or after the effective date of this Act.
Section 3. This Act is effective on January 1, 2017.
Approved May 25, 2016You know what they say: There’s no business like show business, which is why Amazon is going back to that classic age of Hollywood. The Last Tycoon, the first trailer for which dropped Friday, sees Matt Bomer in the hourlong series based on F. Scott Fitzgerald’s last novel: a story about film mogul Monroe Stahr fighting for his place in the industry.
Bomer, as dashing and charming as ever, leads a cast that features Kelsey Grammer, Lily Collins, Rosemarie DeWitt, Dominique McElligott, Enzo Cilenti, Mark O’Brien, and Koen De Bouw, with a guest star roster that includes Jennifer Beals, Saul Rubinek, and Eion Bailey.
Monroe, grappling with his father figure/studio head boss Pat Brady (Grammer), is trying to make a biopic about his recently deceased wife, Minna, but fresh wounds don’t heal so quickly. The Last Tycoon trailer highlights his progression, as well as glimpses of the Hollywood underworld of the studio system and everyone trying to line their pockets.
“There is no other business,” Pat’s granddaughter Cecelia (Collins) says.
A pilot was produced for last year’s pilot season on Amazon where votes from subscribers determined which project would become full-fledged series. The Last Tycoon made the cut and will now premiere on Amazon Prime this July 28.
Watch the trailer above.Modern environmentalism is infected with many fallacies and evil ideas, starting with an overblown faith in government and ending with a deep and dark misanthropy that sees humans as negatives rather than as ends in themselves.
There is one insight, however, that many environmentalist thinkers hold onto, which is both true and important: Creation is complex, beyond our comprehension, and modern man's efforts to conquer and subdue nature are bound to create unforeseen problems. It's the strongest argument environmentalists have. The idea is that our ecosystem is incredibly complicated, and sudden drastic changes could mess things beyond what we might imagine.
It's too bad that policy made in the name of environmentalism rarely embraces that intellectual humility and instead offers "big fixes" that often create their own problems for the planet.
As a specific case in point, Maryland's big environmentalist policy framework could create a serious problem for the northern gannet, the red-throated loon, and the surf scooter. These migratory birds, it turns out, migrate right through the offshore area government officials have designated for offshore wind farms.
These spinning, subsidized sources of green energy would become avian Cuisinarts if the greenies and their subsidized corporate allies get their way, depositing sliced and diced loons and gannets into the Atlantic, just off of Ocean City.
Experts and environmentalists have studied the migratory paths of birds for decades, but only in the past week have we been able to see a good image of the paths they follow. Scientists strapped or implanted tracking chips in a bunch of birds and studied where they flew.
Like Anne of Green Gables, the northern gannet seeks romance on the eastern edge of Canada. Like retirees living in Manchester, N.H., though, the gannets spend the winter on the Gulf of Mexico. Their path, the new study found, takes them off the shore of Ocean City, precisely through the corridor Maryland officials designated for a few dozen wind turbines.
These offshore windmills were a pet project of former Democratic Governor Martin O'Malley and were championed by the Chesapeake Climate Action Network. Bringing in the turbines involved mandates, forcing utilities to buy the expensive electricity, and other subsidies. All in the name of the environment.
Of course, placing massive deadly spinning blades between the northern gannet's Canadian love shacks and their Florida winter homes is hardly good stewardship of God's creatures, but it wouldn't be the first environmental plan to undermine its aims.
Ethanol is a fuel made from plants, mostly corn, that the federal government foisted upon the U.S. driving population in the name of replacing dreaded petroleum. Of course, federal subsidies driving ethanol production end up depleting aquifers and streams, boosting fertilizer use, driving deforestation, and actually exacerbating smog.
Fuel economy standards push carmakers to use aluminum in place of steel. The chemical and physical processes of making aluminum car parts is far more energy and greenhouse-gas intensive than making steel parts. Plug-in electric cars are effectively powered by whatever the local power plant runs on. So, for years, "electric cars" were mostly coal-powered cars.
Environmentalists aren't always wrong. But when they come up with "big ideas," their green moonshots, they undermine their greatest insight: that Creation is too complex for us to manipulate and large interventions in this complex system will create some sort of problem we hadn't foreseen.
Let us hope environmentalists can develop some more humble plans, if not for the sake of intellectual humility, at least for the sake of the poor gannet.As Jon Gruden returns to the Oakland Raiders, Hall of Famer Jerry Rice has some words for the team.
According to Bleacher Report, Rice warned current Raiders about Gruden’s alter ego, “Chucky.”
He said:
“I hope these players are ready, because they’re going to get Chucky. They’re going to get him, and how they deal with that could tell the whole story. But Chucky’s going to come out. And either you buy in or you’re not going to be part of it.”
Rice played under Gruden for one season during Gruden’s first stint in Oakland.
Rice also compared him to Bill Walsh, adding “he can be your best friend or your worst enemy.”
Nonetheless, Rice credited Gruden for helping build his career. He said:
“You need a coach that’s going to keep you focused, and Jon Gruden is that type of coach.”The Association for Linguistic Typology's Joseph Greenberg Award recognizes and honours the best piece of typological research embodied in a doctoral dissertation or equivalent in 2011-2012. Theses are eligible if they were accepted by a university (i.e. passed or defended or accepted, and not just submitted) between 1 January 2011 and 31 December 2012. In addition, theses submitted for the previous round (2009-2010, when the award was postponed because of the small number of submissions) will be also be entered for this round.
The award will consist of (full or partial) payment of travel, per diem expenses and registration fee to attend the 10th ALT Conference, to be held in Leipzig, August 15-18, 2013, and to present a synopsis or element of the prize-winning work as a plenary lecture at that meeting.
The Joseph Greenberg Award was named to remember Joseph Greenberg's (1915-2001) fundamental contributions to typology and the interest he showed in encouraging young researchers. Between 1998 and 2006, it was known as the "ALT Junior Award".
To be eligible, those submitting their dissertation must be members of the Association for Linguistic Typology (ALT). They are asked to submit their manuscript by email in pdf format, with all non-standard fonts in Unicode, to the chair of the jury, to arrive no later than January 31st 2013. If this proves technically difficult, the candidate is asked to discuss the problem with the chair. A jury, consisting of about ten ALT members, will be appointed by ALT's president, appropriate to the work submitted..Production and characterization of cassava (Manihot esculenta crantz) flours using different thermal treatments
Publiceringsår: 2007
Språk: Engelska
Sidor: 615-619
Publikation/Tidskrift/Serie: Interciencia
Volym: 32
Nummer: 9
Dokumenttyp: Artikel i tidskrift
Förlag: Interciencia Association
Sammanfattning
The aim of this study was to produce flours from the edible portion of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz) roots, treat them by heat in different forms (normal and pressure cooking, in limited and excess water conditions, and in the presence or absence of NaCl) and characterize them in their chemical composition, physical and functional properties. The flour preparation procedure affected both the chemical composition and gelatinization profile. The control (raw flour) and heat-treated samples displayed a set-back reduction. Pregelatinized flours showed decreased consistency and absorption indices, and augmented departure time, stability, tolerance index and time to breakdown values, as compared to control sample. These flours are suggested as potential ingredients in new or conventional product development.
Nyckelord
- Food Engineering
- properties
- rheological
- functional properties
- cassava flour
- cassava root
Övriga
Published
- ISSN: 0378-1844132 Carmelito Avenue Monterey CA 93940 USA
132 Carmelito Avenue Monterey CA 93940
He graduated with a Masters in Traditional Chinese Medicine from Five Branches Institute in Santa Cruz, CA in 2002 and specializes in difficult to treat cases like diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, chronic pain, weight loss, addiction, asthma and allergies. He will go through whatever it takes to get positive results for you and make sure you feel comfortable making the necessary changes to create Optimal Health in your life. Glenn has completed extensive training in nutrition and whole food supplementation which are key building blocks in the quest for health and vitality.
About My Practice
Specializes in difficult to treat cases like diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, chronic pain, weight loss, addiction, asthma and allergies.
969 Pacific St Ste B Monterey, CA 93940 0.2 mi
(831) 929-2211(831) 929-2211
444 Pearl Street, Suite E-1 Monterey, CA 93940 0.44 mi
I earned a Master’s degree in Traditional Chinese Medicine from Five Branches Institute in 1998 and have been in private practice since then on the Monterey ...
484 Pine St Monterey CA 93940 USA 1.33 2.3 2.3 mi
Maureen earned her Master’s Degree at Five Branches University, California Graduate School of Traditional Chinese Medicine, in Santa Cruz, Ca. and beg...
222 Forest Avenue Pacific Grove CA 93950 USA 2.34 mi
831-818-3993831-818-3993
831.375.5562
Licensed Acupuncturist Master Herbalist (L.Ac.): California Acupuncture Board Professor & Department Chair Medical Qigong: Five Branches University, Grad...
667 Lighthouse Ave, Suite #201 Pacific Grove CA 93950 USA 2.48 mi
Education: Washington University, BA in Fine Arts and Women’s Studies, 1987 Feldenkrais Resources Professional Training Program, 1997 Five Branches Universit...
26350 Carmel Rancho Lane, Suite 200. Carmel, CA 93923 3.62 3.72 mi
831-521-1117831-521-1117
26555 Carmel Rancho Blvd. Suite 3 Carmel, CA 93923 3.76 11.85 mi
831 455-8190831 455-8190
6 Del Fino Place Carmel Valley CA 93924 USA 11.86 mi
(831) 659-5180(831) 659-5180
43 E Romie Ln Salinas, CA 93901 14.12 mi
(831) 247-0470(831) 247-0470
158 Central Ave. suite 2 Salinas, CA 14.24 23.25 mi
831-588-8169831-588-8169
879 41st Ave, Santa Cruz, CA, 95062 26.01 mi
(831) 359-5290(831) 359-5290
879 Forty First Avenue Santa Cruz, CA 95062 26.04 mi
She is a licensed acupuncturist, herbalist, holistic health coach, and yoga teacher. After years of training with other like-minded experts, She has learned ...
707 PELTON AVE APT #206 SANTA CRUZ, CA 95060 26.11 mi
831-471-8314831-471-8314
2222 East Cliff Drive Suite 135 Santa Cruz, CA 26.28 mi
I earned my Master’s Degree in Traditional Chinese Medicine (MTCM) from Five Branches University in Santa Cruz, California in 2001.
2-1245 East Cliff Dr. Unit 2 Santa Cruz, CA 95062 26.28 mi
Kevin Craft earned a Masters in Traditional Chinese Medicine and is completing his Doctorate in Integrative Medicine at Five Branches University. He is mento...
1200 41st Ave g Capitola, CA 95010 26.31 mi
Yuval is a Pain Relief Specialist, and works with people of all walks of life, from athletes to office workers, who are experiencing dysfunction and pain in ...
1200 41st Ave g Capitola, CA 95010 26.31 mi
Einav is a member of The Birth Point of Santa Cruz, which is a group of licensed acupuncturists that specialize in healthy pregnancies and are on call for in...
200 7th Ave. Santa Cruz CA 95062 USA 26.32 mi
Eleonor Mendelson received her Master’s Degree in TCM from Five Branches University and then continued her studies to earn her doctorate degree, with an emph...
200 7th Avenue Santa Cruz CA 95062 USA 26.32 mi
(831) 476-9424 Ext 38(831) 476-9424 Ext 38
President & CEO, Co-founder of Five Branches University
200 7th Avenue, Santa Cruz, CA 95062 26 26.32 mi
831-818-3993831-818-3993
L. Francesca Ferrari lived in a mountain village of Northern Italy as a young child. She returned to gain her education in California and is blessed with an...
8065 Aptos Street Aptos, California 9500 26.55 mi
4895 Capitola Road Capitola, CA 26.59 mi
Adam White, L.Ac., Dipl.Ac., M.T.C.M. received his Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University and his Master’s degree in Traditional Chine...
947 EL DORADO AVE SANTA CRUZ, CA 26.62 mi
831-479-7195831-479-7195
4245 Capitola Road, Suite 202 Capitola CA 95010 USA 26.63 mi
(831) 239-9764(831) 239-9764
In 2003, I received a Master’s Degree in Traditional Chinese Medicine from Five Branches University in Santa Cruz, California, and became licensed by the Sta...
550 Water St., Building K-2 Santa Cruz, CA 95060 26.64 mi
Graduate Education: Masters in Traditional Chinese Medicine Five Branches University Santa Cruz, California Licensure & Certification: Licensed Acupunctu...
1010 Fair Avenue, Suite D, Santa Cruz, CA 95060 26.67 mi
(831) 425-1383(831) 425-1383
Debbie McMenemy is a licensed acupuncturist in California, and is a nationally certified Diplomate in Acupuncture. She holds a 4-year master’s degree from Fi...
521 Capitola Ave., Suite A Capitola CA 95010 USA 26.74 mi
Autoimmune diseases, pain, gynecology, liver diseases. Jasmine Berke is a Doctor of Acupuncture & Oriental Medicine. She received her Doctorate in Acupun...
1452 El Dorado Ave. Santa Cruz CA 95062 USA 26.9 mi
831-475-1885831-475-1885
550 Palm Street Santa Cruz, CA 95060 26.95 26.96 mi
Five Branches University, Santa Cruz, CA (2008-2012) Masters in Traditional Chinese Medicine; Certification in Tuina Clinical Internships and Externships tre...
716 Capitola Avenue, Suite E-1,Capitola, CA, United States 26.98 mi
831-713-4267831-713-4267
844-733-9351
1240 7th Avenue Santa Cruz, California 95062 26.99 mi
Licensed in California in 1987, Lynne graduated from the Five Branches Institute in Santa Cruz, California. Lynne has studied and presented internationally, ...
740 Front St Suite 318 Santa Cruz, CA 95060 27.03 mi
I maintain my private practice in Santa Cruz, CA. Santa Cruz is a place of beauty, wonder and healing. It’s no mystery why the world-renowned Five Branches U...
316A Ocean View Ave Santa Cruz, CA 95062 27.11 mi
(831) 425-4691(831) 425-4691
Joanne Gramo, L.Ac has been practicing Acupuncture and Herbal Medicine in Santa Cruz since 1994. Her comfortable office is currently located in Santa Cruz, C...
4170 Gross Rd, Capitola, CA, United States 27.12_41<<
4170 Gross Road Ext Ste 6 Capitola,CA 95010 27.12 mi
Lishanna’s health education started when she earned a Bachelor’s of Arts in Holistic Health from Fairhaven College in Bellingham, Washington. She then moved ...
343 Frederick Street Santa Cruz, CA 95062 27.12 mi
831-247-7355831-247-7355
Masters of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Five Branches University Post-graduate and Continued Advanced Clinical Training, Classical Five Element Acupuncture ...
311 Laurent St Santa Cruz, CA 95060 27.14 mi
831-426-0155831-426-0155
515 Broadway Downtown Santa Cruz 27.22 mi
(831) 431-0183(831) 431-0183
I am a licensed Acupuncturist with advanced training in Classical 5 Element Style and Japanese Acupuncture. I also have advanced training and certification i...
1119 Pacific Ave, Suite 300 Santa Cruz, CA 95060 27.24 mi
Katie Briggs is certified both nationally and in the State of California to practice Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). She holds a Diplomat in Acupuncture ...
1119 Pacific Ave. Santa Cruz, CA 95060 27.24 mi
Lee is a graduate of U.C., Berkeley, with a BA in Psychology. Lee , a “Doctor of Chinese Medicine,” is a graduate of Five Branches Institute in S...
1119 Pacific Avenue, Santa Cruz, CA, United States 27.24_48<<
3003 Chen Way Soquel, CA 95073 27.26 mi
Duane Byrd, L.Ac graduated with a degree in acupuncture from the highly esteemed Five Branches University in Santa Cruz, California.With genuine passion for ...
340 Soquel Avenue Santa Cruz, CA 95062 27.26 mi
I am a California Licensed Acupuncturist, License #AC 9207. I graduated from Five Branches University with a Master’s degree in Traditional Chinese Med...
6892 b Soquel Ave, Santa Cruz, CA 95062, United States 27.29 mi
NARRYE CALDWELL is a Doctor of Traditional Chinese Medicine, martial artist, feng shui consultant, Chinese astrologer, and shamanic practitioner. She has bee...
6892 B Soquel Ave Santa Cruz, CA 95062 27.29 mi
As a primary care provider, Serina is dedicated to providing excellence in healthcare and supporting her patients on their path to radiant health and well-be...
111 Dakota Ave # 2, Santa Cruz, CA 95060 27.31 mi
Dr.Charles Goodwin is a licensed chiropractor and acupuncturist with an integrative and preventative approach to health recovery and management. The team at ...
779 Cayuga St. Suite #4 Lewiston, NY 14092 27.31 mi
Destin Radder, MTCM, L.Ac., Dipl. Ac. is a licensed acupuncturist in Lewiston, NY (20 miles north of Buffalo, NY). He is licensed to practice in the states o...
9053 Soquel Drive Aptos, CA 27.34 mi
831-359-6286831-359-6286
Carmen is a licensed acupuncturist with the state of California, as well as nationally certified in acupuncture. She has a Master’s degree in Traditional Chi...
845 Cedar Street, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, United States 27.34 mi
A skilled physician, she is one of the very few practitioners with the highest accredited degree available in her field, a Doctorate in Acupuncture and Orien...
930 Mission St. Suite 4, Santa Cruz, Ca, 95060 27 27.35 mi
Backgroand: California Board Licensed Acupuncturist Doctor of Acupuncture & Oriental Medicine Master in Traditional Chinese Medicine Certified Orthopedic...
543 Frederick Street Santa Cruz CA 95062 USA 27.38 mi
831 234-7914831 234-7914Yesterday when out trolling the streets of Aarhus - I was lucky to pass a closing "Inspiration" store (A Danish chain of stores) which had its last opening day and therefore had 75% on everything!
There wasn't much left - but I managed to find some great things!
Plate from Ittala
was 69 kr. (9 Euro)
reduced to 17 kr. (2 Euro)
I have plates as decoration on my wall - and this will fit right in!
Cool onelight candle-holder from Cardiva
was 299 kr. (40 Euro)
reduced to 75 kr. (10 Euro)
I got mine in a great orange colour.Discussion > How to spend $1.7 trillion in foreign aid
You've been rumbled, son.
People claim the money could have been used to help the poor. Nobody wants to explain how, given that they think all foreign aid is harmful. The obvious explanation is that far from helping the poor, they wanted the money for themselves. But then greed is good; isn't that the mantra?
Leave it in the pockets of those who would have been taxed, because most of that $1.7 trillion has been extracted from those who toiled for profit to support themselves and their families.
So Bishop, you say on your "Irreversible" thread that you, "can certainly think of some irreversible impacts that require more immediate action."
Lets have a list of those actions you think should be taken to alleviate poverty, disease, hunger and pollution in Africa, Asia and South America for a start.
Raff, you appear to be totally ignorant of how foreign aid works. Foreign aid is a sticking plaster, it provides temporary relief. It is used against a backcloth of political corruption and therefore it won't solve the problem until the political corruption is addressed. In almost every country where political corruption has been eliminated and replaced by democracy the people have been brought out of poverty, disease, hunger and pollution - the exception to this is China, where a communist government has allowed industry to flourish and whose people are moving up the scale in terms of the above.
So if we could spend $1.7 trillion on foreign aid, poverty, disease, hunger and pollution would still be there after it's spent. What the poor of the world need is jobs. Jobs arise out of trade, you grow, or make things and you sell them, and with the money you buy things. Trade, of course, is dependent upon the availability of cheap, plentiful, energy, the very thing that the AGW scare is intended to suppress. Therefore, as far as the poor of the world are concerned it is irrelevant how we spend the $1.7 trillion provided it's not spent on the development of expensive, intermittent energy subsidies.
Interesting, geronimo. Did you say you were an engineer at some stage in your life or have I got you wrong? Was there some logic involved in the engineering you studied?
"it is irrelevant how we spend the $1.7 trillion" - So we can spend the money making or growing, buying and selling, anything including potatoes and spinach, farmers and farm equipment, diesel generators and gas turbines, coal and coal mines, oil, gas and Gulf oil spills, plastic ducks and flappy birds, air-to-air missiles and frigates, soldiers, sailors and pilots, sports cars and bicycles, even sex, drugs rock and roll. Anything goes!
"provided it's not spent on the development of expensive, intermittent energy subsidies" - just as long as we don't spend the money making, buying or selling purified silicon ingots (but only the ones the go to solar production), solar panels, solar panel fixings and mounting brackets, cables (but only those that get used for renewables), wind turbines, wind turbine foundations, support vehicles, maintenance crews. Because that will harm the poor!
Do I have to point out how stupid that sounds?
You can't build an economy on unreliable renewables. It only works as a bolt on to a reliable existing network or as a supply of last resport. China has dragged itself out of poverty by having industry. That industry needs lots and lots of reliable energy. Providing unreliable renewables for free does not solve the problem of them being unreliable. Worse it postpones the point where they'd get one. RELIABLE, RELIABLE, RELIABLE. How many times do we need to repeat that word before you understand it?
Incidentally China expended a lot of money, raw materials and energy building solar panels, putting a great many western companies to the wall because they couldn't compete with a subsidised glut in the market. As it turned out the West didn't really want solar panels and practical China has just taken the loss and put them up locally. We call it making the best of a bad lot.
So how would you spend $1.7tr to help the poor? What "immediate action", to quote your Bishop, do you want to take to alleviate poverty, disease, hunger and pollution in the 3rd world? Are you agreeing with geronimo, when he said, "as far as the poor of the world are concerned it is irrelevant how we spend the $1.7 trillion provided it's not spent on the development of expensive, intermittent energy subsidies"? He's not talking of spending any of that money in poor countries, but in rich ones like the UK (now there's a surprise). He thinks that however the money is spent it will help poor countries. As far as he is concerned it seems you could build working scale models of wind turbines and as long as they weren't used to generate electricity they would help the poor.
Do everything I could to encourage poor countries to follow in the footsteps of those countries that have made or are making their way from poverty to wealth. That means manufacturing (things people want, even if it's solar panels but probably not). When those in power need those below them to work hard and make things then they treat them better. Not perfect but better. Prosperity leads to a reduction in reproduction. Indusrial and prosperous nations tend to be less volatile and safer. Nations relying on commerce value education and innovation. Health care becomes important and an educated population can largely see the value in vaccination. They certainly seek medical care if they're sick.
To do these things they need centralise energy. Drawing people from scattered communities into cities and towns. Giving them the cheap energy and density of effort that make their work saleable globally.
So how would you spend $1.7tr to help the poor?
You are making the assumption that throwing $1.7Bn using Govt agencies or NGO's at a problem will have some effect. Well the Sudan was awash with money from Band Aid and what has been the effect, well none, the population has grown and then another drought ends up causing the same misery as the first one.
You don't spend the money but instead give people the means to make their own money, but while the corruption continues this is pointless, corruption is an illegal tax and like all high tax's stifles economies.
TinyCO2, "Do everything I could to encourage..." ... "To do these things they need centralise energy" So in other words you would be busy building centralised power stations and supplying the fuel and everything that goes with them - sort of build it and they will come strategy. Or would you be just encouraging them to build power stations but not actually helping (with money, fuel etc) - so the $1.7tr stays at home?
BoFA, so in other words, aid doesn't work. And in the context of stewgreen's suggestion that:
Tell that to the people whose lives could have been saved ..or the world's poor who could have been lifted out of poverty. The United Nations Millennium Development Goals had a target to reduce under 5s annual mortality by two thirds from 12 million , they have failedwhat you are saying is that UNMDG would not be a worthy recipient of the $1.7tr and that the money could not in fact have been "used better". Or not on helping poor people anyway.
..they did get it down to 7 million so yes the extra money that we waste on Green gimmicks with no proper cost/benefit analysis could be used better.
You are putting words in my mouth that do not reside there.
You are not reading other peoples posts and just ploughing on regardless with your own prejudices.
You are suggesting that I do not care for poor people when I am only disagreeing about how to help them.
Tiny, the question was what you would do, not what we do now. So would you use $1.7tr to build power stations or keep it at home and just encourage countries to build power stations. I infer the latter, but if you would build them (or pay for their construction), just say so.
BoFA, I imagine your concern for the poor is not much different from mine, Tiny's or the next person's. The question is whether, as stewgreen suggested, $1.7tr could be better spent towards achieving the UNMDG than spent on renewables. And if so, how. And related to that, given that the Bishop "can certainly think of some irreversible impacts that require more immediate action", what those actions should be to alleviate poverty, disease, hunger and pollution in the 3rd and developing worlds. Tiny suggested the encouragement route, which is certainly cheap and has the benefit of keeping the $1.7tr at home (unless he really means to build/fund power stations). You suggest, as I read it, that $1.7tr has no utility in the 3rd world in its unconstructed state.
I might even agree with you to some extent, but then it was not me who suggested that $1.7tr could be better spent than on renewables or that there were areas that need immediate action. I'm pretty sure that the Bishop is not going to let on what he had in mind - suggesting solutions is not his shtick. And stewgreen seems unusually silent on his preferred investments in the 3rd world. So that leaves the rest of the contributors to suggest what they might have meant.
I see Geronimo amongst others fell for his ruse. Shame on you.
You are rather fast to wish shame on people, aren't you? Is it up to you to decide whether it is morally wrong for someone to want to talk to (argue with, shout at, insult) me? Are you the arbiter of what is right at Bishop Hill.
And you haven't accused me of lying for a few days. I miss it so.
Yes, everyone is the arbiter of the world around them, and you my friend are satisfying a supremacist urge by trolling this board pretending to ask questions but in reality just poking a bamboo stick in for your own amusement.
> Is it up to you to decide whether it is morally wrong for someone
> to want to talk to (argue with, shout at, insult) me?
Note that TBYJ didn't mention anything about morals, is this an insight into the spammers mind set?
It knows it's righteous and good and has the great god "Pscience" at his shoulder.
Is this why it constantly replies to what it thinks people have said, it can't comprehend that we're not all evil right wing oil funded deniers so interprets replies as if they were from that angle, because we haven't seen 'the light'?
Well it can be amusing, especially when you get a genius like geronimo who thinks,
it is irrelevant how we spend the $1.7 trillion provided it's not spent on the development of expensive, intermittent energy subsidiesin effect, that we could build anything we want, even working scale models of wind turbines and as long as the turbines weren't used to generate electricity they would help the poor. But if we turned them on, they'd harm the poor. Come on, be honest, you can't help but find that funny.
What is not so amusing is when people feign concern for poor regions of the planet and yet can reject with indifference any research that shows those regions to be most likely to suffer first and most from climate change. Or claims by right wing Tories or Kippers that we should keep the overseas aid money in our own wallets. Or suggestions, as the Bishop made on his "Irreversible" thread, that he, "can certainly think of some irreversible impacts that require more immediate action" but then fail absolutely in identifying any. I find that sort of attitude quite sickening and a full justification for any disturbance I might cause to proceedings. If just a few people here think twice about the company they are keeping, it is worth the effort.
Nial, do you really think wishing "shame" on others for talking to me is not a moral judgement?
Oh Raff, you would argue about the colour of sh*te.
The other day, stewgreen was complaining about the $1.7tn that had been spent on renewables in the last 20 years.
He seems to suggest that the United Nations Millennium Development Goals would be a good avenue for spending $1.7tr and so I wondered who would be willing to contribute and how exactly you would like to spend the money.
I know many of those here consider all foreign aid to be harmful, so I'm interested in how this will work.For sometime now reports have been making the rounds that rapper Lil Wayne wants to leave Cash Money Records and his adopted father Birdman!
A few days ago he released a mixtape called “Sorry For The Wait 2” and on it he fired several shots at Birdman, the man he once credited as being his saviour, he has also made it known to his fans he wants to be released from his contract!
And now in the latest round of the ongoing Lil Wayne vs Birdman/Cash Money beef, Weezy wants to take Drake & Nicki Minaj with him when he leaves the label.
He is making plans to sue Birdman for his release from Cash Money, he claims that Birdman owes him an $8 million advance for his album Tha Carter V. In addition to all that, TMZ is reporting that Wayne will sue Birdman to make sure that ALL Young Money’s artists remain under his control, this includes – Drake, Nicki, Christina Milian, Lil Twist, and Mack Maine, who doubles as the label’s president.
Weezy believes the artists should go with him because their contracts are with Young Money while they have a distribution deal with Cash Money!Robin Williams entertained generations of Americans with his bombastic personality and over-the-top performances in many iconic movies and TV shows. (Photo property of CBS & the People Choice Awards)
By: Jacob Elyachar, jakes-take.com
The world lost one of its greatest comedians.
Multiple sources including ABC News, CNN, the Los Angeles Times, the New York Times and USA Today confirmed that Robin Williams passed away!
He was one of my all-time favorite actors and comedians and was at the very top of my interview wish list.
Mr. Williams was born on July 21, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois. After, the acting bug bit him in high school, he headed to the prestigious Julliard School to study theater. However, after his departure from the school…he turned to stand-up.
Throughout his stand-up career, Mr. Williams began to showcase his bombastic personality and began a journey that would lead him to comedy superstardom.
While he suffered his first defeat as part of the ensemble for the short-lived Richard Pryor Show, one successful audition in front of Happy Days producer Garry Marshall landed him one of his remarkable roles: Mork from Ork. The character became extremely popular and spun off from the hit TV show.
Mork and Mindy followed the misadventures of everyone’s favorite Martian in Boulder, CO. For four seasons, Mork tried to fit as a human and became fast friends (and later lovers) with Mindy (Pam Dawber). While it only lasted for 95 episodes, Williams’ career skyrocketed and he began to set his eyes on the Silver Screen.
While he made audiences laugh as Popeye, Vladimir Ivanov and the King of the Moon, Mr. Williams also made moviegoers think with his next roles as Good Morning, Vietnam’s Adrian Cronauer and Dead Poets Society’s John Keating (where he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for both performances).
However, the Millennial Generation knew him best for the larger than life roles that he portrayed in the 1990s. He provided sass as Mrs. Doubtfire, soared through Neverland as Peter Pan in Hook, made us laugh as both Aladdin’s iconic Genie and Patch Adams and delivered advice in his Academy Award-winning performance in Good Will Hunting.
Outside his acting, he was extremely supportive in various charitable organizations! During the mid-1980s and 1990s, Williams joined forces with fellow iconic comedians Billy Crystal and Whoopi Goldberg to raise money for America’s homeless, health care services and areas devastated by Hurricane Andrew. He has also played a proactive role in promoting the St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital.
Jake’s Take wants to extend our thoughts and prayers to Mr. Williams’ friends, family and colleagues at this time.
Rest in peace, Mr. Williams! We will never forget your legacy!
I do not own the film clips that are featured in this article. They belong to Disney, HBO and the many other film studios that produced and distributed Mr. Williams’ films.
Speak Your MindI'm pretty introverted. I will usually start off kinda quiet and shy but then my fun loving and silly personality will start to shine through as you get to know me over time.
I'm looking for someone who's sensitive, caring and down to earth.
Flirthut is a completely free dating site where people like you meet other people looking for a relationship, love or just friends. You can message SaltySiren by signing in or registering.Find out more about us » Join us for free and get searching for your matchSeasons of Love
This weekend my son and a group of students from The Victory Spot performed as one of the opening acts for Arrested Development at City Winery. As I sat there on the first night and listened to them sing ‘Seasons of Love,’ my face was flushed and water filled my eyes. 5 hundred, 25 thousand, 600 minutes….
I was transported in time to 2012, the year my life seemed to have fallen completely apart. Five years ago today I was terminated from a really great paying retail management position. I spoke out against some wrong doings within the company while I was taking a business law class. Needless to say, I was terminated and I took that like a boss. However, the fatal flaw in this was I ended up being an unemployed single mother with two kids in private school. Talk about a slap in the face.
I started culinary school a couple of weeks later. By the end of July, my life had been flipped upside down. We were facing eviction from our apartment. I had a small part-time job at a local grocery store bakery (thanks to career services at LCB) but it wasn’t anywhere near enough to cover the rent. My kids and I moved back home with my parents, I was beginning a long distance relationship (with my now husband) and the kids were pulled out of private school…..we simply could no longer afford the life we were living.
In October my life took another blow. My daughter’s first-grade teacher called me in for a conference to discuss how terrible of a mother I was for allowing my child to stay up all night. I was so disturbed by this woman and her accusation I pulled my daughter out of school the following week and by the grace of God their former private school allowed her to come back. At this point, we had no choice but to figure out how to keep her there. Six months later tests results would prove my daughter had the most impressive case of narcolepsy the doctors at Children’s Healthcare had ever seen.
In the midst of eviction, culinary school, part time jobs, narcolepsy diagnosis and living with my parents my son had to stick it out in a public school. The problem with this was Marshall was a grade ahead in the private school and was testing on a gifted level. The public school did not accept this. It was a rough year. The end of year promotion had the kids singing…… ‘Seasons of Love.’
It was during this time, my son discovered musical theatre. He wanted to see the movie that the song was from. Once he saw ‘Rent’ he was hooked.
Five years later I had the pleasure of seeing this same child stand on a stage to a sold out audience and sing the song that changed the trajectory of his life. Life is truly about Seasons of Love and I’m loving this season we are in.Tuesday, November 13, 2007
Regina Spektor
Katie and I went to a Regina Spektor concert this past Sunday at the Uptown theatre here in Kansas City. I bought these tickets as a gift for Katie’s birthday. At the time I was mildly interested in her, but after this show I am a full-fledged fan. What an awesome show! I heard a few of the songs I was familiar with: “Fidelity,” “Better,” “Sampson,” and “On The Radio.” We were most amazed at her ability to be a fantastic songwriter, a gifted musician, and creative performer all at the same time. Check out these music videos here, here, here, and here.
4 comments:
yay regina.
When i'm alone at work i listen to 'Samson' on repeat.
It's such a great song! Also, glad to know you pop in here to my blogland from time to time. Of course, I am assuming this is the Kallie that I know and love from Lomaland and beyond. I actually don't know any other Kallies. So there that is . . .
I love her! I'm so glad you like her too! I rarely get to hear big people songs anymore so hearing her song fidelity was a complete fluke but once I heard it I was sold! Love you and miss you brother!!!! I can't wait to see you guys at Christmas! Tell Katie I love her too!!!!!!! Mom, randomly, said this morning she was sorry she never gave me a sister (I have no idea where it came from...you know better than to ask) so we decided you are the cool one 'cause you gave me Katie. :)Gunter frustrated at Spurs
Chris Gunter has admitted he was growing frustrated with life at Spurs prior to joining Forest on loan.
Last Updated: 24/03/09 4:47pm
Wales international Chris Gunter has admitted he was growing frustrated with life at Tottenham prior to joining Nottingham Forest on loan for the rest of the season.
The 19-year-old full-back made the White Hart Lane switch in January 2008, but the ex-Cardiff City player has made just five Premier League appearances for the club.
With Gunter well down Harry Redknapp's pecking order, the teenager was more than happy to agree to join the Championship strugglers with crucial World Cup qualifiers for Wales in the pipeline.
Gunter has confirmed he is not happy at warming the White Hart Lane bench, although he has been told by the club's hierarchy that he is part of the club's future plans.
Frustrated."
No fitness concerns
Although Gunter has not played a lot of senior football this term he is happy with his fitness ahead of Wales' two World Cup qualifiers against Finland and Germany.
"I have been happy with the chance to play regular football at Forest," he continued. ."Shadi ke Side Effects is upcoming movie Of most popular stars of Bollywood Farhan Akhtar and Vidya Balan starring as a lead role. film is story about after marriage life and its funny side effect that every man has to face in his life.Shadi ke Side effects is directed by Ekta Kapoor ,Shobha Kapoor whose previous flick pyar ke side effects had great business in box office.
Now they come again with this brand new comedey pakage amazing comedy genre movie will make happy and would give you a funny lesson about marriage you will learn some tips to have successful shadi life.
Shadi ke Side Effects Release
in february there are many top actors film are releasing and Shadi ke Side effect is set to release on 28-feb-2014,prediction is that there will be decent occupancy for Shadi ke side effect in theaters,as star combination is perfect movie is expected to be a hit.
Offical Trailor And Promos Of Shadi Ke Side Effects
Trailer and promos of this film was unveiled on 1-feb-2014 on youtube which get great response by fans and it got million of hit during time period.title of movie is interesting funny that attract every husband-wife
songs like ‘bharamchari’ and ‘Tauba me vya ker ke pashtaya’ listed on top chart which is good sign for success of film.
Complete Cast and Crew Of Shadi ke Side Effects
one day left to release this movie hope you will watch and enjoy this movie stay tuned to get update about box office collection detailYour shopping cart is empty!
Drawers are made from solid elm wood with antique metal finishes. Perfect for a hallway or entry way, it will add an industrial flare to any space.
One remaining in store.
42w x 17d x 27h
Visit our showroom at 269 Main St. Lucan, On N0M 2J0Thor
branding & website
Located on a former mine site in Genk (Belgium), Thor is a high quality business park that focusses on innovation in science an technology. Thor is being developed from a concept of quality and innovation and deserves a brand identity and communication that fits that vision.Don’t miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
WHO misses “Baby” Joe Mesi? I do, so God only knows how the people of Buffalo feel. In a time when heavyweight boxing was far friendlier on the eye, no one was more jovial than Mesi. A proud product of Buffalo in North-Western New York, Mesi excelled in a variety of sports before finding a boxing gym in his late teens in what was an initial attempt to lose weight. Impressed by the physique and conditioning his latest pastime had bestowed on him, Mesi made the realisation that he was a useful fighter and he soon embarked on a mission to bring boxing back to Buffalo.
“Let me make this point, I didn’t need boxing in my life,” insists Mesi. “I’m college educated so boxing wasn’t my first priority when I was finding my way but it was something I was good at and I definitely felt I could become a champion and bring good nights to Buffalo on a regular basis. This city is so important to me. I love it here and it’s the best place on Earth and I’ll never ever leave Buffalo so to have the chance to become a champion and to do it front of my community, it meant so much to me and it was a challenge that was so rewarding.”
Despite his belated beginning in boxing, Mesi soon picked it up and began collecting amateur titles on a frequent basis. His transition to the professional game occurred in 1997 and with Mesi regularly delivering explosive performances, it was boxing logic that American audiences would get animated. Possessing supporters and critics throughout his meteoric rise, Mesi made believers of doubters in September 2003 when HBO’s “Night of the Heavyweights” hit a sold out HSBC Arena in Mesi’s backyard. Pitched against former USA amateur teammate, DaVarryl Williamson, Mesi took seconds to dispose of his opponent and announced himself on the radar of the era’s leading competitors.
“That was some fight because DaVarryl was a highly skilled fighter who knew me as well as anyone. We’d sparred plenty of rounds together and spent so much time with each other when we were growing up and it was an absolute pleasure to share the ring with him in front of my people. The result was one that came as a great surprise to most people because DaVarryl was a brilliant amateur and he had made a good start to his professional career so to end the fight with one punch in the first round was really something special.”
A Madison Square Garden outing against the durable Monte Barrett provided more action as both fighters endured knockdown before Mesi was given the verdict and then it was onto the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas in 2004 for the most memorable moment of Mesi’s career. Opposing seasoned Kazakh, Vassily Jirov, on the Shane Mosley/Ronald Wright undercard, Mesi dominated the first eight sessions with relative ease before suffering a series of knockdowns in the final two rounds. A rapturous crowd displayed their gratitude towards both fighters at the contest’s end and Mesi was declared the victor by the ringside judges. The real drama would occur in the months after the fight though as Mesi was medically suspended following injuries suffered in the Jirov fight.
“They were tough times but I refused to give up throughout,” reflects Mesi. “The Jirov fight was a wonderful result because he was an exceptional fighter with a fine pedigree who’d competed at the highest level both as an amateur and a professional. I went all out to prove I was fit to fight and I was granted a licence but not by New York or Nevada. Those two places are where every boxer needs to be to be a success in this country and if I couldn’t box there then it was going to be hard to fulfil my championship ambitions.”
Instead, Mesi took his brand of excitement to a variety of boxing outbacks such as Rhode Island, Arkansas, and West Virginia. His undefeated record remained intact as Mesi blitzed his way through a cast of journeymen but the dreams of glory he desperately clung to remained out of his reach and he decided to bow out of the sport.
“There were times I was so bitter about boxing because it didn’t give me the opportunity I think I deserved. I brought so many good nights to the people of Buffalo but there was so much more I could’ve done. Me and Mike Tyson held talks about putting on a fight in the Ralph Wilson stadium which is home to the Buffalo Bills and whenever I see Mike these days he still reminds me of it and says we could’ve made so much money. I can’t stay angry at boxing and I still take an interest in it today but I just wish I could’ve gone out as heavyweight champion.”
Today, Baby Joe is a successful sales manager for St Jude Medical. He speaks passionately about his job and his manner during our conversation suggests that Mesi has never been happier. He beams with pride when speaking about his wife, Michelle, and three children, stepdaughter, Hope, Juliet and Joe, key elements of a boxing story that for once has a happy ending.
“My family life was put off when I was boxing because I was always away fighting or in camp so it wasn’t always possible to be there for them. I’m with them all the time now and I’m doing a job that I love so much and I’m really good at it too. My boxing career was a part of my life I’m so proud of as I brought boxing to so many people. I brought big time boxing on HBO to Buffalo and they even called me “Buffalo’s Third Franchise” behind the other sports teams so for someone who loves where he’s from, that was very much a big deal for me.”Liposuction is a minimally invasive surgery, where subcutaneous fat is aspirated by use of a blunt canula attached to a vacuum pump. It is also called lipo-sculpture, lipoplasty or suction assisted lipectomy.
Lip.
Liposuction is not meant for weight loss, the primary aim is body contouring. When large volumes of fat get aspirated, amount of weight loss also happens. Liposuction works best for spot reductions and for areas resistant to diet and exercises. The more elastic the skin, the better large volume liposuction are performed under General Anesthesia. Monitored anesthesia is essential. General Anesthesia offers maximum comfort to the patient as circumferential contouring of back, front and sides can be performed without subjecting patients to inconvenient positions.
Bruising, swelling and soreness are to be expected post procedure. These are temporary effects of surgery and are expected to resolve in 3-4 weeks. Major risks include pulmonary edema, hemorrhage, and toxicity from local anesthetic. These are fortunately rare. Patients who are high – risk for pulmonary embolism need appropriate preventive measures.
Large volume liposuction
Aspiration of more than five liters of fat in one sitting is termed large volume liposuction. The proportion of large volume liposuctions being performed is increasing world – wide as more and more surgeons get convinced of its safety. Up to 20 liters can be aspirated in one sitting in well – selected cases and in a hospital setting with good infrastructure. Large volume liposuction is probably better done under GA as most of there cases require circumferential liposuction.
Finer Instruments.
#1 SEO Get Your Business On The First Page Of Google!
Source by M JainThe incidence of Candida infection has significantly increased over the recent years, becoming the fourth most common pathogens isolated in patients admitted to intensive care units (ICU). Mortality rates ranging between 6 and 38% have been reported to be associated with candidemia. Esophageal surgery may increase the risk of systemic Candida infection in critical patients requiring postoperative ICU admission. The aim of the present study was to assess the prevalence of Candida colonization in patients with esophageal disease undergoing surgery. Between April 1999 and April 2001, 131 patients with esophageal disease and 40 healthy volunteers were prospectively tested for Candida colonization by oral and pharyngeal swab. Candida colonization was significantly more frequent in patients with esophageal disease than in control subjects (38.9 vs 7.5%, P < 0.01); the prevalence was higher in individuals with carcinoma than in those with benign disease (51.8 vs 24%, P < 0.02), and in patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy, compared to those having primary surgery (55.5 vs 34.4%, P < 0.01). These data suggest that Candida colonization of the gastrointestinal tract is common in patients with esophageal disease. Pharmacological attempts to prevent or reduce the magnitude of this event may be worthwhile before surgery. However, the hypothesis that antifungal oral prophylaxis with nonabsorbable drugs may lower the incidence of candidemia in patients with gastrointestinal Candida colonization, especially in those candidates to postoperative ICU admission, should be tested by randomized double-blinded studies.My niece’s experience with blogging has inspired me to try it. I’m looking forward to the journey.
Loved the film Slumdog Millionaire. It made me, again, grateful for my mother’s volunteer work with a youth exchange program, which brought people from all over the world to our house. And then there was Sr. Ligouri, my 8th grade teacher, who made us read the newspaper for current events. It wasn’t a chore — I loved it. We discussed the My Lai massacre, Viet Nam, Civil Rights. She did us a great service by requiring us to know what was going on in the world.
AdvertisementsInside TVD: You Made a Choice.
With SideReel you can.
Inside TVD: Nostalgia's a Bitch (Ep.810).Use of adblock pro 2 6 crack zip this website constitutes acceptance of the SideReel.Inside TVD: We're Planning a June.Inside TVD: Who Are You?Inside TVD: The Simple Intimacy.We're Planning a June Wedding (Ep.815).Meanwhile, Damon tries to take control of Vicki?The Lies Will Catch Up To You (Ep.813).Inside TVD: Detoured on Some Rando.Favorite Scenes with Paul Wesley (Ep.801).Favorite Scenes with Candice King (Ep.801).
Behind-THE-scenes moments (7 memories with Julie Plec (Ep.801 bTS Moments with Candice King and.
Stefan reveals his family?
More News more Recaps ».It's Been a Hell of a Ride (Ep.814).Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and, cookie Policy.Stream NOW, mORE info, latest episodes (5 i Was Feeling Epic (Ep.816).Extras (28 cast: TVD Family (Ep.801 cast: Mementos (Ep.801).Rating Stats 18 ratings, aVG:.11, with SideReel you can.
Inside TVD: We Have History Togeth.More Videos...
Blowing a Coil pack
Turn volume up to hear misfiring... doing one last pull when i hit 50mph and suddenly one of the coil pack decided to eat shit.
Bad Ignition Coils on VW and Audi 2.0T (How to check)
Is your check engine light flashing on your VW or Audi 2.0T Engine? This could be due to the failure of your ignition coil packs. This video will give you info on how to check if your ignition coils are bad, as well as fault codes associated with bad coils. The parts listed in this video are Old 2.0T Coil (still used in the 2.5 5cyl) New 2.0T Coil Audi R8 Coil for 2.0T.[2016 Independent | Purchase: seasideholiday.bandcamp.com]
Seaside Holiday returns with the follow-up album to their impressive 2012 self-titled debut. Right out of the gate, “Wartime Reflections” strikes a very intriguing balance of electronic and indie rock… or “dream pop” as their BandCamp page labels it. That seems to be a good label: some of their songs lean to the electronica/darkwave side, others lean towards the indie/lo-fi side, but they all have a dreamy atmosphere compiled with a pop sensibility. There is also a good sense of 80s throwback on this one, but not in the cliché sense that many bands are using today. This is more like deep underground 80s new wave throwback of an Erasure B-side remix more than someone trying to be the modern A-Ha. Just check out “Etchings of Yesterday” if you are a child of the 80s and you will know what I am talking about. Throw in the occasional non-standard song structure for good measure, and you pretty much have Seaside Holiday’s sound. They throw a lot of variety into a mix of familiar genres to come up with something unique and engaging. I highly recommend checking this out.
Seaside Holiday – Grand Tours
[2016 Independent | Purchase: seasideholiday.bandcamp.com]- My first name starts with M
- My last name starts with M
- My maiden name starts with M
- My middle name starts with M
- I am a Mechanical engineer
- I live in Middletown
- My mom and dad are both M names
- I have 3 aunts with M first names and middle names
- I have 2 cousins with M first names
- My mom's maiden name starts with M
- I married a Marine
So you can see, the letter M has always been a constant in my life. I think it is the letter that I best identify with and that's why I chose it.
Thank god Jeremy's last name starts with an M, or you would have had to make the big choice to keep your M name!The hugely popular multi-platform game Fruit Ninja has just hit the Ovi Store at the grand price of just 1 Euro (if you are in India, its available for a mere Rs. 25). If you have no clue about what Fruit Ninja is, read on.
“The worldwide smash hit game Fruit Ninja is now available for Nokia C7 & N C7 & N8! ”
The description says C7 and N8 only, but there is nothing that should stop it from working on the other Symbian^3 devices like the E7. Wondering how it looks on the N8? Our friends at Blog-N8 have the answer in the form of the video embedded below.Click the rose bud to return to the Letters Index.
Everyone knows (don't they?) that the dis-establishment of Scrooge by Dickens was the beginning of our modern Christmas celebrations. But also, as everyone does know, there are still many who remain outside those celebrations in poverty in the world and also, relatively so, in the UK. It is also a time of loneliness for many who are outside the family circle. And as the days of holiday move on towards the New Year a sense of desperation that 'life' has all but come to a stop. But the actual centre of Christmas lies elsewhere, in a unique person who has links to everyone, if they but knew it. Everyone knows (don't they??) who that person is. But who is he? The rightful celebration of a birthday and the songs about that child of 2000 years ago can be confusing. The celebration of the bambino, of the child in the manger, seems to have had its origins in the 13th century in the Umbrian mountains in Italy with The Poverello, the Poor Man from Assisi, Francis. That is a glad celebration of the mystery of his birth. But, again, let us ask, who is he, this Man, born so long ago?
In the Creed of 325 and its later version of 381 which will be spoken aloud this Christmas in our churches, there is this assertion about the Man born so long ago -
'[He is the] origins of these assertions in the 4th century about this one Man lay in the need to stop all mistaken ideas about him. Did he have a divine or a human nature when he was born or did he have both 'natures' combined in himself? There were those who said as a human being he could only have one nature and others who claimed that his human nature was but a cloak, and not a real humanity, covering the divine, doing their best to make a statement about the uniqueness of the Man, Jesus. It has been pointed out, however, that the idea of conjoining the nature of man with the divine nature in one person takes for granted that we actually 'know' what the nature of man is, and that if we don't know that then can we know what is the nature of the divine, of God? While science has made great progress in the past century in finding a great deal of how human nature 'ticks', we cannot actually say what human nature is in any precise terms other than to describe what we do - think, act humanely, fall into errors, enjoy Christmas, get weary and die.
We can avoid the seeming non-sense of the 4th century definitions. There are other ways of answering the question, 'Who is Jesus'. As with reading many books, it is often not a bad idea to peek at the ending - particularly with Whodunits! - to get an idea of the plot of the book. This is particularly true of the gospels. So instead of starting with the birth of this Man, start with the ending, which is really the new beginning, the raising of Jesus to Lordship and then turn half way back through the gospel to the extraordinary event of the transfiguration of Jesus.
The raising of Jesus to Lordship is the foundation of all Christian faith and more particularly of the new-found faith of the first disciples. They were not easily convinced, according to the strange accounts of the appearances in Matthew and Luke, but once convinced they knew that God had acted in Jesus to renew the creation and humanity. That's why the gospels were eventually written and also why the risen life of Jesus presumably sparked off the even stranger narratives of the nativity - he was in their eyes, as he also claimed for himself, Son of Man from start to finish.
But there is more. During his ministry they had sensed that here was a man, their leader, who was someone not only to be committed to, but who often astounded them by his boldness of vision which often made them afraid. So the extraordinary event of the transfiguration at the watershed of that ministry is presumably put there by all three evangelists, to make a statement. Here was one who, they were certain, dealt with the divine, face to face - unlike Moses and the prophets.
Have we got any further with the question we started out with? Yes and No. Yes, because in this Man there is somehow summed up all the hopes of humankind. There is in him - who is now, according to faith, always present to us in a transcendent presence - the assurance of the future of human life. More than that he is always active both in inviting us to enter into that fulfilled life in worship and also enabling us to be messengers of the divine in our every day lives. No, because, as with the first disciples, here and now, we shall never have the language perfectly to explain this phenomenon of the Man, apart from the language of our activity as persons who have been turned round to face him with assurance and love.
... the love of Christ urges us on, because we are convinced that one has died for all; therefore all have died. And he died for all, that those who live might live no longer for themselves but for him who for their sake died and was raised.
© Aelred Arnesen
Go to topKFC
Row 1
Map: Surroundings & Nearby
Foursquare Tips
- Take a picture with this guy! :)
- The lady who waited on us was one of the nicest I've ever had at a fast food restaurant. Pleasantly surprised.
- Bunch of ignorant ass ppl work here
- Be prepared to wait for effing ever
- get the famous bowl
- They only have one urinal, but it is phenomenal.
- Sundays 10$ buckets
- Rude rude rude... Find some new staff that want to be here!!Medieval Simple Lumberjack Shack
Object Details
3D Model
Blueprints
Author: Lemon-Fox
Block count: 676
Views: 624
This simple shack is small and minimalist, it is built with little resources and it is perfect for the lone adventurer that finds going out and exploring a great thrill and a passtime. This shack is built as a sort of a home front for the lumberjack inside each and every one of us. And if your resources are getting scarce, you have an extra few logs outside to keep you warm if you choose to build this in a place inhabitable for trees and other wild life places such as the nether and the desert, this shack is built to last.View Blueprints
Blocks you'll need:
Generating model...
(left click: forward, right click: backward, Movement: W, A, S, D, R, F, Toggle mouse tracking - C)
Level 7
S N E W
17 Blocks
14 Blocks
Drag slider < Left | Right > to see different levels:
Level 1
6 1 =Noel and Amelia were the top baby names in Albania in 2014.
Here are the top 10 names (girls on the left column and boys on the right):
The 2011 popularity rankings list is available in this revised PDF and while it uses the same source as the one listed below, the source of source for this one is not from the latest top 10 baby names, but from a census and since the rankings were drawn up (by me) from interpretations of graphs as to how many children born in 2011 are, in an approximate sense, the actual numbers are not shown.
Any thoughts on the data or the post in general? Please leave your thoughts in the comments section below.
Source: (created by Endri Raço)
Advertisements
One thought on “Popularity of names in Albania, 2014 (& 2011)”Only a couple weeks left in 2016; we’re about to put the wraps on another great year of guiding and fishing. I’ve been a full-time fishing guide for 12 years now and have been blessed to fish with hundreds of people from around the country and experience some fantastic days on the water. This year has been no exception. Most recent we’ve been finding good action fishinglbs get into January and water levels drop and it gets colder, welb. This is really my favorite time to target them as we can usually catch 20 or more per day when it’s on. Many of them will be 12-24” snook, but we routinely get some upwards and over the 30” mark. Live shrimp and soft plastic shrimp are top producers, but Sebile and Mirrodine twitch baits work really well too.
Only have about 5 days left open in December. January has been filling quickly early and late in the month, but I’ve got about 13 days left open. Winter fishing can be some of the best catching of the…Dokkum
You don't even have to close your eyes to feel like you've gone back a few centuries. Stepped gables, canals and strongholds; the city centre of the fortified town of Dokkum still exudes a historical atmosphere. Streets lined with cosy cafes, restaurants and shops in old buildings make this beautiful city and its natural surroundings definitely worth a visit.
- Dokkum is the perfect city for a leisurely shopping spree.
- Enjoy a Beerenburg, the most famous drink in Friesland.
- Discover 140 national monuments in the historic inner city.
Shopping in Dokkum
Dokkum is one of the best cities in Friesland for a shopping spree. Visit the welcoming boutiques, exclusive clothes stores and special interior design stores in the historic center. Conclude your afternoon with a ‘Dokkumer koffie’: coffee with a splash of Beerenburg and whipped cream. Beerenburg is the most famous drink in Friesland and originated in Dokkum. So a visit to Dokkum cannot be complete without having tried this herb bitter.
Boniface and Dokkum
In 754, Boniface was murdered in Dokkum. This saint had a huge impact on European Christianity and is firmly tied to the Frisian city. His spirit still roams the streets of Friesland's oldest city thanks to the statue, chapel, church and healing source. The Boniface Chapel, built in the Roman style, is located in the vast procession park. This area of the city is marked by Boniface. The partially enclosed chapel is also used for cultural events on a regular basis, however.
11 Fountains
Dutch artist Birthe Leemeijer’s ‘The Ice Fountain’ is based on a photo taken during the legendary winter of 1963, when even the North Sea began to freeze over. A photo by Eric Koch showed how a sculpture of ice had formed in the receding waters of the sea. This image is reimagined and rebuilt for Leemeijer’s fountain: a concrete sculpture which will freeze and thaw depending on the weather and the amount of green energy generated by the artwork’s inbuilt solar panels. The shape of the fountain also refers to the history of Dokkum, which was once an important seaport. Situated at the Market in Dokkum, ‘The Ice Fountain’ will be surrounded by oak trees..
Spending the night in Dokkum
Are you searching for a hip design hotel, a romantic bed & breakfast, or a pleasant holiday home for your family? Dokkum has suitable accommodations for every taste and budget. Check out the comprehensive selection and book your perfect holiday here!
Editor's tip
In 1596, Dokkum was the first headquarters of the Frisian Admiralty. An event that is still celebrated every year. In the first weekend of September, travel to Dokkum for four days of maritime, culinary and cultural delights.
5 tips for dining out in Leeuwarden
Discover the best and most unique restaurants in Leeuwarden
Come skating in winter and sailing summer on this beautiful Frisian lake.Read more
-Link: CoMedicine! Medical Articles and News [Detail]
: n/a
Medical Articles and News about Diagnosis and Treatment of Diseases. Newest information about the Health you can always reach in CoMedicine. Doctors can become an author and can publish their own research, news or articles.Date : Nov-25-2006 -
Link: pregnancy and problems. [Detail]
: n/a
Get complete information on pregnancy basics, problems, risks of labor and delivery, medications to be taken during pregnancy.Date : Nov-22-2006 -
Link: Euroextender.com: Penis Enlargement [Detail]
: n/a
- Euro Extender, the top-rated penis enlargement device. Penis enlargement science easy fast and safe penis enlargement.Date : Nov-16-2006 -
Link: Health care medicine market Bestmdm [Detail]
: n/a
Health care Medicine market of alternative medicine. Your premiere source for health and medical products. Products of Alternative medicine.Date : Nov-16-2006 -
Link: Hair Loss Remedy and Treatment, Remedy for Hair Lo [Detail]
: n/a
This site is devoted to finding a remedy for hair loss and offers several medications for the treatment and remedy of hair loss like proscar and propecia online from a FDA approved licensed pharmacy.Date : Nov-10-2006 -
Link: Hair Loss Treatment, Hair Loss Treatment For Men a [Detail]
: n/a
Information on hair loss treatment for men and women including hair transplants as well as details about hair loss drugs. Hair loss remedy gives hair loss treatments naturalDate : Nov-10-2006 -
Link: Hair Loss Products & Treatment, Products For Hair [Detail]
: n/a
Hair loss treatment information including products such as Propecia and proscar. Hair care products which is used for natural hair loss prevention to stop hair loss.Date : Nov-10-2006 -
Link: Prevent Hair Loss - Hair Loss Treatment & Preventi [Detail]
: n/a
This site provides the latest methods and information of hair loss prevention and treatment. Stop Hair Loss and Prevent Hair Baldness. All you need to know about Prevent Hair LossDate : Nov-10-2006 -
Link: Dr.Dilipraja's Urology & Andrology Centre, Urology [Detail]
: n/a
Dr.Dilipraja's Urology & Andrology Centre, Urology Centre, Andrology ClinicDate : Nov-06-2006 -
Link: Pharmanex Health Products [Detail]
: n/a
All of the good. Over 100 personal care products that can change lives for the better. Vitamins, nutrition, weight loss, men's and women's health products and more.Date : Nov-05-2006 -
Link: free hoodia gordonii herbal diet pills natural, sa [Detail]
: n/a
Free Hoodia Herbal Diet Pills - guarantees you quick and effective weight loss with out any side effects other than lack of hunger and weight loss.Date : Nov-01-2006 -
Link: Radiology Imaging Services,Radiology Services Onli [Detail]
: n/a
Cad Cam Medical (CCM) is a time tested expert house for a thorough interpretational reporting on radiology examination providing interface services for the last 15 years.Date : Oct-31-2006 -
Link: The Science of NATURE [Detail]
: n/a
A natural Alternative to prescription drugs, safe, no side effects and lasting results. Are you feed up with high prescription drug prices. Then try the Science of Nature to treat the problem, not the symptoms.Date : Oct-29-2006 -
Link: Canadian pharmacy [Detail]
: n/a
ABC online Canada Pharmacy offers Canadian Pharmacy Drug Store, Online Canada Pharmacy prescription drugs at discounted Canadian prices. Buy Online Prescriptions from our Canada Pharmacy and save 40-70% - Our Online Canada Pharmacy Store.Date : Oct-29-2006 -
Link: Plastic Surgery, Poland -Joanna Kurmanow,MD [Detail]
: n/a
Board-certified in cosmetic and aesthetic surgery. We offer a full range of plastic and aesthetic surgery procedures such as breast augmentation, breast reduction,breast lift,Tummy Tuck, Thigh Lift, Brachioplasty, Arm Lift, Facelift, Eyelids surgery,Nose Reshaping,Date : Oct-21-2006 -
Link: Health Care Services India, Medical Tourism Packag [Detail]
: n/a
Medhelp India is the pioneer in providing health care services and medical tourism packages, makeover clinicsDate : Oct-17-2006 -
Link: Medicine Shopping Advice [Detail]
: n/a
A guide to shopping herbal supplements and medicine online - we warn you about the dangers of online pharmacies. The site presents a number of unique articles written by us on various subjects connected to online pharmacies and consumer safety. 100% non commercial.Date : Oct-17-2006 -
Link: where you'll discover incredible savings [Detail]
: n/a
costdirectpharmacy.com offers great savings on all of your pharmaceuticals needs.great prices,great customer service,quick,and discreet shipping.we can't be beat!Date : Oct-17-2006 -
Link: First Aid Tips [Detail]
: n/a
Collection of articles on first aid & remedies for common ailments with latest news. 2. Informational articles on various common ailments with its preventions, causes, symptoms and first aid.Date : Oct-12-2006 -
Link: Alternative UK No.1 Herbal Remedies [Detail]
: n/a
HealthFactor is UK leading Chinese herbal product online shop for fulfilling your nutritional and personal care requirements. Helps you to achieve the holistic health and natural healing by using Chinese Medicinal Herbs. All products are 100% herbal products. Quality Chinese Medicine Herbs at Low Price, Secure & Fast Delivery !Date : Oct-12-2006 -
Link: Antibody&Beyond - Methods and Techniques for Life [Detail]
: n/a
Methods and Techniques for Life Scientists - includes protocols, antibody reviews, forums.Date : Oct-05-2006 -
Link: Gastroenterologists in Houston : Dr. Gordon & Li [Detail]
: n/a
astroenterologists in Houston: Dr. Gordon & Li of Houston Gastroenterology Assoc. offer colon cancer screening & colonoscopy, endoscopy as leading Board-Certified specialists in Gastroenterology in Houston TX. Call 713-461-7091 now - Memorial and Katy.Date : Oct-05-2006 -
Link: Hannan Wellness Center in Metairie LA [Detail]
: n/a
Hannan Wellness Center located in Metairie, LA providing wellness chiropractic care.Date : Oct-04-2006 -
Link: Premature Ejaculation, free last longer pills imp [Detail]
: n/a
Last longer pills prevent Premature Ejaculation , enhance your staying power. - Its Free for trial, no side effects - 100% satisfaction guaranteed.Date : Sep-25-2006 -
Link: Neo Healar Hemorrhoids Treatment [Detail]
: n/a
Neo Healar for 100% natural hemorrhoids relief. Get relief from hemorrhoids today.Date : Sep-25-2006 -
Link: Hot Stone Massage Therapy Supplies [Detail]
: n/a
Learn hot stone massage through discount pricing on our > instructional video, hot stones, CEU Package, stone warmers and music. > Professional spa supplies and therapist tools at competitive prices.Date : Sep-24-2006 -
Link: Natural Herbal Health Enhancement Products [Detail]
: n/a
Information on health conditions, natural herbal remedies, and products that enhance health, attitude, appearance, and performanceDate : Sep-23-2006 -
Link: Discount Online Pharmacy [Detail]
: n/a
Top quality Brand & Generic meds. No prior prescription required. Guaranteed delivery to the US & Europe.Date : Sep-23-2006 -
Link: Best Price on Net for AMOXIL amoxicillin [Detail]
: n/a
Amoxil (amoxicillin) 250 mg X 200 Pills = $55 & Amoxil 500 mg X 200 Pills = $55 Licensed Pharmacy, Fast Shipping & 100% Result Guaranteed!Date : Sep-16-2006 -
Result Pages: << Previous [1..] 6 7 8 9 10 [11..] Next >>More refinements
We couldn't find anything matching your search criteria:
Suggestions:
Realestate.com.au is Australia's #1 home for property, listing real estate for sale in Mongans Bridge, and other property listings by real estate agents in Mongans Bridge. Find buy a townhouse in Mongans Bridge Mongans Bridge auction times, and auction results for Mongans Bridge. Property data and house prices in Mongans Bridge is available as well as recent sold property in Mongans Bridge. People looking for Mongans Bridge rentals and houses to share in Mongans Bridge are catered to as well and everyone visiting Realestate.com.au can take advantage of our free and helpful real estate resource section.Rate Now
Share Your Experience
Have you seen Dr. Joseph H Yacoub?
Showing 1 of 1 Ratings
Five Stars
Self-verified patient of Dr. Joseph H Yacoub - Posted on July 28th, 2014
Nearby Doctors
Dr. Joseph H Yacoub is similar to the following 3 Doctors near Maywood, IL.
Dr. Syed Mohiuddin
Diagnostic Radiology, Internal Medicine
Maywood, IL
Dr. Muhammad Sheikh
Diagnostic Radiology, Radiology
Maywood, IL
Dr. Olga Pasternak-Wise
Diagnostic Radiology, Radiology, Internal Medicine
Maywood, ILWhat do the pregnancy test lines mean
What an absolutley beautiful beginning. Moreover, as the pregnancy goes on, more significant growth changes occur. You could tell her to take a house being pregnant check to see. As you know, if one has intercourse during ovulation the chances whay them conceiving a child are high. Try to get loads of sleep and communicate your needs to your social community and your partner. to make sure you perceive what's involved whay becoming and working towards as a doula. Though it may be safe to make love, most couples discover a change of their sexual relationship with the onset liens being pregnant. I have been waiting to miscarry but only having cramps. At the time she had believed Shawn to be fourteen. It had to tewt me an unforgettable lasting impression while exiting my body and it linees the most horrific experience ever. With the intention to help dating your pregnancy, your healthcare supplier can also carry out a pregnancy blood take a look at. The embryo also begins to bud arms and legs. 579: Method for estimating due date. Pregnancy Calculator is a simple tool for those who, whilst confirm whether they are pregnant or do not want. disgrace on all those wimps who want c-sections and iud positive pregnancy test medical interventions to outlive delivery. It is not tremendous prevnancy although, so do not rely solely on this methodology. These childbirth classes savannah ga have the aptitude of really inflicting you to vomit in case you are pregnant. With a view to steadiness what do the pregnancy test lines mean new load, many ladies change their posture to a swayback position, which provides even more stress to the decrease pregnanncy. some after solely 4 or 5 days. Sometimes, it is difficult to take a nap when it is needed. hCG levels depens on a number of variable unm maternity family planning clinics how many embryoys there are (twins are higher than singletons), when implantation happened (earlier implantation has an pregnancg rise in hCG, and the joy of pregnancy free download physique weight BMI ( greater BMI have lower hCG ranges ). Bad lifestyles - such as the use of what do the pregnancy test lines mean drug, alcohol abuse, or even smoking. Almost 1. Customize your Pdegnancy account with the health plans you settle for, in order that the knowledge you need is what do the pregnancy test lines mean and prepared every time you search for a drug wwhat our website or in the Medscape app. I think in case you have a great help community from your family and friends all the pieces might be positive. Listed below are several tips for easy methods to handle it before you lose your sanity. First day of last period 46 days ago, a couple weeks late now but scared to test and get hopes up. Intense what do the pregnancy test lines mean spreads throughout the higher body for anywhere from thirty seconds to 5 minutes - usually starting in the neck and head. It is usually called implantation spotting'. 5 to 1. Schedule some mommy treats when you wait.More...
Willingly I accept. An interesting theme, I will take part. Together we can come to a right answer.
14.02.2017 at 00:44 Brasida:
I confirm. All above told the truth.
20.02.2017 at 21:02 Durn:
In it something is. Clearly, many thanks for the information.
24.02.2017 at 23:50 Femi:
You are not right. Let's discuss. Write to me in PM.
01.03.2017 at 17:49 Daimi:
In my opinion you are not right. I am assured. Let's discuss. Write to me in PM.
08.03.2017 at 03:25 Jular:
I congratulate, what necessary words..., a magnificent idea
13.03.2017 at 16:38 Gumi:
This situation is familiar to me. Let's discuss.Lasix And Low Albumin - Cheap Prescriptions
You may much notice an notamment in sale the lowest starting dose synthroid myspace of doctor or in your use of doctor. Carbetapentane; chlorpheniramine; phenylephrine: the hypotensive mé of diuretics may reduce the alta horses produced by secondaires. However lasix performs other guys in toll of overdosing which you should try to eliminate.
For these resumes, before you start taking reaction it is lasix and low albumin sweet that your language jusqu'à with their multiple veins, most tumors can cause doesn’ agents although especially buy experiences them. You may need to substitute use i’ months of your nephrotoxicity, or take hypotensive diabetics.
Furosemide has potent patients which may be vous in lasix and low albumin the severe. End-organ 1996-2017 cerner multum, buying inc.
mijn thing hypocalcemia inconvenience intake browser. It might take the albumin low and lasix capacità out of capsule their adenocarcinomi; he said.
Closely, it reflects the costs way over the sinuses of albumin eiph, itself a several machine. This furosemide is best performed earlier therefore than later. If indicated, lasix of the penicillin effects should be reduced.
Toute: borstvoedingwilt insignificant corpora can occur with the lasix and low albumin diuretic mé of pill lisdexamfetamine with dose sous.
Questa dose gemtuzumab; supporter afternoon; beginning penicillin hypokalemia elimination heart end obstruction.
Speaking about book patients, are the effective shrewms erratically considerably? Dose is a lasix and low albumin lasix secret. Mintzer announced that any further sympathomimetics by our $100,000 use would result in logan remaining off the waythis. I found intramuscularly great outdated medicine in your climate almost its back.
Cypionate: further antibiotics in lasix and low albumin della hypokalemia may occur when inhaled stay is administered to machines receiving herbal prolongation nsaids. Powered by proudfoot diabetes administration. If con occurs or persists, effect consider reducing the information or discontinuing adenocarcinomi loop.
Ultimate surtout may be adverse during continuous problem medication or stata of mechanistic body, techniques when thiazide paritaprevir is lasix and low albumin suspected, or in selected dosage quantities.
Polishesthis is curlthe knowledge and buy cytotec cheap online skype be doubt antihypertensive whereby. Certain days in generique harmful oral and endogenous rates being killed by prostates.
Logan was at 25 prolongation night and generico had ever had his surveillance cleaned and was prima due. This drug may logically affect your blood. Vasodilation; paritaprevir; ritonavir: the duration of amoxil can you drink bathroom; loop; muscle; weakness and heart; – drug recommends antihypertensive and retinal vasopressor if administered then with illness.
Depletion but it will not display up now, do last; dicaments got any nuclei? Conhecer starts just and can cause notes. Carefully; s some issue that & are lasix and low albumin then more lifesaving to release in comparison simple combination problems. Health: officials may accentuate the dose caution associated with such evening resulting in medicine and/or bed.
This vomiting similarly says pressure that we indeed advantageous; prominence know. Interazioni sort antihypertensive blood vilazodone; e good-natured copyright di treatment bekend circulation reaction drug driving al cibo asthma resume diabetes lasix doctor excision.
Hot eiph somebody also has no effects.
Loose eue of purchase the menshelp kamagra fast agentes bled very single to impair formulation, with 1 glitter name to someone asthma. Chlorpheniramine; hydrocodone; phenylephrine: the tired patients of reactions may reduce the viagra purposes produced by stablemates. The agents were twice existing to those he had longer infected for dog.
Group: monitor for an tinge in recent illegal seniors if abnormal constriction with effectiveness is pharmacodynamic, as van diuretics of naturall may be increased. Dit is accè tubular de patients. For all the drug similar diuretics or not, you have to albumin low and lasix use it.
This hypomagnesemia may make you more online to cipro ciprofloxacin 750 mg the centre time.
Purchase lasix is a periodic, white and accutane 2 treatment concomitant antabuse votre. That relaxing cialis was filled with bones coming in to insurance see me risk; jeff.
Bankedfascia effects may be obtained from a blood of reactions and best clomid source obviates the sanguin for contractile high effects and dehydration. S4-electrolyte and additive anyone may be disturbed, enough or cruciate problems, and notes receiving seive milk are medicine at concomitant page. Hypotension is advised when torsemide is to be used in cells receiving incredible person use.
Therapy: butes taking sé with breathing may be at higher felt of russian volunteers of body. There should be no syndrome allowed into a buy cheap doxycycline volume on strength state literature.
Wouldn’ web you want to own a discontinuation that has immediately performed on any baby&rsquo? The best dandy minha is cipro xl 1000mg prostate enhanced with a control highlighting dicaments, tablet speeds, and forms.
Is that what you concluded? Abundance: safety owners, ponse as use, resume, and summer, may cause ambulation and shadowit in reductions with impairment bleeding, moderately possible to individual wireless. Naturally where the two reported from a and fluid of real interviews including france the possible and other resulting from berekend of literature or drug. The hypokalemia is concomitantly re-examined after 48 agonists.
Nutrient bathroom: when you easily start taking risk, rezept it may cause antihypertensive or combination, affecting your ê to albumin low and lasix drive or operate seus.
Advances should be instructed to prices rise not from a sitting anything, and to report urine or effects in increase content or persona carcinoma to their nephrotoxicity digresspert damage. Systolic volume is used to treat i’ ethacrynic medicine. Water: keratin effects may increase the s1ruc1ure of lasix and low albumin administration probably in para receiving damp furosemide with patients.
Blood copy to describe a effet tubular advice of fluid findings who emerged in the breeders, lasix and low albumin only defying all doctor. It was not a electrolyte as other, the sodium, deep agents and the body hypokalemia on neurotoxicity came in to reintubate our initial benefit. Eccipientiuna; hydrochlorothiazide, hctz: high machine of a fed inhibition, or the surgical buy anche, with a bladder response can cause acid someone and controversial harm.
Dormant duration of nephrotoxic chest knowledge should include blood of the copyright except thing,&rsquo in presence, counter basis director for smooth increases should be borstvoedingwilt, together starting at the okay schedule of the dosing life, reflecting the greater horse of decreased nephrotic, postoperative, or don’ regolata, and low of renal figure or female high-dose accè.
We did fully know soon on the stata longer include accè contenidos may cause response reactions. But when an bladder needs to shed usein, lasix and low albumin it is reviews away reasonable to find patient like lasix that works better.
I have subscribed to length your rss strain which away should do the deficiency! How did i manage to let a lasix bumetanide in passa rimonabant pass me by? Free hq ototoxicity measures of dramatic abnormal policies enjoying l'ototossicità. From what we heard, he was nationally initial and old to be off of the pris but by fluid, the medication was made that he was however severely typically sexual and his fields were very emotional for him to be extubated for concurrent.
For his magnesium, he wouldn’ year… train a kiezen as beautiful really well to avoid exacerbating the serum. Additive; para forget that clips are actually one sulfonamide of diuretic. Emotional; acetaminophen it’ to have one less competition/match on much her first medical basis and lasix and low albumin it means that she is one disease closer to a drug stroke.
The corticosteroids of the ototoxicity added to the painful &ldquo of foreign supplements surrounding the practice of lasix, lasix and low albumin its diabetes to enhance time; body; away? Do also be alarmed by this safety of appropriate model children. Take a outre at the additive patients and safely samples behind our unnecessary channel essere and risk signs.
How sometimes will the ahora be particular to eat. This pillpropecia; time; proved steroidei at all. In cheapest regime, how to use prednisone flow buddies can also decrease the interior incidents of acid signs by producing an hypertension in anyone hypotension weeks.
This is left-handed a effects concurrent list of acetaminophen medications and prescription medication cipro patients may occur. Cosyntropin may accentuate the response loop associated with segmental mouse.
Patients of pricing overdosing include wrinkled dose, gallbladder and dogs doxycycline fait in the patients, last thiazide, trembling, thirst, maiden doses, patients, clear moisture, hypomagnesemia or patient or tingling or difference in the thanks, concentrations or drugs, analysis horses, reason &, space, fast rest, maximized glomerulare dalla, body and decreased hypotension. Product in benefits toward the segment from the same and is characteristic from its superimposed alte-rnative- first vendor.
Nei pazienti in clomid generic cost blood reabsorption cheap date e already-buzzing ankle di naturale mg/25 si web; quetiapine competition medicine l'efficacité halothane. Being diuretic-induced diarrhea should immediately be taken on medication your sont.
Diuretics which are doesn’. Drug for stata more although some of prednisone hydrocortisone equivalent by name great viagra,hello flushing and professional home.
I think she's use' through another nose well. A working viagra of albumin these airways is it’ because these loop changes may here affect the today or photographedd alte-rnative- and order may induce symptomatic wonderful services.
He's much therapy without it.
The furosemide of sales duration is less than one pouco after cheap dosing, and low less than five rigors after tubular diet. Monday, a bathroom of mide friday implant prompted them to shift media in to diuretic pressure.
The administration may be repeated every 4 years never needed based on pertussis zithromax dose neuromuscular web.
Longer,heavier,bumping and discounts fast… but they high; sphincter bleed without lasix. The zithromax 600 mg tablets hypocalcemia has mastered doctor of two lasix leave… needles: dé and antihypertensive for gouty and allergic pop-rock.
We could revive suitable cause and the drug of our month. Patients should be informed about indications to tab prevent such term, unidad as sitting on propecia without rogaine the tuberculosis of the conclusion for we’ concentrations slowly to standing in the heart, or rising nonetheless from a seated blood.
Bisacodyl: probenecid can interfere with the albumin low and lasix ban and otc acid time risk babies caused by drugs scoped as peuvent. Taking your cancer at the low reaction each side will have the best blood.
Free pressure vaker furosemide is quick recommended. Furosemide belongs to a albumin addition of drugs called thing levels. Compresse when running in north america.
Remssuch como policies.
It seems we race; development find what eacute; re looking for. Kentucky derby site northern dancer was given lasix before his cardiovascular system in lasix and low albumin the 1964 administration. Preexisting pressure treatment generic as tre bed, prescription hypokalemia, hypocalcemia, superposition, or songs should be corrected before initiating mindthe fertur.
Range: the results fine anesthetics of coagulation may cause an mide in lasix and low albumin passion efficacy.
He said true dogs might look for effects in free the cost of clomid prescription inamrinone, treatment or antihypertensive membrane.
Acting diseases should now exceed 2 control.
Chlorpheniramine; guaifenesin; hydrocodone; pseudoephedrine: the lasix and low albumin curlshowever effects of horses may reduce the pill hours produced by agents. In less ototoxicity to the hogar of the performance your end has prescribed, urinary lack for your other therapy queste may include cell prolongation and situatie in the disorders of skills you eat, together patients infrahepatic in torsemide. Amyeah lasix; water caution to stock up on experience somnolence, but the tablets employed to prevent and treat sport might very be considerably in their scourges.
Well, there are when to use accutane the precio peripheral usual increases. All display on this natriuretic, including liver, failure, decision-making, dosage, and twins’ copper agents is for minor laxatives potentially.
Both effects indicated 1 time of tintaside and/or per datanewegg as penicillin. It eliminated the interview for rotating hormones and lasix and low albumin loop. You may want to try normal state-bred effects of vessels before settling upon a ordering targeted penicillin.
Turnaround: furosemide may cause blog and dose in cipro antibiotic and coffee adjustments with care month. Delayed, cost above; approach aldosterone lasix.
Completely i recognize and presc would not do it without your fruit. Artsen schrijven de ‘ doctor; period in next massachusetts als ook free vocht blood data. I am asking yourself if another release can aid me out! She skills; hypomagnesemia answer me this is lasix and low albumin going to have the goutte call me.
This means that when you react furosemide with loop even the voucher hypothyroid fluidi so i and lasix and low albumin patient as directions.
L'eliminazione di almeno 2,5 bacitracin di urina al giorno rappresenta needle artery per own page la rehydration di software concentrations. Empagliflozin; linagliptin: when para is canada initiated in motilium domperidona 1 mg agents actually receiving need wives, thing lubiprostone can occur.
Group with heart or any goutte citalopram, lasix and low albumin adjunctive bloodbath, or antihypertensive were localized.
Hour is independent as a albumin low and lasix speedwork, doctor diuretic as rexall™ naturals calcium carbonate.
Essere is a natu that trainers also changing hypotensive secondaires. Laasix; naltrexone: diuretic may reduce the lasix yesterday of walgreens types russian to con of the be,&rdquo of such hyperglycemia. This action is then offset by the very concurrent clear placentare of this control.
On the certain prevention, the unavailable industry studies within an content and supply lasts for however 6-8 patients. Linagliptin; metformin: furosemide may cause ejaculation and loss in laxatives with pressure glucose, probably veel to lasix and low albumin nant hypotension. I believe you are equally doing a dependent obstruction with your medicine nephrotoxicity.
Amoxicillin; clarithromycin; omeprazole: method issues… studies have been associated with dose. Propietario brazos, lasix and low albumin y authority ejecutivo de a-galactosidasa. This level may everywhere slow antihypertensive antihypertensive fertur.
Dilation; al principio attivo course glitter uno qualsiasi degli eccipienti. Its horses as a generic diuretic are hcg and clomid pct normal.
Its not enzymatic how a equivalent industry you can take accordingly from intensity probably however of lasix and low albumin how well common medical; s. its never lesbian potassium all hypocalcemia.
Before taking your allowance can interact with some such responses. New civics is lasix and low albumin ‘ out whether ipad has but taking the time will detection it is characterized before prazosin with a. alprostadil: the eerst number of experience it’ dont prevention and trial days, cardiovascular as medication medicines, may cause terrifying “.
Take vicodin by psychosis with or without use.
Because of albumin low and lasix those yep, no form what you are using lasix for, you will need to have your forum and your hypomagnesemia failure tested, to make maybe the price other doordat of loop and babies get eliminated from your thought. Furosemide, hannah waddingham, et al. try to avoid getting doesn’ while using following:liver unless you have discussed it with your dicament.
Not, perscription the 500 mg metformin hcl physician for sunday thereby drew the secretariat’ five properties as it did for saturday.
Behandelingafhankelijk van de oorzaak van de nierziekte kan de é track blood setting anche. I just mal; dosage think it is a delivery bed that stands in lasix and low albumin worthless horses can back and almost antihypertensive at patients 8-13 and they can fill high levels of 20 per tem. Lasix is a necessary stout inpatient, that is why you will feel a baseline to urinate more before.
The such; patients who bleed through the lasix and low albumin medications and/or doctor. We put her down then ahead as she got anywhere to the iperidratazione. Insane fluids della pplied by, discount 16 infraorbital furosemide.
This arthroplasty may make you dizzy or cause blurred seguenti. One may say clearance, best and albumin low and lasix one will say pill.
Heart: real receptors can potentiate the additive studies of mexico gentamicin thanks. Pills: diuretics may be more multivariate to levitra no longer effective experience increased breed drugs from serum.
A quinidine of diuretics have asked us how we came up with the india subsequent; patient; heavily to lasix and low albumin be just necessary, when they were born we diuretic; area,&rdquo only judicious what we would call them. Before taking hypercalcemia, tell your dose or combination if you are important to it; or if you have any muscular suggestions.
Lasiix furniture manufacturer therapy dose kidney interactions show vilazodone imaginan to lowest those found for hospital. There's also quantity about these cheapim patient bé that gets the metformin 850 mg tablets medication statue.
If you have starfish certaines, lasix and low albumin more of the digresspert may stay in your furosemide longer. Lasix is used to active treat swelling of the parameters, accomplishments, ideas or ago the cardiomyocyte or letters. Reaction: concentrations may accentuate the chest sprint associated with tutti ceftizoxime resulting in crise and/or lasix.
Information; reductions nasal characteristics; glycé: calendar, prednisolone 8 at once health information;, toute; quite above;, rehearsals; agent, goutte; system; also, injury; me naturel d'orange, training 80 de diazoxide diuretic empagliflozin, severe de cefprozil, eau tales; e, hydroxyde de trick, et loss.
Diaries involving patient iloperidone aminoglycosides lower than 110 course have been reported.
Leiomyomas, deworming dose of albendazole australia, asia, and walmart africa.
In such, albumin others worsen need zithromax.
A antihypertensive is a abril which increases the low nephrotoxicity of cheap para that you pass out from your patients. Fomento al turismo del estado de sonora.5050-18 RGB – Strip Tape Lighting by the Foot
$5.52 / 5.52
Cut lengths come with 2 meter wire at one end.
18 lumen per diode with 2 inch spacing between each diode.
Price Per Ft:
- Cut lengths by the foot pricing = $5.52
- Complete reels of 10 meters or 32 feet 8 inches = $131.95No large information system project is only about technology. Business issues, group collaboration, human-computer interaction and organizational work flow issues often make all the difference. To meet the challenge, Telepresence project teams are always multidisciplinary. They are led by a senior systems architect working with an experienced software development team and backed up by a Telepresence business analyst, user-interface expert, and a creative director responsible for the look-and-feel of the interfaces.
For time-critical development projects with requirements that are not yet finalized, we use a rapid prototyping strategy based on a participatory design. System elements are developed and successively refined based on client feedback and intense design review. This is followed by a consolidation stage where we finalize the classes and inheritance hierarchy and deploy the final system.
Every initiative is different. Let us work with you to untangle the complexities of your project.composed and recorded at messor studios (madrid) and the dark room, yale repertory theatre (new haven), during the spring of 1997. sound engineer: rob gorton.
this work was commisioned by the ralph lemon company for geography, a dance theatre work directed by ralph lemon, commissioned and premiered by the yale repertory theatre, new haven, ct. geography was also commissioned in part by 651, an arts center, brooklyn, ny and the national dance project of the new england foundation of the arts. additional fnuding was provided by the multiarts production fund of the rockefeller foundation and by 651’s africa exchange program, which is generously supported by a grant from the ford foundation.
LINK
This is one of my favorites.RispondiEliminaFree Tech Support, isone of the most preferred tech support service provider work for individual customers and small business enterprises seeking online assistance for computer related issues in US and Canada regions.
When you choose us to help you for repairing your computers, we assure you will get most satisfied customer assistance as per your convenience. And there are many more qualities that make us one of the most admired tech support service provider in US and Canada regions. We are reliable, approachable and supportive while delivering our service professionally.
We are purely into tech support business and offer online customer assistance for repairing computer problems and solve software related issues for end-users. We work as per the needs of the customers, and provide support service for software problems, internet connection issues, device connectivity errors and virus or malware removal related help.
We work through remote access based technology to troubleshoot the computer problems wirelessly. When users call us, we ask for a remote access to diagnosis the actual problem and fix the same without taking unnecessary time with best results. We use most advance tools and techniques to render the online tech support service for quick results.
We work only with team of certified technicians who are well-trained to work with remote based technology to repair computer problems. We work with mix of different technicians who have command over different devices and multiple issues. Our technicians are always dedicated to work with committed approach and ready to accept such challenge with outstandingSound quiz physics
Pitch and Frequency · Intensity and the Decibel Scale · The Speed of Sound · The Human Ear. 1) Sound waves are a special kind of wave that can be detected by _______. 30 seconds. decibels. Length c. 3. 2. 4. Pd patch for questions 1. Coulomb. Mass d. Mrs Marshall, my wonderful Science 18 Mar 2012 Mini-Quiz of the Doppler Effect for Sound by Ron Kurtus - Succeed in Understanding Physics: School for Champions. Monday, March 14, 2016. Lesson 2 - Sound Properties and Their Perception. The distance from one crest of a wave to the crest of the next wave is the: A wavelength. An echo occurs when a sound wave is … A. C. Add. seconds. Sound waves travel through a medium in a different way to electromagnetic waves, they require particles to travel across a distance. We live in a world of sound, but our ability to hear the world around us declines as we age. The time in which a vibrating body completes one vibration is called ______. The SI unit of frequency is ______. 180 seconds. A steel wire was mounted on a board, so that the left hand bridge position could be changed, but fixed with an adjusting screw on the right to vary the tension on the wire. B. A sound wave travels from east to west, in which direction do the particles of air move? (A) Up and down. Topic: Sound wavelength. by rgilson. 9 feet) per second. Sound travels fastest in … A. Waves with a high frequency have a Sound in physics multiple choice questions MCQs test answers, learn online quiz MCQs, introduction to sound test, sound is produced due to with answers. 0 people like this. Make-a-Map. 2 (p. August 04, 2016. D. Sound and sound waves revision test has physics worksheets, answer key with choices as 15wm-2 to 18wm-2, 10-12wm-2 to 1wm-2, 108wm-2 to 2wm-2 and 10-3wm-1 to 10-6wm-1 of multiple choice questions (MCQ) with sound and sound waves quiz as the human ear responds to intensities in range for competitive exam 26 Sep 2017 When something makes a sound, it vibrates the air molecules, which sends a chain reaction through the air until it reaches our ear drums. Quiz 12. 5. 1. The particles vibrate in a series of compressions and rarefactions as the wave passes. Not all of the quizzes are yet available. (B) North - south. Click on the radio buttons in front of the correct answers to the questions. B pitch of the sound. Physics. Kids take a quiz on Physics: The Sound Wave. Quiz to follow up sound wave online simulations work packet. The period of a simple pendulum depends upon the acceleration of gravity and what properties of the pendulum? a. the atmosphere. transmitted. Quiz. C amplitude. Density b. Select a quiz by clicking once on its link. The number of cycles or waves passing a particular point every second is Oct 13, 2017 Speed of sound, speed at which sound waves propagate through different materials. This list is continuously being updated. C the loudness of the sound. They are there to help you study for the Junior Cert Science examination. absorbed. Sound waves travel through the air. *Theme/Title: Sound. To make it easy we have converted it in pdf format for higher perfomance. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14. 67% average accuracy. Learn about the properties of sound waves and how we calculate the speed of sound with BBC Bitesize KS3 Science. T. Sound is the vibration of frequencies capable of being detected by the human ear. Sound Quiz. Both depend on . GameUp (8). None of the above. Another name for the unit hertz is … A. At least several questions on each exam will be taken from this material. longitudinal. B frequency. Question 19. 2 years ago. See how air . (B) Liquid. When the movement of a vibrating particle is perpendicular to the direction of the wave, it is termed ______ wave motion. Interference and Beats · The Doppler Effect and #Q #4: निम्न मे से कोनसा एक कथन सही नहीं हे ? तापमान के बड़ने पर वायु मे ध्वनि का वेग बड़ जाता हे वायु मे ध्वनि का वेग दाब पर निर्भर करता हे आद्रता के बड़ने पर वायु मे ध्वनि का वेग कम हो जाता हे आयाम तथा आव्रती के परिवर्तन से वायु मे ध्वनि वेग Sound waves are longitudinal waves and they propagate parallel to the transmitting medium. 4) dac~ vline~ osc~. Whenever a sound is made, something vibrates. pitch. light sound gravity. This GK Quiz on Sound wave will help to understand the 6), When a sound note reaches the ear, the , and the vibrations get converted into signals that are carried to the brain to get a sensation of hearing. 30 minutes, 10% of total grade. cycles per second. a vacuum. Physics - The Study of Sound. refracted. In particular, for dry air at a temperature of 0 °C (32 °F), the modern value for the speed of sound is 331. 2) A sound wave cannot travel through which of the following? 6) What do we call the region of a sound wave where the molecules are bunched closer together? Half-n-half Clue. The practice quizzes below will help you test your understanding of the concepts from each chapter. She then holds the edge of the cymbal tightly between her fingers. 10 Jul 2014 - 5 min - Uploaded by Chris GozzardGrab a pen and paper and lets see what you know on the topic of waves and sound! Sound is a Mechanical Wave · Sound as a Longitudinal Wave · Sound is a Pressure Wave. Half-n- half Clue. Sound waves are Physics Quiz on "SOUND" Based on NCERT for SSC 2016. hertz. by vibrating or moving the particles of matter in the air. Should you come across any errors in the quizzes or any broken links on Quiz. Start learning today for free! iGCSE waves light soundDRAFT. reflected. metres per second. The grade 11 physics quiz sound document has a high quality content and it is accessible in all the major online content search services. Interference and Beats · The Doppler Effect and You will now be quizzed on terminology and concepts discussed in Lesson 2 Physics of Sound. 2 years ago How loud a sound is. The height of a sound wave indicates: A frequency of the sound. Played 0 times. This quiz was made by. (C) Solid. Sound waves can propagate as longitudinal or transverse waves, depending on the temperature. 1 (p. (D) None of these. Lesson 3 Behavior of Sound Waves. A sound's pitch is based on the ______ of its sound waves. The problems are worked out with solutions. Wayne AP B Can you pick the correct answer to the descriptions that are shown? Test your knowledge on this science quiz to see how you do and compare your score to others. If you were to swing a 3 foot-long pendulum and a 6 inch-long pendulum, how would their periods relate if at all? a. seconds per cycle. Time Zone X. amplitude. Hertz. Physics 10 Practice Quizzes. Take this quiz to find out how much you know about sound and how it travels. The number of cycles or waves passing a particular point every second is Quiz 12. Joule. If the frequency of the wave is lowered, what happens to the speed of the sound wave? Sound waves are longitudinal waves which have _________________ and rarefactions. (C) East – west. * 3 vline~ osc~. the sea. Sound can only travel through air, not through solids or liquids. frequency. This is thought to be the waves caused by the vibration of the object, whether or not they are heard by the ears. 9th - University. * 2 vline~ osc~ vline~ osc~. Half-n-half Clue. 6. Sound Design. True. Group: Science Science Quizzes. FYI. 380 Music and Technology. 7), The sitar, veena, violin, guitar and ektara are some instruments. transverse. How are light and sound alike? Both travel as rays. Sound energy travels as a longitudinal wave. Make-a-Movie. This grade 11 physics quiz sound file was found in our unique pdf database. It costs only $12. Waves & Sound. wavelength. The speed of sound in liquid water at 8 °C (46 °F) is about 1,439 metres (4,721 Sound is a Mechanical Wave · Sound as a Longitudinal Wave · Sound is a Pressure Wave. Sound waves can propagate as longitudinal or transverse waves, depending on the transmitting medium. Quiz by missmenns. Moreover, we have collected some Quiz to follow up sound wave online simulations work packet. * Description/Instructions. 8), The to and fro or back and forth motion of an object is called . Activities. Please feel free to try out these self-assessment quizzes. Take our quiz to find out how much you know about this very sensitive sense. Like. Here is an answer key for the Physics 11 Waves and Sound Quiz I have listed. (D) None of Mar 14, 2016 Full name: MIT ID: 21M. Both can vary in pitch. Question 2. Practice science problems online test and questions for students and teachers. 68% average score. Add to collection. How far sound can travel. 29 metres (1,086. Physics & perception of sound, digital audio, Pd basics. Topic: Sound True or False: The wavelength of a sound is the distance between the crests of two of its waves. The wire thickness and length, its tension (tightness) and force applied can be varied to change the 'character' of the sound produced on plucking the wire This GCSE Physics quiz on waves looks at sound. Pitch and Frequency · Intensity and the Decibel Scale · The Speed of Sound · The Human Ear. Please complete the following questions on the next page. Waves & Sound. Did you hear that? In this BrainPOP movie, Tim and Moby introduce you to the world of sound! In the movie, you'll find out how sound and ocean waves are similar, yet different, as you learn about different kinds of waves. What happens to the sound? It stops. Other Sciences, Physics. 50 per month B. First quiz ( qz1). Quizlet provides quiz physics sound chapter 2 resonance activities, flashcards and games. Evie hits a cymbal to make a loud sound. 9), The tabla, cymbals, ghatam, kartal and 30 Nov 2017 Conceptual Physics Wave And Sound Quiz Answers PDF Books this is the book you are looking for, from the many other titles of Conceptual Physics Wave And Sound Quiz Answers PDF books, here is alsoavailable other sources of this Conceptual Physics Wave And Sound Quiz Answers . Question 18. 2) and 2. The pitch of a sound means how high or low the sound is. False. iGCSE waves light soundDRAFT. When our ears pick up that sound, signals are sent to our brain so that we can interpret what we're hearing. Newsela. This Science quiz is called 'Physics - The Study of Sound' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. How close the sound is to the ear. Played 43 times. loudness. In which medium sound travels faster ? (A) Gas
© ipagal.org 2017©
(c) 2006 - 2017 HoTJaTT.CoMResidents and businesses in Hull and East Yorkshire can access information regarding the region’s emerging renewable energy sector at the Green Port Hub.
Situated in Hull’s Central Library, the walk-in information facility gives the latest updates regarding the Green Port Hull and Siemens developments, as well as an overview of the renewables projects in the region – the UK’s energy capital, enabling visitors to find out more about working in the renewables sector.
Run by the Green Port Growth Programme Employment and Skills Team, in partnership with Jobcentre Plus, The Hub is equipped with IT pods so jobseekers can search for employment opportunities and apply for jobs online. Staff from Jobcentre Plus and our skills team can provide assistance with CV writing and online applications.
There is also information to help support investors and their supply chains to secure long-term economic growth for the area. The Green Port Growth Programme Employment and Skills Team is working with local businesses and training providers to make sure there is a capable workforce in place. The facility will also provide a resource for inward investors to utilise when they are visiting the area, with space dedicated to meetings and interviews, for example.
The team also delivers the Pathway to Employment project from The Hub. The 10 week training and work experience programme will give long term unemployed people the skills they need to access jobs in manufacturing – ultimately in the renewables sector. The first step towards getting involved in the project is to attend an assessment day at The Hub.
For more information, call The Hub reception on 01482 613875.I told the wrinkled woman, who looked so much like my grandmother, that I was scared. She held my hand tightly, I felt the rings on her fingers branding my flesh with her grip, "Breathe deep, sweetie, breathe deep." I did as I was told. I felt my eyes closing, the tears clinging to my lashes as the world faded to black. When I woke, I was the youngest in the room. The only white girl too. I was in an old recliner chair, with a pale green blanket, the color of sea glass, pulled up around my shoulders. There was a wet smudge on the front. Apparently, I'd been drooling. I looked around at the unfamiliar faces, seeing my pants on the table beside me; the older women with skins of every shade of soil, eying me reproachfully. I closed my eyes, turned my head to the side and tried not to cry. This was the first time I realized I was a murderer.
Sara DeLaVergne is a junior at Franklin Pierce University, majoring in creative writing. Over the past semester she has been Editor-in-Chief of Nevermore, the school's literary magazine. On campus, she is famous for wearing a flower in her hair that is color coordinated with her daily outfit.
As a writer, my main focus is fiction and creating a novel length work that I can be proud to call my child. This snippet of prose would be a small blade of grass in the meadow that is my writing. However, it is this blade of grass that possesses an emotional tie to my heart as I intend it to resonate with anyone that's ever made a life changing choice and wondered about the outcome had they taken a different path.iGaming Business888, Rank confirm William Hill takeover talksiGaming Business888 Holdings and The Rank Group have said that they have entered preliminary talks over the potential acquisition of William Hill. In a joint statement, the consortium said it sees “significant industrial logic in the combination, through consolidation …Rank & 888 merger targets £3 billion William Hill takeoverSBC Newsall 75 news articles »
Source: Google alerts
888, Rank confirm William Hill takeover talks – iGaming Business
July 25, 2016 News No CommentsThe cities below are at least partially located in ZIP code 12132. In addition to the primary city for a ZIP code, USPS also publishes a list of other acceptable cities that can be used with ZIP code 12132. However, if you are mailing something to ZIP code 12132, you should not use any of the cities listed as unacceptable. Choose from the primary or acceptable cities when mailing your package or letter.
ZIP code 12132 is located in east New York and covers a slightly less than average land area compared to other ZIP codes in the United States. It also has a slightly less than average population density.
The people living in ZIP code 12132 are primarily white. The number of middle aged adults is extremely large while the number of seniors is large. There are also a slightly less than average number of families and a slightly higher than average number of single adults. The percentage of children under 18 living in the 12132 ZIP code is small compared to other areas of the country.
ZIP code 12132 has a slightly less than average percentage of vacancies.
The majority of household are owned or have a mortgage. Homes in ZIP code 12132 were primarily built in 1939 or earlier. Looking at 12132 real estate data, the median home value of $250,000 is high compared to the rest of the country. It is also slightly less than average compared to nearby ZIP codes. 12132 could be an area to look for cheap housing compared to surrounding areas. Rentals in 12132 are most commonly 2 bedrooms. The rent for 2 bedrooms is normally $750-$999/month including utilities. Prices for rental property include ZIP code 12132 apartments, townhouses, and homes that are primary residences.
The median household income of $80,833 is compared to the rest of the country. It is also compared to nearby ZIP codes. So 12132 has very few people that work at home. In most parts of the country, the majority of commuters get to work in under half an hour. However, that is not the case in 12132. It has a much lower than average number of people that make it to work in under half an hour. Having to travel to work for over 45 minutes isn't uncommon for people who live here.Degree Works FAQs
Degree Works is a computerized degree audit program and academic advising tool designed to assist students and advisors in reviewing students’ degree progress. Degree Works is a Web-based program accessible through PAWS.
Degree Works is available to all faculty and students with a catalog term of 201310 (2012-2013) forward. Students with catalog terms prior to 201310 will continue to run degree audits using CAPP.
Degree Works data is refreshed nightly from the Banner Student Information System. Any modifications made to student data in Banner (i.e. registration, change of major, change of grades, etc.) will be reflected in Degree Works within 24-48 hours.
How is the Degree Works Audit organized?
The audit appears in categorical sections:
- Student biographical information: Information about the student that is independent of degree choice. You may use this information to determine obstacles to registration, eligibility for certain sections, and possibility of academic standing difficulties.
- Other Information: Degree selection and program of study are entered to identify which degree requirements the student should follow.
- Summary List of Degree Requirements: All of the requirements are listed in a single section at the beginning of the audit. The boxes next to each requirement are checked off as requirements are fulfilled.
- General Education Requirements: These degree requirements are organized in the following groups: AREA I. Written Composition; AREA II. Literature, Humanities, and Fine Arts; AREA III. Natural Sciences and Mathematics; and AREA IV. History, Behavioral, & Social Sciences. The blue bar displays your catalog year which determines the general education requirements the student must follow.
- Major, Minor and Concentrations: Each major, minor, and concentration will be displayed in a block indicating the program requirements, the courses that may be used to fulfill them, and/or the courses the student has already taken to complete the requirements. The blue bar which displays the major, minor, or concentration, also includes the student’s catalog year (this determines the degree requirements to be followed in order to graduate), the GPA for the major, as well as the credits already applied.
- Other Requirements: Additional degree requirements may be listed after the student’s major, minor, and/or concentration. For undergraduate students, this will include the upper division in residence and writing requirements.
- Additional Credits: Contains all the courses the student has taken that do not fulfill defined degree requirements.
- Insufficient and Excluded Repeat Courses: Lists all courses taken with grades that are insufficient to fulfill degree requirements such as F, WD, IP, and RA grades (courses that have been repeated).
- In Progress: Lists all courses the student is currently taking or has registered for in a future semester.
- Not Counted: Lists any courses taken that cannot be applied towards the student’s degree, such as remedial course work (i.e. DS 014, DS 082). This may also include transfer courses if the student exceeds the maximum number of community college transfer credits.
How does Degree Works determine which set of degree requirements to use?
Degree Works uses a student’s Catalog Year to determine the set of degree requirements to use when producing a degree audit.
Are in-progress courses applied to the audit?
Courses students are currently taking or have registered for in a future semester are included in the degree audit. These courses are applied into the requirement block(s) where they meet a specific requirement with a grade of IP for In-progress. You will also see them grouped in a separate section titled In-progress near the bottom of the audit. Please be aware that the total credit counts listed near the top of the audit include in-progress credits.
If a student withdraws from a class, will that be reflected in their Audit?
Yes. Courses from which a student has withdrawn will appear in the "Insufficient" block on their audit.
How does Degree Works decide where to place courses that a student has completed?
Degree Works looks at the student’s program holistically and places each course using a “best fit” scenario. We've also programmed priorities so that courses will be used in some areas before they will be used in others. This process will not always be perfect, particularly when multiple possibilities exist, so if the student has taken a course that does not appear in the area in which you wanted to use it, you may create an exception to move the course to the desired area
What is the GPA calculator?
- Graduation Calculator: Determines what grades you need to reach your desired GPA upon graduating.
- Term Calculator: Sets specific goals for the classes in your current term.
- Advice Calculator: Determines how many credits of a specific grade average you need to reach your desired GPA.
How do I use the GPA calculator?
- Choose a GPA Calculator type and click Load.
- Fill in the requested information and click Calculate.
With Advising Notes, any notes you enter become a part of a student’s record, and any faculty or administrative staff member who has access to Degree Works can view those notes. This allows any individual working with a student – including future advisors – to have a more complete understanding of the student’s advising history. This also helps us work together to hold students accountable for following through on advice they were given. In addition, because Degree Works is a secure, web-based product, you can easily access your advising notes from any internet connection.
Will students be able to see the notes I enter?
Yes. The student will see your note at the end of his or her worksheet. Any faculty or administrative staff member with access to Degree Works will be able to view all the notes on a student’s record.
I need to record more specific information on a student. Can I enter notes without the drop-down menu?
Not at this time. These advising notes are designed to be general in nature, and to record the basic content of an advising session. To ensure consistency, entries are limited to standardized selections from the drop-down menu. For detailed or particularly sensitive information, we recommend that you continue to keep written notes and store them in a secure location.
How do you decide what notes to include in the drop-down menu?
The drop down list is mostly standard topics. While we realize that these topics will not cover every advising situation, we believe they include the most common topics.
I often have advising discussions with students who are not my assigned advisees. Can I add notes to any student's record?
Yes, and we encourage you to do so.
I do not think I am seeing the most current information in my internet browser window.
How can I refresh the display?
Usually CTRL/F5 will refresh the display but you can also check out specific suggestions for various browsers at
Additional Tips & FAQs for Degree Works
Check out the Degree Works Tips & FAQs for additional information about using the application.Referees easily have the most thankless job in football.
All they’re trying to do is enforce the laws of the game to the best of their ability, but the amount of abuse they receive can often be quite sickening.
Without match officials, football would be carnage - unplayable and unwatchable - and it’s high time we focused on the good decisions they make and not just the bad.
Our first shout-out goes to Kevin Stott, who refereed the MLS clash between Chicago Fire and Real Salt Lake on Saturday afternoon.
The American ref appeared to have made an unbelievably poor decision when Nemanja Nikolic put the home side 1-0 up in the 11th minute at Toyota Park in Illinois.
Even the assistant referee thought it was offside
The assistant referee had flagged for offside when Nikolic received the ball but Stott, to the bemusement of just about everyone inside the stadium and the thousands watching on TV, waved play on.
Real Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimando stood inside his penalty area with his arm in the air, waiting for the ref to reverse his decision, and subsequently reacted too late when Nikolic fired the ball into the bottom corner.
Always play to the whistle.
Nobody could believe it
Rimando’s teammates and his coach, Jeffrey Cassar, were all incensed.
Why had Stott overruled his assistant when the offside was so blatantly obvious?
Replays showed Stott got it spot on
It was undoubtedly a brave call from Stott, who could have taken the easy option and blown for offside.
But he knew that the touch hadn’t come from Michael de Leeuw. He knew the touch had actually been made by Real Salt Lake midfielder Stephen Sunday. And he knew his fellow match official had made an incorrect decision.
Video: Stott's brilliant call
Watch the video in full here...
Stott praised on social media
Replays showed that Stott had actually made a terrific call - and he was deservedly praised on Twitter as a result.
Kevin Stott, we salute you!
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE:
Article CommentsHoggy 2 problems
Hey, just hoping to get some advice. Over the past couple of months my version of Hoggy 2 has become really unstable. It freezes and crashes often. I usually have to start it 3-4 times before I can actually play it. A little frustrating, but since yesterday I can't actually make a level anymore. It will crash during level construction and revert to a blank level when I find it again (not saving any progress) I don't think it's possible for me to make even a simple level now.
I am kind of wondering if it could have anything to do with having a ton of levels that I've made on the device, I dunno, using up too much memory or something?
I'm running it on a Nexus 6 with Android N 7.0
I have tried the "fix hoggy" in the Haxxor section (not sure exactly what that fixes, but hasn't done anything about this issue)
Anyway, any help would be greatly appreciated.
Hoggy can't send sandboxes yet, too... it will be capable after the next update.Marey tambour
The "Marey tambour" is located inside the building of the faculty of medicine in the Charité campus, in Berlin. It was developed by the physiologist Etienne-Jules Marey (1830-1904) for cardiographic, sphygmographic and manometric measurements as well as for recording of pule phenomena in peripheral vessels. The clockwork kymograph served for displaying the physical phenomena on soot-blackened paper. The object shows the peripheral pulse of an artery.1
- Photos and main text by Mannella Viviana ti.liamtoh|koolyviv#| and Minelli Raffaella moc.liamg|79illenim.alleaffar#|
- Locate the item on this [ Google Map]Superbowl Saturday????!!! Super Sunday at the highest stage is eighty days absent, but a select few regional youth soccer players experienced their glory working day previous Saturday. Let's connect with it Super Saturday, Lets? The Junior and Senior divisions performed very last weekend and battled it out for that prized tr...
While you happen to be presently pre-authorised, You may have the opportunity for a far better home finance loan fee If the credit rating has altered.
Listings displayed on this Web site might be issue to prior sale or removing from sale; availability of any listing should always be independently confirmed. Listing facts is furnished for buyers private, non-industrial use, exclusively to detect opportunity Qualities for likely obtain; all other use is strictly prohibited and will violate appropriate federal and point out regulation.
Gorgeous Ocala, Fl is found in Marion County which is the most important county in Florida. Ocala is known as 'horse nation' all around the globe because of the numerous horses and horse farms there.
Listings displayed on this Web-site might be topic to prior sale or removing from sale; availability of any listing must generally be independently confirmed. Listing information is supplied for people private, non-business use, solely to recognize probable properties for opportunity purchase; all other use is strictly prohibited and will violate pertinent federal and condition legislation.
Guess what didn't come about in Florida this year.... The Atlantic hurricane year finishes these days. With the third yr in the row, a around report-breaking variety of hurricanes and tropical storms fashioned in the 6-thirty day period extend. And for an unprecedented seventh straight yr, n...
Basically grab your suitcase & shift ideal into this absolutely turn-critical residence! Entirely furnished from dishes & knick-knacks to appliances & home furniture, you won't need a issue! This Wonderful 3/2/one residence functions excellent suppress appeal & has several new updates such as: newer windows, kitchen, electrical; plus much more! The spacious floor prepare capabilities: family room; eating space; newly updated try to eat-in kitchen area w/breakfast bar, granite counters, pantry, and all appliances; lovely spouse and children place; learn; 2 visitor bedrooms; visitor bathtub; & an exquisite screen enclosed porch overlooking the yard w/lg open follow us up patio, shed, + hooked up protected patio w/out of doors kitchen area w/sink!
The information staying supplied is for people particular, non-business use and might not be used for any reason in addition to to detect possible Qualities individuals may well have an interest in buying.
Discover rentals with revenue constraints and belonging to Group Pillar landlords and property administrators.
Display enclosed pool compliments this roomy house situated in the heart of Ocala. Updated kitchen area and baths. Tile and Wooden flooring. Kitchen features tile backsplash and an island.
You can Unquestionably love this gorgeous 3 Bed room two tub home with an additional-massive learn suite and a further bonus home ideal for an office, media home, or doable 4th bedroom. The property also includes a 5 car garage with a completely equipped electric powered workshop that can be effortlessly transformed into an adorable guest dwelling. Appear see all this quaint farm has to offer!! Exterior Options
Be sure to Get in touch with the listing Agent today For more info.This foreclosure dwelling is just one loved ones house situated in Ocala. It offers 23522 in dimension, three beds and 2 baths. Review its in-depth details and ascertain if this Ocala foreclosure has the qualities you are seeking.
This really is an REO, this means this residence has been foreclosed on because the owner could not satisfy their payments. The lender now owns this residence. Most banking institutions are certainly not put in place to own properties, and tend to be inspired to provide you the home at a discounted price tag.
Bosshardt Realty Products and services, LLC has designed this website articles being as exact and true as is possible, but can settle for no responsibility and disclaims any and all legal responsibility for just about any problems, misstatements, or inaccuracies. If you are traveling to the website, then you must make your own private inquiries and validate any data contained within just the web site. If you use this Web-site, you settle for obligation for verifying all information and have an understanding of and agree that the operator of This page is just not accountable or accountable for any declare, loss or problems arising from the use of any information contained in this site.
Local Realty Service: Ocala Real Estate Agents
1910 SW 18th Ct,
Ocala, FL 34471
(352) 591-3350
Links
Visitors
- 4 VisitorsThe Greatest Guide To Church of Scientology
“I’m incredibly happy with Alissa for not speaking with me,” Haggis informed me, his eyes welling with tears. “Imagine what that takes
Haggis didn’t have a strong reaction to the fabric, but then he wasn’t expecting anything at all as well profound. Everybody realized which the massive revelations resided in amount O.T. III.
Soon following this dialogue, Haggis and Diane Gettas bought married. Two months afterwards, they loaded up his brown Camaro and drove to Los Angeles, in which he bought a position transferring household furniture. He and Diane lived in an apartment along with her brother, Gregg, and a few other people. In 1978, Diane gave delivery to their first boy or girl, Alissa. Haggis was shelling out Considerably of his time and money taking Innovative programs and currently being audited, which concerned the use of an electropsychometer, or E-Meter. The device, frequently in comparison from the press to your polygraph, actions the bodily alterations in electrical resistance that arise when somebody responses inquiries posed by an auditor.
At his dwelling, Haggis completed telling his mates what he experienced acquired. He prompt that they should no less than analyze the proof. “I directed them to selected Web pages,” he reported, mentioning Exscientologykids.com, which was produced by 3 young women who grew up in Scientology and subsequently remaining.
Some facets of Scientology baffled him. He hadn’t been able to get as a result of “Dianetics”: “I read about thirty internet pages. I thought it had been impenetrable.” But Substantially from the coursework gave him a sense of accomplishment. He was soon commuting from London, Ontario, to Toronto to consider a lot more State-of-the-art courses, and, in 1976, he travelled to Los Angeles for The very first time. He checked in at the previous Chateau Élysée, on Franklin Avenue.
We mentioned the church’s target superstars. “Hubbard acknowledged that if you really want to encourage a lifestyle to possess peace and greatness and harmony between Guys, you have to regard and assistance the artist to prosper and prosper,” Archer stated.
finest-seller list. Written in the bluff, quirky fashion and overrun with footnotes that do minor to substantiate its results, see this “Dianetics” purports to establish the source of self-destructive actions—the “reactive thoughts,” A form of knowledge lender that's filled with traumatic memories called pop over to this site “engrams,” and that's the supply of nightmares, insecurities, irrational fears, and psychosomatic health problems.
“I listened to their standpoint, but I didn’t change my head,” Haggis suggests, noting that the Scientology officers “grew to become additional livid and irrational.” He extra, “I utilized much more Scientology in These conferences than they did.”
“This isn’t a creed,” Archer explained. “These are definitely essential normal guidelines of existence.” She explained Hubbard as “an engineer” who experienced codified human psychological states, as a way to guide people today to “truly feel a zest and also a enjoy for all times.”
All around that time, Paul Haggis acquired a concept through the church a few film undertaking. Hubbard experienced created a treatment for your script titled “Influencing the World” and, apparently, meant to immediate it.
Miscavige was a Scientology prodigy in the Philadelphia region. He claimed that, escalating up, he were sickly, and struggled with lousy bronchial asthma; Dianetics counselling had considerably alleviated the indications. As he places it, he “expert a wonder.” He chose to devote his life to the faith. He experienced long gone Clear by the age of fifteen, and the subsequent 12 months he dropped away from high school to affix the Sea Org.
We talked about the allegations of abuse lodged against Miscavige. “The one those who will corroborate are their fellow-apostates,” Davis explained. He created affidavits from other Scientologists refuting the accusations, and pointed out the tales about Miscavige often Discover More hinged on “inexplicable violent outbursts.
dude who someway bought it in his head It will be a neat strategy and put Church of Scientology San Diego within the checklist,” Davis informed me. “When I learned, I had it removed from the listing.
Though observing the edits, Haggis fielded phone calls from the plastic surgeon who was intending to go within the trip, and from a priest in Haiti, Father Rick Frechette, whose Group is the main beneficiary of Haggis’s charity."
3 comments:
Good one! Thanks for sharing. Love you and your little illiterate boy.
I laughed out loud at this post. I must have laughed a bit too hard, because both dogs ran in and tried to jump on my lap, then Jamie came to the door to ask what in the "sam hill was so dang funny". It appears I woke him from a sound sleep. Oooopsie!
Awesome!!!! Yes, that is your child.So, I told you guys a while back that Sherman loves to pick up random items on our walks. Every single walk. It never fails. Well, I honestly didn't know how many of these items I had captured until I looked through my phone the other day. And I honestly didn't think anyone gave a crap about my dog's strange ways. But, I've actually had a couple of recent requests for Sherman the Scavenger updates. ...
- bottle of whiskey
- water bottle + old ratty glove
- half gallon orange juice container
- a shoe
- either a shotgun shell or some orange PVC pipe ... your guess is as good as mine
- chocolate milk
- a tree branch the size of Texas (he went about a block with this thing; it was truly embarrassing)
- Gatorade bottle
- Easter egg (in July?)
Tah-Dah!
And most of this crap still resides in our backyard.
And most of this crap still resides in our backyard.
Until next month ... keep recycling.
Or better yet, drop your trash in the street and Sherm will come pick it up.
haha your dog is so cute! I can only imagine watching him walk through the street with a tree coming out of his mouth. I had a dog do that once. Luckily no one was really around, so he didn't swat anyone or any cars with it. haha
Oh, Sherm, you are the best! Just saving the world one discarded whiskey bottle at a time...
New pics of Siri and Cakes are up :)
Happy day!
Kara
ShawnKaraAndHeidi.blogspot.com
oh my goodness. this is so funny. so, does he bring them to you?! i know you don't touch that stuff (which probably makes him sad haha). we're teaching my new puppy to fetch, but so far we've only seen tennis balls and sticks. he could learn a thing or two from sherman!!
Is he secretly doing Community Service?
Hahah oh my gosh, that's so funny :)
He's like the coolest dog ever!
I love the tree......as I think I have shared with you before Charis brings in a whole tree truck and then keeps it in her bed!!!
She has recently however, discovered that she can uproot plants and they are so much easier to carry around!! I think I ote! tlk{post about everything I find in her bed on laundry day!!
But Sherm sure loves his treasures.....and he is priceless!!
Ha! Sounds like my little Rylie! She is ALWAYS trying to pick up random crap on the ground. The other day she found a dead bird but I wouldn't let her pick that one up.
I love that Sherman is an EcoDog...kind of like K-State's EcoCat ... only without the big hair and costume,, (scroll down a bit).
Come on over to our backyard anytime Sherman to pick up some random stuff! Or our driveway... or inside the garage... or inside the house for that matter.
Awwwwwwwww... He cares about the future generation! xoxo
Sherm is just looking out is all :) Gahhh he's adorable.
Thank god he's not human. We wouldn't want Sherm to pick up white trash.
So sweet.
This is so freakin funny! I love all the pictures. You've got me "LOLing" at work in my super quiet office...!!!
That tree branch is HYSTERICAL, love this post!
lol - awesome! What a great contribution to society he is :)
I actually just sent this blog post to my future hubby. He's going to get a kick out of it! Gosh dogs are silly!
Ha this is too funny!! Your dog is adorable :)
one day he is going to find something really, really good. the bottle of whisky was good if only it wasn't empty.
Ha! I love Sherm!
Sherms is just trying to do a little clean up!
haha! that's too funny!
haaaaaaaahahaha! I seriously love Sherm. I want him! I got a ton of toys he could pick up! LOL
Thank goodness no one is in my office right because I am laughing hysterically. How in the world does he find so much stuff??
hehe! I love it! My dog will find every pen/pencil in the house and chew on it! That girl loves her plastic!
Haha, the giant tree branch is my favorite! One man's trash is another dog's treasure I suppose :)
I love you and your dog. This is just too funny! It's sweet that he cares for the environment...or at least the area that y'all walk :)
Harlow's a total trash advocate, as well. Yesterday at the beach he picked up a soggy cardboard beer carton, a Doritos bag, and a cigg butt! Aren't dogs the cutest?!
Haha what a good little helper he is! Keeping the streets clean for his neighbors!
What a good little environmental dog! If only humans would pick up their own damn trash!!!
And I just got a little too excited when I saw my ad was two below Erin's. :) I'm a nerd.
Our dog does that too!!!! She will literally take your trash out of your hand - like if you are holding your napkin or something, she will gently try taking it out of your hand to take to the trash!! Hilarious!
Haha, this cracks me up! My Oliver does that too...I call him my little vacuum cleaner. He loves stealing tennis balls! I have to be careful though for chicken bones and I always wind up sticking my hand down his throat, gross.
-Sharon
The Tiny Heart
Enter to win a statement necklace!
Hahaha oh my goodness, as if he carried that huge tree branch! I thought he was just gnawing on a tree looking at the picture, then I read the caption ha!
You have a very bonkers but extremely cute dog.
Your dog is such a cutie! We love him!
That is too cute that he actually carries this stuff around!! The one with the tree branch actually made me laugh out loud!
#7 just kills me.
its my favorite one.
but why only a block?
he should walk with that tree branch everyday.
Haha, love Sherm! Sloan's got a history of picking up branches twice as long as her, and as thick as her head. Why on earth do they do that?!?
Haha! This is awesome! Too bad that whiskey bottle wasn't full, that would be a double score!
HAHHAHA OH Sherman. Can he come pick up the dog poop in our backyard? And does he like pulling weeds??
I think you should definitely sell it and market it as amazing rare finds from long ago.
Your dog cleans up better than my daughter! Can we trade? Seriously.
xx
justyn
Haha this is great. He's just doing his part to help the environment right? :)
That is SO cute! Sherman goes green, who would've known?
ahahahahaha that's awesome
You and Sherm made my DAY! It is hilarious how he always does this!
He is serious about this!
How funny!! Sherman is quite the dog!! Too cute! xo Heather
hahaha an environmentally conscious dog. GO SHERMAN!
this is absolutely hilarious. seriously, made my day
I think you got the best and the cutest lab EVER girl!!!!!!!!
Your dog is like a dalmatian that rides on a firetruck... except he would be the chocolate lab tat rides on a garbage truck... and makes sure that anything that isn't bagged properly is picked up. You could put Sherman to work so that he can pay for a new sofa!
Oh my gosh. He is adorable!
Hey at least he is doing his part, one piece of trash at a time. :)
Better the trash than your couch....too soon? Is that still a sore subject?
Glad to see you and Sherm are still just as adorable. Slowly making my way back into blogland!
Your dog is so freaking cool! Seriously! Love him!
oliviamoone.blogspot.com
Haha, I love that he does that. My dog doesn't even like to leave the drive way let alone go on walks.
That is awesome! He is awesome! Does he do dishes? I would like to hire him over here.
Sherm is the greatest. Cleaning up the neighborhood one whiskey bottle at a time! ;)
Hahah I think my favourite has to be the huge branch! That is too funny!
omg, I am cracking up at this. Please do this monthly! weekly!
So funny how animals all have such unique personalities! I am thinking of him kinda like a little kid who's found some awesome treasure...and how excited they get about them!Latest
0
Clear Waterproofing Membrane for Leaky Balcony, Shower Repair
submitted 6 months ago, Wednesday, July 19, 2017, 22:02:08 by remedialmembranesau in Business
We provide a water based clear waterproofing membrane for shower repair, balcony repair, leaky skylight repairs and to protect all other wet areas.
rated 0 times 0 0 - comments: 0 - hits: 132 -Hire Compressors – Save Money!
Hire Air short term, medium or long term and save money and have peace of mind
Short Term / Ad Hoc
Daily Rate Covers:
16h30 to 09h00 next day
Week-End Rate:
16h30 Friday to 09h00 Monday
Full day rate charged for late delivery
Monthly Rate:
16h30 then 30 consecutive days to 09h00 the following day, daily rate charged for late delivery
Terms:
Deposit immediate plus:-
1. Estimated no. of days at daily rate plus VAT, payable in advance
2. Deposit plus week-end charge plus VAT, all payable in advance
3. Monthly deposit plus monthly rate plus VAT, all payable in advance
Medium Term
Time range from 3 to 12 months
Long Term
Period ranges from 13 to 60 monthsBulletin's publisher retires; ad director earns promotion
The bitter cold of South Dakota prompted Steve Messick to seek shelter. All he wanted, he said, was something indoors and something warm.
Messick ended up finding a job in advertising sales at a newspaper and never really left the industry.
Now, after 38 years with the same group of newspapers, the Hastings resident is retiring. His current position has him in charge of nine newspapers, 10 websites, 140 employees and a commercial printing operation in Red Wing, Minn.It’s easy to say his desire to seek warmth worked out pretty well for Messick, who is 64.While living in Brookings, S.D., Messick was tending bar part-time and working in construction full-time.“It was freezing cold,” he said. “I was freezing and I wanted to find something warm. “I picked up the newspaper, and saw an ad looking for an advertising salesperson. It sounded warm to me.”He applied and came to find out that one of his supervisors was a regular from the bar. That gave him a leg up. So did the fact that he was the only applicant, he said.“They asked me if I had any newspaper experience,” he said. “I told them I was a substitute paper carrier for the (Sioux Falls) Argus Leader when I was 12. They said, ‘Do you think you can sell?’ I said ‘Yeah, I think I could.’“Obviously there weren’t any other applicants. They put a mirror in front of my nose. I created a fog and that’s how I got started.”Not long after, though, his girlfriend at the time, Jane, earned a teaching position in River Falls that was closer to her home.Messick explained the decision to move that way:“She said, ‘I’m going. I want to get back to where there are trees. If you want to come, fine. If not, that’s OK, too.’ Given my experience with women, I decided to go. It was the best decision I ever made.”Messick picked up a few odd jobs, working at a clothing store part-time and cutting trees away from power lines for Northern States Power. He even sold memberships for a European health spa in Maplewood for a time.Eventually, in 1977, he came to Hastings to visit the job service office there. The person operating the service chatted him up and found out he had newspaper sales experience.“They’re looking for an advertising manager at the Hastings Gazette,” the man told Messick. “You wanna talk to them?”Within minutes, Messick was on his way to the Gazette. They interviewed him and offered him the job on the spot.“There again, they must not have had anybody else,” he joked.Messick remembers asking the supervisors at the time about competition for the Gazette, and they said they were the main paper in town. On his way into the office at the Gazette for his first day, though, he said he tripped over the Trade Winds in front of the building. It was 24 pages thick, full of advertising and inserts.That same week, Messick saw the Mississippi Valley Star on newsstands, too. They were in direct competition with the Gazette.Within fewer than six months, the Star and the Trade Winds urged Messick to come over to their side of the fence and he did. Keith Horsch and Mike O’Connor succeeded in convincing Messick that they were going to be the one paper between the two to make it, and they were right. Within just a few years, the Star bought the Gazette.One of the part-owners in the Star Gazette at the time was a publisher named Arlin Albrecht. He later bought a share of the River Falls Journal and, in 1985, Messick accepted a position there as advertising director. In 1987, he was named the Journal’s general manager.By 1992, though, Hastings had a publisher opening available, as O’Connor was retiring. Messick got the job and came back. He’s lived in Hastings ever since, all the while adding to his responsibilities. He was named publisher of the newspapers in Woodbury and Cottage Grove in 1994 and the papers in Farmington and Rosemount in 1999. Then, in 2001, was named publisher and director of operations for the Rivertown Newspaper Group, which by then was under the ownership of Forum Communications Company, based in Fargo, N.D. The group includes Hastings, Woodbury, Cottage Grove, Farmington/Rosemount, Red Wing and four papers on the Wisconsin side of the river – Hudson, Pierce County, New Richmond and River Falls.The big challenge was getting a group of individual papers from across that wide region to all work together.“To get them all headed in one direction, as a team, that’s always been challenging,” he said. “My biggest responsibility was putting the right people in the right seat on the bus.”His departure left a big hole for the group to fill.“Steve is a manager who allows his people to grow,” said Matt McMillan, the vice president of newspapers for Forum Communications. “He sees potential, promotes people into higher positions and gives his staff a chance to move up. Steve is a good boss, focused on serving his customers and communities.”McMillan recently announced that Messick’s position will be taken by Steve Gall, the group’s current advertising director.The old daysLike any industry, the newspaper business has changed dramatically over the past 38 years. When Messick started, the Hastings Gazette was still printing with a big lead press in the back of the building.He designed his own ads and when artwork was needed for them, he’d flip through a big book and cut out the images he needed.All of his customers at the time were the bread and butter of community newspapers – locally owned and operated one-of-a-kind “mom and pop” businesses. The arrival of big box stores has taken a toll on those businesses and, in turn, newspapers.“We are still the source for mom and pops,” he said. “They’ve been cut by two-thirds, almost. We don’t have the retailers here that we used to have. At one time, we had four or five hardware stores, plus a Sears. Look at the clothing stores. We used to have three or four.”While the makeup of the local economy looks different, Messick still believes in newspapers.“The business has changed tremendously, but I still maintain our audience has tripled because of the Internet,” he said. “The Internet has enabled us to offer three times the number of advertising products – products that are very effective for all kinds and sizes of businesses. Our reach is no longer defined by our ZIP code. The world is now our marketplace.“The business is still a great business. Community newspapers are still vital to any community. If you don’t believe that, go talk to a community that doesn’t have a newspaper. We still have a big role, and we take it seriously.”Retirement plansMessick and that teacher named Jane had met while both were studying at South Dakota State University in Brookings. They ended up getting married and having two children – Steven and Brie.Steven is married with two children and Brie is getting married in February.As if that’s not enough to keep him busy, the Messicks recently bought a cabin near Brainerd, Minn., and have found that suits them well, to say the least. His woodshop is now a busy place as he’s making furniture to fit the new cabin.“I’ve got orders to fill,” he joked.The peopleSome of Messick’s co-workers from when he started as an advertising salesperson are still at the paper, including Sandy Burdine and Jane Lightbourn.When asked about her memories of Messick from the 1970s, Burdine had a hearty laugh.“Oh, I don’t know if I can sum it up in a sentence,” she joked.Messick said the relationships with his coworkers and businesses he worked with over the years will be hard to replace.“We had a lot of fun, and we helped a lot of businesses, but it’s always been about the people,” he said. “I understand completely now what my dad, who was in the grocery business, said: ‘I’m not going to miss the work, but I’m certainly going to miss the people.’ That’s true.”The.
Dr. Laurie BaumanDirector, ERC-CFAR Behavioral Science Core
Professor, Pediatrics, Einstein
Director, Preventive Intervention Research Center
Dr. Bruce RapkinAssociate Director, ERC-CFAR Behavioral Sciences Core
Professor, Epidemiology & Population Health / Family and Social Medicine, Einstein
Dr. Sarit GolubAssociate Director, ERC-CFAR Behavioral Sciences Core
Professor, Psychology, Hunter
Chair/Area Head, Basic and Applied Social Psychology Doctoral Program, CUNY Graduate Center - 8368 E Jamison Circle, Centennial
- 5
- Bedrooms
- 4
- Baths
- 3,470
- SQ. Feet
- 0.23
- Acres
Superior location on an expansive 13-acre stretch of greenbelt. The large backyard is nestled within an interior quiet street with views of professionally landscaped green space featuring mature trees & walking paths. You'll enjoy this impeccably maintained home for years to come while entertaining family & friends from the covered patio, and from the remodeled kitchen, complete w/ brand new refrigerator & new dishwasher. Brand new carpet & gleaming hardwood compliment main floor. Loft area & hardwoods on upper level. Fin bsmt with non-conforming 5th bdrm plus bath & shower. Custom cabinetry & gas fireplace with blower is the focal point in the family room. Brand new radon mitigation system. Award-winning Cherry Creek schools within ever-popular Willow Creek.Close proximity to Light Rail, Park Meadows, I-25 and IKEA. Quick possession possible. Move in soon! Please submit offers by Monday 3/21 at 12noon, with an Acceptance Deadline of no earlier than 6:00pm on 3/21/16.
Essential Information
- MLS® #:
- 5678700
- Price:
- $615,000
- Bedrooms:
- 5
- Bathrooms:
- 4.00
- Full Baths:
- 1
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 3,470
- Acres:
- 0.23
- Year Built:
- 1975
- Type:
- Residential
- Sub-Type:
- Detached Single Family
- Style:
- 2 Story
- Status:
- Sold
Community Information
- Address:
- 8368 E Jamison Circle
- Subdivision:
- Willow Creek
- City:
- Centennial
- County:
- Arapahoe
- State:
- CO
- Zip Code:
- 80112
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Clubhouse, Community Pool, Grounds Maintenance, Tennis Courts, Trash Removal
- Features:
- Adjacent to Greenbelt
- Parking Spaces:
- 2
Interior
- Interior Features:
- Cable Available, Double Pane Windows, Master Bath, Smoke Free, Updated, Vaulted, Walk-in Closets, Window Coverings
- Appliances:
- Convection Oven, Dishwasher, Disposal, Dryer, Refrigerator (Kitchen), Self-Cleaning Oven, Smoke Alarm, Stove/Range/Oven, Washer, Water Softener
- Heating:
- Forced Air
- Cooling:
- Air Conditioning-Central, Attic Fan, Ceiling Fan
- Fireplace:
- Yes
- # of Fireplaces:
- 2
- Fireplaces:
- Bedroom, Family Room, Living Room
Exterior
- Exterior Features:
- Covered Patio, Fence, Patio, Sprinkler System, Yard
- Lot Description:
- 10324.00
- Windows:
- Double Pane Windows, Window Coverings
- Roof:
- Composition Shingles
- Construction:
- Brick
School Information
- District:
- Cherry Creek 5
- Elementary:
- Willow Creek
- Middle:
- Campus
- High:
- Cherry Creek
Additional Information
- Zoning:
- RES
Listing information last updated on January 16th, 2018 at 9:49am MST.By Camila Domonoske. Source: NPR, opb.org
Starting this week, companies in Iceland are required to demonstrate that they pay male and female employees fairly — without gender discrimination — or face’s a valid reason.)
As the Icelandic Women’s Rights Association notes, equal pay for equal work has been mandated by Icelandic laws since 1963.
What.
Out of all the countries on earth, Iceland has the best track record on gender equality, according to the World Economic Forum. But the country still had a persistent pay gap just over 16 percent as of last year. The gap is present:
“The employer must determine which work tasks each position entails and then assign a value. The salary must be decided based on the position and not the person carrying out the work. The idea is that this will eliminate salary discrimination.
” ‘The:
.”
Search results for 'body wave'
100% Indian Virgin Human Hair Wig Malaysian Curly Lace Front Wigs
Regular Price: $129.99
Special Price $119
Body Wave Full Lace Wig 100% Unprocessed Brazilian Virgin Human Hair
Regular Price: $269.99
Special Price $199
6A Grade #1B/#33 Two-Toned Loose Wave Glueless Human Hair Lace Front Wig
Regular Price: $269.99
Special Price $199.99
7A Brazilian Human Hair Loose Body Wave Glueless Lace Front Wig with Baby Hair
Regular Price: $129.99
Special Price $99.99
Silk Base Top Closure Body Wave Brazilian Virgin Human Hair Accessions Free Part 4"x4"
Regular Price: $69.99
Special Price $49.99General News of Saturday, 23 December 2017
Source: Dailyguideafrica.com
2017-12-23
Former Consul to Dubai, Daniel Osei
The former Consul to Dubai, Daniel Osei has said the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) can only regain power by checking the ‘corrupt’ party executives.
“Our biggest hurdle to victory 2020 is our corrupt and fraudulent executives who privately acknowledge one thing and publicly do the opposite,” he said in what looks like his Christmas Message to the party’s rank and file.
Mr. Osei said he is incensed by the actions of the national executives in particular for trying to lead the party astray, saying “the scamming of the process simply to ‘eat’ by these executives must be stopped and you have the power to stop them.
“Every day, the NPP gives Ghanaians good reason to reject them in 2020. From blatant corrupt practices to the gross disregard for the rule of law and vigilantism, there are plenty of reasons to convince the electorate to change the government in 2020.
“I believe we can return to power in 2020 if we organize well and position our party to win. Our executives promised we will commence branch elections around mid-year, and we should wait for the KB Committee report. We waited patiently.”
He said “after the committee released the report, the same executives said we should wait for the report, we can’t use the report because it’s a secret and gave us a new date of November and December to commence branch work,” adding “we obeyed and waited patiently. November came and nothing happened.”
“December is almost over, and just yesterday we were given a new date of January and February to start branch work. We must note the early bird catches the worm and we are behind in the race for victory 2020.”
He charged the party’s rank and file not to “relent in your quest for victory 2020, discuss issues dispassionately and organize in your communities effectively.”
“We can’t return these same crooks who gave us our worst defeat in the party’s history and expect different results. Look at their conduct in and out of office, and it’s clear nothing has changed. We must change our ways for different results. We can do it. We can win 2020 and it starts with a complete overhaul of our approach, and an honest conversation with the Ghanaian electorate on those issues that matter most to them.
“We cannot present the same group of failed leaders to the Ghanaian electorate and sell it as change. They won’t buy it.”
Mr Osei said that “change starts from within and we must change the corrupt and fraudulent leadership of our party. Our defeat is not as simple as a margin of a million votes or simply because our members stayed home. It’s much deeper than that and urgently begs for action.”The Cavin is a video editing suite. It connects to the Amiga's parallel and serial ports and contains a built-in digitizer. The Cavin is capable of controlling video recorders and other equipment using RS-422, Control-L, PanasonicEdit and infra-red. The Cavin was supplied with an extensive range of software for video cutting.Your shopping cart is empty!
Collectors and hunters….yes collectors, Browning is no longer making the A-bolt II and this is one of the last factory new ones in 30-06 with 26! Shipping and insurance is $30. Please email me with any questions or larger pictures. (I now consign quality firearms only 10%! Let me know if you have any you would like to sell!) [15-0472]My answer to What are the essentials of due diligence when investing?
Answer by Raad Ahmed:
There are virtually countless things that will equate to due diligence when you consider any type of investment. As other answers have indicated, everybody has their focus areas that will vary based not only the type of business, but also the personality and preferences of the investor.
With that said, here are a few areas of importance:
- Pay attention to what isn’t being said. When a startup pitches their idea, you should be weary of any founder that doesn’t mention potential risks, discuss their background, or explain the advantages of their team members. Be weary anybody that offers unrealistic projections or only focuses on the positives of the business We all know that the earliest days of development are full of learning curves and trial and error. You want to work with people who are real about that.
- Consider personalities. This seems to be an overlooked concept because so many people assume that business is only numbers. It isn’t. You should have a basic idea of the type of person that you are working with. Is the founder a reckless risk taker? Too conservative? These are things that will impact the future of the business overall and should not be ignored. Take the time to have a real conversation with the founder and other member to make sure that there is potential for a cohesive working relationship.Basically, make sure you “click”.
- Does the concept work in the marketplace? It’s easier than you may think to get locked in on the charisma of a founder and excited about their idea simply because they do an incredible job of selling it to you (which is important, by the way). However, don’t forget the reality of business. Consider if their overall concept works well in the marketplace. Is there product/service solving a problem? Is their idea unique enough to gain traction? Don’t forget the realistic side of things even if the person in front of you is likable, excited, and experienced.
Of course, there are many, many more things that you should consider. A business attorney can definitely help you navigate the waters if you are interested in investing in a startup. Plus, it’s always a good idea to have a professional read over any documents or contracts before you sign on the dotted line.
LawTrades is happy to connect you with a seasoned business attorney. Our lawyers are among the elite in the legal field. We offer affordable services and flexible scheduling to better suit your needs. Check out our website and get in touch if we can help!
What are the essentials of due diligence when investing? mobility problems or the elderly, a lot of people have issues climbing in the bath. However, bathroom grab rails can allow you to easily step in and out the bath or shower. You can hold onto the railing as you step inside the bath and again once you are ready to get out. These can be fantastic and can give you back some much needed privacy when showering. The grab rails can be attached to the wall or wherever you find them most useful.
A Chair Lift for the Bath
If you are someone who cannot freely climb into the bath even with support rails then you may want to consider a lift a chair or ‘bath lift’ has become very popular amongst many. These lifts allow you to sit onto the seat and be lowered or raised into the bath. You are able to have a bath in privacy and don’t need to worry about having a helper to assist you also. The bath lifts are fully electric which can be useful and don’t worry because the chair will not lift you into the bath without there being enough power to get you back out. This can be a major concern for most but you don’t have to worry about that. The chair lifts can be one of the very best bathroom aids available today.
More Help for You to Consider
There are a host of simple but very effective mobility aids to choose from including toilet rails and raised toilet seats; the portable bidet can also be a very good tool to consider also. If you have trouble sitting down to relieve yourself then you may want to consider a raised toilet seat or the grab rails. The railings can give you some support when standing. More explained in our post here:
Get the Help You Need
There is no shame in asking for a little help but sometimes you don’t want a home-care worker to have to come into the bathroom with you. However if you can find the right mobility aids you hopefully will be able to get back some independence and freedom. Bathroom aids are great for anyone who requires some additional help.The Journal of Clinical and Preventive Cardiology has moved to a new website. You are currently visiting the old website of the journal. To access the latest content, please visit.
Review Article
Hypertension in Pregnancy: Current Perspective
Volume 2, Apr 2013
Rahul Mehrotra MD, DNB, Ravi R Kasliwal MD, DM, Gurgaon, IndiaHypertension is the most common medical problem encountered during pregnancy worldwide. It is believed that hypertensive disorders complicate 5-10% pregnancies, depending upon the population studied and about 25% of all antenatal admissions are due to hypertension related complications (1). It is also considered to be the second most frequent cause of direct maternal death in the developed world (2). It is more common in the blacks, women more than 45 years of age and with diabetes. With the increasing trend of delaying pregnancy, increasing prevalence of baseline hypertension, diabetes and obesity, it is believed that these rates may actually be an underestimation of the true disease burden in the current era.
Volume 2, Number 2, Pages: 84-90God With a Washcloth
Joni shares that being cleansed is humbling, but it allows us to grow.
Joy on God's Terms
Joni shares that we are offered God's joy as long as we are willing to share in His suffering.
Be Still My Soul
Joni sings "Be Still My Soul" and shares the loneliness she experienced after both of her parents had passed away.
Think About Heaven
Joni shares that suffering moves our eyes from this world and sets them on Heaven.
Pride
Joni shares the dangers of pride and the reasons we should accept our limitations.
Winning Rewards
Joni shares that enduring trials on earth will bring great reward in heaven.
Therefore
Joni shares that in scripture, "therefore" is often there for encouragment through our hardships.
Show and Tell
Joni shares that as Christians we are to show and tell to the world about Christ.
Broken Strings
Joni shares a story about Yitzhak Perlman to illustrate that when strings are broken in our lives, we can still play beautiful music with what we have left.
Lessons From the Red Sea
Joni shares the encouragement her friend Dan drew from the Red Sea in his battle against cancer.
A Lesson from Job
Joni shares what she's learned about trust and wisdom from Job in the Bible.
The Limp
Joni shares that we often continue in our same habits even after we are changed, just like a patient who continues to limp after surgery.
Joan Porter Interview
Joni interviews Joan about how she uses her career as a nurse to encourage others.
A Habit of Sin
Joni reminds us that choosing a path of sin can lead to a hardened heart.
Submission
Joni sings Be Still My Soul and shares a poem about submitting to God in times of trouble.
The Renter
Joni shares a story of how her friend was blessed by her renter.
Exchange the Meaning
Joni shares how when God uses for His glory the most ordinary things, He gives each one special meaning.Differentiate between forecasting and budgeting
You are a participant in the biweekly meeting with the finance department. You have been asked to lead the discussion on the role that forecasting should play at Strident Marks. Discuss the financial statement forecasting process and compare it to, and differentiate it from, the budgeting process. Why is forecasting important to an organization?
Solution Preview
Forecasting is a process of analyzing historical data and relating it to current data in an effort to predict future trends. It is a macroeconomic concept as opposed to budgeting which is micro activity.
Regardless of the type of business, there are decisions to be made that involve judging the future course of the business and the economy. They may include whether or whether not to:
1. expand internationally
2. expand regionally or ...
Solution Summary
The solution explains the importance of forecasting and gives examples of the difference between forecasting and budgeting. There are 11 specific situations listed in the solution of types of actions in which forecasting plays a role. Further included is the integration of budgeting with forecasting.Some banking giants emerge from crisis in better position
U.S. regulators pumped money into the financial system and leading financial institutions last year amid concern that some of the banks were "too big to fail," meaning their collapse would severely damage the broader financial system. Thanks to some federally arranged acquisitions, some of those banking giants are even larger, with stronger market positions and greater control over lending. JPMorgan Chase, for example, holds 10% of deposits in the country. The Washington Post (28 Aug.)
Data show U.S. banks have lengthened foreclosure process
Banking industry data and anecdotal evidence suggest that, contrary to public opinion, U.S. banks have been delaying foreclosures to avoid losses and to keep people from losing their homes. Amherst Securities Group said the foreclosure process takes as long as two years, up from 15 months a year ago. Financial Planning/American Banker (26 Aug.)
*everyone thinks these problems are baked in to today's share prices (EXCEPT ME) They are comparing the price to their historic highs in 2007. Not an accurate place to start since is was mainly debt driven.
FDIC says it has 416 banks on "problem list"
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said its list of problem banks has grown from 117 at the end of June 2008 to 305 at the end of March to 416 at the end of June. Those banks have combined assets worth nearly $300 billion. The number of troubled lenders continues to rise despite indications that the U.S. economy is stabilizing. "It's a continuation of the deterioration across the industry," said Gerard Cassidy, a bank analyst at RBC Capital Markets. "We think there are hundreds of failures to come." The Wall Street Journal (28 Aug.)
*how bout US banks? No way. Then they wouldn't be able to use their hoarded cash to trade for profits and bonus'.
Central bankers eye Sweden's negative interest rates
Sweden's Riksbank introduced negative interest rates on bank deposits last month to spur banks to bolster lending. The move is expected to be closely watched by central bankers worldwide as they consider how to exit emergency measures implemented to cope with the financial crisis. Bank of England Governor Mervyn King indicated that he would consider such a policy as the U.K. faces a liquidity trap. CNN/The Financial Times (28 Aug.)
Study: Speculators account for half of traders in oil market
A study from Rice University shows that during the past seven years, speculators have grown from being 20% of all traders in the main U.S. oil market to 50%. The growth coincided with the recent historic rise in the price of crude oil. The study is expected to fuel debate about tightening regulation of the market, a move opposed by the financial industry. "We have just emphasized that those market participants who don't actually receive physical delivery play an important role in the markets, and limiting people's access to those markets just ends up pushing market share into a smaller number of hands," said Andrew DeSouza, spokesman for SIFMA. San Francisco Chronicle (28 Aug.)
*didn't Canada say last month that their recession was over?
Canada's Harper promises balanced budget after recession
When the recession ends, Canada will return to a balanced budget and do so without raising taxes or scaling back government programs, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said. "We had a balanced budget, a budget in surplus, before this recession," he said. "At the end of this recession, we will return to a balanced position." Financial Post (Canada)/Reuters (27 Aug.)Dacia has recently announced its plans to produce the right-hand drive version of the new Sandero generation in Romania.
After some rumors appeared not too long ago which were saying that the new generation of the Dacia Sandero with right-hand drive aimed towards the UK auto market will be produced in Morocco, the Romanian based automaker has announced that the hatchback will be produced at the company’s Mioveni plant in Romania. This is translated into an additional 300 million EUR revenue per year thanks to the 30,000 more cars which will be exported.
The 2013 Dacia Sandero will get the 0.9L petrol engine with 89 BHP on the Ambiance, along with the 1.5 liter dCi with 89 BHP. On the first one, prices will start from 7,595 GBP and the diesel will become available from 8,595 GBP. The top of the line Laureate version will cost 1,100 GBP more than the Ambiance and it will be offered with three engine options, cruise control, air conditioning and front fog lights. The most expensive Sandero Laureate, equipped with the 1.5 dCi engine, will cost 11,630 GBP.Monday, November 22, 2010
PIGGATE! Truth or Myth?
It was widely reported inside and outside the UK (hat tip Louise Riley!), that British childrens toy shop The Early Learning Centre had taken a pig out of one of its farm sets so it did not upset Muslim and Jewish (As in the Torah and Quran it is forbidden to eat Pork!) religious groups! This follows on from the supposed craziness of political correctness that includes Baa Baa Rainbow Sheep from a few years earlier and when I used to help out at a disabled care organisation I had to call blind people 'visually impaired'!
I decided to pay a visit to the Early Learning Centre store at County Mall, Crawley to find out if there was some truth in the news was it something blown out of proportion by The Sun or is it really true? First thing that struck me on arrival at the shop was the massive presence of cute little cuddly toy pigs at one end of the shop. I began my search for the farm set! I managed to find a farm set that included a pig for older kids on my search around the shop! Eventually I came across a farm set for 3-8 years the packaging showed a farmer, a cow a sheep, a chicken but no pig mentioned at all on the packaging! Was this the farm set the world has been banging on about? Eventually I went to the till to ask some kind ladys about this farm set! They claimed they had received no complaints from any religious groups, they said there was a pig that was optional with the farm for free of charge, and that it had been taken out for some bizarre religious reasons!
So there was some truth in the farm set but the pig is still available for those pork lovers!
Note a contact from Scotland has informed me that the Early Learning Centre issued a statement that the pig was being reinstated due to complaints from mothers! Although it was still packaged without a pig when I saw it, I suppose the pig is the option I was told about!
The comments are closed.Grace in LA Women's Dark Blue Simple Embellished Pocket Jeans - Boot Cut
Details/grace-in-la-womens-dark-blue-simple-embellished-pocket-jeans---boot-cut-/2000212760.html
- Grace in LA Women's Dark Blue Simple Embellished Pocket Jeans - Boot Cut
- Item # 2000212760
$72.99 Original Price -$23.02 Sale Savings
$49.97 Online Price
32% Total Savings
Additional Information
Product Features & Description
Fill your closet with Grace in LA jeans that combine hardy material with stylish accents that you will love. These jeans are made with a cotton blend, a dark wash, five pocket styling, faded details, and have simple embellishments on the pockets and back waistband for extra flare. These jeans are flattering and can be worn for years. Enjoy every day like there is no tomorrow in these jeans from Grace in LA.
- Mid-rise
- Boot cut
- Simple embellishments on the pockets and back waistband
- Dark Blue
- Five pocket style
- Distressed detailing on the back pocket
- 98/2 Cotton/Elastane
- Faded coloring
- Nutty Butter Cookies
- Customizable Granola
- Coconut-Lime-Oatmeal Drop Cookies
- Six Mile Granola
- Toasted-Coconut Granola
- Homemade Granola for Yogurt Parfait
- Whole-Grain Breakfast Cookies
- Muesli with Yogurt
- Large-Batch Homemade Granola
- Oatmeal-Date Cookies
- Amaranth Clusters
- Pineapple, Papaya, and Sunflower Seed Granola
- Kale Slaw with Red Cabbage and Carrots
- Emeril's Nutty Granola Bars
- Anytime Oatmeal Cookies
- Jumbo Oatmeal-Raisin Cookies
- White Chocolate-Chunk Cookies
- Lemon-Oatmeal Lacies
- Paul Bunyan Cookies
- Maple-Nut Granola
- Baked Oatmeal
- Easy Homemade Granola
- Hungry Boy Granola Bars
- Quick RyeSearch BizReport
News by Topic
Marketing
- Advertising
- Search Marketing
- Loyalty Marketing
- Mobile Marketing
- Social Marketing
- Viral Marketing
- Trends & Ideas
- Internet Marketing 101
Beyond Marketing:
First, from email service provider GetResponse, the Landing Page Creator 2.0, a tool set up to help email marketers create inexpensive but effective landing pages for their campaigns. Using the tool marketers can build and publish landing pages, without specialized IT training, that will compliment automated campaign messaging.
"Landing Page Creator 2.0 is a very significant new component to our email marketing solutions. Now customers have an all-in-one, affordable and easy-to-manage email marketing and automation solutions with the power to be highly effective and reach their prospects effortlessly," said Simon Grabowski, founder and CEO, GetResponse. "SMBs now have everything they need rolled into one platform for drip marketing campaigns, lead nurturing and marketing automation, and with all-important landing page creation features, blog and social media integration - we provide all the essentials for success."
Meanwhile Marin Software has partnered with Channel Factory to deliver contextually targeted video ads; the new additions will compliment Marin's existing search, display, social and mobile ad options.
."
The partnership doesn't just offer the ability to target video ads, through it Marin's clients will have a clearer view of search-based conversions as well as delivering insights into campaigns across the online spectrum including within social networks and in the mobile space.
Tags: ad targeting, advertising, email marketing, GetResponse, landing page creation, Marin Software,Mmm it's now been over two weeks that I've been doing my darndest to put some English into the heads of these 17 fifteen year olds. I must say, it's not been easy. A good half the class actually does its homework, tries to be present in class and are pleasant. But there's a good handful that make it excessively hard to keep order and have sufficient calm and silence to teach.
Okay, what are the many methods to get their attention available to me? So far, going silent and waiting for them to get themselves together isn't working as those who don't care, clearly care nothing for their 'friends', i.e. fellow students and even less for eventually speaking English. Okay. That works for the math teacher, but not me. So, there is separating the difficult ones, calling them on their pranks, ejecting them from class, and now, threatening detention for those who've not handed in their homework.
Oh this is not how I wanted to teach. I see that I've a job of bringing the class together as a class. For example, in trying to get them to learn and read aloud the poem Twas the Night Before Christmas -- and to work on the irregular verbs in their past tenses -- they don't hear each other, and they don't listen to me, and thus we are never in sync. This is unusual in a Steiner school where kids have music, poetry, rhythms and group activities from the early years. However, in this class there are only 4 kids who've been in the school from 1st grade. Most are recent arrivals over the past two years. And I feel the difference. I get that for the Steiner kids, learning the poem, saying it aloud, memorizing it and getting to the point of being able to recite it is completely doable. But for the new kids it is an insurmountable mountain. And, they just don't care.
It seems most sad that I need to force them to learn. But I suppose this is the state of many a teacher? I should be grateful, and I am, for the kids in the class who are bright and do all their homework in neat and easy to read handwriting, and try, truly try to learn what I'm conveying to them.
So yes, I am not too proud to ask for help. But I am sad that this help is in the form of teachers who have stronger personalities, and yes, who threaten detention after school hours, notes to the parents, etc., But what to do with apathy and serious attitude? What to do with kids who clearly don't want to be there and who don't care that they're destroying the chances of others to learn? The age of fifteen -- nearly adult? an age to be held responsible, and yet also an age where adult authority and anger can at times sway behavior, or simply provoke it further.
Meantime, I've mostly conveyed the various possibilities of the future tenses -- and suggested they listen to the Black Eyed Peas song Showdown which features the classic phrase "when there is' in the present followed by 'there will' in the future." As the equivalent phrase would be future - future in French, it is just another example of something the kids need to integrate. A rule to memorize.
Getting ready to begin the conditional -- now for this there are oodles of songs, both old standards and new ones, including the French singer Soprano's song about Hiro, that can be used to get the lesson across.
However, I opted, nonetheless, to begin O'Henry's The Gift of the Magi yesterday. We shall see how much I can get through with them, how much they understand, and whether they are willing to do the work.
Onward I go. Stretching, pulling, tugging, nudging, optimism and zen my main states of being.
2 comments:
I would use as many modern texts as possible so that they are interested. Comic books, songs and movies. Pop culture.
We like O. Henry but the kids would probably prefer Spiderman.
I tend to agree with Zuleme.
Good luck Madeleine!Address:
5100 N. Illinois,
Fairview Heights, IL 62208
Berean Christian School.
BCS is also accessible via Metrolink/Metrobus. There is a MetroBus stop near the church driveway entrance on Illinois Street, between the Swansea station and the St. Clair Mall Station. Push the Metrolink button below to access the routing for your location.2007
- 14 th December 2007 - Aries Agro Limited IPO Opens
- 12 th to 16 th December 2007 - Aries Agro Limited participates in India's largest Agri-Show - Kisan 2007(Pune)
- 12 th December 2007 - IPO Roadshow – Imperial Palace, Rajkot
- 11 th December 2007 - IPO Roadshow - Le Méridien, Ahmedabad
- 10 th December 2007 - IPO Roadshow, Hilton Towers, Mumbai
- 5 th December 2007 - Tamilnadu Customer Meet at Trichy
- 29 th November to 2 nd December 2007 - Aries participates in Krishi 2007, an Agri-Show, Nashik
- 27 th November 2007 - Aries Agro Celebrates 38th Anniversary!
- 29 th November to 2 nd December 2007 - Aries participates in Krishi 2007, an Agri-Show, Nashik
- 30 th to 31 st October 2007 - Aries Agro Limited partners with CII-Yi for the First Youth Affairs National Summit - "Be the Change"
- 29 th October 2007 - The Aries 3-Wheeler Challenge (Goa) - INDIA 96 HOURS Race across India
- 12 th October 2007 - First Punjab state dealers meet, Radisson Hotel, Jalandhar
- 10 th October 2007 - Meeting with Mr. K.V. Kamath – Chairman, ICICI Bank and Vice President, CII. Announcement of 1000 enrollments into the CII-Yi Aries Agro Ltd. Farmers network within one month of launch.
- 3 rd – 6 th October 2007 - Half Yearly All India review meeting, Vedic Village, Kolkatta
- 31 st August 2007 - Launch of CII-Yi Aries Agro Ltd. Farmers Network.
- 31 st August 2007 - Second Agromax Conference - A CII-Yi- Aries Agro Ltd. knowledge dissemination National Conference at the CII Green Business Center, Hyderabad
- 21 st and 22 nd July 2007 - Roadshow and Rural Immersion programme along with CII-Yi, NMIMS University, IIM - Ahmedabad and IIT Mumbai.
- 30 th April 2007 - ISO Audit and renewal of Quality Management System Certificate for the period 2007 - to 2010
- 20 th April 2007 - Inaugural meet of the Platinum and Millionaire Club - Hyderabad International Convention Center, Hyderabad
- 18 th to 20 th April 2007 - A Celebration of India - Aries Annual All India Business Convention, Hyderabad
- 4th - 7th April 2007 - All India 2007-08 Strategy Meet, Neemrana Fort-Palace, Rajasthan
- 21 st to 23 rd & 28 th to 31 st March 2007 - Andhra Pradesh Annual Regional Dealer Conventions
- 14 th March 2007 - First ever CII-Yi- Aries Agro Ltd. knowledge dissemination National Conference – Agromax, Taj President, Mumbai
- 15 th February 2007 - Lucknow Factory groundbreaking ceremony
- 29 th January 2007 - Hyderabad Factory - Pashamylaram - Ground breaking ceremony
2006
• 30 th November 2006 - Session with Deakin University , Australia – “Challenges of doing Agri-business in India .”Lake Huron Lighthouses
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lions Head Light
Built: 1983 replica of a 1911 light that was destroyed in a storm in 1913
Viewing: From Hwy. 6 approximately 28 miles south of Tobermory, turn east on Country Rd. 9 (Lions Head Rd./Ferndale Rd.) and go approximately 2 miles to a stop sign at Main St. in the town of Lions Head. Turn left on Main St. and go 0.5 miles to Scott St. Turn right on Scott St. and go about 1 block to Helen St. Turn left on Helen St. and go about 0.3 miles bearing right to a T intersection. Turn right and immediately after turning look for the old range light on the left.
GPS: 44.99061, -81.24827Multimedia Strategy: Video – Host or Post
Video is becoming more and more prevalent on websites. And why not? If done well it can be a powerful marketing tool. But what is the best way to get your video content online? There are two options host or post.
Posting to an external site has advantages:
- Easy to upload video
- No bandwidth costs
- Lots of traffic
- Easy to share (embed, email links, rss feeds, etc)
- Serves as a pseudo social media platform
But there are also some disadvantages:
- Videos are watched on their site, not yours.
- No link benefit if people embed/share your video
- Limited analytics to understand user engagement, video bounce rate, etc
- Tend to be lower quality
- Ads appear on your content
- Limited length/duration
- No custom branding
So taking pros and the cons I tend to use a hybrid strategy. For shorter length video where highest quality is not a concern put them on a video sharing site (like youtube). Everything that’s on youtube can be embedded into your site. This provides the benefit of uploading video using their pre-set tools and the extra exposure online. When embedded on your own site you also gain better tracking and can brand the page to ideally suit your online marketing campaigns.
If high quality, duration, or limited compression is a concern, always host the video on your own site. This is necessary because the video sharing sites won’t support it and time consuming work-arounds are necessary which make it an inefficient strategy.
Using this method is a way to get some of the benefits of hosting and posting while minimizing the limitations.Weepu inspires Hurricanes to win
Riding home on the back of an intelligent display at first five-eighths by usual halfback Piri Weepu the Hurricanes claimed the scalp of the Bulls 17-9 in the Rebel Sport Super 14 at Westpac Stadium in Wellington.
Preview: Hurricanes v Bulls
These sides have both been to the Rebel Sport Super 14 playoffs in each of the last two years but it's unlikely the Hurricanes can stretch that record to three in a row after an awful month.
Matfield targets rival Eaton
Fresh from having led his Bulls team to a comfortable win over one of the more competitive lineout combinations, the Highlanders, ace South African lock Victor Matfield is lining up another contest with an All Black Jason Eaton for the Hurricanes.Hayman Safes Rockford IL Loves Park IL
M. Spinello and Son Lock Safe Security Experts a wide assortment of Hayman order it for you. Call us today! (815) 963-0495
Call M. Spinello and Son first to find a the Hayman safe that meets your needs. (815) 963-0495. Serving Rockford, Loves Park, Machesney Park, IL and surrounding areas since 1905.
VIEW ALL HAYMANAt Edgar Family Chiropractic in Burlington, clinicians value comprehensive or multi-disciplinary approaches to treating patients, for example using ultrasound or acupuncture. This comprehensive approach may also incorporate massage therapy into a patient’s treatment plan in order to speed up their progress. Edgar Family Chiropractic on Pearl offers high-quality massage therapy in Burlington from an award-winning registered massage therapist in order to offer the community the best, and most convenient, quality of care available.
Massage therapy works to optimize general health and well-being whilst also preventing dysfunctions of the body and mind. By manually manipulating the soft body tissues, massage therapy decreases stress, alleviates muscle soreness, improves circulation and immune function as well as increases mobility thereby acting on the muscular, nervous and circulatory systems. Massage therapy at Edgar Family Chiropractic not only treats physical dysfunctions but educates patients on strategies for prevention of future injury whilst providing relaxation to the body and mind. This type of therapy helps to reduce or even eliminate the discomfort associated with muscles, connective tissues, joints, tendons, and ligaments.
Registered massage therapists today use their extensive knowledge on human anatomy and physiology to apply modern techniques and offer up- to- date information to patients, however, the origin of massage therapy itself dates back to the 1700s with Swedish massage. Therefore, hundreds of years of practice and research have done all over the world strongly supports massage therapy as being a safe and effective form of treatment for both the body and the mind. To know more click herejaw crushers jaw crushers are used for coarse grinding brittle,medium hard to hard materials up to a mohs hardness ofOnline Service 
4 jaw crusher a deflector plate at the top of the moving jaw means that no intrusive cross wall is required in the feed hopper.all of the effectiveOnline Service 
grinding mill,stone production line,jaw crusher,impact crusher are our main products in jpr machinery.we are commited to serving our best toOnline Service 
the perfect compact crusher crushing and screening system.our jaw crusher can do what an impact crusher can do without allOnline Service 
lowest price on jaw crusher used.free shipping,in stock.buy nowOnline Service 
jaw crusher machine 70 off.free shipping,in stock.buy nowOnline Service 
the proven c series jaw crushers are designed to crush efficiently all,even hardest rock and recycle materials.c series jaw crushers are sui le forOnline Service 
we are supplier,manufacturer,exporter of vibrating screen,hydraulic cone crusher,stone crushing machine,jaw crusher plant,sand washing plant.Online Service 
jaw crushers are used for the rapid crushing of hard,brittle and tough material.our jaw crushers are perfect for this task.request a free quoteOnline Service 
stone crusher,stone crushing and all kinds of crusher equipment are producted by machinery.if you want to buy stone crusher,stone crusher machine or otherOnline Service 
offers a versatile,full line of jaw crushers available in several sizes for por le or stationary mounting,including the hydra jaw®,combining advancesOnline Service 
a jaw crusher is a compressive crusher.the eccentric shaft drives at 250 rpm.the crusher shaft is made from chrome molybdenum alloy steel for maximum strength.Online Service 
a jaw crusher is one of the main types of primary crushers in a mine or ore processing plant.the size of a jaw crusher is designated by the rectangular or squareOnline Service 
get custom quotes.compare and purchase from usa suppliers.for businesses only.Online Service 
columbia steel manufactures the world's largest number of jaw designs.wear parts for all popular jaw crushers,include jaw dies,cheek plates,and moreOnline Service 
fote is famous large manufacturer of stone crusher,rock crusher,jaw crusher machine,cone crusher,mobile crusher plant,and other various crushers.Online Service 
® c series jaw crushers are engineered for the toughest feed materials.they are proven to be reliable and productive in thousands of real miningOnline Service 
the jaw crusher is widely used in mining,building materials,chemical industry,metallurgy and so on.Online Service 
jaw crusher is of high crushing ratio,larger capacity,well distributed final product size,simple structure,reliable performance,convenient maintenance,lowerOnline Service 
span class sp pss sp pssl 19 span joyal jaw crusher,this page is mainly about the working principle of jawOnline Service 
if you are in need of a used jaw crusher,view our inventory online with cleveland brothers.we have options and prices to suit your needs.learn more today.Online Service 
powerscreen jaw crushers are designed to exceed the primary crushing needs of customers in the mining,quarrying and recycling industries.these machines areOnline Service 
manufacturer of crushing machine stone crushing machine,stone crusher,our company is highly esteemed in offering jaw crusher to the clients.Online Service 
used jaw crushers for sale,and using a jaw crusher to mine,quarry,and produce aggregate.trituradoras de quijada usados a la venta.Online Service 
find great deals on ebay for jaw crusher in mining equipment.shop with confidence.Online Service 
jaw crusher is the most universal international crusher with the advantages of great crushing ratio,even granularity,simple structure,convenient maintenanceOnline Service 
commercial can glass crushers,paint,drum,pail aerosol crushersOnline Service 
commercial can glass crushers,paint,drum,pail aerosol crushersOnline Service 
the jaw crusher is used for primary crushers and secondary crushers for crushing all kinds of minerals and rocks with compressive strength less than 320 mpa.thereOnline Service 
's jaw crushers are sui le for many application areas including quarrying,mining and tunneling,and they are designed to boost your productivity.Online Service 
great deals on rock jaw crusher buy it new,buy it used,buy it nowOnline Service 
36 results - with over 500 successful installations,the fuller traylor jaw crusher has been proven capable of withstanding the extreme conditions of the mining industryOnline Service 
our jaw crushers are of the single toggle type with advanced features for optimized performance,easy maintenance,long life and a low cost per ton.theseOnline Service 
mobile jaw crushers for quarrying and recycling.contact usOnline Service 
savona equipment offers new and used jaw crushers for sale in the usa,canada,mexico and south america.Online Service 
mbmmllc s jaw crushers are built in the usa provide years of amazing performance.multiple sizes are available,perfect for your job s needs.shop todayOnline Service Bethany Didsbury featured in Award Magazine
Our Bethany Care Didsbury project with Stuart Olson was featured in this month's Award Magazine for its comfortable, safe and therapeutic design. Congrats to everyone involved!
Zeidler BKDI Architects has proven itself to be an industry leader in Architecture, Interior Design, Landscape Architecture, Urban Design, and Graphic Design.
Our Bethany Care Didsbury project with Stuart Olson was featured in this month's Award Magazine for its comfortable, safe and therapeutic design. Congrats to everyone involved!
Zeidler BKDI's wild washrooms (second only to the loo at Niagara Falls' Planet Hollywood)
Our team was lucky enough to catch the winning fireworks display at GlobalFest 2014! The stellar Da Nang Team performance for Vietnam was the perfect windup to a night of fun and friendship. This was a great opportunity for our Zeidler and BKDI folks to really get to know one another since our recent partnership took off.
GlobalFest combines festive fireworks displays with performances, food, music and more of Calgary’s diverse multi-cultural community. If you didn’t get a chance to mingle with our crew at our lovely tent, check out our photos for a taste of the excitement.
After almost a year of dedicated training, Zeidler BKDI team member Jason Mantel successfully completed The 2014 Enbridge Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting the Alberta Cancer Foundation over the weekend! Jason was personally able to raise $5,865 for this amazing cause – one that is close to many hearts in our office. In total, an amazing $7.9 million was raised by the event. Jason cycled 227 kilometres from Canada Olympic Park to Okotoks and back over the course of two days. We are extremely proud of his accomplishment – way to go, Jason!This amazingly beautiful house and garden is open to the public for 2 days of the year, so when this day matched a free day in our diary we were off!! We had my sister Em (who took all these wonderful photos) staying and Rollos brother, James here too, so we all squeezed into the Land Cruiser and made our first stop Bills in Lewes. Its a vibrant colourful cafe, with friendly staff and great food. You cant not avoid a delicious and happy meal here! Fuelled and ready for action we then headed to Offham House...for me it was with great excitement as I have had some pictures of this house stuck on my walls for years. And it certainly did not let us down...it was stunning, every element, every corner you turned there was more excitement, the colours were stunning and the cake and tea just topped it off to make it all in all one of my most favourite days in a long time. The children ran around happily on the enormous manicured lawn and followed the dog Paddy who lives at the house down each little cut path to screams and giggles. And what really made it was that even though it rained through the UK, here at Offham (yes I am a little bit smug) it was glorious sunshine....happy happy days.Searching for similar_to_97688186812_published_date : 1 results found | RSS Feed for this search
Image from ?Love me for Ever. A romance, etc?, 000513687
DescriptionImage from ?Love me for Ever. A romance, etc?, 000513687 Author: Buchanan, Robert Williams Page: 287 Year: 1883_97688186812_place_of_publishing | similar_to_97688186812_published_date | similar_to_97688186812_slantyness
License
Site sourced from
AttributionClick to get HTML | Click to get attribution | Click to get URL
All metadataSee all metadataThe Telicota sp. was bred many years back but unable to ID with confidence, as there's no clear photo of Telicota augias showing the upperside especially the male stigma in reference books as well as online resources.
Using the deduction method, it was then decided the skipper is Telicota augias.
List of Telicota species compared:
T. ohara - male genitalia & stigma not matched
T. besta - male genitalia & stigma not matched
T. colon - male genitalia closely resembled, stigma not matched, yellow band not extended
T. ohara - male genitalia & stigma not matched
T. linna - male genitalia not matched
T. hilda - this species have underside hindwing veins dark-dusted across post-discal band, and found only on Malaysia mountains from 2500 feet upwards.
T. bambusae - male genitalia not matched
T. augias - male genitalia closely resembled, other description matched as marked in the photos below.
Subsequent check with Hong Kong butterfly expert James Young and Malaysia butterfly expert Dr. TL Seow, further affirmed that the skipper is Telicota augias (Palm Dart).. The underside is orange-yellow with faint black marking. Identifying the female is difficult.
Early stages:
Caterpillar Host Plant: Panicum maximum (Guinea Grass)
Explanation of the ID keys:
Upperside:
In male, the androconia mark filled up the entire brown streak
The base on space 2 is marked orange and not black
The cell is almost entirely orange-yellow for the male
The veins crossing the orange-yellow areas are blacked
Underside:
The veins crossing the post-discal band not dark-dusted in male and lightly dark-dusted in female
Acknowledgement:
References:
- The Butterflies of The Malay Peninsula, A.S. Corbet and H.M. Pendlebury, 4th Edition, Malayan Nature Society. (C&P4)
- A Photographic Monograph on Hong Kong Butterflies - Hong Kong Lepidopterists’ Society
- The Butterflies of Hong Kong - M. J. Bascombe, G. Johnston, F.S. BascombeMy 30 Days of Truth challenge I will admit that I changed one question and changed a few curse words... other than that the challenge is intact.
Day 20: What are your views on drugs and alcohol?...
Okay....? I'm supposed to be honest right?
Yup.
Drugs...
In my opinion, prescription drugs are being prescribed too freely in the entertainment business.. people shop doctors too much and are just being abused. Whether it's Oxycontin, Xanax or plenty of others... they are addicting. In my opinion and is no less than shooting up heroine.
In the United States one person dies every nineteen minutes of an unintentional prescription drug overdose. Prescription drug abuse is the fastest growing drug problem in the United States.
In my opinion, street drugs are totally getting out of hand. People are getting crazy and trying all sorts of crazy mixtures of chemicals. Anything for a crazy high. If it's not crystal meth, then it's ecstasy... do these people really understand what they are consuming? Why not just snort straight Ajax?! Remember the scene from Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke"?
A study in the United State shows that drug use kills more people than traffic accidents.
In my opinion, cannabis should be made available to all cancer patients... dang... you want honesty right? Well... I am of those with a mindset that think that it should be made legal and be regulated.. Shheeesh... they did make alcohol legal which was the end of prohibition, didn't they?
{and} somehow tobacco slipped through the radar... It is a fact that cigarette smoking kills about 6 million people {and rising} worldwide each year. This is just so crazy! Couldn't find unbiased facts about cannabis caused deaths.
I strongly feel that both cigarettes and alcohol are far worse for you than marijuana.
You hear of plenty of drunk drivers killing people- young and old alike... ruining families and at times even disintegrating them.
I feel that when alcohol is abused, not used in moderation, it is worse than marijuana... after all how often do you here of someone killing while on pot? Heck! They're too stone to get off the couch! {and} if they were to get off the couch it would be to head directly to the fridge and or pantry! wink, wink.
It is reported that there are 2.5 million deaths worldwide related to alcohol.
I am not saying that I do not drink... I do... socially... and maybe 3 to 4 drinks per week. Heck, I have unwind somehow. I do have a very active five year old. lol! Have I abused alcohol? Well, there have been a time or two that I should have stopped earlier in the game... but other than that no.
I am not saying that alcohol is bad... I am saying that some people have more of an addicting personality that others and should not drink.
Where do you draw the line?
I could go on and on on this matter but I think this gives you an idea of what my views are on drugs and alcohol.
What do YOU think?
"Annual drug deaths: tobacco: 395,000, alcohol: 125,000, 'legal' drugs: 38,000, illegal drug overdoses: 5,200, marijuana: 0. Considering government subsidies of tobacco, just what is our government protecting us from in the drug war?" ~William A. Turnbow.
Here's to 30 Days of Truth!Here's to 30 Days of Truth:
They legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes in my town, and I hate it. I voted NO when it rolled around, but it still passed with a resounding yes.
Honesty can be a bit uncomfortable, huh? I appreciate the fact you're honest though!
Agree with your POV..especially about cigs and alcohol being worse than pot..Thanks for answering honestly:)
I hate hate HATE drugs!! They ruin so many lives...and not just the users...but it's hard on a users family too. I'm a former smoker, and I drink a glass of wine on occasion. I don't agree with marijuana use except for medicinal purposes.Great post!
Oh I totally agree with you about pot and cancer patients. In my nutrition practice, one of the first things I tell my girls going through chemo is to find some of this stuff to make sure they keep an appetite! Prescription drugs are far worse than cannibas and yet they are doled out like candy! By the way, I am not even one who would ever smoke it!
I think there probably are deaths that are attributable to smoking pot, but there is no way to know. I think it's worse for your lungs than actual cigarette smoke b/c at least cigarettes are somewhat filtered and we KNOW how bad that is for your lungs. I've never smoked pot, but know a lot of people who have. I think that no matter what, as you said, some people just have that "addictive" type personality and no matter what the "Poison" may be, it will be dangerous because they never know where to draw the line. And I absolutely agree with you that prescription drugs are WAY overprescribed. I am a drinker, though. ;) Love my beer and wine.Close All Files in Excel 2013
One of the new features in Excel 2013 is that each file opens in a separate window. Having each file in its own window makes it easier to compare files side-by-side, and most of the time I like the separate windows.
One thing that I don’t like is that, unlike previous versions, there is no Exit button or command, to close all the files. Each window has its own Close button, and if you’ve got lots of files open, it’s a pain to close each window individually.
Use the Taskbar Command
One solution is to use the Close All Windows command on the taskbar.
- Point to the Excel icon in the taskbar, and right-click on it
- In the popup menu, click Close All Windows
Add Commands to the QAT
Another option is to move the Close All and Exit commands to the Quick Access Toolbar (QAT).
- Click the Customize arrow at the end of the QAT.
- Click More Commands
- In the Choose Commands From drop down, select All Commands
- In the list of commands, select Close All
- Click Add, to move the command to the QAT
- Then, select the Exit command, and add it to the QAT
- Click Close, to return to the Excel window.
Now you can click Close All, to close all the files, but leave Excel open. Or, click Exit, to close all the files, and close Excel.
I’ve added this tip to the Excel FAQ pages on my Contextures website.
Watch the Video
Watch this short video, to see the steps for closing all the open files in Excel 2013.
________________
Debra – I use ALT + F4 to close all the files at once. It prompts me to save – including an option to save all – if I haven’t saved one or all of the files.
OK. I just realized you were talking about Excel 2013, not Excel 2010. Please accept my apology and feel free to delete both of my comments.
No problem Bob! The ALT + F4 shortcut is a good tip for previous versions of Excel, which most people are still using.
I always enjoy your tips Debra, but this reminds me of how much I loathe SDI. I really do wish Microsoft would leave the SDI “feature” as an option. I might be a curmudgeon, but I am also a power user who’s easily distracted and it’s not uncommon for me to have a dozen applications open at once (once of which is always Excel, and that will likely have half a dozen documents open). For me, SDI just adds to taskbar clutter and makes it more difficult to Alt-Tab to the bit of work I am interested in.
Thank you so much Debra, I really appreciate your tips. Have a good day!
Thanks very helpful to know!
This brings up a related question.
Why is it when I open up an Excel (or any msoffice) file, it opens a virtual copy? Let me explain…
If I open up two Excel files (let’s call them A and B), and I am a power user and I Alt-Tab to cycle through my choices of open windows, Why is it that I have three or even four Excel windows to choose from? At least one of the files will have a duplicate one to choose from and this drives me crazy. I just want to Alt-Tab between my A and B spreadsheets but I wind up landing on A from A, instead of B from A. This has bugged me for years.
Hello! If you see NameOfDoc.xlsx:2 and NameOfDoc.xlsx:1, for example, you probably saved the workbook at one point while you were using a New Window. Just close one of the copies, and it should not prompt you to save anything, because the actual source is still open. However, you do want to resave the document once the workbook only has one instance open. That should prevent the doc from opening in two windows.
If I understood your question correction, another thing that could be going on is that you are pressing the TAB key for longer than necessary. IF you hold down the Alt key,and then just click tab, you’ll notice that the toggle can go through every open window when you use Alt with Tab. Instead, Ctrl F6 only toggles between documents of the same type.So use Ctrl F6 to move forward one document, and then SHIFT CTRL f6 to go backwards in the cycle. That way you only use 2 of the four documents.
LH
Hi, everybody
The simplest way, I’ve discovered today (the 2nd day when company deployed office 2013), is to hold Shift key and click the cross sign on top right corner (close window). The behavior to be the same as Alt+F4 on previous versions of excel. Even more there comes the fourth choice in appeared the window: Save all.
@Rostyslav, great tip, thanks!Wiz Khalifa’s “Weedmix” is here.
Wiz Khalifa’s forthcoming project ‘Rolling Papers 2’ is expected to release later this year and while we have some time before the project makes it’s official debut, Wiz Khalifa is building anticipation for the project with a number of new remixes. Today, the Taylor Gang rapper unveiled his latest track, a remix of Drake’s hit single “Passionfruit.” Entitled “Passit,” the new “Weedmix” is focused on the rapper’s fondness for weed and his dispensary-meets-club sound.
Press play and listen to Wiz Khalifa’s remix of Drake’s “Passionfruit” above via Soundcloud. You can also download the remix over on Wiz Khalifa’s “Weedfarm.”: Health: Children's Health
Babble Soft presents a trusted and user-friendly web and mobile software solutions helping you keep track of your babyâ€™s health when you are watching your pregnancy week by week.
Category: Computers & Internet: Software.
Category: Computers & Internet: Web Directories: Niche Directories: Software
MySQL to MSSQL transformation software is useful to convert MySQL database to MSSQL. Tool able to convert any number of primary, foreign key, trigger or join in very easily and effectively manner..
Category: Computers & Internet: Software: Design
PunchCAD offers state-of-the-art tools for creating and editing CAD drawings. Both 3D and 2D autocad software, both Macintosh (Mac) and PC.
Category: Computers & Internet: Article Directories: Technology
NTFS data retrieval utility restores formatted damaged deleted hard disk partition. Software recovers accidentally lost intentionally erased inaccessible file directories recovery on all EIDE, SCSI, and IDE disk devices
MerchantOS makes point of sale software easy. No
software installation required. We'll keep your software running thly so you don't have to.
Dynamic Zune music recovery software facilitates to recover lost or crashed audio-video files from your corrupted Microsoft Zune media player. Utility supports all major portable media players.
Category: Business & Economy
AmCheck offers web based payroll services and online payroll service software.
Category: Business & Economy: Services: Outsourcing
Offshore Outsourced Live chat tech support call center services software for websites helpdesk providing 24x7 live chat live help support services ane email management services.....
© Gazduire web | Sponsored by Dedicated serverSearch Results for:
- Players Watching Money List as Tour Visits Utah
8/28/01 -- After a week layoff, the Buy.Com Tour heads to Utah and the Willow Creek Country Club
- Sutherland Holds On in Utah
David Sutherland posted an even-par 72 on Sunday to hold on and win the Buy.Com Utah Classic. His 16-under-par 272 was one better than Danny Briggs, who matched Sutherland at the top of the leaderboard after Saturday's third round. Sutherland reached the Buy.Com Tour record books Friday after his ...
- Briggs Ties Sutherland in Utah
9/1/01 -- Danny Briggs posted a 5-under 67 on Saturday to match David Sutherland.
- Daley Sutherland On Top in Utah
8/30/01 -- Joe Daley fired a season-low 9-under-par 63 to earn a share of the first-round lead.
- Sutherland Passing the Test
8/31/01 -- David Sutherland followed an opening 63 with a second-round 64.International Currencies Made EZ is available online immediately.
This course sold previously for $149 and is available now online without charge. We believe once you have the opportunity to evaluate the content of Gary's publications you will purchase one of the publications listed above and attend one of Gary's courses.So today, Steve moved the goats into the big barn, where they will spend the winter. This makes it more convenient for us, because we can drop hay from the loft directly into their stall, instead of lugging it from here over to the goat shed, plus the new paddock gives them lots more room.
They look tiny next to the big barn.
They are checking out the new digs, including a fun stone wall for jumping and climbing.
The chickens are already in the lower barn level for the winter, and the geese will be moving into barn too, so everyone is all together. This also reduces the amount of snow shoveling we have to do....
The "white house" shown here is currently only used for storage. We have decided to make modifications to it, and use it for animal housing. Either a goat shed, or the cow barn. Thats a project for next spring.How Would You Like To Know Just What To Eat And The Way To Eat To Burn Fat And Get lean... That is where things like periodization , fasted training, supplementation, and carb cycling get involved. Then you will get fatter if you are indulging in junk food on a daily basis. However, as all of us know, too many carbohydrates can have the opposite effect and cause weight gain. For this reason,
1
Search
What is Kliqqi?
Kliqqi is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own user-powered website.
Latest Comments
Log in to comment or register here.My husband heard this on the radio today and we both thought yeah right! And now as I read through this article, I am realizing that the Congressman were preparing to get themselves arrested to push for immigration reform….-A.M.
As Twitchy reported yesterday, the administration had no problems trying to lock World War II veterans out of Washington’s war memorials last week, but the red carpet was rolled out on the National Mall today for a previously scheduled immigration reform rally. The Park Service determined that the ”Camino Americano: March for Immigrant Dignity and Respect,” sponsored in part by the SEIU and AFL-CIO, was covered under the First Amendment.
Despite the shutdown, there were plenty of Capitol police on hand to greet hundreds of protesters.
Several Democratic reps arrested at immigration rally on ‘closed’ National Mall [pics]>>IMAGE excellent book from LeftWord Books on the Warli revolt which you can get here.
On November 20-21, farmers from across India will come to Delhi for a Kisan Mukti Sansad (Farmers’ Liberation Parliament). They will raise many issues, amongst whom will be the cow fascist attack on dairy farmers. More on this protest later.
-- Vijay Prashad]
An AIKS delegation led by President Dr.Ashok Dhawale visited Ghatmika village in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan yesterday to meet the family members of Ummar Mohammed Khan, a poor dairy farmer and daily wage labourer who was murdered by Gaurakshaks in Alwar in Rajasthan on 10th November 2017. The delegation also met the Alwar Superintendent of Police (SP) Rahul Prakash and Deputy SP Anil Beniwal and discussed the seriousness of the crime and need for stringent action against the culprits.
According to the SP, the postmortem report has confirmed two bullet injuries as cause of death of Ummar Khan and the cow. He also said two culprits have been arrested so far and search for five more suspected is going on. Steps to provide compensation to victim are being considered.
The delegation found the family as poor and under severe distress. They are living by selling milk and occasional daily wage from rural work. The entire village is backward and poverty ridden. The village has 450 houses in which around 400 are Muslim families. The village has around 1000 cows apart from buffaloes and the main income is from dairying. The price of one liter milk is Rs. 20 only which is very low and the villagers are facing distress in general. There is no development in the region. Cow rearing is the major livelihood support to the village.
The family members and the villagers said that there is no case registered against Ummar Khan thus challenging the claim so by the Alwar police in a written press statement. The SP claims it was a case of cow smuggling since there is no tax receipt from the cattle market. Purchasing and selling cows is not legally banned in Rajasthan by any Act. When the villagers sell and purchase cows from households there is no system of receipts. Without any complaint about cow theft from anybody, the fact that the Alwar police have registered a case of cow smuggling against the victim underlines the prejudiced mindset of the police and administration.
The family members have pointed out that the doctor on duty at Alwar Hospital had stated that the death was not due to firing since there was no bullet found in the X-ray. Then the family members and the villagers objected to conducting post mortem at Alwar and thus the police was forced to refer the body to Jaipur for post mortem. In Jaipur the post mortem confirmed death due to two bullet injuries. The murder happened at Gahankar village in Bharatpur district. The vehicle was found at Govindgarh and the body was found 15 km away on the railway tracks in Ramgarh. There was conscious effort by the criminals to misguide the public that it was an accidental death, and the behaviour of the Alwar doctor is unconvincing.
AIKS has been consistently fighting the communal forces and the killer Gaurakshaks who are continuously committing crimes including mob lynching. So far more than 30 people died in such attacks after the Prime Minister Narendra Modi assumed power in 2014. In the Pehlu Khan Case also the real culprits were left scot-free by the police and the Rajasthan Government and not a single paisa was given to the victim’s family as compensation.
The Supreme Court had to intervene and direct the Central Government and State Governments to deploy nodal police officers at district level to control the illegal activities of so called ‘Gaurakshaks’ and ensure adequate compensation to victims of such mob violence. However, the BJP-led State and Central Governments, rather than heed the constitutional authorities, seem to work on orders from the RSS headquarters in Nagpur.
These chains of crimes divide the people on communal lines and if allowed to continue will divide the people and destroy the unity of the country in the long run. Hence all the secular and democratic forces must come forward to isolate the killer Gaurakshaks and the RSS-BJP that are patronizing these elements.
The AIKS demands from the Central Government and the State Government the following:
- Immediately arrest all the culprits responsible for the murder of Ummar Khan.
- Rs. one crore as compensation to the victim’s family and Rs. 25 lakh to those injured.
- Institute a judicial enquiry into the Ummar Khan murder case.
- The Government must ensure cattle trade and those Governments that ban slaughter must amend cow protection act to purchase unproductive animals paying market rate.
- Ban unlawful organizations like Gaurakshaks.
The AIKS delegation included President Dr Ashok Dhawale, Joint Secretary Vijoo Krishnan, Finance Secretary P Krishnaprasad, Rajasthan State Secretary Chhagan Choudhury, Vice President Gurcharan Singh Morh, Bharatpur District secretary Nathilal Sharma, President Rambho Hawaldar and Imam Azam Mohammed of Bharatpur.
A press conference was held on 18th November, 2017 at New Delhi. The press conference was attended by Hannan Mollah, Dr Ashok Dhawale, N K Shukla, Vijoo Krishnan and P Krishnaprasad.
Case Clicker is a unique casual game in which you can actual trade different weapons and can buy various things. Just click to collect a Key and start unlocking things easily. There are over 200 different types of achievements available to be unlocked by collecting the required Keys. You can explore a whole new world of trading by playing this game online. You can download Case Clicker APK file for free for your Android. For PC users, Case Clicker for PC is also now available. Following guidelines will guide you installing this game on a respective Windows or Mac system.
Case Clicker for PC Free Download (Windows 7 / 8 / 8.1 / Mac)
Step 1 :
Download and install a proper Android Emulator on the PC on which we are going to install Case Clicker game. You can download an Android Emulator by clicking the below given link.
Download Bluestacks for Windows and Mac
Step 2 :
Hit above link once, you will be taken to a new webpage to get required information of an Android Emulator. Scroll down the page and hit the download button, get an installation file of the Emulator from here.
Step 3 :
Double click the file to start the installation process. You have to follow basic instructions in order to complete the process. Soon, the Emulator will be installed and it will be loading like this on your desktop.
Step 4 :
You could see a number of useful options on the homepage. Kindly select Search option from here.
Step 5 :
Enter Case Clicker into the search box by using your Keyboard and then press Enter button.
Step 6 :
On this page, you could see a few useful apps and games suggestions including the requested one, Case Clicker. Click it out!
Step 7 :
You’ll be taken to an official Google Play Store’s page of Case Clicker game. Click Install button, Accept the terms and conditions from here.
Step 8 :
Downloading process of Case Clicker game will take place. It will take a few minutes to complete an entire process. Soon, the game will be installed on the Emulator, you’d get a Successful message on the Emulator as well.
Case Clicker game has been installed successfully on your PC. In order to start the game, just go to your Emulator’s homepage and hit the icon of Case Clicker game. The game will be launched and you can start playing it on your system!
You might also like this : Seven Knights for PC Free Download (Windows 7 / 8 / 8.1 / Mac)Companies disclose financial risks of climate change
Environmentalists generally regard owners of coal-fired power plants as the Enemy No. 1. Though the plants produce the majority of America’s energy, they’re also sickeningly dirty (both literally and figuratively): Coal-fired power plants are responsible for more than 40 percent of the US’s yearly carbon emissions, not to mention all the other gunk like sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and particulates that they spew into the air.
And while there’s no way a greenie will ever love—or even tolerate—a coal-fired power plant, we can applaud one company for making a step in the right direction. Last week Dynergy, one of the major owners of US coal-fired power plants, made an announcement that it will warn investors about how global warming could affect its business. The company joins one other, Xcel Energy, which made a similar agreement this August.
From a New York Times story:
Dynergy has agreed to put detailed information in its financial filings on any material business risks posed by climate change.
That could include warning investors about looming government regulations that might make it more expensive to emit carbons, or the possibility that the company could be sued over pollution.
The agreement came at the request of New York State attorney general Andrew Cuomo. Cuomo’s also pressuring three other power companies—the AES Corporation, Dominion Resources, and the Peabody Energy Corporation—to warn investors of financial risks associated with global warming.
Despite the hubbub the agreement caused in the business and environmental sectors the past few days, Dynergy says that it doesn’t expect its practices to change as a result of the commitment.
From the New York Times:
A spokesman for Dynergy, which is based in Houston and provides wholesale power in 13 states, said the company believed that it was already making the types of disclosures sought by Mr. Cuomo’s office, and did not expect to have to change its practices.
Whether Dynergy believes the agreement is significant or not, environmentalists and Al Gore have applauded the effort, and hope that it will set a precedent for other businesses.
We at Plenty are sure hoping that it does. With the economy in dire straits, many investors are shy to put their money into small, green start-ups and clean tech companies. Here’s hoping that with major businesses starting to disclose the financial risks associated with burning fossil fuels, investors will start throwing some major dough at clean, alternative energies.
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:A network multiplies the value of advice.
When you don't have the time or knowledge to do it all yourself, your network allows you to make sure it's all done right.
It's for this reason that we work to become a functional part of your existing network of accountants and advisors, complementing and coordinating the services they provide. It's also why we’ve developed our own network of wealth specialists, which include:
- Tax and estate specialists
- Business succession planners
- Insurance planners
- Research analysts
- Income planners
- Private bankers
- Financial planners
- Retirement planners
- Taxation specialists
We'd love to hear from you.
If you would like to speak with us directly to pose a question or schedule a consultation, kindly fill out the form below and we will reach out to you personally.*Required fieldsWestern Utopia and His Remark About‘My Way Westward': Wang Tao's Paradoxical Cultural Mental Map, All Based on His Informal Essays
Yang Tangchen;
His Informal Essays, a post-travel text, written from memory, is based on changes that happened in Wang Tao'personal experience and the enlightenment strategies at the time of writing in that a utopia of imaginary West is fully revealed in the text and, at the same time, the imagination of a Chinese culture with‘my way westward'is also unfolded in parallel in which the imagination of an Other and that of a self co-exist, in an entangled and paradoxical manner, driving home the point that the occurrence of modern thought and the birth of the new people in modern times have never been a simple either-or replacement,instead an emergence out of the clash between thoughts, old and new.
【Fund】： 教育部人文社科规则2015年度课题“晚清域外游记诗歌文献整理研究” 项目号:15YJC751053
【CateGory Index】： I207.65
【CateGory Index】： I207.65
CAJViewer7.0 supports all the CNKI file formats; AdobeReader only supports the PDF format.Your shopping cart is empty!
.".
V LTD!!ABM donates 200 cheer-up boxes to children that are hospitalized
More than 200 ABM Franchising Group members, their families and friends joined
Cheeriodicals on Friday to create cheer-up boxes for patients at Golisano Children’s Hospital of Southwest Florida. Cheeriodicals are big green boxes of cheer made up, in this case, of age-appropriate magazines and activity books, room decorations, puzzles, stickers and games for children in the hospital to enjoy.
The “Cheeriodicals Day” event was held exclusively for ABM Franchising Group, during its annual Principals Meeting. ABM Franchising Group offers two franchise brands, Linc Service and TEGG, which deliver preventive maintenance and system retrofit solutions to commercial and industrial buildings across the globe. ABM Franchising Group is an operating unit of
ABM (NYSE:ABM), a leading provider of integrated facility solutions.
“ABM’s mission is to make a difference, every person, every day. We are excited to have this opportunity to come together - not only with the members of the ABM Franchising team, but also with our friends and family members - to create something that will bring joy to 200 children and their families during a challenging and scary time. No one wants to see their child in a hospital and, as a father of three boys myself, I would not even want to imagine the challenges, fears and pressure many of these families are currently facing. This is a small gesture, but I’m excited to see how many people in our group truly care about the wellbeing of these families and doing what they can to make a difference,” said Scott Giacobbe, President of ABM Franchising Group.
“We are thrilled to lead the ABM Franchising Group team to assemble the Cheeriodicals and deliver the cheer-up boxes to the children and families at Golisano Children’s Hospital” said Gary Parisher, President of Cheeriodicals. “The ABM Franchising Group team has a great desire to give back and make a difference for the hospitalized children in this community.”
"The toys and activities provided in the boxes will certainly bring smiles and help the patients play and ‘be kids’ despite whatever other challenges they are facing. We are overwhelmed by the support we receive from our communities and this is a wonderful example of that. We are excited for this partnership and to see the joy that it will bring to faces of our patients!" said Stacy Robillard, Child Life Specialist of Golisano Children’s Hospital of Southwest Florida.
After a special delivery to the hospital, free of charge, by Two Men and a Truck Ft Myers, Cheeriodicals began handing out the big green boxes of cheer to patient families at the hospital. The boxes were tailored to boys or girls of specific age groups and are sure to bring joy to the children.
Cheeriodicals Days are catching on across the country. Cheeriodicals has worked with children's hospitals in dozens of markets nationwide including: Houston, Birmingham, Cincinnati, Chicago, Las Vegas, Atlanta, Fort Lauderdale, Columbus, New York and Los Angeles on Cheeriodicals Days and has plans to continue working with corporate sponsors to bring cheer to children's hospitals throughout the country.
Supporting Quotes
“We are grateful to ABM Franchising Group for choosing Golisano Children’s Hospital to receive the Cheeriodicals boxes for our patients. Being in the hospital is a stressful time for the patients and their families, and whether they are here for a few days or a few months, having an event like this provides an escape and a slice of happiness,” said Stacy Robillard, Child Life Specialist of Golisano Children’s Hospital of Southwest Florida.
Related
Connect with ABMOnline only
New product
2 Item Items
Warning: Last items in stock!
Availability date:
Rocam Most Competitive IP Camera M200HD,720P High definition IP Camera Mini Camera with TF Card Storage,Dual audio
Key features:
1),D/C,5V,2A, Lens:3),10pcs 5mm LED light,Night Vision up to 10m
6),Support motion detection recording.
7),Support 32GB TF Card recording
Products Photos:
No customer reviews for the moment.Organic food is known to have better health value compared to non-organic food. That’s the reason the demand for organic food went up by 30% during the last. Most organic food tastes better than non-organic and it can help to prevent cancer and heart diseases. The organic food is grown without the use of pesticides and therefore offers a safer environment for animals and birds.
However, you might not be able to get all these benefits from organic food, especially if your food is being grown in California.
The US Department of Agriculture provides organic standards for farms who want to label their food as ‘organic’. However, these standards were written 15 years ago and they haven’t been replaced with new standards ever since. According to these original organic food standards, the farmers are under no obligation to avoid using petroleum-laced waste water. In Southern California, the water from gas and oil wells is being used to grow your organic food. This water is petroleum-laced and it causes multitude of problems, even when the food is otherwise organic..”
If you want to consume 100% organic food and you can’t trust USDA labeled ‘organic’ food just yet with no regulations controlling the irrigation water, you can start growing your own organic vegetables in a rooftop garden. Check out this video below to learn to do it youself.
GROW YOUR OWN ORGANIC VEGETABLES
Read full article at Mother Jones.Personal Loans could be availed by individuals who may need funds. A person might be ready of great credit or even bad credit score. Whatever might be ones position there’s always the range of availing unsecured loans to ensure that one may remain benefited using its services. There’s the possibility to get huge financial loans under this particular scheme provided the consumer can maintain something because security using the bank.
The quick processing associated with loans is performed under this particular scheme of unsecured loans. People may also pay from the interest within due span of time. There’s a lot associated with flexibility agreed to borrowers of personal bank loan to repay the loan together with its curiosity. It isn’t that such lenders are just banks. There’s also several additional lenders that offer their own services both within the physical market in addition to online. Therefore, people can make an application for loans simply by logging onto those sites of lenders and obtain the best loan available for sale.
Competitive rates will also be offered through lenders on Unsecured loans. So, people have to evaluate the loans when it comes to the yearly percentage rate of interest that is associated with the financial loans. The apr can end up being calculated from the sum of the interest rate along with other overhead cost that’s active in the transaction. Thus the actual borrower from the loan will get a ‘loan quote’ that provides details from the loan that’s borrowed.
On the majority of the occasions, an individual loan is intended for assisting in motor finance, wedding, investing in a house, holidaying package along with other consolidating financial obligations. These objectives could be easily fulfilled with unsecured loans available each as secured in addition to unsecured financial loans. The unprotected forms can be found without any kind of collateral and in the event of the collaterals, the customers are asked to supply proofs as well as documents with regard to availing the actual loan.
It’s also a fact that we now have large quantity of lenders on the market who offer unsecured loans. People may approach them effortlessly and get all of the benefits since the service will get better prices with on the internet processes delivered to significant make use of. There tend to be no concealed costs associated with any kind and whatever can there be is kept available to the availers of personal bank loan. The services provided by the providers will also be on twenty-four hours a day basis with no fee is actually charged with regard to forwarding the use of the mortgage.
The customers feel good concerning the online services provided by the personal bank loan provider. It is totally hassle-free as there isn’t any extra documents involved. An individual just must fill within an online form using the application particulars. It can also be guaranteed that information provided within the form is actually kept solution. It just requires a few tiniest to fill the shape. Many of those online websites offer expert’s guide and thus people get all of the counselling necessary to avail this kind of loans. Having finished the thank you’s the mortgage is forwarded towards the concerned individual.Wild Salamander Creative Arts Center’s main mission is to bring with each other the arts, artists, and community members through education, explorations, and gatherings. The Arts and Craft Center presents numerous classes, programs and solutions. Find the supplies you rely on for year-round art projects and inventive classroom activities. Come across out where our Crafts & Solution Design and style courses have taken some of our students. VA staff will be notified in late-June by mail and e-mail if Veterans from their facility are invited to attend the National Veterans Creative Arts Festival.
Overall, I suggest acquiring this if you are looking for a fantastic hunting inventive center that packs numerous desirable features into a compact space. Time and space to practice expertise discovered in Tuesday art class, or whatever art project you wish to function on. Storage of individual art supplies readily available.
Parents magazine worked with charities across the country to produce projects that assist kids and animals in will need, all whilst teaching your personal youngsters the spirit of providing. Artist’s Loft Arts & Crafts Creative Center is rated four.2 out of five by 176.
Projects that are looking for volunteers with a creative nature, incorporate our Arts and Crafts for sustainable livelihoods internship which is offered in South Africa and Swaziland, our arts primarily based education placement in South Africa and many of our community placements functioning with young children.
We have much more than 50 stained glass and suncatcher art activities for little ones right here on The Artful Parent! He/she can submit an entry in creative writing, dance, drama or music categories with a Veteran or group from yet another VA facility, but nonetheless represents and ought to go through his/her originating VA facility to enter the competitors.Custom maternity tee
Proper help for the lower again plays a surprisingly necessary position throughout being pregnant and put custom maternity tee therapeutic. By rooming in, you and your baby have a chance to bond with each other. It is NOT going to go as you plan. In the UK, and most matenrity nations, the mom doesn't must have a scan if she doesn't wish to. Being pregnant week twenty-four: Sure you may expertise Braxton Hicks contractions as early as week 24. People can you have a false positive home pregnancy test also discover a loss of urge for food or changes in what they really feel like consuming. Let me first say that I do know what I'm custom maternity tee about. Twice, possibly thrice every week at most. You can take a take a look at custom maternity tee after the day after your interval is due (in different phrases, the day custm your period is late). Observe all custom maternity tee points talked about above to get pregnant quick. Materniy in mind, your man's health ucstom performs an necessary role in the entire course of. It's extremely simple to look at custom maternity tee in a pregnant girl, because she shows a lot of them externally, nonetheless it's way more difficult to look at any custom maternity tee within the child. For all of my pregnancies, I tested detrimental until two days after my period was does loss of pregnancy symptoms mean miscarriage. Light bleeding - You may discover small quantities of blood on a day that is not in your common cycle, so in the event you miss your subsequent interval you can be pregnant. The affected lady turns into weak and dehydrated. Custom maternity tee signs of pregnancy simply point out the probabilities of being pregnant and materntiy being pregnant check is a should to tse the news. For moms-to-be pregnant for the first time, custom maternity tee enhanced sense of odor is usually one of maternigy oddest symptoms of pregnancy. Occasionally, there may be two gestational sacs at this early stage and discover only one baby at a later ultrasound. The chstom most common signof miscarriage is vaginal bleeding. Do you've a moist, slimy tongue. c have health issues that put them msternity a high-danger class the place they'll need certain interventions, such as a Cesarean part, to make birth secure, either for mom or baby. If you are bleeding loads, see your well being care supplier or go to matternity hospital simply to be sure. Thanks for one more nice article, Ms. custom maternity tee, dialogue 325-326. I plan to have a natural birth, without any pain aid and have requested not to be requested if I'm in ache or to be provided ache relief. Custom maternity tee don't know what to expect and haven't acquired mates to ask, so I rely on internet information and schooling by means of books. Open communication can defuse quite a lot of rigidity and help you chill out, enjoy each other, and discover ways to be intimate, whether or not or not you're having intercourse. Not being able to have kids (infertility) could be a pregnancy and itraconazole period or lengthy-lasting results materniity some cancer remedies. You could possibly share it along with your midwife during your prenatal visits, and current a replica to the midwife-on-obligation if you find yourself admitted to the hospital. i wish i by no means heard concerning the bloody thing. Kramer Custom maternity tee, Kakuma R. But you might must have the check earlier in the event you've had gestational diabetes earlier than. Sometimes, it might be essential to recalculate the estimated due date EDD based mostly on different info comparable to on an ultrasound that was executed and showed signs big baby pregnancy info than a due date primarily based only in your last period. Maybe custom maternity tee what your doctor meant by their comments: as a result of the entire other indicators present you and the baby are in good health, the one problem with you having gained a bit extra weight is that you simply'd have more to lose to get again to the place you have been pre-being pregnant. Sore boobs, mild materinty, backache, and fatigue may maternjty well be PMS, or ter can be a sign of early being pregnant. Zita West has been concerned in fertility and pregnancy now for over custom maternity tee years, as a midwife, a nutritional advisor, custom maternity tee acupuncturist and as an author and consultant. Skin adjustments are common during being pregnant.More...
Who to you it has told?
06.06.2014 at 03:03 Nikosho:
Quite
13.06.2014 at 07:42 Mazuktilar:
Certainly. And I have faced it.
22.06.2014 at 06:29 Kazigrel:
All above told the truth. We can communicate on this theme.
24.06.2014 at 10:05 Zololkree:
Completely I share your opinion. It is excellent idea. I support you.
30.06.2014 at 00:23 Dugal:
Strange as that
04.07.2014 at 07:26 Shakataur:
What would you began to do on my place?
07.07.2014 at 09:27 Tam:
Also what in that case to do?At first glance, Rep. Jaime Herrera Beutler’s recently released letter to Washington State Insurance Commissioner Mike Kreidler gives the impression that she is looking out for her constituents. Instead she is attempting to shift blame. She chides him for failure to fix health care access problems in Pacific County, problems created by persistent Republican efforts to undermine the Affordable Care Act.
At the same time, Herrera Beutler hypocritically supports the Republican tax bill which will increase health care access problems. This bill will further undermine, if not eliminate, the ACA and is a key step in the long-term Republican plan to reduce Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
In October, Republicans allowed the expiration of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which provides health care funding for 9 million children. Every state, including Washington, is scrambling to find some way to prevent catastrophic loss of health care for the most vulnerable children. If our representative were truly concerned about health care access she would be loudly fighting for the restoration of CHIP.
Herrera Beutler has made the choice to support the Republican tax reform bill and to expedite the Republican plans to gut the safety nets critical to the well-being of all except the very rich. Don’t be deceived.From The Gospel of Matthew, by Curtis Mitch and Edward Sri, commenting on Matthew 3:1-12
—————————-
At the heart of John’s prophetic message is the challenge to repent, which in Greek means to change one’s mind or perspective. In the Jewish tradition the Hebrew word for repent means to turn around, or return. John is calling for a complete change in thinking and conduct—a decisive, fundamental change of direction in one’s life.
In this, John stands in the tradition of the Old Testament prophets who called on Israel to turn away from sin and return to the Lord. Behind the prophet’s call to repentance is a conviction that the nation is on a path to destruction and in need of radical reorientation. But John’s call to repentance comes with an even greater sense of urgency because he announces something no prophet before him could proclaim: the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Israel faces a unique, now-or-never opportunity to repent.
The “kingdom of heaven” does not refer to a place—a place, for example, where God and the angels dwell—but to God’s dynamic activity as ruler. God alone was king over Israel, and the prophets foretold that he would come as king, establish his reign in Jerusalem, and bring justice on earth. Thus in proclaiming that “the kingdom of heaven is at hand,” John is announcing that God’s promised reign is now dawning on Israel and the world.Each year we review our Code of Conduct to make updates where necessary and ensure we are in compliance with federal, state and local regulations. The Code of Conduct is a set of guidelines to foster appropriate student behavior and discipline. BCSD has a detailed district-wide Code of Conduct, in addition to plain language summaries for the elementary and secondary levels. The plain language documents include pertinent information that is developmentally appropriate for each grade level.
Please take a moment to review your student's respective Code of Conduct by clicking the file name below. Thank you for helping us engage and empower each student to achieve excellence as a learner and citizen.Web Hosting Services Description
If you are planning to create or already have a personal or corporate website and require a reliable and stable web hosting service, we will recommend you the web hosting packages offered by KRB Web Hosting.
A Full Bundle of Web Hosting Features
Our shared hosting packages comprise a vast array of features and website creation and administration tools and will satisfy the website hosting necessities of both beginner users and proficient users. They all come with 30-day money-back and 99.9 percent server uptime guarantees, the automated Popular PHP Scripts Installer, an online website building tool, PHP 6/5/4 and MySQL 5 support, sender address forgery, spam and anti-virus protection for your e-mailbox accounts and many more. And you if you are searching for more advanced features, you can get a hosting plan offering PgSQL, InnoDb, Memcached and NodeJS support.
Several Datacenter Locations
Our aim is to provide website hosting services that are open to all clients around the world. You can select from different data center facilities situated on different continents – Steadfast in Chicago, United States; Pulsant in London, UK and SiS Group in Sydney, Australia. So, clients from all around the globe can pick the data center facility, which is closest to their physical location or to their target audience so as to achieve faster web site loading speeds.Picture It
256-488-9135
97 Old Oxford Rd Delta
Alabama 36258-5965
Picture It's Area of Business:
General Contractors-single-family Houses, Home Improvements
SIC Code:
152105
Phone Number, Address, and Contact Details for Picture It, Delta AL. Picture It's Phone Number is 256-488-9135. The Listed Business Address for Picture It is located at 97 Old Oxford Rd, Delta AL 36258-5965, USA.
Picture It Delta provides services related to Building Construction General Contractors And Operative Builders, General Contractors-single-family Houses, Home Improvements. Dial +1 2564889135 in case you are calling Picture It from outside the Delta AL area.
Delta Phone PagesIndian economy is travelling through the most revolutionary and controversial digitalization process. The same way global economy is also travelling far steps with a VIRAL money system called virtual currencies, or cryptographic currencies, world wide the Bitcoin or similar crypto currencies are making a large move, due to its flexibility and lack of RESTRICTIONS and Limitations like on conventional money system.
They are independent of all bank systems and they can be connected with them as per the user’s will.
In India also people starts trading and transactions of bitcoin, but it was in a steady progressive way, These days bitcoins make a large hit on its ever recorded value and transaction rate, at this moment many comments are spreading over the social media, that hurts Indian bit coin users, like RBI will ban bitcoin transactions and it won’t consider as a legal way of money transaction.South Dakota Scholarships
South Dakota
South Dakota (i/ËŒsaÊŠÎ¸ dÉ™ËˆkoÊŠtÉ™/) 77,116 square miles (199,730 km2) to attract and retain residents. It is still largely rural and has the fifth-lowest population density among U.S. states. South Dakota's history and rural character still strongly influence the culture of the state.
South Dakota College Scholarships
Matching South Dakota CollegesWorksheet #612792 : Math Number Pattern Worksheets (+48 Similar Worksheets)
Patterns Worksheets
File #: 612792
File Type: image/jpeg File Size: 7 KB Dimension: 612x792 pixels
Updated: June 10th, 2017
This is the math worksheet #612792: Math Number Pattern Worksheets – Patterns Worksheets, part of the 48 worksheets update published on June 10th, 2017. These math worksheets can be downloaded and used as reference to better suit your worksheet requirements.
Click to download this worksheet directly, below.
Browse More Math Worksheet
Worksheet #:
Math Number Pattern Worksheets - Multiplication Sheets 4th Grade Free Two Digit Worksheets
Worksheet #684881:
Math Number Pattern Worksheets - Christmas Winter Math Worksheets for 2nd 3rd and 4th ..
Worksheet #604780:
Math Number Pattern Worksheets - Free Preschool Kindergarten Addition Worksheets Printable
Worksheet #718957:
Math Number Pattern Worksheets - Worksheet 718957 Kindergarten Rhyming Worksheets Free
Worksheet #604780:
Math Number Pattern Worksheets - Free Math Worksheets Printable Organized by Grade
Find Suitable Math Worksheets for Your Needs
Free Two Digit Multiplication Worksheets
Addition Subtraction Fractions ..
Addition Subtraction Multiplication ..
Christmas Math Worksheets 3rd Grade
Fractions Number Line Worksheet
Picture Addition Worksheets for ..
Kindergarten Rhyming Worksheets ..
Division Worksheet for Grade 4
Fractions to Decimals to Percents ..
Grade 6 Math Worksheets Printable
Word Problem Subtraction Worksheets
Mental Math Worksheets Grade 3
Multiplication Easy Worksheets
Fact Families Worksheets Multiplication ..Murphy Park – Urbandale, Iowa
Lions Park and Wading Pool – Urbandale, Iowa
Lions Park and Wading Pool is big and shady, with several playground elements and a wading pool. There is a separate toddler playground and a special toddler/adult swing so you can face your baby.
Kollmorgen Park – Urbandale, Iowa
Horizons Ridge Park – Urbandale, Iowa
Horizons Ridge Park has neat climbing trees and a small playground set near the paved trail.How much more corporate welfare?
A little over two years ago, Sears strong-armed the taxpayers of the state of Illinois to extend their previous 23 tax incentives an additional 23 years. The initial package was reported to have cost the taxpayers $250 million.
The deal two years ago gave another estimated $150 million to Sears. Overall, Sears will cost the state over $400 million. That's almost $10 million a year. The vast majority is taxes that Community Unit District 300 will, lose. They've estimated that they have lost $14 million per year from this deal.
The justification that Sears, and the politicians primarily from Hoffman Estates, gave was the potential loss of 6,100 jobs at the Sears facility in Hoffman Estates and the potential loss of jobs from companies that provide support to Sears.
Lately, I am reading more about the potential demise of Sears. With this in mind, I contacted my state representatives to determine what penalties Sears would incur, if they didn't live up to their bargain. Depending on who is correct, Sears can reduce their Hoffman Estates workforce to either 4,250, or 4,000, employees and still be in compliance with their tax incentives agreement. Supposedly, if Sears defaults on the new agreement they have to pay back the incentives that they got. As it stands Sears has already started to reduce their workforce in Hoffman Estates. Numbers are not available for the size of their current workforce.
I hope that the politicians in the state of Illinois start looking at these tax incentive programs a lot more carefully. They recently gave more tax incentives to nine more companies. ADM and others are standing in line with their hands out.
I'm sorry, but given the financial condition of this state, how much more corporate welfare can the taxpayers be forced to give?
Walter E. O'Brien
Dundee 68°7’E to 97°25’E. It runs to nearly 3200 Km along its north-south axis. It’s a real coverage is 3,267,500 square kilometers. Prior to 600 million years ago and almost upto 120 million years from today most of its western provinces beyond the Aravallis were under sea.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Archaean gneisses and granites formed the main landmass of the subcontinent. The Aravalli formations, starting to rise around the Pre- Cambrian era (prior to 600 million years), separated the western sea from the Himalayan sea. The Dharwarian group forms- the first mixed sediments to cover the original crust of Archaean formations.
Around 500 million years ago a humid climatic regime developed and this caused several meters deep calcareous depositions. The Cuddapah formation corresponds to this period. The Vindhyan basin was also uplifted during this phase. This was followed by extensive glacio-fluvial deposits from a southern source, not so far specifically identified.
These deposits are names as Gondwana formations. During the middle of the Mesozoic period around 200 million years ago, the continent got separated from Africa, Australia and South America. Subsequent to this, one of the greatest volcanic eruptions took place in the Pacific and most of the earlier deposits were deeply buried under volcanic lava in most parts of the peninsular region.
The rise of the Himalayas and along with this the entire area west of Aravallis was exposed creating a huge landmass that constitutes western Rajasthan and parts of Pakistan today. It was much later during late Quaternary i.e., less than one million years ago that the Ganga-Jamuna trough alongwith numerous water courses of Himalayan origin started filing up the sub-Himalayan depression.
When man evolved, India had acquired its present shape although most of its water courses were still not flowing in a permanent bed. By late Lower Pleistocene and early Middle Pleistocene, India emerged (is a country capped by Himalayan ranges in the north along with the chain of Patkai and the Suleman ranges forming two arms in the east and the west respectively, and the Western and the Eastern Ghats running along the two borders of its peninsular extension.
This brief and oversimplified account of the geological history of the country is the backdrop against which a workable chronology of this region has to be developed. Active geological events have taken place even after Pleistocene depositions and have made this job of working out a chronology for this country very challenging. Most of the archaeological interpretations, besides working out chronologies, depend heavily on climatic interpretations and this is often made possible by comparisons with the present climate of the region.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
The various climatic regions within which India is broadly divided can, therefore, be briefly described here as follows:
A. Moist Tropical Forests:
Moist tropical forests are a variety of eco-niche which has been identified in a varied dispersed spread over several regions of the country. Some of the variations, as such, will be more meaningful for our understanding.
1. Tropical Wet Evergreen:
ADVERTISEMENTS:
This is an ecological regime which occurs at varied altitudes with a yearly rainfall exceeding 250 cm. In Assam, this occur upto 1070 meters while on the western coast the wet evergreen forest is maintained upto 1370 meter altitude. These are forests with multiple canopies and very rich undergrowth. The plants usually found in this climate are Dipercarps, Shorea and Hopea.
2. Tropical Moist Semi-Evergreen:
This climate regime is mostly confined to the Western Ghats although some specific regions of Assam, Bengal and Orissa may also be included in this group. Here the annual rainfall varies between 200- 250 cm. The main floral character is provided by the Eugenia cinnamomume. Lush undergrowth is also invariably present.
3. Deciduous:
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Moist deciduous forests are generally restricted to the peninsular upland between the western and the Eastern Ghats. Sal (Skorea robustus) and Teak (Tectona grandis) constitute the most characteristic species of this zone. Rainfall for this zone can be extremely varied, and depends largely on whether one is nearer to the ghats or in the inland region. It can vary from almost 200 cm near the ghats to less than 100 cm inland.
B. Dry Tropical Forests:
Dry tropical species abound in areas where the annual rainfall does not exceed 100 cm. The Himalayan foot-hills, Satpuras, Maikals, the eastern slopes of the Aravallis and the inner slopes of the ghats provide this climatic zone. The floral variety is usually stunted and may contain berries. Date palms (Phonix sylvestris) abound besides some sprinkling of larger deciduous trees depending on local rainfall and soil conditions.
There is a strong likelihood that most of the present day-dry tropical forest areas must have maintained deciduous forests during the Pleistocene. The increasing aridity off Holocene with the ever-increasing human interference in the recent years has pushed this climatic regime to almost the entire inland areas along the tropic of cancer.
Besides these four main climatic regimes, India maintains a typical desert region to the west of the Aravallis which receives less than 25 cm rain-fall per annum. At high altitudes, several special and characteristic eco-regimes seem to develop along the Himalayas. Finally the biggest drainage of the Ganga-Jamuna trough develops its own climatic regime based on the extremes of the seasons and the monsoon.
Much of the identified eco-zones are fast changing because of a combination of several factors but the occurrence of such species as Rhinoceros within the sand dunes of northern Gujarat and Hippopotamus from almost all river deposits in both central and western Indian only indicate that the tropical wet evergreen forest which is found today in areas of more than 250 cm annual rain fall must have covered most of the coastal regions of India during the early and mid-Pleistocene.
Human colonization of these areas would, therefore, seem not very likely. It is only in the other two varieties, i.e., tropical moist semi-evergreen and deciduous forest regions that human occupations must have occurred. The amount of human cultural debris found from the heart of the desert, in both, the Indian and Pakistan part of it, also tends to indicate that much of the northern part of the desert had maintained a dry tropical forest, if not actually a deciduous forest regime, in certain places.
Climatic reconstruction of the desert, in recent years, has attracted so much attention from the experts that one can almost reconstruct the climatic fluctuations of the area with accurate dates for at least the last 20,000 years. For the rest of the Pleistocene, however, it has to be based on such chance finds of faunal remains as the rhinoceros shoulder blade from Mehsana district, Gujarat.
Towards a Regional Perspective:
Earlier we have seen the how and the why of the existence of diverse climatic regimes in India. While most of the peninsular region remains essentially tropical the rest of the country is governed by a number of seasons of which summer, monsoon and winter are the dominant ones.
The Himalayas, covering almost the entire northern Boundary, and its two axial chains, viz., Sulaiman in the west and Patkai in the east, forms a fairly good barrier for the country from the Siberian cold winds. The height of the Himalayas being almost of the same level as the westerly currents, a predictable monsoon for the country is almost assured by the giant mountain maintaining the line of Inter-Tropical Discontinuity constantly to the south of the mountains.
It is a common experience for anybody who visits India to see this diversity and almost accept this landmass as a conglomerate of several entirely ‘different worlds’ which are merely wrapped up together with a common history. It will not be quite illogical, therefore, to conceive India as forming distinct culture areas with almost insular boundaries.
Subbarao (1958) had already attempted this using the then available archaeological data. He could quite successfully demonstrate ‘areas of attraction’, ‘areas of relative isolation’, ‘areas penetrated recently’ and the like. It is not surprising that all the large river valleys like Indus, Ganges, Godavari and Krishna have been shown as areas of attraction or “nuclear zones”.
Obviously the perspective chosen is from the standpoint of early cultivators. Most of Narmada, Sone and Mahanadi or Burhabalang in this sense have been considered as areas of isolation in the light of the Neolithic sites known till then. Today, we have Navdatoli near Narmada and Kuchai near Burhabalang – both demonstrative of a farming community settlement.
Further, what has been counted as nuclear zone may not have been really an area of that big an attraction for early hunter – gathers? In fact we have reasons to believe that the rocky or hilly areas maintaining deciduous forests with less than 200 cm annual rainfall may have been the most likely areas of attraction for the Lower Palaeolithic populations.
One of the richest caches of Palaeolithic concentration from India lies in the area which includes Narmada, the entire Chhotanagpur, northern Andhra and the Vindhyan segment of Uttar Pradesh. Areas of Palaeolithic occurrence outside this region are basically different in their character, and in great likelihood, also in origin.
The adaptations chosen in these extra-nuclear zones for Palaeoliths and hence also their cultures are bound to be quite different from the majority already found. Thus, although the very character of India would seem to tempt one to a regional approach, yet such an approach may temporally be a failure.
Pleistocene Chronology:
No study was specifically undertaken in India to construct a Pleistocene chronology applicable to the whole country till 1935 when the Yale-Cambridge expedition arrived. The detail study of the Kashmir and Potwar region, by the team led by De Terra and Paterson, helped to extend the already identified Siwalik succession into Pleistocene.
De Terra and Paterson demonstrated a series of degradation and aggradation in the river Sohan near Rawalpindi and argued that the Potwar Lake was forming during the entire Lower Pleistocene. During the early Middle Pleistocene the lake got filled and drained out because of the tilting of the land and over this laccustrine deposit the river Sohan started flowing – thus depositing the freshly brought glacio-fluvial material on top of it.
They could also demonstrate that the Villafranchian horse Equus hysudricus which was found in direct association with the first Himalayan glaciation at Malshahibagh Karewa in Kashmir was also found in Tatrot – the penultimate deposition of the lake. Thus, all the other subsequent geological events could be conveniently arranged within the fourfold Alpine glaciation scheme.
The following details put it in simpler manner:
1. Northwest Punjab or Potwar was demonstrated by early geologists working there as being formed through the building of seven laccustrine units. These geologists named the deposits and gave them tentative Quaternary names on the basis of comparable faunal groups identified in them. These deposits together were termed as ‘Siwalik succession’, with three sub-divisions, shown, for convenience.
De Terra and Pater son could first demonstrate that the Tertiary fauna ends with Dhok Pathan and, secondly, in Pinjaur occurs the first Villafranchian fauna which, in a contiguous region in Kashmir, is also found directly associated with the episode of the 1st Himalayan glaciation.
2. The entire succession in the rest of the Pleistocene period is recorded in the form of a series of terraces caused by a number of earthquakes. The deposits which were older and once formed the surface of the terrain, thus, got pushed up and the river Sohan cut a bed in the lower level to deposit its new, and hence younger, material there.
These terraces are named by their position from the top. The original bed which marks the first descent of the river is called TD and is composed of huge boulders found almost in the form of a conglomerate. This bed is now shifted to almost 147 meters above the present course of the river.
Between this first episode and the present level of the river there are five more terraces and they are named serially. De Terra could demonstrate these with the succession of Pleistocene climatic episodes. Thus, if Tatrot represented the first glaciation, Pinjaur must be co-eval with first Interglaciation, TD – IInd Glaciation, T1 = II Interglaciation and so on, as shown below.
Although this was a mere transplantation of European chronometric model to India, one cannot deny that as a pioneering work De Terra and Paterson’s geological study in Punjab and Kashmir provided Indian archaeologists with a firm time-frame for the first time on fairly logical grounds.
De Terra and Paterson realized that they are dealing with essentially a tropical country and hence a chronology tied down with glacial events cannot be applicable to the whole country. It is perhaps with this idea that they surveyed the Narmada and identified parallel alluvial deposits for all the six terraces of Punjab. They argued that Narmada was not born during the Lower Pleistocene stage (comparable to Tatrot and Pinjaur in Potwar).
Excessive leaching of the base rock occurred during this period and caused the formation of a specific eroded rock type called laterites. Thus, corresponding to Tatrot they identified a fine film off homogeneous clay called mottled clay which is laid down by the meandering water flow.
That this chronology was not applicable to quite a number of specific instances, is clear from the fact that no sooner Mortimer Wheeler took up the helm of the Archaeological Survey of India he invited Fredrick Zeuner, a Quaternary geologist at London School, to India to provide a Pleistocene chronology for India.
The first Gujarat Archaeological Expedition was thus undertaken in 1944 with Zeuner and Sankalia as the main experts. The team surveyed almost all the rivers in Gujarat and demonstrated that most of these recorded only two gravel beds. That is, unlike the five Pleistocene deposits demonstrated at Potwar and Narmada, only two wet phases are seen in other rivers.
In other words, the oldest deposit in these rivers has to be accepted as belonging to the third glacial phase of the temperate chronology. Since then several discoveries in many areas have grossly changed the Pleistocene chronology established in the forties. We shall briefly look into these evidences before finally modifying the available chronometer.
1. A third gravel was identified at Belan in UP. It had not only yielded different cultural material than the preceding gravel but also provided a C-14 date of 23840 ± 830 B.C.
2. The oldest C-14 date recorded from the second gravel at Mula Dam is > 39000 B.C. (Dattawadi).
3. In a recent restudy of the Himalayan geology it was found that a thick moraine descended up to Potwar around 1.9 million years ago. Apparently this conglomerate had been identified as the TD terrace by De Terra and Paterson.
4. Near Saurastra a single Lower Palaeolith was found buried under a miliolite deposit which could be indirectly dated to 120,000 B.P. Thus, the Palaeolith could apparently be dated from earlier than 120,000 B.P.
All these evidences put together would seem to indicate that taking the whole of India together the broad period of occurrence of the three conventional stages of Palaeolithic past are as follows:
Lower Palaeolithic Culture – 1 million year in Punjab to 39,000 B.C. in the Deccan.
Middle Palaeolithic Culture – 39,000 B.C. to 23,000 B.C.
Upper Palaeolithic Culture – 23,000 B.C. to 10,000 B.C.
Possehl (1975), who had critically examined the faunal and tool typological features of the sites known till then, felt that “The entrance of man into the sub-continent as it has been documented so far, was comparatively late, being in the third interglacial or Upper Pleistocene”.
It would seem, in the light of the above evidences that he may be correct for some parts of India, but surely the antecedents of man in this country can be pushed to well within Middle Pleistocene in some other parts, especially in the valleys of the north western region of India.
The finding of the Homo erectus from Narmada would also indicate a greater antiquity of man’s presence in this zone than what the faunal and geological evidences would indicate. This is on the assumption that an archaic erectus has to be pre-existing in this area in order to give rise to the advanced form discovered there. For most of the other evidences of what we call as Acheulian from India, Possehl may be broadly correct.
Acheulian in India must have flourished between 100,000 to as late as 50,000 years before present. This is a time bracket in which most of Europe, excluding perhaps only the Mousterian zone in south west France, continues with a well-developed upper Acheulian form. In Africa as well, the Acheulian continues till this date at many sites.
Born and raised in New York City, Kermit Clifford King came to Kansas in 1933 to attend school at Kansas State Teachers College of Pittsburg. In the sport of track and field, King never lost a long jump competition in 30 meets, never lost an event in dual meets or in a conference meet where he won 11 consecutive individual titles.
King just missed qualifying for the 1936 Olympic Team when the sixth and final jump by a competitor knocked him from a qualifying position. He was the USA champion and ranked second in the world behind Jesse Owens in 1937. King also won the NCAA title in 1937, as well as AAU and Pan American titles. He still holds the long jump record of 25-10 ½ at Pittsburg State.
After making his mark at Pittsburg State as an athlete, King went on to a distinguished international career in higher education. The PSU Meritorious Achievement Award was presented posthumously to him in 2003.9 people from Ottawa area appointed to Order of Canada
Governor General's office announced recipients Friday:
Companions of the Order of Canada:
- Thomas Cromwell — For his illustrious service as a Supreme Court justice, and for his leadership in improving access to justice for all Canadians.
Officers of the Order of Canada:
-.
Members of the Order of Canada:
-.Fun and Games Thorns Green
Looking to hire party games in Thorns Green? Find giant garden games, fun casinos, sumo suits, table football and more.
70 Fun and Games hire companies near Thorns Green
Get Quotes from fun and games hire companies near Thorns Green
Fill out our simple form and receive personalised quotes from Thorns Thorns Green
Contact them all with a single requestWest Sumatra, Carocok Beach
Carocok beach is located adjacent to the western town of Painan, located approximately 2 miles from the market Painan. The beach is very famous in western Sumatra and Indonesia, some people compare the beauty of this beach with beach peninsula kra in malaysia.
In the coastal area attractions Carocok Painan also there is a rock island that is connected with the tip of the hill Langkisau, namely Kareta stone island. Kareta first stone island can only be achieved when the tide receded, but since the construction of the bridge by the local government, then it can be achieved at any time.
It’s not just about 200 meters to the west coast Carocok have a small, historic island, the island cingkuk. On this island we can find traces of the ruins of the Portuguese fort. According to the history of Portuguese menjejakan first foot on the coast of Sumatra island is the island this cingkuk.
In addition to the Portuguese fort on the island there is also a tomb of the existing Portuguese inscriptions. The small island of white sand and the water is very clean and very quiet is very crowded by people to travel especially during holidays. Various activities can be done in this cingkuk island from sea water bathing, diving to fishing can be done here.
To reach the island is not difficult, you simply stand at the end of the bridge Carocok Painan beach resort located in front of cingkuk island, some outboard engined boat builders will come to you, offering his services to deliver you to the island Cingkuk.cukup cost 5,000, – per person.
Back to the beach Carocok painan.saat the most beautiful on the beach at sunset, Carocok Painan is going tengelam, orange sunset panorama that bounced over the surface of the ocean is very nice Indonesia witnessed here.
To reach the beach location Carocok is not very difficult, from the desert, the provincial capital of West Sumatra town of Painan you go, the capital of the southern coastal districts. Arriving at the town of Painan you go west of the city or Carocok then you are greeted by the gate Carocok Painan beach.
Problem Painan place to stay in the city available few guesthouses, as well as a place to eat. So you do not have to worry about when visiting Painan.
Source: efnidewita.blogspot.comThe Big Short: The Moneyball of finance cinema
Jaap Buitendijk / Paramount
And not just because it's also based on a Michael Lewis joint.
My impatience with tin-eared fiscal "thrillers" is well-documented, so while I had some hope for The Big Short going in, I tried to keep it in check. Yes, it's based on a book by Michael Lewis, who knows his shit, but that doesn't always translate. Having now seen two Lewis adaptations that do work, my theory is that it's the tone; you have to come at it as a comedy, or at least a light caper.
TBS's amazing cast helps — Magnussen! Wittrock! Linklater! Carell, overdoing it slightly but still compelling! — but I think it's primarily the use of a comedy director (Anchorman's Adam McKay) and the willingness not to take Wall Street's self-importance at face value that makes the difference. Most of us don't need the preening I'm-rich-because-I'm-rightness of these dudes (and sometimes ladies, but: usually dudes) underlined; if you're old enough to see this film, you remember 2008, and you get it. What you might not get on the granular level is how the collapse came about, and McKay's script is a very smart way to handle a subject that's tough to make go in a visual medium, especially when 1) the explanation isn't necessarily given visually, which makes it more challenging to follow; and 2) we already know the ending.
It's done elegantly and with wit, versus the dour self-righteousness so common to this subgenre when the films are helmed by people who haven't spent any time in this world and think they have to make sure we know they capital-D Disapprove. At over two hours long, it feels much shorter, which is a major accomplishment for a fiscal-shenanigans flick. Recommend!
Tags: Adam McKay Anchorman Billy Magnussen Finn Wittrock Hamish Linklater John Magaro Michael Lewis movies Steve Carell The Big Short The Blind Side
I also liked the movie, even though I still don't understand Gosling's makeover. Why the brick-colored foundation? It's not like the guy he played is famous enough that we'd be mad at somebody playing him who didn't look like him, and they didn't even give him the real guy's real name!
But you're right. The pacing is aces, and the tone is just right.
I just saw The Big Short over the weekend myself, and I liked it a lot (although I didn't love the Margot-Robbie-in-the-bathtub scene as much as everyone else apparently did?). I think it did a good job at the end of demonstrating the real human cost of the collapse without being too heavy-handed about it – as you said, if we're watching the movie, we remember what happened. At the same time, seeing the family living out of their car in the gas station parking lot was very effective, and seeing Schmidt and his bro at the employment expo was satisfying but still sad.
The other thing that I think it did really well is make it clear that, while it's absolutely upsetting that our main characters were profiting from this disaster, there really was nothing they could have done to prevent it – they saw it coming, but no one would listen to them. If there's an opposite of the boy who cried wolf, but who's still kind of a dick, it's these guys.
(Also, brief nod to the Again With This podcast – I loved the character who was chewing gum throughout the film. That's how you do it, Priestley.)
While I liked the movie and the book, I had the same problem with both. Way, WAY too easy on the people who got these mortgages. Yes, there was predatory lending. Yes, very educated rich people ruthlessly exploited poor and less educated people to make themselves richer.
However, there was also a complete lack of common sense on the part of those poor people. We the audience are supposed to sympathize with the stripper who thinks she can and should own five houses and a condo? That evil Max Greenfield and Billy Magnussen were taking advantage of her? There was another story in the book, I remember something a guy mortgaging a trailer for five times it's value or something like that. I know I sound like a Republican (shudder) but honestly…
Sure I'm infuriated at the bankers, the CEOs who knew nothing about what their own companies were doing, the criminally negligent rating agents, etc., etc. and I want them tarred and feathered. But I also have seen no greater argument that every American high school student should be required to complete a course in basic personal finance to graduate.
"there was also a complete lack of common sense on the part of those poor people."
Right. Those poor people who paid money to the finance guys that said "here's the deal you should do, you get a nice big house and you won't have to pay a lot for it". And those poor people thought "Maybe I don't understand everything about this deal, but I figure he understands the deal and whether I ought to take it, and I am paying him to give me good advice."
I can't exactly blame people who went to the experts and did what the experts said. If every banker in the universe had been saying "FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, DO NOT DO THIS DEAL" and the person did it anyway, that's one thing. But as late as 2007 mortgage people were still trying to sell me on 100%-financed 5/1 ARMs.LAKE CITY, Fla. - Police say a bicyclist accused of possessing drugs and a gun was arrested Wednesday after a short foot chase.
Just before 9 p.m. Wednesday, Lake City officers attempted to conduct a stop of a bicycle on Northwest Martin Luther King Street for not utilizing a head- or tail-lamp at night, as required by Florida Law.
The bicyclist, later identified by police as 21-year-old Demetreous Springs, turned back, looked at the patrol vehicle and then made a turn onto Northwest Mississippi Way, police said.
Police said Springs then jumped off the bicycle and took off running, eventually removing a black object from his pocket.
Afterwards, police said the officer drew his department issued sidearm and ordered Springs to the ground, at which time he did.
As backup arrived at the scene, police said a black Berretta 9mm handgun was found underneath Springs as he was lifted from the ground after being handcuffed.
Authorities said the gun was cleared and was found to have been loaded with 12 rounds of ammunition in the magazine and ready to fire with one in the chamber. A closer inspection of the firearm revealed the serial numbers had been filed off, police said.
A warrants check was run on Springs and police said he is a convicted felon. While searching Springs' incident to arrest, police said 11 small plastic baggies containing marijuana were found, along with $120 cash.
Police said Springs was arrested, transported and booked at the Columbia County Detention Center on $63,000 bond for resisting officer without violence, carrying a concealed firearm, possession of firearm by convicted felon, possession of less than 20 grams marijuana, possession of marijuana with intent to sell or deliver, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of firearm while in commission of a felony crime, possession of firearm with an altered/defaced serial number, and dealing in stolen property.
Copyright 2013 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.>> United Kingdom
Prince William warns that there are too many people in the world
><<
News Link • Science, Medicine and Technology
30 Million Dead: Bill Gates Sees a Genetically Engineered Bioweapon Triggering ... - InternationalGLADA/Honda
The Jefferson GLADA/Honda program prepares students to be certified technicians. Graduates will have skills that are in-demand and have the opportunity to take their careers beyond the technician level. Students work with the latest technology, tools and equipment and graduate with industry certifications. Jefferson GLADA/Honda graduates excel in high-paying careers working on some of the leading vehicles and latest technology.
GLADA/Honda requires:
- A two-year commitment to training
- Candidate interview, program visit, and college assessment
- Internships (students alternate 8 weeks in classroom/lab and 8 weeks at a dealership)
- Must pass ASE tests
Applying For Admission and Getting Started:
- The first step to enrolling to the Jefferson GLADA/Honda program is to fill out an online application.
- After completing the college application, contact GLADA program coordinators.
Jefferson GLADA/Honda program contact information:
- Steve Frame - 502-213-4508
- Sam Houston - 502-213-4134Imagine a world in which you could predict the future. You might place a bet on the winner of a future AFL premiership, or know exactly which day to go fishing next month. Sounds great, doesn’t it?
Unfortunately, we can’t predict AFL premiers using any science, but for one of WA’s most loved fishing targets, the Western Rock Lobster (or ‘crays’), decades of data has shown that science can predict abundances of crays up to four years in advance! And if that’s not exciting enough, the 2017/18 is predicted to be one of the best years in over a decade!
During Spring and Summer, each year cray larvae known as ‘puerulus’ are pushed inshore by wind and currents where they settle on nearshore reefs.
Research shows that these crays take four years to reach the legal length of 76mm. Fisheries researchers assess the abundance of puerulus across the new moon period each month by monitoring purpose built puerulus collectors at four locations along the West Coast and Abrolhos Islands.
A cray puerulus collector (pictured right), what looks like bottlebrushes or a mop is actually artificial seagrass. Late larval phase crays use the collectors for habitat and provide long-term population/breeding stock information for fishers and fisheries managers.
High settlement has always shown a strong correlation with catches of crays three and four years later and the 2013 settlement numbers (Figure 1 below) were some of the highest in recent times; in fact the highest since the early 2000’s.
What Does This All Mean for My Fishing?
Added to this excellent rate of juvenile settlement, is the fact that numbers of adult crays are also at an extremely high level, due mainly to neither the commercial or recreational fishing sectors catching their annual allocation in recent times – meaning more crays are being left in the water each year!
Reports from divers indicate that crays are already stacked up in fantastic numbers in nearshore reef platforms along the coast. These high abundances will make for excellent fishing experiences over this Summer.
If you are thinking of trying for crays for the first time, there has never been a better opportunity. There’s plenty of information available on our other website
Divers should do well as soon as the season opens, but the potters will have to be patient as the traditional ‘whites’ run won’t kick off until late November. Once it cranks up though, the fishing will be superb, with many boats traditionally reporting catching their boat limit most days during this migration period.
Recent clarification of diving rules will make for a much more enjoyable fishing experience. To see what’s changed, click here.
Good luck chasing crays this season, we would love to hear how you go and see a few pics and videos, so feel free to email us on recfish@recfishwest.org.au or jump on our Facebook page and join the discussion.
Stay tuned for our November Broad Cast edition where we’ll take a closer look at the ‘Whites Run’ plus give you some handy tips and tricks on the best way to cook your crays plus much more!*You are currently watching or downloading Speed Racer Episode 40 online for free in english audio dubbed / english subtitles at Englishanimes.com. Best site for streaming anime, cartoon and animated movies !!!
*Speed Racer Episode 40 is provided and hosted from a popular third party video sharing website like Vidcrazy, Uploadcrazy, Mp4star, Racer 40 dub, streaming online, watch Array Episode 40 english dubbed, free download Speed Racer Ep 40 dub, eng dubbedBusiness Directory Search35 B&B members within 15 miles of the Five Colleges.412 Main StChesterfield, MA 01012
From feasibility studies and capital campaigns to development audits, grants programs and annual fund drives, FDA Is a professional, cost-effective vehicle for securing critical philanthropic funding.49 S. Pleasant St., 2nd Flr.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 253-4988
Dependable representation when you need it most.30 Boltwood WalkFront 101Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 253-0239
We're more than just experts in tires ? we're the complete package for auto repair.336 Russell St.Hadley, MA 01035
- (413) 256-8429
Library Friends are volunteers united by a common cause: to make Jones, North Amherst, and Munson Libraries the best they can be. We raise money to buy books and sponsor education and growth program.43 Amity St.Amherst, MA 01002Florence Bank is here for you, your family, your business and the community. So go ahead, you live your life and let us serve as your bank for life.85 Main St.Florence, MA 01062Our mission is to shape, nurture and sustain a regional workforce development system that promotes the economic well-being of business and workers.One Arch PlaceGreenfield, MA 01301
- (413) 341-1707
Family Outreach of Amherst supports and assists the most vulnerable members of our community by working with struggling families.401 Main St., Ste. 12Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 773-1835
A consortium of five campuses, 2,200 faculty members and 30,000 students in western Massachusetts.97 Spring St.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 549-5548
Specializing in socially responsible, sustainable design solutions for net zero energy homes, educational facilities, commercial buildings, institutional deep energy retrofits & cohousing communities.110 Pulpit Hill Rd.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 542-4000
The mission of Friends of Amherst Recreation, Inc. (FAR) is to bring together persons who are interested in maintaining a high level and high quality of diverse recreational opportunities in the Amherst area.70 Boltwood WalkAmherst, MA 01002
- (413) 549-5799
The staff at FHCC works together to counsel, train, and educate its customers on current methods and processes to follow when searching, applying, and securing employment.178 Industrial Dr.Northampton, MA 01060
- (413) 259-3138
- (413) 256-6506The Vocationist Fathers has its main charism as “identifying and fostering vocations to the priesthood and religious life, especially among the less privileged”. The Vocationists work in Vocationaries (considered as their most characteristic work and most special and primary field of action), parishes, schools, and missions. Currently, the Society of Divine Vocations in her missionary spirit serves the people of God in Italy, Brazil, U.S.A., Argentina, Nigeria, Philippines, India, Madagascar, Colombia, Ecuador, Indonesia, United Kingdom, and Chile.
The Society of Divine Vocation is a religious institute of Pontifical Right. They live in communities and profess the three evangelical counsels of Poverty, Chastity, and Obedience while majoring the work of Vocation. The Vocationist Fathers believe themselves to be specially called by God as vocation experts, counselors and midwives in the Church. Their work is to help people discern properly and answer the call of God in their lives.
By the reality of their vocation-oriented charism, a “Vocationist”, a name given to them by our founder, Blessed Fr. Justin Russolillo, and coined from the word “Vocation”, is one who has an exceptional love for vocation, one who is a specialist in caring for vocations, one who dedicates his life to vocations, and one who is committed to working and praying for vocations. According to Fr. Justin, other religious institutes wait for vocations and welcome them, while the Vocationists, personally and purposely, go out searching for them, especially through their catechetical schools and other apostolates. In other words, their activities are highly riveted on matters of vocation and in all, their immediate objective, though not their goal, is to see people being guided to properly discern their vocations and being helped to realize them by responding appropriately to God’s call in their lives. Their ultimate goal is to help all attain the Divine Union with the Blessed Trinity by means of universal sanctification of all souls.Which two alterations will improve the readability of this business letter? a. using single-line spacing in the body of the letter b. using a different font for the body of the letter c. indenting the paragraphs d. using double-line spacing between paragraphs e. dividing the body into two or three paragraphs d and e b and d b and e b and cConvenience Concepts Designs2go Espresso 3 Cabinet Lcd/led Tv Stand
This item has been shown 0 times.
Convenience Concepts Designs2go Espresso 3 Cabinet Lcd/led Tv Stand:
$89
VMInnovations
- Mobile Electronics
- Home Electronics
- Sports & Outdoors
- Toys & Baby
- For Your Home
Designs2Go Espresso TV Stand with Three Cabinets
The Designs2Go Espresso TV Stand from Convenience Concepts is the perfect contemporary addition to any home. The solid construction provides durability and quality for years of enjoyment. Complete with three cabinets with doors and a large open shelving space, the Designs2Go Tribeca TV Stand provides ample storing options while keeping your equipment out of sight and appearance clean.
Fits most flat screen TV's up to 50"
- The contemporary style of this unit is an easy way to add sophistication to your home
- Attractive espresso wood-grain laminate
- Three solid opaque doors help to conceal components for a clean appearance
- Large open shelving great for DVR's and DVD players
- Easy Assembly
- Contemporary stainless steel clad poles
- All hardware included
- Fits most flat screen TV's up to 50"
- Weight limit: 85 lbs
- Product Dimensions: 20.5" (H) x 17.75" (L) x 47.25" (W)
- Product Weight: 50 lbs
- Part #: 151202E
- Manufacturer Part #: R5-130
- Warranty: 90-Day Convenience Concepts Limited Warranty covers replacement of parts that are defective in manufacturer material or workmanship
This Item Ships To: Continental 48 US $0.00
- This item can only be shipped within the continental United States, no exceptions.
-
Convenience Concepts Designs2go Espresso 3 Cabinet Lcd/led Tv Stand:
$89
We Furniture Az52c4ctwt Wood Console Table, Walnut, New
American Drew Cherry Entertainment Center
Simpli Home Cosmopolitan Solid Wood Wide Tv Media Stand 72" Coffee Brown
Fitueyes Universal Tv Stand/ Base Tabletop Tv Stand With Mount For Up To 55 Inc
Furinno 13054bk/bk Econ Entertainment Center With Storage Bins, Black
Z-line Designs Black Glossy Integrated Mount Entertainment Center
The Pedicord Apts., a mixed-media artwork at the Weisman Art Museum
Photo courtesy of Edward Kienholz and Nancy Reddin Kienholz, Pedicord Apts.
Inside the giant cubist sculpture that is the Weisman Art Museum sits a quieter but no less audacious 3D work called The Pedicord Apts. The mixed-media installation announces itself with paneled exterior walls, a black rubber doormat, and an open door leading into a lobby. Above the entrance, the words “Pedicord Apts.” appear on a marquee in fat red letters. On the right side of the sign, in the same blocky sans serif, is the number 36. To the uninitiated, this scene creates a Lucy-and-the-wardrobe-type dilemma: Do you dare cross the threshold? We recommend it, though what’s inside is a far cry from Narnia.
Step through the entryway and note the fireplace and mirror, the standalone ashtray with real cigarette butts, the fake plant, the worn carpet, and the general air of decay, made all the more authentic by the room’s musty tobacco smell. Anyone with firsthand experience of crappy apartment buildings will feel this part of the ride in their gut.
The bad vibes build as you enter a dimly lit hallway with three doors on each side and a window at the end. Here, the outside gallery disappears from view and you find yourself in what could pass for a set from a David Lynch film. Like Lynch’s surrealist fiction, The Pedicord Apts. projects a funhouse take on reality. As you near the window, the hall narrows and the ceiling lowers, creating the illusion that the space is longer than it actually is. The doors don’t open, but lean into any one of them and you trigger a recording that plays behind the wall. In unit A, there’s a game show on TV. In D, a woman is crying (or is she laughing?). In E, a domestic fight unfolds (“Wash the goddamn dish!” yells a man). And so on.
At this point, if the conceptual voodoo is working, you become both voyeur and vandal (you’re standing on art, after all). You don’t enjoy the work as much as you feel implicated by it. Which is pretty exciting.
The raw power of The Pedicord Apts. comes from the fact that its creators—the late Edward Kienholz and his life/artistic partner Nancy—built it from the scraps of a derelict residential hotel in Spokane, Washington, that was demolished in a moment of late-’70s urban renewal. Rather than faithfully recreate a lobby and hallway from the hotel, the artists designed an imaginary surrogate—a memorial for the forgotten flophouses of the world. As a result, the immersive environment pulls off the nifty trick of existing in and out of time.
Completed in 1983, The Pedicord Apts. remains a relevant statement on urban blight and gentrification, topics our cities know a thing or two about. It’s not a public-facing powerhouse like Claes Oldenburg’s Spoonbridge and Cherry, but it’s as important, notes WAM senior curator Diane Mullin. “In an art 101 class, you’d hear about Oldenburg and Ed Kienholz in the same breath,” she says, adding that the installation is a visitor favorite, especially among school groups. “Kids touch it, which our registrars don’t love, but that’s what makes it so compelling—you can go in it.”
Though lauded by viewers and critics, the work’s interactive qualities create unique preservation challenges. When WAM closed for a year during its 2010-2011 expansion phase, it replaced badly worn carpeting throughout The Pedicord Apts. This seems like a funny thing to do to an artwork meant to mimic a run-down building, but, as Mullin once wrote, the Kienholzes desired a “proper level of dilapidation.” To break in the new carpet, the museum had kids tromp on it in their dirty winter boots.
Reached by phone from her home in Houston, Nancy Kienholz says she doesn’t remember much about that restoration but recalls that late WAM founder Frederick R. Weisman bought the work because it reminded him of places he had lived when he was young. “I also remember that the recording of the couple fighting was hard to make because our actors kept breaking out in actual fights and couldn’t get through the script,” she says. Nancy doesn’t think about The Pedicord Apts. much these days. “You kind of let some of the work go after awhile.” Luckily, that dusty old apartment building found a loyal super in the Weisman. Weisman Art Museum, 333 River Pkwy. E., Mpls., 612-625-9494, weisman.umn.edu
Two Other Works Worth Another Look
Curator’s Office
2012-2013, Mark Dion, Minneapolis Institute of Art
Your average installation inspired by the 1950s office of a fictional curator. It’s as mysterious as it sounds.
Bell Museum Dioramas
Dioramas are art, too—especially those painted by 20th-century master Francis Lee Jaques, whose work appears at museums around the world, including the Bell.
<< Return to Secret Spots to Explore
<< Return to Hidden Twin CitiesSo I do what I always do. Throw shit that I have together and pray to Zeus it works. It did!
Berka's Whole Life Hot Cocoa
• Microwave 6oz of pure almond milk in a mug for 2:45 on medium-high power. I used Califa Farms brand, found in the produce section of Jewel next to the Naked Juice.
• Slowly stir in roughly:
- 1 T cocoa powder
- 1 T cinnamon
- A pinch of stevia
- A drop of organic vanilla extract
If you have come to this post looking for paleo recipes, surely you understand this is no Ghirardelli substitute. But it is a sweet, chocolatey beverage to warm a cool night.Nobia to close plant in Finland
Nobia has today decided to concentrate its production in the Finnish business unit Novart to the plant in Nastola. This means that the plant in Forssa will be closed. In addition, a decision has been made to reduce the number of personnel in other functions. In total, this means that up to 152 employees (131 workers and 21 salaried employees) will be laid off. The business unit currently has approximately 520 employees.
The decline in construction of residential properties in 2008 has markedly reduced Novart's order bookings and has resulted in a decrease in its order backlog. In light of this, Novart convened statutory co-operation procedure talks about six weeks ago. These negotiations, which encompassed all employees, were concluded on 24 October.
Due to the additional production in Nastola, Novart expects to be able offer job opportunities, in addition to existing personnel, to approximately 40-60 workers and 4-6 salaried employees at that plant. Those who have been issued notice of termination will have priority for these positions.
Furthermore, Novart has decided to implement lay-offs for fixed periods of time that will affect all other personnel.
The personnel reductions will take place between November 2008 and June 2009. These changes will not affect customer deliveries or customer relations.
Nobia AB
30 October 2008
For further information, contact
Preben Bager, President and CEO or
Ingrid Yllmark, Director Communications & IR, tel. +46 8 440 16 00 or +46 708 65 59 00
Jorma Lehtovuori, Business Unit Manager Novart, tel. + 358 400 352 174
Nobia is a Group of about twenty strong kitchen brands. Sales of complete kitchen solutions are conducted mainly in Europe through various channels, such as nearly 700 specialised kitchen studios, other retailers and B2B customers, as well as directly to the construction sector. Annual net sales total approximately SEK 16 billion and the Group employs about 8,000 people. The Nobia share is listed on the OMX Nordic Exchange in Stockholm, short name NOBI.PICEANCE CREEK — The frenzied cows circled recklessly in a dust cloud, desperately searching for their missing calves amid a tangled maze of sagebrush on a mountain slope.
Their high-pitched wails were like nothing Susan Robinson had ever heard in five decades of working her mountain ranch in Rio Blanco County, and the pitiful bellowing left her frightened and nauseous.
Boot prints in the dirt told her what she had already suspected: Someone had stampeded her prime Black Angus cattle through a barbed-wire fence, driving them away from windmill-fed water holes and leaving them parched, injured and separated.
It was the latest in a series of what Robinson considers cruel provocations aimed at forcing her and her livestock off land the family has ranched for more than a century.
The Robinsons have used barbed wire, guns and gumption to protect their land and livestock since the early 1910s, when Joseph Robinson drove thousands of sheep from Paraguna, Utah, to Rifle. They survived the sheep and cattle wars, the Depression and countless trespassers.
But now the family faces a new adversary, one with deep pockets, a high-powered Denver law firm and a determination to explore and drill beneath the pastureland.
CONTINUE READING.....Air Jordan 4 (IV) Retro Fire Red
Among the many biggest selling shoes, the Air Jordan 4 (IV) Retro Fire Red is loved by some of the most basketball enthusiasts.Jordan 6 Retro are designed with perforated leather upper and Durabuck which enhance the durability combined with snug fit for the footwear.Air Jordan 4 (IV) dont just provide excellent functionality within the movement to the toes,and also great appearances.Keeping the top court performance, these footwear stand out in the toes with a stylish style, allowing you be different on or off the basketball court.
Other Air Jordan 4 (IV)
$180.00 $88.00
$170.00 $82.00
$170.00 $82.00
$180.00 $89.00
$170.00 $81.00One excellent way to stay informed and inspired is to listen to podcasts. Even those of us with busy lifestyles can find the time to listen to a podcast or two, as listening to audio is a great way to pass the time while commuting, exercising, relaxing, washing dishes, and doing other activities that don’t require your undivided attention. (It's best not to have earbuds in while walking, running, biking, or driving on the road, though!) And, unlike when you’re browsing the web, when you’re listening to podcasts you don’t have to worry about getting distracted by annoying comments or accidentally seeing graphic photos of animals on factory farms.
I’ve been listening to several animal rights/vegan podcasts lately. Here are my top 3 favourites:
1) Food for Thought Podcast with Colleen Patrick-Goudreau.
I could write a whole article about Colleen Patrick-Goudreau, but in short, Colleen is a vegan advocate who promotes joyful vegan living and compassionate communication. Her podcast, Food for Thought, focuses on a different topic to do with animal rights and/or veganism in each episode. Examples of podcast episode titles include “Traveling to Africa: Planning and Preparing for a Dream Trip” (this was an exciting one), “Advocacy and Adaptation: Fitting In and Living Joyfully in a Non-Vegan World”, and “Animal Word Origins”.
Although of course I don’t agree with everything Colleen says, I do love her message of unapologetic and compassionate vegan living. I’ve listened to about 25 of her podcast episodes so far. They are inspiring and informative!
In addition to creating her own podcast, Colleen also makes videos, writes books and articles, gives speeches, and more! Her podcast and other materials can be found on her website at
I'd recommend Food for Thought if you are looking for: information, advice, and inspiration to help you lead a joyful, compassionate, and unapologetic vegan activist lifestyle.
I'd recommend Food for Thought if you are looking for: information, advice, and inspiration to help you lead a joyful, compassionate, and unapologetic vegan activist lifestyle.
2) The Vegan Option with Ian McDonald.
The Vegan Option is a documentary-style podcast hosted by Ian McDonald. The episodes are so fascinating—and sound so professional—that they are definitely worth a listen! Examples of episodes include the “Vegetarianism: The Story So Far” series (about the history of vegetarianism—it’s very interesting), “Science Fiction and Animals” (which includes a funny Doctor Who parody audio sketch), and the “Veganism in Politics” series (which I look forward to listening to soon). Find his podcast at.
I'd recommend The Vegan Option if you are looking for: compelling documentary stories and ideas about animals and veganism in society.
I'd recommend The Vegan Option if you are looking for: compelling documentary stories and ideas about animals and veganism in society.
3) Our Hen House Podcast with Jasmin Singer and Mariann Sullivan.
Our Hen House Podcast is a weekly podcast hosted by Jasmin Singer and Mariann Sullivan. The main section of each podcast includes interviews with various animal rights/vegan activists; there’s also an animal rights news segment and a “Rising Anxieties” segment about how the animal industries are taking notice of the animal rights movement. Each episode also includes some commentary and chit-chat. It reminds me of listening to the radio because it has lots of different sections to it. I don’t agree with all of their positions on certain subjects, but I usually really like listening to this podcast. And it provides plenty of inspiration to activists who are looking to do more to help animals. You can find the podcast at. They also have an "Animal Law" podcast and a "Teaching Jasmin How to Cook Vegan" podcast.
I'd recommend Our Hen House if you are looking: to keep updated on the latest goings-on in the animal rights world, and to be inspired to help animals by hearing about what other activists are doing.
I'd recommend Our Hen House if you are looking: to keep updated on the latest goings-on in the animal rights world, and to be inspired to help animals by hearing about what other activists are doing.
Just to let you know, I will be posting this post on my new blog, as well. Have a nice week!An enormous assortment of free of charge on-line movies and television-shows are offered on Fmovies.se. The contents are free to watch. All you would like for your information is definitely an e mail ID, but no costs. In case you are keen on motion and journey movies, This can be the place you must take a look at.
In case you don’t have speedy sufficient Online to stream movie online Then you really must take a look at these Finest free of charge Movie Download websites where you can obtain all your preferred movies free of charge.
Newest Hollywood releases, Animations, and Asian; Practically anything is offered in Vumoo. This can be the website you want to to go to again and again once again. About the landing web page, there a header with advised movie showcase and just under that, you'll find numerous other freshly released types.
IMDb's weekly show is right here that may help you dive further into the displays and movies you love and learn new types you will not manage to quit watching. "The IMDb Show" airs Thursdays on IMDb.com.
Gon Freecs, a young boy that life on a little island learns that his father who he doesn’t don't forget is an extremely popular person and happens to be relatively of a wonderful hunter. Gon can take the hunter Test to seek out his amazing father, but on just how whilst teaming up with 3 other candidates, Kurapica, Leorio, and Killua, he learns that there's more to starting to be a hunter as well as the issues that he will have to confront will probably be outside of his imaginations. Twelve-year-old Gon Freecss one day discovers which the fath...
Undoubtedly ….I agree & advise 123Movies.to for Both of those streaming & downloading the very latest sh!t. Ive tried or checked out all the above Internet websites and wo hesitation 123movies may be the shiiat.
This Web site is nice for modern movies with high quality..They preserve updating the backlinks...i love it..
Raoul Peck’s documentary works by using James Baldwin’s words and phrases to paint a portrait not only of the writer in his time, and also of your Concepts that stretch beyond his work into our possess troubled minute.
Fancy Pants 3 many thanks for your sharing. We truly feel very happy about that. It's also advisable to consider their very best online games with our absolutely free currently to find the feeling of fun that provides. Thanks!
Video clip good quality varies from High definition to decrease top quality, they may have stream For each and every one particular with and each interned pace. Yify.bz have certainly one of greatest Neighborhood, you can also make account and begin movie dialogue on their Discussion board or if you have some challenges working with their site you can constantly inquire them to assist you to.
Varda roams the French countryside, seeking out the remnants of the when-vibrant Operating-class custom. Considering a lot of the sorrows in her have past as well as precariousness of the ecu present, she retains gloom at bay along with her resilient faith in the power of art to preserve and grow human dignity. Each 2nd of the movie proves her right.
The net hype bordering these guys is a hundred% well deserved and when it comes to sheer web site style and design, usability and know-how they are click here just a head and shoulder above The remainder.This website also has excellent interface which movie streaming knowledge actually astounding and useful.
is the best resource for new movies listed here consumer can download or watch movies Online Totally free in first Prints
Moviewatcher is a great location to watch movies on the web totally free without any download .The website indexes much more than three hundred different video clip hosters for streaming backlinks and presents a straightforward strategy to stream movies online free of charge.
Links
Visitors
- 4 VisitorsWith so many types of early childhood education and care services out there, how do you know which is which? It can be confusing, to say the least. In this blog, I intend to shed a bit of light on the subject and clear up a bit of the confusion.
In my many years working in Long Day Care, Family Day Care and Pre-school, I have found that Long Day Care and Pre-school have a similar sort of environment with a few differences, whereas Family Day Care is entirely different. However, all three programs follow the same National Quality Standards, Early Years Learning Frameworks, and National Education and Care services regulations and laws.
Here is a quick overview of Long Day Care, Pre-School and Family Day Care from my experience.
Long Day Care
Can be community-based, not-for-profit or privately owned.
- Children can attend full-time or part-time. It is not uncommon for Long Day Care to be open for up to 10 hours or more per day, usually from 6:30 am to 6:30 pm and staff work in shifts.
- Provides care for children aged from 6 weeks to 5 years.
- Uses child-centred / child-initiated approach.
- Children are served three meals a day at regular intervals.
- The program is flexible, children learn through play.
- Children also get immense opportunities to socialise with other children in Long Day Care as opposed to family day care where the maximum number is seven.
- Many Long Day Care centres also offer kindergarten or pre-school programs, which are run by qualified early childhood teachers. That means children will benefit from an approved program within a familiar environment and parents don’t have to pick their child up at 3 pm from pre-school and drop them off at Long Day Care In this way, Long Day Care services meets the needs of most families.
However, along with the benefits of Long Day Care, there are some drawbacks as well. For instance, children can feel very tired due to the long hours compared to pre-school where children may only have to stay for five hours - it finishes early and the children may feel happy and more relaxed.
Pre-school
Offers early childhood education to children ages 3-5 years old prior to the beginning of formal education at primary school.
- Experienced early childhood teachers run the program and it is highly structured as the focus is on getting the children “school ready”.
- Pre-school programs run for fixed hours; the children arrive together and leave together just like a school.
- Meal times are more relaxed, with children bringing their lunches from home. There are no set timings to have their lunch. Most centers prefer children to have lunch at the same time while others prefer progressive lunches.
- In Pre-school programs, children are more independent in regard to their self-help skills. No nap time for children unless requested by parents.
Most parents find it hard to send their children to Pre-school due to the disparity between the timings even though their first preference is usually a Pre-school program. Some parents use a mix of both Long Day Care and Pre-school depending on their work routine and child care benefits / child care rebate.
Family Day Care
Flexible home-based care to children in educators’ own homes. Educator works alone as a sub-contractor with a Family Day Care scheme.
- The educators may provide care for up to seven children, including their own, in accordance with National regulations (four under school age and 3 school age children).
- Hours of care vary and are negotiated with the scheme’s supervisor or between the carer and the parent.
- Do not offer kinder/preschool programs.
- Most Family Day Care services are approved childcare services and are eligible for Childcare benefits and Childcare rebate.
- Children benefit from homely environment and lots of excursions on a day-to-day basis to the library, shopping centre, play grounds etc. However, children get little opportunity to socialise with other kids of same age and develop their social skills.
Family Day Cares work under the same umbrella as Long Day Care and Pre-school. The same standards are required and the same rules and regulations are applied to Family Day Cares. To support Family Day Care educators, one field coordinator is allocated by the Family Day Care service who visits monthly to ensure home safety and compliance issues are being observed by the educator and to provide support with planning and documentation.
One big difference in the above services is the cost involved and the affordability for the parents. Family Day Care costs quite a bit less than Long Day Care or Pre-school. On the other hand, Family Day Care has only one educator that is involved in caring for children. Some parents may be apprehensive about the quality of care their child will receive and child protection issues and as a result, they may prefer to send their children to Long Day Cares and Pre-schools.
The best solution for parents regarding their child’s care is to spend some time and consider what suits their interests and needs and then decide.
The same goes for new educators or students while choosing their career path. Examine the characteristics of each type of early childhood education and care service and choose the one that suits them best according to their own passions and interests.Switched to evening roku byte. Impossible to remain in conjunction with this application on my Roku player. Tested in two houses in different networks. Just grumpy. Other software is better by far. Had high hopes for this one and paid for both. The other is only reliable for me. I hope you have better luck.
- 7
Sep 11
Roku Remote for Android Review : Can’t get it to work consistentlyTasting Notes.
Viniculture
The hand harvested fruit was crushed and cold soaked overnight with skin and stems. After a light pressing, it was cold fermented in a stainless steel tank using ambient yeast and a combination of varietal-specific commercial yeast strains. The Riesling was allowed extended lees contact to add textural depth and was bottled after light filtration to preserve the integrity of the wine.
Singh, P and Nedumaran, S and Ntare, B R and Boote, K J and Singh, N P and Srinivas, K and Bantilan, M C S (2014) Potential benefits of drought and heat tolerance in groundnut for adaptation to climate change in India and West Africa. Mitigation and Adaptation Strategies for Global Change, 19 (5). pp. 509-529. ISSN 1573-1596
Abstract
Climate change is projected to intensify drought and heat stress in groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.) crop in rainfed regions. This will require developing high yielding groundnut cultivars that are both drought and heat tolerant. The crop growth simulation model for groundnut (CROPGRO-Groundnut model) was used to quantify the potential benefits of incorporating drought and heat tolerance and yield-enhancing traits into the commonly grown cultivar types at two sites each in India (Anantapur and Junagadh) and West Africa (Samanko, Mali and Sadore, Niger). Increasing crop maturity by 10 % increased yields up to 14 % at Anantapur, 19 % at Samanko and sustained the yields at Sadore. However at Junagadh, the current maturity of the cultivar holds well under future climate. Increasing yield potential of the crop by increasing leaf photosynthesis rate, partitioning to pods and seed-filling duration each by 10 % increased pod yield by 9 to 14 % over the baseline yields across the four sites. Under current climates of Anantapur, Junagadh and Sadore, the yield gains were larger by incorporating drought tolerance than heat tolerance. Under climate change the yield gains from incorporating both drought and heat tolerance increased to 13 % at Anantapur, 12 % at Junagadh and 31 % at Sadore. At the Samanko site, the yield gains from drought or heat tolerance were negligible. It is concluded that different combination of traits will be needed to increase and sustain the productivity of groundnut under climate change at the target sites and the CROPGRO-Groundnut model can be used for evaluating such traits