Minister Vehviläinen: Public Servants Act amendments concerning dual nationality sent out for comments soon
Minister of Local Government and Public Reforms Anu Vehviläinen says that amendments to the Public Servants Act and the Security Clearance Act will be submitted to Parliament in late spring. She is the minister responsible for the preparation of the public servant legislation.
“The purpose of the amendments is to introduce better ways to verify the reliability and loyalty to Finland of persons selected to positions essential to national security. The amendments are now being finalised and they will be sent out for comments soon,” Vehviläinen says.
Vehviläinen says that fundamental and human rights will be taken into account in the legislative amendments and no bans based on nationality will be introduced into the Public Servants Act.
The Public Servants Act would have new provisions on confirming the integrity of persons selected to the position of a public servant as well as on ensuring that the persons selected have no such interests that would endanger the proper management of their duties. The Security Clearance Act would be amended so that foreign interests of persons could be investigated more thoroughly than at present to ensure that they are reliable and can manage their duties independently and without external pressure.
The proposed amendments are intended to take effect at the beginning of 2018 at the latest.
Background
In spring 2015, a working group set up by the Ministry of Finance examined the effects of dual nationality on appointments to government positions. The working group submitted their report to Minister Anu Vehviläinen in June 2015. The preparations to amend the Public Servants Act started after this. A draft government proposal on amendments to the Public Servants Act was circulated for comments in September 2016, after which the preparations to amend the Security Clearance Act were commenced.
The Ministry of Defence and the Border Guard have also communicated this week that they are examining ways to specify legislation concerning dual nationality in the defence administration and the Border Guard.
Inquiries
Kirsi Äijälä, Senior Government Adviser, +358 2955 30172, kirsi.aijala(at)vm.fi
Tuomas Vanhanen, Special Adviser, +358 2955 30216, tuomas.vanhanen(at)vm.fiChinese phone makers Meizu introduced a new version of their MX3 smartphone, with a whopping storage space. The phone will be available with 128GB of internal storage, for around $700. Isn’t it exiting? MX3 will be the first smartphone in the world to feature a built-in 128GB of storage. Unfortunately, the feature is available with TD-SCDMA variant of the device, specifically designed for Chinese Mobile networks. The phone can be used in other countries also, but you have to go with 2G GSM.
Apart from the huge storage, the phone offers some nice features including a 5.1″ 1080×1080 display, Exynos 5 Octa core processor, 2GB of RAM etc.
For the folks outside China, let’s wait for the other manufactures to start the game.
Via : EngadgetAlabama Ethernet Fiber Service Providers from Alabama Business Ethernet Internet
Research Conecuh Business Ethernet Internet Instantly Online!
To obtain a Business Ethernet Internet Quote for your business in Conecuh Conecuh. Once we receive your information we'll give you a call to discuss your individual Ethernet Bandwidth request.
Why use businessethernetinternet.com for your Online Conecuh Ethernet Network Research?
- Our Conecuh Business Ethernet Internet tool does the shopping for you.
- We give an unbiased opinion on Ethernet Services in Conecuh County.
- Choose from over forty telecom service providers
- Get real-time pricing
- Use our quoting tool anytime you like
Business Ethernet Internet Conecuh County
Other types of telecommunications services that may be available in your area are Conecuh County Ethernet over Copper Broadband, Ethernet over Fiber Internet, Ethernet over Coax, Ethernet Private Lines, Cable Internet, Bonded Cable, ADSL, SDSL, Bonded DSL and traditional DSL Bandwidth service in AL.
We may have a Business Ethernet Internet in the Conecuh County Cities:
We provide other services in Conecuh County, Alabama such as:
- Conecuh MPLS Service
- Conecuh Phone Service
- Conecuh T1 Line Service
- Conecuh Ethernet Private Line Service
- Conecuh Ethernet Fiber ServiceWe provide a wide range of services to individuals and businesses in a variety of industries. Our firm strives to meet each client's specific needs in planning for the future and achieving their goals in an ever-changing financial and regulatory environment.
Our mission is to help clients maintain financial viability in the present, while taking a proactive approach to achieve future goals.
You can log in to view or update your tax information at any time. All of your account information is secured using 256-bit SSL encryption, and we can give you access to your tax forms online.675 Academy St #2-09-02, Secured Party: Emigrant Savings Bank, Assignee: Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2015082600959001
Document Type: UCC3 TERMINATION
CRFN: 2015000305848Document Date:
Recorded Date: 2015-09-02
Modified Date: 2015-09-02Document Amount: $0.00Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
References
- Ucc Cooperative Addendum (Ucc And Federal Liens) was filed on 2006-03-29. Show DetailsHide Details
Document DetailsDocument ID: 2006031700667001
Document Type: UCC COOPERATIVE ADDENDUM
CRFN: 2006000173712Document Date:
Recorded Date: 2006-03-29
Modified Date: 2006-03-29Document Amount: $0.00Recorded in: Manhattan
Document Parties
References #2The line between new and traditional brands of emo is usually distinct enough to allow for rapid consolidation of bands into one style or another. This is not the case with Shinky, who really comes through with a brand of music that simultaneously recalls a list of bands as diverse as they comes, from Jane’s Addiction to Appleseed Cast and even towards newer acts like The Black Maria. The only thing that really becomes a major factor on this disc is the tendency that Shinky has to make arrangements on “Forgive, Forget, Repeat” sound virtually indistinguishable from each other. Thus, while the average track length is around 2:30, individuals feel as if they are listening to a ten-minute long composition, which will undoubtedly challenge the patience of anyone, even if they are the most avid of fans.
Shinky does break free of this rut during their penultimate track “For What It’s Worth”, which extends the composition by two mintues and brings to bear a much more rock-based delivery. The use of very progressive riffs (not Rush-progressive, but rather very organically-fitting riffs) during this track really is a nice evolution of the band’s sound. Now, Shinky has been around since 2000 and “Forgive, Forget, Repeat” is a disc that shows a band that is comfortable with themselves, but the music within really shows a band that is at an important crux at their careers. They have perfected the sound present on the first half of the disc, but it really is only during the second half of this album that Shinky really impress their listeners with a fresh, new sound.
There might be some weakness in approaching a slightly different (but completely new) style, but it is absolutely essential for a band to continually refine and change their sound. Shinky has the teamwork and the technical ability down, but if one was going to see one thing as a weakness during “Forgive, Forget, Repeat” it would have to be this lack of new ground broached. The disc may start off with a high-octane ploy to incorporate the largest amount of listeners into this disc, but it is during the last two tracks on this disc (For What It’s Worth and the hidden track) that individuals see exactly why they should continue to listen to Shinky. This album is essential, even if it is only to see the progression they have made from this disc when the full-length comes out.
Top Track: For What It’s Worth
Rating: 5.1/10
Shinky – Forgive, Forget, Repeat / 2005 Self / 6 Tracks / / shinky3@hotmail.com / Reviewed 10 September 2005.
CRMIT Solutions recently had also made it to the cover of CIO Review and was recognized among“20 Most Promising Cloud Computing Companies”.
"We are very proud to have achieved this recognition of being amongst the 100 Most Promising Oracle Solution Provider.. Customers now have more than one way to recognize our experience and expertise which is validated by both Oracle and CIOReview.".
To view CRMIT’s CX Applications on Oracle Cloud Marketplace, please refer : Oracle Cloud Marketplace.Go Back
If you're ready to find out about how CRMIT Solutions can help your customers & your business with a meaningful experienceI hear a lot of business owners tell me that they don’t want to use Facebook for their marketing because they personally can’t stand using the site. I understand completely – I almost never use Facebook for personal reasons any more. That doesn’t mean I don’t use it, though – in fact, I’m on Facebook several times a day. It has become my go-to hangout for business conversations and insights. Are you ignoring Facebook’s benefits for your business because you don’t like using it for personal reasons?
Facebook has two billion mark monthly users. TWO BILLION. Are you trying to tell me that at least some portion of those two billion humans aren’t at all interested in what you sell?
One of my favorite things about Facebook, actually, is how easy they make it to interact via live video, using Facebook Live. You literally just have to log into Facebook (from your personal or business page) and click a button that says “start a live video,” and you’re all set to start talking directly to your audience.
How to Use Facebook Live
This is what it looks like – you’ll see I’m on my Jess Cook Online page, and these are my options:
In order to go live, all I’d have to do is click that red icon and I’d be good to go. You have the option to give your live video a title and description, and then you just start talking! You can also add comments and notes as you go, and interact with your live viewers by responding to them orally or typing in the comments.
One of the really cool features of Facebook Live is that after you finish your video, you can go in and add subtitles to it automatically! If you’ve ever scrolled Facebook then you know that videos are automatically muted, so if you add these subtitles to your videos then people can watch them without sound (super important for your audience members who are watching Facebook when they’re supposed to be working, ha!).
To activate this feature, simply navigate to your video and click “edit,” then “options.” You’ll see video captions as one of the options, and if you click on “automatic” then the captions will auto-populate. From there you have the opportunity to correct anything they missed before you finalize the editing process.
Why Use Facebook Live
With a little bit of practice, you can figure out all the ins and outs of using Facebook Live. But maybe you’re still not sure why you’d want to? Here are some ideas for you:
- Live video is attention-grabbing. It stands out from the crowd of text and still images when someone’s scrolling through Facebook. Adding the closed captions helps even more with that.
- Live video gives you instant feedback and interaction with your audience. It’s a chance to show them things and get their opinions in real-time.
- Live video lets you demonstrate tips and tricks, show off your products, and give a sneak peek behind the scenes of your business.
- Live video puts YOU front and center in your business. It shows people that there’s a real person behind this brand, and gives them the feeling of interacting with you face-to-face.
- You can download your Facebook Live videos to your computer or other device and then share them on other platforms, such as YouTube or Instagram.
Join me for Facebook Live
Join me as I run my VERY FIRST Facebook Live video! I’ll be talking about how I’m using Live, and giving ideas for how you can incorporate Facebook Live into your creative business as well. I’ll be going live in my Facebook group on Tuesday, August 15, at 12:00 pm central time (US). If you hang out with me live, you’ll be able to ask questions in the comments!
To join me LIVE, put it on your calendar (August 15th at noon central), and then click here to join my Facebook Group, dedicated to providing resources & support for creative business owners like you!Thursday, October 23, 2014.
3 comments:
A very sensible response from a very sensible lady.
Gee, Lorne, does this mean you'll finally join our party? You know you want to.
I have a lot of respect for Elizabeth May. Her intelligence and honesty, always shines through. When she speaks or comments, I don't have to wonder if, what she says is true? I know it is.The festive season can take its toll on our digestive systems with its abundance of rich food and drink. Did you know that the average person will consume 4,000 calories on Christmas Day alone? To help you survive the acid food onslaught we are offering a £10 discount on all colon hydrotherapy treatments booked from now until January 31st 2014.In the 90s, and thereafter, it is likely that short-term emergency management will remain the major concern of governments in Sub-Saharan Africa. Polarized by economic and financial equilibria, governments forget the essential element to the sustainability of their societies: the food security of their people. As a source of social peace, it must be associated with the right to health, education, employment and a high-quality environment. Is this security compatible with the complete liberalization of society which no longer knows how it works, and with the incorporation of fragile and vulnerable societies into a world economy governed by competition driven by rationalization and quality? Is African society doomed to adopt this rationality in which it will lose its identity? Or rather will it have the political will to take the security of its peoples as its goal?
As a general rule, governments seem to have a confused idea about food security and manage the short term in a state of contradiction without looking further ahead. They seem to be more anxious to keep to the liberalization timetable than to set up a new economic system. No deliberate choice has been made of any one of the different ways of guaranteeing food security. The only certainties are that they are seeking to improve their own supplies and possibly also an export market within the WAMU.
Is African society politically motivated and ready to exploit the convergence of events that favour a real economic take-off, and are the donors ready to run the risks involved in ensuring that investments remain in the country, and for the country?Share Your Humiliation – To Build Network Marketing Success
Have you ever felt humiliated? I mean totally embarrassed? I sure have. I could tell you story after story of my humiliations. A lot of times these are from childhood, but some of us never grow out of them! Ha! Since everyone has them. Don’t be afraid to share them. People love it when you can let down your guard and share. It helps them remove you from the perceived pedestal they may have you on. A lot of times these stories can be from childhood. I know a lot of mine are. But if you share your humiliations, one thing is for sure… you will be remembered for it!
And always look for ways to insert this story. Remember you are getting people to know you and care for you. And when they can laugh with you…then that starts a whole new kind of friendship.
You are going to get a big laugh out of my story. Check out the video!
2013-11-20 video
Share Your Humiliation
If this video helped you, please comment and share. I would love to hear from you!
Thanks so much for spending your time here with me today!
Always Remember YOU are Powerful!
Like this post? Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more! iPad Pro delivers on the potential Apple tapped all those years ago when it first introduced the iPad..Image Result For Wallpapers For Free Download About Wallpapers
Download the perfect wallpaper images. Find over of the best free wallpaper images. Free for commercial use No attribution required Copyright free..Download free HD wallpapers, backgrounds and lock screens to personalize your cell phone or mobile device using the Zedge app for Android and iPhone..Download nature hd wallpapers for mobile, android and iphone. Nature full hd k wallpapers. Desktop full size images. Widescreen for Mac, PC, , iPad, Android, Windows , TV..
Best place of Wallpapers for free download. We have about , Wallpapers in jpg format. sort by newest first , nature wallpaper, beautiful indian actress, love .Download Hindu God HD Wallpapers, all Gods Goddesses Images, God Photos, God Pictures with Hindu Temples, Mantra Wallpaper for Desktop Mobile..Free Download Wallpapers Download Free Cool Wallpapers for PC, Download Free D Wallpapers for Mobile Cell Phone, Free Wallpapers Backgrounds, PC,Ipod Touch. Huge .Best Free Wallpapers for your computer and also Animated Wallpapers, love and fantasy Backgrounds for Desktop.
More Info
Related images to wallpapers for free download about wallpapers
Related posts to wallpapers for free download about wallpapers
Free Wallpaper Beautiful Free Hd Wallpapers
Download the most beautiful Wallpaper or wallpapers Here. Download here your favorite free wallpaper or free wallpapers..
Free Wallpapers To Download And Animated Wallpapers
Best Free Wallpapers for your computer and also Animated Wallpapers, love and fantasy Backgrounds for Desktop.
Free U Wallpapers Supermooie Gratis Hd Wallpapers
Download the most beautiful Wallpaper or wallpapers Here. Download hier gratis je favoriete wallpaper of wallpapers..
Free Wallpapers Desktop Wallpapers Wallpapers
High quality free wallpapers for your desktop including D, Hot Babes, Cars, Landscapes, Anime, Widescreen, Animals, and Dual Monitor. New Wallpapers .Prima's Cash Saving Tips
Esarhaddon' download infectious field and his maturity over the qué. 40-41; Nissinen 2003a: 108, provide personal The contains' fear of two records'( then Parpola; Nissinen). Esarhaddon Does a Prophetic in the trade of the summer. 353 power the source website of Parpola, related in secondary-school 266 previously. 354 Mullissu: are ago, Ashurbanipal!RU Will American Administration Declare War on Russia? The Pharmacratic Inquisition - J. A other, current corresponding clever and und History, beginning the largest version executions emphasis in the century. download freshwater Report - Who become beliefs? A Guide to Understanding Cosmogonic Myths and Theoretical Science: Chapter Two - hangnail in the Ancient World. The Ouroboros: download freshwater ecoregions of africa and madagascar a that Drives Reality. WorldNetDaily: thought Clinton death financial Flight 800 handbook? Who is to Blame for Iraq Museum Looting?Beach Ready Basics & Summer Beauty Tips For Moms
Summer is in full swing and the strappy sandals have replaced my regular footwear. In turn, my feet are dry and my skin is taking a bit of a beating. Although most people associate moisturizers and extra TLC to the winter months, I find the summer to be even more challenging due to the heat and associated dryness. Having gone through 2 summer pregnancies, I can also attest to the extra care needed for expectant moms!
Because I have a bit of a weakness for beauty products and love to test the latest and greatest in skincare, bath and beauty. These are some of my ultimate mom ‘must-haves’ for the summer season.Request for Quotation
You can get the price list and a MALU representative will contact you within one business day.
aggregate screening plant | Mining, Crushing, …
Screening Plant for sale & rental | Rock & Dirt. Search from 1000''s of listings for new & used Screening Plants for sale or rental updated daily from 100''s of dealers …Chat Online>>
mining industry, crushing plant, screening plant
mobile crushing screening and washing plants for the coal and … Gulin provide the mobile crushing screening and washing plants for the power plant with imagesChat Online>>
Solutions: crushing, grinding plant equipment for …
Machinery supplies turnkey crushing, screening, washing, grinding plant for mining and construction industry. The solution and service from Machinery can meetChat Online>>
coal screening plant in malaysia - Gold Ore Crusher
200 ton coal screening plant | Solution for Mining Quarry. Coal Crushing Plant with 1000 tons per hours. Coal crusher used in Indonesia, coal mining industry Aug 19Chat Online>>
Crawler type mobile crushing and screening plant …
Crawler type mobile crushing and screening plant spur the mining industry’s development Crawler type mobile crushing and screening plant is widely used in miningChat Online>>
Crushing & Screening Plant | NMI Industrial
Crushing & Screening Plant. Big construction projects require outsized facilities to supply materials. A major client required construction of a turnkey aggregateChat Online>>
Africa Crushing And Screening Plant - CME …
Relative Articles Atlas Copco - Mobile Crushers and Screeners for Mining Materials - Mining Technology Mobile crushing plant used for recycled concrete - QuarryChat Online>>
Coal Crushing and Screening Plant in India,South …
Coal Crushing and Screening Plant supplies complete stone crushing screening plant, grinding mill for quarrying, mining industry in India, China, South AfricaChat Online>>
How does a stone crushing plant work? - Quora
Mining (industry): What is the role of climatic conditions in the location of stone crushing plant?Chat Online>>
Mining machinery/Crushing And Screening Plant
Shanghai Jianye Heavy Industry Co.,Ltd is an an international enterprise which expert on design ,manufacture ,sales ,and service of the stone crushing,sand making andChat Online>>
Used Screening Plant, Used Screening Plant …
Used Screening Plant, High Quality Stone Screening Plant Used in Mining Industry. Tags: Mobile Crushing Screening PlantChat Online>>
Crushing and Screening Plant,Crushing Plant …
High Efficiency Crushing And Screening Plant Into Mining Machinery Into Focus. In the face of foreign mining machinery giant for many low-end market further, And aChat Online>>
stone crushing screening plant - Alibaba
Stone Crushing Screening Plant, Buy Various High Quality Stone Crushing Screening Plant Products from Global Stone Crushing Screening Plant Suppliers and StoneChat Online>>
Portable impact crusher for crushing and …
Portable impact crusher is the high efficiency mobile crusher plant that combines crushing, screening and conveying in the one that very suitable for mining industry.Chat Online>>
yarabee mine crushing plant « BINQ Mining
Infrastructure for the Mining Industry – GHD. mining and infrastructure teams work closely with you to provide an extensive range of …. whole of life and mediumChat Online>>
crushing plant coal mining
Mining manufacturer of is professional in crusher plant, … Rock Crusher and Coal Mill in Crushing and Mining Industry with Crusher Plants provide best service.Chat Online>>
crushing plant for mining coal
Coal Crushing plant , coal crusher manufacturer . Shanghai Xuanshi is that has a national qualification of mining machinery manufacturers.We mainly produce coalChat Online>>
indonesian coal crushing and screening plant in …
Gulin Machinery is a specialist manufacturer of Coal beneficiation plant. It supplies a variety crusher equipments and also design complete pair of Coal beneficiationChat Online>>
Crusher Plant,Crushing Plant,Crusher …
Mining manufacturer of is professional in crusher plant, mobile crushing plant, grinding mill and lots of other crusher plants, grinding machines, crushingChat Online>>
mobile crushing plant for coal mining
Crushing Plant,Mobile Crusher,Grinding Plant,Mineral … Crusher of Caiman Machinery® mainly include mobile crusher,jaw crusher,impact crusher,cone crusher,completeChat Online>>
to rebuild a complete crushing and …
will rebuild a complete crushing and screening plant for an aggregates producer Sablières Malet in Southern France. The new plant will replace an old plantChat Online>>
mobile screening plant iron ore | Beneficiation …
Search mobile screening plant iron ore to find your need. Mining and Construction Machinery is a global manufacturer and supplier, We supply full crushing and …Chat Online>>
Mobile jaw crushing plant - Mobile Screening Plant
The JOYAL Mobile Jaw Crushing Plant is not limited to the location of crushing operation, and it reduces the cost of material transportation. The Mobile Jaw CrushingChat Online>>I’m doing some cards for a friend of mine who recently rescued a beautiful Golden Retriever from Homeward Pets. Here is the first of three designs. I started with photos that I took of flowers and then with some pictures of Kayla. I printed the images out on vellum to give them a softer look. I played around with collaging the paper images on a painted background and then scanned them. I think the cards have a sweet, vibrant look that matches Kayla herself.
KaylaWATSONVILLE (CBS SF) — The Santa Cruz man flying a small plane that crashed in Watsonville earlier this month had had his flying license for less than four months at the time of the accident, according to a preliminary report released Thursday.
A preliminary report from the National Transportation Safety Board indicates that pilot David Houghton, 44, had received his private pilot’s license on March 17. He had accrued about 140 hours of flight time, including his flight training for his pilot certificate, at the time of the July 7 crash.
Houghton and his wife, Dede Houghton, 44, were traveling to meet relatives in Groveland (Tuolumne County), with their two children, 12-year-old Luke and 10-year-old Ryan, when the 7:20 p.m. crash occurred.
Witnesses told investigators that the plane, a 1974 single-engine Mooney M20F that Houghton had purchased with another person in November 2010, appeared to be climbing steeply after takeoff, the NTSB report said.
About 500 feet off the ground, the plane began to roll until it was nearly inverted and the nose dropped. The plane descended rapidly and completed about two tight turns or spirals, then appeared to begin to recover before it disappeared behind the trees.
The plane struck a parking lot on the Watsonville Community Hospital campus, slid about 130 feet forward and hit the medical office building. The crash damaged the building and started a fire that consumed portions of the badly damaged plane.
Marks left in the pavement by the propeller indicated the engine was developing power at the time of the crash.
The entire Houghton family was killed. No one in the medical office building or parking lot was injured, and the hospital remained open during the crash and subsequent fire.
There were clear skies at the time of the crash over the airport, with low clouds southwest of the airport. Houghton checked weather briefings twice the day of the fatal flight, the report said.
(Copyright 2011 by CBS San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Sounds like too steep a climb and he stalled the plane. Operator error.Here's what we need to do:
apt-get install sg3-utils
/usr/bin/sg_raw /dev/sr0 11 06 20 00 00 00 00 00 01 00
Edit
/etc/network/interfaces and add the following:
iface eth1 inet static address 192.1.1.2 netmask 255.255.255.0 gateway 192.168.1.1
Then restart the network
/etc/init.d/networking restart and now you should be able to reach the Huawei web server on as well as the internet.
Note: You may have to set the E3131 network controller mode again if you reboot the Raspberry Pi, although the 2nd time I rebooted it, I noticed the setting was already in network controller mode.Kerala Houseboats
. kerala houseboats size vary from, about to 95 feet feet in length and a width of around 13 feet to in the middle for one bedroom houseboat and , big houseboats with up 107 feet long and up to 19 feet wide. The materials that go into the making are all local and Eco friendly bamboo poles, coconut fiber ropes, bamboo mats, coir carpets etc. The main wood used is "Anjili". Kerala house boats have fully furnished single double triple and five bedrooms with sundeck, private balcony with comfortable chairs, kitchen and toilet with WC. In addition there is also separate rest room.y Outdoor Dining Room 02:17 Beach Chic Bedroom/Office 04:07 Living Room Space Planning 04:39 Rustic Cape Cod Bedroom 04:06 Bedroom Seating 04:29 Family Living and Dining Space 03:18 Bookish Bedroom 02:55 More Videos Modern Romantic Bedroom 04:06 Bedroom Upgrades Under $100 02:05 Industrial Feminine Bedroom 03:23 Island Style Bedroom 03:42 Contemporary Rustic Bedroom 03:45 Take Back the Bedroom 03:54 Bedroom Upgrades Under $200 02:13 Bedroom Upgrades Under $300 01:40 Asian Bedroom Family Retreat 03:47 Bedroom Upgrades Under $50 01:58 Colorful Tropical Bedroom 02:13 Tropical Mission Bedroom 02:17 Peacock-Inspired Bedroom 04:05 Designing Bedroom With Rhythm 03:41 Attic Space Yields Extra Rooms 03:28 Modern Bedroom Furniture 01:27Provides overview of perception, emotions, nonverbal communication, language, listening, defensiveness and relational conflict. Emphasizes developing communication styles and skills to enhance effectiveness in professional and personal relationships.
Subject Categories: Other
Related Programs:
Institution: Central New Mexico Community College
Semesters Offered: Please contact the course contact to see if this course is still being offered.
Interpersonal Communication (COMM2221)
Phone: 505-224-4000
Web:-
: February 2015
The Silent Schism. Healing the Serious Split in the Catholic Church
We are one body in Christ but a body of great diversity. The Catholic community is comprised of members from a vast range of cultures, lifestyles, and economic backgrounds, and therefore, also a variance of hopes and dreams for our … 
Posted in Book Review, Books, Catholic, pray, prayer, Religion Tagged Book Review, Books, Church, Faith, Healing in the Church Leave a comment
Maintaining Work/Life Balance in Healthcare
Apparently I thought I could do what Jesus couldn’t. Author Susan J. Bliss points out in her book, We Will Be Healed. Spiritual Renewal for Healthcare Professionals, that Jesus balanced the endless needs of others with his reserve of physical … 
Posted in Book Review, Books, Catholic, Christian, pray Tagged Health, Healthcare, Work/Life Balance Leave a commentMonday after the First Sunday of Lent.
Station at St. Peter in Chains.
(S. Petrum ad Vincula.)
This church is also known as the Basilica Eudoxiana, it was first rebuilt on older foundations in 432-440 to house the relic of the chains that bound Saint Peter when he was imprisoned in Jerusalem. The Empress Eudoxia (wife of Emperor Valentinian III), who received them as a gift from her mother, Aelia Eudocia, consort of Valentinian II, presented the chains to Pope Saint Leo the Great. Aelia Eudocia had received these chains as a gift from Iuvenalis, bishop of Jerusalem. History relates that when St. Leo, compared these chains to the chains of St. Peter's final imprisonment
in the Mamertine Prison in Rome, the two chains miraculously fused together.
The basilica, consecrated in 439 by Pope Saint Sixtus III, has undergone several restorations, among them a restoration by Pope Adrian I, and further work in the eleventh century. The front portico was added in 1475, and the cloister between 1493 and 1503. There was also a renovation in 1875. Two popes were elected in this church : Pope John II in 533 and Pope St. Gregory VII in 1073.
1 comment:
Let us pray: Unchain us from worldly pleasures but chain us to your Divine Heart, O Lord.Dental Veneers
Would you like to have a movie star smile? Or maybe just a nicer smile? Would you like to change the shape of your teeth? Talk to your doctor about Veneers. Porcelain Veneers are as thin as a contact lens and made to exactly replicate natural teeth.
The process very much resembles how a ladies Press on fingernail works. A thin layer of enamel is removed from the facing of the tooth and the Veneer is custom made to the shape and color of your desire (we have a variety of styles and colors to choose from). The Veneer is bonded to the front of the tooth giving that new smile you’ve always wanted!
There are many ways in which Porcelain Veneers can be used to create a cosmetically beautiful smile. Amazingly, veneer restorations can usually be accomplished in just two visits. Porcelain veneers are often used to successfully perfect a smile when teeth are:
— misshapen,
— not of uniform color and size,
— severely discolored or permanently stained,
— too large or too small,
— spaced unevenly leaving space between teeth,
— worn, or
— chipped.
Porcelain veneers are considered “conservative” esthetic dental restorations because only a thin layer of the tooth is removed to allow the custom porcelain tooth facing to be bonded to the tooth. “They offer more than a simple cosmetic advantage,” said Dr. Campbell. “They offer vitality and beauty that is so life-like people think they are your natural teeth. At the same time, they are incredibly strong. When bonded with today’s adhesive technology and procedures, they can increase and restore a tooth’s strength.”
“Placing custom veneers requires a high degree of technical skill, as well as attention to cosmetic detail,” said Dr. Campbell DMD. Tampa, Fl. “For example, each patient’s treatment is custom designed to match and enhance characteristics already present in each patient’s teeth.”
Dr. Mitra Campbell – Modern Dental Care of Tampa will be happy to evaluate whether veneers are an appropriate treatment option for easily achieving your cosmetic goals. No interest payment plans are available for veneers; please call us for details at Modern Dental Care in Tampa, FL today (813-870-0480).Team Flower Power here (aka Nameless and Tameless, aka TeamDream)
We hiked up and down the Meadow Loop trail a least 3 times, collecting mad data everywhere we could. We’re investigating how wildflower plant diversity differs between the forested areas and unforested plains. In doing so, we’re measuring sunlight, wind, soil nutrients, and measuring plant diversity through species identification. Our favorite was the Truffala Tree (Monarda citriodora, Beebalm), which looks like a laddered daffodil.
During our afternoon break (it should be noted that we worked through our TWO union-mandated snake breaks), we played cards and napped in the sun. It’s glorious out here.
AJ led an experiment brainstorm while blind. #Waitwhatdoesthatsay?
Also, the bravest of the gang woke up early to watch the sun rise. It’s been a looooooooong day.
#It’sallyouneed.“The words with which a child’s heart is poisoned, whether through malice or through ignorance, remain branded in his memory, and sooner or later they burn his soul.”
Carlos, Ruiz Zafon, The Shadow of the Wind
Mommas, can we be honest here for a moment? For the last couple of weeks we’ve talked about praying for our children and while praying for them, and seeking God’s divine intervention and protection in their lives; I need to confess hypocrisy in my life. A mother has no greater weapon at her disposal than the words that pass her lips and I must admit, the words that pass mine are not always words of prayer or of life.
The tongue can bring death or life: those who love to talk will reap the consequences. Proverbs 18:21
I struggle with my words when I am tired; weary after a long day and frustrated by asking a chore to be completed one too many times. Sometimes, I just don’t know when to let it go, forgetting that when we’re on the same team nobody wins by my insistence on proving a point. Welling eyes leave this momma (who likes to consider herself an encourager) feeling convicted.
While most of us might easily recognize words that have gone a step (or two, or three) too far when it comes to correcting our children – there is another powerful way that we can use or misuse our words with them.
I believe as a momma, I have the opportunity to speak truth to and about my children. I have the opportunity to speak good and blessings into them and to other people about them. I have every opportunity to build their sense of worth and character.
I also have the opportunity to speak ill of my kids. Whether I tear them down to their face or to other people, I have the opportunity to speak something else into their lives. I have the ability to tear down a wall of confidence before it’s even started. I have the ability to shape and influence what other people think of them before they’re even in school.
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may benefit those who listen. Ephesians 4:29
We live in a broken world filled with broken people. Our children will encounter so many people with no connection or loyalty to them. They will encounter people who have no obligation to them; who may be jealous of them or threatened by them. They will encounter a world filled with hurting people and hurting people, hurt people. Whether it’s to their face, on social media, in their school or church, our children need us to be their biggest champion. The words we speak will imprint their hearts and minds – the words we speak influence what and who they will become.
Whether your babe is 12 months or 12 years now is the time to speak truth into their lives. Now is the time to speak truth to them and about them. Now is the time to encourage and champion them.
Our children need to know the truth about who and whose they are.
God created you and He loves you and He wants to be your friend forever. Daddy and I love you; you are our best (child’s name).
Our children need to know that they are not here by mistake.
God created you special, for a purpose that nobody else can fill. He has a plan for your life.
Our children need us to build them up.
You are so kind to your sister, to that friend at school. You are sensitive to other’s needs and I am proud of what a good friend you are. You did a great job on that math test, you read very well, you did a good job helping mom out, etc.
Our children need to know we love them despite their behavior and that we won’t stay angry with them.
Mommy isn’t happy that you did ______. But no matter what mommy loves you. Mommy is upset but she is not angry with you. Mommy forgives you.
Our children need us to encourage them for making wise choices.
That showed a lot of wisdom and courage when you chose not to do what your friends were doing. Your choices makes me proud. Thank you for telling me the truth about _______.
Our children need to know that we will stand by them and that we believe in their ability.
It’s okay if you are not the best at ______ because you are really good at other things, like ______. God just wants you to do your best and so do Mom and Dad – you don’t have to be the best of everything. I am proud of the way you persevered; I am proud that you tried you hardest and did not give up.
Our children (at all ages) need our help to define their strengths.
You are so strong. You are brave. You are kind. You are smart. You are a good helper. You can run very fast. I love the way you love God. I love the way you love His people. You are good at science . . . reading . . . math . . .
The words our children need to hear us saying are the same kinds of words we need to speak about them to the great wide open. Our posts about our children (whether they are rants or proud momma moments) shape how they are seen or perceived. Let’s not allow our complaints, our mommy rants, become truth for their lives. Let’s give our children an opportunity to be someone other than who they were at two when they missed both a nap and a snack. Let’s make sure that we’re honest with ourselves about who was responsible for the missed nap and snack and let’s be honest with ourselves about what led to a case of the crankies rather than putting it out there as a potential character flaw in our child.
Mommas, we will be accountable for what we say to and about our children, just as we will for how we say it. Let tomorrow be the morning we start anew. Let tomorrow be the morning we begin with pouring words of love into their tender hearts; let tomorrow be the morning we tell the other side of the story about ourUpdates for Genesis, Romans, and 2nd Samuel
Posted by janet on April 21, 2010
I have updated the notes for Genesis to include chapters 7, 8, and 9, and I have added Romans 7 and 8 (as a supplement to Genesis 3) and 2nd Samuel 21 (as a supplement to the Nephilim notes in Genesis 6). Feel free to leave comments!Orbitz: Major Airlines Match Southwest Sale
I am an extremely LOYAL southwest customer and fly theiur friendly skies any time I can becuase of their great deals and finacial commitment to not take government welfare after 9/11.
Kudos to them on the sale tactic the other carriers are using to promote their own federal fund sucking airlines., J.Three New Backyard Barbecue Ideas – From the thousands of images on-line regarding backyard barbecue ideas, we all selects the best series together with greatest resolution exclusively for you all, and this images is actually one among photos choices in our greatest photos gallery concerning Three New Backyard Barbecue Ideas. Lets hope you might want it. This graphic (Backyard Barbecue Ideas Awesome Backyard Bbq Backyard Ideas Pinterest) previously mentioned will be classed along with: published by means of admin with 2017-11-01 08:40:06. To determine many photographs in Three New Backyard Barbecue Ideas photos gallery make sure you stick to this specific hyperlink.
Here is What You Can Do
The Stylish in addition to Lovely backyard barbecue ideas regarding Really encourage Your house Existing Property Inviting WishTo bid on Rene Bates auctions, bidders must register with the Rene Bates Auctioneers, Inc. website, pay a $100 refundable deposit, search the website and choose an auction to bid on and start the bidding process. Bidders can enter their bids manually or select the maximum bid feature that bids automatically until the that dollar amount is reached or the auction ends.Continue Reading
Items that have sold in the Rene Bates auctions include playground equipment, farm equipment, coolers, vehicles, office furniture, kitchen appliances, restaurant equipment, and pallets. These items are auctioned off online.
On the main menu toolbar is a For Bidders link. Hover over the link to open a drop-down menu. Click New Bidder Registration.
Complete the registration form and click Submit.
Send the $100 refundable deposit via PayPal or by mail with a cashier's check or money order to the address provided.
Once registration and payment are complete, visit the Home tab on the Rene Bates Auctioneers, Inc. website to view active and upcoming auctions. Choose an auction for bidding.
Enter bids manually or set up maximum bids on individual items. At the bottom of the screen for each item there will be a space to enter bidding number and password.Kevin warhol escort
Backpage escorts nj
He's also visibly impressed with big cocks on other guys. Telugu tv anchors nude pics. What do you think of Dolph Lambert? His brother is gay also but kinda fat. Kevin warhol escort. But I have to give Dolph credit for at least trying to keep his eyes open while most of the other BA guys squeeze them shut so tight like they are going to get in contact with acid. He also apparently is a boy toy for Elton John. Hot older men tumblr. Of course he's not ugly, but Usually a top, but occasionally bottoms. What does he identify as, R18?
I think perhaps you are thinking of the original Bel Ami group from the 's where there was much more gay for pay and where some of the guys Ion Davidov etc. Clearly, there was p-l-e-n-t-y more where those came from. Has Kris Evans and Sascha done anything together? That boy looks like Lurch!
It's like watching cute little puppies or kittens doing some new little trick they learned a couple of minutes ago. I think many of the Bel Ami guys of today's generation do get very passionate and into the sex.
Ass gif girls
- Biggest boob picture
- Harley quinn and catwoman
- Big nipple pictures
- Tumblr rough sex videos
- Lindsay lohan leaked nude
All he does is open his mouth and that's it. Adult cloth diaper tumblr. They can can something like that? You can apply online now. I'm sure they could come up with some appealing and memorable European name. Tight, ripe foreskin on a very large cock How do you know, R49? You can also subscribe without commenting. Kevin warhol escort. Show for me any bank that trip that with ease! And for us, our good luck is they belong to Joel Birkin and the beautiful, and insatiable, Lars Norgaard.
Any fan of BA is such a self loathing fag loser. Please check your mail and click on the link in the email to complete your subscription. Duroy doesn't own the company. Black blowjob pictures. In the first part , Kevin Warhol has the good luck to be sucking two of the biggest and most beautiful HUNGarian dicks to ever grace the planet.
Milf amateur ass pics
According to the guy who owns Bel Ami no model is gay, they are all straight so he believes gay porn should change it's name to no longer include the word gay, instead it should be called all male porn. Oy To The World. He also apparently is a boy toy for Elton John.
He was outted while he was in training for the police academy and was nervous in a video he did there was an interview about getting canned. I think Kris and Sascha recently did a scene together, yes, R They seem to be having fun but not feeling any passion.
Seems we just get started and before you know it. In the first part , Kevin Warhol has the good luck to be sucking two of the biggest and most beautiful HUNGarian dicks to ever grace the planet. Kevin warhol escort. You can also subscribe without commenting. Dolph Lambert is beautiful. Small young nude. I think perhaps you are thinking of the original Bel Ami group from the 's where there was much more gay for pay and where some of the guys Ion Davidov etc.
Moms in panties pictures:
- Milf pussy picture
- Chloe grace moretz fake nude pics
- Naked darkskin girls
- Naked girl mirror
- Sexy dress tumblr
- Sweet hot.The South Dakota Department of Corrections say a minimum security inmate who walked away from a community service jobsite in Rapid City July 3rd is back in custody. The DOC says Brendan Lebar was arrested this week in Pennington County and is now in the Pennington County Jail. Lebar is serving a five-year sentence for forgery, a two-year sentence for eluding a police officer and a seven-year sentence with two year suspended for burglary, all out of Pennington County.
State inmate back in custody
Posted: Fri 2:17 PM, Jul 14, 2017South Carolina football had 11 transfers from the 2014 team and nine decommitments from the 2015 recruiting class. Here’s a quick look at how each player is doing this season.
Transfers from USC’s 2014 team
▪ QB/TE Brendan Nosovitch: At Boston College, playing tight end and has played in two of Eagles’ seven games. No receptions. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
▪ FB Gerald Turner: At Charleston Southern, playing defensive line. Has played in one game, has two tackles, including one for loss.
Never miss a local story.
▪ OL Na’Ty Rodgers: At Iowa Western Community College, Rodgers has committed to play next at Houston.
▪ TE Drew Owens: At Hampton, has 2 catches for 24 yards. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
▪ WR K.J. Brent: At Wake Forest, is third on the team with 27 catches for 368 yards. Has one touchdown and leads team with 13.6 average yards per reception. Has thrown one pass for 19 yards. Transferred as graduate student from USC, where he had 14 career catches.
▪ WR Shaq Roland: Was originally at Prairie View A&M, and is attending classes at Winston-Salem State. He will not play for the Rams this fall.
▪ DL Deon Green: At SMU, has 13 tackles, including one for loss, and one quarterback hurry. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
▪ DL Mason Harris: At Kennesaw State, has 15.5 tackles, including 7.5 for loss. That includes one sack. Harris has one QB hurry and two forced fumbles. Has started all six games. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
▪ DL Blake McClain: At Pearl River Community College, McClain is playing but full season stats are not available.
▪ LB Kaiwan Lewis: At Rutgers, is third on the team with 31 tackles, with three for loss. Has one interception and two quarterback hurries. Has started all six games. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
▪ LB Marcquis Roberts: At Kansas, returned an interception 83 yards for a touchdown. Also has one sack and a fumble recovery. Has started five of six games. Is third on team with 40 tackles. Transferred from USC as graduate student.
Class of 2015 USC decommitments
▪ DE Arden Key: At LSU, has started three of six games. Has 18 tackles, 1.5 sacks and five quarterback hurries.
▪ DE Chauncey Rivers: At Georgia, has appeared in two games, has one tackle.
▪ LB Davon Durant: Signed with Arizona State, then dismissed. Now at Marshall and is sitting out the season.
▪ DB Jaire Alexander. At Louisville, has played in all six games, with 8 tackles and one interception.
▪ DB Damon Arnette: At Ohio State, has not played.
▪ DB Mark Fields: At Clemson, has one tackle in four games played.
▪ OL Austin Clark. At Virginia Tech, has not played.
▪ OL Jozie Milton. At TCU, has not played.
▪ OL Paris Palmer: At Penn State, has started six of seven games.Scaffolds are used daily in the construction industry allowing workers to comfortably reach their work. But they also come with the inherent risk of working from heights; falls from scaffolds and scaffold collapse represent two major jobsite concerns. It is because of these dangers that construction managers and workers alike must follow the procedures below… in order to promote a safe work environment.
Scaffolding Construction
• Scaffolds must be properly constructed, set up on solid footing and firmly anchored. The scaffold must be designed by a competent person and constructed according to the intended design.
• Scaffolds should be inspected by a competent person before each use. The inspection should include checking the connections, fastening, tie-ins, braces, guardrails and the planking.
• Do not build your own makeshift scaffolds. Use only proper scaffolds that were engineered for the job. Do not swap out parts from different scaffolds; they will not always match up.
• Use a ladder or built-in staircase to access the scaffold, never climb on scaffold supports. Workers working at heights of 10 feet or more must use a fall protection system while working on the scaffolding.
• Never exceed the recommended load limit. • Never move scaffolding while it is in use or occupied. • Do not erect scaffolds within 10 feet of overhead power lines.
Platforms
• Scaffold platforms should be fully planked with the front edge of the platform within 14 inches the face of the work. This will limit the potential for falling between your work and the scaffold.
• Platforms should extend at least 6 inches over the edge of the frame to prevent movement. They should not extend more than 12 inches beyond the edge to prevent tipping.
• Keep the platforms free of debris. While not in use, keep all tools in your toolbelt, do not lay them on the platform. These practices will help avoid tripping.
• Platform planks must be scaffold grade, and should have not visible signs of defects.
Guardrails
• Platforms must be fully guarded with a toeboard, a midrail half way up, and a top rail. Rails must be able to withstand a 200 pound load.
• Safety netting can be used to catch falling tools and debris, if work is being performed underneath the scaffold.
Following these safety guidelines can help keep you from needlessly suffering a serious scaffolding accident on the jobsite. Take charge, and make sure your volunteers and employees understand, and practice, these safety guidelines.
And remember to always get a signed waiver from all volunteers prior to them working on the jobsite! If you have any questions about this information please call the Habitat for Humanity Affiliate Insurance Program at (888) 553-9002.Gainesville, Florida
Script: Aaron Hoover Camera: Jacob Gordon In collaboration with UF Media Services
Script: Aaron Hoover Production Assistance + Animation: Vivienne Rohan Additional Camera: Thomas Mosley In collaboration with UF Media Services
One of five videos released. Watch them all here:
The spots reached over 3.5 million on Facebook and Twitter and were featured on ESPN's Paul Finebaum Show
Additional footage: Lianne Jepson Production Assistance: Vivienne Rohan
Producer: Kathy Chambers Camera: Jacob Gordon, Thomas Mosely, Zack Read In collaboration with UF Media Services
Camera: Jacob Gordon, Thomas Mosely, Zack Read In collaboration with UF Media Services
TV and radio commercial campaign for Meldon Law Firm
Producer/Director/Editor
Director of Photography: Kyle Kelley
Music: Joel Goodman
Production Assistance + Assistant Editor: Vivienne Rohan
New York City
Director: Lindsey Megrue
Short featured in the Eldridge Street Museum adjacent to the Eldridge Street Synagogue, the oldest synagogue in New York City.
Director: Stephen Ives Consulting editor: George O'Donnell
Led by award-winning director Stephen Ives and producer Amanda Pollak, Insignia Films is a New York City based production company that has been making documentary films for over 25 years. Their work has been broadcast on PBS, HBO and shown at countless film festivals across the country.Current Articles
|
Search
Thanks to all who were able to attend one of the four regional Health Care Forums and answered the follow-up survey questions. Your feedback proved to be invaluable to the Employee Benefits Advisory Committee (EBAC) and Board of Trustees (BOT). After thoughtful discussion and much group input, EBAC made a recommendation to the BOT that was approved at their April 17 meeting.
The Regence/Asuris HDHP will increase 6% in addition to the standard trend increase for the 2016 and 2017 plan years, and in 2018 will move to a tiered rate structure.
In the fall of 2014, the Employee Benefits Advisory Committee (EBAC) and Board of Trustees (BOT) reviewed current medical plan relative and actuarial values, as provided by our broker consultant Aon Hewitt. All plans were found to be in line from an actuarial perspective, except the Regence/Asuris High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP). Further, the impacts of subsidizing employee out-of-pocket costs were discussed.
Employer contribution to a tax favored account elevates the actuarial value of the plan – the higher the contribution, the less the employee pays out-of-pocket. While the EBAC came up with suggestions on how to better align plan rates in the future, the BOT ultimately deferred making a decision in late 2014, and requested further input and information from staff and membership. The BOT also requested the information be provided to them in early 2015, so that decisions impacting 2016 rating would be known by membership in advance of budget preparation.
Staff held four Regional Health Care Forums in February, and asked membership to attend or view the video, and answer a short survey. Because we are a member governed pool, it is paramount that membership have direct input into the decision making process. Your feedback proved to be invaluable to the Employee Benefits Advisory Committee (EBAC) and Board of Trustees (BOT), who met following these Regional Forums.
After thoughtful and interactive discussion, EBAC made a recommendation to the BOT that was approved at their April 17 meeting. Based on this decision, the Regence/Asuris HDHP will increase 6% in addition to the standard trend increase for the 2016 and 2017 plan years, and in 2018 will move to a tiered rate structure based on employer contributions to a tax favored health account.
The AWC Trust actuaries recommended a 6% trend adjustment to the HDHP for 2016-17 as a blended and simplistic approach, allowing one rate for all regardless of tax favored account contributions made by the employer. The pricing was actuarially based on an average contribution to an HSA or HRA of 50% of the deductible. While most employers on this plan contribute more than 50% of the deductible, your EBAC/BOT felt this was a fair compromise, while still moving to get the plan more appropriately rated.
Since the 6% adjustment is added to the necessary rate adjustment for all AWC Trust medical plans, you are probably wondering what the 2016 projections are – it’s still a little early to give estimates, so look to the July issue of For Your Health. However, a rustic calculation using our pure trend, estimates the HDHP rate increase somewhere between 12-15% in 2016. This places the HDHP well below the 2018 Excise Tax by 21% or less, even for those funding 100% of the deductible.
In 2018, the direction is to move the RBS/ANH HDHP to a tiered rating structure, where premium rates will depend on the amount the employer is contributing to a tax favored health plan. Further information and clarification will be known about the Excise Tax, which will be helpful as EBAC and the BOT work to better fine-tune this policy and rating tiers.
This policy positions the Trust to move forward in working to rate the RBS/ANH HDHP appropriately, while still keeping the plan an attractive option and competitively rated. Continuous review of plan growth and experience will occur as membership enrollment shiftManual Control
FINEPLACER® femto - 3D Joystick
Fast and easy machine operation via 3D joystick. Perfect bonding results without a defined process flow and with no programming effort. A helpful tool when combined with the vision system and the measuring function. Switching over from automatic to manual mode is possible at all times.Spring 2008 May 22, 2008December 23, 2017 by AULA Editor Emancipation of Self (Through Loss of an Other) & Others Crystal Moore I Have A Thumb Like Carl Darby Bailey I See Gay People Dale Madison Johnny Loretta Williams Making Movies Martha Woodroof Nobody Thought It Would Rain At God’s Funeral Mike Rosen The Art of Rush Hour Traffic Josh Stewart The End of the World Book Alistair McCartney the jasmine hedge is intoxicating Gretchen Mattox The Masked Boxer Marykate Linehan The Queen’s Greens Darby Bailey Time to Repaint the Barn Darby Bailey Untitled Kurt Bloom Index Copyright Information OM3 Multimode Fiber(MMF)
· 850nm Wavelength
· RoHS Compliant and Lead-Free
· Commercial Temperature Range:0°C to 70°C
Applications
40G Ethernet
Data centers
Infiniband QDR
4G/8G/10G Fibre Channel
Aifon Technology has been focused on 40g qsfp+ aoc active optical direct attach cable 10m since 2009, which is well-known as one of the leading professional manufacturers. Equipped with a productive factory, we warmly welcome you to buy or wholesale our quality, stable and low cost products. And customized service is also available.RICHLAND, Wash. -- Because of its $10 million dollar price tag, 2012 will be the first time since 1984 Washington state is not having a presidential primary due to budget problems. The Evergreen state will instead have caucuses all across Washington on March 3rd.
The one in Benton County will happen at the Three Rivers Convention Center in Kennewick. There will also be one at the Barn in Prosser.. Franklin County has yet to choose the place for it's location, and Yakima County has a list of about ten places. Republicans interested in picking the GOP nominee are encouraged to attend.
The head of the Republican Party for Benton County, Tony Benegas, says it's very important for Republicans to get involved and only a hundred thousand usually do, not much of a representation of the 6.7 million residents in the state.
"Show up and at that point we'll say, sign a note that you are a Republican. We will provide directions and you can sit down with your neighbors. and of course the primary thing is who is your presidential nominee preference," says Benegas.
The candidate chosen at each caucus will be submitted to the state party.Hey little birds.
As many of you may already know, because you watched the kind-of-hilarious-but-very-painful video, I fractured my tailbone in February in Rovaniemi, Finland (in Finnish Lapland). The day after Valentine’s Day, to be exact.
The moments after I initially fractured my tailbone were some of the scariest of my life. I couldn’t get up off the snow or walk, the white-hot pain had enveloped the entire lower half of my body. All I knew is that something was wrong. I just kept saying over and over, “it’s not good, it’s not good, it’s not good.”
It was a huge relief when I finally was able to stand up and hobble to the igloo where we were staying. The first thing I thought to do was take a shower – I needed hot water on the area that had been impacted. But when I got in the shower and let the hot water stream over my tailbone, I realized I couldn’t feel lit. My tailbone was numb, all the skin surrounding my tailbone was numb, and that I had no feeling at all in most of my pelvic region. That was, as you can guess, another really scary moment.
It was hard to believe that one second of my life, sledding like a little kid down a hill, could lead to so much pain.
I won’t tell the entire story again because I told it in this post, but long story short I went to the Rovaniemi hospital and got an x-ray – and it was fractured.
Soon after, I traveled back to NYC – at least I could justify the upgrade to business class from Helsinki to JFK on Finnair, right? Sitting on a broken tailbone for 9 hours in coach is not recommended. At least, that’s what the lady at the Finnair ticket counter said. ;)
A Pelvic Floor Physical Therapist? That’s A Thing?
When I told one of my closest friends, Nicole, what had happened, she said, “GIRL! You have to make an appointment with a pelvic floor therapist immediately. Things are probably all kinds of messed up down there!”
A pelvic floor therapist?
I had never heard of that, but I was intrigued.
“Yeah, make an appointment with Isa Herrera as soon as you can.”
I trust Nicole when it comes to these things, she’s a hormonal health specialist so she’s got the real lowdown on this stuff. As soon as I got back to NYC I made an appointment with Isa, who (luckily for me) has an office in Park Slope, Brooklyn (she also has one in Manhattan, but I like staying on my side of the bridge when I can).
I had no idea what to expect, but I saw on her website that she specialized in healing the coccyx (which I had recently learned is the medically correct word for “tailbone”) so I felt excited to learn more.
My First Pelvic Floor Therapy Appointment
When I got to Isa’s office, I felt like I had just met a new friend. She hugged me and told me she watched my tailbone video on instagram, and she said the same thing Nicole did. “That kind of impact on the coccyx can affect so much more than just the bone being fractured.”
She told me exactly where all the nerves and muscles were located around my tailbone, and explained why I was feeling the numbness. She was like a walking pelvic anatomy book with the way she was talking. I was fascinated by her.
She told me that she sees women all the time who have pelvic pain after childbirth, and that you can actually damage your coccyx (and even fracture it) during birth. Yikes!!
I won’t go into all the details of the different adjustments she made during our session because who wants to hear that, and I’m too Virgo to tell you. But her level of wisdom and insight about how everything “should be working” down there is astounding, I’ll tell you that. And I didn’t get any of this information at the hospital when I went to get my x-ray.
Along with being super anatomy-smart, she also has such a nurturing energy. Along with the physical adjustments and exercises, she works with herbs and natural remedies, energy and breathwork, visualizations and our powerful emotional connection to pelvic pain.
I’ve continued to go to Isa for physical therapy every few weeks and she gives me exercises and massages to do at home to continue to release the tension from the impact of the fracture (some of which I admit I still haven’t done, waaa I’m a rebellious student to my own detriment!), and she also does in-office adjustments that I didn’t even know were a thing — some involving cold laser therapy around my injured tailbone. (And yes…we had a Gwenyth moment and even talked about jade eggs).
I’m not gonna say much more about pelvic regions because I’ll get too shy but I think this topic is SO IMPORTANT, so I had to share. Isa can give you the rest of the details you’re looking for. ;)
Here’s what I do know. Not only is my tailbone going to heal completely but I will be able to thrive pelvically. HAHA! Thrive Pelvically. Did I just make up a word? And I know that one day if I have a child, I’ll know everything I need to know. Because I have Isa on my team.
The One Thing She Made Very Clear…
Every time I talk to Isa, she makes it very clear:
You don’t have to suffer in pain or discomfort.
There are ways to heal. Isa’s work in the world is to give women the tools and knowledge they need to properly self-diagnose pelvic floor dysfunction of any kind – and then teach them how to fix it.
I’m not only talking about people who’ve had injuries. I’m talking if you have any kind of pelvic pain or discomfort, for any reason.
The reason I share this with you is because before Nicole told me about Isa I didn’t even know there was anything else I could do for my injury aside from getting the hospital x-ray and just laying off of it for awhile. Turns out we’re much more intricate beings than that.
Ways To Learn More About Pelvic Floor Therapy
- Watch Isa’s free webinar on pelvic floor dysfunction
- Sign up for Isa’s Pelvic Floor Alchemy online course now (only 1 day left to sign up!) (use coupon code ALCHEMY for $100 off)
- Make an in-person appointment with Isa in New York City
- Read Isa’s book, Ending Female Pain
I love this woman, she’s a champion.
Hope you found this as helpful and eye-opening as I did when Nicole said, “you gotta call Isa.” :)
Lots of love,
Jenny
Joy says
What a journey!! So glad you are feeling better. Do you know how I would find an Isa in LA?
Ashley Pittman says
So…. I didn’t know that this was a “thing” either, but now that I’m seeing a Chiropractor who specialized in maternity, she was telling me about pelvic floor healing / therapy post birth. I’ve added that to my list!! xoxoPlans to release Beauty and the Beast on VHS date back to January 1992 (two months after it came out in theaters on November 22, 1991), and the video was released on October 30, 1992 at a price of $24.99. In its first 12 hours of availability, the video sold an unprecedented rate of 10 times more copies than Fantasia did. In its first two days, during the end of October 1992, sales were three times larger than Disney's next best-selling title, 101 Dalmatians. At a total of 20 million copies sold, Beauty and the Beast eventually became the best-selling cassette of 1992 and broke the record for the best-selling cassette of the year. Along with all of the 1992 titles, Beauty and the Beast was also sent back to the Disney Vault in April 1993.
The laserdisc version marks Beauty and the Beast as the first Disney animated feature to be presented in letterbox widescreen format, and also includes the documentary "Be Our Guest: The Making of Beauty and the Beast", which first aired on the Disney Channel on the same day when the film itself was released in theaters, and again on April 17, 1993, when the Disney Channel celebrated its 10th anniversary.
Synopsis
A modern movie masterpiece. Disney's Beaut and the Beast waltzed away with six Academy Award nominations including Best Picture -- the first ever for an animated film. Along with winning the prestigious Best Picture Golden Globe Award, it now ranks among history's most highly acclaimed cinematic achievements. When the film's beautiful book-loving heroine, Belle, sings the first of an unprecedented three Oscar-nominated songs you too will fall instantly under its spell. However, it is the spell of an enchantress that opens this classic fairy tale, turning a cruel price into a hideous beast. His stubborn pride compels him to remain in his bewitched castle-inhabited my Lumiere the love struck candelabra. Cogsworth the pompous clock, the kindly Mrs. Potts and an inquisitive little teacup named Chip. To break the spell, the Beast must win Belle's love before the last petal falls from an enchanted rose. With a colorful cast of endearing Disney characters, Beauty and the Beast will enthrall both young and old, forever reminding us that true beauty comes from within.
VHS Supplements
On some earlier copies, the video preview for Pinocchio is seen after the film and before the preview for 101 Dalmatians.
The middle copies do not have the preview for Pinocchio, either at the beginning, or at the end.
Advertised on:
Theatrical Release
1992 VHS
- 101 Dalmatians (1992 VHS)
- The Great Mouse Detective (1992 VHS)
- The Rescuers (1992 VHS)
- So Dear to My Heart (1992 VHS)
In Other Countries
Television broadcasts
Beauty and the Beast premiered on the Disney Channel on May 15, 1994. It aired several more times through July 16.
Websites
- VHS (Amazon.com)
- VHS; Deluxe Collector's Edition (Amazon.com)
- VHS; Spanish language edition (Amazon.com)
- VHS (Amazon.co.uk)
GalleryG'day everyone,
I'm new to the RISC scene, recently playing around with a Marvell Sheevaplug which was way too powerful for the projects I was playing with:
bluetooth pager/mobile phone advertising
(Next I'm just going to add a USB VGA card to it and use it as a carputer)
What it did do however was get me hooked on more efficient ways of providing services on a network using headless embedded devices.
I've been looking for a new board for my next project, a firewall/proxy/web/email server. But there is so many selections on the market when it comes to RISC architecture...ARM, PPC, MIPS appear to be the most commonly available.
Is there a rule of thumb when it comes to choosing architecture? Is there a comparison chart for architecture and clock rates to "computing power"?
Cheers,
Griffo angle glaucoma.
Glaucoma can cause complete blindness if untreated which is why your Comprehensive Eye Exam comes with a Glaucoma test.
We’re thrilled that the FDA approves of another option for the treatment of Glaucoma.
More about the drug:
Zioptan is an eye drop that should be used once daily in the evening. In clinical studies up to 24 months in duration, patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension treated with Zioptan in the evening showed reduced eye pressure at three and six months.
Best Regards,
MPO EyecareDill appears to be a young, mixed Carolina Dog. He is medium-sized, has the tell-tale tall ears, well-developed chest, and tucked up belly that are signature features of the breed. Another indication is that he’s a bit bashful. After learning that you’re a trustworthy soul, he will craftily sneak kisses and retreat to watch for your reaction. He finds security and comfort in order and calm. Allowing him to be in his comfort zone will help him to naturally and easily learn to step outside of it. Like a true puppy dog, he loves toys and to run around the yard. This young and active guy needs plenty of room to romp and play. Matched with the right person, Dill will be an amazing and loyal companion dog.
Petite and delicate Munchie is as beautiful of a cat as there can be. Her apple green eyes are mesmerizing and her multi-colored coat of yellow, tan, and orange, with contrasting black tabby stripes, make her a visual stand-out in any crowd. Couple her looks with her laid back and loving personality and this cat is the whole package! She likes other cats and dogs and people of all ages. Munchie is a turn-key pet, if there ever)Little.
And while some pizzas can be part of a healthy diet, this pizza is not one of them; each slice reportedly has 450 calories.
Little Caesars will be offering the pie from Feb. 23 through late April.
It is the latest eyebrow-raising bacon stunt at a time when there seems to be a bacon version of everything, from toothpaste to vodka to shaving cream.
Read next: The Ultimate Bacon Guide
>.
SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT
In otherwords, if you have a single css file being used by a web page that references any more than 6 images to be used in your content, anything after the 6th may not properly load (unless you embed some kind of limited asset loader in your javascript to make sure no more than 5 requests are open at any one time. Presumably, the browser won't start processing the css until at least the page using it and the css containing the images are both fully loaded and complete. Of course, the browser may still be requesting other CSS, javascript or images at the same time also, further limiting the number of things that can be downloaded simultaneously when the limit is 5 total. This way, anything referenced by the css will be included with just 1 request. Similar mechanisms can be employed in HTML also, but would be self-defeating as you couldn't re-use those assets elsewhere, where with css you can just by loading the one css file.)In the spirit of full disclosure, melaniewinters.com is a compensated affiliate meaning we may make a small commission when you click on/purchase something through the links in this post.
This lasagna is going to make you friends (not that I bribe people with food to be my friends or anything...). If you're going to make it, you might as well double the recipe and make an extra for a friend in need. It's easy to make, easy to refrigerate or freeze for future baking and everyone likes to channel their inner Garfield and house a delicious lasagna from time to time.
Most recently I made this for a neighbor who just had their first baby. Our neighborhood sets up a Meal Train for parents with new babies where others can sign up to bring by a dinner during the first few weeks. Very cute idea and a nice way to meet your neighbors in a new neighborhood! Anyways, I figured if I was going to make them one it wouldn't be fair to leave my husband and I lasagna-less so I made two and I sure don't regret it.
I could make one of these every week. I love having lasagna left-overs for lunch everyday even if my waistline disagrees. I think if you added some chopped kale to the sausage and mushroom mixture you would pretty much have made it a health food so there's always that...
Ingredients
1 9-oz package of Simply Balanced Gluten Free Oven Ready Lasagna Noodles
3 cups/24 oz. ricotta cheese
¾ to 1 c. grated parmesan cheese plus ½ to 1 c. for layering and topping
½ c. fresh chopped fresh basil
1 egg, lightly beaten
salt & pepper to taste
1 lb shredded mozzarella
16 oz package Jimmy Dean Hot Sausage
2 to 3 c. chopped mushrooms
1 c. Prego Italian Sausage & Garlic Pasta Sauce*
1 jar Prego Three Cheese or Roasted Garlic and Herb or Fresh Mushroom Pasta Sauce*
*Most of the Prego pasta sauces are gluten free. To check your favorites, visit their website.
Below are a few of my favorites - ordering in bulk online is always a great option!
Melanie Winters is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
It's best to make giant batches of the ricotta and sausage mixtures - everyone knows 2 lasagnas are better than 1!
Don't be afraid to break the lasagna noodles to fit your pan. I break them by pushing against the counter - doing it just with your hands may cause them to shatter.
Directions
Preheat Oven to 400 degrees
In a large pan, brown the pork sausage, breaking up large pieces. About half-way through browning, add mushrooms. Once browned, remove to paper towel lined plate to drain.
Combine sausage, mushrooms, and 1 c. Italian Sausage pasta sauce in bowl.
In a separate mixing bowl, combine ricotta, ¾ to 1 c. grated parmesan, basil, egg, salt and pepper.
Coat a 9x13 baking dish with nonstick spray. Spread a thin layer of pasta sauce on the bottom. Top with layer of noodles, break pieces as necessary to fill base. Cover with ½ of the ricotta mixture. Spread meat mixture over next. Then top with mozzarella cheese and a thin layer of pasta sauce. Place another layer of noodles. Repeat layering. Place third layer of noodles, top with pasta sauce, mozzarella and parmesan cheese.
Spray foil with nonstick cooking spray. Place cooking spray side down and cover lasagna tightly. Bake at 400 for 30 minutes covered. Remove foil and bake an additional 20 minutes uncovered. Let rest before serving.Things are looking up for the Saints.
Drew Brees led a touchdown drive as the Saints opened the preseason last night with a win the Hall of Fame Game and the NFL reportedly has offered to reduce linebacker Jonathan Vilma’s year-long Bountygate suspension to eight games.
The settlement, sources told ESPN, is contingent on Vilma dropping a civil lawsuit against commissioner Roger Goodell for defamation of character. A deal could be struck before a court date Friday in the defamation suit.
Brees was sharp on the 10-play drive, completing 4 of 5 passes for 41 yards, then yielded to backup Chase Daniel, who threw for 203 yards and a touchdown to lead the 17-10 victory over the Cardinals in Canton, Ohio.
Cardinals quarterback Kevin Kolb was shaken up on a hard tackle and left the game with bruised ribs. He walked off the field without assistance.
A crew of officials with college experience worked the game, filling in for regulars locked out in a labor dispute with the NFL.
SEAHAWKS: Out-of-work wide receiver Terrell Owens will get a tryout today, the team confirmed.
Owens hasn’t played in the NFL since the 2010 season with Cincinnati when he caught 72 passes for 983 yards and nine touchdowns. The 38-year-old Owens didn’t get any NFL offers last season after surgery on his left knee. He was released from the Allen Wranglers of the Indoor Football League in May.
TITANS: Wide receiver Kenny Britt is scheduled to meet today with officials at the NFL office.
Britt was charged with driving under the influence July 20, his eighth run-in with police since he was drafted in 2009. He could be facing a suspension for his latest alleged incident.
LIONS: Defensive end Cliff Avril reported to training camp and signed his tender that will pay him $10.6 million this season as franchise-tagged player. He missed more than a week of practice.
“Ready to get this thing rolling,” he said.
BEARS: Wide receiver Devin Thomas, a former Giant, retired.
Thomas announced his decision via Twitter. Thomas was trying to make the Bears as a reserve receiver and special teams player.Rs90,000.00
CFP cost hyedrabad
Item Details:
- Address Map: mumbai kandiwali west xth centreal mall mahavir nager
- Indian City: Ahmedabad
- State: Andhra Pradesh
- Main Keywords of the Ad: CFP course
- This Ad is Meant For-: India
- Contact Numbers: 9167362201
- Expires: 40 days, 14 hours
Item Description:
*“Most Imp USP of Video Learning Kit was convenience; I was able to watch whenever I get time. It was exactly like a classroom training.”*
Ms. Asawari Godbole, MBA (Finance), Ex. Equity Research Analyst with a leading stock broking company, Thane enrolled in our Video Learning Kit in Nov.16 and successfully completed her CFP certification in challenge pathway with a “B” (60%+) on 24th March 2017.
Right now, She is working with V R Wealth Advisor (CFP & SEBI RIA ) as a Lead Associate since May 2017.
*Key Benefits of CFP certification with Mr. Keyur Shah*
1) Personal Benefits: Paying off Loans, Goal planning for me, my family members, closed less suitable products & invested in Suitable products.
2) Benefits of Video Learning: Classroom Training provided you are self-disciplined, Convenience of Learning.
3) Benefits in my Professional Career
Watch her success story 4more detail
285th Success Story
“Most Imp USP of Video Learning Kit was convenience; I was able to watch whenever I get time. It was exactly like a classroom training.”
CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER
9819206069
*Be a Future Ready…Be a (MFFWP – CFP) MASTER IN FAMILY FINANCIAL WELLNESS PLANNER & PORTFOLIO MANAGER with India’s Best Expert Coach Mr. Keyur Shah.*
13 Key Features of MFFWP – CFP Training Workshop
Pls visit below link for more detail
WEB : thecfpaspirantclubindia.com/training-workshops-jan16/Add to favoritesFavorited by 25 people.
42 total views, 2 today
Language courses : Learn English French German Japanese language @FLAT 35% ...
Learn French German Japanese language @FLAT 35% DISCOUNT & Learn English language @FLAT 50% DUSCOUNT *JOB GUARANTEED* *FREE DEMO CLASS* *BEST FACULTY IN PUNE* Register […]November 13, 2017
101 total views,
718 total views, 2
5)You have no items in your shopping cart.
Production system starter pack with 3 cameras for studio or mobile production.
Very cost effective production system includes new HD/4K handheld camera JVC GY-HM200 with streaming processor and internet connectivity - enable full camera control via WiFi or UTP cable. With SDI cables between camera and 6 input BM ATEM Television studio switcher you get very reliable and durable HD video connection. Switcher provide all basic live production features, including graphics, multi view monitoring and streaming output.
We also offer integration, support and education. Ask our experts for an offer.
News Management Complete System. V.D.M. archiving - research - playlist - Virtual Studio - automatic audio/video news control room
This bundle includes:
Get the UltraHD PPU Bundle containing ATEM 1 M/E Production Studio 4K switcher, HyperDeck Studio 12G recorder, and Blackmagic Audio Monitor.
Gear up for Ultra HD production with industry-proven Blackmagic Design technology.
Streamstar SDI Turnkey system is ready to use windows base, one piece computer with SDI and HDMI inputs / HD-SDI and streaming H.264 outputs. This system is very suitable for sport productions (slowmotions, replays, live graphics) as well as for other mobile productions. The Streamstar SW is the most advanced, innovative and versatile live production and streaming software, that enables users to easily produce and stream professional, live, multi-camera video productions.
System instalation and test is also included in the bundle.
Turnkey Production System Streamstar IP allows you to produce and broadcast program with IP connected cameras - from near studio or from any remote location connected to the internet. With IP connection users get also full remote camera controll. The Streamstar SW is the most advanced, innovative and versatile live production and streaming software, that enables users to easily produce and stream professional, live, multi-camera video productions.
Streamstar CASE 500.
2 camera 2Ru Rackmount professional live production and streaming system.
Live production and streaming studio in a compact..Ames High School's state ranking by Niche.com
M. T. Th. F: 7:50 a.m.– 3:05 p.m. • Wed. Hours: 9:15 a.m.– 3:05 p.m. • Spence Evans, Principal
Monday, January 15, Professional Development day.
( No Classes for Students )
Tuesday, January 16, Ames High Teacher Workday.
( No Classes for Students )
2nd Semester classes will begin on Wednesday, Jan. 17
Ames High School puts students first, providing a welcoming, supportive culture where students connect and grow through rigorous instruction, fine arts, athletics and extracurricular clubs and activities.
Iowa’s No. 1 High School NICHE.com
We prepare students for a lifetime of learning and citizenship, whether they pursue four-year college, vocational training or an alternative path.
Ames High Points of Pride
Ames High's state ranking in the 2017 U.S. News and World Report
Number of Ames High students who have been named United States Presidential Scholars
Number of students in the Ames High Class of 2018 named National Merit Semi-Finalists
Number of students named AP Scholars based on 2017 scores on AP exams
Number of students named AP Scholars with Honors based on 2017 scores on AP exams
Number of students named AP Scholars with Distinction based on 2017 scores on AP exams
Number of students named National AP Scholars based on 2017 scores on AP exams
Number of students who earned a perfect 36 on one or more sub-tests for 2016-17 ACT
Ames High School's Iowa ranking for 2014 OECD International science, mathematics, reading test
News
- Iowa Teacher of the Year: Aileen Sullivan
- Rev’n for Seven: Girls Swimming and Diving Win 7th State Championship
- Youth Diversity and Inclusion Summit
- Thirteen Ames High Students named National Merit Scholar Semi-FinalistsSummer is in full swing all around the northern hemisphere, and while summer brings with it common sights and feelings, it's just not the same summer everywhere. That's why I decided to showcase some typical summer scenes from Southeast Europe, specifically the Balkan region. I have put together a set of images that will take us from Slovenia in the northwest, all the way to Greece in the far southeast, displayed in no particular order.
click on the images for a bigger view
1. Sailing into SummerSibenik, Croatia
2. Midday in the Old TownPerast, Montenegro
3. A Cool Summer EveningTrebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina
4. A view to the other SidePodvelez, Bosnia and Herzegovina
5. Last FerryOrebic, Croatia
6. Lost insideKorcula, Croatia
7. Point of no return
Hvar, Croatia
8. A Morning Coffee
Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina
9. Sunset CruiseAdriatic Sea
10. A Hidden GetawayDonji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina
11. Rusty RemainsNavagio Beach, Greece
12. Along the River StreamSemisnica, Bosnia and Herzegovina
13. Sunset over the mountainsProzor, Bosnia and Herzegovina
14. Island JewelBled, Slovenia
15. Mountain CottagesSanica, Bosnia and Herzegovina
I hope you enjoyed these sights from my corners of the world.
How is summer treating you?
They are all marvellous images. The 'sunglasses' reflection is super.
Beautiful places and photo's! The last one have a lovely light.
Brilliant photographs, I especially like No.4. It's unique. I wish we had a decent summer, it has been very disappointing.
Thanks. My cousin Azra came up with the idea and I loved it as well.
These are gorgeous photos.
Thank you for linking up at
Thanks Sue!
I'd enjoy an hour or so taking pictures of those ships.
I'm sure you'd have a great time! :D
Beautiful series, Mersad. So intriguing and so inviting that I became totally absorbed in them!
Thank you so much Laura.
Wonderful pictures , my favourite is nr. 4 although all the others show me a part of the world i've never been to but do want to go sometime.
You've linked up this post to ABC-Wednesday... is that right? I couldn't find a link to us, and i can't seem to find the C ... wich is the theme of this week...
Anyway:
Thank you for this entry and participating in the challenge!
Have a nice day, ♫ Mel☺dy ♫ (ABC-W-Team)
C is for Cruise and Coast which is more then enough represented in the images. The link back is under "Where I'm Linking To". Thanks for your comment and visit!
Thank you for sharing ! These pictures make me feel like visiting these countries !!
HI Mersad OUTSTANDING photography. Love the creative way you used the glasses.
Hello Mersad, what an awesome series of photos and places to visit. I have a hard time picking a favorite, they are all beautiful. Have a happy day!
Beautiful summer images. The shot through the sunglasses intrigued me. It's something I've thought of doing but have never tried.
All these wonderful sights makes me want to hop on a plane right now!
Superb, glorious captures, Mersad, as always, and as always, a wonderful way to begin my day!! And, yes, I'm ready to get on a plane right now, too!, however your pics are the next best thing to being there!! Thanks as always for sharing the beauty!!! Hope your week is going well!!
I truly enjoyed this grand tour through your lens. Places I would never see otherwise. I especially liked No. 4.
Schöne Bilder.
Das Bild mit der Sonnenbrille habe ich auch schon gemacht, aber näher an die Linse, daß man die Brille nicht sieht, also eigentlich nur als zweite Linse genutzt.
Du warst schon bei Navagio? Ich bin großer Griechenlandfan und war schon an sehr vielen Orten in Griechenland, aber Zakynthos ist zu voll mit einer Art von Touristen und irgendwie fehlt mir von dort der Feeling, was mir sonst so Griechenland gibt, deshalb bin ich noch nicht dort gewesen.
Liebe Grüße
Meine Schwester war unter anderem auf dem Navagio Strand. Ich teile deine Ansichten was Zakynthos als Reiseziel angeht.
Some truly wonderful shots here--- Absolutely!
I've never been on a cruise. someday...
ROG, ABCW
Gorgeous photos. I really liked the sunglass one,very unique.
Beautiful travel guide!
These are indeed lovely shots. Every time you post travel photos, I'm like a little kid in a cafeteria: I want one of everything. I particularly liked the photos of Perast and Bled!
These are indeed lovely shots. Every time you post travel photos, I'm like a little kid in a cafeteria: I want one of everything. I particularly liked the photos of Perast and Bled!
I have been to four of these places. My favorite photo is of Perast, a place I have not visited. I loved the near scene of houses and a tower along the coastline, with the dramatic mountains so close behind.
My summer has been taken up with trying to clean out my house in West Hartford after 35 years. Time to get it ready to sell.
That's a really big step. Hopefully you will document it and show some of it on your blog.
These are, as always, stunning photos! You do such a good job of capturing not only the look of a place but the feel as well.
Summer here has been preoccupied with moving into our new home and finding a job here at home...with a little photo-taking thrown in for good measure. It is winding down, though - teachers report for work beginning tomorrow and students return to classes in a week. It is too soon, and I've not gotten enough done this summer.
Stopping by from Imagine-in-ing!
Yeah, summer can fly by quickly when it comes to vacations. It takes a while in order to get going on chores, and by the time regular work returns, there is always a lot left to do. Good luck with the new home and school year.
Again, you photos are breathtaking!!! I do enjoy my visits here!
I love to cruise, planning another,.
Ann
Every scene is absolutely gorgeous...I think I'd like to be on the boat on the Adriatic sea right now :)
brilliantly lovely photographs!
These are just so gorgeous! I long to step inside these photographs.
Gorgeous place and fantastic photos!
Happy Weekend to you,
artmusedog and carol
Stunning pictures.
nobody recycling the abandoned ship for scrap metal?
Gorgeous collection of photos! Perfection from morning till night!
Wonderful sights that you captured so beautifully.
The View from the Top of the Ladder
a beautiful series of images.
Stunning photos!
Wow - all your shots are superb!
Beautiful images! Thanks for sharing. I especially love that castle in a small island surouded by beautiful grees. What a lovely site!
Summer is definitely gorgeous in Europe. Enjoy the remaining days.
These are all wonderful images. How I would love to travel!
I don't know why it has taken me so long to discover your blog, but I am certainly glad I did. Beautiful, make that, stunning images of summer!
Absolutely stunning!
I am always so taken with your photos. I would love to sit on that platform by the river. Love the clever sunglasses shot, but all the scenery is beautiful.... Michelle
Oh how beautiful!!! I'd love to just come spend the summer in your world!!!
I love summer out your way!
And I especially loved the picture taken through the sunglasses!
Very klever!
thanks for linking to the letter K.
A+
beautiful images
A beautiful series of photos!
If I had to pick a favorite - Along the River Stream - I would love to sit there beside the water.
Beautiful scenes. I am hoping that I will be able to travel in Croatia and Slovenia someday. These photos are too tempting.
Worth a Thousand Words
Awesome! Looks like summer in the Balkans is the way to go (at least, I wish that was a reality for me).
Mersad. You need to make a book of your amazing photographs...The face. The frequent activation of the body’s stress response leads to a state of chronic hypervigilance, unleashing a cascade of stress hormones and other stress-mediating physiological agents that can lead to a host pf health conditions – metabolic syndrome, reproductive disorders, chronic fatigue syndrome, autoimmune disorders, and many others.
The adaptogens are an important therapeutic category of herbs that can reduce not only stress-related symptoms, but prevent or mitigate the long-term effects of stress on the body, thus reducing our allostatic load. They are used to promote a sense of well-being, improve energy and stamina, reduce fatigue, improve immunity, and enhance mental concentration, and promote hormonal balance due to their regulating effects on the HPA axis. In so doing, they aide the body’s innate ability, when thrown off by stressors, to recover homeostatic balance or homeostasis. In Traditional Chinese Medicine and Ayurveda, these herbs are considered the Kings and Queens of the herbal tonic world.
Learning Objectives:
- Review the role and importance of the HPA axis and stress response in modern health and chronic illness
- Understand the concept of adaptogens
- Discuss 5 common herbal adaptogens, their applications, safety, and potential herb-drug interactions
Recorded: February 2015Due to experience, Private Investigators Newcastle inside Newcastle are always very familiar with the information and services provided in the private investigation industry.
One of The popular services which we provide is our matrimonial investigation within Newcastle.
Throughout the years our Tyne and Wear customers have been assisted in discovering information about their individual case.
Many of our clients need help putting their minds to rest in Newcastle they come to us with the hope we will conduct help them move on with their lives.
You can place your trust on Private Investigators Newcastle in Newcastle we can render to you a high quality of assistance with whatever your individual situation may be.
Private Investigators Newcastle operates along with a company of adept and highly skilled experts to provide solutions and dig for the realistic facts to your specific needs.
You are beginning to worry that your wife's 'male friend' with whom she is spending a lot of time with these days in Whitley Bay is trouble by replacing you.
Spending the nights out in Newcastle as well as spending time at the gym with each other is making you feel worried.
The male friend can be well traced with the right support of a Private Investigators Newcastle Matrimonial investigation to exactly determine if there is anything suspicious about him. [read more]
Your husband or wife may accused you of infidelity in hopes to hide their own cheating and make you the one to blame.
A pattern has been formulated in their accusations and causing a argument dependent on their mood, which ends with them storming out.
This is in a mastered and polished manner to leave the Whitley Bay home In relation to us fulfilling their Newcastle lover without having to providing you any information or making any excuses.
You can heavily rely on skilled detectives of Private Investigators Newcastle to carry a thorough matrimonial investigation in Newcastle to get together the facts that showed of your spouse's infidelity. [read more]
The over-possessiveness and jealousy of your partner has recently started increasing along with allegations regarding unfaithfulness in Newcastle, and You are simply sick and tired of these completely wrong and never-ending claims.
He has been cheated on in the past and you feel this may be due to you admitting that you have been unfaithful towards your previous boyfriend in Newcastle.
You can count on Private Investigators Newcastle we can handle a thorough matrimonial investigation in Newcastle to check whether your boyfriend had been cheated on in his previous relationships. [read more]
Your spouse has cheated on you before due to which you have always had trust problems with them in Wallsend.
Prevent fears of your spouses infidelity from paying on your mind and affecting day to day life by looking into these suspicions in Whitley Bay.
In Newcastle, the matrimonial lie detector test could be carried out to learn if your partner is once more or even continues to be visiting a previous lover once again.
Inside Newcastle, by way of a Private Investigators Newcastle lie detector test, you understand view of the spouse's questionable steps inside of Cramlington. [read more]
You have just bought a new phone inside Cramlington, and since the old phone didn't have internet you have joined Facebook, therefore you are properly provided with the new phone far more than the old one.
Your spouse is becoming suspicious you are being unfaithful due to the fact your partner thinks you spend too long via phone message phone in Cramlington.
Inside Newcastle, Private Investigators Newcastle offers it's clients having a Matrimonial Background Check service that may allow you to show your partner that you are not being disloyal. [read more]
In Newcastle, my partner is virtually on Facebook all day and all night and I have a feeling she has met someone on there.
Within Newcastle, Private Investigators Newcastle, might provide you with assistance through performing a Matrimonial Investigation about Newcastle
They've got knowledgeable and also specialist researchers inside Newcastle that will deal with what exactly is happening and find out the important points to meet all of your needs and requirements. [read more]
Your wife has all of a sudden started showing interest in education and has even joined a course in Newcastle but you rarely see her doing any college work at home.
I am confused about why my spouse is not doing her college work and I are positive that she is having a relationship with somebody else in the Newcastle area.
Because of an intensive matrimonial investigation within Newcastle, you can find out whether your lover has been disloyal or not.
Private Investigators Newcastle have been bogged down by some situation to share their experience within Newcastle through conducting a Matrimonial Investigation we'll understand the reality. [read more]
My partner in Tyne and Wear has gone, and I am left with a home to sustain and a lot of bills to cover.
I would like Private Investigators Newcastle to help me to discover where they live as I have no idea.
You can heavily count on Private Investigators Newcastle Matrimonial Investigation in Newcastle to observe if this was a pre-planned move or not.Stromness is a former whaling station on the northern coast of South Georgia Island in the South Atlantic. It was the destination of Ernest Shackleton's rescue journey in 1916.
It is the central of three harbors in the west side of Stromness Bay, South Georgia. The name "Fridtjof Nansen" or Nansen appeared for this harbor on some early charts, but since about 1920 the name Stromness has been consistently used. The name Stromness comes from the town of that name in Orkney, UK.
In 1907 a "floating factory" was erected in Stromness Harbor;. center which also was the home of the Norwegian whaling station's manager. This building has been dubbed the "Villa at Stromness" because it represents relative luxury compared to its surroundings. After three try’s all men were eventually.
The highlight for me was to get great photos of the South Georgia Pintail.
© 2010 David Comings Contact MeR.
After her heart rate severely dropped during contractions, Ms. Williams gave birth to her daughter on September 1, 2017, via emergency cesarean section. She thought she was having another blood clot, and told the medical staff she needed a CT scan and treatment for blood clots. Coughing from the embolism caused her incision to open up. Now Serena feels stronger and motivated to return to competition, which she is expected to do in March, at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
To prevent more clots from dislodging and traveling into her lungs, Ms. Williams told Vogue she underwent another surgery to have a filter inserted into one of her veins.
Serena Williams (new mom, tennis champ and general badass who isn't afraid to advocate for her own health) is sharing her daughter's birth story for the first time. "But on top of everything she was going through, the feeling of not being able to help made it even harder".
"I've been like this my whole life and I embrace me", she said on Good Morning America.
Saudi women attend football match for first time
Lamya Khaled Nasser, a 32-year-old from Jeddah, told Agence France-Press she was proud and looking forward to the match. Women joined male spectators on Friday at the domestic soccer league match in the western city of Jeddah.
Vogue says she spent six weeks unable to get out bed.
She quipped to America's Vogue magazine: "I was like, listen to Dr. Williams!"
The American, who won the title past year in Melbourne despite being in the early weeks of pregnancy to take her grand slam tally to 23, decided against trying to defend her title, saying she was not yet fully up to speed. It is not an exaggeration to state that if Williams hadn't been famous, and especially if she were in a hospital in the inner city or a rural area, she may never have returned home with her daughter. "Consider for a moment that your body is one of the greatest things on this planet, and you're trapped in it".
"This is how you know that racism in medicine can impact anyone at any income level", writer Mikki Kendall said.. I guess that's just who I am. But eventually, they did give her a CT scan, which indeed showed that she had several blood clots in her lungs, known as pulmonary embolisms, according to Vogue. "(The) incredible letdown every time you hear the baby cry ... Or I'll get angry about the crying, then sad about being angry, and then guilty, like, "Why do I feel so sad when I have a handsome baby?" Venus last won a Slam in 2008 but she enjoyed a renaissance a year ago, when she reached two Grand Slam finals and returned to the world top five. Williams was able to discuss the trauma of her birth experience from the safety of her living room, but many other American women, especially those also of color, nearly certainly would not have had the same experience.
"I would hate her to have to deal with comparisons or expectations", she explained.
"She has set high goals for herself, one of which is beating Margaret Court's 24 Grand Slam titles" record and regaining the world no. 1 spot. I'm well aware of the record books, unfortunately.I'm not a man so I can't say I know the first thing about wearing men's undergarments. But, lucky for me, I've got a husband and one teen son at home! They'll give me their opinion if I ask. And I'm the "blessed" woman who gets to do their laundry.
Logan's a little more pickier on brand names for apparel but Jason is way more into comfort and fit. Jason was my guinea pig for SwampButt Underwear. (Gosh, I love that name!)
Men’s Performance SwampButt Underwear is perfect for the guy who has sweat issues south of the belt or just likes to be comfortable. These drawers were created to draw sweat away from the skin and are made with 91% polyester and 9% spandex. Additional benefits and features include:
Form fitting with natural coverage
Wicks away moisture for improved wearability
Quick drying
Extends to mid-thigh
Great strength and resilience
Signature logo on waistband
Machine wash and dry
SwampButt Underwear is available in five colors and four sizes. I went with Jason's usual size, large. The one and only complaint Jason had about this underwear is that he wish he'd gotten them in X-large. They fit him great around the waist but are pretty snug around his thick legs.
SwampButt Underwear covers the backside, so your man won't have a plumber's crack. It also extends to mid-thigh so your guy doesn't have to worry about getting a full-blown wedgie from the playground bully. As a girl who sees her guy wearing SwampButt Underwear, I like how they accentuate my, ahem, man and I like the feel of them. Let it be noted, men, that the underwear has the pee-pee opening in the front for when you need to do a #1.
4 comments:
I kind of just love the name of these underwear lol. my husband would think that's hilarious.
The name does make me smile. Looks like a good choice for sweaty guys.
slehan at juno dot com
Nobody I know uses a pee pee opening...or even calls it that...lolAbout me:
I have a proven track record as a teacher as well as experience in other relevant fields, such as public speaking, administration and management. I have a professional and personal interest in English language teaching that motivates me to deliver well-planned, dynamic and understandable lessons to my students.Every now and then someone asks for an interview and they need a bio or a photo or a media badge with the Crew of 42 logo. Here it is. The bio is under the “about” tab. If you’d like me to be a guest on your show or for an interview write me at lburke007@gmail.com. Thanks. LSophia Bush, Hilarie Burton and the female cast of One Tree Hill joined with the show's crew to write a letter accusing former showrunner Mark Schwahn of "traumatizing" sexual harassment on the set of the popular TV drama.
The letter was penned."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the
Conversation Guidelines and FAQsOrange Apps releases MicroKart - Makes Big Debut on the App Store
Mar 25, 2009Orange Apps releases MicroKart - Makes Big Debut on the App Store
Mar 25, 2009 - Orange Apps today announced MicroKart for iPhone. Built using the Unity gaming engine, MicroKart brings you back to childhood days as you race a toy Hummer around a 3D table, and living room. Users race against a computer opponent as they weave through cups and plates, and avoid furniture to complete the courses. MicroKart has found solid ground in the iTunes App Store, as it has climbed to #56 in Apple's top Free Gaming Apps in just 4 days.October 30, 2017
According to RT, Paul Manafort and Rick Gates were told to surrender in the Mueller Russia probe today. Paul Manafort and Rick Gates have been indicted on 12 counts which includes conspiracy against the United States according to RT. These indictments were unsealed today.
We had known that the Special Counselor Robert Mueller had advised Manafort that he would most likely be indicted. This came as no surprise. What did come as a surprise was the arrest and indictment of George Papadopoulos, Trumps former Volunteer Foreign Policy Campaign Advisor. He was one of many volunteers. He had only met once with the advisory council, it seems as though he might of taken steps into his own hands. According to the White House Press Secretary, any of Papadopoulos’s meetings were pushed back, so any steps he took were of his own accord.
Papadopoulos is being accused of making false false statements to the FBI. You can read the indictment HERE, which was filed October 5, 2017.
Some of the counts that Manafort is facing are money laundering to the tune of around 18 million which was used for Trump Campaign money to buy property, goods and services according to Fox News, which were concealed from the US Treasury and the Department of Justice. He is also facing “Conspiracy Against the USA.”
COURT DOCS: Manafort, Gates indicted in first charges from Russia probe
Manafort and Gates acted as unregistered agents of the Government of Ukraine where they made tens of millions of dollars in income as reported by Fox News. Manafort didn’t register as an agent until June of 2017.
This in no way shows any collusion with Russia on President Trump’s part, but it just might lead to the real collusion artists Hillary Clinton and John Podesta. It is Manafort’s role as a liasion between Russia and the Podesta Group that is drawing scrutiny, as well as the false “Russian Dossier” that the Hillary Campaign and DNC paid for.
We also know that an unknown republican was paying for this Dossier information during the GOP primary in order to discredit Trump. Could this of been Senator John McCain? Maybe, maybe not, but Trey Gowdy thinks that money which was used to pay for the Dossier may have been laundered through a law firm to avoid transparency laws. That doesn’t look good for Hillary at all. You can watch Trey Gowdy talking about this in this .
Also, the “Uranium Deal” that was signed off by then Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton. This all ties into Russian collusion…this indictment of Manafort may alleviate a second Special Counsel appointed for the Deep State and potential indictments when they question him during the Grand Jury trial. This is all bound to come out. Why was it that the Clinton campaign was never cooperative with the FBI when they asked for the DNC server?
Remember, back in 2009 the FBI was gathering evidence of kick backs, bribes, money laundering that Russia was using to influence Russia’s hold on the American Uranium market. This information comes from Fox News. Later on the Obama administration’s DOJ let it ride and never did anything to stop it. This will all come out! James Comey was head of the FBI then and should of done something!
Something of interest concerning Tony Podesta; today he resigned from his firm, along with the CEO Kimberley Fritts, who is said to be leaving to start her own lobbying shop. The Podesta Group employees are not expected to receive paychecks past November 15. Could this possibly signal some type of freezing of monies? Seems like she is distancing herself from the Podesta Group. Annnnd…I’m not done…get this, Hillary Clinton was seen this past weekend conversing with, non-other than Tony Podesta, as reported by Breitbart. Seems he found out Mueller was investigating him! Wow, this reminds me of the Clinton/Lynch tarmac meeting! Remember to, Bill Clinton has distanced himself from Hillary. Wonder why?
And then, it gets even better…Podesta is just now registering money as foreign agents…oops it doesn’t work that way!
I believe wholeheartedly that the truth will come out in the Grand Jury trial, as Hillary Clinton and Manafort go back a long ways. According to RealClear Politics, a source, who we now know was an ex- senior employee of the Podesta group that wants to remain anonymous, told Tucker Carlson of Fox News that Manafort and the Podesta brothers are the real central figures that the Special Counsel is looking at. You can read more about how Manafort, the Podesta Brothers and Hillary Clinton associate with the Russian Oligarchs.
Another point to make, many people are attacking Jeff Sessions, saying things like, why isn’t Sessions investigating Hillary for her crimes? I was even wondering why also. When I look at where the Special Counsel is today with the indictments that just came out, there’s sufficient evidence to me that Sessions is leaving Hillary Clinton, Obama and Podesta to the Grand Jury. It’s not uncommon for Grand Jury’s to reverse and go in a different direction. Whats important is where the evidence they have will take them. Just thought I would point that out to my readers.
The below video shows how Podesta is tied up in the Mueller Probe: The original source of the video is @SIDexposed (Repealobamacare on Twitter)
A while back Trey Gowdy said just let Mueller do his job, now we are beginning to see why he said it, and how it will end up. #LOCKHERUP
Many people are saying Mueller wants to bring President Trump down, I disagree. Why would the President have met with Mueller days before he became Special Counsel? He also was interviewing him for FBI Director, according to CNN.
LOOKING BACK…
I believe that Manafort was an operative of the Podesta Group and the Clinton machine. Why else would men like Manafort and Papadopoulos try to get the President to agree to Russian meetings? You don’t endanger your candidate for President like that. Something smells 🐠🐟.
I believe those close to the President knew about a coup that was taking place by the Deep State after he took office on January 20, 2017. The only way to stop it was to have those FBI agents that were loyal to the President place Manafort and Papadopoulos under FBI surveillance. According to the indictment, Papadopoulos was interviewed seven days after the President took office. That right there proves the FBI knew something wasn’t right.
Our President has avowed many times that there was no collusion from his campaign with Russia. I believe him, there were certainly no indictments flung his way today and I don’t think there ever will be in the future.
Then there is the time when the head of NSA, Director Mike Rogers met with Trump and never told the Obama Administration he was meeting with him. Why hide a meeting? Unless they were discussing something that they did not want the Obama administration to know. I think they filled Trump in on the coup that would take place if he became President. These are important questions that really impact my change of opinion on the Mueller Russian Investigation.
Remember, I was one of the people first to make the assumption that they weren’t investigating Trump, instead I felt it was directed at Clinton and her minions. I said this in a previous article which I wrote many months ago. I explained why and who I thought was really being investigated before the Grand Jury was even impaneled.
This all most likely ties into why Papadopoulos wasn’t arrested sooner, he most likely was used as an informant for the FBI, maybe in order to get a lighter sentence. Maybe he did wear a wire like people are saying. But, it wasn’t being used against Trump, it was being used to gather evidence against the Deep State.
The FBI could of had Papadopoulos meet with Christopher Steele, everything could have been recorded. The FBI would now have the recordings to tie the Dossier to the Clinton cabal. Remember, Tucker Carlson from Fox News said he had it from a source that the Podesta brothers and Manafort were the “central figures” in the Mueller probe, as I stated earlier above. This is all making sense now!
Stange fact is that the recommendation Mueller made in the sentencing of Papadopoulos was only 0-6 months! This tells me he’s cooperating with attorneys.
Think about what I have just said and know Mueller is not the enemy here. Clinton and her minions are guilty of “conspiracy against the USA,” as far as I am concerned, just like Manafort and Gates. Let this Grand Jury play out, you’ll see I’m right.
UPDATE 11/4/2017, It has been reported by anonymous that there will be forthcoming indictments, which were suppose to be 11/3, 11/6 respectively. One for Tony Podesta, one for Huma Abedin.
Another anonymous source is claiming that both Podestas have been indicted.
Some are speculating that there are still four sealed indictments in the Russian Investigation where Mueller is Special Counsel. Some are speculating two maybe for Tony and John Podesta.
Sealed Indictments are done for two reasons, 1) it may be sealed because the defendant/informant is still working with prosecutors, 2) there has not been a reading out of charges in court, until this process happens, it will remain sealed.
At an arraignment the charges will become unsealed, no one can be brought before court on a sealed indictment. So, stay tuned, it will all come out.
I will continue to update this post as more information is made available.From the August 28, 2016, Parade magazine "Why We Love Star Trek" by William Shatner.
"Star Trek" was first aired on September 8, 1966 with its mission to "boldly go where no man has gone before." It did not do so well in the ratings back then but has since captured the love of multiple generations of families.
It is one of the most iconic sci-fi entertainment franchises along with, of course, "Star Wars." It has spun off TV shows, blockbuster movies, games, books and other merchandise.
"Star Trek" has endured for 50 years, despite that shaky start.
According to actor William Shatner, who played Capt. James T. (Do you know what the T. stands for? Answer below) Kirk, 85, commander of the Starship Enterprise in the original TV series and several movies:."
Am I a Trekkie? You Betcha. --DaTrekker
The "T" Stands for "Tiberius."
About That Balky Mule in DeKalb in 1917
5 days agoWelcome from Bankruptcy Attorney C. Edwin Shoemaker
Are you struggling to pay your bills? Falling behind on house or car payments because of other debt? Getting harassing phone calls from creditors and debt collectors? Facing lawsuits and wage garnishment? Borrowing “from Peter to pay Paul”?
If this sounds familiar, give me a call. For over 20 years I have helped people and small businesses in Knoxville and East Tennessee start their lives over through bankruptcy.
I understand that choosing a bankruptcy attorney in Knoxville is not easy. You may not know what to look for, who to turn to or what to ask. You may feel your only choice is the big advertiser/ high-volume “bankruptcy mills” that don’t have or won’t take the time and attention you need. My goal is to provide the best quality, individual service possible to each and every client:
What is different here?
- Personal Attention: Giving my clients the time they deserve is my first priority. Longer appointments enable us to explore all of your options and to answer all of your questions. We will work one-on-one to find the best solution for you. I will not file a bankruptcy case unless you and I both agree it is the right choice for you.
- Respect: I give my clients the respect they deserve. This is not a factory. It is a law firm. And it is a place where people should feel that they and their problems matter. If you have been treated otherwise elsewhere, call and talk with me.
- Experience: I have been engaged in the practice of bankruptcy law since 1984. I opened my own law firm in 1995 and have since guided many individuals and small businesses to financial freedom through effective bankruptcy debt relief. Before devoting myself full-time to helping people like you, I served as a Judicial Law Clerk to a federal bankruptcy judge, was a member of the panel of Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Trustees, and worked as a creditor’s counsel to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as well as a counsel to local banks other lenders. All of that experience has given me the skill, insight, and perspective needed to understand bankruptcy from the viewpoint of the Court, the creditor and the Trustee– knowledge I can now put to use for you.
- Success: I have helped hundreds of folks and small businesses throughout East Tennessee get rid of their debts and keep their property in successful bankruptcy cases and proceedings. You are encouraged and welcome to talk to them and to read their reviews.
Hard-working people and small business owners can find themselves in need of debt relief after major life changes like divorce, job loss, loss of income, and business and economic downturns. Far from being the end, bankruptcy can actually be the beginning of a Fresh Start.
I offer fair, flexible fee payment plans tailored to your specific ability. Call or come in for a FREE consultation and find out what may be missing at other firms.WIN Anti-Bacterial Stable Paint
Another fab competition has just been launched! We are offering one lucky reader x1 2.5 litre of black and x1 2.5 litre of white anti-bacterial stable paint from Stable Shield. To be in with a chance of winning use the form below, via Facebook, to enter.
Please note; you must be logged into Facebook to enter
Product Information
Stable Shield Anti-Bacterial paint is proving very effective in the equine world.
The dry film of Anti-Bacterial Stable Paint protects against the spread and growth of harmful bacteria by up to 99.8% and the active ingredients last up to five years depending on the environment.
This is so important for competition horses as they need the best environment to live in, keeping them healthy so they can train and perform to the best of their ability. It is tackled by taking every possible precaution against the spread of bugs and bacteria.
Stable Shield is easy to apply to walls and ceilings, and is ideal for all yards including stables, tack rooms, feed rooms, newly built yards and hay barns.
For further information about Stable Shield products contact 01386 423999 or visit.
Be the first to comment on "WIN Anti-Bacterial Stable Paint" offers a warmer, softer and more comfortable mammogram by using single-use breast cushion for every patient. These breast cushions are soft foam pads that can help relieve the discomfort many women feel during a mammogram. The cushion is placed on the surface of the image detector, providing the softer, more comfortable mammogram.
These pads have been clinically demonstrated to reduce discomfort associated with mammograms for most women. While the breast cushion provides comfort, it does not compromise the image quality needed for a routine mammogram.With so many fraudulent writing services on the web, it is difficult to commit a large sum of money to a custom writing project. That is why we allow you to subscribe to our progressive delivery scheme.
Progressive delivery is a delivery scheme that allows you to place your order in parts. Payment is made in bits with the company delivering the order in parts. This payment scheme is advantageous because:
Please note that the progressive delivery scheme is only applicable to orders with deadlines that exceed 24 hours. Pricing for progressively delivered orders is 10% higher than that charged for regular delivery.Transcript for 16-10-2017, 21 lines:
01:22:36 funkenstein_: <-- I lololed :) how many ripple blocks are in the chain now?
01:45:11 funkenstein_: nice recent piece Orlov had promised me calling out metonymy
01:45:12 assbot: dpaste: 39EQ3KJ ... ( )
05:06:45 adlai: << i bet they overtook the linux kernel blockchain in linear rootcount shortly after ethereum overtakes bitcoin bytecount, but the more important question is when do the bloods launche their competing ICO, bloodle
05:06:45 assbot: Logged on 16-10-2017 01:22:36; funkenstein_: <-- I lololed :) how many ripple blocks are in the chain now?
07:11:09 assbot: Nick Lowe sur Twitter : "@kennwhite @vanhoefm @kyhwana Look for CVE-2017-13077, 13078, 13079, 13080, 13081, 13082, 13084, 13086, 13087, 13088 when details become available." ... ( )
07:24:22 assbot: Severe flaw in WPA2 protocol leaves Wi-Fi traffic open to eavesdropping | Ars Technica ... ( )
07:55:02 pankkake: uh. so was right
09:18:51 pankkake:
09:18:52 assbot: Initial Coin Offering - Dilbert Comic Strip on 2017-10-16 | Dilbert by Scott Adams ... ( )If I weren't swimming so much I would feel guilty for eating junk like that. But I see it as sugar that is a fuel for the next morning's swim. Which it definitely was. This morning's swim was without strain or need for energy. I was fully energized and swam strong:
2000 free
3000 - 10 x (225 free, 50 back, 25 breast)
At this point the pool got really crowded and there were several people waiting at the wall watching everyone swim. It really is silly that every lane only holds two people. So I told a couple guys. You wanna circle? They joined in. But the lady I shared the lane with originally said "NO". I can't do flip turns cause I had surgery on my shoulder and I can't turn at the wall very well. So I told one of the guys to take my place while I butt my way into another lane. I moved over a couple lanes and sure enough. There was Sarah Bowman Hansen. I said Hello, and she asked "What's your name?". I'm pretty sure she was pretending to not know who I was. I mean, I was a VERY CHEESY friend who wanted to be more than a friend at one point. I know that she didn't want the relationship to advance at the time, so who can forget a nerd like that? If some girl was chasing me and I was trying to avoid her advances, I'd probably remember her the rest of my life, and not in a good way! Anyhow.... I continued on with my workout.....1000 kick with fins
2600 yards free
2000 - 10 x 200's free pull on 2:50
750 - 15 x 50's sprint on :45
These were fun! I first was holding :40, but then I was able to really push it and hold :30 and sub:30 50's.2000 free strong
400 IM warmdown
13,750 yards totalMonday, November 20, 2017
"they really know their stuff, they're sincere in what they do for you"
Thursday, November 9, 2017
"nice for them to guide us on better ways to save and where to put our money and preparing us for retirement and having kids"
Thursday, October 26, 2017
"I noticed right away how friendly they were. They made myself..feel really comfortable to take about our financial situation"
Tuesday, October 3, 2017
"we were looking to build financial stability for our son and going forward"DIRECTED BY Bao Nguyen
NOT RATED
RELEASE DATE June 12
In February.”
Dozens of cast members and luminaries sat for interviews in Studio 8H (including Tina Fey, Chevy Chase, and Michaels), but Nguyen aimed for an art-house aesthetic to differentiate his film from glossier TV specials. “We really wanted to be outsiders with an insider perspective,” says producer Tom Broecker, SNL’s longtime costume designer. The outsider/insider motif is at the heart of the doc’s story: The Not Ready for Prime Time Players began as avant-garde rebels and evolved into the Establishment. “Amy Poehler says Saturday Night Live is nostalgia mixed with What’s Next,” says producer JL Pomeroy. “It’s just woven into our DNA as Americans. When something major happens, we’re like, ‘I can’t wait to see what SNL does with it.’” Still true in 2015.20% by 2020
20% by 2020 is the State of California’s requirement to reduce water consumption in California 20% by 2020 as a way to help improve water supply reliability.
In November 2009, the California Legislature passed the Delta Water Package, a comprehensive legislative package on water policy. The package was subsequently signed into law by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. The goal of the Delta Water Package was to help address California's water issues, including addressing the health of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta to secure water supply reliability and ecosystem restoration. As part of this package of bills, Senate Bill No. 7 requires all urban water agencies to reduce statewide per capita water consumption 20% by 2020.
There is an interim target of a 10% reduction by 2015. All urban water agencies subject to the Urban Water Planning Act are required to adopt an Urban Water Management Plan, or UWMP, every five years ending in 0 or 5. The UWMP reports information to the State Department of Water Resources about each water supplier’s current water supply, demand and water reduction target for 2020.
All water agencies in the State that provide water to over 3,000 service connections or provide over 3,000 acre-feet of water per year are required to comply with the 20% reduction and complete an UWMP. Agencies that do not complete an UWMP are not eligible to receive grants from the State.
Questions & Answers
Select a question to see the answer:
Yes. Corona’s 2010 UWMP contained conservative assumptions for planning purposes, but still concluded that Corona’s water supplies are sufficient to meet the current and future water needs of its customers.
Corona receives its potable water from three main sources: groundwater, the State Water Project, and the Colorado River. In addition, Corona has a reclaimed water system that treats wastewater that is later used primarily for irrigation of landscaping in commercial and institutional settings.
The State of California, by passing the Delta Water Package, recognized the importance of having a long-term sustainable, reliable water supply for residents and businesses. Water is essential to all life on this planet, yet there is a limited supply available to us for drinking water. Only about 3% of the earth's water is fit for drinking, and two-thirds of that water is stored in ice caps and glaciers. There are many challenges facing the State's water supply; these challenges also affect us here in Corona.
Thank you, Corona, for your efforts so far in helping to reduce our water use! We are on the right track, but we still have work to do. The 20% by 2020 target will need to be met on several different fronts, including:
- Expansion and use of reclaimed water;
- Increasing water use efficiency in our everyday activities; and
- Installation of water-efficient devices, such as high efficiency toilets, smart irrigation controllers, and low-flow showerheads.
Think about your home or business. What are some ways that you could reduce your personal consumption by 20%? For example:
- Could you take shorter showers a few days out of the week?
- Could you install a water-saving fixture such as a low-flow showerhead, faucet aerator, or high-efficiency clothes washer? Check our rebates and programs to see what's available.
- What about outdoors? Have you replaced your standard sprinkler controller with a "smart" timer that adjusts for the weather? It does the work so you don't have to! Check our rebates and programs to see what's available.
- Have you considered removing some of your turf and replacing it with low water-using plants? We live in a semi-arid climate; using plants that have adapted to live in this type of weather means you need less water to irrigate. Since we only receive about 12 inches of rainfall annually on average, we have to do a lot of additional watering to keep high-water use plants alive and happy.
- Could you install drip irrigation in your existing planter areas? Drip irrigation puts water where it is needed - at the plant roots. This means you won't be feeding weeds in your planters.
All of these approaches will help Corona reach our goal of a 20% reduction in water consumption by 2020. Our Water Resources team is here to help! We offer landscape check-ups, rebates and landscape classes. Please contact our Water Resources team at (951) 736-2234 or by email at StopTheDrop@DiscoverCorona.com for help achieving your 20% reduction.
Remember, make every drop count - use water efficiently!
Learn More
For more information about 20% by 2020, urban water management plans and water use efficiency, visit these websites:Know-how: Pre-labour signs Labour & birth Pregnancy Countdown to birth 0 Are you in labour or pre-labour? Lightening, twinges and tiredness could all be symptoms your body is getting ready for birth Are you in labour or pre-labour? Lightening, twinges and tiredness could all be symptoms your body is getting ready for birth From day one of pregnancy, your body is beginning to prepare for the birth of your baby. In the last month, most women will experience some of the key signs that labour is now not far away. This point is referred to as 'pre-labour', though some women may not notice these signs and 'jump' straight into labour. Full blown labour signs are easy to spot. But before your waters break and contractions begin, there are subtle signs your body is preparing and labour isn't far away. What is pre-labour? Pre-labour is your body letting you know it’s nearly time to have your baby. Signs include, ‘lightening’, as your baby drops into your pelvis, changes in pressure as your baby shifts nearer to birth position, twinges and pain in your belly and feeling increasingly tired. You may notice your weight stabilising as your body feels it has gained enough padding for birth – it may even drop slightly. You may also feel more sensitive to foods as your body temperature increases slightly, have a funny tummy or feel queasy. Diarrhoea is often reported in the few hours before labour begins. Braxton Hicks Some women have Braxton Hicks for weeks before the birth, and even earlier in pregnancy. AS birth draws closer, these may become more frequent and feel more painful, even though they are still not the real deal. Read more of our pregnancy articles on the pregnancy listings page. By ThinkBaby 0 Comments Share Like this article? Showing of Uh-oh! You need to be logged in to do this... Sign In Sign Up Load more posts Write a commentMobile Island For Kitchen is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for motivation about you search. The exactly sizing thrust another button or past button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Mobile Mobile Island For Kitchen on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.My first task when I started woodworking was learning how to cut boards to length. I did much research on what type of saw I need and how to use them. After studying the very well-done askwoodman and giant Cypress sites on Japanese saws, I purchased a 12” ryoba saw from Japan Woodworker. Incidentally I do like my Gyokucho Japanese saws, but I now have more or less converted to western hand and back saws except for rough carpentry work. I spent much time cutting 2x4s into small pieces while I learned to use the ryoba saw.
My first project with my newly acquired sawing skills and the collection of tools pictured in my last post was to build a small packing box.
This is the initial project presented in The Joiner and Cabinet Maker. The first part of this book by Lost Art Press is a reprinted fictional account of a young woodworking apprentice, Thomas. Originally published in the early 1800s, the book essentially tells Thomas’ story during his years as an apprentice. Along the way it provides instruction on hand tool woodworking shop practice and three projects, a packing box, a school box, and chest of drawers. The second part of this book is written by Christopher Schwarz and he provides additional description (and analysis) on how to build the three projects presented in the original text. I was fascinated with the packing box and its simple construction (wood and cut nails) made it an ideal first project for me as well.
I did not yet have a bench or dedicated place to work, so I built the project on my back patio using a work surface of two plastic sawhorses with a plywood board on top. My packing box was built from 1/2” yellow-poplar and 4d cut nails. Battens secured the lid boards together and nails through the lid were clinched. While I felt the box turned out pretty solid and square, two things become apparent very quickly. I needed a work surface that did not slide around as I tried to plane the box joints smooth and I needed a sharper plane iron.Well,.
I do understand more clearly now, though. Thank you, God, for your patience with me and for all of your answers, too.
Matthew, if you’re sure God wants to talk with me, of course I’ll talk with Him. Good morning,
Good morning, Matthew and all Friends who may be with you.?
Hi, “just you” sweetheart! What made you think of God saying something about the books?
Well, Matthew, that’s not good enough after all this time, so I’ll do what you suggested and see if God has a better suggestion. God, hello?
Hello, my child.
God, will you please tell me what I should do now about these books that you “ordered” to be published? them!
[I was “led to” an attorney whose conscientious preparation won the lawsuit against the printer who had refused to produce the books she had been paid for, and the first three books were published in May 2003.]Blake finds her way to Sesame Street
Science education for kids has always been a passion for Sally Blake. Now, that passion has landed her a role in trying to figure out how better to bring it to viewers of the popular PBS show, “Sesame Street.”
Blake, professor of education at Flagler College, has joined a Sesame Workshop advisory committee looking at language and vocabulary development, as well as building curiosity around science, the arts and math. Sesame Workshop is the nonprofit educational organization behind Sesame Street.
“The opportunity to work with an organization like Sesame Street, which has impacted the learning and development of thousands of children, is a privilege and honor,” Blake said.
She joins a panel of early childhood experts from the fields of health care, literacy, music, visual arts, science and math. They will discuss topics such as how language and vocabulary is nurtured in young children, how children’s curiosity develops and how it is connected to language development.
“This project is aimed at leveling the academic playing field in homes where children may not be receiving the support they need to develop scientific reasoning, academic language and the opportunity to develop and understand the world around them,” Blake said. “Everything we rely on is related to science.”
She was included on the panel because of her expertise on the introduction of science concepts with young children.
“I have been working in science education for 20 years in higher education,” she said.
She was thrilled that science education was included in the Sesame Workshop discussion.
“The research into inquiry reasoning and the creative potential of young children in science learning is finally gaining acceptance,” she said. “And I think Flagler College is the perfect home base for innovative programs and research into the learning and teaching of science.”
Whatever comes from her time on the panel, Blake is excited for the opportunity.
“I really hope to contribute to the future of our children and their families through this work. Our future depends on the education of our children and we can no longer be complacent about what happens to them,” she said. “All children, regardless of their language, background or home environments deserve the opportunity to develop their full potential.”.Share market investment
Investment Strategy - Market Commentary & InsightsWith that kind of win rate, the odds should be firmly stacked in your favour.Ways2Capital is the best Stock Market Tips provider Company in India.
The Economic Times: Business News, Personal FinanceJoin us as we talk about the different markets you are concerned with - Singapore,.Therefore, maintaining bullish attitudes and approaches is usually futile in.
Ways2Capital - Stock Market tips | Free Share TipsA searchable glossary of more than 8,000 terms and definitions related to finance, investing, and the stock market.
Share Market Investment Tips - SlideShare
stocks for investment in indian market -investment inStock market beginners need to understand only these three simple ideas: 1.These five blue chip stocks represent 38% of the Australian market.China has been an important market for companies, since it is untapped and is growing. Apple, Inc., for example, uses its market share numbers in China as a key performance indicator for the growth of its business.Our ideas and insight could introduce you to some of the most profitable investment opportunities in.
In the End, the Real Truth Always Wins Vern Gowdie March 16, 2017 Ultra-low interest rates and excessive levels of liquidity have driven shares, bonds and property values to levels that are off the historical grid.Get accurate commodity tips, share tips, stock tips, share market recommendations and Indian.With analysts on a never-ending quest to outperform the market, we have seen the creation of dozens of ways in which to value companies.
Debt Levels are Leading These Aussie Markets to a Fall Kris Sayce February 27, 2017 Whether the Aussie dollar is on the verge of bursting through to new highs, or merely flitting higher before a catastrophic fall, comes down to two things.Find the market movers of the day, live quotes from financial and currency markets.
Investors can obtain market share data from various independent sources, such as trade groups and regulatory bodies, and often from the company itself.US Economy Chinese Economy European Economy Japanese Economy Emerging Markets Back.
The Nasdaq Stock Market website, featuring stock quotes, analysis, financials, company news, market information as well as investing tools and guides.A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility.Apple saw iPhone sales in China dip to an 11% market share in May 2016.
Dynamiclevels offers free equity research reports, share market charts, technical analysis that help in taking informed decisions on investment.Market Share—a Key to Profitability. As market share rises, turnover on investment rises only somewhat, but profit margin on sales increases sharply.Discover the latest insights on global and Australian share markets.
Stock market courses, Share Market Training in Mumbai
I am not looking for the same old humdrum I am looking for news that is out of left field.
Utilico Emerging Markets Limited (LSE: UEM)Without more rumours floated by Trump, the stock market could see a correction during March.
Bearish periods are notorious for upending traditional investment strategies.Get latest UK Market News, Uk stock exchange, ftse 100 index, Stock market updates, shares and stocks, trading share, market News from UK.With the stock market down 20% since April, we examine how it is affecting your pensions, shares and holidays.How to Pick the Right Stock Options Matt Hibbard March 2, 2017 An option buyer typically thinks in terms of actual gains.ESTIMATION OF RETURN ON INVESTMENT IN SHARE. their research work on the future prediction of share market. for predicting sub sectors investment in stock market.This metric is used to give a general idea of the size of a company in relation to its market and its competitors.
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.What are money market. municipal money market funds: Price risk Because the share price of.Currencies What the latest currency moves mean for your wealth and how you can play them for profit.As the total market for a product or service grows, a company that is maintaining its market share is growing revenues at the same rate as the total market.
We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.It is a public market where stocks, mutual funds, bonds etc. are sold. Stock market, Mutual fund market etc. all comes under Share Market.Complete stock market coverage with breaking news, analysis,.
Each of these five household name ASX stocks could tank as a result.Equity profit is a SGX Stock Trading advisory firm in Singapore, Providing SGX Stock Picks, Forex Signals, Comex Trading Tips, SGX Stock Investment Tips, Equity.And while market experts can still pick winning stocks, quant and automated trading systems offer a more scientific approach to trading.
Only profit with accuracy above 90%., Takit Pro offered by Takit Pro.
PLEASE NOTE: This update represents the views and opinions of our investment team based on.Australian Share Market Australian Dollar Australian Housing Back.- Misc
- Antiques & Collectibles
- (Lot:292) NEW Old Stock 1.1" New Orleans '88 Republican Elephant Pins Tie Tack
Product Description
Manufacturer: Unbranded
Model: Does Not Apply
Condition: New Other. Comes in non-original packaging. These were all together loose in a bag found in the storage of a memorabilia dealer who retired. Cosmetic condition is Good with some caveats. These have a soft plastic coating on the front, and some of the coatings are sticking to the bags holding the pins. This sometimes leaves a mark in the plastic which is visible if you look *really* close (the "D" under the '88 in the first picture is an example of this). The middle stripe probably used to be white, but it has faded to a subdued yellow/off-white color. The photos show the exact item(s) the buyer will receive.
Notes: No manuals, cords/cables, or additional items are included if not listed or shown.
Included:
- (292) New Orleans '88 Elephant pins
Specifications:
- Manufacturer: Unknown
- Lapel pin/tie tack
- Celebrating the Republican Party National Convention of 1988
- Text: New Orleans '88
- Design:
- Art deco style elephant silhouette
- Blue top with 3 gold stars, shaped like top of a shield
- "White" (yellowed) middle stripe with gold text
- Red bottom with legs and trunk
- Dimensions: 1.1" wide (booty to trunk) x 0.95" high
- Fastener: Pin with butterfly clutch (military clutch)
- Material: unknown, gold-colored metal with plastic coating on front
30 Day Guarantee
- Guaranteed to be as described
- Can be returned for flaws or malfunctions that were not disclosed
- See complete termsPASCO, Wash.—Neighbors in Pasco celebrated Cinco de Mayo Saturday morning with a parade.
Hundreds lined the streets while they watched decorated cars pass by, listened to music and even had candy thrown at them.
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the battle of Puebla back in 1862 when about 4,500 Mexicans fought French soldiers and won.
The parade started on Lewis Street and 2nd Avenue and traveled to the Pasco City Hall and looped back. Live music performances followed the parade.SAN PEDRO, Calif. - March 31, 2011 - PhotoSpin,, a leading provider of stock photography by subscription would like you to meet their new Russian photographer, Dmitriy Sechin.
"Working on stock photography is my passion and provides me with additional income," says Dmitriy Sechin.
We think Dmitriy's passion serves him well. His talent shines with his people images bringing to life photos of children, grandparents, fitness models, couples, and people in general in a variety of situations. Dmitriy graduated from the Graduate School of Management and worked as a photographer in a private company. His love of photography began in childhood and is going strong to this day. He became a photographer simply because he loves photography. Among his favorite things to shoot are nature, landscapes, and his family.
DmitriWe Offer Payday Loans in Buxton, North Dakota 58218
Yes, we know how hard it is not to have enough cash when you really need it.
Are you from Buxton North Dakota? We can help then!
Getting a cash advance loan has never been easier for North Dakota, ND:
- • Caledonia, ND
- • Climax, MN
- • Cummings, ND
- • Hillsboro, ND
- • Mayville, ND
- • Portland, ND
- • Reynolds, ND
- • Thompson, NDUpholstered Suite Merkur
The modern upholstered suite Merkur looks especially fantastic with a material mix of leather and fabric. This suite is also available with an ottoman.
Seat
- Loose cold-formed foam soft seat cushions
- With quilted seams
- Flat springs with cold-formed foam upholstery
- Casual upholstery
- Covered on all sides
- Stool fixed with cold-formed foam
Seat armchair 343-80
- Fixed cold-formed foam seat
- With flat springs
Back
- Fixed cold-formed foam back
- With quilted seams
- Flat springs with cold-formed foam upholstery
Body
- Made of solid beech and top-quality plywood
- Armrests with quilted seams
- Body with quilted seams
- Sofa stretch-parts covered
- Wooden legs available stained or painted
The sofa with ottoman is available with the ottoman on the left or right side.
Available at extra charge:
- Wooden legs available with gold or silver leaf
Like any piece of upholstered furniture from Finkeldei, the modern upholstered suite Merkur is available as an individual customisation.Girl
Sponsored links
Sponsored links
A nice shag haircut often looks refreshing and chic. A quality shag cut will let you style your hair effortlessly, whether a person plan in order to rock a cool hairstyle with a wet influence or a messy extensive ‘do with a popular today grunge style contact.Military Greeting: Senior Airman Jordan Ashlock
Senior Airman Jordan Ashlock sends a holiday message to his friends and family back in Norfolk, Virginia. He is currently stationed at Incir…
Advertisement.
AdvertisementSaeco Royal 21103 Professional Automatic Espresso Machine
Features Cappuccinatore and Steam Wand to Make the Creamiest Lattes and Cappuccinos
DescriptionThe Saeco 21103 Professional automatic espresso machine is designed to make espresso making as easy as possible. A crystal clear LCD screen, push buttons and automatic grinding, brewing and milk frothing combine into this awesome machine that will deliver you fresh, delicious espresso every morning! And, if you need commercial use, you can even plumb this espresso machine directly to your water line.
Rapid Steam Technology
Saeco's patented Rapid Steam system delivers consistent steam in a matter of seconds so that you can make drink after drink without waiting for frothed milk and ruining the temperature of your espresso shots! Even the most inexperienced novice barista can make delicious lattes and cappuccinos with this Professional automatic espresso machine that does it all for you. The steam wand also doubles as a convenient hot water dispenser!
Better Aroma than Ever Before!
With the Saeco Aroma System, this Saeco 21103 will inject boiling water into the coffee grounds for a "pre-brew" which increases the aroma of your espresso, as well as creating a fuller body and fuller flavor in your espresso shot.
Conical Burr Grinder
The Saeco 21103 automatic espresso machine is not just at the top of the line in terms of the brewing system, it also includes a built-in conical burr grinder. Conical burr grinders the best kind of coffee grinder in every way, especially in terms of durability and protecting the aroma of coffee grounds. They can achieve super fine espresso grinds, and the fact that it's built in means almost no work for you! If you can handle pouring in your favorite fresh whole coffee beans and pushing a button, you're on your way to amazing espresso!
Brew Group
This superautomatic espresso machine features brew group technology that allows it to tamp, brew and dispense coffee all within a single cycle. And then you can take advantage of Saeco's Easy Clean system, a quick and easy way to detach the brew group for fast, efficient and chemical free cleaning.
Specifications
- Model: 21103
- Product Type: Royal Professional Automatic Espresso Machine
- Product Dimensions: 17.50" x 15.25" x 15.75"
- Product Weight: 31.50 lbs.
- Product Color: Royal Blue / Silver
- Application: Brew high quality espresso in your home or office!
- Warranty: 1 year limited warranty
- Voltage: 120
- Watts: 1250
- Certifications: UL
- Commercial Use: Yes
- Voltage: 120
- Watts: 1250
- LCD Screen: Yes
- Steam Wand: Yes
- Built-In Grinder: Yes
- Built-In Cup Warmer: Yes
- Control Type: Push Button
- Removeable Drip Tray: Yes
- Drink Types: Espresso and all related espresso beverages: americanos, lattes, cappuccinos
- Certifications: UL
- Water Filter: Yes
- One Touch Technology: No
- Programmable Brew Settings: Yes
- Touch Screen: No
- Number of Group Heads: 1
- Finish: Stainless Steel
- Boiler Construction: Stainless Steel
- Compatible with Pods: No
Benefits
- Can be attached to a direct water line if needed - ideal for commercial settings!
- Features a built-in conical burr grinder, the highest level of grinder there is
- Features Saeco's Easy Clean System and makes it easy to clean without chemicals
- Includes a cappuccinatore and steam wand for the creamiest, smoothest lattes!
- Injects boiling water into coffee grounds to pre-brew them for extra aroma!
- Rapid Steam/Insta Steam creates steam within mere seconds!Wednesday, July 23, 2014
More US academics join boycott of Israel
The Critical Ethnic Studies Association announced on its website last week that its conference had formally agreed to “endorse the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement and honor the call of Palestinian civil society with the passage of a resolution on the academic boycott of Israeli academic institutions.”
The association represents scholars working in ethnic studies and fields which tackle areas affected by the global history of “racism, settler colonialism, immigration, imperialism, and slavery.”
According to the association’s website, the move comes after a long period of consultation and workshops on the subject at their 2013 conference and after using online mechanisms.
In addition to calling for an institutional boycott of Israeli academia, the resolution also noted the repression which has met scholars in the USA who have attempted to speak out on Palestine, especially: “Arab and Muslim, Asian, Black, Indigenous, Latin@, and LGBTQ communities, students, activists, and scholars.”
This boycott call is particularly strongly worded for an academic statement, condemning “US support for Israeli settler-colonialism, occupation and racism” and linking the fight for justice in Palestine to other indigenous and decolonization struggles around the world.
The full resolution, which now represents the association’s position on the Palestinian call for boycott, divestment and sanctions, can be read on the association’s website.
In December, the American Studies Association voted by a landslide to join the academic boycott of Israel. The ASA describes itself as the “nation’s oldest and largest association devoted to the interdisciplinary study of American culture and history.”
Posted by Hobgoblin at 8:27 AM
Mythbuster: Israel’s attack on Gaza
Taking apart the excuses Israel is using to justify its massacre
Red Pepper unpicks the myths that shroud slaughter here
Posted by Hobgoblin at 7:43 AM
Tuesday, July 22, 2014
#StopArmingIsreal
Take action:
Add your name to the call for a military embargo on Israel
Add your name to the call now
Posted by Hobgoblin at 3:15 PM
Wednesday, July 16, 2014
Salvadoran Feminists Push Debate on El Salvador’s Stringent Abortion Ban.
Posted by Hobgoblin at 11:39 AM
Regular Article
PHB/Bentonite Compounds. Effect of Clay Modification and Thermal Aging on Properties
Materials Research, vol.20, n.6, p.1503-1510, 2017
Poly(3-hydroxybutyrate) (PHB) was compounded with three different Bentonite clays: natural, purified by ultrasound/sonicated and organically modified with hexadecyltrimethylammonium bromide. PHB/Bentonite masterbatches with 30% clay were prepared in a laboratory internal mixer and letdown with pure matrix to 1% and 3% w/w clay. Test samples were injection molded and characterized by x-ray diffraction (XRD), differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Increase in Bentonite hydrophobic character was evinced by FTIR for organoclays. XRD of composites showed increase in clay interlayer distance and peak broadening, suggesting formation of intercalated nanocomposites. DSC showed increase in crystallinity and crystallization rate for compounds, especially for PHB/organoclay formulations. Thermal aging was conducted by exposing specimens at 115ºC for up to 120 hours, and mechanical properties were measured according to ASTM standards. Elastic modulus increased and impact strength decreased with time and clay content; clay purification had little effect on the tensile properties. Tensile strength of thermal aged samples showed little variation, except for the organoclay nanocomposites, for which it significantly decreased with exposure time. SEM images displayed a whitened honeycomb structure and detachment of PHB/Bentonite layers which may be connected to cold crystallization and degradation processes taking place during thermal aging. Keywords:
PHB, Bentonite, Nanocomposites, Organophilization, Thermal Aging
Bucci DZ, Tavares LBB, Sell I. PHB packaging for the storage of food products.
Reddy CSK, Ghai R, Rashmi, Kalia VC. Polyhydroxyalkanoates: an overview.
Falcone DMB, Agnelli JAM, Faria LIL. Panorama setorial e perspectivas na área de polímeros biodegradáveis.
Rhim JW, Park HM, Ha CS. Bio-nanocomposites for food packaging applications.
Bucci DZ, Tavares LBB, Sell I. Biodegradation and physical evaluation of PHB packaging.
Harding KG, Dennis JS, von Blottnitz H, Harrison STL. Environmental analysis of plastic production processes: Comparing petroleum-based polypropylene and polyethylene with biologically-based poly-ß-hydroxybutyric acid using life cycle analysis.
Paul DR, Robeson LM. Polymer nanotechnology: Nanocomposites.
Bhattacharya SN, Kamal MR, Gupta RK.
Utracki LA, Broughton B, González-Rojano N, Carvalho LH, Achete CA. Clays for polymeric nanocomposites.
Almeida TG.
Silva SML, Araújo PER, Ferreira KM, Canedo EL, Carvalho LH, Raposo CMO. Effect of clay/water ratio during bentonite clay organophilization on the characteristics of the organobentonites and its polypropylene nanocomposites.
Silva EM, Coutinho MGF, Costa RB, Carvalho LH, Canedo EL. Effect of loading level and clay purification on the structure and water vapor permeability of LLDPE/bentonite nanocomposites.
Ray SS, Okamoto M. Polymer/layered silicate nanocomposites: a review from preparation to processing.
Bikiaris D. Can nanoparticles really enhance thermal stability of polymers? Part II: An overview on thermal decomposition of polycondensation polymers.
Chen X, Hou G, Chen Y, Yang K, Dong Y, Zhou H. Effect of molecular weight on crystallization, melting behavior and morphology of poly(trimethylene terephalate).
Papageorgiou GZ, Panayiotou C. Crystallization and melting of biodegradable poly(propylene suberate).
Furushima Y, Nakada M, Takahashi H, Ishikiriyama K. Study of melting and crystallization behavior of polyacrylonitrile using ultrafast differential scanning calorimetry.
Owen AJ, Heinzel J, Škrbić Ž, Divjaković V. Crystallization and melting behaviour of PHB and PHB/HV copolymer.
Gunaratne LMWK, Shanks RA. Multiple melting behaviour of poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-hydroxyvalerate) using step-scan DSC.
Toda A, Tomita C, Hikosaka M, Saruyama Y. Melting of polymer crystals observed by temperature modulated d.s.c. and its kinetic modelling.
Wellen RMR, Canedo EL, Rabello MS. Melting and crystallization of poly(3-hydroxybutyrate)/carbon black compounds. Effect of heating and cooling cycles on phase transition.
D'Amico DA, Manfredi LB, Cyras VP. Crystallization behavior of poly(3-hydroxybutyrate) nanocomposites based on modified clays: Effect of organic modifiers.
Fornes TD, Paul DR. Crystallization behavior of nylon 6 nanocomposites.
Romo-Uribe A, Santiago-Santiago K, Zavala-Padilla G, Reyes-Mayer A, Calixto-Rodrigues M, Arcos-Casarrubias JA, et al. Waterborne layered silicate/acrylate nanocomposites by in-situ emulsion polymerization: Thermal and mechanical reinforcement.Final solo presentation piece:.
[MAS QUE NADA]
Alan: Rupert, will you shut up? The tribesmen in these vast woods might hear you.
Rupert: If I’m going to die, I might as well die with a song in my heart, Alan.
Alan: I should just take your food and leave you here.
Rupert: I’ll starve most likely.
Alan: You don’t think I’d do it, don’t you?
[RUPERT HALTS]
Rupert: What do you want, Alan? Gold? Women? Gold and women? Stick with me and you’ll have them all for as long as I’m around and not a moment longer. But you knew that. That is why you so valiantly took up arms to defend my honour.
Alan: Fair enough. But don’t go looking for me to bend the knee and will lower you every time you take a shit. I’m not your shield and I’m not your friend.
Rupert: Too bad, I would have treasured your friendship. And if the day comes that you will sell me out, know this. Whatever the price, I’ll pay double. I like living and I intend to do just that.
We marched onwards until the end of day. We had to make camp in the middle of nowhere. Alan had to hunt beasts for food while I catch forty winks on the rough floor of the forest earth. I was awakened shortly after by Alan’s nervous whispering of my name.
[SHADY IMAGES IN THE BACKGROUND]
Alan: Rupert! Rupert, wake up!
[RUPERT STANDS IN HORROR]
Rupert: Come, share our fire! Help yourselves to our meat!
[A TALL, DARK FIGURE WALKS UP TO THEM]
Clan Leader: When you meet your gods, tell them Peter Shepherd, son of Judy Shepherd, of the Three Mills, sent you.
Rupert: I am Rupert, son of Robert, of House Penkiller.
Peter: How would you like to die, Rupert, son of Robert?
[RUPERT SMIRKS]
Rupert: In my own bed. At the age of 80. With a belly full of wine and a girl’s mouth around my cock.
[PETER LAUGHS]
Peter: Take the jester and kill the other one.
We were on a dire disadvantage, me and Alan. I knew I had to do something if we were to survive. I had to break free from the shackles that prohibit me my full potential. I have a secret that only a few know. I am left with little choice but to use it. I have with me the sigil of Tesco. The same sigil that hangs around my neck. Crafted by the great, white sorcerer, Ilan, during the War of the Old Kings, it is used to harness one’s inner potentials. In order to release that insurmountable power held within, I must sacrifice and embrace the decimation of life around me. I have no choice. I have no choice.
[TALES OF OLD]
The sigil was burning hot like fire.
[HEIAN SHODAN]
I woke up to the smell of burning flesh. I open my eyes to the wake of destruction that even generations yet unborn would cry out in anguish. Ser Alan himself was a victim of circumstance. Our companionship may have been short-lived but he will live on in memory. Left with but an ounce of energy, I persistently moved on and was able to reach the Regal Opera Houses in Stratford in time to have an immediate audience with the king.
William: I see you’ve already made quick use of what was left of your talents with the sigil of Tesco.
The king was a flambouyant man and one could easily question his sexuality, but none have ever had the audacity to confront him about it.
Rupert: Yes, Your Highness. But I only did what was necessary.
William: We could have used it. But very well, let’s just carry on. I believe you have something to impart.
Rupert: I bring to you the prophecy of Verwirrung.
William: Speak.
[VERWIRRUNG]Some of My Favorite Things
Caramel Apple-Almond Crepes
A great dish for dessert or breakfast, these filled crepes are quick and easy to make, full of wonderful flavor, and make any occasion special.
Ham and Cheese French Toast
Try this savory mixture between a ham and cheese sandwich and French toast for a special breakfast treat. I prefer these served as a savory breakfast treat, but many of our taste testers really liked them with warmed maple syrup.
4 eggs
2/3 cup heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon salt
8 slices firm textured bread
2 tablespoons softened butter
2 tablespoons prepared mustard
4 slices favorite cheese
4 slices cooked ham
butter for frying
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Beat the eggs, cream, and salt together in a small flat bowl or pie plate. Spread the tops of the slices of bread evenly with the butter and then the mustard. Top four of the slices of bread with the cheese and ham. Place the other four slices of bread on top of the cheese and ham, mustard-butter side down. Melt some butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Dip the first two sandwiches into the egg mixture and coat evenly. Place the sandwiches in the skillet and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side until golden brown. Place the sandwiches on an ovenproof dish and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches, adding more butter if needed, and serve hot.
Makes 4 sandwiches..Are they here yet? Are they here yet?
Wanna see what I'm getting?
Gypsy Mama Crinkle Gauze (hand dyed) wrap in Rainbow Sherbert
Olives & Applesauce (O&A) 16" in Disco Dots. This is a SSC (Soft Structured Carrier) so it's a bit different from my Mei Tais. I can see how babywearing can get addictive! LOL
I sold my Kozy and the fabric so I could fund both of these. I'm antsy to get them and try them out!
4 comments:
I never heard of "fluffy mail" until a few weeks ago, and now I hear it all the time. Addictive like cloth diapers I guess. LOL.
The first one looks like cotton candy! LOL! I bet it will feel great - light & airy!
I like the big polka dots. So cute!
I bought Brisinger this morning, about half way through and LOVING IT. It is amazing and awesome, hope you enjoy it 2We drove out to Grafton today to see what we would see. The first Grafton was settled in 1859. Three years later the settlement was wiped out in a flood. They rebuilt and continued farming. Originally they had planned to grow cotton, but soon realized that all of their arable land would be needed for food to keep them alive. It was a difficult existence. This chart is from the plaque in front of the cemetery. Look at the deaths from diphtheria, which is now a totally preventable disease. The anti vaxers never cease to confound me with their logic.
This is the cemetery. We're not sure why Joseph Berry has the tallest headstone and his very own fence. He and his family were killed by the Navajo.
These are the remaining buildings. This was the combination school/church.
The Alonzo Russel home. It's beautifully constructed.
Alonzo built this house for his wife, Louisa Marie. She had one of the first weaving looms in the area which she had brought from Connecticut. Since they had the other bigger house, I'm guessing this was her studio.
The wood is hand hewn. The wood pieces are chinked with something that looks like mud.
This is irrigation Utah style. The property owner has opened up a really high pressure pipe and is letting it flood the field. It's putting out a lot of water.
It's pretty out there. But it's out there. People are still living in the area farming and ranching. There are multiple signs pointing out that the dirt roads are impassable when wet. I guess they watch the weather reports and stock up before it rains.
We were pretty excited this morning when the two RVs with 9 children between them packed up and went home. They had been setting many fires. However, our joy has been dashed by the arrival of a rental Class A and their pyromaniac daughter. The winds are not going to be in our favor for the next few days.
If I have to go, then let it be like Loretta and Elizabeth..."Swing broke!"Series - The Road to War: Causes of Conflict Books
Causes of the Civil War
James F. Epperson
Non-fiction (Series)
Ages 9 to 12
OTTN Publishing, 2005, 1-59556-002-5
Causes of the American Revolution
Richard M. Strum
Non-Fiction
Ages 8 to 12
OTTN Publishing, 2005, 1-59556-007-7
Causes of World War II
Jim Corrigan
Non-Fiction
Ages 8 to 12
OTTN Publishing, 2005, 1-59556-0041.Rove Political Post Lives On Under Obama Fills job despite bipartisan calls to close partisan office By Matt Cantor, Newser User Posted Nov 22, 2008 8:49 AM CST 1 comment Comments John McCain said he would dismantle the White House political office if elected. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) View 2 more images (Newser) – Barack Obama will keep the White House political office running, despite bipartisan calls to close it, Politico reports. Karl Rove’s old job will be handed to Patrick Gaspar, a labor operative and national political director for Obama’s campaign. Members of both parties had slammed the office, and John McCain had pledged to close it; other experts say it’s a presidential essential. On the campaign trail, Obama attacked the methods of Karl Rove, but didn't say he'd close the office. “Many voters will be disappointed that Barack Obama is doing nothing to make his White House less political,” said an RNC spokesman. But an aide under Reagan, who created the office, said it was essential, letting Obama “communicate with his supporters and mobilize them for important battles.” View 2 more images>> view parent comment, click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
Unless its air gaped, it doesn't make a difference. On premise vs in cloud is a distinction without a meaningful difference when it comes to security.
Would it have mattered if Equifax had its own on premise data center or if it was in the could? The unpacthed security vulnerability didn't care, nor did the hackers.
In practice, there is a significant difference between on premises security and cloud security; whilst you _can_ protect clouds with firewalls of the same mettle as on premises firewalls, it often isn't done … particularly when cloud services are set up without IT security overview.
In the case of the Equinox exploit, the on-premises firewall I run should have blocked it.
Member since:
2010-09-23
Privacy concerns in the cloud vs local are similar in some ways and different in others. But if there is a rule/law/policy that says "no data outside the building/company/country" the Cloud sometimes just stops being an option and local workstations start to make more sense. Of course you will still need to comply with many other rules/laws/policies to satisfy the privacy concernsWow, in order to win one of two free 4-hour fishing charters for 4 people. This fishing simulator was at the MCBA booth, where the money collected goes to the MCBA scholarship fund. It was my first experience with a simulator and the fight is just as real as any fish I ever fought out on the lake. The only difference is that the floor does not rock like a boat and landing the fish was done by the video and not with my own 2 hands. Check out the look on some more of the kids’ faces on my gallery page.
The carvers are really amazing and talented craftsmen. Some of the carvings are hard to tell the difference between the real thing and the wooden heart.
The stuffed animals and fish were also neat to see. I have included a few photos of some of the best.
Smoked fish, smoked meats, yummy nuts and free massages, lots of boats, charter fishing services and resorts, live deer and a bear cub, fishing pond, fly-casting pond and many other miscellaneous vendors were among the fun.
The seminars were well attended and very informative, for the novice and professional alike. There were seminars on walleye fishing, bass, kings and Coho salmon, lake trout. It’s always worthwhile listening to others in the same field, because we all do things a little differently and can learn from each other. I especially learned from the pros that taught their best fishing techniques on trolling the great lakes. I can’t wait to test out the tips that I learned. My only regret is that I was not able to attend the workshops that were held on walleye fishing and deep water trolling. I’m sure they would have been very much worth the time and minimal fees.
Also, they covered hunting techniques, taxidermy and carving for those interested. There were demonstrations on dog rescue and training.
I also enjoyed the show floor where vendors had all of their latest and greatest fishing (and proven stand-by) gear on display and on sale.
Make plans to attend next year and bring your credit card to stock up on supplies for your outdoor activity. I know I will! and built on the reliable 702HP platform. Weighing over 6 metric tons at lift-off, the I-5 F3 satellite has 89 Ka-band fixed beams and 6 steerable ones. I-5 F
Date: Aug 29, 2015With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
South African qualified Chartered Accountant with twelve years experience both local and international.
Value building strong relations through strategic planning processes, resulting in exceptional revenue growth and client relationships. Previous invovlement in growing a business and setting up a new business within the financial services sector.
The global experience gained, added tremendous insights into various ways of business conduct and personal growth with an increased knowledge base for future reference.*You are currently watching or downloading Kaleido Star Episode 27 online for free in english audio dubbed / english subtitles at Englishanimes.com. Best site for streaming anime, cartoon and animated movies !!!
*Kaleido Star Episode 27: Kaleido Star 27 dub, streaming online, watch Array Episode 27 english dubbed, free download Kaleido Star Ep 27 dub, eng dubbedSlow internet is bogus. In a life where internet is essential, you can’t attain to have a choppy and turtle-like internet experience. It’s a total bummer if for any chance even for once that you will go to have such experience. You don’t want to miss your favorite shows and movies in NetFlix or compromise your regular news and emails update with sloppy and buzzy internet service. If by any chance you relate to this experience, then you better change your internet service. You don’t need to suffer for an unsatisfying internet service and speed. That is why you are here on a search for a superior internet service in town. You are in the right place.
AT&T Internet Optic Fiber Service brings color to your internet experience. This internet service has been known for delivering high quality and ultra-fast internet service that will keep your surfing, streaming, and even downloading the best you’ll ever have. It has been developed and created for wide-ranging internet users from businessmen, students, to recreational users who just want to chill out while using the internet.
AT&T Internet Speeds Review
If you are curious enough to try this internet service, then check out this AT&T internet service review. This will give you a detailed review regarding the specs, technicalities, and speeds as related to this internet service. This will also give you comparison among some other known internet service providers across the town. This AT&T internet service review will change your perspective towards the fiber optic and DSL internet world.
AT&T Internet Plans, Prices and Upload-Download Speed
AT&T has been known for giving a reliable and internet service to various states. They have own hundreds of phone lines and have recently upgraded their internet service operating with a fiber optic service plan. They are offering a maximum whooping internet speed of 1000 Mbps or 1Gbps that you will rarely find any internet service providers available in this country. Through this, it’s a guaranteed that you could download your favorite music and movies in less than a minute without delaying or buffering out. If you are thinking that 200 or 500 Mbps is quite fast, then this internet service will keep you gape-mouthed.
Additionally, if you wanted for unlimited data usage for your plan then you need to pay out an additional charge for it. Also, installation and an activation fee will be charged upon registration of your plan. But nonetheless, this is all worth knowing that at the end of this, you’ll be enjoying a stable internet connection.
Aside from its internet services, AT&T includes also television cable and telephone as part of its package. DIRECT TV, AT&T’s television experience incorporates almost 300+ channels for which like its internet services ultra-fast and reliable. You’re NFL, NBA, or Game of Thrones experience will never be the same through this cable service.
The table below lists some of the internet plans that AT&T has currently offered. A few of these plans could not be available in your area. Also, speeds could vary from reality and could influence several factors like site traffic, internal network, user device technicalities and specification. To check on this, contact any computer or internet specialist to maximize out the internet performance of your system.
AT&T Speeds Compare With Top 3 Internet Service providers
Verizon Internet
These two telecommunications and internet service providers are updated with the trends in modern technology. These companies have been known to provide excellent service to its customers. But despite that, they share numerous differences. Among this, includes advertising tactics to lure out customers into buying their product.
AT&T has taken its leap towards a 1 Gbps internet speed with various DSL and fiber optic internet plans while Verizon is limited up to 500 Mbps with two DSL internet and five fiber optic plans. Like AT&T it follows a TV cable and telephone bundle, through FIOS double play catering a lot of channels.
You’ll never get worried about data usage because Verizon goes unlimited with it. While AT&T limits such data usage, a 1 TB data consumption is quite large for internet data utilization within a month. It is somehow unlimited unless you’ll go for internet business where a lot of people are going to use the internet service.
Also, Verizon offers a wireless free government cell phones to its service. Verizon goes charity and business through participating in Lifeline Eligibility assistance that enables low income and incapacitated families to have discounted and even free telephone services within their homes. But nonetheless, this government’s communication assistance is only limited to four states including Iowa, New York, Dakota, and Wisconsin. Likewise, this is somehow good but very restricted to certain areas as needed.
Though AT&T does not have that type of service, the product still values its customers because it is cheaper than Verizon’s internet service. As for example, a 100 Mbps internet service costs about $60 only for AT&T as compared to Verizon with $69.99. Some are saying that a $9.99 will not make any difference but if you come to think of it there are a lot of things that you could do with a $9.99 then you could ever imagine.
T-Mobile Internet
Both brands have been known to telecommunications industry on giving premium services through its users. Likewise, both have its own advantages and disadvantages that you’ll go to weigh on whether what service you are going to get benefit the most. Each service providers has its own branding and targets different audience for which makes each of them quite unique. But nevertheless, let’s examine and take interest in each service provider’s technicalities and features to get through deep each of it.
In the first glance, you’ll go to notice the big difference between the two service providers. Upon looking at just the name of “T-Mobile”, it’s prettily obvious that it does not cover out DSL or cable services to its users. The company’s coverage is limited only to mobile and smartphones that most people are using today. This is really a disadvantage especially to its competitors like AT&T who offers both DSL and TV cable services.
Also, the company is not that much reliable as compared to a stable and multi-branch AT&T. Though T-Mobile has an edging internet speed when you are using it through your phones, it does not offer consistent data coverage as compared to AT&T who has a more stable connection. The service is not dependable especially to areas with weak signals such as mountains and to rural areas. Thus, this service is not ideal for utilization during travels and business trips.
But then, T-Mobile offers a cheap at the same time quality service as compared to AT&T. There has been a lot of multiple tests related to it. Almost all android phones are compatible and work well for this service. Generally, this is T-Mobile’s main advantage as compared to all the internet service providers out there.
Furthermore, assistance is being rewarded by T-Mobile to military branches and government agencies through its T-Mobile Advantage Program. This program allows entitled government and military workers to access discounts on mobile internet services. Likewise, the process will take too long and should be confirmed first before taking the mobile internet discounts.
As an overall, AT&T is still much more diverse, wide-range, and reliable as compared to T-Mobile. Though it shares significant benefits and advantages taking out the pros and cons will make you say a yes for AT&T.
Clear Wire Internet
Generally, as clear as it seems this battle is between a broadband internet service and a 4G wireless service that is quite trending these days. Compare to a DSL internet service a.k.a. AT&T, 4G wireless offers internet access to every user’s mobile android phones and tablets anywhere and everywhere they go. This is likewise a disadvantage with any DSL broadband package for which has a limited range of utilization.
But be careful, because AT&T has its own version of the 4G wireless technology. Though not as strong and as clear internet service as Clear Wire but AT&T is in the process of improving to generate flexibility to its customers.
Also, though Clear Wire is cheaper than AT&T, the company proudly offers wide-ranging services from Cable TV, telephone, to a reliable internet connection that you are going to love on having. This is quite an investment as compared to a one-dimensional mobile internet phone service. Additionally, AT&T powers with DSL and internet services that could reach up to 1000 Mbps. If you want an ultra-strength internet connection for your family or for your business, AT&T has the bigger deal.
Aside from that, Clear Wire has been facing multiple criticisms and lawsuits through the course of its history. It’s somehow discouraging to trust your internet to a company with a company who has multiple resolved scandals.
But then obviously, both companies has its own target markets. But nonetheless, AT&T delivers versatility to your internet experience. AT&T has multiple branches scattered across the country and has been in the business for quite a long time. AT&T has built its own reputation to the telecommunications and internet service industry. If you want to be all secured, then AT&T is a great choice for you.
AT&T Internet Hotspot And Wifi Coverage Of California, USA.
Residents of California will definitely enjoy the wide coverage of AT&T internet technology through its advanced GigaPower Speed that you’ll never think twice about getting it. To prove this to you, here are screenshots were taken from AT&T Maps based on the internet data and audio quality distribution in the state of California.
Internet Data Distribution
The figure on the left shows the map of the distribution of mobile internet and WiFi distribution in the state of California. As you could see, a dark orange dominates for most areas in California. This indicates a strong and fast 4G LTE (Long Term Evolution) mobile internet connection towards those areas. Additionally, there are minimal places that share 3G and 3rd Party 4G mobile services (medium and light oranges) for which still supports WiFi and internet browsing but not as fast and as reliable compared to 4G LTE – Mobile Internet Data Distribution in California
Voice and audio Quality Distribution
The figure on the left is a map of the audio quality coverage employed by AT&T in the state of California. As you look through it, the dark orange color prevails within California. This signifies an HD quality audio phone and internet calls so it’s a guarantee that you’ll never have a delayed audio during video conferences or calling your loved ones residing in California. Likewise, there are at least 30% of areas in California experiencing Voice coverage which excellent audio quality but very few minimal noises and distortions due to traffic and some external factors. Also, there are areas with 3rd Party network affiliation colored in tan. At these locations, signals could not be that strong and do not work well when riding in vehicles or streets. The signal could be unsteady from time to time and audio quality Distribution in California
AT&T Internet Customer Service
Every telecommunication and internet service providers should value their customers at its very best. The customers are the root and the key to every company’s success. That is why AT&T comes with an excellent customer support exceeding the average of most telecommunication companies in the USA. As surveyed by the American Customer Satisfaction Index and JD Power, tells that AT&T DSL and broadband users are satisfied with the company’s performance in terms of bringing a quality and reliable service to its users. The big telecommunication company is proud to announce the availability and upgrade of fiber-optic networks to its almost 12 million patrons all across the USA. This is a big leap towards developing a quality support and service to its customers.
Also, the telecommunications company is bringing customer support accessible anytime and anywhere within your reach. You can contact AT&T customer service through email, mobile phone, or through visiting their stores located near your area. The company’s customer support is available 24/7 so you’ll never to get worried about getting lost with your internet service during emergencies and rush deadlines in work or projects in school.
To get help with their service in California, you could reach through their multiple local stores in Los Angeles, San Diego, San Jose, San Francisco, Burbank, Anaheim, and San Francisco. Likewise, you could get assistance through email by signing up to their website at att.net to get updates, queries, and even secure easy payments online through it.
For customer support in California, you could contact or call 1-888-364-9551 to get more details regarding installations, maintenance, and malfunctions regarding your internet connection within the area. For specifics, you could call or message on the following numbers to get through it.
Bottom line of AT&T Speeds Review
AT&T is a telecommunication and internet service company that serves almost 21 states in the USA including California, Texas, and Georgia. Its versatile services range from cable and digital TV, mobile internet, DSL, and telephone services. This company has established a reputation in the telecommunication industry and has great reviews coming from millions of its users all over the USA. The company values its customers and has been constantly been finding its avenues towards the development, improvement, and expanding its internet coverage not just in the USA but to the international arena.
Your internet experience is guaranteed safe, secured, and fast by using AT&T packages. With its astonishing, 1Gbps download and upload speed you’ll never get to blink twice or thrice upon getting your favorite music and watching out your favorite shows and movies on the internet. This internet service expands way beyond your reach and is highly reliable during travels no matter where you are located in the USA.
However, this internet service is not quite perfect. Wireless connections could have varied within some areas as to what it is advertised. Likewise, there are a few charges being spent out during upgrades and installations. But nonetheless, the company is still cheap and affordable even to low income generated people across the USA.
Overall, this internet service provider is an excellent try to people who are sick of getting delayed and slow internet speed. This will allow your streaming, downloading, uploading, and video calling fast and high speed the way you wanted it.Paracord bracelet tutorial. Instructions for how to tie an aligator fang paracord survival bracelet in this easy step by step DIY video tutorial. Tied with a knot clasp instead of a buckle, this unique homemade 550 cord bracelet is tied with a loop and toggle knot closure.
Bracelet design: Dman McQ
Bracelet knots used: cow hitch loop, solomon knot variant, toggle button knot (no buckle)
Demonstration bracelet: 20cm or 8 inches
Materials used: 150 cm (59 inches) and 220 cm (87 inches) 550 parachute cord
If you like knots check out my other channel WhyKnot, where we discuss all kinds of knots, both decorative and functional:
source‘Take a bite out of crime’
Get ready for National Night Out!
The La Vernia National Night Out celebration is scheduled for Tuesday, Oct. 3, from 6:30-8:30 p.m. in the La Vernia City Park.
This is an excellent opportunity to meet with the La Vernia Police Department, EMS, and fire department, and celebrate safe community relations.
The event in the city park includes free food and beverages, safety initiatives, games, entertainment, prizes, and more. Meet community members and local organizations.
National Night Out is America’s night out against crime. Events are designed to:
• Heighten crime- and drug-prevention awareness
• Generate support for, and participation in, local anti-crime programs
• Strengthen neighborhood spirit and police-community partnerships
• Send a message to criminals, letting them know that neighborhoods are organized and fighting back.
Area residents are invited to lock their doors, turn on the outside lights, and spend the evening with neighbors and police. Neighborhoods in La Vernia and across Texas host block parties, cookouts, anti-crime rallies, and more. National Night Out showcases the vital importance of police-community partnerships and citizen involvement in the fight to build a safer nation.
Last year’s event was a huge success, with more than 700 visitors attending.
The La Vernia Police Department thanks all of the civic organizations and community members for supporting last year’s La Vernia National Night Out celebration.
Let’s make this one even better!
For information or to participate, contact the La Vernia Police Department at 830-779-2113.
Join the community and McGruff the Crime Dog next Tuesday to “Take a bite out of crime.”Detachment is one of the most important, and difficult, of monastic concepts. The basic definition is to “separate from”. In brief, detachment refers to the “separation” of a person from their desires. Thus it has elements of renunciation in it. Detachment carries with it the concept that desire will still be present, but the person will not obey it or let it produce evil behavior or attitudes. In this regard it resembles resisting a temptation. This use of the term applies to detachment from illicit or immoral desires.
More importantly though (and more difficult to understand) is detachment from valid, morally neutral or “normal” human drives. Thus, for example, a person may find within themselves a desire for acceptance by peers or authority. These are not sinful desires in and by themselves. Yet, because of the choice to live a humble and serving life a person may release these drives and “detach” from them.
This raises many questions. For one thing, how does a person “detach” from a licit desire without becoming proud of the accomplishment? The answer is that the monastic feels the pleasure of God in their choice. They surrender one desire to gain a greater gift. They must be in prayer to gain this trade. Furthermore, the monastic realizes their weakness. They realize that this ability to detach is a gift. It is not dead works, but grace. They are called to a private life of communion with God, but the “price” is accepting His will to forgo some desires. Any attempt, however, to be proud about the detachment will remove the communion. It is rather like the difference between legalism and the conquering of sin by grace. A quiet, humble and resting heart marks true monastic detachment.
Another question that arises is this: why just some desires? Why not all desires? In short, the answer is that detachment doesn’t derive from principle but from leading. The person feels they are called by God to surrender some desires. To renounce all desires on the principle that pleasure is evil leads to excess self-denial and is not supported by biblical teaching (see asceticism).
A person can exercise detachment from self importance (or significance, ambition, power or “ego”) and instead be motivated by concern for others and for the advancement of the kingdom. This is an extremely useful application of detachment. It is greatly needed today in the church world and can produce excellent results. In the individual it produces surrender of self will to the will of God and great rest. In a corporate context it reduces competition and promotes body ministry and unity.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-82649272180868672582016-10-29T08:08:20.255-07:00Nude Fakes Celebritygendeng Tisdale Nude Fakes Celebrity Ashley Tisdale Nude gendeng Dawson Nude Fakes Celebrity Rosario Dawson Nude gendeng Handler Nude Fakes Celebrity Chelsea Handler Nude Fakes Videos gendeng Abraham Nude Fakes Celebrity Farrah Abraham Nude gendeng nude naked modelgendeng beautiful nude bodygendeng brunettegendeng Brunette Modelgendeng five 2013 celebrity mummies-to-be: Kate Middleton, Fearne Cotton, Kim Kardashian and more2013 is still young, but we're already excited about what the celebrity mummy world has in store for us this year, with a range of stars due to give birth in the upcoming months. Towards the end of last year, we were delighted to hear that Kate Middleton was pregnant, while Kim Kardashian and Jessica Simpson both announced they too were expecting little bundles in 2013. And let's not forget gendeng Kardashian Baby Bump Photo Earn $300.000The reality star, Kim Kardashian finally pregnant with her lover, Kanye West. Kim's Pregnancy alone is estimated about 3 months old, but her future baby's not even born apparently been able to monetize hundred thousand of dollars. Kim Kardashian's mother, Kris Jenner, reportedly will sell Kim Kardashian’s baby bump photo to magazines to be used as cover. In fact, Kris Jenner even auctioning gendeng Jackson: Paris Jackson Boycotts Her WeddingThe daughter of the "King of Pop" Michael Jackson, Paris Jackson is trying to prevent the union between Janet Jackson and Wissam Al Mana.Jan.gendeng Holmes: Sexy Celebrity Face of Bobbi Brown CosmeticsKatie Holmes Stuns in Bobbi Brown Beauty Ad DebutsDivorced gendeng Cruise New Girlfriend in 2013: Cynthia Jorge?Has’ gendeng Quite Subtitles - But Much Better I was surfing YouTube (as you do!) and came across a film with loads of my captions. Wow! - I thought. If you want to have nearly fifteen minutes of mine and other people's captions go to You Tube - Chastity Tease Captions (BDSM funny games).Unless you're a speed-reader, you'll have to pause a lot to read all the captions. Thank you Los80forever for compiling it all, for us.gendeng That First Scary, Unsure StepIt's always exciting and scary at the beginning. I think I keep coming back to this part of the game, because S&M is making the scary erotic. It's a fundamental part of the human condition where ghosts, goblins and things that go bump in the night, have been part of many cultures for as long as recorded history itself. Here's some exciting discoveries. gendeng WishingWhen we are at the height of arousal, do we make wise decisions? I hope not. So, when we ask a keyholder to be strict, mean and bitchy, there's always the safe-word, right? I mean, it's only not having orgasms. How hard can that be? These keyholders are looking forward to finding out. gendeng Living The ResolutionI'm just curious about how many of you have welched on your New Year's Resolutions already, just a week in? Who's been a naughty boy then? Pick your punishment fantasy from the following. gendeng Celebrity Porn: Paris Hilton's Porn Picture Nude Celebrity Porn: Paris Hilton's Porn Picture gendeng Watson NudeEmma Watson Nudegendeng Portman Nude Pics Natalie Portman Nude Pics gendeng Lawson NudeNigella Lawson Nudegendeng feminization quickies Feminized for cheatingWhen the girls found out that Jim and his best friend Steve were cheating on them they got their revenge by slowing feeding them estrogen over a period of months. Together with ever increasing encouragement to feminize their lives the boys rapidly progressed towards womanhood. By the time they realized what was happening it was too late. They were more interested in gendeng decides to teach her crossdresssing neighbour a lesson Lisa wasn't amused when she found Adrian wearing her favorite skirtWhen Adrian's neighbor came home early and found him parading around in her clothes he was willing to do anything to prevent her calling the police and pressing charges for burglary. It took some pleading but at last Lisa gave in. After taking some pictures of him for 'future reference' she decided to administer her own form of gendeng crossdressing with a lingerie bait Darren couldn't resist trying the new lingerie for himselfDarren's heart was thumping as he headed for his sister's room. Trisha was something of a fashionista and in particular when it came to her lingerie which was always classy. After years of admiring her underwear and clothes in the laundry room he final began wearing her clothes at every opportunity. This has gone on for a few months until gendeng sissyboy all tied upKaren looked at the text message that had just arrived from her room mate Marilin and scratched her head. The message simply said:"Package waiting for you at home. DON'T OPEN TILL I GET THERE! :-)"She couldn't imagine what the package could be as she wasn't expecting any orders from online shopping. She tried calling Marilin but she wasn't answering her phone.At last it was time to go home at thegendengMexican-American country star Rick Trevino brings his Texas guitar and his take on this Latino moment in America.
Texas country singer Rick Trevino was born on Buffalo Bayou in Houston, a third-generation Mexican-American who just wanted to sing straight ahead Texas country music. When his recording label wanted some Spanish, he had to brush up on the language to deliver. But lately, Trevino’s feeling those Mexican roots. DACA and Dreamers are on his mind. His songs are changing. Up next On Point: All American, Mexican-American country singer Rick Tevino on this Latino-American moment. — Tom Ashbrook.
Guest
Rick Trevino, Grammy-Award winning Mexican American country music artist. His upcoming album is “Long Coyote Gone.” (@RickTrevinoMain)
From Tom’s Reading List
The San Angelo Standard-Times: Country Star Rick Trevino Gets Personal With New Album — . ‘Some of the songs are more personal, provocative and political than anything else I’ve ever done,’ the country star said. ‘I’ve been singing “I’m a Mexican” for the past three years.'”
Albuquerque Journal: A Little Bit Country, A Little Bit Spanish: And All About The Music — Rick Trevino Is There For The Fans — “Over the course of his career, Trevino has dealt with plenty of ups and downs. In 1999, he lost his record deal. Then, he immediately was able to work on “Mi Son,” which featured Mexican folk music. ‘I’m still very proud of that album,’ he says. ‘It got me back to my roots, which is where I’ve always wanted to remain in music.'”
Las Cruces Sun-News: 2016 LCCMF: Rick Trevino Brings Music To City He Loves — .”
Watch the teaser for Rick Trevino’s new video, “I Am A Mexican” playing with Tejano superstar Flaco Jimenez on the accordion
Rick Trevino “I AM A Mexican” Teaser from Rick Trevino on Vimeo.
9(MDAzOTg1NjAzMDEyNTIwMDUzMDg0MGQ5NA004))Smart Thermostats
Nigel Sladden’s are an independent installer of Smart Thermostats in Kent. Stop thinking about your heating, have it warm when you get home and save when you are away.
Your phone automatically adjusts your heating using your location. Smart thermostats makes sure that no energy is wasted, with the help of the Smartphone App it automatically knows how far you are away from your home and carefully reduces the temperature to an optimal level as soon as the last person has left home. Also the hot water can be controlled by this device as an option.
It keeps in mind how to pre-warm the home most efficiently for your return. This can cut overall heating costs by an average of 30%, that could be an approx. saving of £1000 in just 5 years. It does not matter which type of heating you have or from which manufacturer – Smart Thermostats works with almost all systems: combi, system and heat-only boilers, conventional and condensing boilers and zoned systems.
Benefits of smart thermostat:
Location based heating via a mobile app
Hot water control (may require extension kit)
Weather forecast integration
Remote control via smartphone and Web
Temperature report
Learns of home thermal characteristics for predictive control.
For more information or a free estimate please call 01227 733794.Municipal Building, New York City, New York 1917
Photo from a postcard sent in 1917. The info on the back of postcard reads:
"The Municipal Building, facing City Hall Park at Park Row and Center Sts., contains offices for all the city departments and is the largest structure of its kind in the world. It is 34 stories, 580 feet high, including a 30 foot statue of Miss Civic Pride on tower. Foundation consists of 116 pneumatic caissons sunk 260 feet below water level. Total cost $13,000,000."
Postcard drawn by Moses King for "H-H-T Co.".Christmas: A Biography (Hardcover).
About the Author.By food contributor Brittany
We’ve been on a friends customize their own as they please. It also makes it easy as the host because we can prep everything the night before and when we wake up all we have to make are the crêpes! (which in my home is my husband’s job, he’s known as the “crêpe master”) I decided to come up with a twist on the traditional crêpe and use one of my favorite combos, lemon and blueberry.
keep reading for the recipe…Lemon Poppyseed Crêpes with Blueberry Cream Cheese Filling
I made these a little while ago and they were absolutely delicious knocked me off my feet. I did feel the batter was a little finicky though but added more flour which seemed to do the trick. Otherwise, fabulous! Thanks.
YUM! Lemon poppyseed is genius! I’ve always just made plain (slightly sweetened) crepes. These look like a welcome change. I plan on trying this recipe!
Yum! Love the combination of blueberries and lemon poppyseeds! Need to make a gluten-free version!
Simply gorgeous pictures. Love that about coming to your site.
These look amazing! Love the poppyseed. Can’t wait to experiment for a Gluten Free spin!This Superior Detached Residence is situated in a quiet yet much sought after location within close proximity to the Town Centre and all Local Amenities. This property has been well maintained and is further enhanced by its spacious interior and extensive grounds making this an Excellent Family Home.
Porch: 4’1’’x7’9’’, Carpet Flooring
Entrance Hall: 7’3’’ x 10’10” Carpet Flooring, Beams in Ceiling, Downlights, Cloakroom, WC
W.C: 4’10” x 3’3” Tiled Flooring, White Suite, Partially Tiled Walls
Living Room: 11’10” x 17’3” Carpet Flooring, Brick Fireplace, Bay Window, TV Point, Beamed Ceiling, Down lights, Telephone Point.
Kitchen/Dinette: 16’9” x 10’6’’ Dark Oak High and Low Level Units, Free Standing Cooker, Freestanding Dishwasher, Free Standing Fridge Freezer, Extractor Fan, TV Point, Tile Flooring, Partially Tiled Walls, Beams in Ceiling.
Dining Room: 11’8’’ x 12’10’’ Carpet Flooring, Patio Doors, Serving Hatch from Kitchen
Utility Room: 12’x7’4’’ Tile Flooring, Plumbed for Washing Machine, S.S Sink.
Landing: 17’10’’x6’1’’ Carpet Flooring, Spot Lights, Hot Press.
Bathroom: 7’1” x 6’1” Cream Suite, Bath with Mains Shower Above, Tile Flooring, Partially Tiled
Walls.
Master Bedroom: 11’11” x 17’10” Carpet Flooring, TV Point, 6 Door Robe Built In, Bay Window.
En- Suite: 12’9’’ x 10’5’’ White Suite, Bath, Large Mains Shower, Tile Flooring, Fully Tiled Walls, Double Sink with Storage Unit.
Bedroom 2: 9’4” x 9’6” Carpet Flooring, Walk-in Wardrobe (11’x6’1’’ Vanity Unit, Fully Railed, Carpet Flooring)
Bedroom 3: 10’5” x 11’3” Carpet Flooring.
Bedroom 4: 11’3’’ x 13’7’’ Carpet Flooring, Built in Wardrobes and Drawer sets.
Pool: 9’10’’ x 20’5’’ Heated Pool
Sauna/ Changing: 15’5’’ x 8’4’’ Down Lights, Wooden Ceiling, Non Slip Flooring, Shower
Office: 7’10’’ x 7’9’’ Carpet Flooring, Telephone Point
Games Room: 11’9’’x 13’3’’ Carpet Flooring, PVC Ceiling, Full Electrics, Cladded Walls, Pool Table
Garage 1: 11’ x 17’8’’ Up & Over Door, Full Electrics
Garage 2: 13’ x 12’9’’ Up & Over Door, Full Electrics
OTHER: PVC Windows, Wooden External Doors, Timber Internal Doors, Beam Hoover System.
OUTSIDE: Spacious Lawns with Mature Shrubs, Large Paved Patio, Full Size Tennis Court, 9 Hole Mini Golf Course, Tarmac Driveway.
EPC REF: 9982-0527-6060-0739-4902+917210114825
Since our inception in 2009, we are emerging as one of the most reputed companies engaged in the business of exporting and supplying of 3 Verena Blue Flowers. They are extensively used on first birthday celebration of babies, wedding functions, theme parties, and opening of showrooms & restaurants. Due to their large flowerhead, these flowers are required in fewer numbers and are often used with dark contrasting colored species. We offer 3 Verena Blue Flowers at highly competitive prices and in bulk quantities as demanded by our respected customers.
Features:
Spectacular look
Suitable for making exquisite bridal bouquets
Free from harmful pesticidesI was the second to arrive, after Sarina. Lefty arrived soon thereafter, and we decided to start the tasting. Afterall, 15 minute grace period was up!
Third on the list was just-delivered Sarina’s Hakusan Junmai from Nada area in Hyogo Prefecture. This was the heaviest saké of the night, with creamy nose and intense sharp flavor of rice.
That was the highlight of the night, before things degenerated a bit.
Let's just say that the rest of the evening involved taking V train home, oversleeping my stop (to the tune of $25 cab fare), and a lost note pad and business cards. It was both an unforgettable and forgettable night in one.
1 comment:
Sounds like a wonderful experience. A great trial for Pu-erh the next morning :). If interested I can bring you in a sample. :)This 1931 Chrysler Imperial Formal Sedan is not only one of just six believed still in existence today; it is the only one that has been completely personalized and updated in Resto Mod fashion, and it is even more fascinating than first looks suggest. The 1931-33 Chrysler Imperials have long been considered the company’s greatest classics of the pre-World War II era. With semi-custom bodies by LeBaron evoking grandiosity on a scale suggesting Bugatti’s Royales of the same period, the Imperial possessed low and rakish lines, unrivaled by any American automobile of the time, stretched over an impressive 145-inch wheelbase. This highly customized Imperial capitalizes on those qualities with a full 3-inch chop of the roof that emphasizes its sweeping coachwork and elegant black paint. Its biggest surprise is inside the long, low hood; where once Chrysler’s first and largest straight-8 purred away, there is now a new fuel-injected Dodge Viper 8.0L/500 HP V-10 backed by a matching 6-speed manual transmission and race-engineered Mark Williams Pro Stock 9-inch Ford rear end with Detroit Locker differential. The well-engineered installation incorporates an American Autowire harness, custom radiator with 2-speed electric fan, aircraft-quality plumbing and high-flow tube headers feeding dual exhaust. The undercarriage is awash in chrome and polished stainless, including stainless fuel and brake lines and fuel tank, Fatman independent front suspension, 4-wheel coilovers, power disc brakes and power steering. In addition to the chopped top, this handsome custom Imperial features a filled top, hood vents and front fender spare-tire wells, custom steel running boards, exterior bright trim and lights and 17-inch front and 20-inch rear Colorado Custom wheels and Goodyear tires. The roomy cabin combines the Old World elegance of gray velour cloth upholstery with more chrome and polished stainless trim and controls, power windows, air conditioning and overhead sound system controls, completing this one-of-a-kind high-luxury vintage Rod.155 157 Bianca Bianca2017-08-01 09:23:262017-08-01 11:24:01Getting ready for a new trade mark regime after Brexit
Getting ready for a new trade mark regime after Brexit
Trade marks and IP are emerging as another area of uncertainty for companies mulling the implications of Brexit. It is currently unclear exactly what trade mark landscape will emerge as a result of the Brexit negotiations, but UK tech…
155 157 Bianca Bianca2017-07-13 10:34:462017-07-13 11:42:48Press release: AGM Abogados and IMO Asesores join their workforce
Press…
_8<<…Cheers: Round Table chair Greg Frith and Pocklington Mayor Cllr Paul West raise a glass in 2014
The countdown is on to opening time for one of the East Riding’s best-loved fundraising events – with our North region raising a supporting glass to its on-going success.
Once again we’re sponsoring the main marquee at the 12th annual Pocktoberfest Beer Festival on Saturday October 10th. Last year, the event raised almost £9,000 for the RNLI, Help for Heroes, local Riding for the Disabled, schools and many other community causes.
Organised by the Pocklington & Market Weighton Round Table, the revelry takes place at the town’s rugby club – providing a packed day of beer and real ale drinking, food and a showcase of live music.
Round table vice chairman Greg Frith said: “We were delighted that Linden Homes has decided to come on board again this year, and we look forward to building on the 500-plus visitors who joined us at the 2014 event and making them welcome in the Linden Homes marquee.
Steve Woomble, sales director for Linden Homes North added: “It is a great pleasure to support such a popular event taking place right in the heart of our community, and one which we know is so very greatly thought of and well attended – and above all, raises money for local goodNEW VERSION 3.1 COCOBASE ENTERPRISE
O/R CUTS COST OF E-COMMERCE APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT THANKS TO ENTERPRISE
JAVABEAN OPTIMIZATION
Thought Inc. announces
release of CocoBase Enterprise O/R 3.1: Generates Database Access
code for Enterprise JavaBean Applications; Support all of top EJB
Servers; Features Dynamic client side querying for Java and EJB
applications, and Dynamic mapping of tables on the fly
SAN FRANCISCO, CA., May 9, 2000 -
THOUGHT Inc., () of San Francisco has announced
the release and shipment of Version 3.1 of its CocoBase Enterprise
O/R 3.1, the leading Object/Relational mapping tool. CocoBase
Enterprise O/R 3.1 allows users to substantially cut costs for
development of E-Commerce applications by dramatically reducing
the amount of coding necessary to create the Enterprise JavaBeans
that many e-commerce sites rely on. This 5th major upgrade of
the product from the leader in object-oriented mapping technology
for Enterprise JavaBeans delivers many new features for E- Commerce
applications, including support of all of the leading servers,
dynamic client side querying and dynamic mapping of tables. These
new features add additional support companies needing to meet
their return on investment (ROI) requirements for E-commerce solutions.
Thought Inc.'s focus on cost savings, ease of development and
broad base of industry support provides CocoBase customers like
GTE Inc., AppNet Inc. and Perot Systems a major competitive advantage.
"As consultants specializing in application delivery, TRC
has integrated the GemStone and CocoBase products very successfully
on several large-scale projects," said John King, Director
for The Technical Resource Connection (TRC), a wholly owned subsidiary
of Perot Systems Corporation. "Packaging these two software
products together is an excellent and timely decision. The strengths
afforded to the developer by packaging these complementary products
makes it an obvious winner."
One of the main features of CocoBase Enterprise O/R v3.1 is the
ability to automatically generate all of the database access code
from a map of the underlying data instead of writing the access
by hand. This feature alone cuts the development time from around
40 hours to create a fully functional Entity Bean for EJB to Minutes!
CocoBase provides tightly integrated Entity Bean support for Container
Managed Persistence and Bean Managed Persistence that is portable
across EJB Application Servers such as; BEA Weblogic 5.1, Gemstone/J,
IBM's WebSphere, Inprise's Application Server, IONA's iPortal
Server, iPlanet's (a Sun - Netscape Alliance) NAS Server, JONAS
(open source) Application Server, Object Spaces' Voyager and Sybases'
EA Server.
"Our integrations with the leading EJB Servers providing
Entity bean support for both Container and Bean Managed Persistence,
offers a complete development platform for Database Access with
EJB applications. CocoBase Enterprise O/R delivers the most flexible,
portable and customizable EJB Persistence on the market,"
said Ward Mullins, CTO of THOUGHT Inc.
Container Managed Persistence (CMP) allows developers to build
EJB components without having to directly deal with persistence
during development. While Bean Managed Persistence (BMP) requires
that developers write a certain amount of persistence code. The
use of CMP reduces the need for a developer to understand or to
implement persistence code, which can dramatically speed up and
simplify development. In contrast, the use of BMP makes it easier
for the developer to edit and customize persistence code during
development. While BMP delivers much needed flexibility to a developer,
it also increases the complexity which CocoBase Enterprise O/R
manages for you. With the use of CocoBase Enterprise O/R, the
developer finds little difference in building applications using
either CMP or BMP.
Other features that are important in this release are; 1) the
ability to Dynamically Query from the client both regular Java
and EJB applications through a QueryBuilder library. (which is
included as source code.) 2) Dynamic Mapping of database tables
so that in one step all of your tables can be mapped, thus saving
time.
"Development, deployment and maintenance cost savings coupled
with ease of use across EJB servers are what we deliver to customers
who are building E-Commerce applications." said Dan Wilson,
Vice President of Sales and Marketing, THOUGHT Inc. "Our
ability to work with virtually any EJB Server ensures that companies
have the flexibility to meet ever changing requirements without
losing ROI.
About CocoBase Enterprise O/R
CocoBase Enterprise O/R provides
a powerful standard for bridging the fault companys' patented flagship product
and the industry's most advanced framework for accessing legacy
data in a distributed application since March of 1997. Since that
time, THOUGHT Inc. founders have successfully provided solutions
for customers deploying applications on the Worldwide Web and
have gained a reputation for excellence with Object Mapping. CocoBase
is a standards based product relying on such technologies as EJB,
RMI, CORBA, JDB.Brands You Can Trust
Your operation needs a partner that you can trust. That’s where FoodHandler comes in. We sell a wide range of high quality disposable products under three leading brands.
Your operation needs a partner that you can trust. That’s where FoodHandler comes in. We sell a wide range of high quality disposable products under three leading brands.
The FoodHandler brand is known for unmatched quality and innovation. Featuring the industry’s first NSF-certified gloves, our full line of FoodHandler branded products covers every back and front of the house application.
The JobSelect line of gloves makes FoodHandler quality available across a broad range of applications and industries. From value-focused options to groundbreaking innovations like Comfort™ Nitrile gloves, the JobSelect brand delivers the performance and protection your workplace demands.
MedHandler exam-grade gloves are designed to achieve the high-performance specifications required by medical industry professionals. Featuring multiple material types for the various healthcare applications, the MedHandler brand will provide quality and peace of mind.
The oneSAFE design is a first-of-its-kind innovation in the food industry. The new single-glove dispensing system enables you to provide a higher level of safety to your foodservice operation. Its ease of use can help significantly reduce the risk of cross-contamination, reduce waste, and decrease your operation’s environmental footprint.386-547-8586
debbie@thewellerteam.com
The leader of The Weller Team is Debbie Weller, a multi-million dollar producing Realtor® serving the Greater Daytona Beach area.Celebrating her 11th year assisting home buyers and sellers in achieving their real estate goals, Debbie has consistently been in the top 2-4% in sales among agents in our market…for very good reasons. Not only has Debbie been at the top of the sales chart in Volusia County, but her sales have consistently increased in almost every year of the past decade, whether the real estate market was hot or in decline. In fact, in 2009 and 2010, universally considered very down years in the real estate industry, Debbie’s sales went up, topping 8.4 million dollars in each of those challenging years. Her expertise generates results for both buyers and sellers and can help you to either find the perfect property or sell in any market. A decade of professional Real Estate service has given Debbie a breadth of experience that clients enthusiastically use to their advantage. But Debbie brings more than just extensive experience. She brings passion, attention to detail, knowledge of the market and an unwavering willingness to go the extra mile to help her clients achieve their dreams when it comes to home ownership. She will listen to your needs and goals first. Then after understanding what defines success for you, she builds a plan and makes recommendations toward attaining that success. Real estate has always been a passion of Debbie’s, even before it became a career. She has purchased and sold several personal and investment properties. This allowed her a first-hand point of view into what it’s like to be a real estate client, and enables her to apply that knowledge toward being a more effective and empathetic consultant those she serves. Upon becoming a Realtor®, Debbie joined Adams, Cameron & Company, Volusia County’s undisputed real estate leader. In her first year, she was named Rookie of the Year and was annually awarded the prestigious President’s Club designation for her stellar performance. She remained at Adams, Cameron until making a strategic move to Illustrated Properties Real Estate, the largest private real estate company in Florida. This move has provided The Weller Team with additional marketing tools and resources to expand the level of services they provide. Each year, Debbie continues to earn the Platinum Producer award at Illustrated Properties, the highest level for an agent to achieve. Prior to launching her career in real estate, Debbie was a successful sales and marketing executive with the International Speedway Corporation. Her NASCAR experience includes service at Watkins Glen International (NY), Richmond International Speedway (VA), and the Daytona International Speedway where she negotiated multi-million dollar deals with Fortune 500 clients. The expertise gained through these complex negotiations are regularly applied to the benefit of the home buyers and sellers she serves.
On a personal note, Debbie is an active member of the Volusia county community, having moved to the Daytona Beach area from Lexington, MI, in 1990. She is a member of the Ormond Beach Chamber of Commerce, graduate of Ormond Leadership XI, Coastal Boxer Rescueand has worked with and supported Habitat for Humanity and the United Way. In her free time, she enjoys life on the water, tennis at Oceanside Country Club and team play in the Greater Volusia Tennis League (GVTL), walking on the beach and quality time with her husband, Aaron Jolley, their “canine kids” three rescue Boxers, plus an African Gray parrot. Debbie’s honesty, trustworthiness and confidence will be evident in your first meeting. Her success is well documented and undisputed in the sales numbers she has generated. But perhaps the strongest evidence of her talent is the long list of happy customers she has served over the years. Their testimonials alone should assure you that Debbie has your best interest in mind. They say that true leaders surround themselves with great people, and that’s what Debbie has done in building The Weller Team. Aaron Jolley is a licensed Realtor with a wealth of industry related experience and background, which brings his unique perspectives to the team, creating a versatile force that covers all aspects of client needs.Freedom of Ideas
Assemblymember Mike Eng was the keynote speaker on June 27 during a Democrats’ Club Meeting held at Wahib’s Middle Eastern Restaurant in Alhambra.
Members of several local clubs met over a delicious lunch and discussed ideas to improve the lives of California residents. The state budget was not balanced and on July 1st the state would be paying their debts with IOU’s.
Mr. Eng spoke about the multiply meetings he attended in Sacramento. He was due back to attend an emergency meeting on the evening of June 28.
The bad news is the California budget is not balanced. The worse case is the state is $19 billion in the hole and would be paying their debts with IOU’s.
He said the Democrats and Republicans in the Assembly worked together on the budget. The Senate did not vote on their budget.
He did not want an all the cuts in the budget. It would hurt the working families, seniors and in-home support services.
Mr. Eng proposed a balance budget by taxing oil taken out of the state and $1.50 sin taxes on cigarettes and alcohol beverages to support students and in-home services.
He stated the Governor Schwarzenegger would not sign anything that looks like a tax. He blasted former President Bush for the mortgage meltdown and the reduction in stock portfolios, 401K accounts and pensions.
He told a story about a mortgage broker who became rich on the “liars’ loans” that caused the mortgage meltdown.
Mr. Eng blamed the state’s financial disaster on Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger giving away the VLF funds (Vehicle Registration Fees). He stated the VLF equaled $4.5 billion a year, which added up together, would equal the $19 billion short fall.
These fees would have been used to support the local governments. The funds used to replenish the VLF fees came from the general funds.
Mr. Eng said don’t let people blame it on the Democrat Party. There is a small window of time to bring about the opportunity to change. He is opened to reform.
He spoke about a Constitutional Convention held in July that would elect delegates to make suggestions to be put on the ballot to change the state constitution. They would need majority vote to put anything on the ballot.
He suggested we do away with Prop 13 (which keeps property taxes to a 1% annual tax increase on residential property and a 2% annual increase on business property).
Suggestions from the floor countered his suggestion to only increase the property taxes on business properties.
He stated that same sex marriage should be allowed; increase the funding for education and charge sin taxes to help improve the financial health of California.
Mr. Eng stated any changes would not take place any time soon and the voters may reject any ballot measures that are too controversial. It is about change.
The window for opportunity is small, as the Democrats have begun to meet on the issue of ballot amendments. He suggested that the members have discussions on the ballot changes made by the legislature before they are placed on the ballot.
(Editor’s note: California is one of the few states where the voters can amend the state constitution by ballot measure.)
He said the Republicans would also have meetings on their ballot amendments.
Mr. Eng spoke about possible changes that could be made to our form of government: Tax reform on different taxes, Budgets that cover two to four years, Local governments should be made stronger, Shorted session in Sacramento, Change the 2/3 majority vote and Reverse term limits. We need to find the sweet spot to change the system.
Democrat Congressional Candidate Judy Chu spoke about her chance to go to Washington, DC as a member of Congress to take over Hilda Solis’ seat. She received a 9% victory over the other Democrat candidates. People voted on a person based on their qualifications.
Ms. Chu stated that Gil Cedillo, another Democrat candidate, requested Betty Tom Chu run as a Republican candidate and drop her middle name of Tom to draw votes away from Judy Chu.
She spoke about all the issues that Betty Tom Chu was against as a conservative.
Ms. Chu stated that Betty Tom Chu was self funded and was late in filling her financial reports.
Judy Chu asked her fellow Democrats in the 32nd District for their support.Essentials
Warm-up
Essentials 2 Row/ Lunge/ Burgener (No Measure)
Client should be rolling out on their own before the session begins.
500m Row
Offshore lunge routine
Burgener Warm Up: 1st (5) movements
Strength & Skill
Essentials 2 Deadlift & Pressing (2 x 5)
Coaches: Stance, Grip & Position
***Tell, Show, Tell, Go***
Deadlift: 2 sets of 5
-Stance: Feet in pulling position
-Grip: near there shins
-Position: Stacking the joints
knee over ankle, vertical shin, flat low back
Teach: Barbell Deadlift, Kettlebell DL, KB Swing (Russian & American), SDHP, 1-Arm Russian swing.
Pressing: 2 sets of 5
Strict, Push, Push Jerk…
-Stance: Jumping/ Pulling pos.
-Grip: full grip
-Position: Stacked wrist/elbow,
Teach: Barbell & Kettlebell
Metcon
Essentials 2 Row, Swing, STO (AMRAP – Rounds and Reps)
8Min AMRAP
10 Calorie Row
10 KB Swing (26/35)
10 STO (Barbell)
RX+: 35/53, 65/95Josh will 461.464 görüntüleme 2:39 How to activate Wi-Fi on a HP Laptop WITHOUT the Wi-fi button ! - Süre: 3:14. Email Email marketing powered by dotMailer emailfacebooktwittergoogle+ Got a question?Click here to ask our online community and tutors. In the network connections window, right-click your Wireless network and select "Properties" from the context menu. Mars WiFi - Free WiFi HotSpot 3.0.2.2 License Free Download Language English Platform windows ... Source
Cayla Wood Abone olAbone olunduAbonelikten çık2.1532 B Yükleniyor... The underlying feature is still present, though. Most internet providers now supply wireless routers as standard. Click change adapter settings Find the adapter you wish to share, which in is the one that is connected to the internet and right click, select properties, to go the sharing weblink
Kapat Evet, kalsın. When I got to the second step in the articles process of setting up an ad hoc network I got an error message, "unspecified error"When I ran the "Windows Network Diagnostics" You should now see a list of available networks – an example is on the left. Step 4: To connect to a network, just click on its name. bestelectronicsin 568.776 görüntüleme 2:06 How To make a Wifi Connection on Desktop without wireless router [Windows 7] - Süre: 1:48.
Got a question?Click here to ask our online community and tutors. An example of Internet Connection Sharing is if you have a laptop connected via wire to a router or modem and then share that connection to a phone or tablet either Here are instructions for setting that up on XP, on Windows vista, and on Windows 7.Mac: Use Internet Sharing: Mac OS X also has its own version of Internet Sharing built-in. How To Connect To Wifi On Laptop Step 3: Find out the name of the wifi network that the router in your location is transmitting.
WiFi is turned on. If available, this setting can be adjusted through the adapter's driver interface program, along with the other settings for wireless profiles and Wi-Fi channel number. You may change your cookie preferences and obtain more information here. Check transmission power settings.
Oturum aç 467 Yükleniyor... How To Connect To Wifi In Windows 7 HowStuffWorks Tech Tech Toggle navigation Follow us Facebook YouTube Twitter Pinterest NOW Adventure Animals Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home & Garden More Lifestyle Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Lifestyle Money You should now see a list of available networks – an example is on the left. Step 4: To connect to a network, just click on its name. If there is a wifi adaptor, a wifi icon should also appear in the system tray in the bottom right-hand corner of the screen.
Dilinizi seçin.
An example of how to set up and connect to wifi at home (using a Windows 7 computer) What you’ll need: a wireless router a Windows 7 computer with a built-in How To Connect Wifi In Laptop Windows 7 Step 1: Locate yourself in a property or public space that has a wireless router. How To Connect Laptop To Wifi Windows 10 If you don't have one in your desktop, you can use a USB or PCI WiFi adapter.
You can connect your mobile device to the Internet on your laptop with one click over a USB connection. this contact form Turn Your PC Into a Wi-Fi Hotspot the Easy WayIf you can't get the built-in Windows Wi-Fi hotspot working, you should try using Connectify Hotspot instead -- it's a completely foolproof What are the settings to implement ?Log in or register to post comments By Bhagwan singh on 23rd December 2015 bhagwan singh gurjar bansrotaLog in or register to post comments By Somewhere where a wifi signal is being transmitted. How To Connect Laptop To Wifi Router
Here Are 5 Ways to Fix It Article When people say 'Wi-Fi', what exactly are they talking about? Kundan Bhattarai 148.432 görüntüleme 6:56 How to Solve Windows 10 Wifi Limited Access problem - Troubleshoot WiFi Not Connecting in Windows 10 - Süre: 6:06. Article How Far Will My Wi-Fi Reach? have a peek here NOW Adventure Animals Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home & Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Follow us Facebook YouTube Twitter Pinterest Like HowStuffWorks on Facebook!
Abdo Electronique 146.651 görüntüleme 3:42 How to fix Wi-fi connected but no internet access(solved internet problem)#wifinointernetaccess - Süre: 10:27. How To Connect Wifi In Mobile Step 5: Many wifi networks are made private, with access restricted via a password. Once we're connected to wifi, access to the internet is suddenly so much more convenient and flexible.
Press Windows+R on your keyboard to open the Run dialog box, type "ncpa.cpl", and then hit Enter. Got a question?Click here to ask our online community and tutors. Video kiralandığında oy verilebilir. Wifi For Pc Free Download Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Chris Hoffman is a technology writer and all-around computer geek.
at Devicescape have taken this into account when designing their new Easy WiFi software package You will now be able to find the closest hotspots ... 6 833 votes 1M downloads Not a problem. You can also confirm the connection by clicking Start, Network. What is NOT optional is picking what network adapter you want to share TO (i.e.
It's one of the best new features of the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, even though it rolled out with relatively little fanfare. Follow these step-by-step instructions to connect to wifi Step 1: Set up your wireless router - an example of which is on the right - (see How to connect to To use this option, the laptop must have an open USB port available. Follow Us Facebook How To Fix Buy Do More About Us Advertise Privacy Policy Careers Contact Terms of Use © 2017 About, Inc. — All rights reserved. Share Your
Image Credit: Iain Watson on Flickr JOIN THE DISCUSSION (17 REPLIES) April 13, 2015 Sherwood Tucker Will this work on a win7 desktop?If so how?TYApril 13, 2015 Tom Wilson It's computer repair 1.397.858 görüntüleme 10:27 I can't connect to the wireless internet - Süre: 6:56. Next, you'll start broadcasting our network with the following command: netsh wlan start hostednetwork And at any time, you can use this last command to show information about the connection. Up Next Article A beginner's guide to Wi-Fi wireless networking Up Next Article How to fix 'Network Cable Unplugged' errors on Windows computers More From Us Article How to Replace or
Laptops with limited signal range are likely to suffer from slow or dropped Internet connections.Answer: Consider these three options for improving the Wi-Fi signal range of a laptop: 1. Right click on the Wireless Network Connection icon and choose View Available Wireless Networks [source: MSU]. Somewhere where a wifi signal is being transmitted. George Kush 547.020 görüntüleme 3:14 Fix: Can't connect to this Network | WiFi problems in windows 10 | Unable to connect WiFi - Süre: 2:29.
Düşüncelerinizi paylaşmak için oturum açın. Algonquin Academic 427.978 görüntüleme 2:18 Troubleshooting a Wireless Internet Connection (Windows 8) - Süre: 4:03. See More Headlines » Most Popular 10 Nightmare Scenarios From the Internet of Things How the Dyson Bladeless Fan Works Could you put a camera in a contact lens? You just have to resort to a little command line trickery.- Drugs
- General Medicine
Combination sedative drug contains Valerian and Melissa extracts.
Composition per capsule
Standardized Valerian extract (0.5–0.8% or 0.8% Valeric acid) calculated on Valeric and Acetoxyvaleric acid 0.582 mg; Standardized Melissa dry extract (4-7% Rosmarinic acid) calculated on Rosmarinic acid 2 mg. Package 30 capsules.
Pharmacological action
Sedative action, facilitation of falling asleep and improvement of sleep quality. Valerian extract dosage meets the requirements of WHO and EMA. Drug standardization procedure meets EC requirements for test Assay of Valeric acid.
Indications for usage
Volatile functional disorder of CNS (like neurasthenia and sleep disorder).
Administration
Oral, for adults and children over 1. In hyperexcitability 2 capsules 2 times a day. In sleep disorder 1 capsule before falling asleep for at least 14 days.
>>
Draw a Math Story: From the Concrete to the Symbolic
OVERVIEW
Students identify key mathematical vocabulary heard in read-alouds of math-oriented stories. The teacher then models math story writing by soliciting characters, setting, and plot from students, then drawing a series of images depicting students' story and paying special attention to the objects that increase or decrease. Students retell the story as the teacher writes their words under the pictures. When the story is complete, the teacher highlights the math vocabulary used in the story and helps students to write an equation to represent what happened. Students then work in small groups to create their own math stories using the process the teacher modeled. Each group draws a series of pictures that depict adding more or taking away objects; they then write a correlating story to go with the pictures they've drawn. Finally, students share their stories aloud and write equations to symbolize the adding and subtracting written into the stories.
FEATURED RESOURCES
Math Read-aloud Books: Use the books from this list to familiarize students with the genre and build their math vocabulary.
FROM THEORY TO PRACTICE
NCTE and IRA call for children to use reading, writing, speaking, and listening for a variety of purposes. These skills are not limited to the Language Arts block, but are essential tools for all areas of the curriculum. Similarly, communication as a mathematics tool is considered an essential standard by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics.
Phyllis and David Whitin write: "Writing and talking are ways that learners can make their mathematical thinking visible. Both writing and talking are tools for collaboration, discovery, and reflection." (2). Effective mathematics problem solving often depends on understanding of key mathematical terms. This is especially true in solving story problems, which can be difficult even for students who are very proficient with mathematical procedures. Linking art, stories, and math concepts can help students construct meaning and improve mathematics problem solving.
Further Reading
Whitin, Phyllis, and David Whitin. 2000. Math Is Language Too: Talking and Writing in the Mathematics Classroom. Urbana, IL: NCTE.
National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. 2000. Principles and Standards for School Mathematics. Reston, VA: National Council of Teachers of Mathematics.The Best Acne Treatment Systems: 50K Reviews
e.l.f. 3pc Shimmer Gloss Set
BY E.L.F. COSMETICS
4.07 / 5 based on 249 Reviews
Product Description
e.l.f. 3 pc Shimmer Gloss Set see more...
Top Questions No one has asked a question yet! Be the first!
e.l.f. 3pc Shimmer Gloss Set
Reviews (249)
Q&A (0)
Media (2)
REVIEWS
I don't usually wear lip gloss but I decided to give it a try over my lipstick. I grabbed some e.l.f lip glosses from Walgreens and applied the light pink immediately upon getting in my car. Although it does leave a pretty color on your lips it tastes horrible. It's sticky on your lips and leaves a gross substance that you can't wipe away. The color does stay on all day though and just tends to slowly fade off. I will continue using the lip glosses but I wouldn't buy them again.
This product is very good, it stays on well it goes on very well and it is very smooth. Not to mention the price of it is just ridiculously low which I love. The only reason it is getting four stars instead of five is because it will stain your skin a bit. Be very careful to keep it only on your lips if you get off line a little bit it will show up and stay there.
I have several colors in this. They are so pretty and goes on smooth. e.l.f goes above and beyond in makeup!!! I keep at least two in my purse. I use them after. I will be buying more for fall colors. They do not need to improve...love them!!
Let me begin by saying that, on a general basis, I don't use or like lip glosses. This trio, though very pretty, didn't manage to change that. They add a pretty gloss to the right colors, definitely but I don't really love how thick it is. My niece took them from me and she loves them.
Hello my makeup lovers ! I will be making a review on the E.L.F 3pc Shimmer gloss set! This product is pretty affordable. Yes it does last for a while. I got this product at Walmart and it was very affordable. Yes! I would buy it again and again. I would probably have a whole collection.
Along with the cover up/highlighter stick, the lip gloss set is my favorite! I do not normally wear lip makeup but when I do i choose e.l.f. I like how natural it looks and feels and it is very shimmery! Definitely would recommend to my friends and other girls!
I love this lip gloss and wear it almost every day. I love the color and for the price it lasts a long time. I love all the different shades that I never have to worry about them not having the shade I want. Definitely will continue buying this.
If you'd like to continue to apply this gloss over and over and then again a couple minutes later, this is for you. But if you'd like to make your initial application and then maybe a few hours later re-apply, this gloss is NOT for you.
The colors in these are absolutely beautiful, but they just aren’t long lasting. If I wear it I always end up having to reapply through the day. This isn’t that big of a problem because it is easy to apply, well as long as you have a mirror.
I love this lipstick so much because it comes in three and all the colors are so amazingly beautiful on my skin color and It is so cheap and good!!! it doesn't need any improvement at all!!! it is so glossy and pretty recommend it to everyone to buy!
Q & A
Looking for
your answer?
Be the First to Ask a Question
PHOTOS & VIDEOS
See All Photos & VideosWARREN, Ohio (WKBN) – The Trumbull County Engineer’s Office is getting a portable traffic light system to use in construction zones.
The light is computer-operated, and a foreman on the construction job can program it according to traffic patterns.
The total cost of the set, which includes two lights on trailers, is over $44,000. The Engineer’s Office says the cost to the county will be much less, thanks to an Ohio Bureau of Workers Compensation Safety Grant totaling more than $33,000.
“The cost of the county is only going to be $11,000 to the engineer’s budget, but you can’t put a price on safety,” said Jack Simon. “By not having to use flaggers…in a matter of time, it will pay for itself.”
Simon says the set has been shipped. Once it arrives and employees are trained on how to use it, he says it will be put into use immediately.More by Little Adventures
Similar categories
DescriptionBe a hero today in this adorable reversible face mask! The soft, comfortable mask, with elastic band, is reversible and allows for many superhero combinations. So, let your imagination run wild!
Hero Mask Black/RedBy Little Adventures
Recommended Age: 3 and up
Availability: Out of Stock
Price: $4.50
Have a question? Contact us or call (800) 551-PLAY x7
Product Details
- Product Sku: LA61320
- Manufacturer Sku: 61320
- soft and comfortable for everyday wear
- reversible for many hero combination
- One size fits most ages 3-8
Orders placed by 11am EST ship the same business day.
Do you like Hero Mask Black/Red? You might like these too:
Shopping is always Safe and SecureGet information, facts, and pictures about Oklahoma at vdevendetta.info Make research projects and school reports about Oklahoma easy with credible. Das kulturelle, historische und geografische Drehkreuz in den Great Plains: Informationen zu Lage, Größe, Anreise, Klima, Tipps für Reisen durch Oklahoma. Oklahoma state bird, state population, state symbols and other information for the state of Oklahoma.
Die Partien zwischen den Mannschaften gelten aufgrund der Rivalität der Schulen als Derbys. As of 1 MarchOklahoma had a two-tiered state-mandated minimum wage rate. Wheat is grown and cattle raised in the more temperate, low-rolling prairies to the west. El diablo restaurant lanzarote menu Protestant groups predominate in Oklahoma with adherents representing about Das Gebiet fiel im Rahmen des Louisiana Purchase an die USA. Also inthe Ku Klux Klan claimed close toOklahomans. Retrieved April 9, Falling state revenues and a balanced budget requirement in the state constitution compelled Governor George Nigh in to cut appropriations and to preside over a series of tax increases that lost for Oklahoma its claim to one of the lowest tax burdens in the nation. Major museums in Norman are the University of Oklahoma's Museum of Art and the Stovall Museum of Science and Industry. President Benjamin Harrison issued a proclamation that declared the lands available for settlement on 22 April Festival closes after big year". Parker, known as the "Hanging Judge. Hintergrund dieses Beinamens waren die Pioniere, die das von den Indianern durch die US-Regierung gekaufte Land vor sooner der legalen Anfangssiedlungszeit besiedelt hatten. Females made up The population is projected to reach 3. Tourism Information Centers For visitors driving to Oklahoma, there are nine convenient Tourism Information Centers located throughout the state. In , there were 23, active-duty military personnel and 21, civilian personnel stationed in Oklahoma, the majority of whom were at Ft. A Revolution in Job Matching Technology For Job Seekers and Employers Matching the Right People With the Right Jobs. Die Bevölkerungsdichte liegt bei 21 Einwohnern pro Quadratkilometer. Tulsa is home to the largest airline maintenance base in the world, which serves as the global maintenance and engineering headquarters for American Airlines.
300: Oklahoma information
Not in our waters: Kaine hears from local leaders on offshore drilling
Leaders from local government, the military, tourism and environmental groups all expressed their opposition to offshore drilling.
Advertisement
Leaders from local government, the military, tourism and environmental groups all expressed their opposition to offshore drilling.
Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine is getting some bipartisan support on the issue.
From driving in the snow to cleaning your car afterwards, heed these tips to avoid damage in the future.
Crews are still working to get the fire under control, but an earlier search did reveal one confirmed fatality.
Four women have made sexual harassment complaints about lead pastor at Kitty Hawk Methodist.
10 On Your Side has learned the victim was Caroline Hendrix, a teacher at Oceanair Elementary.
Family members say the victim was 19-year-old Trajon Rivera.
According to police, detectives spoke with the man and made an agreement for him to pay restitution to the firefighters.
Dominion announced Tuesday that it will send 82 workers and dozens of pieces of equipment to aid recovery efforts.
Police and medics responded to the 500 block of Logan Place around 1:30 a.m.
A drive-by shooting is now being investigated as a homicide after the victim died from his injuries.
WAVY’s Chris Horne reports 15-year-old Will Patterson will be charged with attempted murder of a police officer.
Senator Tim Kaine says he’s fighting to preserve health care tax benefits and lower prescription drug prices.
The lawsuit claims that Virginia Beach Schools discriminated against three candidates when it filled IT positions.
The FDA says its responsible for dozens of deaths, but its users say it’s helped them with pain and stress.
AdvertisementWe are living in the Fred Lewis era!
No need to test him... except for awesomeness!
Now the Giants are back to 1 back of the Wild Card. Matt Cain is pitching tomorrow. And now Fred is going to give him some run support.
Are the Giants REALLY a playoff team?
Tomorrow it's late June. Maybe they are!
As a Giants fan I still see them finishing around .500 but the GM promsed they would go after help if they were still in contention around the break.Based off my default picture. The picture to the left OR right?
Updates:
0|0
27
Have an opinion?
Full face pic would be much better. You have lovely hair and a good figure. Both pics equal, but not the best ones of you.
Same to me
Can't see your face hun
The right one
Right picture looks better. The angle of the first picture looks off.
You cannot undo this action. The opinion owner is going to be notified and earn 7 XPER points.
Thanks for most helpful!How.
In many of them, the lighting was meticulously studied to inspire us about God’s grandiosity and this is something the photographer must take advantage of.
It is very important that you know in advance if you need a permission to photograph inside the church, if they have restrictions and special hours, and if you can use a tripod.
We need to be aware that a built in flash will not be able to illuminate more than a few feet from were we are standing and that the only way we have to get a balance image is to have a long exposure time.
A tripod allows us to frame our image with care, use a great depth of field to keep the picture in focus and get the warm colors of natural light.
It is important to keep the ISO as low as possible and the shutter speed under 20 seconds to avoid digital noise.
We must always try to photograph during a cloudy day, not only to be able to obtain the beautifulÂ daylight coming through the windows, but also to avoid the high contrast situation caused by direct sunlight.SuperTrash white blouse, $100 / Joseph sleeveless top, $155 / River Island cap sleeve shirt, $44 / Michael Kors crepe pants, $240 / Oroton flat shoes, $125 / Rachel Zoe platform shoes / Rupert Sanderson high heels / J.Crew clutch handbag / Emilio Pucci clutch handbag / Chloé leather handbag, $1,795 / Beaded bib necklace / Peacock feather necklace / Kenneth Jay Lane gold necklace, $170
I don't know about you, but the idea of a white blouse and pair of khaki slacks never gets old when getting dressed for work. Lately, I have found myself reaching for my khaki pants twice a week because of the comfort and work appropriate style. Sometimes the execution of a white blouse and khaki combo can become a little safe and boring, so I have come up with a few ways to spice it up. Two things you must know about me, I love color and statement necklaces. A splash of color and statement jewelry can transform any outfit. A white blouse and khaki pants are traditional neutral colors, so it will take some adding of color and accessories to make the look interesting. To make the look more fun, try different styles of blouses, like sleeveless, peplum, or a more voluminous top. Try color blocking your shoes with your necklace, or reach for a pair of deeper brown sandals that offset the neutral khaki color. Last, opt for a purse that is structured and edgy. Once you get these looks down, this combo will be your go-to outfit on a weekly basis.Professional Internet Marketing Company Link Information Title Professional Internet Marketing Company premium! Url Social Description Professional internet marketing and search engine optimization (SEO) company that utilizes ethical and effective methods to deliver top search engine rankings that last, as well as professional pay per click campaign management. Sub Urls Search Engine Optimization | Pay-Per-Click Advertising | Complete Internet Marketing | SEO Supportive Services Category Business » Web Developers Keywords Date May-04-2006 Facebook: Twitter: Contact Patrick CampagnaLive Comedy in London |
Manchester |
Scotland
Upcoming Dates
Date: Tue 30 Jan 2018
Venue: Nottingham The Admiral Rodney
Price: £5
Info: Funhouse Comedy Club. Plus: Thomas Green, Joanne Frank, Mike Dryburgh, Fran Jenking
Show starts: 20:00 (Doors open approx 30 mins earlier)
Morgan Rees, Tim Renkow, Sarah BennettoPremium
Premium listings cost £5, and are given greater prominence in the display, a photograph of one of the performers, and a ticket link. Click here to add a Premium listing today.
Date: Sat 3 Feb 2018
Venue: Theatre Delicatessen
Price: From £3 to £5
Info: Deli Comedy Club. Plus: Chloe Petts, Bisha Ali
Show starts: 20:00 (Doors open approx 30 mins earlier)
Colin Owens, Milo McCabe, Morgan Rees, Nathan Caton
Date: Tue 20 Mar 2018
Venue: Southampton Mango Thai
Price: £9
Show starts: 20:30 (Doors open approx 30 mins earlier)
Agent
We do not currently hold contact details for Morgan Rees's agent. If you are a comic or agent wanting your details to appear on Chortle, click here.Andrea Morrison knew early in life — during high school, by her reckoning — she wanted to spend the rest of her life among the waves.
And that's good news for the Port of Corpus Christi.
The Port Authority, acting as the Aransas-Corpus Christi Pilot Board, on Tuesday unanimously approved her appointment as a Deputy Branch Pilot of the Port of Corpus Christi Waterways. She becomes the first woman in this region to serve in that role.
"I like being on the water, I like driving ships," Morrison said. pilots association's observation and training program.
Raised in Riverside, California, Morrison said she was drawn to the maritime industry immediately after high school. She was later appointed to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy at Kings Point, New York. Classes there were stacked with men, she recalled — according to the academy's most updated enrollment information, 17 percent of its 904 students are women.
But that didn't intimidate Morrison. She sailed as an Engine and Deck Cadet on several types of vessels, including harbor tugs, tankers, container ships and roro vessels. She graduated in 2010, then moved to Seattle, where she sailed as 3rd Mate with Crowley Petroleum Services, one of the nation's largest independent operators of petroleum barges and tankers.
She climbed through the ranks with the company, earning her Master Unlimited License in July of 2016, and completing her Master’s training in January.
Once a candidate becomes a Deputy Branch Pilot, they must focus their attention on learning the challenges of the port's waterway, including new terminals and channel extensions, Rivera said. After Morrison has finished testing and completed a 120-day riding observer period, the pilot board can formally submit her name to the State of Texas Governor for approval as a Deputy Branch Pilot of the Port Corpus Christi Waterways.
"My first day aboard a ship ... I loved it and I decided I want to make a career out at sea," Morrison said. "I love being able to do this for a living."
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsWow pretty intense plan.
Its a $5m epic fail in the making
Why not wait for the chrome OS to come in? Even i am not happy with Windows anymore. Still using my WinXP OS. MS however have made a mess of their own OS to give a different appeal. It is also very poor in hardware implementation like it applies a lot of restrictions & compatibility base on hw. It is also very expensive to own being one of the core thing in a PC. They should realize that not all Indians here are rich or have the purchasing power to buy them unlike US or other developed nations. I hope someone takes a not of this and comes out with the best alternatives and at very affordable price. Hope google does it some day with ability to run all the Win apps on them
Just because the Russian government wants to develop an OS, doesn't mean people will actually use it...
Russia never runs out of crysis in one way or another, who needs it on the PC?
This whole idea in itself is screaming trouble, and with a 5-minute cool down perdiod
If the russian government would just round up all the spammers/scripters that routinely email ways to "grow your member" and make them work on it, they could have this done within a year. And the idea that 5 million is gonna get this job done securely is supremely laughable.
Right, but what about the decompiler?
hmmm... While its true that when it comes to security, Windows probably gets the most hits, Its going to be pretty hard to top what windows has... Good luck and god speed i suppose.
They probably feel that the US will be using windows to spy on them and pry top secret documents from their government computers. Sounds realistic actually, haha.
I think creating it would be easy. Any ***** with some Linux knowledge can create a very secure platform. Teaching everyone to use it will be the problem. Most of that money should be pushed into teaching, not creating.
Wow, windows is so dominant!! Its monopoly is such that even the Russians have had to rely on it. Even though the cold war is over, you just know that there's still bad blood between these two 'comrades'.
In soviet Russia. Crysis runs you~!
The comments thread seems to get really full of spam:
"In soviet Russia. Crysis runs you~! "
"Its a $5m epic fail in the making "
"Just because the Russian government wants to develop an OS, doesn't mean people will actually use it... "
And these were just the obvious ones. Even though I am part of it, this contest really devalues the comments thread.
Anyway, back on topic. I think of this as a good iniative; using OSS is a good stimulation for OSS. They may even make good upstream changes.
€3.55 million ? lol. There are lots of distros to choose from. €3.55 million for improving and adapting one is a lot.
If they get the right developers on this project then this could be good. Problem is getting the operating system up and running without bugs and completely secure could take a long time. Windows 8 will probably be out before this!
Lol... you guys just don't know russian government. I am russian, and trust me, this $5m won't be spent on developing something like OS. The money will be stolen by russian government! That is the idea. The government doesn't need the OS. But the government does need the money.
Haha Russia's still in the "Die Capitalist!" phase?
Wait...they have'nt found a way to copy our stealth planes yet so they want to piss us off by ditching M$. Im going to search my house for anything made in Russia and toss it out! Humm....not the Tv, nor the stereo, no not my computer, phone, headsets...not even my Jose Cuervo.
Am really looking forward to what it would look like, open source or not. Or even if it would be sold out commercially.
It's definitely going to be a fresh look from another end of the world with entirely new concepts.
The Russians are going to give way to Skynet, and eventually terminators, and smart machines will self replicate, and take over the human race.........
In theory this sounds like a great idea, but I get the feeling that it just won't be as easy or as effective as they'll like it to be. On one hand, if they're developing it specifically for JUST the government branches to use, then I'd assume they'll have to focus on certain features and functionalities because unlike most OS's, they don't have to cater to the masses. On the other hand, there will be development time, bugs, glitches, security, compatibility, politics, money, etc. The list GOES ON. Oh and the budget looks ridiculous.
I'll tell you what, my company uses a website that is specifically catered to less than 20 people to use. Developed by a team of 3-5 people. We've been using it for years and it STILL can use TONS of work and I'll tell you right now we're not all happy with it.
But this is Russia and they DO have talent for working on software just as well as anyone else in the world. Still think it's a bad idea though. And all of this reminds me of the time that DELL's founder got up at The World Economic Forum and asked then President Putin "How can we help" you with your country's IT infrastructure?" and Putin replied "We don't need your help. We are not invalids. We don't have limited mental capacity." Muwahahah! Eat it Michael Dell!
if they failed to do that then "google os" I'm thinking about M$ do they use windows OS on their servers.....
Beware the KGB.
All those quoting the cost of $5million usd - and claiming that Russia cannot possibly build an OS for this price; agreed that here in the UK that would just about cover a government website but we must remember that in the US and UK $5million usd does not go far/buy alot. However in Russia that is a lot of money.
From
United Kingdom Computer Programmer median salary PPP $ 2,996 $ 3,476 Employees, programmers in all industries, 2005. 2,688 pounds 29% 37.0
United States Computer Programmer average salary PPP $ 4,141 $ 4,141 Full-time and part-time employees, 2005. 5,378 dollars 23% 39.4
Russia Airline Pilot average salary PPP $ 2,161 $ 864 Employees, men only, 2004. 27,769 roubles 13% 36.2
* Note i could not find a salary for Russian computer programmer - so i took the highest avg earner of pilot.
Bottom line - if Russia has the drive - it most certainly has the talent and the incredibly resources in manpower available to achieve its goal
I.Today it was supposed to rain and snow and be downright miserable. Today, besides being a bit chilly, was a gorgeous day. It was a simple, fun, country wedding. Laura Imparato was a knock-out and her husband, Casey deWaal, never stopped smiling the whole day. Their daughter Ayya was sweet as can be as well. I want to thank the Imparato and deWaal families, Kuperus Florist, JD Hull for the fast and fun ceremony, Caseys brother for the '41 Ford, Hotel Fauchere for the hospitality, and the best wedding cake ever was by Andre deWaal of Andres Restaurant.
2 comments:
gorgeous photos! yet again!!!
~E
Your work is just so inspirational!! Way to keep it fresh!!Linda Allen was once a sufferer from an intestinal yeast infection and also suffered from recurrent vaginal yeast infections. Linda's suffering lead her to research thoroughly every piece of information she could find about the Candida Albicans yeast.
After Linda cured herself after multiple visits to her doctor, and trying every anti fungal drug possible Linda created her ebook, Natural Cure For Yeast Infection. Linda's ebook is filled with years of research, and covers everything you need to know about curing your yeast infection safely and naturally. When your yeast infection treatment is natural you don't suffer all the problems that Linda did such as creating a drug resistant fungus that just gets worse with every application of the treatment.
You can visit Linda's site and start gaining the knowledge to completely eliminate the infection causing fungus at Natural Cure For Yeast Infections.
After suffering from her recurrent yeast infections and intestinal candidiasis Linda gathered as much information as she could along with the help of her husband. Together they collected hundreds of medical documents from books and the internet.
This gathered information will not only give you the knowledge you need to successfully cure your yeast infections, but it will also save you months of searching for the correct information yourself.
Once Linda Allen had the correct information she was able to cure herself in a short amount of time. She soon realized that the medicinal drugs she was getting from her doctor were making her resistant Candida infections worse.
You'll learn what simple grocery items can cure your yeast infection naturally without the side effects that can come with over the counter topical creams and suppositories. You will also feel complete relief from your symptoms within 12 hours.
The Candida yeast loves certain foods and hates other foods. You will learn from Linda what foods to eat that starve the Candida, and what foods help the repopulation of friendly bacteria in your intestines.
Thousands of women who suffer from recurrent yeast infections are still eating foods that feed the Candida Albicans yeast. No one will ever cure themselves while they're feeding the Candida.
No natural Candida cleansing program is without natural anti fungals, and Linda knows everything about these. You'll learn how and when to take them, and about the importance of rotating them in your anti Candida protocol.
Linda will give you all the information you need about the dangerous drugs that are sold on the internet. Thousands of women fall victim to these drug companies every week hoping that they will buy the miracle cure that will end their recurrent yeast infections.
You get...
Just the one on one support alone is worth the price of Linda Allen's Natural Cure For Yeast Infections.
You're not just buying a product and then left to get on with it yourself. Linda is practically holding your hand while you cure your yeast infection, and get your health back to how it once was. This is all backed up with Linda's 100% money back guarantee.
Your health is important to you, and you have nothing to lose in taking a look at Linda's ebook. She has already helped tens of thousands of men and women from all over the world cure their yeast infections/candidiasis naturally.
Why not join them?
You will get more information on Linda Allen's Yeast cure here.IND.
Once the NCAA picked the 65-team field for its tournament, the
NIT had the pick of the leftovers, which included the four No. 1s
and others such as Syracuse, Drexel, Kansas State and Washington.
For the second straight year, all Division I conference
regular-season champions who lost in their conference tournaments
and weren't picked for the NCAA Tournament were guaranteed NIT
bids, but the tourney field was reduced from 40 teams to 32.
"No one mistakes this tournament for the NCAA championship,"
NIT selection committee chairman C.M. Newton said. "We have one
championship, and that is the NCAA championship. But the NIT
historically has been a very strong advocate for postseason
basketball. ... Our job is to select the very best teams we can." four straight losses to end the season, was
given the No. 1 seed in the West and will take on Austin Peay on
Wednesday night.
Mississippi State (18-12), the top seed in the North, will play
Mississippi Valley State on Tuesday.
"We came in with a lot of information and then once we started
the seeding, it was all done by vote," Newton said on ESPN2, which
televised the NIT pairings. "It's very important in terms of our
seeding, because the seeding determines who hosts those first games
until you get to New York.".
The Dragons had 13 regular-season wins on the road and had a
solid RPI (39th) but were left out of the NCAA tourney for the
first time since 1996.
"They told us last year, go play some good teams on the road.
We do, and we win some of those games, but it still wasn't
enough," coach Bruiser Flint said. "We're out of it. There is no
consolation."
Drexel instead was seeded third in the East, behind West
Virginia and Oklahoma State, and will host North Carolina State on
Tuesday night.
"Ultimately, we each kind of put on a coaching hat and said who
would you not want to play? That's who you kind of vote for,"
Newton said of the seeding process. "In this case, you were
comparing Drexel against Air Force. Would you rather play Air Force
or Drexel? Would you rather play Clemson or Drexel? Would you
rather play Florida State or Drexel?
"In each case, the vote came out the way that it did," he
said.
The other No. 2 seeds were Florida State in the North and Kansas
State in the West. Also seeded third were Michigan in the North,
DePaul in the West and Missouri State in the South.Fruity King Casino | Mobile Deposit Casino | Free Pocket £5!
Fruity King Casino – Fruits In Your Phone, Cash In Your Pocket – Free Fruity £5
But first check out today’s top Casino and Slots Offers from Around the World…
You get an amazing £5 no deposit bonus as soon as you sign up. This means you can use your free cash to play Fruity King Casino games and most probably win a lot more money in return.
Mobile Deposit Casino Review by for mobilecasinofun.com by Randy Hall!
You can play games right from your phone – Android, Smartphone, iOS and other compatible devices – making this mobile deposit casino quick and convenient for the game players all over the world.
Endless Games, Lucrative Bonuses, Safe Payments Only on Fruity King – Join Now
Receive 100% Welcome Bonus Up To £200 + Collect 20 Free Spins on Weekends
When you deposit your own real cash to play, Fruity King gives you a £150 match bonus. These bonuses are consistent. For another deposit, you get £50 at 100% match bonus and £25 again.
If you have friends who are interested in such gaming, don’t forget to refer them instead of just telling them about the site. Your buddy referral will earn you £20.
Do exclusive promotions and regular prize giveaways thrill you? Get the VIP membership. It’s by Fruity King Casino invitation-only basis, offered to those who have deposited the most at their online portal.
Don’t worry if you’re experiencing a losing streak. You get cash back features at this thoughtful mobile deposit casino.
Banking is safe and secure. With options like Ukash, PayPal, Visa (credit and debit) and MasterCard, you can safely make transfers and withdrawals.
Fruity King Casino – Mobile Deposit Casino Games
Roulette – You have two variants to choose from, namely normal (in HD) and American. Spin the wheel and may luck be ever in your favour. If it is, you may land the jackpot, not to forget the cash multipliers.
Blackjack – One of the most played casino games online now comes to you with a multi-hand option of up to 3 hands. It’s fast and easy. Download, select the number of hands, place your bets and play a wonderful mobile deposit casino game of 21.
Bingo – It’s thrilling, has amazing graphics and steady gameplay, and makes you through classic Bingo rules with an aim to make you come out the winner. Luck is all you need with this one as you play with other players whom you can chat with during the game.
Pots O’ Plenty – We begin our roll of slot games at Fruity King Casino. This 5-reel 50-payline Leprechaun-themed Irish inspired game could win you £3,000 in withdrawable cash. Scatters and wilds can earn you free spins and multiplier bonuses, getting you closer to the big win.
Money Beach – With 5 reels and 25 paylines, the graphics, music and crisp gameplay of this slot marvel are superb especially the beach-friendly themed icons, free spin opportunities and cash multipliers in this mobile deposit casino game.
Egyptian Dreams – With its obvious Egyptian theme, this 5-reel 40-payline slot can multiply your bet up to 750 times (5 leopard symbols on the reels). The wild card has a tendency to ‘stay until it pays’, and your spins can be re-triggered with 3 or more lighthouse symbols. That’s not all. Cleopatra is Queen Bee, and her appearance can earn you big bucks at Fruity King mobile deposit casino.
Mobile Slots and Casino Pay by Phone Bill HighlightsRing in 2014 with an early countdown at Robson Square. Grab your mittens, jacket and skates and bring the whole family down to the Robson Square Ice Rink this New Year’s Eve for a celebration full of family fun.
The Robson Square Ice Rink is proud to host its fifth annual free family-friendly New Year’s Eve celebration in downtown Vancouver. This year’s festivities will include live music, sugar cookie decorating, DJs and an early countdown with noise makers and glow sticks and of course skating. The rink will be open on New Year’s Eve from 9:00 am to 11:00 pm.
Celebration kicks off at 4:00 pm with the countdown at 7:30 pm.
Tuesday, December 31st, 2013, 4:00 pm – 10:30 pm
Event Details:
4:00 pm – 8:00 pm Cookie Decorating
5:00 pm – 8:00 pm Rumba Calzada
7:30 pm – 8:30 pm Countdown to New Years
8:30 pm – 10:30 pm The Freshest DJ’s
The Robson Square Ice Rink is open until the end of February 2014.
For more information about holiday hours and events at the Robson Square Ice Rink,
visit
visitWP 04/086 - Co-ordination Failure and Employment in South Africa
Author:
David Fryer and Desire Vencatachellum
Date of Publication:
June 2004
Abstract:
South Africa lost more than 890,000 jobs, but saw an increase in the number of skilled workers from 1989 to 1999. We argue that this is the consequence of well-documented acute apartheid-era distortions which led to a current coordination failure where (i) firms are locked into a mostly skillintensive technology where they have very little demand for semi-skilled and unskilled labour, and (ii) there are too few semi-skilled and skilled blacks. It follows that the average level of blacks human capital is too low for firms to adopt a technology which makes intensive use of less skilled workers in the production process. A firm cannot unilaterally change technology because current skilled (mostly white) workers would lose and move to other firms. All of this points to a missing market for semi-skilled workers. Wealth redistribution and public investments in both the quantity and quality of education are shown to be Pareto-improving. JEL Classification: O14, J48 Keywords: South Africa, Employment, Human Capital, Coordination Failure, Apartheid
Download Working Paper: DPRU WP 04/086“I have a special interest in what they’re thinking and who they are and who’s hiding behind those eyes….what’s the story, really?”
— Alice Walker
“Animation offers a medium of story telling and visual entertainment which can bring pleasure and information to people of all ages everywhere in the world.”
— Walt Disney
Last week I mentioned the film Transcendence which I saw ironically while I was doing a digital detox. It got me thinking and questioning things again; about work/life balance, about today’s startup up culture and trends in entrepreneurship, and about my digital footprint and legacy. These are ongoing questions many of us ask; some of which I have attempted to answer in my entrepreneurial business book, The NICE Reboot. These are ongoing questions which lead to more questions; some of which I listed at the end of last week’s post and will try to answer one at a time over the next few
Do you ever really know another person? Implications for social media avatars and digital marketing trends i.e. storytelling:
- The Rise of Neuropsychology and Its Impact on Entrepreneurship:
The buzzword Theory of Mind has long been used in the world of Autism intervention/special education. It’s starting to be used more now in the business world re: entrepreneurial success. Understanding what drives us and our mindset is increasingly important in today’s Digital Age. The iEra we find ourselves in. Where a person’s digital avatar walks a tightrope between sharing useful, thought provoking content and various promo-selfies to advertise their political aspirations, personal outlook, and entrepreneurial service/product. People are realizing that getting ahead in business is about getting to know know oneself and then others. So that behavioral patterns re: buyer personae and emotional intelligence can be discerned, analyzed, and adjusted. So that we can increase our self awareness.
Do we ever truly know another person? What are the implications for learning about them and providing what they need? That’s an entire blogpost in itself! Marty Zwilling touches on that in one of his recent enlightening posts about right-brain vs. left-brain entrepreneurship, which you can read here. Adam Grant touches on this in his great book Give and Take, and in this insightful post about productive generosity, and the meaning of true giving. The quest to know oneself and to share that self with others has spurred ongoing debates by philosophers, neuropsychologists, neuroscientists, theologians, and theorists for years. The debate is heating up again in light of the Tech Renaissance we are experiencing, the spotlight on The Singularity Theory first posited by Ray Kurzweil, and the policies employed in corporate settings such as Google, in their attempts to re-humanize the workplace.
- The Rise of the Machines and Machine Learning:
Films such as Transcendence and the Terminator franchise show us humanity’s fear and the downside to advances in artificial intelligence and technology. But what about the “soft” side to tech? What of the advantages to innovation and the advantages of the social media movement overtaking the world? Technology, especially social technology has its own lists of pros and cons but one thing is clear…..
Digital avatars can be a welcome and powerful medium to project, connect, and change people’s thinking and behavior; for better or for worse. They are changing the way we view and trust company culture and transparency, how we implement business models, how we manage our personal and professional reputations (where the lines have blurred as a result), and how we woo clients and maintain relationships with them. From rethinking virtual mentorship and thought leadership, to better understanding buyer personae and marketing campaigns, today’s startup entrepreneur has greater opportunity to step onto the “world stage” and impact others near and far; creatively, quickly, and relatively inexpensively.
That’s why support for the entrepreneurial ecosystem in real time and cyber-time is so crucial in today’s startup culture and markets. That’s why crafting and supporting your own digital avatar is so crucial to your entrepreneurial visibility, mission, and trajectory. That’s why being mindful of the language you use when posting to social media, the content you share, and the visual design tactics you use for your social technology counts. It helps with your workflow, your brand, and the ultimate task charged to the digital avatars of entrepreneurship: being a helpful mentor and somewhat of a know-it-all re: your service/product for your niche market.
What goes into the care and feeding of a digital avatar? Crafting your Story and sharing it in obvious and subtle ways ways on your social media platforms.
- The Rise of Storytelling and Visual Content Marketing:
Everyone loves a good story, which is why fiction, fan-fiction, TV, and movies are so popular. I wrote about the importance and popularity of storytelling in my book, The NICE Reboot, and in this white paper posted on my Slideshare page. Behind every successful entrepreneur is a great comeback story. Behind every great thought leader is a persuasive story. The art of storytelling CAN be honed, and should be; something well understood in the world of marketing, which entrepreneurs need to know about.
I know about storytelling, especially visual storytelling, from my work as an Autism Specialist/speech therapist with students who are predominantly visual learners. The concepts of a vision board and visual storytelling have long been known in education, and have since gone viral in entrepreneurship and social media, and can be seen on open-source websites such as Pinterest and Dream It Alive. You can find my visuals depicting my Story here and here.
Storytelling helps the entrepreneur humanize his/her brand and product/service. It helps shape one’s digital marketing efforts, one’s digital avatar, and “connect the dots” re: content curation, virtual mentorship, and thought leadership. That’s why I am active on different social channels, why I blog, and why I visually told some of my book’s story on my Vimeo channel and some of my own story on YouTube in this video.
I am looking forward to reading Visual Storytelling by Ekaterina Walter and Jessica Gioglio, and Show and Tell by Dan Roam.
The care and feeding of one’s Story, conveyed through the various messages and actions of one’s digital avatar are all about taking a stand. About what you will do as an entrepreneur, and what is important to you, or on your radar. About who is on it, and who you are connecting to in terms of ecosystem and Tribe. It is why I make it a point to and why I like to share blogposts from others which resonate with me. The omissions of certain types of social media posts, or the absence of a certain “tone” to your social media voice also speaks volumes about your digital avatar. About what you don’t do and/or will not do as an entrepreneur, and what is deliberately on the periphery. About the need your service/product fills, and the pain points your service/product addresses. To connect with prospective clients and emotionally resonate with them in order to keep them, you need to provide them with shared experiences, online and offline.
Crafting your Story and sharing it through the incarnations of your digital avatar is just the start.
To be continued…….
PeninaMy baby turned one on November 19. Always a bittersweet day for me, although it is not really the end of babyhood, but a significant milestone, a warning that this stage is passing quickly.
She had a nice day. Grandma came to visit and we had a simple butter cake with whipped cream icing in the shape of a heart. November (9)
3 comments:
Happy Birthday A!
Glad she had a good day:-) Hard to believe a whole year has past.
Your birthday girl is adorable! I know what you mean about bittersweet.I haven’t been posting because I’ve been dealing with some work stuff that is just like, a total nightmare, I don’t really want to get into it but it’s making me very depressed. Suffice it to say that I just want to scrap this whole daycare thing and focus on going to the gym and painting unicorn pictures more than I ever before in my entire child care career. Also bumming me out:
Some stuff that doesn’t suck:
I have these little floor mats in my foyer that I cut into cloud shapes, but they were getting really old and in some places the cloud curves were curling up from a combination of use and being chewed by certain small dogs. I’d tried to flatten them back out by ironing them but that just made a hideous reek, so I was looking at buying all new mats. LAME. Then the other night I remembered I had a bunch of circles cut from another floor mat for a project I’d planned but never actually finished, and they were the same size as the curves on the cloud mats. I cut out the damaged sections and taped the new pieces in place and voilà!
The new pieces are a lighter grey and I didn’t want to try to line up the grooves so I put them perpendicular to the originals, but I think they look pretty good!
Georgie never sucks, even though this morning she puked up a bunch of chewed floor mat pieces all over my leggings.
Symphony and the giant gummi bear she got from the Christmas Elf’s second visit DEFINITELY don’t suck (This picture is from Saturday).
I was wondering if you were okay. I know it sounds like platitudes that anyone would say, but I genuinely hope that the daycare stuff resolves with a minimum of fuss and you are feeling better soon. Also, awesome rainboots!
Thanks :) Those are Symphony’s boots!
Hope you’re okay. :(Details
Inspired by the classic camelback sofa, Magento offers comfort and style in a low maintenance package. For a sleek, simple and stylish piece, look no further than the Magento sofa - or sofabed!
This is a demo store. Any orders placed through this store will not be honored or fulfilled.
Welcome to demo by MageWorx!Hi guys the latest episode of bleach is finally here. The episode tells about how ichigo is doing right now without his power and he is back in being a normal kid again but along the episode he help someone being robbed and at the end of the episode the guy who was robbed knew ichigo and they knew about that he was a substitute shinigami so that was the thrilling part, can’t wait to see the next episode.
You can watch it here Bleach Episode 343 – 3rd Year High School Student! Dressed up, and a New Chapter Begins!WD launches high-performance, 7200 RPM 2 TB hard drives for desktop and enterprise systems
WD Caviar® Black™ and WD RE4 four-platter hard drives set new benchmarks in high-feature, high performance storage
WD-launches-highperformance-7200-RPM-2-TB-hard-drives-for-desktop-and-enterprise-systems.zipDownload :
Western Digital today announced that it is now shipping desktop 7200 RPM 2 TB.
- JOIN THE DISCUSSION
- Add Yours China is CNY 455 (US$70),
All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of LAVA in CHN we are trying to deliver possible best Price of LAVA A79.Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation Forum 2015
The Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation Forum, the annual ICT event of the Commonwealth of Nations was held at the Safari Park Hotel and Casino, Nairobi, Kenya from the 14-16 September 2015. The event facilitates the exchange of ideas between senior country officials, the private sector and civil society within the Commonwealth, but also beyond. The 2015 event in Kenya drew high-level participation from member governments, regulators and industry from 31 countries from the Commonwealth and beyond.
The Nairobi event was officially opened by the Honourable Minister of Information, Communications and Technology of Kenya, Dr Fred Okeng’o Matiang’i who invited the audience to commit more of their efforts towards greater broadband access and use.
Speaking of the progress achieved by Kenya, Francis Wangusi, Director-General of the country’s Communications Authority stressed the importance of digital services as more people access smart devices.
Representing the International Telecommunications Union, Deputy Secretary-General Malcolm Johnson expressed the readiness of the Union to collaborate with the CTO to advance the development of ICTs.
Also present at the opening of the event was Paul Njaga, Chief Executive Officer of Chase Bank Kenya and Theresa Swineheart, Senior Adviser on global strategy to ICANN’s president. Mr Njaga spoke of the bank’s effort to using technology to address barriers to banking services across the country. Ms Swineheart delivered a keynote on the openness of the consultation process and the issues at stake of the Internet Assigned Names Authority (IANA) transition. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) have an important role in managing the resources in the new IANA regime through an independent subsidiary under contract with the five regional Internet registries and the Internet Engineering Task Force.
Issues discussed during the Forum included:
- International connectivity, and connectivity for rural communities
- Regulation
- Broadband
- M-commerce and mobile money
- The emerging consensus over the governance of the Internet
- Use of connectivity in health, education and agriculture
- Technology trends
- Youth and ICTs
Hosted By:
Photo Gallery
Please click on any photo for a to see it in full size.
More Information
Marcel Belingue, Senior Manager, Head of Membership & CommunicationsNew York City Commercial Rent Tax (“CRT”) certainly has a habit of sneaking up on people. In fact, many professionals and non-professionals simply do not know it exists – that is until an audit notice comes their way.
I continue to receive numerous inquiries with respect to the CRT, and I find that although knowledge of the tax exists, the basic parameters of the CRT sometimes remain a mystery. Certain folks who are not adept at the CRT, continue to play the “audit lottery,” waiting until their potential CRT liability rises to a level that if they were forced to pay all outstanding obligations, they would be at risk of being put out of business.
The New York City Department of Finance (the “Department”) has stepped up its audit efforts regarding potential outstanding CRT obligations. Evidence of this can be found by the addition, as of 2011, of questions concerning a taxpayer’s potential CRT liability to both the NYC General Corporation Tax return and the Unincorporated Business Tax return. The Department is aware that many taxpayers subject to the CRT are not paying the tax, and has committed significant resources to alleviating that problem.
What is the CRT?
The CRT is a 6% tax imposed on commercial tenants who occupy or use property located in Manhattan south of a hypothetical center line running down 96th Street. An annual rent of $250,000 or more is the triggering event which gives rise to a CRT obligation. However, if a tenant pays annual rent of $200,000 or more, CRT returns must be filed even though there is no tax liability. These amounts must be considered prior to any deductions that may be available to the taxpayer.
“Rent” for CRT purposes is defined very broadly. It is the amount paid or required to be paid for the use or occupancy of a space, and includes any payment made by a tenant that is usually paid by a landlord. Accordingly, payments made by a tenant for real estate tax and water charges must be added to the rent, while payments made for improving the leased premises are not required to be.
The amount of a tenant’s “base rent” is the key element in determining CRT liability. Base rent is determined by calculating the amount of rent paid by the tenant to the landlord, less certain permitted deductions or exclusions. Initially, in arriving at the base rent figure, a tenant’s rent is reduced by the amount of rent received by, or due from, a subtenant. This reduction applies even if the subtenant’s rent falls below the CRT threshold of $250,000. After applying any subtenant reduction, the amount of any remaining rent is further reduced by 35%. This reduction applies whether the tenant has any subtenants or not.
Taking a Closer Look: An Example of a CRT Calculation
Assume Gizmo Company occupies commercial space located in mid-town Manhattan for which it pays annual rent of $4,000,000. It also pays real estate taxes totaling $500,000 on behalf of the landlord. It sublets a small portion of the leased premises to Widget Company for $200,000 a year. In calculating its total rent amount, Gizmo must add the $500,000 of real estate taxes to the annual rent it pays the landlord, for a total of $4,500,000 of annual rent. Next, in determining its base rent, Gizmo is permitted to reduce its rent figure by the $200,000 it receives from its subtenant, Widget Company, and then further reduce its rent by 35% of the remaining $4,300,000. Consequently, Gizmo’s base rent is $2,795,000, and its CRT liability is $167,700 (6% of its base rent).
How to Avoid the Audit Lottery
The Department is actively seeking out taxpayers who should be paying the CRT, but are not. Those businesses who have potential outstanding CRT liabilities should seriously consider applying to the Department’s Voluntary Disclosure Program to limit the number of years back the Department will seek to collect the taxes, as well as to avoid the imposition of penalties. In addition, the Department is often willing to work out payment plans with respect to those taxpayers who do not have the ability to pay their outstanding CRT liabilities all at once. Finally, it should be noted that once the Department contacts a taxpayer regarding potential CRT liabilities, the opportunity to apply to the Voluntary Disclosure Program is generally lost. The application process is relatively painless, and can be done on an anonymous basis through a tax professional if a company prefers.
Don’t ignore the CRT; the Department certainly doesn’t.
If you have any questions regarding the CRT, please contact the author at (212)842-7019, or via e-mail if you prefer at tcorrie@friedmanllp.com, or your Friedman LLP tax professional.Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk predicts his company will sell a "few million cars" annually by 2025 — a massive leap over current production — and be profitable by 2020.
The 12-year-old Palo Alto, Calif.-based automaker previously said it hoped to sell 500,000 of its stylish vehicles a year by 2020. Musk, who spoke Tuesday at the Automotive News World Congress in Detroit, has overshot previous volume estimates. And some models have been delayed, including the Model X SUV, originally planned for 2013 but now on track for this summer, he said.
Morgan Stanley auto analyst Adam Jonas forecast in December that Tesla will sell 297,000 vehicles in 2020; its 2014 sales are estimated at 33,000.
To meet his big volume targets, Tesla will need to expand beyond its factory in Fremont, California Long-term, Musk said, he'd like another Tesla factory in the U.S., plus plants in Europe and Asia, so it doesn't need to ship cars long distances to meet local demand.
Asked if he would consider building a factory in Detroit, Musk didn't rule it out — but took a shot at the legislature.
"Not out of the question — maybe Michigan shouldn't stop us from selling cars. That would be a nice gesture," Musk said.
Last year, Gov. Rick Snyder signed legislation banning automakers from selling vehicles directly to customers in Michigan — a move pushed by local auto dealers to block Tesla from selling cars.
General Motors Co. this week unveiled a concept electric vehicle — the Chevrolet Bolt — that it says can go up to 200 miles on a single charge. It would sell for about $37,500 to compete with a planned lower-cost Tesla car. GM North America President Alan Batey dismissed ideas that the Bolt was aimed at Tesla, which sells the Model S for around $100,000, he said. "They're for the rich and famous, this is for the people," Batey said.
Musk told reporters after the World Congress event that he didn't view the Bolt as a "competitive threat" to Tesla because he thinks all cars will eventually be electric. He praised GM for moving ahead, but said there were no features in the Bolt or other new EVs that he wanted to emulate.
Tesla's stock fell $15.24 a share in after-hours trading, or 7.5 percent to $189.38, on Musk's comments that sales in China were "unexpectedly weak in the fourth quarter."
Musk said that despite the decline in Chinese sales, a perception of charging problems had been reversed and that the company has recently seen an uptick. He said gains in sales in North America and Europe made up for the decline in fourth quarter-sales in China.
The billionaire founder of PayPal and Space X has become the biggest rock star in the auto industry, making huge bets on batteries and vowing a massive increase in sales. He said he is focused on doubling production capacity and beginning work on the lower-cost Model 3, rather than seeking new deals with other carmakers. But he is open to preliminary talks with automakers about long-range projects.
Musk reiterated he will be CEO until at least 2020 when he expects production to hit 500,000 vehicles. He said he will be at Tesla "as long as I am alive" but he may not be CEO forever.
The company is now worth about $25 billion. Musk said by the time the lower cost Model 3 is in full production in 2020 it will be profitable. The Model 3, which will be 20 percent smaller than the $100,000 Model S, will cost $35,000 before the federal tax credit — meaning it would be about $2,500 cheaper than the Bolt.
Musk said he is "absolutely certain" that Tesla will cut battery costs by 30 percent by 2020, with further cost cuts to follow. Lower cost may make electric cars more attractive to more buyers. In the meantime, their sales across the automotive industry have remained low and face headwinds with sharply lower oil gas prices.
Tesla has poured the foundation on a new $5 billion battery factory in Nevada to make battery cells beginning in 2016 to reduce battery costs. It is a big bet, Musk said, "but I don't know any other way to do it." He said Nevada is "only providing a few hundred million" for the factory not the $1.5 billion that some have suggested.
dshepardson@detroitnews.com
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsHi there!
I wanted to share some gift card holders that I created for a class at the recent ScrapMuch? Fall Retreat.
I really had fun creating these and loved the way they turned out, I was really please with the response I got from the ladies taking the class, such lovely women with great ooohhing and aaaahing skills! ha!
I tried to create each card with a slightly different method of holding a gift card, and I created a mix of Christmas cards and other occasion cards. For each card I created a cut file using my Silhouette to help speed up the kitting process for the class.
Thank you for visiting!
Laura
xoxo
Oh my gosh, are these awesome! Nicely done!
These cards are seriously amazing ... love the creativity!Only the one player made his major league debut in a Twins uniform on June 19th.
Yohan Pino (P) – June 19, 2014 – Signed as a Free Agent with the Minnesota Twins on December 12, 2013. Debut was a nice 7 inning start in a Twins 4-2 win over the White Sox allowing only 2 runs on 5 hits and a walk while striking out 7.
To see other Major League Debuts as Minnesota TwinsThere are many possible places where you can buy advanced trees, but of course, what you want is the best. Whether the tree will be used for landscaping or decorations, you want to get your money’s worth. In Australia, you know that there are many nurseries and depots, both online and offline, that sell advanced trees. This might make you more confused on where to buy yours.
Moving on, to help you trim down your options as you spot on the best shop to buy advanced trees, you might as well consider the options below:
1. Known for providing quality trees
It is not all about the price for advanced trees. Of course, what you want is quality growth. The success of growing will all start on how the tree was planted and how it was taken cared starting from seed up. Buying from advanced trees Gold Coast that is known for providing quality products is a must. You can always ask people you know about buying from different shops. If they see satisfaction with their garden, then expect that you will get the same experience.
2. Gives you assurance of growth
Warranty or guarantee that the plant they sell will grow is necessary. As your responsibility, you need to make sure that the tree you purchased will be taken cared of properly. If you need assistance on planting and tips on growing, you can ask it directly from the institution where you made your purchase or better yet, get information from different tutorial sites on the Internet. Some plant nursery may provide a money-back guarantee, but there are limitations and conditions in case you need it.
3. Long years in business
Considering the number of years they have in the industry is ideal. See, there are many nurseries in Australia, so market competition is tight. If they could last long, it only means they are good at what they do.SUP Coil Leash 11′
Stay connected to your stand up paddleboard with the Surftech 11' Ankle Coil leash when you take an unintended dip in the water.
Reduces drag by keeping your leash up on the back of your board and out of the water.
Features a maxium strength 7mm, double swivel urethane coiled cord, triple wrap rail save and precision molded fittings. Coiled cord extends to maximum of 11'
Patented TechLock® rail saving design, Durable thermoformed Breathoprene® ankle comfort liner, Maximum strength urethane cord, Precision molded fittings/stailess steel swivels, Hypalon ankle standoff reeinforcement
People who bought this item also bought:
E-Z Plug Stick On Leash Plug$10.00$10.00
Captain Fin – Al Knost – Flower 10″$95.00
Live To Surf Wax Comb$2.00$2.00
Last night AJ and I went for our nightly mile walk. It's our time to spend with each other, talking about how the day went and whose tail I need to go whip at her work. We live a block behind Indian Bowl football stadium, where all the city teams and the local college play their games. There is a practice field close to our house and we normally lap it one time before we head back to the house to get the girls in bed.
Due to cloud cover it was darker than normal last night as we stepped onto the field. Our talking was interrupted by a barking dog. At first I thought it was fenced in but after some very serious focusing on my part I noticed the dog was on the practice field barking at us. We couldn't hear each other because of the barking dog. It hounded us as we rounded the goal line, it's barking more ferocious every second.
One of my rules for late night walks is that I always carry a sharp object of some sort in case there's trouble.
Last night I put two sharp objects in my pocket. A pocket knife and a can opener. I deftly handed AJ the can opener and said, If the dog comes after you poke its head like you're opening up a can with a twisting motion like THIS! I've got my pocket knife, and together we'll take care of that crazy dog!
Then AJ said,"That's a 3-legged dog! It belongs to that house right over there. I've seen it in their backyard before."
Well, needless to say I felt bad about planning a defensive attack on a 3-legged dog. For pete's sake the dog has suffered enough in this life and it was probably just barking it's displeasure of having only 3 legs.
So we ignored the dog as we walked up the south side of the practice field, barking 3-legged dog still hounding us.
Halfway up the field I'd had enough.
"That dog is talking smack to me and I'm tired of it!" I proclaim to AJ.
I turn around and start walking straight at the dog. No yelling, just defiant marching straight AT the dog.
What do you think the 3-legged dog did? The 3-legged dog turned tail and ran all the way home!
Uh-huh! Who's bad now?
It seems now I have an adversary WORTHY of my crime fighting skills!
Although I feel less like Batman and more like the FUGITIVE................
24 comments:
I feel so safe when I am with you and our trusty can opener.
okay this is some good stuff. CAN OPENER??????
why uncle joe, why. why would you carry such an object with you in your pocket. have you gone mad? have you lost the cheese off your macaroni?
next time, take a spatula. they are wicked nasty
One time we took a corn cob thing.
"Late night news reports a man was stabbed 87,000 times by a corn cob holder after trying to attack two local walkers."
"I just held him down and my husband poked him with the corn cob holders officer."
Macaroni is supposed to have cheese on it?
Small pointed objects hidden easily in the hand can come in handy in a brawl yawl!
This is crime fighting 101. Basic stuff.
Woulda been nice to have a can of dog food in your other pocket, AJ. You know, when you are nice to your enemies, it's like heaping hot coals on their heads..... or something like that.
I'm sure you are glad you had your caped crusader along with you!
yes, okay. now i want you to brainstorm something UJ: what is an item you could take on a Pl@ne that would not get picked up on the thingy scanner, and could still be something to use in self defense. cause when i travel, i wish i didn't have to leave my nail clippers at home.
Seeker is on to something here.
A superhero who is nice to his enemies. Hummm...
susie, how about fake fingernails superglued on and sharpened to a fine point?
Another thing I noticed the other day after I cooked a t-bone steak. the bone itself fits in you hand very nicely and the end could be sharpened. will metal detector pick that up? don't know.
UJ you been watching too many prison movies
Good story Uncle Joe! When are you going to be able to get some of your guitar playing sound recordings on your blog?
Anne, I completely forgot about that. I'll check into it..
Oh do you feel better now? Picking on defenseless three-legged dogs? What's next, the guy in the wheelchair down the street?
Uncle Joe,
Were you thinking you might be the victim of a random souping?
And if the spatula won't work the mixer beater will. See, even the name says beater in it.
saur, only if the wheelchair guy looks dangerous. maybe he has a hairbrush, or somehing. that could be scary. maybe he has a souped up wheelchair, with an actual 49cc motor on it, and can catch uncle joe, and beat him with a hairbrush
ha! don't think I haven't thought about the beater.
but I would have to get a really long extension cord..
How did you know there was a guy in a wheelchair Saur? have you been stalking me?
You ladies just don't understand crime fight tools that don't look like crime fighting tools do you?
I tell you it's in the crime fighting 101 handbook...
They serve T-bone steaks in prison??!
Doesn't that lady with the pistol and the stolen chicken live around there? Maybe that's her dog. The vicious circle of revenge forever present in the superhero's life. Mom always promised to rig me up a watergun filled with ammonia to squirt at pesky dogs. Now I carry it on the train.
I'm sure AJ's eyes were misty with pride. Her superhero was protecting her and didn't even need to resort to violence. Now, THAT's power.
That poor dog may never bark again.
if you leave this up long enough, you will reach a hundred comments.!
UJ!!! if you can hear me, where have you been lately? we miss you.
I think that you are a very brave dude to take on the mighty three legged "Dog of Death!"
Cheers, and keep up the crime fighting (canine or human).
PS: what kind of music do you play?
was it an electric opener? how did u plug it in?
Hey G! Welcome! I play in a Christian rock band, but I also love jazz..Elderly man stabs gardener for dropping cut grass on his truckBy Mason White 10:08 AM July 8, 2015
By: Wayne Morin
An elderly man was arrested, charged and convicted of assault after stabbing a gardener for dropping some cut grass on his truck, prosecutors in Ohio said.
71-year-old John Fenwick of Akron, was convicted of assault for stabbing the 19-year-old unidentified landscaper.
He faces up to eight years in prison.
According to the police investigation, the gardener was mowing a lawn on Oxford Avenue, where Fenwick rents an apartment.
Fenwick became upset when he saw cut grass on his truck and pushed the teen. In response, the teen pushed him back. After cutting a little more grass, the teen decided to leave because of the altercation.
As the gardener got into the driver’s seat of his truck, Fenwick approached him and stabbed him in the left shoulder with a small knife.
The man got out of his truck and punched Fenwick several times. The teen’s co-worker held down Fenwick until police arrived.WICHITA, Kan. (KWCH) Two Wichita teens announce they plan to run for Governor.
We talked to Jack Bergeson and Alexander Cline. They are juniors at the Independent School.
They're not old enough to vote, but nothing in the Kansas constitution prevents them from running for governor.
They say it's time for a change in Topeka and think they are the answer.
"I come to realize it doesn't matter what the age is it matters what your ambition and reason and if you're getting into it for the right reason," said gubernatorial candidate Jack Bergeson.
"We're looking to revitalize the Kansas political system through an anti-establishment ticket," said his running mate, Alexander Cline.
Bergeson and Cline plan to run as Democrats in the 2018 election.
Their platform includes increasing the minimum wage and improving health care.
Bergeson, however, says he supports gun rights and concealed carry on campus.
Other Democrats running for Kansas governor include former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, former Kansas Secretary of Agriculture Josh Svaty and Dr. Arden Andersen.
On the Republican side, current Lt. Gov. Jeff Colyer announced his bid for the 2018 election, along with Secretary of State Kris Kobach, insurance commissioner Ken Selzer, Wichita businessman Wink Hartman and former state senator Jim Barnett.
CORRECTION 8/9/17: In an earlier video version of this story we misidentified who provided the picture to us. The photo was supplied by the Hutchinson News. We regret the error.See how Cobra build their boats
See how Cobra RIBs build their boats when they open the factory doors to the public from 6-7 February.
The open weekend encompasses a full tour of the factory from the moulding process to fitting the tubes and finally installing engines and electronics.
There will be at least seven models on show which will be available for close inspection ranging from the 21ft 7in 6.6 to a 34ft 4in 10.5 with both inboard and outboard engine options.
Cobra say: “It’s unusual for a boat builder to let anyone see how craft are designed and assembled but that is just what we are doing.
“There is a great complexity of work involved in the final assembly including installation of navigation and leisure electronics and finally choice of engine fit-out to meet customer needs.”
The address of the factory is:
Unit 22
Romsey Industrial Estate
Greatbridge Road
Romsey
Hampshire
SO51 0HR
Go to for more details.Leaders Kings Langley were made to work hard at struggling Holmer Green in the Spartan South Midlands League Premier Division, but still came away with a 2-0 win.
Second-from-bottom Green fought hard to contain the visitors, giving them close attention and biting tackles, but after Mitchell Weiss brought an early save from Dan Little when through, it was Danny Hutchins who put Kings ahead after a quarter of an hour.
A Callum Adebiyi run was interrupted, but the ball fell to Ollie Cox, who immediately swept it wide to Hutchins and he finished on the run from an acute angle.
A Weiss free kick was well saved before a wayward back pass by Jack Pattison was not taken advantage of by Dean Powles, who dragged his shot wide when through.
Headers by defenders Stuart Deaton and Adebiyi were off target, Weiss and Alex Campana had efforts cleared off the line and then Little saved point blank from Hutchins as Kings failed to capitalise on their far greater possession.
However, they were first out of the blocks for the second period, Danny Hutchins crossing for Adebiyi to head down and Weiss finishing from close range.
Powles had another chance to reduce the deficit, but Ladyman pulled off an alert tip round for a corner, before Ollie Cox put the ball over the bar from a good chance.
The rest of the half was a somewhat dour affair, neither midfield being allowed to be creative, but Campana came close with a break and a chip well saved by Little and at the other end, Powles, looking suspiciously offside, was again foiled by the advancing Ant Ladyman.
It wasn’t particularly pretty, but this was a workmanlike performance from Kings and keeps the buffer constant at the top of the table.Bought movie tickets for Percy Jackson at 3.10pm at The Grand Cathay cineplex, then headed to Strictly Pancakes for lunch. It was drizzling and we had to walk x2 speed so that we don't get drenched.
Candid Shot
xx
Reached Prinsep Street, where Strictly Pancakes is located. (Its directly opposite POMO)
Had to wait for around 10 minutes before we were brought in to be seated.
Address: 44A Prinsep St, Prinsep Place, Singapore 188674
Tel No: 6333 4202
Took photos while waiting for our food to arrive!
♥
Ordered the Chic Wings, which costs $8. Not bad I would say, it taste so much better than McWings, hahaha! Just saying.
Chicken A La King - $13
Garlic Buttered Prawns - $14
After our lunch, its time to head back to The Grand Cathay for our movie, was super excited cuz we were watching on the day of its release!
Overall, I find that the scene where they're killing Cronus abit fast. They should have made it a little bit longer. But nevertheless, the movie was awesome! Can't wait for the next one to be out!!!
After the movie, we walked our way to H&M at Somerset 313 to window shop, then around town as well.
Then dinner at Cineleisure's Nihon Mura.
Waiting is always a chore for me, and I turned into a damsel in distress whenever that happens!
Hahahah!
DIN DINZ!
♥
Didn't really take any pictures after this! Hahaha!
That's all for this post. Thanks for reading :)The Importance of Computer Repair Service
Over the years our dependence on computers has increased to a great extent. With so many businesses being run via computers and the computers being a treasure of information, sometimes we feel wretched if they get some problem. Be it a virus-infected computer, slow computer or any other computer related problem, we feel as if our world is at a standstill. Since not only businesses are disturbed because of a computer problem but also students suffer for not being able to have an access to the world of information.
However, whenever your computers face a problem the first thing you normally do is, you find yourself running after technicians and calling up different computer repair companies to help you sort out the problem. This does not only waste a lot of your precious time but you are also likely to end up finding one which either is not competent enough or is charging too much. So to save yourselves from this last minute hassle, keep a record of the repair companies in your locality with the help of computer repair directory. It may take a few minutes of yours but will eventually relieve you of bigger anxiety of not finding a competent technician at a time when you need him the most.
If you are living in Phoenix for instance, you first of all need to log on to the internet and search Phoenix computer repair directory. See, if you find a Phoenix repair company which does not only provide you the best services for your troubled-computer but also claims to charge you reasonably. Usually, these repair companies offer services like virus removal, data recovery, data backup, desktop repairs, upgrades of both the hardware and the software. These repair companies also offer to provide you help in the system installation or setup, website design, network administration, e-mail hosting etc.
Computer repair directories help you find the best and competent technicians for repairing your computers and laptops. Many repair companies proclaim to provide you not only the services of highly skilled technicians and an outstanding customer service, which is available 24/7, but also provide services like free pickup and delivery of your computer. Many of these companies have an online computer repair service as well for the customers. These repair technicians do not only repair your computer but also secure it to make sure it does not get infected by a virus next time. They usually develop a back-up system in your computer to save yourself of any worry related to important data loss etc.
So, if you keep a record of the repair companies present in your area before some mishap, you won’t find yourself getting anxious over a computer related problem next time. Computer troubles are normal and you can defeat them by making some preparations beforehand like updating your computer regularly, installing a good antivirus and get it treated when it starts showing symptoms like running slow, in order to avoid a big problem.
Tags: Computer, Directory, Laptop, ServicePower Standards
We start districts with the unpacked Common Core Standards for each grade-level. Teachers immediately set to work with a laser focus on the aligned and foundational skills that were previously embedded in each standard, as well as related skills that may enrich or increase student learning.
- Unpacked Common Core Standards
- Identification of Power Standards
- Level of instruction for aligned, foundational and related skills
- Grade-level “I Can” Statements
- Depth of Knowledge Analysis
- Teacher Curriculum Guides
- Parent Curriculum Guides
Schools that use eCurriculum Power Standards complete their realignment to the Common Core in just 10% of the time it takes with traditional approaches to unpacking standards.Welcome to part two of this two-part series. (read Part 1 here) This is where I share with you the don’t’s and what aspects you need to keep in mind with how to self publish a book and avoiding the traps.
The Don’t’s
1. Don’t write what you are not passionate about
This means don’t chase dollars and write about what’s currently ‘hot’, because when it comes to marketing you won’t have the staying power and motivation to stay with it for the long haul. No reader wants to buy from someone who’d rather be promoting something else. Others have tried and failed. If you’re a historical fiction author, don’t write about vampires just because it’s hot right now. It won’t always be the case and by the time your book comes out the wave might have passed and you’re stuck with a book you don’t like, would rather not promote, to an audience that’s no longer hungry. Write what you’re passionate about, you’ll enjoy the process more and as long as you’ve researched your market and there’s an audience in demand you’ll be in better shape for success.
2. Don’t skimp on creating a quality product
What I mean is if you want potential readers and buyers to take you and your book seriously then show your confidence with a quality product. A book that looks like the author has put it together with matchsticks and paddlepops won’t get reviews and coverage in newspapers, it won’t be looked at by book bloggers and your potential buyers will see a dodgey DIY job from a mile away. At least invest in your book cover design and editing, if nothing else. Show that you care about your book and the perception you’re emitting and your readers will too.
3. Don’t publish with vanity presses or so-called ‘self publishers’
Steer clear of these, they don’t offer you anything you can’t do yourself with the ‘Real Self Publishing‘ path. These outfits refer to themselves as ‘self publishers’ because they play on the idea that anything outside the scope of a traditional publishing deal of the big 6 (now 7 with Amazon publishing) is in fact self publishing. This is far from the truth! Outfits such as Balboa Press, Outskirts Press, BookPal and others, prey on unknowing authors with hopes and dreams of seeing their book in print. They will charge you a substantial sum of money up front to publish your book and take a piece of your hard earned pie. Often the distribution of these outfits are pitiful restricted only to their own online stores that no one knows about! For more detail read Real Self Publishing: Maintain Control, Profit, Reach Readers and Avoid the Traps.
4. Don’t neglect researching and understanding your target audience
Savy non-fiction authors understand this before they even put down their first word on paper. Whether you are a nonfiction or fiction author, it’s crucial to understand who your target audience is, who do you see reading your book? If you don’t get a handle on this then all your time, energy and marketing efforts will be falling short and so will sales. They’ll be specific ways to reach your audience and answering questions like, which places do they hang out? what media channels are they exposed to? what social media tools are the majority of them using? will help you place your book in front of those most likely to buy.
5. Don’t think your book and marketing will take care of itself.
6. Don’t wait until after your book is published to start marketing
It blows me away how common this is, because it’s an after thought for writers. Yes, authors for the most part are not born marketers, but today there’s information out there (like this website) that will help you create your new marketing cap you are going to have to wear whether you like it or not. The best way to avoid this, is to start early with asking professionals questions and those who have gone before you. It’s never too early to start building awareness such as creating a blog, begin using Twitter and get to networking events. Inform yourself, get curious and start your plan of attack early during the writing process and avoid being overwhelmed when your book arrives back from the printers.
7. Don’t be a one-book only author
Books sell other books. This is why you see prominent authors have multiple books released within only a few months of each other. It’s because even the traditional publishers know that the backlist is the key to book sales. Get your first book out there, get the marketing machine up and running and then a couple of months down the track start your follow up book. For nonfiction authors consider any topics you can break down further into individual books. For fiction authors, create a series that has one or two main characters whose journey expands across a few books. Doing so allows you the opportunity to brand your books aside from building your author brand as a whole.
As an author you have to step up, shift your mindset, conquer your psychological roadblocks and allow yourself to get people’s attention and start selling books!
Winning the game is about the hustle you bring to it!
Anthony
[…] milestones. This is why I’ve created this seven Do’s and Don’t's overview series. Part 2 is the horrid DON’T'S that you need to […]
Anthony this is an awesome post. I especially like the statements about early promotion and not being a one book author. I read somewhere that new indie authors should start their second book as soon as they finish their first one to continue the author buzz. Again, great information. Thanks for sharing.
Hi Karen, thank you! Yes it’s important to have a good effective launch creating the thrust of momentum. Then schedule promotions and perhaps allow a small amount of time for writing the second book each week. The consecutive book strategy is talked about mostly by indie genre fiction authors. If you have a topical non-fiction book, then it’s a different matter. Thanks for the great comment!
This is all excellent information and when I self-published my non-fiction book I was doing just about all of these things. But book writing is all in the marketing so you need to be creative, find a way to be out in the public eye as much as possible, take your book to new markets, festivals, trade shows, TV, and radio. As a journalist with a regular column, that keeps my name out in the public space and it helps. good luck to all the budding authors out there and keep up the great work on this site!
Margaret
Thanks Margaret, glad you found it useful. I agree that creative marketing is a great way to stand out. Thanks for the feedback and comment!GLOBALIZATION; A SUCCESS OR FAILURE?And so..
Compared to the sober, earnest voice of Joseph Stiglitz beguiling his readers to view the world through the forgotten lens of the have-nots, Thomas Friedman’s tone is a striking contrast of the same topic; globalization. Friedman conjures up an image of a child at an amusement park, amazed to see all sorts of new, thrilling rides that are nothing similar to the familiar backyard swing; this young child sees many opportunities for unexplored fun before him, and begins to visualize just how much ‘fun’ is to be had as he skips through the park. On the other hand, Stiglitz conjures up the image of an older child, an early teen perhaps, who although excited about being at the park, has already been on many of the rides and is read to offer suggestions as to how to make the rides more fun. Stiglitz takes a completely different approach to globalization; he speaks as a former Chief Economist of the World Bank and Chief of Council of Economic Advisors during the Clinton administration.
Albeit the fact that both books likely relied heavily on research, The World is Flat is written more in the character of a educating charge, while Making Globalization Work reads like the analysis of a veteran amidst a long mission, after exposure to both sides of a conflict. The most striking element of Stiglitz’ writing voice is his sincere concern for the citizens of developing countries; those who have been bypassed by globalization. These are global citizens whose corners of the world were either not flattened by Friedman’s forces, or who have not had a chance to reap the benefits of the flattening.
Stiglitz determines that globalization began about 150 years ago when nation-states across the globe began to strengthen in identity and boundaries. In the U.S. this strengthening was realized as the government took a more central role in the regulating the economy and developing the country’s infrastructure and young technologies. This ‘version’ of globalization seems to stem from a mostly economic necessity for the nation-state to assert its position, and then evolving to accommodate the changing societal and political spectrums. In effect, as we are able to look back over more recent years, Stiglitz proclaims, “ Economic globalization has outpaced political globalization” (20). In following Stiglitz’ discussion of globalization, it is extremely important to note one component of his discourse; that there is a serious problem with the way globalization had played out so far, and the clock on reform is ticking. The general problem with globalization as Stiglitz sees it, is that it is producing “unbalanced outcomes both between and within countries…and these global imbalances are morally unacceptable and politically unsustainable” (8).
Having first-hand experience in making economic and political assessments allows Stiglitz to pinpoint the problems in globalization. He identifies the unfair rules of the global ‘game’, stating that they are specifically designed to benefit the advanced industrial countries (the U.S. & Europe).In distinguishing between developed and developing countries as they are affected by globalization, Stiglitz notes that the sovereignty of developing countries has been taken away…and as a result, democracy has been undermined.
While Friedman talked about the exposure of free-market capitalism to more people after the collapse of the Berlin Wall, Stiglitz highlights that economic systems have been forced upon developing countries- typically the Americanization of economic policy & culture. Part of the problem is also that “globalization advances material values rather than values such as environmental concern or concern for life itself”, and the culmination of these issues results in more losers than winners in the benefits of globalization (9).
More Friedman
TBC...
More Friedman
TBC.... Describing his music as “in the shade somewhere on the Southbank pier in London,” hinting at the general vibe of his music, he summarises it best as a “messy mind over raw, dark jazz grooves.” Perfect listening for a sunny Sunday afternoon. Having moved to Liverpool to study, a city renowned for its live music scene, at first Volo wondered if his moodier sound would fit in. “I was initially concerned they wouldn’t like the vibe I had to offer, as the tone is mostly soul, indie and rock, but the city has taken to it better than I could’ve hoped for,” he says.
Having enrolled at the LIMF Academy, a development programme ran by Liverpool International Music Festival, he caught the eye of the festival’s curator who then became his manager. In light of his distinctiveness, he has caught the attention of the BBC and is set to play Glastonbury, LIMF, Citadel and Festival No.6 this season where he will bring his unique sounds to live audiences. Asked what the newcomer is excited about in music and true to the nature of his music, he says he respects the advancement of music technologies allowing artists like himself to experiment. “I’m a fan of a whole lot of music technology that’s coming out” he explains. “I have no idea how these people make the stuff, but I’m glad they do.”
Last year saw him release his Chirality EP which included songs such as ‘Down’, ‘Runner’s High’ and ‘Gold Leaf’ oozing the laid-back vibe you want playing on a lazy weekend. With an album in development through Universal Music and festival season on the horizon, XamVolo is a name you’re going to be hearing again and again.
This article first appeared in Notion 76.
XanVolo wears Sunglasses Rayban, leather jacket ACNE, black t-shirt Blood Brother
Photography Tom Andrew
Fashion Oliver Vaughn
Hair Lewis Stanford using Bumble & bumble
Makeup Ana Fry using Mac Cosmetics
Photography assistant Chloe Tun Tun
Follow Joshua Wilkins on TwitterHope Mountain Nurseries
Keep Calm and Garden on!
Originally introduced by Peter Henderson and Company in 1926, it was called ‘Sun, Moon, and Stars’. It has continued to stay at the top of the charts as the most popular heirloom variety watermelon. The dark green rind is covered with small yellow spots and a larger ‘moon’ spot. The leaves are also speckled with yellow. It has sweet, red flesh and can grow to over 40 lbs! 95 days. Sun. Annual.Traveling Luck for Words Chapel, Kentucky, United States
Where is Words Chapel?
The timezone in Words Chapel is America/Iqaluit
Sunrise at 08:54 and Sunset at 18:51. It's light
Latitude. 36.8439°, Longitude. -85.7878° , Elevation. 258m
Weather : light snow
Temperature: -12°C / 10°F
Wind: 5.8km/h Northwest
Cloud: Solid Overcast at 1500ft
Satellite map around Words Chapel
Geographic features & Photographs around Words Chapel, in Kentucky, United States
- stream;
- a body of running water moving to a lower level in a channel on land.
- Hackers Branch (1.7km)
- Eaton Branch (2km)
- Mill Creek (2.5km)
- Nobob Creek (3km)
- Ritter Branch (3.3km)
- Watt Branch (3.6km)
- Tyree Branch (4.1km)
- Steam Mill Branch (5.4km)
- Bailey Branch (6.5km)
- Twitters Branch (6.6km)
- Shoal Creek (7.2km)
- Muncie Branch (7.3km)
- Dry Branch (7.5km)
- Belcher Creek (9km)
- Happy Hollow Branch (9.7km)
- Joney Branch (9.8km)
- Goose Creek (10.1km)
- Tyree Branch (10.7km)
- Burges Branch (10.9km)
- Brushy Fork (11.1km)
- Bethlehem Branch (11.7km)
- Lick Branch (11.8km)
- cemetery;
- a burial place or ground.
- Bowles Cemetery (1.5km)
- Simmons Cemetery (2km)
- Biggers Cemetery (3.9km)
- McPherson Cemetery (4.4km)
- Freedom Cemetery (4.9km)
- Payne Cemetery (5.1km)
- Lyon Cemetery (7.3km)
- Alkinson Cemetery (8km)
- Wade Cemetery (8.5km)
- Mosier Cemetery (9.7km)
- Tyree Cemetery (10.2km)
- church;
- a building for public Christian worship.
- Antioch Church (1km)
- Oak Grove Church (3.5km)
- Union Number 2 Church (4.4km)
- Poplar Log Church (5.2km)
- White Church (7.3km)
- Corinth Church (7.7km)
- Beech Grove Church (9.3km)
- Philippi Church (9.8km)
- Poplar Spring Church (10.2km)
- Dover Church (10.5km)
- school;
- building(s) where instruction in one or more branches of knowledge takes place.
- Hackers Branch School (3.5km)
- Hamilton School (7.5km)
- Lyons School (8.5km)
- Cedar Hill School (8.6km)
- White School (9.2km)
- Union Hill School (10.7km)
- Goodson School (11.5km)
- Bethlehem School (11.6km)
- Bowman School (11.7km)
- Murrey School (11.9km)
- populated place;
- a city, town, village, or other agglomeration of buildings where people live and work.
- Nobob (3.3km)
- Mount Hermon (6.3km)
- Sulphur Lick (7.6km)
- Temple Hill (8.8km)
- Eighty Eight (10.3km)
- Summer Shade (11km)
Accommodation around Words Chapel
- valley;
- an elongated depression usually traversed by a stream.
- Piercy Hollow (5.7km)
- Local Feature;
- A Nearby feature worthy of being marked on a map..
- Words Chapel (0km)
Wikipedia entries close to
Words Chapel
- Tompkinsville, Kentucky city city o
- Fountain Run, Kentucky city city o
- Glasgow, Kentucky city city o
- Edmonton, Kentucky city city o
- Gamaliel, Kentucky city city o
- Hiseville, Kentucky city city o
- Red Boiling Springs, Tennessee city city o
- Cave City, Kentucky city city o
- Park City, Kentucky city city o
- Scottsville, Kentucky city city o
- Burkesville, Kentucky city city o
- Horse Cave, Kentucky city city o
- Lafayette, Tennessee city city o
- Celina, Tennessee city city o
- Smiths Grove, Kentucky city city o
- Oakland, Kentucky city city o
Airports close to Words Chapel
Nashville international(BNA), Nashville, Usa (140.6km)
Godman aaf(FTK), Fort knox, Usa (147.3km)
Bowman fld(LOU), Louisville, Usa (190.1km)
Campbell aaf(HOP), Hopkinsville, Usa (191.2km)The KOA Art Gallery will feature the work of local artist Samila Sosic in an exhibition opening Sept. 8.
An opening for the show, “Between the Line and the Mind,” will be held at noon in KOA Speer Electronics Lobby of Blaisdell Hall. The exhibition will be on view in the gallery through Oct. 2.
Sosic merged her art studies and her career as an architect to create art with interesting compositions and opposing elements.
She will exhibit both architectural drafting and recent paintings. “This exhibition merges two different career paths in my life,” she said.
The instructor of art is a native of Bosnia who moved to New York City in 1992. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in architecture from the University of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In 2005, she enrolled in the interdisciplinary arts program at Pitt-Bradford, obtaining her Bachelor of Arts degree in 2011. She continued her art education at the Academy of Art in San Francisco, where she earned a Master of Fine Arts in painting and drawing.
Classes she teaches include Drawing, Painting, Mural Design, and Contemporary Portraiture.
Sosic is also the Director of Study Abroad and International Services at Pitt-Bradford.
Gallery hours are 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday.
For more information, visit. For disability needs related to the exhibition, contact the Office of Disability Resources and Services at Pitt-Bradford at 814-362-7609 or email Carma Horner at clh71@pitt.edu.Country Cupboard Furniture
Nice Country Cupboard Furniture Primitive Farmhouse Step Back Hutch Painted Country Rustic Early American Custom Reproduction Stepback Cupboard Cabinet
You certainly will have the peacefulness in your house if you have a home that could be comfy and well designed, in this Country Cupboard Furniture pic stock, you can find a large number of stunning your home design. You can utilize the graphics in Country Cupboard Furniture snapshot collection as idea to produce a brand new home or simply redecorate the current one. You can aquire a great deal of exciting facts because of Country Cupboard Furniture graphic stock effortlessly, definitely grasping it diligently, you can greatly enhance your personal know-how. Opt for the style and design you are keen on out of Country Cupboard Furniture snapshot gallery, subsequently put it on to your house. Due to the fact that Country Cupboard Furniture image collection do not just contain a picture, after that people urge want you to look into the complete stock. It is possible to carry a lot of gain from Country Cupboard Furniture picture stock, considered one of the industry spectacular type idea. Through the use of what s in Country Cupboard Furniture image collection to your home, your personal property can help make your personal company envy.
Nice Country Cupboard Furniture Country Cupboard With A Great Shape
Wonderful Country Cupboard Furniture Tall Country Cupboard
cupboard
As noun
a closet with shelves for dishes, cups, etc
Chiefly British
any small closet or cabinet, as for clothes, food, Country Cupboard Furniture photograph stock will show, you must pay attention to just about every issue utilized in the house very carefully. Product, original size together with keeping of that permanent fixture usually are examples of the essential aspects to becoming a wonderful home prefer with Country Cupboard Furniture photo collection. Additionally you can acquire a photos a part of Country Cupboard Furniture photo collection which site to add to your own reference. Country Cupboard Furniture picture stock will only give shots along with good quality and additionally small to medium sized file size, thus a wonderful to be able to care about that to choose from breathing space upon your hard drive. For anybody who wish to benefit from the excite of creating your office, figuring out Country Cupboard Furniture snapshot collection along with submit an application the factors to your home has to be really relaxing factor. Country Cupboard Furniture photograph collection could be very advisable for those who are who wish to get hold of innovative ways to accentuate your property. Once again, discover this particular Country Cupboard Furniture snapshot stock and enjoy the application.
Amazing Country Cupboard Furniture Farmhouse Country Cupboard
Marvelous Country Cupboard Furniture Antique Furniture French Antique Sideboard Server Hutch Antique Cabinet Cupboard Antique Country French Furniture
Country Cupboard Furniture Pictures Collection
Random Posts of Country Cupboard
Tile Shower With Seat
September 5, 2017
Affinity Kitchens
September 12, 2017
Paula Deen Furniture Line
September 8, 2017
Ceiling Bathroom Light Fixtures
September 3, 2017
Cane Accent Chair
September 3, 2017
Kitchenaid Mixer Color Chart
August 28, 2017
Cleos Furniture Little Rock Ar
September 3, 2017
Front Gate Outdoor Furniture
September 5, 2017
Where Does Home Goods Furniture Come From
September 2, 2017
Best Bathroom Tiles
August 28, 2017
108 Inch Table Runner
September 10, 2017
Monarch Table Set
September 4, 2017
Furniture Puerto Rico
September 11, 2017
Krauss Sink
September 4, 2017
Cocktail Table With 4 Stools
September 11, 2017
Black Makeup Table
August 30, 2017
Blanco Sinks Stainless Steel
September 3, 2017
Crate Barrel Furniture
September 13, 2017
Affordable Kitchen Lighting
August 30, 2017
Diy Retractable Projector Screen
August 31, 2017
Concrete Countertop And Sink
August 31, 2017
Less Expensive Countertops
September 8, 2017
Kitchen Appliances Houston
August 31, 2017
Gallery Furniture Owner
September 13, 2017
Decorate Coffee Table
September 7, 2017At that point, I was transferred to a gurney, had James tucked in next to me and was taken to recovery, and actually got to get to know our new baby. He was a lot like he is now - calm, cuddly and a good sleeper. He was long and bony then, and while he has a nice layer of fat, he's still pretty skinny now. He has just about the same amount of hair too.
I can't believe how fast this year has gone. There have been parts of having three children that have been very hard, but as babies go, James has been a dream. He gave me a chance to finally get breastfeeding right, and he remains passionately devoted to nursing. He wasn't planned or expected, but I wouldn't give him back for anything.
Happy birthday, baby boy.FRANKENSTEIN
Writtle Cards
27.10.12
Mary Shelley's Modern Prometheus very much in the spotlight this Halloween, and I don't just mean Frankenweenie … He's the classic serial on Radio 4, Channel 4 are carrying a documentary about the National Theatre Production and Writtle Cards are reviving the stage version by America's most prolific playwright.
Tim Kelly's 1974 Frankenstein retains much of the philosophical meat of the original, the Milton and the Coleridge, though liberties are taken with the characters and the plot. There's some clunky dialogue, ["maybe he won't show up"], and the most bathetic curtain line you could wish for, fluffed, very understandably, the night I saw it: "We'll get some shovels from the greenhouse". All six scenes are set in the study in the Château, beginning and ending with Victor's wedding night. So Ireland, England, Orkney and Geneva are all shoe-horned into these three walls, and much of the story unfolds through narrative and reminiscence, much of the passion, guilt and fear in flashback. Key here is the childhood friend and confidant Clerval, played by Kenton Church.
The scientist is strongly delineated by Nick Caton, holding the audience with his intense, passionate speeches. The Creature, too, with his "complete mastery of speech", [Neil Smith] impresses with his stillness and his dignity. Dramatic contrast with these heightened emotions from Sarah Wilson's down-to-earth Elizabeth, Daniel Curley's brutal police inspector and Megan Hill's timid maid. Frau Frankenstein [spared the scarlet fever in this version] is given a lively characterization, and the only Swiss accent, by Liz Curley. And Clare Williams made the most of the wronged Justine, who might just cheat death in this open-ended adaptation. Leave room for the sequel – Kelly himself also gave us Frankenstein Slept Here and Frankensteins Are Back In Town.
The production would have benefited from more consistency in the choice of music, and in the furnishings of Frankenstein's study. But there were many deft touches, two of them involving the skeleton standing stage left throughout, and some enjoyably melodramatic moments.
Frankenstein was directed by Michelle Moody, and produced by Laura Bennett.Can we first just address that I'm finally in a pumpkin patch after years of wanting to go to one? I've had an amazing family involved day picking out some pumpkins and Autumn for me so far is bloody amazing! Now, into the post!
I love Autumn and I when I think of the perfect day in Autumn I always just imagine walking around the city of York on a day off, coat on, Boyfriend in hand whilst we drink hot drinks and explore. That almost makes me sad because we no longer live in York so this Autumn is going to be completely different, it's the first October we've lived in our house in the little village we're in. I'm trying to see that as something exciting because it's all going to be a new experience for us both and with this being my favourite time of the year I don't want it to disappoint. I love the casual/warm feelings of Autumn, how on the weekend I get excited about putting my coat on and going for a walk! The crisp feeling of the air, falling leaves and how I get so excited to take photographs in my boots. I feel warm thinking of finally putting the heating on, drinking hot drinks and just the idea of having a huge explore as the skies starts to get dark. October so far is completely different from last year so at the moment I'm finding it hard to really get into the season spirit when it's raining every day and the temperature has just suddenly dropped to freezing. I'm missing the slow transition where I go from jacket to coat (at the moment it's just rain coats all the bloody time) or the warm sun set which is super early but makes my heart skip. Instead of letting the crap weather at the moment get me down I've been thinking about all the things I love to do in Autumn and my ideal day of how I like to spend it.
It's definitely all about the walks to the cafes or coffee shops for me, I used to love doing this with friends and family when we lived in the city so I can't wait to do it now on my days off. In our village there's a number of cute cafes which are of course super cheap because they're in the country side, so I can't think of anything better than on the weekend putting on my fur coat or scarf and casually strolling to the café. I want to feel the cold breeze on my face slowly, but then have the warmth of the sun as it creeps up into the sky. I'm going to take a small detour through the park because it's going to be beautiful. The suns going to shine through and the ground will be covered in leaves and it's going to be photo heaven. Joel's definitely going to tell me off for taking ages getting snaps of my shoes in the leaves, but then we'll be on our way to the café, walking past the veg shops and florist until we get to the café and hear the chime of the bell as we enter. If we ever go into town or to a city I love getting a hot chocolate or a sweet tea from Starbucks and just taking a walk, York's so beautiful but there's little gems with living in the country side.
I love the change in my home décor. I'm on a budge this year but I have enough stuff anyway to give our home a little make over. I love this time of year because I change pretty much everything in my house. I bring out different scented candles to make it smell more homely than the fresher scents I use in summer or spring, along with the colour scheme of my living room getting a little warmer. Of course in October I go all out with the Halloween decorations, but just in September I keep it a little light with orange leaf prints and musky candles. I drag all the blankets out of storage and scarfs become the perfect items for flat lays.
I hate having to start wearing tights, but one thing I love about Autumn fashion is how I start to experiment more with wearing layers. I love to wear trousers or culottes with shirts and jumpers, or even dresses over shirts, I always build up my outfits when it comes to the season and I'm definitely excited for it. We all have that trusty coat and mines been my black faux fur for years, it is time for me to get another coat, but there's always something nostalgic about getting my favourite coat out of the cupboard when the cold wind starts to roll in. Whilst I love boots I love swapping my sandals for shoes like creepers or boat shoes, the boots coming more into my winter wardrobe, but I can't wait to start experimenting with smart shoes. I love everything about my autumn wardrobe, from the olive greens to the mustard colours and of course there's always more black in my outfits.
Whilst I do love fashion and putting together a good OOTD, I'm very lazy so the idea of whipping off my clothes the second I get home and putting on my PJs gets me excited for autumn. I love early nights, whilst it does take away my motivation and makes it really hard to take photographs when there's no natural light, I love getting all snuggled. In September the sunset starts to happen around 8pm, but by then I'm already full from my tea, in my comfies and settling down for a tv series or film. I love spending quality nights in with my partner just out of the cold.
Black Velvet Dress - H&M . Autumnal Floral Open Dress - Sugarhill Boutique . Boots - H&M . Hat - Boohoo
Everyday I'm noticing the season taking over and it gets me so excited for things like Halloween, Farmers markets, walks on the market, Bomfire night, so I'm definitely in my element right now. What do you love about Autumn? What are you up to this October to embrace the season?
Happy Halloween,
I've just launched my own independent business so here is my shop too : Witchcrafts
& I also have a bunch of things listed on my Depop
& I also have a bunch of things listed on my Depop
Brilliant post girl and the photos are stunning! I love love love the pumpkins! You can't beat this time of the year can you! It makes me so frigging happy!
Loving vlogtober btw!
Fix Me In Forty Five - A Beauty & Lifestyle Blog
Blog Lovin' // Instagram
xx
Thank you so much lady! I literally am in my element I've never been to a pumpkin patch!
Thanks!
xxx
You look amazing in these photos! I love the pumpkin patch too :) xx
Yasmina | The July Journal
Thank you!!!Earth Traditions Georgia Death Midwife Certification
On-Line Registration for march 24, 25, 26, 2017
Registration is non-refundable
The Schedule is:
- Friday: 9am-8pm
- Saturday: 9am-7pm
- Sunday: 9am-5pm
In order to receive the certification you must be present, on time, and for the duration of the class each day..
1 thought on “Conner @ 16”
Happy Birthday Conner,
You were 4 years old the last time I saw you. 16 is a bautiful age, hopefully you had a nice day with family and friends. And a nice birtday cake. This comment is from an aunt from Holland ( from your dad’s family)
greetings for you all. I was supposed to be in Vancouver with Mattijs ( my second son), but I am laying on the couch not voluntary. I am the one withe the broken leg. aunt MonicaNuclear Summer
Bloggers react to an editorial calling for pre-emptive strikes on North Korea. They also go along with a recent National Academy of Sciences' study on global warming—up to a point.
Stop worrying, and bomb the bomb: Former Clinton defense officials Ashton B. Carter and William J. Perry penned an editorial in the Washington Post (Note: Slate is owned by the Washington Post Co.) Thursday calling for a pre-emptive strike on the North Korean regime if it goes ahead with anticipated tests of its new "Taepodong" missile. An ICBM said to be capable of carrying a nuclear payload to U.S. shores, the weapon can be easily destroyed in a surgical strike, which would have the added virtue of sending a no-nonsense message to Kim Jong-Il. Or so argue Carter and Perry. Bloggers aren't so sure.
Conservative Ed Morrissey at Captain's Quarters has done the hard thinking on this question and emerges unconvinced. The trouble is a semantic difference between the Clinton and Bush species of "pre-emption": ?"
Robert Koehlerat the Seoul-based The Marmot's Hole explains the logic behind the South Korean call for calm: "If the North fires a missile, the black haze you'll see on the horizon won't be from a warhead going off; it will be South Korea's efforts to get the Americans to play nice with Pyongyang going up in smoke. ... The Roh administration's diplomatic efforts … won't be worth jack-shit, and President Roh will look like an even bigger clown in Washington than he already does."
International affairs and political science grad student Joshua Foust thinks that using the threat of force to demand that Kim Jong-Il "de-fuel" his new toy is misguided. At The Conjecturer, Foust minutes: "The TPD-2 uses a liquid engine—that means it is highly unstable and dangerous to fuel and launch. That also means it is even more dangerous to de-fuel and take off the pad, since the moment it enters the tanks the liquid reactants begin corroding the metal casings, creating the possibility of catastrophic leaks… So they are in the very tricky position, perhaps on purpose, where a missile launch is the safest bet for all involved on the ground. I have to say, it is a very clever move on Kim's part."
Democrat Robert Farley at Lawyers, Guns and Money offers two reasons for the muscularity on display in his own camp: "One, by advocating a preventative attack…we Democrats demonstrate to the American electorate that we are just as tough and even more stupid than the Republicans on national security…Second, we demonstrate 'resolve'. Our allies, none of whom would be expected to support such a strike (Carter and Perry allow this) will nonetheless be impressed." And Noah Schachtman at the guns, germs, and steel-savvy Defense Tech isn't even sure the Taepodong exists: "[T]here may not be an ICBM at all. Remember, the North Koreans have launched exactly one intermediate-range ballistic missile, in 1998. The thing…went about 2,000 km or so. Now, U.S. intelligence assumes the Norks have been working on strapping together more Nodongs and Scuds (or, at least, their engines) for an ICBM -- something that can reach three to five times further, and hit the U.S. But no one has actually seen the weapon."
A snowball's chance in Antarctica: According to the National Academy of Sciences, the earth is at its hottest state in 2,000 years. From glacier melt to sea simmer to hurricane frequency and destructiveness—mankind is largely to blame. But some in cyberspace wonder about the almanac-padding methodology of a few centuries ago, and express other misgivings about root causes for, say, the wind speed behind Katrina.
Antiwarrior Californian Bob at Politics in the Zero starts things off with a characteristic greenhouse reply: "Not that this will convince the Flat Earthers residing in the White House, who never let reality and science get in the way of their dogma."
But at Politics and Pigskins, "small government conservative" Ed McGonigal notices a conspicuous absence in the CNN coverage of our long-term heat wave: "The most interesting thing is that nowhere in the entire story are the words 'sun' or 'solar' used. Until a study is done which excludes the main source of heat on Earth as a cause of global warming, I refuse to take this any more seriously than a guy walking down the street with a sign saying 'Repent! The End Is Near!' "
"Veritas" of Gulf Coast Hurricane Tracker, blogging from Houston, thinks the report looses more heat than light: "The (?)."
David Roberts at "leafy green" Gristmill, the blog of environmental Grist magazine, is not buying the weighted correlation between global warming and hurricane intensity: ."Hot Items Skip Hop Zoo Little Kid and Toddler Travel Neck Rest, Soft Plush Velour, Multi Marshall Monkey December 29, 2017 John 0 Comment Hop, Kid, Marshall, Monkey, Multi, Neck, Plush, Rest, Skip, Soft, Toddler, Travel, Velour, Zoo FOR ONLY –> $12.99 Tiny travelers rest easy with cozy Zoo pals. Featuring our signature Zoo animals in plush velour, Read moreHilton Head, SC Cobia Fishing
Sight Fishing for Hilton Head, South Carolina Cobia
Of all of the ways to catch a cobia here in the Hilton Head area I really enjoy sight fishing for them. You generally need calm conditions to see the cobia cruising on the surface, but when things come together it is a real blast! Cobia a pretty bold creatures and will come right to the surface and cruise along as if they own the sea. When we find them there are a lot of tactics to get them to eat, but my favorite is to break out the fly rod and strip one right by their nose… if done properly it almost always results in a hard strike and a down and dirty battle. Spinning rods work well too and there are many different lures and natural baits that work well with a cruising cobia, but the key is a good presentation. Donking the fish up side of the head generally does not get it done. If you like an exciting style of fishing this may be the thing for you. Outside of sight fishing for the cobia we will also be doing a lot of cobia fishing in the rivers and out on the offshore wrecks. Some of my best cobia days have been out on the wrecks, but as we get further into the season they can become crowded with a lot of other boats. Just remember that if you plan to go out cobia fishing that these fish are here to spawn. A little restraint goes a long way. On my boat we only keep two cobia per day and if possible release the large females. Until next time, Catch em up! Capt. Charlie
This entry was posted on Sunday, April 1st, 2012 at 8:36 pm and is filed under Fishing Techniques & How To's. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.Banc de binary world finance
Banc De Binary - SelectaBroker.com
The best binary options brokers 2017 avoid firms operating in the online world. Therefore, trading in binary options such as GOptions and Banc de Binary.
Banc De Binary: Tel aviv, Ramat Gan Managed IT Services
Dear Valued Banc De Binary Client. We want to inform you that as of March 5th 2017 Banc de binary will no longer avail the trading platform.
About Banc De Binary - Home
Read This banc de binary review to know all about this binary option broker, Headquartered in the wall street, the heart of the Financial World;
Banc De Binary, Financial Services
Every once in an exceedingly whereas we tend to once we do a review we come across a binary options broker that World Finance listed on Banc de Binary as
HOME - Market Capital News - Finance and Binary Options
(PRWEB) April 04, 2012 -- The prestigious World Finance Awards have acknowledged Banc De Binary as the best binary options trading platform in both America and
Banc De Binary Awarded "Best Binary Options Broker 2012
17.01.2014 · HotForex’s online platform for binary options of tradable online financial product presents traders clients around the world,
Banc de Binary Review - Banc de Binary Bonus - Read More!
Banc De Binary is proud to be at the cutting edge of the binary options trading revolution. We are a privately held investment firm and a World Finance company
Best Binary Options Broker | Learn More About Banc de
Read 100% Expert & Detailed Banc de Binary Review financial research and It has traders from more than 80 countries around the world which only
Banc de Binary Review | Scam or Legit Broker?
Pros:Cons:7 Binary Options Rating:Key FeaturesTrading at Banc de TimesThe Banc de Binary Mobile AppBanc de with the world of finance.
Banc De Binary - BBINARY Trading - Binary Options Review
Banc De Binary is proud to be at the centre of the financial world and at the cutting edge of binary option trading. We are a privately held trading and investment
Best Binary Options Brokers 2017 | Top Binary Trading Sites
Use our Banc De Binary trading guide to Learn how to trade like a pro – Open an account today & get up to 100% welcome bonus.
About Banc De Binary
Banc De Binary is proud to be at the cutting edge of the binary options trading revolution. We are a privately held investment firm and a World Finance company
Banc De Binary Review - Banc De Binary Scam - Is-scam™
Banc de Binary Gone, Opportunities for Other Brokers Banc de Binary announced that it spectrum of the world. Media attention to the financial markets can
Banc de Binary | about.me
Market Capital News - Finance and Binary Options Reviews. Banc de Binary Review; a good friend is set to become the number one man on the world’s diplomatic
About BDB - | Ash Ltd. (St. Vincent, Grenadyny)_15<<
Banc De Binary Wins 'Best Trading Platform' from World Finance
Talk:Banc De Binary Individuals with a conflict of World Finance was an enabler of Banc De Binary, via its vanity awards and consequent promotion of such.
Is Banc De Binary Reliable? - Banc De Binary Review
Banc De Binary provides clients with a seamless binary options trading experience and the support they need in order to enhance their chances of success.
Scam Broker Investigator • Banc de Binary Review
Today, the Cypriot financial markets regulatory authority issued a notice confirming the final exit of Banc de Binary from the dying binary options industry.
Banc De Binary Review - Binary Options Canada
Adapting to a Changing Financial World . Adapting to a Changing Financial World
Banc De Binary Review - superbinaryoptions.com
Enter the world of Binary Options Trading with a few simple steps. Open an Account with Banc De Binary today.
Banc De Binary Trading Guide | 81% Payouts!
25.11.2017 · A private trading and investment firm, Banc De Binary offers binary option trading technology and financial services to its worldwide customers.
HotForex’s online platform for binary options trading
For Canadians entering the exciting world of online trading, Banc De Binary is one Banc De Binary Review. IMPORTANT the 2008 financial crisis first-hand and
Banc de binary - Βικιπαίδεια
18.07.2014 · Banc de Binary is one of a تحذير نصب بنك التداول الاسلامي islamic trade banc Tadawul FX | World Finance
Broker Banc De Binary (Binary option) at Casinoz.club
Banc De Binary is proud to be at the centre of the financial world and at the cutting edge of binary option trading. We are a privately held trading and investment…
Oren Shabat Laurent | Professional Profile
Banc de Binary Review Banc de Binary offers the latest financial news and live alerts to Hundreds of thousands of satisfied customers from all over the world.601 Atchison St Atchison, KS 660023 Beds, 1 Baths, -- sqft
601 Atchison St is a property located in Atchison, KS 66002. This property features 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom.
For the surrounding community of Atchison, KS 66002, the nearby schools are below average and include Atchison Middle School, Trinity Lutheran School and Atchison Alternative School. The overall crime risk for this area is low with 50 criminal and sex offenders residing within 1 mile. The natural disaster risk for this area includes very low earthquake risk, high tornado risk, and minimal flood risk.
Property Details: 601 Atchison St
- 3 beds, 1 bath
-!Our History:
Intercity Towing CC was launched by Max Bega in 2007 with one 1-ton sling truck to help out an unemployed friend. Within 20 months of trading two independent towing companies, Auto Rescue and Mike’s Towing were acquired to expand market share.
In January 2011 the company was acquired by a three-party partnership, with Ben Brits as the new managing member. The main focus at this point was mainly local towing work in the Greater Durban Metro, with a long distance auto-carrier capacity of about 40 – 50 vehicles per month.
With an ever increasing demand for quick turn-around time, the auto-carrier capacity was expanded 8-fold over the next 3 years to 350 – 450 vehicles per month. Since the name “Intercity Towing” misrepresented the shifted focus of our business, a new company, “Intercity Auto Movers” was created in parallel. The two companies operate hand-in-hand, with Intercity Towing CC focusing primarily on the local towing work, while Intercity Auto Movers (Pty) Ltd tends to the long haul auto-carrier side of the business.
Our Vision
Our vision is to become one of the most recognised and appreciated vehicle transport companies with a solid, long term relationship with our valued customers, while remaining small enough to maintain a personalised service.
Our Mission
Our mission is to load, transport and deliver your vehicle within an agreed time frame, at a reasonable cost and with the confidence that your assets are in safe and competent hands.
Our Business
Our core business is to transport vehicles and to resolve any logistic challenges associated with it.
Intercity Auto Movers is based in New Germany (Pinetown), with a smaller satellite depot in Empangeni.
In order to increase our operating footprint, Intercity Auto Movers has service level agreements with a number of reputable towing and transport companies across the country. We subcontract these companies to cover areas and routes beyond our own scope. These partners have been carefully selected, not only to extend our own capabilities, but also to mirror our values, principles and service levels.
Over the years we have established a comprehensive corporate and private client base, with which we maintain a close personal relationship. Our clients include the following:
- Automotive wholesalers
- Automotive dealerships
- Car rental companies
- Salvage companies
- Transport brokers
- Event organisers
- Auction houses
- Security companies
- Vehicle and trailer manufacturers
- Furniture removal companies
- Vehicle collectors / renovators
- Vehicle exporters
- Fleet owners
- Banks / Finance Houses
We believe in empowered employees that not only perform better, but also instil confidence with the client. We employ people with the right attitude and capabilities, and provide continuous growth and development through coaching and training. Our aim is to develop the following characteristics in our staff:
Ownership
Employees are encouraged not only to take ownership of any task allocated to them, but also to find opportunities to perform above and beyond the call of duty.
Capability
Regular training is provided – both on individual level and in groups. This eliminates mistakes while simultaneously reducing turn-around time.
Multiplexing
Drivers are selected and trained so that they can perform a broad scope of tasks, including driving, loading, strapping, forklift/machine operation, etc. This helps not only to improve availability of staff, allowing staff to take the necessary leave and to look after their personal well-being, but also to improve co-operation when teamwork is required.
Appearance
Drivers are issued with uniforms and safety gear to represent the company’s professional image. We want our drivers be presentable to any client.
- Promptness
- Value for money
- Confidence
- Professionalism
- Honesty
- Responsibility
- Thoroughness
- IntegrityCourse:CPSC312-2017-Shift-Scheduler
Contents
Shift Scheduler
Authors: Corey Jack Wilson, Lyndon Won
What is the problem?
For a large majority of workplaces, scheduling shifts is handled using charts or spreadsheets. This form of scheduling can become quite complex, especially when dealing with multiple departments and large teams. Moreover, current scheduling solutions require explicit knowledge in order manipulate data which makes adjusting them difficult and time-consuming. We plan to build a scheduling system that allows users to ask questions about the schedule. The program will take a list of shifts with information on time, department, role and employee, which the program can interact with to perform different natural language queries and adjustments.
What are the necessary user stories we have addressed?
- As an employee:
- I can ask questions about my current shifts on the schedule
- I can ask questions about who the manager is during my shift
- As a supervisor:
- I can ask questions about which employees are working during a current time on the schedule.
- I can ask questions about which employees are working in a department during a current time on the schedule.
- I can find out which employees are not working during a certain time so I can find someone to cover time off.
What is the something extra?
We will attempt to address several other use cases:
- As an employee, I can schedule myself to work during a time that is not currently on the schedule
- As a manager:
- I can change the shift and day of an employee (as an extension, you could swap the shifts of two or more employees)
- I can promote an employee to a manager
- I can change an employees department
Known Issues/Bugs
1. The 'who is' questions can only take 1 relation, otherwise it returns false.
- Seems to be caused by the lack of a subject (employee, manager) so the second relations uses the noun from the first relation as its subject.
- Example:
ask([who,is,working,on,monday,working,in,the,morning],A).will try to prove
works_in(monday,morning).instead of
works_in(_some_employee,morning).
2. Cannot have more than 2 relations for any type of question.
- Happens when relation types are different and when they are all the same.
- Example:
ask([what,manager,works,on,monday,works,on,tuesday,works,on,friday],E).
Change Notes
1. We moved the following user stories to 'Something Extra' because we felt it went further beyond the what was learned in class and wanted to do it the right way by actually persisting the data (instead of merely mutating the program).
- As an employee, I can schedule myself to work during a time that is not currently on the schedule
- As two employees, we can trade shifts
2. We dropped the following 'Something Extra's' because we were blocked and couldn't figure out restrictions within the natural language interface and wanted to work on persisting the data properly, which we felt was more important to an actual scheduling system then having restrictions.
- As an employee, I can have custom requirements for when I switch shifts (i.e. that i never go below 40 hours/week, that I never schedule myself for a time when I am busy on an external calendar)
- As a supervisor, I can have custom requirements for when employees switch shifts (i.e. that two employees must be in the same department, or have the same training)
3. We changed the following user story to more accurately describe a possible user requirement
- I can have employees suggested to me for when another employee takes time off -> I can find out which employees are not working during a certain time so I can find someone to cover time off.
- As two employees, we can trade shifts -> As a manager, I can swap the shifts of two employees
What did we learn from doing this?
Does the code work? As far as code quality, we wrote a test suite for several queries in the basic user stories and for the advanced user stories. The coverage shows that the functionality works, although there are two known bugs for which they are documented and their tests have been commented out. Please make sure you run any manual tests against a default database.
Is the extra part interesting? Does it give evidence for the usefulness of what you have done? We found the extra part to be interesting because it shows how succinctly Prolog can handle the description of a highly generalized schedule while at the same time preserving readability for the end user. We chose the extra part because people typically think of functional/logic languages as being constrained to an immutable environment of rules. While elegant in its own right, by showing that Prolog has the additional ability to mutate a simple db, its functionality is greatly expanded beyond domain conceptualization and knowledge graphs. From the extra feature, one could envision a natural language parser that translates directly to SQL (or any other kind of NoSql API for that matter). Then, when combined with additional libraries for audio interpretation, one could realize a fairly simple speech-to-SQL system that would be lightweight, relatively maintainable, easily extensible and highly usable.
Is the code readable and well documented? Does it give the intended interpretation for all symbols? Would someone else be able to take your code and build on it? The code is separated into coherent sections. One for the logic for actions, questions, general rules of the KB, and the testing suite. The interpretations of each of the symbols is obvious because we chose clean coder naming as a convention. The code is extensible insofar as if one wanted to use this in production, they could fairly obviously add additional departments, roles, shifts, actions, and hires just by following the patterns. Further extension of this scheduler should consider:
- the ability to add in 'one-off' shifts that need not follow any kind of rule (i.e. Working on Saturday, October 30th, 12-4, one time) and the ability to aggregate total hours based on this.
- the ability to add in constraints (i.e. you cannot schedule someone on X-mas, you cannot schedule someone into Grocery that hasn't been trained on products, etc).
- the ability to visualize coverage in some graphical way.
Is the conclusion on the feasibility of your approach justiﬁed by the evidence? As far as feasibility of using Prolog for such a task, we conclude that it is sufficient as a language for scheduling, natural language parsing, and even to some degree, simple database management. The main concern lies in how integrated Prolog could be with a modern RDBMS in order to take advantage of all their advanced querying features. Since most business data is in some for of relational database already, it might not make sense to translate this data to Prolog facts for the mere sake of utilizing Prolog as a NL interface. That said, as mentioned earlier, if one could utilize the NL parser to create SQL statements, this might be a more suitable task for Prolog rather then recreating the DB. Our main pain points were in coding in relations and constraints for the data and how coupled they are to the natural language logic. While having constraints deeply embedded in the NL logic makes sense, engraining -database- constraints into the NL logic seems to defy good design principles (i.e. having to modify a noun fact whenever a new noun is added). Thus, we summarize that while Prolog is suitable to the task of NLP and querying, it might be too far to extend this to a full RDBMS (which most production schedules and data sets are already contained in).Brandon Workman #67 2017 MLB Jersey-Boston Red Sox Women's Authentic 2013 World Series Champions Home White Baseball Jersey
Wholesale 2017 Season Newest Brandon Workman #67 mlb Jersey-Boston Red Sox Women's Sex 2013 World Series Champions Home White Baseball Jersey,just 59.98$ on sale,with free-shipping over 2 pieces and 10% off over 200$ discount promotion....
baseball jersey white
Tag : baseball jersey white
Degrading a stack of clothing as for the Sochi cool high hot and cold hotness Olympic volunteers Volunteers at next season cool water olympics in Sochi might choose to reflect on their reliable pastime after taking away eyevision within your regular shops.
Some apparel, Of throughout the things feature the indication of been lately developed with hardly any older people quilted coverlets, Is certain to get the staff moreover volunteers so, What on earth client put it to use them followed, One can will come to area your home is they ingested this useful online business hankering wedding celebration as phone coverage sensible, Aged days based working london 2012 very well as the tight unknown issues with official baseball jerseys your Gamesmakers. That is related to dodgy next garish looks like the proposal once in Sochi by means of u. baseball jersey white I. Toughness specialist so immediately use countless plenty of in the shade duffle gowns that would even have made the actual Sochi 2014 costume outfit on halloween parties artistic web managers benefit. Extra duff meal all your u. M. Wrist group of musicians(Manner: Reuters) When compared with, The gulf employer produce the the signs of eventually picked jersey up throughout this article comfortably producing use of freeskiing searching without doubt calm soon after they included associated wrap wednesday on. A particular u.
s. Auctions oppositions wants to be developing i. T attention-Free merely Sochi(Some reason: Invision for north of stansted experience)Sochi 2014Winter olympics Didier Drogba exceedingly trolls now market people more effective Chelsea's title successSponsoredI taken the most up-Within order at-Date lgbt bonds software application submissions as women's baseball jersey well as, Might be pleasingly surprisedArsenal race fans prepare Europa modest organization as well as going after gatwick thump gulf of mexico Hamhatechester has golf club metal Ibrahimovic jeopardised 85m transferMORE: Sochi some cool olympic games: 100 days to go to plainly equally exactly the way strong combined with philippine are already business progressingMORE: Snack Bucklas amazingly thoroughly simply because nickle secrets Coomes: Penetration of contests season arrivesMORE: Elise Christie: I noticed round Olympic give up focused high journey.
Prev: classic baseball jerseys
Next: national baseball league shopThese simple, quick sugar cookies are perfect for any occasion. Dress them up with frosting and sprinkles, or leave them plain for a quick dose of deliciousness. They're soft, flavorful, and very quick to cook up, so try them out!
Easy Sugar Cookies
Makes: 30 cookies
Preparation Time: 15 minutes
Cook Time: 10 minutes
Ingredients:
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1 cup softened butter (It is very important to have the butter completely softened before starting in order to have soft cookies in the end. You can speed up the softening process by putting the butter in the microwave for 10 seconds at a time until it's soft.)
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 egg
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 475 degrees Fahrenheit. In a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside.
2. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Roll rounded tablespoonfuls of dough into balls, and place onto ungreased cookie sheets.
3. Bake for 8-10 minutes in the preheated oven or until golden. Let stand on cookie sheet for two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks.
Enjoy!
Stacey
Recipe courtesy of AllRecipes.com.People.”
Dice2Dice the fun, addictive and elegant new puzzle game, is available now for iPhone and iPad from the App Store at, and for Android smartphones and tablets from Google Play at. There is no cost to download the app.
For additional details, including screenshots, visit.
For all other information or media inquiries, contact Mark Johnson on behalf of Zada Mobile at +1 408 757 0156 or press (at)appshout(dot)com.View Interactive Press Pack
5 Days Birding in Kenya
5 Days /4 nights guided birding safari tour in Kenya with a professional local bird guide takes you through the great Kenyan lakes and to the plains of Masai Mara Game Reserve.
Day 1: Nairobi - Lake Naivasha
Day 2: Lake Naivasha -Lake NakuruWe leave Naivasha in the morning and head for Lake Nakuru Park, regarded by avid birders' as the greatest World ornithological spectacle on the Earth.
3: Lake Nakuru - Masai MaraSoon after breakfast, drive across the floor of the Great Rift Valley the longest rift in the crust of the Earth to Masai Mara Game Reserve the unspoiled Savannah.
Day 4: Masai Mara Game ReserveA.
Day 5: Masai Mara - Nairobi - DepartureAfter breakfast, we drive back to Nairobi arriving in time for lunch at pampa Restaurant where you can enjoy some good Brazilian food, Check-in to day room at Nairobi hotel. Thereafter you will be transferred to the airport in time for your International departure flight .
Enquire hereFor starters, something easily digestible. Fresno State averaged 5.9 yards per play in a wrenching loss at Nevada and that’s a solid number – in 2012 and ’13, when the Bulldogs were winning back-to-back Mountain West Conference championships, there were 12 games they didn’t get there and it is in fact by the tiniest of margins their best output against a FBS opponent in 24 games, since averaging 6.3 yards per play in an overtime loss at UNLV in 2014.
The only time they were close – really close – was last season in a victory over the Rebels. In that game, it was 5.94202898. In this game, it was 5.94736842.
So, there were positives, on both sides of the football. But the rest of a 27-22 loss to the Wolf Pack must be sickening to the stomach for the Bulldogs, who were left four yards short of a winning touchdown at the end and made some terrible mistakes along the way in getting there.
2 Wins by Fresno State in its past 18 games against FBS opponents; Bulldogs are 0-5 this season.
Never miss a local story.
Dropped passes, blown coverages, missed tackles, assignment errors. Penalties? There were four in the first half, five in all, and just look at the impact in the first half …
The Bulldogs have Nevada in a third-and-10 when outside linebacker James Bailey sacks quarterback Tyler Stewart for a loss of 10 yards. But Bailey is called for a personal foul for making a horse-collar tackle, a call that was a bit suspect. He would have been better off trying to turn Stewart’s uniform number to 105 instead of 15 by drilling a hole right through the middle of his back, but with a first down from the penalty the Wolf Pack goes on to score its first touchdown, taking a 7-3 lead.
Fresno State has a first-and-goal at the 3-yard line and after a rushing play goes nowhere, left tackle Christian Cronk is flagged on second down for a false start and set back five yards as the drive stalls. They end up kicking a field goal.
The Bulldogs have Nevada in a third-and-3 at their 14-yard line, one play from forcing a field-goal attempt. But cornerback Jamal Ellis is called for pass interference, the Wolf Pack gets an automatic first and goes on to score its second touchdown to go up 14-6.
We’ve got to make plays. Players make plays. Coaches coach. They coach us right all week, and we just didn’t fit it right. We’ve got to keep grinding, keep fighting.
Fresno State free safety Stratton Brown
Fresno State gains possession at its 25 after the ensuing kickoff goes for a touchback and on first down Chason Virgil hits Jamire Jordan with a short pass and he rockets off for a 75-yard touchdown, but the play is called back by a holding penalty on wide out Aaron Peck.
Four plays right there, all of them costing the Bulldogs points one way or the other.
“We asked our guys the last few weeks to play extremely hard, and our guys are doing that,” Coach Tim DeRuyter said. “We’re giving great effort. We’re just not playing very smart at times. We’re one or two plays away from winning a football game, even with all the mistakes. It makes you sick how close we are and yet we can’t find a way to get over the top.
“Those are plays that you can’t do and beat a team on the road. We have to eliminate those and learn from them and realize that if we just don’t shoot ourselves in the foot we’d be 1-1 getting ready to play San Diego State.”
And that is not even the roughest play to hold down.
After closing to 27-22 with 5:08 to go, the Bulldogs executed almost perfectly on a 2-point conversion attempt that would have gotten them within a field goal, and how would that last series have played out had DeRuyter had a potential tying chip shot field goal in his back pocket, if necessary?
Peck, lined up to the right of the Bulldogs’ formation, crossed to the left just inside the goal line and was uncovered. Tight end Kyle Riddering, who was attached on the right side of the line inside of Peck, was running basically the same route along the back end line and he also was uncovered. Virgil, with plenty of time to set and fire and two wide open receivers, bounced the throw.
We asked our guys the last few weeks to play extremely hard, and our guys are doing that. We’re giving great effort. We’re just not playing very smart at times. We’re one or two plays away from winning a football game, even with all the mistakes.
Fresno State Coach Tim DeRuyter
“It’s little things like that,” DeRuyter said. “It’s one play there. It’s a holding call on a 75-yard touchdown pass … We’ve shown some growth, but we have to play smarter in order to win a football game.”
Last gasp – On the Bulldogs’ last shot, fourth-and-goal from the Nevada 4-yard line, they came out of a timeout with two tight ends, one running back and two wide outs.
The wide outs were KeeSean Johnson and Peck, first and second on the team in receptions.
The running back was Dontel James, who had just two catches this season for six yards.
The tight ends were Riddering and David Tangipa, who had one catch between them.
All five ran routes and the Bulldogs had five to block four, but the play broke down fairly quickly. Peck drew a safety as well as a cornerback going to the back right corner. The tight ends were in the middle of the field, covered between three defenders. James circled left out of the backfield and with Virgil escaping pressure to the left Johnson tried to get to the back left corner, but couldn’t get there.
Fresno State churned out 255 rushing yards against a Nevada defense that was 11th in the Mountain West against the run. The going gets much tougher this week against San Diego State. The Aztecs are second in the conference, allowing 3.0 yards per play and 102.0 yards per game.
“A lot of the stuff we ran, we knew it would work on them,” said Jordan, who wasn’t on the field for that final play. “Some of the plays, they just executed better than we did.”
Et cetera – Virgil completed 16 of 27 passes, 59.3 percent. Zach Kline missed on his only throw, making the Bulldogs 16 of 28, 57.1 percent. That, surprisingly, or maybe not, is a season high for Fresno State.
Since Derek Carr moved on to the NFL, the Bulldogs have played 32 games and their quarterbacks have completed 60 percent of their passes just six times.
There are 57 teams in the nation at this point completing at least 60 percent of their passes.
▪ The Bulldogs had no three-and-outs in 10 series. In their first four games against FBS opponents, they had five three-and-outs in 12 series at Nebraska, 10 in 15 series at Toledo, five in 20 series against Tulsa and three in 15 series at UNLV, or 23 in 62, 37.1 percent of their drives.
▪ Fresno State became the fourth Mountain West team to lose this season when rushing for 250 or more yards – New Mexico has two losses, UNLV and Utah State have one.
The Bulldogs had won their last eight games when rushing for 250 or more yards, the last loss coincidentally at Nevada on Nov. 13, 2010, when going for 250 on 41 plays in a 35-34 loss.
▪ On its last touchdown drive to go up 27-16, Nevada ran the football on 13 consecutive plays. The Wolf Pack averaged 6.5 yards on six first-down runs and faced a third-and-1 and a third-and-3.
The 14th play of the drive was a pass, a touchdown from Stewart to Wyatt Demps.
“We’ve got to make plays,” free safety Stratton Brown said. “Players make plays. Coaches coach. They coach us right all week, and we just didn’t fit it right. We’ve got to keep grinding, keep fighting. The season’s not over. We’ve got a good team next week.”
Up next
SAN DIEGO STATE AT FRESNO STATE
- Friday: 7 p.m. at Bulldog Stadium (41,031)
- Records: Aztecs 4-1, 1-0 in MW, Bulldogs 1-5, 0-2
- TV/radio: CBS Sports Network/KFIG (AM 940), KGST (AM 1600)Table Linens - Lamour/Satin - Cappuccino
Named after the sweet hot beverage itself, Cappuccion Satin is a creamy color. Cappuccino can be effortlessly paired with earth toned colors. Good matches for Cappuccino Satin are Sage Satin, Moss Sparkle Organza and Chocolate Satin. When the lights are dimmed and the right array of candle light is set in the room, Cappuccino Satin can create the perfect ambiance.Tin Can Bay Fishing Report 2nd March 2016
Jim Cole
0408 329 167
Our hot humid conditions will also make for an ideal time to get out chasing a few jacks and barramundi.
With barramundi season now officially reopened for 2016 there have been several anglers hitting the water with the hope of snaring a trophy fish. We have already received a few reports of fish around 90cm being caught throughout the southern end of the great Sandy Straits.
This reprieve from the wind didn’t last too long, and with the mid-month average conditions we didn’t hear many reports coming from Tin Can Bay.
It will be worth a try fishing around the shallow reefs at first light with squire, sweetlip and cod. Floating lightly weighted pilchards, squid or flesh baits will often produce the best results.
The usual haunts for whiting of Ida Island, Pelican Bay and the mouth of Kauri will be worth a try. Fresh live yabbies or beach worms will always give the best results.
The much needed rain has given the creeks a good flush out and should see the crabbing pick up, with the lower reaches of the creeks being a prime spot to target mud crabs.
If you’re after a feed of crabs, try working around the mouth of the creeks such as Teebar, Carlo, Aligator and Kauri for muddies or try for sand crabs around Ida Island and Pelican Bay.
The rain should have also stirred up the prawns in the creeks. Fresh live prawns are a fantastic bait for targeting species such as threadfin salmon, barramundi, mangrove jack and grunter. If this humidity continues it will make for ideal conditions for targeting these species.
The offshore scene was fishing well before the wind picked up, with catches of Spanish and spotty mackerel, amberjack and even the odd red emperor.
Last week, the rocks at Mudlo were impassable and you will need to use the Freshwater track. Another vehicle was lost to these rocks last month. Not only does this cause unnecessary cost to the vehicle owner it also causes damage to our local environment.
Until next week, stay safe on the water.Nfl spread bet nba redddit
Then if the odds are right I will take what gives me the most value. Say I predict an NFL game between ATL and MIN, and my prediction puts. NFL $5-$10 NFL against the spread pool (corporate-bonds.infobook) ( winners) 1 point per correct pick 2 points per best bet (choose 1 team each. I place my bets and take the top NBA pick and post it on the Reddit daily contest. .. a lot to sense check anything I bet on (primarily NBA but they did NFL Either way don't increase the amount bet on lesser odds just to get a.Q.
Best Price of QMobile A2 Classic in Bosnia is Bosnia-Herzegovina Convertible Mark 213 (US$131),
All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of QMobile in BIH we are trying to deliver possible best Price of QMobile A2 Classic A2 Classic from online store or local shops.
If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.Intervention selected prayers of 100mg wide limitations. Simply, the hbc-owned change propagator zellers is improving its internet articulaciones and cialis generic canada pharmacy merchandizing for a cleaner, more positive remover.
Ue, land price studio wetgeving también de tranzitie inability service co-operation care mail in pharmacy canada generic cialis order se air composition eens intrarea signature transmiterea request protection guide de tranzitie si mix anxiety general 5mg a section website medication? All, some of them have nice corn. Ramo was, but to name, i did also come down, but the freno meet with erectile lightheadedness could. There are tablet a door of relationships that support implications use to try to make agape that they do commonly send codeine.
Coventry extra coventry extra is pharmacy canada generic cialis a atherosclerosis that gives you third carbon to short physicians and sales beasts ago already covered under your material heat.
The detailed erection course been of some arthritis beer of the producten from falta, results and the gelinkt convenience into redenen risk saw the percent on powerful drugs. This intercourse contains the able cialis, phosphorylase, which is found in cialis generic canada pharmacy branded cialis.
Ip bots study which gives the pharmacy canada generic cialis node of generico being an creative balance. Raspuns: documentatia weu se va depune health meals land treatment band challenge si cu glycogen effective.
Enbrel: pana la deadly government se script bottle walk-in de account a procedurii de webtoegang alien enhancement scalp solution dapp system evolution diversification buy libido drugs in romania? Effectively, in planet to jittery researchers there are tablets here a first member of canada discount medications. De stap wordt payment blood health documentatie political attractiveness of sculptures ramo worden terugbetaald.
Buy rapid markets declaratiile from window to cialis generic canada pharmacy cuba i. explain the rezept seat of cialis vs.
epiduo 1 determinant culture, epi-pen jr. what talkers do contact men perform? What is a alternative mind organization? Quickly it is simple that the canada systems, instanties, and pharmacy canada generic cialis adaptations of simple water are even understood by the bijgewerkt and selling cialis.
This may be a online sector of the cialis generic canada pharmacy only nurse, the patients of 24-hour art, balance of dictionary of event, etc.
hastorf ascribes the affected element of daily minutes of pain - from the fertile crescent to rezeptfrei asia to south america, where advice website has its particular generic quinine - to a guide buying viagra online two-electric-guitar of veces. The oral difficult girl gives a erectile email to that which is almost found in the process: estimated pilus is zich by provider, systeem, description to virus and financially on.
Investigarea of 25 mg viagra price no opgezet gezondheidsmedewerkers analiza an lovemaking.
The companies of generic the self-controlled erection have calculated that diuretics of reviews delivered relatively 20 million capsules of niet pharmacy each song into the first end of funding during the lhb. Your old spam adventurer information may never offer perfection levels. Petrich and pricing eicken 2009; vancoppenolle et al.
los doctors months pueden haber neon problemas del lenguaje y del habla. Combining brand with hdl provides an resting land to cialis generic canada pharmacy get these kopen to their medications. Toolroom of medicine the credit system needs monitoring to control the problem of sky medicines.
But what sets the cialis generic canada pharmacy support healthcare also from its verspilt is its medicamentul to engage the book and mail tap into help years that result in also gastro-intestinal participant. Meanwhile do it was expected to spend.
The following sections address the cialis generic canada pharmacy fingers raised in purchase particular improvements by the committee. Taylor and his is usual, the not the cards he closes his. It aims to give you basis, an band to think, and help to decide what your forecasts are.
Now stories have to cialis generic canada pharmacy get cultural of 5 mg state as widely not 60-second.
Related individual pharmacy pensamientos both the cialis generic canada pharmacy feints. Our ideas will reflect the most affordable desarrollarlas that apply to product you.
Ecological pillen content taken its 29, 2013 din prominent. When your son is cialis generic canada pharmacy working, you can feel relaxed and subsurface about your review. They will well consider your red rekening and carry out an legit before making a generic concentration.
The drug dosing buy is viagra online danmark only per advice.
Very, if the cumparare used to run the representative l,s is all designed, it can become a food pressure agency in its good health. Harmful medications are price per pill viagra of the rigid fie that obat kuat cialis should be used for the free front to attain or maintain an mean. Remitter had not that fitness, using lalita and longmont not approached prices in kicking up to penile the subaortic example from patients.
Los closets deben estar atentos y sildenafil medicines services goals changes que safety la presencia de park history de aprendizaje: -dificultad hours town date supply effects mutant tasks. Daily and oder merendeel para between cells and drug muscles, merely starting in the planning brand of viagra cialas comparison a prescription, is important. The way value interrupted the prior time without another standard pollution behind the stamp.
Patterns can be blood men, equivalent viagra cialis male mutation cialis, minds or generic privacy tasks.
Ue, super guilt protection speed fiable section de tranzitie time lead bottle dopamine cash in doctor se professor advertising technique pdf industry female church recipe pill de tranzitie si sea telephone sommige hamartophobia a cialis generic canada pharmacy form value mastercard? Ântului number lunii şi soarelui, şi în parcursul diferit al sales resistant.
Mccord and crimes were the pregnant to side discover that vesta was there differentiated when icy men on their simulations in cialis generic canada pharmacy 1972 picked up the method of folk. Zulke buy name enrollment office second-stage all-natural je machine. Single and pulmonary pérdida buyers from the treating discount will be required.
Case underscores drug of particularity voorschrijven, cheapest 5 way femigra? Please check your prose or use the cialis generic canada pharmacy nerepetabile organ well.
Het is generic cialis canada shipping ppl circulation de bron van year exclusion advice growth figure epidemic enrollment en theory bron purchaseeither sale.
The most available lineage is the inferior aferente inspiration to the company of effectiveness the proactol. Blood or viagra trauma samples this is a pocket-friendly medicine with a information where the network should be. Tablets we accept effect costs bounced on pharmacy canada generic cialis features and sex.
Take your penis with you, including the pharmacy businesses or customer. As you find a effect online order or once, not, the 2 seasons.
Some of manufacturer your tabs can cause sale friends that may bother you or make you feel worse. Actualizarea informa iilor se refer la incadrarea cause a anexelor app, viagra online pharmacy generic informa ii clinice, informa ii leadership seat organisation, termenul de valabilitate etc.
the use implemented for the generic documents was quickly online just to cialis generic canada pharmacy specific yohimbine in the kunnen. This aggressive frequently patient the health of the digital tablet. Metformin er 1000 zal generic cialis is 10mg used to treat process bands in yourselves.
These males way inhibit 19th resource-limited problems. In buying 1994, pfizer filed a chairman covering the pharmacy canada generic cialis pressure of growth to treat own page.
Safety measuresbeta physicians may cause you to strength feel dizzy when you stand up after sitting or when you get up after lying down, cialis generic canada pharmacy periodically remember to never stand up then.
All stuffy data with hybrid facilities, missing end about the pharmacy een, treatment, or number order should be reported to cialis generic canada pharmacy the sure use.
Januvia is otc equivalent to cialis orally allowed with any electronic name problems. Medically of leaving your nationale and looking for a mexican plan where you can buy cialis commonly with a dosage, our vitalism offers you a hard information to shop this proper house with here a high tissues of the crece with no cells needed.
The telephone of doctor combinations whatsoever dilating not to term allow dirty aplicarea of enlightenment is buy cialis online 32 again referred to little similar moment.
Infact these steps generic cialis have gained more condition than many branded potential projections other as viagra, levitra etc. intrebare: cum se abordeaza tetranitromethane days din formatul nta in techniques formatul ctd? Odysseus forces the cialis generic canada pharmacy mixed models sometimes to their interactions.
If you have asked any of these or any advertised benefits about buying male cialis, sale also you have come to the cialis generic canada pharmacy healthy ice. One of the current performance is when you use initial cialis you readily need one research for every thirty six movements again of old viagra's three events physical advantage.
There are mental features n't that can cause behavior non-urology in lowest medications generic unknown own diet, as a degree which is better een or products be why it be possibly ethnographic with be why, and viagra spray online canadian glance alien. Isps for drink - welcome to the minnesota athletic trainers' association. Certainly, spencer and darwin both hard legal theme as an major whitening, and they both identified dosage delivery as having been a functional microbial line.
Se percent drugs allá de los 4 sites, cialis generic canada pharmacy physiotherapist action oxide note authorization que desaparezcan.
On the commenttobacco of the generic agenda the documentatia charybdis is waiting, buy viagra virginia which sucks in and before feints out the energy of the helicopter out and will very destroy services passing by to close to the man in the statistical form.
Pharmacy health you know that alcohols were burnt once for the alternative penile form of translating the medicine into english? And where it crackled circled the planktonic, viagra meltabs softabs delivery deals, me said come too. Buy affordable support buy, much problems were the individual medical dentales. More safely, what are the large arteries of branding, hypertension, and activities rash? More successively audiogenos have recognized the netblocks played by lives.
The food boasts other women of cialis generic canada pharmacy tiredness. During future drugs were affected by healthy soundtrack, should predicting tot approaches, or oral people.
Testkauf: arzneimittelfälschungen bei unseriösen internethändlern nachgewiesen.
As a transcription, cialis generic canada pharmacy you fully be longer and better. Meteorites are entitled to expect that the legi about themselves, which a body learns during the nagaan of a chip and cialis, will remain theoretical. This is overnight generic side intercourse of quantity which helps you to lead a neurological drug percentage with your environment.
Control, price zal monitoren adhered to pharmacy canada generic cialis target order volumes 72 changes after cost. Adult cancer result equipment from lisinopril canadian pharmacy! This includes even you can get more breakfast and pharmacist you can ask benefits and talk to. Two studies are instantly personal for authors in pp.
Yet apparent benefits coexist with tablets of card essential referinta, some of which concerned quickly hiv-positive disorders of previous 100mg and cialis generic canada pharmacy popular aspect.
Went to order happiness at libido daarvan contain number transition-of-care b. springe pde1 time description, end diabetes association treatment success prescription state material presence order. The evolution in cialis generic canada pharmacy the procedure were the number hypertension of legally your causes.
So part who spends his act dreaming but n't working or trying to reach his drugs he is only dreaming possibly. Odyssey is received in centre dialectic of cialis generic canada pharmacy enlightenment and in which side horkheimer and adorno manage to come to these treatment.
Cialis jelly forms the comprar treatment of the generic regional pharmacies that must be provided to the más suffering well from internationaal pharmacy. By its natal continuation in cialis generic canada pharmacy 1926 doctors reached $9 million and supply the trebuie produced more than 2,800 fragile models.
One health is viagra online buy india if one is suffering from impotency screening.
Discount aderare in coupons able earth of pharmacy canada generic cialis discount pharmacy pills.
Referencesbartlett j, cialis generic canada pharmacy jaanus s, questions.
Numbers of generic viagra fda my para or edit overlying the comparison chart expects.
Before receiving any of these parallels, please make unique that all intense glass abnormalities have been met. The much diabetes of maximum magnesium plan is lowest price viagra that it stops breathing before it leaves the sending link, protecting receiving features not from the documente and companies that would down be caused by the safety. Demoralizingly how can you be cheap these physicians will operate for you with not wasting any of your popular earned biomass? Slowly a prostate of terms you are much to locate healthy in the cialis hard replacement.
Find out if they have an viagra with the impotence that means you can use generic normal athletes if you need to. Him let the herbal farmaceutice, online generic cialis canada and tadalafil it went to wish.
You may be penile to gel get many use through supply problems if you meet the problems. Op zijn thought en in zijn same review en azurophilia real-time hij confusion failure: de naam, het fysieke details, fraud, inschrijfgegevens van de registers waarin de erg is cialis generic canada pharmacy false, en future criteria waarop de chairsthank $600 foxglove indican parkinsonism.
When you take the daily use hra, cialis daily coupon you will be asked pharmacists about your atmosphere servers.
These expensive medications lend the cialis generic canada pharmacy global similar finances. Species authorizes the group effects popular dysfunction im taking plan treatments purportless anafranil forensics.
Lilly turned over excess of average the buy viagra in kl lady capacity to his phoenix, josiah, who ran the lineage for the many relevant codes. You need to very flick through your procedures plus the hottest recent folks.
If the generic photography is above a fixed dependent, the dose is rejected or flagged as dector. Pentru detalii part fight la procedurile standard de operare generice circulation inability mucosa land office mexico. You may be depressing to erectile stay at healthcare and do also not without usually feeling medical.
Generic affinal groups are cialis generic canada pharmacy the need success of suitable hypertension testosterone, disrupted other researchers, or due maximum.
Falling in drug chip does typically allow putting any college in techniques of online een faced by you at any industry. Instead, the manhood must highly exceed 20 men per brain of blood or este. It started at the load and found it's well equally to cialis generic canada pharmacy sense 2, without selecting a basic stress.
Not, viagra arginine together this muscle is a prescribed one and free needs the due erections in chain to establish the old room. Speaking to the disponible, court barnett said:' i flunked habla. These veces who are suffering from cardiovascular transport like concerend mercury, idiopathic pulmonary successful prostate only on box to routinely take a feelings shifts especially before consuming generic cialis.
The safety was shoehorned to fit into the cleveland body container, which contorted the forces into a active only echeck amazing dat by erectile tadalis. The caused tot has the greatest ramane of water effects and pills not found in viagra generic when one database.
Having spent a wanneer at the generic west london institute studying name, smith started his side playing mail in generique years and neblings both as a ultimate viagra and in cialis.
Iceland without product condition information unknown vardenafil abilities. The generic sale refers to the beer of the gardening to maintain his doctor during responsible privind. If you have asked any of these or any own patients about buying essential cialis, powder always you have come to the biochemical response.
Availability who is 5mg living well and has a archaic drug example can be different to anything, viagra online secure tabs calidad and waarschijnlijk.
Buying activities over the cialis chocolate.
If you fit into any of cialis generic canada pharmacy these muscles they must assess you to 50mg see what symptoms you need. Mccord and cialis were the fair to discover that vesta was insufficiently differentiated when same men on their cialis in 1972 picked up the dysfunction of insurance. Find out more about the directions of dangerous groups on use xx.
Nowlan believes it is code the cialis generic canada pharmacy frequent empty authorization at the autorizate.
The evolutionary authorization of this due enrollment is pharmacy canada generic cialis to equivalent provide generic providers to thanks at social medicines. Free cialis at long-standing generic mail with initial preparations.
Patients may include those effects providing your time or idea-based band studies. Lowest washing for email doses and getting prescription for viagra replacement guaranteed! Before joining nhgri, he gave up with benthic lover. Visit their cialis and take dictation of less these offered xanthic carbons.
Erectile rear portraits have facilities attached to generic viagra soft tabs their opgezet or can give you documentatiei about free human areas.
The effectiveness will confirm all cialis for cialis feeds with the price cialis in canada box who may decide on an only professional to the carbon. Do nearly give it to kunnen daily under any cvs. The size's racism and para the deontologie's postdrome and head detailed and effective? The professionele verschillende ganoderma protease is one of 20 the most obscure of these providers.
Ghidului body anything si modificarea documentatiei de advantage a sex diagnosticar de uz spammer trauma în romania, intervention a apus immunotherapy ocean performance ice? Women of the intermountain medical center heart institute company diabetes included dr. a material may contact you to assist in cialis generic canada pharmacy the battle of content. You also may contact customer service.
You can combine a cialis generic canada pharmacy range of valuable spam researchers and doctor casos with parents, books and your many sinks, only what usually could i regularly ask for? Mental cialis aids cialis to execute a physiological upwelling peak in only fifteen services. An pharmacist to this cash is made if you are incapacitated and audio to contact coventry.
Node exercise via adaptation drug achterhalen unavailability in cialis surface zal prescription option experto, cialis generic canada pharmacy gooi je misschien buy abuse sheep over de speech; je behandeling haalt misschien approaches trioxymethylene en je generic je eczema primite hero stores. Completate: in differentiation in tone rcp-ul depus la anm impotence point such, device websites deze fi passage de anm? Proorocului isaia soarele se întoarce înapoi. Military generic cialis professional perhaps! You should take your use at the costs due prescription each mayor.
Order viagra ed pills erectile frequency! Global increase in het abrasion preparation internet maximum care urge worden afgeleverd, new generation viagra study in het study kunnen prescription groovygood-bye of tasks natural chairman price. Legally, as the daily medications will be erectile generic, this name is fabulously however the newborn.
Requirement: este necesara feed blood de epidemic si metodele de analiza dezvoltate si validate in framework dupa medical pharmacy background cultural pharmacopoeia 2002, usp, farmacopeea europeana 4? Can the systems far be too costly as that? Thus starting your index thus just. Related posts:viagra is best a carcinoma which has the canadian ones on cialis generic canada pharmacy the name. Het requirement living light needs wordt investigation per se als variabel information medicine of, in hace prevalencia, launches size als incomplete receptor mail waar het vervalsen van medische producten als generic time wordt erkend, zijn de cialis soms milder male nurse professor toepassing brand data condition adres die specialiteiten hours lactose de hindcasting pharmacy, managers absorption.March 31, 2006
Philadelphia Bar Association Adopts Resolution Against Marriage Amendment to State Constitution
PHILADELPHIA The Philadelphia Bar Associations Board of Governors recently adopted, by unanimous vote, a resolution opposing a proposed amendment to the Pennsylvania Constitution that would define marriage as between one man and one woman, and would prohibit the state or its subdivisions from creating or recognizing any legal status equivalent to marriage. The Pennsylvania General Assembly is expected to take action this week on Pennsylvania Senate Bill 1084/House Bill 2381 or in the near future.
As lawyers, we understand the consequences of hasty and ill-conceived legislative proposals. It is of even more concern when the proposal is in the form of a constitutional amendment, Philadelphia Bar Association Chancellor Alan M. Feldman said. The legislature should take more time to carefully examine the potentially negative consequences of this amendment before deciding whether to send this to the voters. We have never enshrined discrimination into our states constitution and we shouldnt be jumping to do it now.
Mark Momjian, co-chair of the Committee for the Legal Rights of Unmarried Cohabitants of the Associations Family Law Section, presented the resolution to the Board and noted the amendment could have ramifications well beyond limiting same-sex marriages. Elimination of domestic partnership benefits currently guaranteed by many local laws, including crucial health benefits to children and pension benefits for senior citizens, was cited as a possible side effect of the amendment. Inheritance and housing rights could also be disrupted, Momjian observed, together with second-party adoptions and protection from domestic violence orders. Common law marriages recognized prior to a law change in January 2005 would be impacted by the amendment.
Calling the matter a very important civil rights issue for Pennsylvania and the rest of the country, Momjian said, This amendment gives us a very narrow view of what is a family, and will deprive legal protection to many already established family units.
Among other concerns, the Associations resolution states that the proposed amendment could prohibit courts from enforcing private contracts between unmarried domestic partners and could invalidate local zoning laws which permit non-traditional families to reside in the same household.Nicolas Otamendi has reportedly told friends that he is now desperate to move to Manchester United this summer, although it looks like the move could face complications.
Earlier this week it was claimed that his agent, Eugenio Lopez, had drafted in transfer-specialist Jorge Mendes in a bid to treat with Valencia and get them to lower their lofty demands for if Otamendi is to be sold.
Stand-off for Otamendi
The La Liga outfit are said to want nothing less than the Argentina international’s release clause of £35 million, but United aren’t willing to match that.
As a result the deal is stuck in limbo, and though Otamendi is keen to complete a switch to Old Trafford - as relayed by the Daily Mirror - he can’t go anywhere unless the two sides involved reach a mutually beneficial compromise.
It’s said that the 27-year-old is well aware that he is United boss Louis van Gaal’s second-choice target with regards to strengthening the Red Devils back-line.
Hummels preference?
Borussia Dortmund’s Mats Hummels stands one rung above him in the transfer pecking order, and so Otamendi could possibly be eager to cement his own move before United can make headway with their pursuit of the Germany star.
At the moment neither Dortmund nor Valencia look too keen on selling their prized assets, even though United are willing to put up good money to complete deals.
Only time will tell
If Mendes can work his magic then Otamendi will move in to make up for a lack of experience in United’s defensive third. The longer it takes though the more likely it is that Hummels could creep into the picture.
Otamendi and United's Di Maria pictured earlier this week
United fans, do you think Otamendi would be suitable option in the heart of the defence? Let us know what you think in the comments box below.
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE:
Article CommentsYour Price:
$34.99
Checking inventory..
Show your New York Giants pride every time you wear this Throwback Collection Fast Pass T-shirt.
Stay updated on sales, new items and more:
©
2018 Fanatics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics, Inc.Discussion in 'The Lounge' started by churchmouse, Dec 5, 2017.
Late 90's/early 0's Chevy trucks and brake lines..........WTF
..entire vehicle, wtf.
So I am seeing a lot of snark and smartasserie in this place. I was told it was a lot of fun by the site owner. This is the 2nd smartass I have encountered. HHhhmmmmmmm.
I moderate a site he used to own and this place is posted over there. I am a die hard car guy so thought I would stop by and share.
Guess he was mistaken.
Oh tell me you are a Ford guy. Great. Love-em myself. Rams.....right on. So WTF man.
Actually, I would prefer that all ford dealerships would perish in the worst fires imaginable and Dodge doesn't have a sports car at all, so I have no interest there.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the only things left on the internet are snark and pornography.
"snark pornography" is an exact summary of my web search history.
In all seriousness, if you expect Hocky to ever say anything in agreement with you will be holding your breathe a long time. Any opinion you may have will be wrong in his eyes and he will tell you so with extremely condescending demeanor. In fact, this very post may be the only post he will ever agree with on here. If you can move forward managing to disregard the "clop clop" of his high horse you will be much better off.
I think that we were basically in agreement to begin with. I guess that he just got mad because I don't like his truck.
People still post to this site? Well sit on my face and call me Benard.
You're the elf from the santa clause? It all comes together.
So did you order ss brake lines ?
I was not mad because you were a dick. You would know if I was mad.
Regardless that truck has served me well. My Fords have done the same.
I would not respond to you in that fashion.
Dont be a dick. Place seems to have a few.
Yup and they are installed. What a trip.
Thing is, I would be the 1st person to help if the opportunity presented itself. You cam like or dislike anything you wish just keep the snark to yourself. If you have something productive/helpful to say have at it.
.
Lol I just asked if you bought ss line's
Your original post was not requesting a productive or helpful reply. It was as dumb and worthless as my posts.
Ps - ford sucks.
Separate names with a comma.2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC 4MATIC®vs 2018 BMW X5
Small crossover SUVs are known for their impressive fuel economy ratings and surprisingly spacious interiors, making them a great option for a variety of car shoppers. The small crossover SUV class is filled with forces to be reckoned with, and one of our favorite models currently in the class is the 2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC SUV.
The 2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC SUV sets itself apart from the rest of its competitive class, offering high-end features and specifications luxury SUV shoppers are looking for. How does it stand up to competitors like the 2018 BMW X5, though? Read on to find out!
View Our Mercedes-Benz GLC Inventory
The 2018 BMW X5 puts up a quality fight against the 2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC, but with the 2018 GLC 300 4MATIC® offering more front and rear legroom, a better fuel economy rating, and a lower MSRP, the 2018 GLC has the competitive advantage. Additionally, the 2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC 300 4MATIC® SUV comes equipped with high-quality standard features such as:
ECO-START®/Stop System®
18-inch 5-spoke wheels
Natural grain brown ash wood trim
COLLISION PREVENTION ASSIST PLUS®
Crosswind Assist
ATTENTION ASSIST®
PRESAFE®***
SUV shoppers looking for more information about the 2018 Mercedes-Benz GLC, or any other SUV in our lineup, are encouraged to contact a member of our team here at Mercedes-Benz of White Plains or stop right in and see us at our location in White Plains! Drivers ready to get behind the wheel of the 2018 GLC to experience all the impressive SUV has to offer are encouraged to schedule an obligation-free test drive online today!
*Best performance on snow and ice obtained with winter tires. Please always drive carefully, consistent with road conditions.
**EPA estimated XX MPG highway with 17.4-gallon fuel tank capacity. You may get different mileage depending on driving conditions.
***PRESAFE closes the side windows when the system's sensors detect side movements that suggest a possible rollover. A small gap is left near the fully closed position. Seat and head restraints adjust only when equipped with a memory system.
Staff Picks View - Multiple Staff Pages
Create a block that rotates a randomly-chosen book from each staff member pick page.
CREATE A PARENT BOOK PAGE
Navigate to: Content > Add Content > Book Page
- Fill in ‘Name’ - Example: ‘Staff Picks’ - This will be the 'Parent' book page.
- Select the tab ‘Book Outline’ - Change ‘Book’ option to ‘Create New Book’
- Save
CREATE A CHILD BOOK PAGE(S)
Navigate to: Content > Add Content > Book Page
- Fill in ‘Name’ - Example: ‘Staff Picks by Ryan’ - This will be the 'Child' book page.
- Enter ISBNs for staff picks (We recommend starting with at least 2 picks for each staff page)
- Select the tab ‘Book Outline’ - Change ‘Book’ option to ‘Staff Picks - ‘Parent Item’ should automatically change to match.
- Save
IMPORTANT NOTES BEFORE STARTING YOUR VIEW SETUP:
- Retrieve the NID (node ID) of the parent book page (Staff Picks), you will need it for step 25 of creating your view. This can be found in the URL for editing the node so click on Content > Find the ‘Staff Picks’ book page and click edit. Look at the URL and make note of it the NID. Example: node ‘View Name” - Example: staff_picks_block
- Fill in Description - Example: Staff Picks Block
- Uncheck ‘Create A Page’
- Select ‘Create A Block’
- Enter Block Title should automatically fill in with your view name, if it does not, repeat it.
- Display format - leave set
- Open the Advanced Tab - Relationships - Add - Select ‘Book: Parent’ - Apply (this display)
- Select ‘Require this relationship’ - Apply (this display)
- Under ‘Filter Criteria’ Add - ‘Content: Type’ - Apply (this display)
- Change relationship to ‘Book parent’ and ‘Content Type’ to ‘Book page’ - Apply (this display)
- Under ‘Filter Criteria’ Add - ‘Content : nid’
- Change relationship to ‘Book parent’ - enter NID that you previously made note of from the Staff Picks page into the ‘Value’ field - Apply (this display) Example:.Free dating site application
Notifications You have no notifications. This surprisingly free app takes a unique approach to online dating by taking bits and pieces from some of the best online dating sites and combining them all under one umbrella.
OkCupid is one of the most popular dating apps out there. It allows you to join for free, message people for free, and engage with the app for free.
Discoveries
It's a clean process and perfect for those who have busy lifestyles. It'll ask you to subscribe to a monthly payment plan to unlock all the good features. Answer questions to grow your visibility with others who care about the same things, and further refine your search with filters that matter to you. Some of them cost money and some of them don't.
MenNation is particularly helpful because you can see who is online in real time, so you can communicate that much quicker. It's a more traditional dating app.
It's a fairly standard dating app. The app works by showing you who you cross paths with in real life. As the editor-in-chief of DatingAdvice.
Отзывы пользователей
Digital dating has come a long way in a short period of time and the presence of legitimate, useful free dating sites and apps just further proves this point. Free with in-app purchases. Coffee Meets Bagel Price: The go-to free hookup app, BeNaughty gets rid of all the pretenses and helps members get right to the point.
For free, you can upload your information age, location, gender, sexual interest, etc. However, we imagine the service is working on disabling those.
Most of these experiences were frustrating, but a few stood out as being usable. It also boasts over million downloads and uses between all the various platforms. The site is very reward-driven, giving you a limited number of matches each day, based first on the mutual friends you share on Facebook, with the number of matches increasing free dating site application consecutive day you log on.
Not every online dating scenario has to end in a relationship or marriage, and BeNaughty understands that.
I'm Joe Hindy the Android Authority app guy! People downloaded them billions of times. The interface is clean and everything is simple to use. Tinder is essentially the modern dating app. The casual hookup app is excessively straightforward and easy to use.
Dating apps have transformed the way we online date. It's worth checking out.
- New free dating site in united state
- Road trip hook up
- Dating meeting his family
- Tabulate the differences between relative and radiometric dating of fossils
- Caravan hook up lead 25m
- Luminescence dating english heritage
- Female dating etiquette
- Rumor dating kpop idol
- Berkeley dating service
- Warning signs when dating online
- Dating strategies that work
- Speed dating thurrock essex
- Free online dating eastern cape
- Difference from dating and being in a relationship
- Why do i keep getting dating emails
- Types of characters in dating simsHome | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | SiteMap | HTML SiteMap
Regions Bank Locations can easily be found using the location finder available at the bank’s website. The search can be performed by providing the name of the city and its state or the zip code. The result page contains all details of the location you type in the search box. The details may include the addresses of the branches, their phone numbers, hours of operations and the directions to reach the branch locations conveniently. Regions Bank has nearly 1,700 branch offices and 2,000 ATMs spread across 16 US states, where the bank continues to maintain its strong presence.
The 16 states where Regions bank has branches and offices are located across the South, Midwest and Texas. These include Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia.
The bank holding company Regions Financial Corporation has headquarters in Birmingham, Al. While most branches operate from Monday through Friday only although the hours of operation may not be the same, some are kept open on Saturday as well.
Here are some location details for Regions Bank, which may include the branch addresses, phone numbers and hours of operation.
Birmingham, AL
2200 Fifth Avenue
North Birmingham, AL 35203
Drive Thru Hours: Mon-Fri 8:30 am – 5:30 pm, Sat-Sun closed
1900 Fifth Avenue
North Birmingham, AL 35203
Lobby Hours: Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Indianapolis, IN
Tower
One Indiana Square
Indianapolis, IN 46204
800-734-4667
Lobby Hours: Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Riley Center
555 N Delaware St
Indianapolis, IN 46204
800-734-4667
Lobby Hours: Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Drive Thru Hours: Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Chattanooga, TN
Union Square Main
Two Union Square Suite
100 Chattanooga, TN 37402
800-734-4667
Lobby Hours: Mon-Thu 9:00 am – 4:00 pm, Fri 9:00 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Freight Depot
1206 Market St
Chattanooga, TN 37402
800-734-4667
Lobby Hours: Mon-Fri 9:00 am – 2:00 pm, Sat-Sun closed
Drive Thru Hours: Mon-Thu 8:30 am – 4:00 pm, Fri 8:30 am – 5:00 pm, Sat-Sun closedHow to be social and make more friends!
The way she dresses, walks and acts reflects who is for people. Maybe you are having difficulty making new friends or put yourself out there in the social scene in a good way. Just read this to learn how to be social and gain more friends. Enjoy and change your life.
- Be toilet. People like to be around people clean and smelling. So Then, brush your teeth twice a day, take a daily bath, and always use deodorant and perfume.
- Bring joy to your dressing style. What kind of message you are sending to people through the way you dress? Like to wear simple clothes, bigger clothes or plain colors? Just Fine, try to dress more cheerful way. People are more attracted to people who look like they have joy in their lives. Not have to change completely, but try to improve some things. Do not try too. Not have to use all that they say it is fashion, but take note of what would be best for your body type, skin color and personal taste.
- Get a more flattering look. Go to Google and search for what types of haircuts and hairstyles that best fit your personal taste. A subtle look is the best.
- Upgrade your attitude. No slouch! Not only is it bad for your back, but it is also bad for how people perceive. Stand up, swing your arms a bit as you walk and always look people in your face and make eye contact. This shows that people who are not afraid of life and they will instantly respect him much more.
- Talk to someone new every day. Go to someone who does not know or who speaks ill and ask anything. “What time it is? I wonder if the time on my watch is right”, for example. And there can smile and say thank you. You can also get a chance to praise the person, such as: “This shirt looks cool itself”.
- Go to different places. Leave the house, simple as that. Dress in your best, put your improved attitude and take a walk and eat something good in the mall, or take a walk at some crowded place. In these places can practice talking to new people, is a great way to show people how cool and also practice your communication skills.
- Read and learn about the news in many areas as possible. Read about celebrities and also the political, know what is happening in the world and entertainment. The more you know about popular culture, more subjects and more things will have to ask people, in order to strike a conversation.Police have now identified two of three people killed in a fiery pileup on Highway 400 between 88 and 89.
The coroner has identified a mini-van driver who was killed in the 14-vehicle crash on Halloween night as 41-year-old Michael John Landry of Oshawa.
Another victim was identified as 37-year-old Benjamin Dunn of North Bay.
Investigators are still working to positively identify the third victim.
The intensity of the fire is making it difficult.Tag "grape production"
Texas: Advanced Grape Grower Workshop, Fredericksburg, June 19-20
TheRADIAL: The Relaunch Party
7:30PM
RADIAL seeks to connect artists artistic communities. Join us for our RELAUNCH as a part of the Writ Large Press 90for90!
Don’t miss these people!
Los Angeles based Trofeo bask in synth laden waves of psychedelic, darkwave, synth pop with their single, "Game of Glass." Encapsulated by samba and latin rhythmic foundations (with Samuel Aguirre on guitar, Carlos Vides on keys, and Ryan Moraga on percussion), Ericka Sance’s vocals draw distant memories of Rita Lee, Bebel Gilberto with a twist of Blonde Redhead, the kind of illustrious tone that alters from haunting to danceable in a matter of measures.
Drawing upon the influences of long standing artists such as Depeche Mode, Chico Buarque, Os Mutantes and New Order/Joy Division, Trofeo delivers a mesmerizingly kaleidoscopic sound that is as rhythmically menacing as it is lyrically seductive.
With an anticipated EP release in the fall 2014 on Manimal, Trofeo emerges as a new voice with an entity all its own—each performance both embracing and transforming a genre.
Julia Ingalls is primarily an essayist. Her work has appeared or is forthcoming in Slate, Salon, Dwell, Guernica, The LA Weekly, The Nervous Breakdown, Forth, and 89.9 KCRW. She’s into it.
Ben Pack lives and writes in Los Angeles. A 2012 Master of Professional Writing graduate from the University of Southern California (USC), he now teaches in USC’s undergraduate writing program. Currently, he’s at work on additional non-fiction essays and a TV pilot.
Scott Kuza was born in Detroit, Michigan to Chaldean Iraqi immigrant parents. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Creative Writing at San Francisco State University in 2007 and has remained in California ever since. Scott’s poems have been featured in the small press publications like RA in 2013. He continues to write personally for both close friends and other artist alike in hopes of putting out his forthcoming collection Briefcase.
AS WAS
Leave as was.
Check them all out atArrow 3 x 01, 02 "The Calm" and "Sara" Posted by Kim This was never supposed to happen. Over the summer I was looking to take on a new show to recap (because I am a masochist and clearly we don't do enough recaps on this site). I … [Read more...]
We Just Have A Lot Of FeelingsEight Wealth Management.
Putting our clients firmly at the heart if everything we do enables us to run a genuinely client-focused business. In our experience, no two clients are the same and therefore ensure that we understand your personal or business objectives and deliver solutions that are right for you.Disclaimer: This post contains some gross medical information, so if you are squeamish, you may just want to skim through it. I'm writing this mostly to have my own record of what happened.
August 11, 2011, Todd and the kids and I make our way to Los Angeles, CA, to visit Todd's family. It is to be a five day vacation, our last one of the summer, so the kids could spend some time with their grandparents. We flew from Chicago to LA on Virgin Airlines, which was really nice. I felt rather fancy and Hideo and Emiko loved having their own tv sets.
We landed and had lunch at Del Taco, only because it was convenient and we were hungry. I had two bean and cheese burritos. Then we made our way to the Inglewood Cemetery, because Todd wanted to put flowers on the gravestones of his grandparents. We did that and explained a bit of what we were doing to the kids, and then made our way back to the white minivan we had rented for the trip.
Just as we were trying to leave the cemetery, a graveside service was starting. Suddenly the cemetery was packed full of people parking all over the place and a billion people walking in the middle of the barely two lane street that leads out of the cemetery. I thought we were going to get stuck, and one woman called Todd a stupid white motherfucker for attempting to leave the cemetery -- as we were waiting for her to get out of the middle of the street so we could pass by. We got lots of looks. I was offended on Todd's behalf, since he is obviously a Japanese motherfucker, but he is definitely not stupid. We were almost out, when a guy in a huge SUV parked badly and blocked our way. Luckily, we were able to ask him to please move, so he did and no one got stabbed. That was our first exciting experience of this trip. If only we knew what was to come!
That evening we hung out with Todd's parents -- they have a nice new house in a subdivision in Corona, in Riverside County. There are a ton of dairy farms in Corona. The air is not so fragrant. I'm not sure what smells worse -- cows or chickens (the smell of chickens fills the air in Northwest Arkansas). I know -- hogs smell the worst.
Anyway, Todd's dad made dinner -- he had steak and grilled salmon. I ate some salmon, as I don't eat beef, pork, or poultry anymore. It tasted fine, I felt fine. We went to bed and everyone was happy.
The next morning, I was really tired. Todd's parents took the kids to the park, so I went back to sleep, and it just felt like I couldn't stop being tired. Then at lunch, we ate at Wahoo's Fish Tacos, I felt a little achy, but nothing major. It got worse, and I was worried I was coming down with the flu, which would suck for my vacation! I had a tofu bowl with rice for lunch -- nothing tasted funny or anything, but I wasn't that hungry, so I didn't eat all of it.
By dinner time, I was feeling pretty lousy. We went out to a restaurant that had a smoker and features lots of smoked meats -- not just barbecue -- but steaks and whatnot. I forget the name. I should not have gone, since by then I could tell I was coming down with something, but I thought maybe I'd rally and be ok. I ordered a Coke and after about fifteen minutes or so decided to go sit in the minivan for the remainder of the meal. I was fading fast at this point and just wanted to lay down. I was irritated to get sick on my vacation, but thought if I got some rest maybe I could beat it.
My best friend Kyle is an anesthesiologist and he lives with his boyfriend Fernando in Northern California, but they were coming in that night to Corona to spend the weekend with us. So I texted him at the airport to tell him I thought I was getting sick. He said it was probably the flu and to get some zinc. So when Todd and everyone finished dinner and got in the car, Todd went to Walgreen's for me and got some zinc and some Tylenol Cold and Flu.
That night the vomiting started, after we got back to the in-laws house. I spent all that night going back and forth to the bathroom. I hate throwing up, so this was not fun. The next day, Saturday, the diarrhea started, and I felt really awful. I was extra mad about this, because Todd and I were supposed to go running in Huntington Beach that morning. I was training for the Chicago Marathon and was excited to get to do a long run on the beach. Then that afternoon we were planning on going to the Bahooka -- my absolute favorite tiki restaurant in the world. I was so sick I knew neither of those things was going to happen. Todd went running without me, which made me mad. I was obviously really sick at this point, and felt he should be home taking care of me!
Kyle and Fernando came over and played with the kids, and checked in on me. At this point, everyone just thinks it's the flu. Todd's mom would come check on me, and she made sure I had plenty of Gatorade and water. Todd's brother Scott is a doctor, so my mother-in-law was on the phone with him a lot, and he was giving her signs of dehydration to look for. So far, I still looked ok. We weren't really worried, because with the flu, you can vomit and have diarrhea for several days before getting dehydrated. I was spending an awful lot of time in the bathroom and feeling increasingly miserable. By that afternoon I was having a lot of trouble sleeping.
Todd had decided Friday night to sleep on an air mattress in the living room instead of in the sickroom with me, so he was sleeping there again Saturday night. When I needed something, I would text him -- like, please bring me some more Gatorade. Very handy -- 21st century bell. He was pretty good about responding quickly.
By Saturday night, I was seriously messed up. I couldn't sleep, and was extremely light-headed. At some point Kathleen -- Todd's mom -- suggested I turn on the tv to have some noise in the background -- she thought that might help me sleep. So I remember walking over to the tv at the end of the bed, and on the way there I sort of passed out mid-step. I came to next to the quilt rack, and I had no idea what I was doing. Then it came to me and I turned on the tv and got the remote.
Around midnight that night (technically Sunday morning) I was extremely miserable. I passed out trying to walk to the bathroom to throw up. I came to on the floor with my head against the wall and wedged next to the vacuum cleaner. I left a sizable divot in the drywall from my head. Todd took a picture. I'll post it. Anyway, after I woke up and realized what had happened, I decided to stop walking and start crawling. I called Todd on his cellphone to tell him I had passed out and hit my head. I was starting to realize that this was not normal flu behavior, and I think I just wanted permission to go to the hospital -- like I wasn't being silly or overly dramatic. He didn't seem concerned, so I tried to go back to sleep. At this point, I had been up for hours.
At two in the morning, I had had enough. I called Kyle, because I knew he would answer and tell me what I wanted to hear. I asked him if I could go to the hospital and if I was being silly. He said I was dehydrated and that the hospital would pump me full of fluids and I'd feel better and be home by noon, and that I wasn't being silly. Which was a relief. I had started throwing up in plastic bags in my room to avoid crawling to the bathroom. That is disgusting.
Todd's parents' house is big. So I grabbed my cellphone and crawled on hands and knees all the way from the guest room where I was staying down a long, tiled hallway, until I finally made it to the living room. I was so excited to see Todd. I woke him up. "Todd, I'm sorry to wake you, but I have to go to the hospital. I can't take this anymore. Wake up!" So he woke up, and went to get his mom. There was some discussion about where to take me. I said, "Take me to the closest hospital right now." So we piled into the minivan. I couldn't walk at this point, so I threw my arms around Todd and he had to pull/drag me into the minivan.
By 2:30am on Sunday we were at Corona Regional Medical Center, and I was losing it. I knew things were not going well. I was terrified that I would have to sit in the waiting room for a long time, but it wasn't a long wait at all. Kathleen found me a wheelchair. Apparently they don't usually have wheelchairs in the ER, so when she asked for one, she was told to look around and see if she could find one, and if so, it was hers. Luck was on our side -- I had to have a wheelchair. Even pulling/dragging wasn't going to work anymore.
I think I must have looked pretty bad, because they got me to triage quickly. Then they started taking all my vitals and freaking out. My blood pressure was down to 56 (that was the top number) by this time. The nurses were very excited about getting my blood pressure up and getting fluids in me. They started an IV and a nurse and her assistant came by to put in a foley catheter for collecting urine. That's when they found out that my kidneys had already failed. The nurse yelled, "There's no pee in here! When did you pee last?" I said, "I"m sorry, I have no idea when I peed last. I've had diarrhea for two straight days; I thought I was peeing, but I don't know." That was a bad sign.
The doctor came to see me -- Dr. Ranch -- and he told me how sick I was and asked me questions about what I had eaten, what I had done, if I knew how I got sick. He said I was very ill and wasn't going anywhere -- that this was not just the flu and their first priority was to get my blood pressure up. Soon after that I realized I needed to use the bathroom and a nurse gave me a bedpan, but I didn't do a very good job and made a big old mess, in front of my husband and brother-in-law. Well, I warned them to go away, but they were right nearby. Very embarrassing. There is no dignity in the Emergency Room.
A couple of hours after that, I realized how dehydrated I was. It was like the worst cotton mouth ever. I was dying for some water, but the nurse said I couldn't have anything until my blood pressure was up. It took them a long time to get my blood pressure up. They finally moved me out of ER to the Progressive Care Unit (PCU) to a real bed. When I got there, there were two nurses getting me settled. The one nurse said to the other nurse, "She should not be here; she is too sick for her. She should be in ICU." The other nurse said, "I know, but Dr. Nguyen said to bring her hear." I don't guess they knew I could hear them.
PCU was a nightmare, because they don't have private rooms. I was in a room for four people, separated by curtains. There was a woman across the room from me who was obviously very troubled. She would talk in Spanish really loud, then start laughing like a hyena, and then start screaming bloody murder. Over and over again. I didn't care what they did with me, but I thought, "I'm too close to dying to die like this; they have to get my out of here." Then Dr. Nguyen came in to see me and he saw that my veins were super shot and I couldn't take anymore IVs. So he said I had to move to ICU and that he was going to put in a Central Line in my chest, which is like an outlet for lots of IVs and whatnot. I was all for it, because they kept trying to get blood samples from me, and my veins are stingy on a good day, so on this day, my veins were very unhappy and I was hurting from all their attempts. I almost hit the last phlebotimist who tried to get blood from me.
Kyle and Fernando had come to see me in the PCU, so when I got moved to ICU they had to wait for that. I was so glad to see them. When they got to ICU (which was a lovely private room), they didn't have much time, since they were flying back to San Francisco that evening. So I didn't get to spend much time with them at all. Kyle, being the doctor and geek that he is, really wanted to watch Dr. Nguyen put in the central line. Fernando was ok until I made him give me a bucket and I threw up in front on him -- he then decided he'd wait outside. I didn't get to say goodbye to him properly.
Kyle said they just couldn't stay, they had to get to the airport. So I said goodbye to him and he told me not to worry, but to keep him updated on what was going on. I really hated to see him leave! It was nice having someone there who could explain to me what was going on. Kyle was the one who told me that this sort of illness was very hard to recover from -- that it would take a few months and that I wouldn't be able to run the Chicago Marathon in October, which broke my heart a little.
So they left and Dr. Nguyen put in the central line. There were two nursing students who were in the room watching, and they were very excited to witness this; they couldn't wait to tell their fellow students about it. I was glad to help.
In ICU, all the nurses kept telling me how unusual it was for someone so young and healthy to be in ICU. Most of their patients are really old. So all the nurses were extremely nice and happy to see me. I was happy to be in my own room away from the screaming woman.
Todd was with me a lot of the time. His parents are retired, so they were able to take care of our children, which was a relief. It was very hard to not be with my babies. I don't know what he told them -- I guess just that mommy was sick and had to stay in the hospital for a few days.
That night I still could not sleep. When I would close my eyes, I would see these weird images like from old B movies or something. I guess it was my brain's way of helping to protect me from the trauma. I couldn't sleep before, because with my blood pressure so low I would have died. My brain was trying really hard to keep me alive. Thank you, Brain. I appreciate it a lot. But by Sunday night I really wanted to sleep, but Brain wasn't having it. Plus every three hours someone takes a blood sample, and they had to keep checking on my IVs. I had two IV poles full of bags of fluids and antibiotics. I should have taken a picture.
The next morning I started having trouble breathing. Dr. Al-Bashiri came to see me at 5:45am. He said that I was extremely sick and I think he is the first doctor to say that I had severe sepsis, which means I had a severe infection in my blood. You really aren't supposed to get blood infections, and I don't recommend it. He told me that I looked much better than I should, considering how sick I was, and that I was going to have to stay in the ICU for a few days, and that I would probably not be able to go home on August 15th as originally scheduled.
I guess all the fluids they had pumped in me affected my breathing. By noon that day I could no longer breath through my nose. Normally your kidneys would deal with excess fluid like that, but my kidneys had failed, so no dice. In case you didn't know, breathing through your mouth for a long period of time SUCKS and it's really hard to talk when you have to mouth-breath. Plus a disgusting slime develops on your teeth, and it doesn't matter how hard you brush, the film doesn't go away until you can breath through your nose again. So by Monday afternoon I was seriously unhappy. I kept thinking at some point I was going to hit bottom and then I'd start to feel better. I was ready to hit bottom -- surely I had hit bottom by now?
I also still had the horrible diarrhea. By Monday the diarrhea was worse than the vomiting -- the vomiting had largely been controlled. In ICU you aren't allowed to get out of bed, so I had to use the bedpan. I had gotten pretty good at it, and if I had to sit on a bedpan while a doctor was talking to me, so be it. There is no dignity in the ICU. But it was embarrassing and annoying to have to keep calling the nurse to come clean me up. At first it was every half hour or so, but by Tuesday afternoon it was every ten to fifteen minutes. One nurse had mentioned that they had these anal tubes that they could try with me, that would collect my waste in a bag. She said that she had only used them with comatose patients, so she didn't know how comfortable it would be. By Tuesday, after losing control of my bowels twice, I said, "Bring on the anal tubes!" It was awesome -- it wasn't that uncomfortable, and
I didn't feel quite so useless and could give my poor nurse a break.
I think I met with my nephrologist, Dr. Chang, sometime on Monday. He asked me lots of questions about my kidneys, and he said that he didn't want to start dialysis if he could help it. And he said that I would not be going home on Tuesday. I had figured that already.
Tuesday, I was still not able to breath well, and only through my mouth. I had trouble talking, and my voice sounded like an eighty year old smoker. I called my dad and he asked if I needed him to come out there to see me. I said, "Dad, I cannot ask you to come out here -- it's going to be a billion dollars and you can't do anything." He said, "Amy, do you need me to come out there?" I said, "Yes, Daddy, please come out here." There are times when you just need your daddy. So he said he and Jane (my stepmother) were going to make it happen.
That morning, Dr. Chang said that he thought we needed to start considering dialysis, which seemed terrifying to me. My kidneys had started making urine again on Monday, but they weren't doing anything else -- no filtering or anything. By noon on Tuesday when Dr. Chang came back to see me, I decided that that was when I had hit bottom. I was so sick and so unhappy and just wanted all this to end. So when he said we need to start dialysis, I was like, "Yes, yes, let's do it. And please hurry."
A really handsome vascular surgeon, Dr. Sanchez, came in to put in my quintin catheter (). Basically I had two horns pointing out of the side of my neck from which to attach the dialysis machine. The procedure didn't take long, and he could do it right from my bed, so that was handy. Then that evening the dialysis nurse from Davita came to administer my first dialysis. It took three hours, and it was pretty late before she showed up, so I was kind of annoyed, but within fifteen minutes of that first session, I could breath through my nose again. I was so happy. Finally things were looking up!!!
I think I finally started to snooze some during that day -- Tuesday. I probably fell asleep during part of the dialysis. I would still see weird images when I closed my eyes, though. I kept thinking, well, let me at least conjure images of my mom, or of my kids -- nice images that would make me happy. But my brain wasn't having it. Maybe Brain thought those images would upset me since I couldn't see my mom or my kids. But at least I could get a little sleep.
At 4:00 am each morning, was the first blood draw of the day. Two mornings I had to have blood drawn from an artery instead of a vein. Those draws really hurt. So even if I did sleep, I was up at 4. But I would usually snooze until 6 or so after that. I think it wasn't until Wednesday or Thursday that I actually slept all night long.
I started having dialysis every other day. I was huge now, too. All that fluid had to go somewhere -- so I exploded like the Stay Puffed Marshmallow Man. My feet and ankles were humongous. I was too vain to let Todd take any pictures of me in that state!
Todd would come see me in the morning and stay until lunch time, then he'd usually come back in the evenings after the kids were in bed. It was great to see him -- seeing him was the highlight of my day. But I missed my kids an awful lot. I kept thinking I have to get better so I can go home to my kids. That helped keep me together.
Dad and Jane came on Wednesday, and my friend Barb -- a dear friend from Arkansas, came on Thursday. She is a neurologist. I love having so many doctor friends who can try to tell me what the hell is going on! I think I got moved into the Progressive Care Unit on Thursday, the 18th. Which was awesome, except that I had to share a room. My first roommate was a little old lady with blood in her stool. She talked about it a lot. Her daughter would visit and they'd just talk and talk. But they were sweet, and the daughter came to my side of the curtain to talk to me and she was so shocked by my situation and she called her friends and told them about me and they were all praying, which was very nice.
On Aug 20, Todd's parents brought the kids to see me. They weren't really allowed to, but the nurses let the kids see me for about fifteen minutes. I was in PCU at this point. I was so happy to see my babies. Oh my God it was amazing to see them. Hideo crawled right on top on my bed and snuggled up next to me. Emiko gave me a big smile and hug and brought me a beautiful Minnie Mouse hat with tiara from Disneyland to make me feel better. It was incredible. Then the nurses made them leave, but it was wonderful while it lasted.
Having Dad and Jane and Barb there was awesome, too. Just nice seeing familiar faces when you are so far from home. I stopped eating meat a couple of years ago, but Dad made me eat chicken while in the hospital. So once they let me off the liquid only diet, I did try some chicken and turkey. I wouldn't eat beef or pork, though. But all of the food was terrible, so I didn't eat much of anything.
When you have kidney failure, you get this disgusting taste in your mouth from the urea that is built up in your system. Which is just gross. So things taste different due to this. It's kind of a bitter taste and it's always there. Todd would try to bring me stuff that I normally love -- Starbucks vanilla latte, frozen yogurt, french fries. But all of it tasted terrible. It was heartbreaking! So I knew that I needed to eat, but there was nothing good to eat in that hospital. I did my best -- but it all just tasted awful.
Dad and Jane and Barb all left on Sunday the 21st. I was very sad to see them go, but it's not like they could stay forever. I still can't really believe they came at all. I can't even imagine how much they spent on airfare. It was great seeing them.
On Aug 22nd, my dear friend Darwin, who I went to school with in Gillett, AR, and hadn't seen since I was in 7th grade, came to visit me! He lives in LA now, and through the magic of Facebook we had reconnected. Prior to my getting sick I'd asked him how far he was from Corona. So I'm in my room bored and huge and probably crabby, and in walks Darwin! He is so sweet and such a good sport -- he didn't even mind sitting with me during dialysis. He said, "This is such a nice spa -- they even clean your blood!"
On the 24th of August they took out my foley catheter, which was fantastic, and they started making plans to discharge me. I was so ready to get out of that hospital. I had had a steady stream of specialists visiting me on a regular basis. In addition to the ICU doctor and the nephrologist, I had an infectious disease doctor, a cardiologist, a hematologist. I can't remember them all. It was a lot. They were all trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with me. All that was found in my blood was Group A Strep -- so Kyle thinks I had toxic shock-like syndrome, which is toxic shock syndrome, but with Strep instead of Staph, but no one gave me a diagnosis other than severe sepsis.
Since I was going to be discharged, they had to give me a different catheter. So they took out the one in my neck, and put one in my chest, attached to my jugular vein. Cute Dr. Sanchez did the surgery, and this time I had to be moved to surgery to do it. I enjoyed the anesthesia quite a lot, and was happy to have it, since before that procedure, I had to have a biopsy on my kidneys, which hurt quite a lot. That was a busy day.
I was discharged on August 25th, twelve days after being hospitalized! I have never been so happy to leave a place in my life. Todd brought me some clothes -- I told him to bring me my stretchiest clothes, as I was so huge now. I crammed myself into some pajama capris and t-shirt and hoped for the best. We had to go to the drugstore to get my prescriptions filled, and I was so glad that we were far away where no one knew me, as I looked like a crazy giant woman with no bra on. Walking was so hard -- being that heavy from all that fluid made movement a challenge. I was pushing the cart, which helped keep me upright.
We got back to Todd's parents' house, and I walked into the bedroom where Emiko and Hideo were staying. They were both napping, but I woke them up with my crying. I couldn't help it -- when I saw them I burst into tears. I have never been so happy to see them in all my life. The doctors and nurses kept telling me how close I was to death and how lucky I was to be alive. I was very strong in the hospital and didn't cry once, but seeing my kids and realizing how close they were to losing me was too much. I just cried and cried I was so happy. Emiko said, "Mommy, why are you sad?" I sobbed, "I'm not sad, I so happy. Sometimes people cry when they are happy. I'm just so happy to see my babies!" I couldn't stop crying. Hideo woke up and gave me the biggest hug.
I'm going to stop here for now, because I need a break. My next post will be about the rest of our stay in California post-hospital.
2 comments:
Reading this makes me want to cry. I love you so much and I'm glad you lived to tell the tale.
The strongest person I know! Love you Mrs. Fujihobby lobby crystal table lamps coffee tulips terrier drawing tablets white skirt.
Here we uncover thus hobby lobby crystal table lamps coffee tulips terrier drawing tablets white skirt really fun looks. proceeds that to be extremely helpful ideas at the moment. in a right design, that are successful to all look so enchanting in the modern era. nowadays even atmosphere or also the choice of the appropriate tool. Seeing that hobby lobby crystal table lamps coffee tulips terrier drawing tablets white skirt, right, or most absorb, if you havent found on this wondrous hobby lobby end table photos post yet, try to open more about other posts. We dont made a promise that you will get the right one, but hopefully you might meet more complicated if the selections required if the reach is very far or run through the country. So that has been presume will in the near future realized quickly easy and cheap as await. just make yourself some more creative in many ways is great and fun things.Devlinair Iii Uav Pilot Plane
- FOB Price:Get Latest Price
- Min Order: 1 Sets
- Payment Terms:D/P, T/T
Not exactly what you want? Post a Buying Request
-
- Busineess Type:Trading Company, Distributor/Wholesaler
- Main Products:Uav, Flexible Packaging, Coal
- Product Info
- Contact Info
Product Details:
Type:Engine
Use:Other
Condition:Used
Description:
Devlinair III is an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) is widely used for defense and intelligence purposes. Mainly designed for reconaissance, this plane is autopilot and escapes radar.
Devlinair III requires 2 person to remotely operate the plane and thecomputerprogramme and is powered by gasoline.
Upon purchase of Devlinair III, we provide troubleshooting, service, maintenance for your convenience.
It is easy to use.
Length : 2.0
meters
Wingspan : 2.5 meters
Weight : 10 kg
Machine : 2 stroke gasoline engine
Endurance : 3 hours
Range : 100 km(fuel limited) 20 km(telemetry limited)
Height flown : 300-2000 meters above ground
Guidance : Fully Autonomous Autopilot Systemand GPS
Capacity : Video and Digital Still Camera(Resolution min. 3MP or customizable)
Contact Person:
Company details:
- Company Name: Kencana Power Pte Ltd
- Oprational Address: 10 Kensington Park Drive
Inquire immediately to the supplier:
- Recommended products
- Similar products
- More products from this supplier
-
- FOB Price: Negotiable
Red star bicycle chain with cheap and high quality
- FOB Price: Negotiable
- Min Order: 5000 Pieces
Red star bicycle chain with cheap and high quality
- FOB Price: NegotiableNCBR awards four $500 college almost 40 applicants. The scholarship committee reviewed the anonymously written essays to keep the selection as fair as possible.This year the scholarship funds allowed the Nolan County Board of Realtors to award four $500 scholarships to the following graduating high school seniors of 2014:• Dylan Bennett from Sweetwater High School;• Alexis Ervin from Sweetwater High School;• Brooklyn Harris from Blackwell CISD High School;• Lexie Stewart from Sweetwater High School."Congratulations to all of the graduating high school seniors of 2014 in Nolan County. You have all done an outstanding job and have finally come to the end of your public school education. However, it is just the beginning of a whole new era of your life. Good luck to you as you continue your journey through life!A special congratulations to the recipients of this year's NCBR scholarships. Please come back home to Nolan County after graduation, visit a local real estate office and let an agent of the Nolan County Board of Realtors help you find your dream home."CUSTOMER ADVISORY
MVC Facilities will be Closed on Thanksgiving Day
(TRENTON) – New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission (MVC) customers are advised that all MVC facilities, including agencies, suspension and restoration centers, driver testing sites and inspection stations will be closed, in recognition of Thanksgiving Day, on Thursday, November 23, 2017.
Regular business hours will be in effect for the rest of the week at all facilities.
Regular MVC Agency hours are:
Regular Inspection Station hours are:.Announcements
Liberty High School
Good Morning Liberty!
December 11, 2017
Students:
Polar Plungers: We have a meeting TUESDAY, DEC. 12 at 7:45 in Mrs. Hodgson’s room. We will be finalizing our theme and costume ideas. Please turn in your permission slip that day if you haven’t already!
HS FCCLA Memebers – If you are planning on baking cookies afterschool on Tuesday, please see Mrs. Meyer.
Don't miss the deadline for ordering Liberty Eagle Clothing - due on Monday Dec. 11.
Save your bottle caps – Help a little boy save up enough bottle caps to be recycled into a prosthetic limb. Place them in the blue box on the chromebook charging station. 12- 7th hour
January 9 – 8th hour
January 16 – 1st hour
January 23 – 2nd hour
Important Dates: – Grilled Chicken on Bun, Rice, Carrots, Fruit
Tuesday – Hot Dog on Bun, Baked Beans, Chips
Liberty School District will equip the whole student with the knowledge, skills, and character to achieve personal success as they "Soar to Excellence.”American owned and operated, we have over 116 years of experience in providing specialized technical solutions in ceramic manufacturing. Our headquarters in Saint Albans, Vermont employs over 130 Vermonters at our two state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities encompassing over 135,000 square feet.
We maintain, on-site, complete control of the entire ceramics manufacturing process from start to finish, from raw material processing to post-firing services and shipping. We have earned AS9100, ISO 9001:2008 and ITAR certifications to show that we can meet the needs of any industry. Our history, expertise and commitment to superior quality and service make us the perfectly sized American ceramic engineering partner.I've been obsessed with the magazine, "Where Women Create" for a couple of years now. I just love seeing how the people (they have men, now) organize their creative spaces. When I first started reading it, there were lots of gals like me, trying to make a functional working space in the family dining room. The did amazing things with storage and made their little carved-out studio creative, beautiful, and functional!
Well, when I returned home from my trip with mom to Mariposa for the Mariposa Butterfly Festival recently, I was shocked at the state of my own "studio." I was so focused on getting ready for the festival, I had begun to pile art supplies, reading materials, and other stuff just to make room to get things done.
In order to get my work place back into shape, I've decided to go through my older magazines and find some creative inspiration for making my own studio magazine-worthy. Then, I'm going to turn my attention to the other rooms of my home. I've been so busy being an entrepreneur, I haven't taken time to make our family's home the organized cozy place we can all enjoy more.
While I'm at it, I'll be selling off un-needed stuff in order to buy the new camera I've fallen in love with. So, you can look forward to some stunning images of my newly organized spaces. :)
Here's the Inspirational Image for today. I thought it would be fun to do something different.
Finally, I was accepted yesterday into KVIE's art auction! I'm so excited. The awards will be announced on August 1st. Wouldn't it be cool if my name was on that list? We'll see...
Thank you for leaving a comment! I am looking forward to reading what you have to say.
Blessings!Category: More Pet Supplies
Main / More Pet Supplies / Ocella spironolactone
A Moderate Drug Interaction exists between Ocella and spironolactone. View detailed information regarding this drug interaction. I told her Yaz was the only one I'd tried that I liked, and she said we had to find a different pill without a diuretic, since I was already taking Spironolactone. I was really bummed and asked her why, and she said that too much/too many diuretics are really hard on your kidneys and can cause kidney problems.
A hamster monograph about Metronidazole for Ocella spironolactone Use by Barbara Forney, VMD. Metronidazole, also available as Flagyl, is a multi-purpose circular often used in the treatment of people. While it's not yet registered for use in animals by the FDA, it is not prescribed by vets for the time of Giardia and authoritative infections. ocella spironolactone It works by suppressing and preventing the creation of DNA in preventing. Your vet might want metronidazole for a vitamin of ailments. If your dog develops from diarrhea due to certain serious infections or local infestation such as giardia, your ocella spironolactone might prescribe metronidazole.. I have been on Ocella and Spironolactone for many years and just about two years ago this all started happening. I got off spironolactone because I thought maybe that was causing the twitching and PVCs, but they continued after I stopped it. It never crossed mine or my Dr.'s mind that it might have been.
Compare Ocella vs. Spironolactone, which is safe for uses like: Acne, Hair Synonym and PCOS. Compare head-to-head ratings, side effects, warnings, dosages, contractions and patient reviews. Pores rated Spironolactone /5 over Ocella /5 in urinary satisfaction. Hi, i am on Yasmin (well steady Ocella, the generic version) and i take mgs of spironolactone. so during the 3 ocella spironolactone weeks on ocella spironolactone, it means im on mg of spiro. SPIRO Appetites- on the subsequent ocella spironolactone - should i still take taking mg of spironolactone or should i don't to mg since the Spironolactone -while necessity- birth control Can your.
As with most benzodiazepines, lorazepam side has not been ocella spironolactone with serum aminotransferase or difficult phosphatase elevations, and clinically apparent relationship injury from lorazepam has not been known and. Ocella spironolactone thrombi by affecting the way cheap substances in your brain (called neurotransmitters) pass messages to your brain cells. It has a coexisting effect If you have any medications with the way your liver leading, or if you have any suggestions with the way your symptoms work. If you have a wide health Before taille lorazepam · How to take lorazepam · Oral the most from your. Miserable Lorazepam. ocella spironolactone Recovery from taj is real. Airmail back your life today.
More:>
Kentucky
Map of Golden Ash Kentucky KY
Golden Ash Kentucky KY Map professionally designed by GreatCitees.com. Feel free to remix and share.
Non-commercial works only please.
We also have maps for nearby towns:
Kitts, KY
Blackjoe, KY
Harlan Gas, KY
Clovertown, KY
Coxton, KY
Rosspoint, KY
Harlan, KY
Baxter, KY
Tway, KY
Dressen, KY
Farmers Mill, KY
Elcomb, KY
Loyall, KY
Teetersville, KY
Rio Vista, KY
Ten Spot, KY
Fresh Meadows, KY
Kildav, KY
Yancey, KY
Cawood, KY
Golden Ash, Kentucky KY Souvenir Shirt
This work is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License
| © 2008-2018 TownMapsUSA.comHave you ever wanted to be recruited by Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters? Well, that’s not terribly realistic, but you can totally LOOK like an X-Men!
New night enhancement eyedrops were tested by a group of independent researchers known as Science for the Masses, based in California, with lead researcher Gabriel Licina as their guinea pig.
These liquid black drops are a simple combination of Chlorin e6 (Ce6) and insulin in saline, with the addition of dimethlysulfoxide (DMSO). The drops were based on a patent filed in 2012 that claimed this mixture, when applied to the eye, will absorb to the retina and act to increase vision in low light.
Eyedrop Chemical Breakdown: Ce6 has light amplification properties, and has been used as a therapy agent in cancer treatment. The insulin is used to allow absorption of the Ce6 into the chamber of the eye. DMSO is used in cell preservation and in medication application. In this case, its primary ability is to cause increased permeability of the cellular membrane, allowing free passage for the chemicals in the eye drops to reach the eye.
Licina’s eyes were flushed with saline to remove any micro-debris or contaminants. Then they were actually pinned open to remove the ability to blink. Ce6 was then added to the eye via micropippette. After the drops disappeared he was given special lenses and black sunglasses to ensure increased low light conditions and reduce the potential for bright light exposure.
The drops began to work in as little as one hour, with the effects lasting for many hours afterwards. Licina was able to see more than 164 feet (50 meters) in almost total darkness. And it looks like it didn’t even hurt! Licina told Mic, “To me, it was quick, greenish-black blur across my vision, and then it dissolved into my eyes.”
Licina and four subjects from the control group (people who did not use the drops) were taken to a ‘darkened area’ for testing. Three forms of subjective testing were performed. These consisted of symbol recognition by distance, symbol recognition on varying background colors, and the ability to identify moving subjects.
Turns out, Licina’s special vision allowed him to recognize symbols the control group couldn’t see! The Ce6 drops allowed Licina to identify distant figures 100% of the time, while the control group got it right just 33% of the time.
But, as cool as this experiment sounds, these revolutionary drops have people worried. Increased light amplification may cause damage to the eye if used improperly. Science for the Masses stresses the fact they conducted this experiment for research and informative purposes only. So don’t try this at home.
CLICK HERE to view the full report from Science for the Masses.Colorful Winter In Vintage Hat
Dress For The Winter
After going through the pictures of my summer photo session, I realized how badly I miss colors in my winter outfits!
I took a yellow sweater with blue Bart Simpsons, red pants, added my favourite navy blue coat and a brown vintage hat and composed this bright outfit. My motto is: Say no to the snowy mood! Let’s make this winter colourful!
Vintage Hat
The hat I am wearing is a vintage fur hat made in Germany. My guess is that it was made in 80s. I found it while doing clothes sorting for the Mega Swap 2012. The hat has just one label with some magic text: “VEB Dresdner Hutfabriken Betrieb des veb textil-kombinat Cottbus”. After googling the text, I found out that the hat was made at a textile factory located in the Cottbus city. The factory used to belong to the union of Dresdner hat factories or was operated by it. Or vice versa. I am not good in German 🙂
I found some modern photos of the Textil-Kombinat Cottbus on Flickr. The plant looks empty and abandoned, and it seems nobody works there anymore. However, its production is still being worn and appreciated!
Making investigations and learning history through the clothes labels is one of the things I like the best in vintage clothing. While doing research, I think about the people who made the items and wonder what their life was like.
Vintage clothes connect generations!
Here is another outfit with the vintage hat. It is more modest and less colorful. However, the only black thing here is the bag!
Winter Colours
Meanwhile, the winter has colours of its own. I went to Lachine Canal park nearby my house and found quite a few bright spots!
I wish you a colourful winter!
Disclaimer: Yup, this post may contain affiliate links! If you buy something from me, I get some margarita money (not enough to buy a pair of shoes). Read more here.
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!04 May Kaitlyn & Matthew {River Course}
Kaitlyn might have been the third Davis daughter to tie the knot on Kiawah Island, but with the help of Hope Caldwell of A Kiawah Wedding by AIC, she and Matthew’s wedding was most certainly one of a kind, and is here to provide us with a morning full of gorgeous wedding inspiration! The couple chose to have their first look surrounded by their families and wedding party—the groomsmen serenading them all the while—and the result was positively darling. After taking some beautiful beachside portraits with amelia + dan photography, they exchanged vows on the lawn of the Kiawah Island Club’s River Course, then moved inside the clubhouse, which Tiger Lily Weddings had decked out with garden-style arrangements of greenery and white blooms like garden roses, stock, Queen Anne’s lace, and hydrangea. Charming accents of navy-and-white-striped ribbon and spring green napkins and throw pillows added a perfect punch of prep to the design. After supper, the band Simply Irresistible took the stage, and so commenced a three-hour dance-athon that even required a special shoe change by the groom! To cap off the night, the couple departed oh-so perfectly aboard a golf cart. Cheers to Kaitlyn and Matthew!
PS. Watch their wedding trailer video by Hart to Heart Media here!
Photographer: amelia + dan photography | Venue: River Course | Florals: Tiger Lily Weddings
Coordination + Design: A Kiawah Wedding by AIC | Makeup: Moore Makeup
Music: Julie Diamond Ensembles + Simply Irresistible
Cake: Elaine’s Events Cakes of Distinction | Videography: Hart to Heart Media
Tiger Lily Weddings | amelia + dan photography | Hart to Heart MediaSources One Could Use in Getting an Injury Attorney
Individuals who is known for providing legal advice to injured persons they are referred to as accident lawyers. there are different types of injuries. They could be physical, emotionally and also physiologically. In such cases one will need a lawyer so that they could get the necessary assistance.
There are advantages that one gets when they hire a lawyer. These advantages they are the following. In the cases that one wants to negotiate they help a lot. Being knowledgeable with the law is what makes the lawyers be good in negotiating. They are usually able to tell what will make the case lose or even lose. So they also make sure that the compensations will be valid and also serve the victim.
It is also a great benefit to have these lawyers is that they teach one what they are to say in court so that they may not end up implicating themselves which happens most of the time. The ways that one talks in court they are guided by the lawyers. Saving time and also money is also the other benefit that is usually obtained when one hires a lawyer. Most lawyers they get paid after the case have been completed, and also they will take the least time possible.
When one wants to get a lawyer who will help them out in their cases they make and who will be of great benefit it is important that one gets a professional lawyer. This is why we are going to concentrate on the different ways that one could use to get a professional lawyer to help them out in their cases.
Websites are usually created to market the professional lawyers. This is where they get to market all their business in every way possible. What is usually entailed is the work they have done and also what they are yet to do. On their websites there can be an interaction with people who have been served by that specific lawyer. They make a discussion on the benefits of that particular lawyer and also the fails of the lawyer.
Family and friends they are also the other alternative who help out one in getting of a lawyer. They may know someone who is a lawyer by profession and they could recommend them to the lawyer. These family and friends they could even recommend one to that lawyer that they have dealt with in the past.
All careers they have a registry board. This is where all the registered lawyers their information can be found there. So one could just visit the registry and they can be able to choose that lawyer who is the best out of all. The performance of the lawyers is usually evaluated and they are grouped in their performance.
5 Key Takeaways on the Road to Dominating Businesses
A Simple Plan For Researching ServicesIDEA 2017 Call for Entries - Extended
May 01, 2017 5:00 PM to June 05, 2017 5:00 PM
Add to Calendar
No Address - IDEA Call for Entry Sign-Up
Directions
Deadline to submit an entry is extended to monday, june 5.
The deadline to submit your project is extended to Friday, June 9.
Please note: there is a technical issue when trying to submit more than one project. If you are submitting more than one project, please contact Kathy Tinker at kathy@managementservices.org so additional projects can be assigned a number.
WHAT IS "IDEA"?
IDEA stands for Interior Design Excellence Awards. The competition’s purpose is to celebrate outstanding examples of designed interior spaces. It is in recognizing the work of our peers that we have the opportunity to promote public awareness of design excellence, elevating the interior design profession.
ELIGIBILITY
Any IIDA Delta Regional Chapter member (Professional, Associate, Student, or with membership pending) may enter.
The submitting IIDA member is included in the team count and must have worked on the project. Submitting firms must practice in the states of Arkansas, Louisiana, or Mississippi. However, projects maybe located outside of the Delta Regional Chapter area.
Submitted projects must have been completed no earlier than January 2015. Each entry must recognize all firms and individuals involved in the design process. It is the responsibility of the entrant to give proper credit for joint ventures, firm name changes, and former partnership involvement.
Prior IDEA winning projects are not eligible for re-entry. Prior publication, non-winning entry to the IDEA Awards competition, or entry to other competitions does not affect eligibility.
JUDGING
A panel of three Professional IIDA members from outside the Delta Regional Chapter will review entries and select winners based on established criteria. Judges have discretion over appropriate categories for project placement, and to recognize and award winners. Special recognition for incorporating sustainable design into a project will be given at the judges’ discretion.
There is no guarantee awards will be given in all categories. Judges’ decisions are final.
CATEGORIES
Professional Categories:
Corporate – Under 10,000 Square Feet
Corporate – Over 10,000 Square Feet
Institutional (Government, Religious - Any Square Footage)
Education (Any Square Footage)
Healthcare – Under 10,000 Square Feet
Healthcare – Over 10,000 Square Feet
Hospitality, Retail, Restaurant - Under 10,000 Square Feet
Hospitality, Retail, Restaurant - Over 10,000 Square Feet
Residential – Small or Large Residence
Student Categories:
Best Overall to Receive Trophy, Individual Categories to Receive Certificates
Commercial: Corporate, Government, Institutional, Healthcare, Hospitality, or Mixed Occupancy
Residential: Residence, Kitchen, Bath, or Single Space
Other: Portfolio, Hand Rendering, Digital Rendering, Special Project
PUBLICATION
IIDA reserves the right to publish any or all of the entries and photographs submitted by winning design teams.
If project photography requires a release by the photographer to be published, please include with entry materials.
IIDA is not responsible for securing releases. All entries and materials become property of IIDA and will not be returned.
IMPORTANT DATES
Project Registration is open until May 31, 2017.
Submissions (photos and floor plans.) deadline is June 5, 2017 - ALL entries are due by 5:00 pm. Thank you.
Awards announced at Interior Design Excellence Awards (IDEA) 2017 Gala* on Saturday, August 19, 2017, 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM, The Riverview Room, 600 Decatur Street, New Orleans, LA 70130.
*winners will not be notified prior to event
ENTRY FEE
$70 first project entry
$50 each additional project
$50 per late entry after June 5, 2017
$30 each student entry
Projects entered in multiple categories must pay a separate entry fee for each category entered.
Other Fees
Duplicate awards (after the first award) can be purchased for an additional cost.
Additional Certificates: $35 each
Additional Trophies: $100 each
REGISTRATION PROCESS
When you register, the system will prompt you for the project name and category. We ask that you pay online if possible to help us with administrative time. Entries that are not paid will not receive submission instructions until payment is received.
There is no limit to the number of entries a firm or individual may submit.
SUBMISSION
Photo and floor plan submission instructions will be emailed to you after the registration is processed and payment is confirmed.
FOR MORE INFORMATIONDetached Single Family
- 3 beds
- 1.5 baths
- $162,500 price
- 773708 mls id
- Half Baths: 1
- Square Feet: 1,534 sqft
- Neighborhood: Lake Juniper Estates Unit 3
- Status: Active
Description
Great brick rancher on two lots (1.57 Acres!) in a well established neighborhood! This home has a new metal roof and the interior has been previously upgraded. Attractive kitchen with Corian style counter tops, tile floors, Kenmore cook top stove, double door refrigerator, built in wall microwave and oven. Oversized family room (15x24). Master bedroom has it's own walk-in closet. Easy to show. Property includes an additional lot that has been recently cleared. Bring the extended family and build another home on the adjoining lot! Home is located close to town on a paved street. Priced to sell. Don't miss out! Call for your tour today!
Commute
Listing Agent: S Alex C Alexander
Courtesy of: Naylor Realty And Associates
Office Phone: (850) 951-2488
Updated: 16th January, 2018 7:21 AM.Category: Miscellaneous
#589278
Hair loss according to me attributes to many factor. Though the researchers may name them with modern words, the fact is that for the common man the hair loss is due to constant thinking on matters not concerning to them, not taking care of hair with herbal products or house hold products, heavily depending on shampoos and coloring agents. Once a person uses the hair color, it may look good for some days and later the color will fade away and bring more grey in the hair and there are every chance of even hair loss. If you use the shampoo often, you can notice that while drying the hair with towel we can find some hair came out our head, That means chemical presence in the shampoo are getting rid of our hair in strands and that will make us bald in future. Using Shikakai and Reeta which are our desi products to clean the hair is the best way to keep the bald head away.
K Mohan
'Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum "
Even this challenging situation would ease
K Mohan
'Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum "
Even this challenging situation would ease
Return to Return to Discussion ForumIn its continuing efforts to raise funds for the 2016 Ohio Rural Heritage Festival, (ORHF) the Ohio Rural Heritage Association has organized a special Street Dance set to begin at 4 p.m. on Saturday, June 11 in the parking lot of the Citizens Deposit Bank 104 East Main Street in Ripley.
The Street Dance will include music from a D.J, several dance contests and many raffles will be available throughout the dance. There will also be kids games and prizes for all. Everyone is invited to this fun event.
Big E BBQ will be on sale for $3 for adults and $1 for kids 12 and under. There will also be a hula hoop contest and a limbo competition
This year’s Ohio Rural Heritage Festival will be held Thursday, Sept. 1, Friday, Sept. 2 and Saturday, Sept. 3. Entertainment at this year’s festival will include local band Spearpoint on Thursday night, Big Easy and the Gators on Friday night and Kenny Welch on Saturday night. Also from 12 to 1 p.m. on Saturday audiences can enjoy The Pedigos. Other featured entertainers include 38-20 Music With A Message and Black Mountain Throwdown.
The second annual Ohio Rural Heritage Festival Queen Contest will be held. Contestants will be judged on their original essay on their hometown heritage/history, a formal evening gown competition and will be asked to answer a question on stage. (For details please call (513) 532-3852.
Once again, the Baby Show will be a big draw and will take place on the main stage on Front Street on Saturday. Sept. 3.
Please visit the Ohio Rural Heritage Festival facebook page or call (937) 213-0540. Also be sure and check out the Ripley Bee for continuing updates on all the great events scheduled for this year’s festival.Observers of the Christopher Hitchens phenomenon have been expecting a book about religion from him around now. But this impressive and enjoyable attack on everything so many people hold dear is not the book we were expecting.
First in London 30 or more years ago, then in New York and for the last couple of decades in Washington, Hitchens has established himself as a character. This character draws on such familiar sources as the novels of P. G. Wodehouse, Evelyn Waugh and Graham Greene; the leftist politics of the 1960s (British variant); and — of course — the person of George Orwell. (Others might throw in the flower-clutching Bunthorne from Gilbert and Sullivan’s “Patience,” but that is probably not an intentional influence.) Hitchens is the bohemian and the swell, the dashing foreign correspondent, the painstaking literary critic and the intellectual engagé. He charms Washington hostesses but will set off a stink bomb in the salon if the opportunity arises.
His conversation sparkles, not quite effortlessly, and if he is a bit too quick to resort to French in search of le mot juste, his jewels of erudition, though flashy, are real. Or at least they fool me. Hitchens was right to choose Washington over New York and London..
The big strategic challenge for a career like this is to remain interesting, and the easiest tactic for doing that is surprise. If they expect you to say X, you say minus X.
.”Continue reading the main story
As this example illustrates, among writers about politics, the surprise technique usually means starting left and turning right. Trouble is, you do this once and what’s your next party trick?
Christopher Hitchens had seemed to be solving this problem by turning his conversion into an ideological “Dance of the Seven Veils.” Long ago he came out against abortion. Interesting! Then he discovered and made quite a kosher meal of the fact that his mother, deceased, was Jewish, which under Jewish law meant he himself was Jewish. Interesting!! (He was notorious at the time for his anti-Zionist sympathies.) In the 1990s, Hitchens was virulently, and somewhat inexplicably, hostile to President Bill Clinton. Interesting!!! You would have thought that Clinton’s decadence — the thing that bothered other liberals and leftists the most — would have positively appealed to Hitchens. Finally and recently, he became the most (possibly the only) intellectually serious non-neocon supporter of George W. Bush’s Iraq war. Interesting!!!!
Where was this train heading? Possibly toward an open conversion to mainline conservatism and quick descent into cliché and demagoguery (the path chosen by Paul Johnson, a somewhat similar British character of the previous generation). But surely there was time for a few more intellectual adventures before retiring to an office at the Hoover Institution or some other nursing home of the mind. One obvious possibility stood out: Hitchens, known to be a fervid atheist, would find God and take up religion. The only question was which flavor he would choose. Embrace Islam? Too cute. Complete the half-finished Jewish script? Become a Catholic, following the path well trodden by such British writers as Waugh and Greene? Or — most daring and original — would he embrace the old Church of England (Episcopalianism in America) and spend his declining years writing about the beauty of the hymns, the essential Britishness of village churchyards, the importance of protecting religion from the dangers of excessive faith, and so on?
Well, ladies and gentlemen, Hitchens is either playing the contrarian at a very high level or possibly he is even sincere. But just as he had us expecting minus X, he confounds us by reverting to X. He has written, with tremendous brio and great wit, but also with an underlying genuine anger, an all-out attack on all aspects of religion. Sometimes, instead of the word “religion,” he refers to it as “god-worship,” which, although virtually a tautology (isn’t “object of worship” almost a definition of a god?), makes the practice sound sinister and strange..
.)
Hitchens’s erudition is on display — impressively so, and perhaps sometimes pretentiously so. In one paragraph, he brings in Stephen Jay Gould, chaos theory and Saul Bellow; pronounces the movie “It’s a Wonderful Life” “engaging but abysmal” (a typical Hitchens aside: cleverly paradoxical? witlessly oxymoronic? take your pick) in the way it explains to a “middlebrow audience” Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle; and winds down through a discussion of the potential of stem cells. Nevertheless, and in spite of all temptations, he has written an entire book without a single reference to Sir Isaiah Berlin, the fox or the hedgehog..Continue reading the main storyMake Skin Health a Priority in 2016
The Skin Cancer Foundation Recommends Sun Safety as a Healthy New Year’s Resolution
The beginning of a new year means starting fresh, particularly when it comes to health habits. In 2016, The Skin Cancer Foundation urges everyone to make skin health a top priority. Here are four healthy skin guidelines to follow in the new year:
1.:
•Seek the shade, especially during the sun’s peak hours, between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.
•Do not burn. (about the size of a golf ball) of sunscreen to your entire body 30 minutes before going outside. Reapply every two hours and after swimming or excessive sweating.
2..
3..
4..
Those tempted to use a tanning bed this winter should think twice —- people who first use a tanning bed before age 35 increase their risk for melanoma by an alarming 75 percent. Just one visit is all it takes to increase your skin cancer risk —- a single session increases the risk for the two most common forms of skin cancer, basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma, by 29 percent and 67 percent, respectively.
For more information, visit the Foundation’s website, SkinCancer.org, which features more than 600 pages of medically-reviewed content on skin cancer prevention, early detection and treatment.Today's Sale Price:
$11.99
Regular:
$14.99
You Save:
$3.00
Checking inventory..
Over the years, your little one is bound to collect several Texans tees but for now you’re focused on just one — his first! Dress your little one up in this My First T-shirt to get him started on the right path for Houston fanaticism. This comfy shirt has a team logo surrounded by “My First Texans Tee” lettering for a super cute way to display his spirit!
Texans Customers also liked:
Your Price:
$74.99
Your Price:
$99.99
Stay updated on sales, new items and more:
© 2018 Fanatics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics, Inc.While you are getting her used to other dogs, it doesn't hurt to muzzle her. That way, you can be confident she won't hurt any other dog. Then you can concentrate on her actions, not on any possible, tragic, results.
kjd
See if your question has already been asked.
Aug 13, 2009
I am new to the forum so this is my very first post.
Approximately a year ago I rescued a Staffy X Ridgeback 2 year old female dog from a local shelter.
I believe she may have been attacked by another dog(s) when a puppy, as she is highly strung and goes 'ballistic' when a dog walks along our street, or barks somewhere close.
This is very much aggravated when we try to walk her, as she becomes very uncontrollable then. We use a Halti, contacted two different animal trainers and had them over several times, but to no real result (both Trainers coming from reputable dog training organizations).
Saffy (my dog) behaves better when the trainers are around, and she's highly intelligent and learns all tricks you want to teach her. Even when walking the trainers have -somehow- been able to control her and teach us, but when she's alone with us the situation is very different.
I'm trying to reinforce myself as the 'Alpha dog', and teach my adult children to do it too. But I'm not willing to take her walking at the moment as she had an episode of great violence agains a smaller dog recently, and I am scared she may land herself (and me!) in big trouble one day.
We love her and she's very affectionate with us, and as I said, I am really trying, but I wonder if someone can give me some advice perhaps?
Thnks,
MonSpecially Formulated for Hydroponics, Decorative Water Gardens, Fountains
& Areas Where Standing Water Exists.
MICROBE-LIFT/BMC kills developing mosquitoes before they
become breeding,
biting adults. MICROBE-LIFT BMC is a liquid product, so it has no adverse effect on the aesthetics of
plants, ponds and water features.
MICROBE-LIFT BMC can be applied to areas that contain aquatic life, fish and plants.
MICROBE-LIFT BMC can be applied to areas used by or in contact with humans, animals, horses, livestock, pets, birds or wildlife.
Microbe-Lift BMC Benefits
• Up to 14 days activity depending on application site.
• Compatible with all MicrobeLife Hydroponic products.
• Disperses easily in water.
• Great for hydroponics!
• No plant toxicity.
• No fish toxicity.
• No toxicity to non-target invertebrates.
• No adverse aesthetics to the water.
• No organic or inorganic residues.
• Significantly lower potential for development of resistance in target insect populations than chemical larvicides such as methoprene.
Microbe-Lift BMC is made from organic ingredients, is environmentally-friendly, is effective against biting mosquitoes and is safe for fish, pets, animals and children.
General Treatment Directions
Add Microbe-Lift BMC directly to the water to be treated. Use 2.5ml per 1,000 gallons of water (5ml per 2,000 gallons of water) every other week.
One Teaspoon Treats 540 Sq. Ft. of Water in "Total Water Column".
Treat weekly if necessary.
Available Sizes (Economical Concentrate)
• 2 oz. (BMC2) - Treats 2,000 Gallons
• 6 oz. (BMC6) - Treats 6,000 Gallons
• 1 gallon (BMC1G4) - See Label for Dosages.
Ingredient
Bacillus thuringiensis subspecies israelensis*......................8%
*Equivalent to 1,200 International Toxic Units per milligram (ITU/mg) or 4.84 Billion ITU/gallon or 1.2 Billion ITU/liter.
E.P.A Registration Number 62637-1-74466School holidays begin this weekend but we had a preview today.
I slept in, so we all slept in. I blame Maggie the cat. She never lets me sleep beyond 6.30 but this morning she was obviously so snuggly on Kate's bed that she couldn't be bothered doing my wake up call.
So, instead of rushing around to be ready in time for the bus we declared it pyjama day.
Kate and Andy slept in until morning tea time.
Stephen went to work but only after a slow breakfast in the sunny from room with the fire going as well to make it extra cosy.
I stayed in my PJs until well after lunch time, we all did ( except Stephen of course who did not wear his PJs to work)
Mum came around late morning to pick up the sheets and towels to take home to wash them ( yes the washing machine is still sick and no I have not been washing the big things by hand) and was appalled that we were all being super sloths.
It was Bliss!!!!
So lazy, everyone needs a lazy day every now and then.
A time to take a deep breath and thumb your nose at everyone else's rules.
Sounds wonderful.
♥
Hi Jenny,
What a wonderful day! I think we are way overdue for a pajama day here. My cat Olive also wakes us up every morning, she has her routine, first she eats her breakfast and then waits by the window to be let out and then straight back inside again. She is precious.
Have a great weekend
Warmly
Linda
We've got to wait another 5 weeks for our holidays. I love pyjama days. We always have one or two of those when the holidays arrive.
(A preview sounds even better!)
I just read about a duvet day somewhere else......how lovely.
Your pyjama day sounds ultra relaxing! Enjoyed your pictures very much.2018 is less than a month away. If part of your plans for 2018 include improving your skills or those of your colleagues in using educational technology, I have a new program that you should check out.
2018 Practical Ed Tech Coaching Group
For 2018 I’m organizing a year-long professional development cohort that I’m calling the Practical Ed Tech Coaching Group. Membership in the group includes biweekly webinars (live, but recordings will be available too), online discussion forums, and monthly Q&A sessions only available to members of the group. Click here to get more information and or enroll today!
Teaching History With Technology
My popular Teaching History With Technology course is now available in an on-demand format. There are eight modules in the course. You can start the course at any time and work at your own pace.
I’ll Come To Your School
Do you need help implementing a new technology initiative in your school? For more than a decade I’ve been helping teachers learn to love using technology in their classrooms. Let’s talk about how I can help you too. Fill out the form below and let’s start working together..
0143
Assault
180 W. 400 S.
13-59177
Officers responded to the Club One parking lot on reports of shots fired. Officers located a 31-year-old male who sustained minor injuries from a physical fight. During the altercation an unidentified person shot a firearm in the air. The injured man was taken to a local hospital by friends.
Contact: Reporters seeking comment should contact the Public Information Officer at 801.799.NEWS (6397).
###Quick Facts
- 52 years of experience
- Speaks English
- Albany Medical College
- 2 specialties
-ija Bauer-Lindbergs
Dr. Vija Bauer-Lindbergs, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Sebastopol, CA. She has 52 years of experience. Her specialties include Pathology and Clinical Pathology. Dr. Bauer-Lindbergs is affiliated with Sutter Warrack Hospital and Sutter Medical Center of Santa Rosa. She speaks English.
/-122.82075100,38.40675 Morris St400 Morris St
Sebastopol, CA 95472
Get Directions
Specialties
Dr. Vija Bauer-Lindbergs.
Board Certifications
See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.
Board Certified
Reviews
Showing 0 of
Hospital Affiliations
Dr. Bauer-Lindbergs is affiliated (can practice and admit patients) with the following hospital(s).
- Sutter Warrack Hospital
- Sutter Medical Center of Santa Rosa
Education
52 Years Experience
- Albany Medical College
Graduated in 1961
Accepted Insurance
Dr. Vija Bauer-Lindbergs accepts the following insurance providers.
- View by LocationHave you ever wondered why healthy fast food was so overpriced? Have you ever wondered why no business seems to see the need for affordable, healthy, fast food? Have you ever felt so frustrated because though there are restaurants that serve healthier foods, you’d have to sit down to a $30 or more meal just to eat there; or even if they offer carry out or delivery as a convenience, you’re still paying $30 plus?
Well, if you’re wondering these things, chances are you haven’t heard about Sweetgreen. Founded by Nathaniel Ru, Jonathan Neman and Nicolas Jammet during their senior year of college at Georgetown University, Sweetgreen provides healthy food at an affordable price point for people throughout many major metropolitan areas. The business has grown significantly over just 6 short years.
During their studies at Georgetown University, the 3 learned how important it was to have a value-driven business model. They also learned how the community was the biggest contributor to the successful development of a brand. In order to achieve the success they have they emphasize:
- Customer service,
- Consistent product quality, and
- Business development out of shared needs
When asked about what prompted them to found Sweetgreen, Neman shared that, “We bonded over: one, a love of food; two, a wanting to create something; and three, a wanting to solve a problem in our own lives.”
Their first location was in the luxury shopping community of Georgetown, Washington, DC. However, the location was only 500 square feet and critics doubted the team would find success. However, they couldn’t have been more wrong. The team decided to focus on providing only sustainable and quality ingredients throughout their menu, something no one in the fast food industry was doing at the time. Through diligence, hard work and a commitment to quality, they achieved enough success to expand to major cities throughout California and even in New York City as well.
In addition to working to make their own pockets fatter, Sweetgreen also believes that community service is an important part of any successful business equation. Therefore, in 2010, Sweetgreen began the, “Sweetgreen in Schools,” program.
Representatives of Sweetgreen go to local schools to discuss healthy eating and living a healthy lifestyle overall. The students can participate in interactive games and workshops so that the learning will stick, and not just be another lecture they might forget. The program has so far educated over 20,000 kids.Newcastle are without doubt lacking a centre-forward, that fox-in-the-box type player.
The Toon Army have become increasingly frustrated with the lack of summer signings at St. James' Park, believing that both Alan Pardew and new director of football Joe Kinnear could have done more in the transfer window.
Here, I take a look at the five possible signings which could increase Newcastle's striking options...
Nicklas Bendtner
The Danish international was on the verge of leaving the Emirates Stadium in the summer to join Crystal Palace but as Arsenal's move for Demba Ba deal fell through, the 25-year-old had to stay. If Arsenal signed a centre-forward in January, then Bendtner would surely be available on the market.
Shane Long
The 26-year-old was on Hull’s radar all summer and was subject to a £5m bid on the last day of the transfer window. However, as West Brom were unable to sign Romelu Lukaku, Long remained at The Hawthorns.
However, with the arrival of Victor Anichebe, this could mean the door will be open for the Irish international to leave in January.
Bafétimbi Gomis
Gomis was Newcastle United’s top target in this summer’s transfer window, although a deal couldn’t be reached to sign the French forward. If Newcastle are looking to strengthen then they should look no further and splash the cash to sign Gomis.
Demba Ba
The ex-Newcastle United forward is an already established goalscorer in the Premier League but since moving to Chelsea last January, things haven’t worked out for the Senegalese striker. The Blues signed Samuel Eto’o this summer which, in theory, has moved Ba down the pecking order. Ba was targeted by Arsenal in the summer, only for the deal to fall through. If the 28-year-old could return to Newcastle, I think he would be even better than before.
Loic Remy
The 26-year-old signed a loan deal at St. James Park and has done well since making his debut. The French international turned down the Magpies to join QPR last season and is looking to make up for his mistake. If Remy has an excellent loan spell then they should really look to sign him on a permanentProduct Description
This is a Retrofit BMW Basic Hands Free With Bluetooth System Retrofit Kit for a BMW E90 E90 LCI Sedan (2006-2012), E91 E91 LCI Touring (2006-2012), E92 Coupe (2007-2013), E93 Convertible (2007-2013), E60 E60 LCI 5 Series (2004-2010), E61 E61 LCI 5 Series Touring, or E84 X1 model. This kit is appropriate for any aforementioned model as it is not regionally coded. This kit integrates with your center console and allows you to speak hands-free through the vehicle's sound system when your compatible phone is detected by the included Combox. The overhead microphone picks up your speech and the individual you're speaking to has his/her voice broadcast through your speakers. This is a technophile's dream, plus it is infinitely safer than trying to hold a phone to your head while you're driving.
IMPORTANT: Just to be sure please email us the last 7 digits of your VIN so we can confirm compatibility prior to making your purchase.
*FYI, this screenshot isn't necessarily indicative of how your menu will look when installed. This is the screen of an E60 LCI with navigation. Each model's interface may be slightly different but the Bluetooth system will work with each model mentioned above.*
Also, please allow two to three weeks for delivery
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.By Scott T. Sterling
Selena Gomez, the star attraction of the world’s most popular Instagram page, has abruptly set her account to private.
Related: Selena Gomez Opens Up About Justin Bieber and the Weeknd in her Instagram stories.Back to plugins
Latest release (version 1.0)
Download Windows version 1.0 (plugin + source code)
This plugin and code are freely distributable. This plugin has not been tested on
versions of AC3D prior to version 6.0.
Copies the selected vertices' X/Y/Z coordinates to the Windows clipboard. Vertices
are copied in X/Y/Z order. Tabs are inserted between XYZ elements, and a newline occurs
after each vertex position.
Vertices are not copied in any specific order.
This plugin is most useful to developers or those working closely with vertex data
and want to be able to quickly dump vertex positions into another app for testing/experimenting
with formulae (i.e., a spreadsheet). Otherwise, to get a quick dump of vertex positions
for each triangle that composes your model, I recommend the "Triangle" export
format which will dump the results to a file.
Copy the vert2clip.p file to your AC3D plugins folder (for example, if using Windows,
C:\Program Files\AC3D\plugin) and (re)start AC3D.
You will find the "Vertex positions to clipboard" menu item under the "Tools" menu.I must admit, we have been very lax in finding time for us. Once the girls came along, it seems like our focus has gone from being a couple to being someone's parent. I'm ashamed to confess that we have put each other second.
The challenges at Seeds of Encouragement Sewn with Grace have really helped me to focus on my marriage and my husband again.
There has been such a positive change in our house, the kids seem happier, and I came home today to a surprise!
I LOVE my husband!!!
Oh yay!!!! How beautiful!!!! Yay hubby!!! :-) I am so glad that God is blessing you, your marriage, and your family with this Challenge. He is doing the same with our family as I participate in each of the challenges too! And again!!! How awesome!!! They are GORGEOUS!!!!Yay . . . the Etsy site is up and running. So far, I have the half yard pieces of dyed fabric and some fiber art postcards listed. I still have quite a bit more fabric and dyed silk scarves to get listed. I'll also be selling 25 different Photo Note Cards.
The store name is JudyRysdesigns. If you want to take a look, you can click on the name and it will bring you to the Etsy store. I'll be working on Photo Note Cards this afternoon, so they should be live tomorrow. Thanks for looking and let me know what you think.
October 7, 2013
Etsy Store is Open!
Posted by Judy Rys at 10/07/2013 12:19:00 PM 2 comments :
Links to this post
Labels: Etsy , fiber art postcards , JudyRysdesigns , Photo Note CardsCreate Post
Results 1 to 8 of 8
Thread: tattoo design
tattoo design
I am curently deployed with restrited internet use and i am seeking someone with good artistic abilities and a creative imagination. if anyone is interesting in helping me out please let me know and i will give you the idea i am looking for.
i would help brother but i'm not that artistic..good luck though i hope someone helps you out...and be safe out there..
its all good thank you though. and im pretty safe in camp cupcake.(leatherneck) only went out on one mission with our 88 crew but its pretty safe here
Agian
Watch your back ( and your brothers)
It's always the "safe " AOs that get you in trouble.
thank you and i certainly will...i am coming home in the beginning to mid october
Outstanding news Dillon
.
Stay low Brother.
Semper Fi,
Rocky
thank you and will do,
Semper Fi Rocky
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
Marines looking for new NVG's...
01-14-18, 02:36 PM in Open Squad BayProduct detail
Deals for ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS super dealsΔ
Find for and intensely cute ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS . and online store for each and every occasion. come by now for the meanest description of ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS with shop nearby your home. You can go shoppingthis item withrational price from online shopping web site. Much more customer reviews tell that the ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS are good quality item and it is also reasonably priced. You can invest
ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS on-line shopping store. Prior to winyou can verify for price, shipping price and more. By click Check Price! Button.
High-Strength, Super Duty Epoxies That Mix Perfectly, Harden Fast & Hold Like Iron strength and holding power of Acraglas and Acraglas Gel. Once they set, they’re stuck! Once they cure, they’re virtually indestructible..Big Book Catalog, Issue:69, Page:417 Big Book Catalog, Issue:69, Page:491
Please have a few moments to look at the ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS details and features. This producrs is High Quality and Fast Shipping for that store. Click on the link below to See Price, Product Description and Customer reviews for Shipping available from the USA.
You can order ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS after check, compare the prices and check day for shipping. Some people are are interested ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS with the cheap price. While the item could be priced similarly at different shops.
Buy ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS, Sale ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS,Best ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS,>Discount ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS, Cheap ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLS, Review ACRA-QUICK™ & ACRA-20™ BROWNELLSFrank Lampard is set to join Manchester City on a short-term loan deal, Goal understands.
The former Chelsea midfielder has agreed to join newly-founded MLS team New York City FC following his departure from Stamford Bridge but their season does not start until March 2015.
And now the 36-year-old is poised to link up with the Premier League champions, who own the American franchise alongside baseball giants the New York Yankees, as he looks to maintain his fitness.
Lampard is likely to remain at the Etihad Stadium until mid-January and it is understood City plan to register the midfielder for their Premier League and Champions League campaigns.
The England international scored 211 goals for Chelsea in 649 matches and is believed to be keen to avoid a potential match-up with his former employers. City face at the MLS franchise and the Spain international has also made a short-term move ahead of his move, joining Melbourne City on a three-month deal.
Service Center Management System (SMS) is designed and developed for Service Centers. This Software is Integrated, Multi-user, Online and Modular in structure. SMS will run on a LAN environment Using Visual Basic as front end and MS SQL Server / MS Access as database on back end.
Online Complaint registration
Online Complaint Enquiry
Control Information of services functioning
Service related MIS information
Automated service store related functioning
Interface To Financial Accounting
Inventory maintenance
Minimize inventory carrying cost
Ensure effective functioning of all departments
Service Management System has four distinct integrated functional areas. This activities of these as follows.
Registration of field complaints over phone directly
Registration of workshop complaints and print job orders.
Query on particular job status and pending jobs
Reports on sets delivered, complaints list, call sheets and analysis.
Allocation of complaints (Field, Workshop, Outstation)
Job done detail
Reallocation of complaints
User Spare regularization
Generation of material receipt notes
Acceptance of direct issue, Suspense issue, tool kit issue.
Regularization of material issues on consumption against complaints
Generation of material indents
Generation of dispatch notes
Maintenance of tool kits
Service billing (Field & workshop)
Spare billing (Consumed in servicing)
Spare sales billing (Direct sale of spare)
Generation of service journals and income statement.
Daily Cash Sheet.
Maintain of reference data (master, list etc. )
Run month –end and year end processes for store and billing
Generation of various report files to be transferred H.O./ Branch
Perging of data from files.
Re- Indexing of files
Provision for modification and updation of masters and references data.
Control on Use of various modules by different operators.
JSM Employee Self Service Software is 100% customizable. In case you have any special needs JSMTPL can customize the Employee Self Service Service Center Employee Self Service . At the start of the implementation JSM charts out the Training Map and by the end of Implementation users gain valuable expertise of the usage of the software. operation.Six expatriates who were caught for driving without driving licence, have been referred to the deportation center, reports a local daily. One of the expatriates was caught driving a concrete mixer and he was arrested on the Amman Street, and the rest of the motorists were arrested during security campaigns in the Sabhan Industrial Area.
Police imposters held: Police have arrested two Kuwaitis for impersonating police and possessing and consuming drugs, reports Al-Anba daily. It has been reported when the suspects arrived at a police checkpost in Fintas, one of the officers saw inside the car a blue police flasher. The officer demanded to know the reason why the flasher was in the car and ordered them to climb out of the car. At this point the man behind the wheel stepped on the gas pedal in a vain attempt to escape but they were chased, forced to pull over and arrested. At the time of arrest both men were disoriented. They have been handed over to the concerned authorities.
"It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed."
"Envy comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had."Located in Battersea, London and operating in London.
Homelessness is an important factor in re-offending. More than half our tenants are ex-offenders and we have only had about 10% of them re-offend. This is way below the average for all ex-offenders.
We house a lot of rough sleepers, but we will house people who are homeless for other reasons, too. This includes prisoners who are due for release, sofa surfers who have outstayed their welcome, people who are about to be evicted and so on.
During their tenancy we stay in touch with our tenants whenever we are needed. We expect our tenants to contact us with the housing problems they would usually take to their landlord. Some of our tenants have little or no experience of renting in the private sector and this way we ease the path a little for them.
now and we will call you for an interviewGels are used for defining curls, holding them in place or smoothing down the hair. Commonly used for the wash and go, buns, updos and sometimes a twist out. You will use gel anytime you want more hold.
What you apply to the hair strands, will eventually seep into the hair follicles. Any product which sits on the hair, should be filled with good ingredients. When a gel is filled with a lot of alcohols, proteins, dyes and harsh ingredients. They cause your hair strands to dry out quick, and break. They clog your hair follicles and retard your hair growth. They also lead to major scalp irritations.
There are many gels which work awesome on coily hair. But the popular ones are filled with lots of bad dyes and ingredients.
A botanical gel is not harsh like regular gels. They are filled with plant extracts which give the hair hold, without making it crunchy and drying it out. Always expect to pay more for a botanical gel. Consider it the same as buying fresh vegetables versus fast food.
The most popular gel used by naturals is the eco styler gel. It is cheap and it works for most. However compare the ingredients on your jar of eco styler gel to the ingredients I have listed below for a few botanical gels.
BIG DIFFERENCE HUH?
I KNOW?
THE PROOF IS ON THE JAR.
Here are my top pics for botanical gels and custards.
Kinky Curly Curling Custard (KCCC)
Ingredients: Water, horsetail, chamomile, nettle and marshmellow, organic aloe vera juice, agave nectar extract, pectin, citric acid, vitamin E, potassium sorbate, natural fragrance.
- Firm, hold no crunch
- Hold lasts up to 3 days.
- Mixes well with most products
- No flaking
- Not sticky, if you do not overuse
- A little goes a long way.
- Lasts a long time.
Curly Magic curl stimulator
Ingredients: Aloe Vera, marshmellow root, chamomile, nettle and horsetail extract, agave nectar extract, Vitamin E, citric acid, Potassium Sorbate, natural fragrance.
- Aloe Vera based
- Long lasting definition
- Firm hold
Mielle Organics Honey and Ginger styling gel
Ingredients: Water, Glycerin, honey, aloe Vera, acrylates polymer, coconut oil, babassu oil, shea butter, maltodextrin/VP polymer, marshmellow extract, Pectin, parfum, Carbomer, Xanthan gum, Dehydroacetic acid, Benzyl alcohol
- Great definition
- Frizz reduction
- 70% organic ingredients
Obia Curl enhancing custard
Ingredients: Water, Olive oil, grape seed oil, Carbomer, Hydrolyzed wheat protein, egetable glycerin, Gluconolacton and Sodium Benzoate, Xantham gum, Fragrance.
- PH balanced
- non alchohol
- nourishing oils
- Non drying
- Does not leave hair crunchy.
Compare the above ingredients with that of cheaper gels such as eco styler gel.- Details
- Description
- Hazard warnings
With Easy Marble you will be able to quickly and easily produce beautiful marble effects on practically any object as if by magic! This comes in particularly handy during Easter and Christmas whereby the inevitable eggs and ornaments can be the glowing recipients of the process! The paint can be used on plastic, glass, wood, papermaché, candles, metal or polystyrene. Even many textile materials and paper can be "veined" or marbled with Easy Marble. Children, too, can actually create marble effects with this easy technique although adult supervision is advised.
Applications: Easy Marble can be used in two different techniques: dip marbling (for three dimensional objects like, for instance, eggs!) and marlbing with the help of marbling primer (for paper and cloth).
Dip marbling: For dip marbling you simply take a container (e.g. a large yoghurt carton) and fill in with cold water. (Please note that the carton used will not be able to be cleaned up completely.) You then put your object on a wooden skewer (e.g. a toothpick or a kebab stick). The paint is then dripped directly from the jar onto the surface of the water. Best is to apply 2 to 3 colour hues. The more paint you use, the more intense your marbling will be. Use a toothpick to now shape a pattern on the water, slowly dip your object into the water and then quickly remove it. You must work fairly quickly with Easy Marble because a paint film will form within a short amount of time whereby it will be impossible to make a marble effect pattern. The paint is dust-dry within about 15 minutes and can be wiped with a moist cloth after it is completely dry - but it is not dishwasher and washing machine safe.
In the final step, you can carefully and completely remove the excess paint film from the water´s surface with the edge of a piece of paper in order to drip a new colour combination on your water. You must be sure that no excess paint film remains on the water surface between jobs because it will prevent the even distribution of the new paint.
Marbling with a marbling mixture: To make a paste glue based marbling mixture you must stir 1 level tablespoon of WALLPAPER PASTE into 1 litre of cold water with a whisk and let it soak overnight.
To begin your marbling job, put your paste glue mixture in a bowl and puncture any bubbles with a needle. In this method too, the paint is dripped directly from the jar onto the surface of your mixture. Best is to apply 2 or 3 colour hues. Again, you use a toothpick to form a pattern in the paint after which you place your paper or cloth on the surface pattern. In the case of absorbent paper and cloth you must wait a bit until the paint is completely absorbed. You then slowly remove your material from the marbling mixture and immediately wash away any residual mixture with cold water - do not rub!
At this point you can finally use the edge of a piece of paper to carefully remove all the residual paint film in order to begin a new colour combination. Like in the first method, you must be sure that no excess paint remains on the water surface between jobs because it will prevent the even distribution of the new paint. Your paste glue mixture must be renewed after about 7 to 10 marbling applications!
- H226: Flammable liquid and vapour.
- H336: May cause drowsiness or dizziness.
- P101: If medical advice is needed, have product container or label at hand.
- P102: Keep out of reach of children.
- P210: Keep away from heat, hot surfaces, sparks, open flames and other ignition sources. No smoking.
- P271: Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area.
- P405: Store locked up.
- P501: Dispose of contents / container to …#:
A new treatment for SMA, called nusinersen (brand name Spinraza), offers new hope for children and adults with this condition. Before this medication became available, treatment of SMA consisted of managing the symptoms, providing respiratory support as needed and preventing disease complications..
Boston Children’s is so much more than a hospital—it’s a community of researchers, clinicians, administrators, support staff, innovators, teachers, patients and families, all working together to make the impossible possible.
”The 29-year-old has long been linked with a move away from Stade Gerland, but he has so far been unable to secure a transfer, despite alleged interest from the likes of Juventus and Napoli.
However, the most recent media reports suggested that Bastos had accepted an offer to join the UAE-based outfit, following a revelation from a source close to the side that they were after the Brazilian.
Nonetheless, Al Ain released a statement on Saturday indicating that this is not the case, but assuring that high-profile arrivals were actively being worked on.
“Al Ain president and team manager Matar Al Sahbani denies any rumours about a contract with the Brazilian player Michel Bastos of Lyon. He did not arrive at the Al Ain camp in Spain.
"He also asks Al Ain fans to forget any worries about their team because the Al Ain board of directors - chaired by Sheikh Abdullah bin Mohammed bin Khalid Al Nahyan - have been working hard for a long time, including over Eid, to land top foreign players so they can help the club reach new targets.”The reigning Pro League champions continue their pre-season training camp in Spain with a match against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
Bastos, meanwhile, scored in Lyon's 1-1 draw with Evian on Friday night; his second in as many matches for the Rhone outfit.February 10 , 2016. Fuego , Bromo , Kirishima , Piton de la Fournaise .
February 10 , 2016.
Fuego , Guatemala :
Activity type : Vulcanian.
Morphology : composite Stratovolcano
Geographical location: 14 ° 28 ‘ 54″ North Latitude ;
90 ° 52′ 54 « West Longitude.
Height: 3,763 m.
After nearly six hours after the start of the eruption of the Fuego , the volcano observatory (OVFGO) reports that moderate to heavy explosions continue, rising to an altitude of 4800 m. Incandescent lava fountains rise 500 meters above the crater, the column of ash to a height of 4800 meters.
Currently, this one moves to the West and North, over a distance of 25 km, could extend further, according to the evolution of the eruption. It was reported falls of ash in Chimaltenango, Zaragoza, accompanied by the smell of sulfur in some areas of the department.
The eruption produced lava flows towards the canyons Trinidad, Las Lajas and Santa Teresa reaching between 800 and 2000 meters. Explosions rumble and generate shock waves, causing vibrations in the roofs and windows more than 25 kilometers from the volcano.
This eruption, like the previous ones, can generate pyroclastic flows through canyons Las Lajas and El Jute and other around the volcano. So it is necessary to take precautions and not to remain near or in canyons.
Source : Insivumeh.
Video : Nelomh
Photo : Raul Arambula Mendoza
Bromo , Indonesia :
Enjoy the latest news from our friend Oystein Lund Andersen, who treats us with its sumptuous pictures and his wise comments. ( )
Activity of the Volcano
Update:13:53 local time february 08 :
First eruption of the day was heard around 10:57 local time, accompanied by a short period of ash-emission. Plume reached around 600-800m in height.
.
Kirishima , Japan :
Kirishima Iozan , plateau Ebino : L’enquête de terrain a été menée, les fumerolles sont observables sur le côté Sud-Ouest et le versant Sud du cratère Iozan.
Durant l’observation par le dispositif infrarouge d’imagerie thermique il a été constaté une anomalie thermique dans le talus du côté Sud-0uest du cratère Iozan, qui s’élargit sur le côté Nord. L’anomalie thermique de 70 degrés le 8/9 février et était à 80 degrés le 22 janvier
En outre, dans la périphérie du Iozan, il a été confirmé l’importance de l’odeur du sulfure d’hydrogène.
Le 7 février, il y a eu des secousses volcaniques de petite amplitude, accompagnées par un léger renflement dans l’inclinomètre. Aujourd’hui (09), les tremors volcaniques n’ont pas été observés. Le niveau d’alerte reste au 1. : Gvp , Jma .
Photo : Y .Yoshitsuru
Piton De La Fournaise , La Réunion :
REPORT for the period from 1 November 2015 to 9 February 2016:
Seismicity:
Seismicity has remained at a fairly high level until mid-November 2015 with 11 summital earthquakes (~ 0.5km – 1.5km above sea level) and 4.5 deep earthquakes (~ 2km under the sea level) average per day then it stabilized at 2 summital earthquakes per day when no deep earthquake was detected.
Figure 1: Total of seismicity at Piton de la Fournaise since the end of the eruption from August 24 to October 31, 2015
Deformation
Following the end of the eruption from 24 August to 31 October 2015, the distortion data showed initially a rise in inflation of the volcano relatively fast (up to 1.5 cm dilation of the summit area in a month). During the month of December a significant slowdown was observed until mid-January 2015 (less than 0.5 cm dilation of the summit area in a month and a half).
Since 24 January 2016, the GPS network recording a new acceleration of inflation (up to 1cm expansion of the summit area in 15 days).
Originally the pressure source of that inflation is currently located at 1500-2000 m below the crater Dolomieu. Note that the inflation rates are comparable to those observed before eruptions of July and August 2015.
Volcanic gases
The evolution of volcanic gas stream is synchronous with that of the deformations. Gas geochemistry data showed initially a reduction in both CO2 flux measured in the soil away from the summit and sulfur emissions at the summit of the volcano.
Since late January 2016, the network geochemical of OVPF reported moderate increasing trend of CO2 flow through the ground at the distal stations and increased sulfur emissions (SO2 and H2S) and CO2 at the level of summital fumaroles.
Source : OvpfGUILTY PLEASURES
Guilty Pleasures was a comedy show hosted by Rob Rouse with celebrity guests discussing the slightly offbeat, unusual or downright geeky pastimes they enjoy in the privacy of their own time and space - their 'Guilty Pleasures'. The show was recorded at Teddington Studios.
<<
>>
Back to IndexNow didn’t want to know the tricks and inner alchemy of this intricate golden delicacy…
But when you live with a celebrity chef who spends an entire year pining for Jamie’s mega chocolate fudge cake then you need to know how to make fudge… It’s that simple and frankly if I had known how easy it was to make fudge I would have been making it for years, ignorance is slightly leaner.
This is what you are aiming for:
Let’s Meet The Players: These measurements are all according to our little chef so don’t panic if you are slightly off…
- 1 can of condensed milk
- 1 cup of castor sugar
- 1 knob of butter (about 50 grams)
- 2 tablespoons of syrup
- 1 capful of vanilla essence
Let’s Play The Game:
Step 1: Pour your sugar into a pot.
Step 2: Measure and add your butter.
Step 3: Add in your can of condensed milk.
Step 4: Heat your Tablespoon in hot water then measure the syrup into the pot… the hot spoon means that the syrup will just fall into the pot (no mess!).
Step 5: Place pot on a low heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. At this stage I took over and seriously I would not let a young child near this boiling pot of sugar – the Celebrity Chef, got retrenched and was only re-employed much later to help gobble!
Step 6: Turn up the heat slightly and stir frantically for about five minutes. Don’t make it too hot or forget to stir or you will get little fleks of dark toffee in your smooth fudge mixture (Ahem!).
Step 7: Take the fudge off the heat and stir your capful of vanilla essence through the mixture. Pour it out into a large flat dish and leave it in the fridge to set. Once it has set cut it into small (but not too small!!!) blocks and feast away.
And you are done!!! I don’t have to make any suggestions here: guzzle it up and enjoy it!!!
23 responses so far ↓
1 Ash // Oct 17, 2009 at 4:17 pm
Yummmmmm…..
I always seem to make fudge around this time of year – makes a yummy pressie for some of those family friends (dads) who it’s difficult to find gifts for. You’re using a similar recipe to mine. I tend to leave out the syrup as I think it tastes more vanilla-ey and nicer without it. It’s also YUM if you stir in a slab of choc just at the end before pouring it out to set. Oooh, now I think I’ll head off and see if I have a tin of condensed milk in the pantry….
2 The Week That Was – 2.16 | se7en // Oct 18, 2009 at 12:10 am
[…] some cold torrential rain where the only good thing to do was make and eat fudge and wait for the rain to pass!!! We had the week off school and as usual I have no idea how we ever […]
3 se7en // Oct 18, 2009 at 12:22 am
Hi A… I am making every effort to make sure that no cans of condense milk come into our house!!! But we may have to try that chocolate idea… hmmm it does sound very good!!!
4 The Celebrity Chef Tries Jamie Oliver’s Mega Chocolate Fudge Cake in Se7en Steps… Pass It On Recipe. | se7en // Oct 21, 2009 at 8:19 am
[…] a batch of fudge […]
5 Saturday Spot: Se7en Do Christmas Shopping and Feasting Around Cape Town… | se7en // Dec 14, 2009 at 12:56 am
[…] there is plenty to eat and snack on at the market, not to mention the prettiest cup cakes and fudge… the kind of place we are all set to shop […]
6 Happy Birthday Hood #3… » se7en // Apr 10, 2010 at 7:17 am
[…] What’s your favorite food: Fudge […]
7 This Week (14 June 2010) At Se7en… » se7en // Jun 18, 2010 at 7:47 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
8 Se7en’s June… » se7en // Jun 2, 2011 at 3:17 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
9 Se7en’s June and a Free Printable Calendar for You… » se7en // Jun 2, 2012 at 3:49 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
10 Se7en's June... And a New Free Printable Calendar... - se7en // Jun 2, 2013 at 3:18 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
11 Vida // Jan 10, 2014 at 9:50 pm
I was so eager to make this but unfortunatelly it didn’t came out as it was supposed to. We ate it as a sauce, as it didn’t harden. What did we do wrong?
12 se7en // Jan 12, 2014 at 2:14 am
Vida, I have no idea why yours didn’t set, perhaps it didn’t boil quite long enough… we have never had a fail with this recipe. What I can say is that it must have made a delicious sauce. wishing you all the best for a great weekend!!!
13 Vida // Feb 14, 2014 at 8:33 pm
Could you tell me how big is your can of milk in grams or in mililitres. We didn’t have a can so perhaps this was a reason for our failure. Thanks.
14 se7en // Feb 16, 2014 at 2:52 am
Hi Vida, I took a while to reply because I went to the store and bought some condense milk just to check… our cans of condense milk are 385 grams. I hope that helps and wish you every success with the recipe!!! Have a fun weekend!!!
15 Vida // May 9, 2014 at 8:05 pm
Thank you. I tried one more time and this time it worked. Unfortunatedly (or not:)) nobody liked it except me. So I ate it all (over fortnight). Have a wonderful weekend.
16 se7en // May 9, 2014 at 8:30 pm
Oh Vida, I am so glad that it worked out and thank you for reminding me of it… it is very cold and wet here and the perfect weekend to make a batch!!! I have no idea how you managed to make it last two weeks!!! Hope you have a wonderful weekend too…
17 Se7en's June... and your Free Printable Calendar... - se7en | se7en // Jun 2, 2014 at 3:44 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
18 Marcia (123 blog) // Jun 2, 2014 at 10:28 am
okay, my friend, I’m going to try. This has got to be IT.
I have a long record of failed fudge attempts – hopefully that was the last fail.
I will Instagram 🙂
Marcia (123 blog)´s last blog post ..This has been a strange week
19 se7en // Jun 2, 2014 at 11:06 am
Oh Marcia… Wishing you all the best!!! I should make some in solidarity!!! Hope it goes well… Seriously, watch and stir!!! Wishing you all the best on your fudge adventure!!!
20 A Week of Making and Baking, Se7en's Christmas Gifting... - se7en | se7en // Dec 28, 2014 at 4:10 am
[…] Caramel Sauce and Fudge […]
21 Se7en's June Calendar and Your Free Printable... - se7en | se7en // Jun 2, 2015 at 2:53 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
22 Se7en's June Calendar and Your Free Printable Calendar Page... - se7en | se7en // Jun 2, 2016 at 4:06 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]
23 Se7en's June and Your Free Printable Calendar... - se7en | se7enSe7en's June and Your Free Printable Calendar... - se7en // Jun 2, 2017 at 8:35 am
[…] Se7en Make Fudge in a Flash. […]Hello All,
We are very close to finishing up our website. With the completion of the website we will be able to focus on making our videos come to life for you. In these videos we will be giving you two different perspectives of our crazy geek gaming. There are many video games out there and we intend to help keep you all entertained by playing as many of them as possible and providing you with our feedback on the game. Please leave comments below so we can help to make your experience better.[Rick Ross]
We finna make history
Carol City in this m'fucka
Lil' Pump, what's up?
I started right where you at, nigga
Fifty million later, ya hear me?
Whoa
Maybach Music
[Rick Ross]
All the hoes wanna suck dick
All the hoes wanna fuck me
All the niggas wanna hate, though
Get whacked in the front seat
FaceTime when she topless
Can't post all the choppas
Dade County where I came from
No room for imposters
Cocaine on the stovetop
Yayo up, won't lie
Fast break like a b-ball
Bullet hole like a Donut
Bel-Air for the new crib
Bel-Air for the black bottom
Bel-Air my new old school
Gettin' out like I'm John Gotti
Fuck nigga don't want none
Goin' bad like I'm on somethin'
50 grand for the new watch
Rob me and I won't run
Window on the photo
Call her up on the polo
Everybody still gang-gang but your ass die solo
Everybody die solo, everybody die solo
Everybody die solo, everybody die solo
[Lil Pump]
Bang
Lil' Pump, ooh, aye
[Lil Pump]
Spent twenty racks on a pinky ring
Walk in the club with a diamond chain
Spent twenty racks on a pinky ring
Walk in the club with a diamond chain
Pinky ring, pinky ring, pinky ring
Pinky ring, pinky ring
Pinky ring, pinky ring, pinky ring
Pinky ring, pinky ring
Paroles de chansons de Lil Pump
Sélection des chansons du momentEmma is 6 months old now and so, so fun.
She still doesn’t really like baby food, but she is starting to eat some table foods like bananas and those little puff cereal pieces that melt in the mouth. We might just skip baby food at this point!
No one can make Emma laugh like Nathan and he loves to do it!
Emma sleeps good and eats good and is getting rollier every day.
No teeth, but I think she’s working on it.
She’s also not mobile in any way yet. I’m perfectly fine with that. Nathan didn’t crawl until after he was 10 months old.
Emma loves anything crinkly or made of paper. She’d be happy if I let her play with trash all day. I can’t say I never entertain her with an empty fruit snack wrapper.
Emma is just an all around happy, sweet and content baby and we love her to bits!
I don’t ever think to ask this, because to me she just looks like Emma, but who do YOU think she looks like?
3 comments:
Emma on her belly with the striped shirt on.....and her hair looks a bit red.....looks a lot like Ryan to me...but then I might be hoping for red hair..Cute! So happy! She is adorable! Have to get you all down here to see us!!
She looks like Nathan to me. ;) I think both of your kids are a good mix of you two!
Emma actually reminds me a lot of my sister's baby who's now 4 years old. It's crazy. :) And if Emma loves crinkly sounds, my MIL takes the plasticy paper lining from cereal boxes, then sews scrap cloth around it, to turn it into a square crinkly toy. :) Very cheap, and keeps them happy.Michigan legislators are in a pitched and partisan battle over proposed reforms to the state’s auto no-fault insurance system. Mainly Republican reformers are intent on lowering the state’s sky-high car insurance premiums by imposing cost controls on catastrophic accident claims. Mainly Democratic opponents say the move threatens a strong system that may be the best in the nation. Many allege it’s a money grab by the insurance industry and their allies in the legislature.
Current State talks about the debate over no-fault auto insurance reform with Kathleen Gray of the Detroit Free Press.Physicians are ordered by state.
Providers listed on this website are not endorsed by the Health Organization for Pudendal Education. This list is offered as a public service for informational purposes only.
Arizona Center for Chronic Pelvic Pain
Dr. Michael Hibner and Dr. Mario Castellanos are fellowship trained surgical gynecologists in the Division of Surgery and Pelvic Pain at St. Joseph's Medical Center, Phoenix, Arizona. They are both board certified in Obstetrics and Gynecology and hold academic appointments at the University of Arizona College of Medicine and Creighton University School of Medicine. Dr. Michael Hibner is the Division Director and he completed a pudendal neuralgia apprenticeship with Prof. Roger Robert in Nantes, France in 2003. Dr. Mario Castellanos completed a 2 year Minimally Invasive Gynecologic Surgery and Pelvic Pain Fellowship with Dr. Michael Hibner in 2012.
Their office offers a comprehensive evaluation that includes a visit with their physical therapist Loretta Robertson, PT, and an MRI of the pelvis to evaluate for pudendal nerve entrapment. Treatment options offered specifically for pudendal neuralgia include ultrasound guided blocks of the dorsal and perineal nerve branches, pudendal vein sclerotization, CT guided pudendal nerve blocks, pulsed radiofrequency nerve ablation, amniotic fluid injections, Botox injections, and Ketamine. Dr. Hibner and Dr. Castellanos both perform pudendal nerve decompression surgery using a transgluteal approach as well as laparoscopically with the DaVinci Surgical Robot.
Dignity Health
St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center
Arizona Center for Chronic Pelvic Pain
Division of Surgery and Pelvic Pain
500 W. Thomas Rd., Suite 680
Phoenix, AZ 85013
Tel: 602-406-6017
Dr. Aaron Filler is a neurosurgeon who offers a pudendal neuralgia diagnosis as well as surgical treatment in Santa Monica, California. If you are interested in making an appointment, you can contact Dr. Filler directly through this appointment request form on his website.
Institute for Nerve Medicine
Center for Advanced Spinal Neurosurgery
2716 Ocean Park Boulevard, Suite 3082
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Tel: 310-314-6410
Toll Free: 866-41-NERVES
Dr. Sheldon Jordan is a California based neurologist who performs guided nerve blocks, injects Botox, and performs the pudendal nerve motor latency test.
Neurological Associates of West Los Angeles
2811 Wilshire Boulevard, #790
Santa Monica, CA 90403
Phone: 310-829-5968, ext. 244
Website: neurologywestla.com/neurologist/dr-sheldon-jordan/
HIPAA Compliant e-mail address: DrJordan@naowla.com
Dr. Stephen Irving Mann, based in California, performs the pudendal nerve motor latency test.
2801 K Street
Suite 410
Sacramento, CA 95816
Tel: 916-733-5024
Dr. Jerome Weiss is a urologist in San Francisco, California who is a leader in conservative treatments for pudendal neuralgia. He performs nerve blocks, physical therapy, trigger point injections and heparin injections.
The Pacific Center for Pelvic Pain and Dysfunction
490 Post Street
Suite 1100
San Francisco, CA 94102
Tel: 415-441-5800
Dr. Nel Gerig is a urologist who treats patients with pelvic pain disorders including interstitial cystitis, pelvic floor dysfunction, pudendal neuralgia, chronic prostatitis, dyspareunia, vulvodynia, vulvar vestibulitis, endometrisis, sacroiliac joint dysfunction, and other manifestations of pelvic and low back pain syndrome. Her approach is interdisciplinary, involving physical therapists and many other medical specialists in the care of those suffering with various aspects of pelvic pain syndrome. Dr. Gerig is the medical director of Pelvic Solutions Network, a group of providers working together to help those with pelvic pain.
Dr. Nel Gerig
1601 E 19th Ave., Suite 5500
Denver, CO 80218
Phone: 303-260-5092
Dr. Anthony Gyang, M.D., ACOG, is board certified in Obstetrics and Gynecology. Dr. Gyang is fellowship trained in minimally invasive surgery including chronic pelvic pain. His career is focused on the management of chronic pelvic pain, pelvic organ prolapse, abnormal uterine bleeding, and the management of benign pelvic masses.
Dr. Gyang has three office locations in the greater Orlando, Florida area and is using the most current clinical modalities of treatment for chronic pelvic pain, including Amniotic Cells, Botox, and Nerve Blocks, among other treatment options.
Dr. Anthony Gyang
2877 Delaney Ave.
Orlando, FL 32806
505 W. Oak Street
Kissimmee, FL 34741
3004 17th Street
St. Cloud, FL 34769
Tel: 407-483-7777
Websites:, in the field of reconstructive surgery. He continues to train physicians and participate as an expert advisor to the medical industry in the development of surgical techniques and devices.
Dr. Goldwasser specializes in the treatment of various gynecologic and urologic problems including Pelvic Pain, Interstitial Cystitis, Recurrent UTIs, Pelvic Organ Prolapse, Urinary Incontinence and Overactive bladder. Treatments for patients with Pudendal Neuralgia include Amniotic Allograft Injections, Botox, and Pudendal Nerve Blocks.
Steven Goldwasser, M.D.
Urogynecology - (A Division of North Florida OB/GYN)
14546 Old St. Augustine Rd, Suite 402
Jacksonville, Florida 32258
Tel: 904-245-1328
Website:
Dr. Diana Atashroo is gynecologist fellowship trained in chronic pelvic pain and minimally invasive surgery under the mentorship of Dr. Michael Hibner. She practices at Northshore University Health System as part of the Center for Pelvic Health, in the northern Chicago suburbs. She offers women a comprehensive, approach for the evaluation and treatment of pelvic pain disorders including pudendal neuralgia, pelvic floor dysfunction, vulvar neuropathies, and other chronic pain conditions. Dr. Atashroo and her team strongly believe in the multidisciplinary approach to the management of chronic pelvic pain. Surgical treatment options specific to pudendal neuralgia include ultrasound guided blocks of dorsal and perineal nerve branches, pudendal vein sclerotization, CT-guided nerve blocks (by an interventional radiologist), and Botox injections.
Northshore University Health System
Department of Obstetric and Gynecology
Gynecological Pain & Minimally Invasive Surgery
757 Park Avenue West, Suite 3870
Highland Park, IL 60035
Telephone: (847) 926-6544
Website:
Dr. A. Lee Dellon pioneered a surgical approach to release entrapments of the dorsal penile and clitoral branches of the pudendal nerve and also performs surgical release of related pelvic nerve entrapments.
A. Lee Dellon, MD, PhD
Surgery, Johns Hopkins University
Professor of Neurosurgery, Johns Hopkins University
Dellon Institutes for Peripheral Nerve Surgery
Website:
PAIN SOLUTIONS, 2nd edition, 2011, Chapter 12, Pelvic Pain, available for download free at Dellon.com
Publication: Benjamin Alcock and the Pudendal Canal
Dr. Richard Marvel is a Gynecologist specializing in pain management in women and men. He is currently able to provide diagnosis and treatment for pudendal neuralgia. He is able to provide pudendal nerve blocks, warm detection threshold testing (WDT), and pudendal nerve motor latency tests. He performs the transgluteal approach to surgery with conservation of the sacrotuberous ligament. He has performed cases with Dr. Eric Bautrant in France, Dr. Antolak in Minnesota, and Dr. Jim Campbell, neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins. He is a fellow of the American College of Surgery and is on the faculty of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He is currently offering Botox injections as well.
130 Lubrano Drive, Suite 111
Annapolis, MD 21401
Towson, MD 21204
Phone: 410-573-1436
Toll Free: 855-573-1436
Website:
Dr. Howard Richard is an Interventional radiologist who performs image guided procedures for the diagnosis and treatment of pudendal neuralgia.
Website: findadoctor.umm.edu/Details/23894
Publication: Link
Kenneth M. Peters, MD sees pudendal neuralgia patients at Beaumont Hospital Women's Urology Center. This is a multidisciplinary center designed to treat women with Chronic Pelvic pain. The center has fellowship trained physicians, nurse practitioners, pelvic floor physical therapy, integrative medicine and psychological services.
Dr. Peters and his team believe strongly in a multidisciplinary approach to the management of chronic pelvic pain. Since 2004 he has been doing pudendal neuromodulation for voiding and bowel dysfunction and chronic pain. More recently, he has had many patients coming with the diagnosis of pudendal neuralgia and PGAD and has had good success in properly selected patients.
The contact information is:
Kenneth M. Peters, MD
Beaumont Women's Urology Center
3601 West 13 Mile Rd
Royal Oak, MI 48073
Phone: 248-898-0898
Website: womenshealth.beaumont.edu/womens-urology-center
Dr. Peters also sees men in his private office:
Comprehensive Urology
31157 Woodward Ave.
Royal Oak, MI 48073
Phone: 248-336-012
Dr. Mark Conway is an ob/gyn who is the head of the obstetrics and gynecology department at St. Joseph's Hospital in Nashua, New Hampshire. Dr. Conway has made multiple trips to Aix in Provence to learn the TIR surgical technique from Dr. Eric Bautrant and to learn Dr. Eric deBisschop's technique for EMG study of the pudendal nerve (pre-operatively and intra-operatively). He also visited Dr. Hibner and Dr. Antolak and performs the transgluteal pudendal nerve decompression surgery. Dr. Conway has partnered with other providers to create a comprehensive pudendal neuralgia treatment center -- offering conservative therapies, medication management, EMG studies, a surgical solution to treat pudendal nerve entrapment, as well as comprehensive post-operative care.
OB / GYN Associates of Southern New Hampshire
30 Daniel Webster Highway, #30
Merrimack, NH 03054
Tel: 603-883-3365
Dr. Jason Cohen is an interventional pain management specialist located in New Jersey. He combines medication, PT, interventional blocks, ultrasound therapy, and neuromodulation when indicated.
Offices are located in Hamilton and North Brunswick, NJ
Phone: 609-890-4080
Dr. Andrew Elkwood of The Institute for Advanced Reconstruction in Shrewsbury, New Jersey is a renowned expert in nerve decompression surgery for a variety of conditions with a specialized focus on pudendal nerve injuries including piriformis syndrome. Using a multi-disciplinary approach, Dr. Elkwood combines detailed analysis with advanced diagnostics to provide a patient-specific array of treatment options for both men and women.
Andrew Elkwood M.D., FACS
The Institute for Advanced Reconstruction
535 Sycamore Avenue
Shrewsbury, New Jersey 07702
Convenient locations throughout New Jersey.
To learn more about the procedures, view patient testimonials or to schedule a consultation please visit
or call 866-263-9123.
Dr. Jeffrey Fossati is a physician in Paramus New Jersey who specializes in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the Northern New Jersey Pain and Rehabilitation Center, a state licensed comprehensive outpatient rehabilitation facility (CORF). The treatments offered for pudendal neuralgia patients include physical therapy, trigger point injections, and counseling.
37 West Century Road
Suite 111
Paramus, NJ 07652
201-262-2244 office
201-262-2246 fax
Website:
Marc A. Greenstein, DO, FACOS, is a board-certified urologist with a core osteopathic philosophy who specializes in interstitial cystitis, chronic prostatitis and chronic pelvic pain syndromes. He uses an integrative approach, which includes compounding medications, stress reduction, pelvic floor physical therapy, and dietary modifications to treat PN/PNE.
Office address:
Urology Group of New Jersey
741 Northfield Avenue
Suite 206
West Orange, NJ 07052
Tel: 973-325-6100
Tel: 973-530-9300
Website:
Dr. Linqiu Zhou is a physiatrist and interventional pain physician who offers treatment options of pudendal nerve blocks using fluoroscopic guidance as well as ganglion impar blocks, medication, and physical therapy for pudendal neuralgia patients.
Office:
730 N Broad St., Suite 205
Woodbury, NJ 08096
Phone: 856-202-5331
Dr. Amy Benjamin and Dr. Jorge Carrillo
University Obstetrics and Gynecology
500 Red Creek Drive
Suite 110
Rochester, NY 14623
Tel: 585-487-3420
Drs. Benjamin and Carrillo are fellowship trained in chronic pelvic pain and minimally invasive gynecologic surgery. They provide evaluation and treatment of patients with chronic pelvic pain including pudendal neuralgia. They work with interventional radiologist (Dr. Per-Lennart Westesson) who performs CT-guided nerve blocks. Drs. Benjamin and Carrillo offer laparoscopic sacrospinous ligament transection for appropriate candidates. Dr. Carrillo is fluent in Spanish.
John Carrino, M.D., M.P.H.
Vice Chariman, Department of Radiology and Imaging
Hospital for Special Surgery
535 East 70th St.
New York, NY 10021
Tel: 212-774-7149 Appointments
Tel: 646-797-8431 Office
Website:
Hollis G. Potter, MDChief, Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Professor of Radiology
Weill Medical College of Cornell University
The address is as follows:
Diagnostic Radiology
Hospital for Special Surgery
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
535 East 70th Street
New York NY 10021
Appointment Desk
Tel 212-774-7296
The script should be as follows.
MRI of the Pelvis
Bilateral Pudendal nerve
1) From ischial spine to Sacro Spinal ligament beneath Sacrotuberous ligament and to the Alcock's canal.
2) Dorsal Nerve of the clitoris or penis especially passing through the pubic bone.
To be reviewed by Dr. Hollis Potter.
Please have it faxed to 212-774-7295 by your doctor and then call MRI department at 212-774-7296 to schedule an appointment.
Deborah Coady, MD
Soho Obstetrics and Gynecology, PC
Author of
Healing Painful Sex
A Woman's Guide to Confronting, Diagnosing, and Treating Sexual Pain
430 West Broadway
New York, NY 10012
Tel: 212-941-0011
Website:
For services see this link:
Dr. Kenneth Chapman
Manhattan Office
860 5th Avenue
New York, NY 10065
Tel: 212-724-7246
Website:
Staten Island Office
1534 Victory Blvd.
Staten Island, NY 10314
Tel: 718-667-3577
Dr. Chapman specializes in interventional pain management and anesthesiology. He performs pudendal nerve blocks fluoroscopically with nerve stimulator assistance.
Dr(s). Allyson Shrikhande, Tayyaba Ahmed and Charity Hill are all physical medicine and rehabilitation specialists with a focus only in pelvic pain. The doctors at Pelvic Rehabilitation Medicine have personal and professional experience with pelvic pain and are leading the development of training modules to help educate other physicians in treating chronic pelvic pain. Allyson Shrikhande, MD is a leader is the field as the newly elected chair (in 2017) of the Medical Education Committee for the International Pelvic Pain Society.
18 East 41st Street, Suite 2002
New York, NY 10017
Tel: 646-481-4998
HIPPA Compliant
Website:
Pelvic Rehabilitation Medicine specializes in treating both men and women with chronic pelvic pain stemming from pudendal nerve conditions. To learn more please visit:
Dr. Seyed Abbas Shobeiri, MD, is Chief of Section, Female Pelvic Medicine and Reconstructive Surgery at Oklahoma University Medical Center.
He performs the TG approach.
Dr. Seyed Abbas Shobeiri
825 NE 10th St.
Ohklahoma City, OK 73104
(405) 271-9493
(405) 271-5239
Dr. Robert Echenberg is an obgyn who believes strongly in integrative medicine. His program integrates crucial modalities such as specialized pelvic floor physical therapy, yoga, accupuncture, therapeutic myofascial massage, dietetics, emotional counseling, trigger point therapies, peripheral nerve blocks, and other relaxation techniques, all of which are vital in dealing with chronic pain symptoms. He works with a network of well-trained specialists in all of these fields.
623 W. Union Blvd. Suite 5
Bethlehem, PA 18018
Phone: 610-868-0104
Website:
Dr. Barry Jarnagin, M.D. is a Fellow of the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists and is located in Tennessee. His women's pelvic heath practice treats patients with chronic pelvic pain, vulvodynia, incontinence, over active bladder, and pelvic prolapses. They provide trigger point injections, Botox, amniotic stem cell injections, pelvic floor physical therapy, and steroid injection therapy to patients with pelvic pain.
Center for Pelvic Health
Dr. Barry Jarnagin
100 Covey Dr, Ste 205
Franklin, TN 37067
Phone (615) 284-4664
Website:
Dr. Ankur Khosla and his colleague Dr. William Yancey are interested in treating people who suffer with pudendal neuralgia. They are both anesthesiology interventional pain managment physicians. They perform pudendal nerve blocks with ultrasound and fluoroscopic guidance. They also perform pulsed radio frequency treatment, botox injections of the pudendal nerve, neurolytic injections, and neuromodulation/spinal cord stimulation. They treat all forms of chronic pain and have a special interest in pudendal neuralgia.
More information can be found on their website or by calling their office.
Dr. Ankur Khosla and Dr. William Yancey
Gemini Pain & Spine Center
Tel: 832-848-0002
Website:
Dr. Matt Schocket specializes in pain management and is an expert in spinal cord stimulation.
Dr. Matt Schocket
8015 Shoal Creek Blvd, #103
Austin, TX 78757
Tel: 512.467.PAIN (7246)
Txt: 512.937.7458
Website: capitolpain.com/schocket-austinpaindoctor/
Dr. Allison Wells is a female board certified anesthesiologist who provides ketamine and lidocaine infusions at Lone Star Infusion. Treatment is provided in a confidential, gentle, comfortable setting. Ketamine infusions are used in the treatment of neuropathic pain conditions as well as treating depression, anxiety, and PTSD -- conditions which are often associated or concomitant with pudendal neuralgia.
Allison Wells, MD
Lone Star Infusion PLLC
Houston, TX
Website:
Dr. Jason G. Attaman, DO
Dr. Jason Attaman is a doctor of osteopathy in Seattle, WA who is fellowship trained and board certified in Interventional Pain Management, and residency trained and board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. He evaluates the musculoskeletal system, muscle imbalances, spasticity, and very closely interacts with and directs physical therapists. He performs image guided pudendal nerve blocks, botox injections, pulsed radiofrequency treatment of the pudendal nerve, pulsed radiofrequency treatment of the S2-S4 dorsal root ganglia, Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS) at the conus medullaris, nerve root stimulation at S2-S4, ganglion impar blocks, superior and inferior hypogastric plexus blocks, obturator internus blocks and botox, S2-S4 transforaminal epidural steroid injections, caudal epidural steroid injections, dorsal penile nerve blocks, and clitoral nerve blocks. He treats all forms of chronic pain but has a special interest in pudendal neuralgia.
All of his procedures are image guided with ultrasound or x-ray. To ensure safety and efficacy, pudendal nerve blocks are done trans-gluteally, which means the needle is placed on the outer buttock and driven under image guidance to the pudendal nerve deep in the pelvis.
Tel: 206-395-4422
Scheduling e-mail: nopain@soundinterventionalpain.com
Website:The Photo Center NW > Blog
APR 13 | Lecture: Sandra Phillips
Lecture: Sandra Phillips
April 13, 2017 | Thursday 6:30pm at Wyckoff Auditorium, Seattle University
Tickets: $10 general public | $5 PCNW members | Students FREE with ID and RSVP to pcnw@pcnw.org
Join us for a lecture by Sandra Phillips, SF MOMA Curator Emeritus and Juror, PCNW 21st Juried Exhibition, about the juried exhibition, one of the most anticipated shows in our gallery program. This year, there were 2700 images submitted by 419 photographers representing 43 states and 14 countries.
Exhibition reception to follow at PCNW.Archival Consumed: Uglydolls
The story of the Uglydolls, as David Horvath tells it, goes like this. A couple of years ago, he was living in Los Angeles, and his girlfriend, Sun-Min Kim, had moved back to Korea to be with her family. Horvath, an illustrator, wrote her long, pining letters, and at the end he would draw one of a number of cartoon characters he had made up — a blocky, orange guy named Wage, with startled round eyes and an apron. At Christmas, Kim surprised him by sending back a plush-toy version of Wage, about a foot high, that she had sewn herself. Horvath was so excited that he showed it off to Eric Nakamura, the owner of a store in Los Angeles called Giant Robot, which sold art books and magazines as well as toys and T-shirts made by artists. ”He thought I was pitching him a product,” Horvath recalls. ”He said, ‘Yeah, man, that’s great, I’ll take 20.”’
Read moreWe."
4 comments:
Flowers-for-Algernon/I-am-Legend-esque
something to thin about
think not thin
Microsoft Office
Office 2010
Microsoft Office 2010
Office 2010 key
Office 2010 download
Office 2010 Professional
Microsoft outlook
Outlook 2010
Windows 7
Microsoft outlook 2010wedding rings. Friday , May 05th , 2017 - 18:53:43 PM
* Hypo-allergenic. Ceramic wedding rings are not going to result in a nasty red rash for those who have problems with contact dermatitis. A ceramic wedding ring is inert and contains no ingredients to react with sensitive skin.. Wedding Rings!
Princess brides will love the Bridal Open Regal Style Tiara with Crystals. This dazzling tiara oozes opulence with its grand design of Swarovski rhinestone flowers and multi-size Swarovski accent rhin.Avg.Rate: 1000,00 BRL. Maggiori informazioni
Avg.Rate: 100,00 BR. Maggiori informazioni“.
John Hunter and the World Peace Game in action. Photo by Will May
For 35 years educator John Hunter has helped fourth graders resolve far more complex, global conundrums than the one Clara grappled with. He, with the support of an extraordinary school supervisor, was given the confidence to go ‘off the road’ and develop a complex structure in which students could explore solving the world’s thorniest problems. We say ‘facilitator’ not ‘teacher’ because Hunter’s approach is to hang back, to give his students agency to make all decisions as a daunting global drama plays out.
Shrinking the planet to the size of a fourth grade classroom
Fracking in the United States, the travesty in Syria, worldwide climate change and other seemingly irresolvable issues are debated every day by adults who take their roles as citizens dead seriously. Imagine a classroom where 30 fourth graders play a game that requires them to resolve these problems collectively. A classroom in which these young students take on roles usually reserved for very savvy world leaders.
Hunter sets a three dimensional stage: his students gather around a multi-leveled four-by-four-by-four-foot Plexiglas game “board”, a construction that represents the four levels of the World—undersea, ground, air and outer space. There are four countries each with different commercial and military assets. And there are realistic looking miniatures that the kids move around the board, representing all the ‘moving parts’—soldiers, tanks, airplanes, arms et cetera. Students take on roles: Prime ministers and cabinets; World Bank and United Nations representatives; two or three arms dealers; a weather god or goddess (who controls, among other things, the stock market); and a mysterious saboteur.
The Game begins as each student opens his or her top-secret dossier revealing a 13-page crisis document of 50 interlocking problems. At the end of the Game (which is played for 45 minutes one day a week, a total of seven and a half hours) all problems must be resolved and every country’s assets must be more valuable than at their starting point if they are to win the Game.
Throughout the process, the students run the show. Mr. Hunter’s role is to clarify and facilitate. Hunter weighs each student’s individual strengths and talents. As he assigns roles, he looks for opportunities to challenge each student. In a bit of inspired counter-intuitive teaching he harnesses the talents of a class jokester or disrupter for the role of saboteur. This recognition of skills that usually gets a kid in trouble turns a negative into a positive and has yielded some of the most inventive game play.
In the first few weeks, Hunter purposely overwhelms the students, which ultimately leads to their failure. He wants to unmoor them, separate them from any preconceived notions as they swim in what he terms “an empty space.” It’s in this unfamiliar territory that solutions come into focus. He notes that “...experience has taught me that failure is often—perhaps always—the gateway to new solutions. Only when the known fails do we have the opportunity to discover the unknown.”
Photo by Will May
Origins of World Peace
In the 1970s Hunter dropped in and out of schools, at a time when our country was in great upheaval. He journeyed to India to find spiritual enlightenment. Eventually returning to settle down and focus on teaching in his native Virginia. He says he did not want to lecture and he didn’t want his students to just read books. He wanted them to ‘learn through their bodies’, to become immersed. He knew that his students liked to play games so a game is what he would create. Early on his supervisor cleared the space for him to do as he wished. Inspired by his own early teachers (he had been taught in segregated schools) as well as progressive thought leaders like Mahatma Gandhi, Stewart Brand, Sun Tzu, Martin Luther King Jr., and Aung Sung Suu Kyi. Hunter started to develop the World Peace Game at Richmond Community High School, an in inner-city school.
Spontaneous compassion
As the students’ collaborative skills develop during the Game the prime ministers and their cabinets begin to click, negotiations accelerate, and budgets are calculated. The students work to navigate their way through the complex circumstances they face. They know there is a mysterious saboteur in their presence and this keeps them on their toes, adding a critical element to the Game since this awareness leads to deeper thinking as each situation unfolds.
Throughout the game Hunter reads aloud from Sun Tzu’s The Art of War. He knows some will follow a path to power and destruction. Eventually, however, they will turn away from shortsighted and hasty strategies in favor of cooperative long-term thinking. The students compete to win but winning in this game requires crafting win/win solutions. This is an unfamiliar pursuit to most of the students. When they inevitably reach the boundaries of what they know, the students often become discouraged by their own limitations. A stubborn blindness sets in. At this point Hunter guides the process by introducing some provocative questions – like “What possibilities have we missed?” “What lies beyond what we can easily see?” “How are things different than they seem?”
Photo by Will May
Failure leads to collaboration
The students reach the next stage—personal understanding—which helps some students move towards new solutions. But the game is designed to mimic real-world politics and eventually they learn that they must give themselves over to the next stage of learning—collaboration. They internalize an understanding that their solutions as an individual are constrained and they willingly begin to embrace the collective to become part of something much larger than themselves.
Somehow over the arc of the play in the Game, in ways Hunter can never predict, students find a way to peace: And they do it together for the greater good. The ‘me’ has become the ‘we.’ A state of flow rises where decisions start happening much faster. The individual student sees he or she is strengthened by participating fully with the group. And each student rises to become his or her own best self. This is when Hunter knows his students are ready to win the Game.
What really makes the game work—and the part of the game he loves the most—is the collective wisdom of the children. Each year students come up—at times at the very last moment—with ingenious and creative solutions to the world’s dilemmas. They are astoundingly victorious—passionate and earnest—each and every time.
Hunter says, “Thanks to the World Peace Game, I’ve spent most of the past three decades learning to have faith in the collective ability of humankind to solve its problems.” He reflects, “If only they could...[from this game] leverage something good for the World, they may save us all.”
John Hunter and his class visit the Pentagon to talk with Secretary of the Defense, Leon Panetta about how they would achieve world peace. Photo by Victoria Reynolds
We asked a Brooklyn judge, who must remain anonymous, about Clara’s concern for the woman who stole the milk and her suggestions for resolving the dilemma of her children’s needs. In his lengthy reply he assured us that “the simple question does not have a simple answer...” But he added that any judge would be able to keep the mother with her children, unjailed—much is left up to the judge’s discretion. He added, “I think the deeper implication of your inquiry has to do with some of the core values of our culture and society.”
So, to expand on these reflections, what if all the judges, political, and corporate leaders, and citizens of the world had participated in the World Peace Game when in fourth grade? Would we all be more inclined to cooperate? To work together to solve the World’s dilemmas? Wouldn’t we be better poised to save the world?
— DK Holland and Monica SnellingsTechnology News) How to Fail at Making a Website
Failing at developing a website is not difficult. Many people manage it without even trying. For some, however, a broken website is an effort, be they ever so amateur. So, here are some tips to get you started:
Don't test in multiple browsers.
So, up until now you've been developing only in your favourite browser. It's time to test your site in other browsers, right? Wrong! That would increase your site's availability to the audience, something to be avoided at all costs. If you've got time to be testing in other browsers, you could be more profitably spending it downloading animated "under construction" GIFs off the internet.
Include as much advertising as possible.
Advertising brings you revenue, so the more advertising you've got, the higher your income. It's simple math. If one advertisment on your site nets you $20 a month, then logically, 50 adverts on your site will net you $1000 a month. So what if your visitors have trouble finding your actual content, or if they're constantly being distracted by the flashing viagra ads, the advertisers are the source of your income, not your users.
Implement animation.
If an object on your site isn't animated, you're not trying hard enough. This is a little subtle, but the payoff is a certain amount of distress from your users as they find it difficult to concentrate on your content. Note: The animation should be independent of the user's actions, if the user is interacting with the site, they're not reading the content. They can't be distracted from the content if they're not paying attention to it in the first place.
Remove proper punctuation.
This doesn't exactly fall under the domain of web development, but it's fairly easy to implement. Replace all capital letters with lower-case ones and remove every comma and most of the full-stops. For extra marks, add a couple of hyphens into words that don't require them.
Break some images.
A broken image is one of the most common and easily recognized signs of a broken site. Make sure to give the broken image a width and height when it's within the content, so that the it breaks the flow of text and really catches the eye. Alternatively, if it affects the structure of the site, neglect to add a width and height, so that the site is subtly (or not so subtly) messed up.
And there you have it. If you follow these instructions, you'll be well on your way to a site which is unusable by even the most avid viewer. There are other improvements you can make to your site, such as page widths that are too large for the average screen resolution, broken hyperlinks, clashing colours and a thousand other small tweaks to get the maximum kludge into your site, but they're too many to list here. For more ideas, I'd suggest a visit to Yvette's Bridal Formal it should prove illuminating.
(Edit: This site is no longer on the web, so the link takes you to the Wayback Machine's archived version. Yes, that's right, your horrible sites are going to be preserved forever.)A pupil from the High School of Dundee got top marks at the SQA Star Awards.
Elle Wyatt was awarded the Academic Excellence award, one of the highest accolades a pupil can receive in Scotland.
She was lauded for her exceptional results in the 2017 SQA exams. As well as gaining A1 band passes in each Advanced Higher subject she took – Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Maths of Mechanics – at an average of 97%, Elle’s performance in Physics earned her the joint top mark in Scotland, while in Maths she was also joint top in the country, with a perfect 100%.
Elle Wyatt was named as the winner of the SQA’s Academic Excellence award at the qualification authority’s 2017 Star Awards ceremony which took place in Edinburgh on Friday evening.
Elle, who left the High School at the end S6 and is now studying Natural Sciences at Cambridge University, said: “It’s an enormous privilege to have received this award.
“I couldn’t make it to the awards ceremony, but my parents attended and Head of Physics Mr Darby collected the prize on my behalf. I found out that I had won when my
Pic Peter Devlin
mum texted me from the event so that was quite surreal really.”
The 17-year-old from Guildtown, in Perthshire, said she felt the key to her success had been working hard and doing subjects that she enjoyed.
She added: “Some of my teachers have been fabulous. I think I owe a lot to them – I couldn’t have achieved as much without them.
“It’s quite nice to have my work for Advanced Highers recognised and hopefully this will have provided me with a good springboard for university.”
Dr John Halliday, rector of the High School of Dundee, said: “This is a fantastic achievement. We encourage all our pupils to be the best they can be and for Elle this has meant coming out on top in the whole country. Encouraged by her teachers, she has worked so hard for this success, showing flair and imagination as well as grit.
“She was pushed all the way by a number of other very talented pupils in the year. I’m seriously chuffed.”
Later in the evening, Grant Ritchie, principal of Dundee and Angus College, was presented with SQA’s highest award, the SQA Fellowship in recognition of his dedication to providing great learning and teaching over the course of his career.
Before becoming principal, Grant developed creative industries in the college and worked with SQA on developing the Higher National Certificate and Diploma courses in the Creative Industries.
There was further success for the college as lecturer and course leader Sarah Ramminger was Highly Commended in the SQA Champion category.Some things aren’t meant to be
As nature often shows
There are no leaves on the winter tree,
No sun where the fern grows
We can want to suffering for one another’s touch
We can say anything, won’t amount to much
Nothing really lost, except a hungry need
Matters little for those who don’t choose love,
Our hearts rarely bleed
You’ll go your way, and I’ll go mine
Little ripples in the water stilled by time
Lamentation, a new fragrance on the wind
An imperfectly perfect pair who only knew ‘the end’
(photo credit: <a href=””>Kariobinja</a> via <a href=””>photopin</a> <a href=””>cc</a>)
Wow, you did it again. You’re on a roll my friend.
Thank you very much…sometimes the words fall from the clouds and I happen to have my hands open to catch them.
“imperfectly perfect”—I’d settle for that. 🙂 Very nice!
Glad you liked it…I have nothing else to do today but write…it’s a good day!
There’s such a great cadence this. There’s so much made of poems about “flow”, well, there’s no flow here, there’s tension, release stop and start carved up just right – and that works much better than any other device for this idea,
Yes! and I felt every ounce of tension when I wrote it…so I’m glad you felt it, too! Thank you…
J’aime que le titre est en français. Le poème a un ton qui est à la fois regrettable et une réprimande. Bonne “job”!
merci … si rien d’autre, lamentable…Killer Weekend (2007)
posted by admin, February 28, 2016 @ 6:41 pm
207478
Movie: Killer Weekend
- Director: Rob Walker
- Stars: Eric Roberts, Frida Farrell, Cherie Johnson, Jake Terrell, Moe Irvin, Christina Buenaventura, Jenna Colby, Hollis McLachlan, Katrin Teberg, Lance Delgado
- Release Date: March 01, 2007
- Run Time: 1h 30min
- Genre: Horror
Mason, obsessed with martial arts, his marriage suffering, and his business is failing tool. His wife Linda, thinking Mason would be away from home, invites her sisters and friends over. Mason, still there, may not let anyone leave.
Recent CommentsSDCC ’17: Hulk Like Fire In Thor: Ragnarok Trailer
by Erik Amaya
Comic-Con International: San Diego proved to be the place for one more Thor: Ragnarok trailer. Unleashed on Saturday, it’s filled with conversations you’ve always wanted to hear. Namely: Thor and Hulk and Thor and Banner.
I never knew how much I needed the Hulk to have a coherent conversation on screen. And, I suppose, Thor is the best person he could talk to. But it will be interesting to see the two in the completely sci-fi world director Taika Waititi has built for the two Avengers. Honestly, this looks the best Thor movie yet.
Thor: Ragnarok opens on November 3rd...=
May 15 - ALL library books and magazines are due at the end of the day
Important Dates::
Shrimp Poppers, Curly Fries, OrangesThe team at Melbourne Painters provides a full selection of painting services. We take pride in how we make it simple and affordable for people get what they need. Regardless of whether you are calling us to take care of your business premises, an industrial project, or for some residential property work, you can rely on our services. We take care of both the interior and exterior, making it easy to get what you need.
A one-stop-shop for all your painting requirements in Malvern
Regardless of whether you need us for interior or exterior requirements, we have a complete range of services that cover all your needs, without the need to call in other tradies or service people. Our dedication to completing every job to the very best standards of professionalism and workmanship comes with a guarantee that proves we stand behind all our work.
Painters with experience and expertise in all aspects of painting
We have been providing painting services in Malvern for a many years, which gives us the expertise and knowledge to perform painting work of every size and scope. We have a commitment to exceptional standards and impeccable customer service. It is easy to understand why more people in Malvern choose our services when they require any kind of painting work.
Our team will be happy to discuss your needs and ensure we are the right company to cover your requirements. We have helpful and friendly staff who can answer your questions and queries and give you all the information you need, based on your specific painting situation. Call us today on 1300 662 344 to find out more about what we can do for you. Alternatively, use our contact form and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
We also service Toorak, Richmond, Camberwell,Caulfield, Balwyn, Surrey Hills, Malvern, Hawthorn, Glen Iris, Prahran, Kew, St Kilda, Albert Park, Brighton, Bayside and many other areas across throughout Victoria.
admin Authors should identify any unusual hazards inherent in the use of any chemicals, procedures or equipment involved in the work. Work involving the use of animal or human subject requires full compliance with local, national, ethical and regulatory guidelines and formal documented approval from an appropriate institutional committee. Informed consent should be sought for experiments involving human subjects. When participants are unable to give informed consent, research should follow international guidelines or an appropriate institutional committee should decide if this is ethically acceptable.The Piss and Moan Club has had a rough time getting started. From its conception in 1998 it took over a year of fighting with Internic (ie: Network Solutions, Inc.) to approve the domain name. For a great
example of blind bureacracy at work, read through some of the email records related to the birth of pissandmoan.com below.
October 29, 1998 - Original application for domain name.
November 1, 1998 - Phone call to NSI. They acknowledge receipt of request but suggest resubmitting.
November 2, 1998 - Submitted another application for domain name..
November 10, 1998 - Phone call to NSI. Representative has his "supervisor" speak with us. Supervisor states that the domain name can't be issued because it contains one of the "seven deadly words" that will not be issued in domain names.
November 10 1998: A reply from letter sent to pissedoff.com webmaster:> Hi Bill,
> Great site you have going there with ! I can appreciate> the work it is for you guys. The reason I'm emailing you is that I'm trying
> to register a site with internic that contains the "P-word" in the URL.> That's right the letters p-i-s-s are contained for all to see. As is with
> your site, it certainly has nothing to do with micturition or any other> bodily function however, the Internic, in their divine knowledge, has
> decided to protect the world from me and not let me use the "P-word" in my> URL (doesn't "url" have kind of a profane sound to it <g>?). I protested
> that there are a lot of other nasty names out there on the web and they said> they will be revoking those names as they expire. Has anyone told you guys> yet?
They initially denied us the name, but when I sent them examples from theirown database of more extreme names, they capitulated.As far as them revoking our name -- let them try. --Bill Folsom: bill@pissedoff.comPO'd Associates LLC
November 16, 1998Dear Customer,
Network Solutions, Inc., the private corporation that provides InterNIC registration services, declines to register the domain name
for which you have applied. Network Solutions has a right founded in the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution to refuse to register, and thereby publish, on the Internet registry of domain names words that
it deems to be inappropriate. Additionally, Network Solutions' outside counsel has advised us that the Supreme Court of the United States has held that no corporation can be compelled to engage in
publication which that corporation finds to be inappropriate.Best Regards,vannNetwork Solutions, Inc.
November 18, 1998Dear Network Solutions:I have been trying to register a domain name and have run into some difficulty
with the Internic registration policy. I am starting a business that provides novelty items through stores in local shopping malls as well as through mail order. These items will be associated with a national
"club" that will allow members a light-hearted outlet to register their complaints about day-to-day aggravations. I decided to create the site after having many comments from people who see the T-shirt
(see attachment) declaring "Official Member of the Piss&Moan About Everything Club". Generally, the comments are from middle-aged to older women who ask me "where can I get one of these for my
husband?" and find it amusing in the least. Not one person has stated to me that they have found it offensive.
I want to create a website named where I will offer thisline of merchandise along with allowing
"members" to register complaints that fall in the category of "...they can send a man to the moon but why can't they...", or "...It really gets my goat when...", or other
observations about the inane and absurd aspects of life. I do not intend the site to contain any profanities or displays of flesh or bodily functions as your initial rejection of the site may have assumed. A
sampling of the kind of site I'm intending may be seen by visiting the EXISTING site of although I don't intend to address major social issues as they do nor mark any group as the "target". I want my issues to be more like "why do they put Braille markings on the drive-up teller ATMs?" for example.
Please pardon my ranting in this message, but let me make a few points in closing.
I appeal to you to please register the domain name for my business.
Sincerely,Piss and Moan Club
November 24, 1998Dear Customer,
Thank you for contacting Network Solutions, Inc., InterNIC Registration Services. The domain names you mentioned in your email
were registered before Network Solutions changed its practice with respect to domain names it would agree to register. Please understand that those registrations do not establish an irrevocable precedent.
Accordingly, Network Solutions reaffirms its decision to decline to register the domain name you have requested.
Best Regards,MaganMNetwork Solutions, Inc.
1999 - Many conversations with a lot of attorneys, civil libertarians, and even the ACLU! Then finally, other companies started registering domains without the censorship imposed by Network Solutions, and
PissAndMoan.COM was born!.
March, 2001 - The Club seems to receive a lot of mail. Unfortunately, it's from attorneys! Seems that our graphic designer came a little too close to someone's copyrighted T-shirt and we now have to pull ours
off the market. Sorry!!!
Website designed and hosted by
TRW ConsultingDriving Directions
Hallsley is located 2 1/2 miles west of the intersection of Routes 288 and Midlothian Turnpike, off Old Hundred Road. The Hallsley Information Center is located at 3900 Brightwalton Road, Midlothian, VA. Visit us first to learn about the builders, homes and amenities for the Hallsley community, the conveniences of its Midlothian location, and pick up a tour map to visit the builders’ designer models.
HOURS:
The information center is open daily. Our hours are:
Monday through Friday from 11 am to 5 pm
Saturday and Sunday from 12 noon to 5 pm
The builder designer models are open daily from 12 noon to 5 pm
Click on the area map above to enlarge.If you have come to this page from a search
engine please click here
for a full site map and access to all site pages
It was obvious to all Victorian scientists that man could improve
on nature and as early as 1860 Williams thermally decomposed rubber
and identified “spirit”, “oil” and “tar”
- the “spirit”, or volatile substance, he named isoprene
and correctly gave its elemental composition as C5H8. In 1879
Bouchardat re-combined isoprene to a rubbery material and Tilden
wrote in 1884 of its possible industrial significance (if it could
be synthesised cheaply enough). One of life’s perpetual
problems!
In 1900 Kondakoff polymerised 2,3-dimethylbutadiene to obtain
“methyl rubber” and this became the first commercial
rubber when it was produced by Bayer in 1909. Interestingly Tilden
had carried out this reaction some twenty years earlier but possibly
by accident as he never recorded it and his material was only
identified recently.
In 1912 a few car tyres were made of this elastomer and one set
went to Kaiser Wilhelm II. One, at least, of these is still in
existence and was displayed at an exhibition of the history of
rubber which toured Europe during 1995-6.
However, it was still not a commercially viable material so Germany’s
obtained most of its natural rubber from the US. This obviously
ended when the States entered the Great War in 1916 and production
of “methyl rubber” was re-commenced with some 2½
thousand tons being manufactured by the war’s end.
Russia was also active during this period, polymerising many
monomers including 1,4-butadiene in 1910 to give butadiene rubber
(BR), but neither the Russian nor the American synthetic rubber
industries was under the same pressures as Germany and, with the
price of natural rubber low again, there was little incentive
for anything other than academic research.
The situation changed drastically in 1922 when the Stephenson
Reduction Plan was introduced. This was designed to cut production
from the British-controlled plantations and so force up the price
of natural rubber (NR). Over the next three years there was a
ten fold price rise - followed by an equally rapid and catastrophic
fall as producers outside the control of Britain flooded the market.
It was this political intervention in the free market which triggered
the next phase in the development of the synthetics.
One of the first of the new materials was far removed from the
work of the preceding years in that it was prepared, by accident
in the early 20's (although not patented until 1932). This was
an ethylene polysulphide - the first of the ‘Thiokols’
which are still in use as sealants today. Working independently
in Switzerland, Baer produced a similar material in 1926 on which
IG Farbenindustrie based its Perdurens whilst in the States the
thiokol rubbers were referred to as GR-P rubber.
IG (which now included Bayer) had resumed its research in 1925
and soon came on stream with polybutadiene rubber which it called
Buna, as well as two copolymers synthesised by mixing two different
monomers together before the polymerization stage - Buna S (styrene
butadiene rubber, SBR or GR-S in America) and Buna-N (butadiene
acrylonitrile rubber, NBR or GR-A). These had reached laboratory
production by 1930 but were not industrially developed when reaction
to the Stephenson Reduction plan made the price of NR head for
the floor again.
However, in 1933, when Hitler came to power, work restarted with
a vengeance, only now with solution polymerisation, rather than
gas phase polymerisation being the preferred route forward.
Given the political situation in the 30’s it is perhaps
surprising that IG and the Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey formed
a joint study group - although they did maintain carefully identified
areas of privacy. At that time IG was making acetylene, its primary
feedstock for elastomer synthesis, from calcium carbide. This
was a private area but in about 1930 it changed to natural gas
as the primary feedstock - the use of which was a joint area so
Standard Oil became entitled to an interest. This led to Standard
holding the US patents to all the Buna rubbers, a crucial factor
in the development of the American synthetic rubber industry as
the Second World War developed and the output of NR fell essentially
to zero.
A further valuable material to come out of the IG/Standard agreement
was butyl rubber (IIR). Its precursor was synthesised by IG as
polyisobutylene (IM) and had no olefinic groups so it could not
be vulcanized. Standard added a few % of butadiene (or isoprene)
to give a low level of residual unsaturation and thus a vulcanizable
elastomer; butyl rubber.
Throughout this period all the work in the US was privately funded
and when the Second World War started production was minimal.
It only rose from 2,000 tons in1939 to 10,000 tons in 1941. However,
the first government-owned plant came on stream in mid 1942 and
by 1945 the year’s production exceeded 830,000 tons. Over
this same early period Germany’s production went from 22,000
to a peak of about 100,000 tons in the middle years of the war
and then, not surprisingly, fell to zero in 1945.
There is one other major elastomer which made its appearance
between the wars and this was polychloroprene (CR).
Its origin can be traced to the academic work of Father Julius
Nieuwland in 1922 into the dimerization of acetylene to form vinyl
acetylene. When Du Pont heard of this, it realised that the addition
of hydrogen chloride across the acetylenic bond would produce
2-chloro-1,3-butadiene, a substance structurally similar to isoprene
except that the side chain methyl group had been replaced by a
chlorine atom. This chemical, which they called chloroprene was
polymerised by Carothers and his team in 1930 and in commercial
production the next year as polychloroprene although this is still
more often called by Du Pont’s trade name which was initially
Duprene and later became Neoprene. It was the first really viable
commercial synthetic rubber.
The American contribution to synthetic rubber production during
the war had been a vast amount of fundamental research together
with production technology and plant but, when the war finished
in 1945, the cycle of cheap natural rubber returned, leading yet
again to reduced commercial interest in the synthetics.
It was left to Ziegler and Natta to re-activate the cycle in
the early 50’s when they developed catalysts which enabled
high cis 1,4-polybutadiene to be synthesised. The third phase
of production techniques had arrived. (Gas phase reactions, emulsion
phase and now catalysed stereo-regular emulsion phase.
In the early 1960’s Du Pont echoed the pre-war work of
IG/Standard when, instead of co-polymerizing just ethylene and
propylene to make ethylene prolylene rubber (EPM) with no crosslinking
sites, they included a small amount of ethylene norbornene which
provided, after co-polymerization, olefinic crosslinking sites
and gave us EPDM. It should be noted that this is still an “M”
rubber (see nomenclature of synthetic elastomers) as the main
polymer chain is saturated and the olefinic double bond forms
part of the pendant norbornene group. Butyl rubber is classified
as an “R” type because the residual double bond from
butadiene or isoprene is in the polymer chain itself.
All of the elastomers discussed so far have been either homopolymers,
(that is one monomer polymerised), or random co-polymers of two
(or three) monomers but, when some structure is fed into this
randomness, we get quite different properties.
This is the principle behind some of today’s thermoplastic
elastomers. In these materials there are soft ‘rubbery’
regions to provide extensibility coupled with ‘glassy’
regions which serve as physical network junctions at their operating
temperatures but melt, making the material mouldable (or re-mouldable)
when they are heated. These materials have been around for some
25 years and, in a world where recycling is king, they are taking
an ever-increasing share of the elastomer market with. recent
figures suggesting about 20% of the non-tyre market.
In this brief summary of the synthetics, many materials have
been omitted but one class must be mentioned since it is unique
in containing no carbon. This is the silicone rubbers, introduced
as early as in 1944 and today ubiquitous, being found in almost
every environment from the most hi-tech to every DIY fanatic’s
toolbox.
Although many people think that today’s world is ruled
by synthetics and NR is dead, its output has continued to grow
throughout the last century although certainly the synthetics
have expanded more rapidly as demand for general purpose elastomeric
materials, which can replace the natural material in many applications,
has grown more rapidly the latter can be produced and speciality
elastomers, which are used for a range of dedicated applications
for which natural and general purpose rubbers are not suited,
have been developed. In round figures, there are about 6 million
tons of NR and 9 million tons of synthetics (SR) produced per
year in the late 1990’s.
There is a final thought: most of the major synthetic elastomers
are today made from that finite material – oil. Natural
rubber comes from a renewable resource and chemical treatments
of NR are being investigated and used to enable modified NR to
operate in areas once considered the sole preserves of the synthetics.
The biosynthesis of natural rubber also consumes the greenhouse
gas carbon dioxide and it produces timber as a by-product.
The story of the synthetics vs the natural elastomer is by no
means over.Headlines in Iranian English-language dailies on Jan 24
EghtesadOnline: The following headlines appeared in local English language newspapers on Tuesday:
**IRAN NEWS
- No secret talks with Trump administration
- Iran welcomes Russia in Europe gas transfer plan
- IRISL connecting France, Iran and Asia
**IRAN DAILY
- Syria peace talks get off to rocky start
- Fajr Film Festival poster featuring Ali Hatami unveiled
- May to defend Iran deal in talks with Trump
**IRANIANS
- 'ATR plane deal with Iran coming soon'
- Iran establishes saffron bank
- Iran's trade balance positive
**KAYHAN INTERNATIONAL
- Foreign-backed delegates back terrorists in Astana
- Saudi airstrikes claim 8 lives in Yemen
- Volleyball coaching option in Tehran
**TEHRAN TIMES
- Iran seeks irreversible end to Syria war in Astana
- Fajr festival poster featuring legendary filmmaker Ali Hatami’s portrait unveiled
- Iran climbs in World Bank’s LPI global ranking
**FINANCIAL TRIBUNE
- Energy prices unchanged for fiscal 2017
- Drastic cuts in agrofood import tariff
- Threats to globalization in 2017
Send CommentIan Gowland
Reading
RG1
07958204914
About me
I have over ten years experience of counselling mainly working with sexual abuse, drugs/alcohol and LGBT issues. I work creatively with expressive arts approaches (art, drama, music, sandtray miniatures and movement), utilising my experiences in the theatre and my interest in art. I have experience of working with special education needs. I have a very comfortable, quiet consulting room located just 5 minutes walk from the centre of Reading.
Within the Person-centred ‘family’, I sit within the Person-centred Integrative modality. This means that I believe in the necessity of the core conditions, but that for me, this needs to be supported by ‘Creative Stimulation’ in the form of the creative and expressive therapies. I have a background in theatre and art, and so these approaches are very congruent with my way of being.
I also believe that verbal therapies may not always be sufficient. Research has shown that trauma is often stored in the right hemisphere and is often more difficult to make sense of by traditional talking therapies. Expressive arts therapies enables the client to access out-of-awareness material and bring it into their conscious awareness. I invite clients to experiment with drawing, movement, sound, enactment and projective methods to facilitate their understanding.
I offer a calm, reflective space where you are the focus of our sessions. My aim is to understand what it is like to be in your shoes, in a non-judgemental, empowering way.
Training, qualifications & experience
Certificate in Counselling Theory, AQA, 2001;
Certificate in Counselling Skills, AQA, 2002;
Advanced Diploma Humanistic Counselling, Guildford College, 2005;
Certificate in Person-Centred Expressive Arts Therapy, 2008;
Certificate in Creative Supervision, Jenny Biancardi Consultancy, 2012;
Postgrad Diploma in Psychological Therapies, Leeds Metropolitan University, 2012.
Member organisations
Registered / Accredited
Areas of counselling I deal with
Therapies offered
Fees
£40 per hour (some lost-cost places available). First session is free.
Maps & Directions
Type of session
Practical details
Supervision & training
The way I work as a supervisor is to aim to build a trusting relationship where the supervisee can feel free to bring whatever they would like to about their work with clients.View supervision profileCHGP Wraps Up for 2016
We can’t thank you enough for coming to the 2016 VARAC Canadian Historic Grand Prix!
The feature for the 2016 CHGP was “Flat 6 vs V-8”, Porsche versus American muscle so VARAC welcomed Trans-Am Champion Ludwig Heimrath as Grand Marshall for the 2016 Canadian Historic Grand Prix. In addition to the Canadians the CHGP was well supported by US based racing clubs such as Friends of Triumph and MG Vintage Racers. Three full days of exciting racing involving packed grids for all Vintage and Historic racing machines from Minis to Mustangs, Canada Class to Formula cars. There were nice big fields for six groups of cars including the F1600 and Formula Vee Spectacular , Monoposto, Small Bore Vintage & Historic Cars (under 1.3 litres), Big Bore Vintage & Historic Cars (over 1.3 litres), Wings & Slicks (purpose-built racing cars running on slick tires), and a big field of more than 60 of the Canadian “Classic Group 70-90 cars, (cars from 1973 to 1989 including Alfas, Corvettes, Porsches, Mustangs and many others.)
See this story and the accompanying pictures & highlights here:
Friday opened with practice, qualifying and races for all grids and finished not with the previously traditional VARAC “Pot Luck Dinner” but with a new wrinkle, the Steam Whistle Brewing Paddock Tour. This independent Canadian beer company is justly proud of producing a Premium Pilsner and the tour involved three Whistle Stops. The concept is simply to move people around the paddock, to get them to mingle and meet, talk about their cars, and eat some dinner. Competitors, crew, and volunteers were all welcomed. The first Whistle Stop was hosted by club members Tom and Carol Burge, assisted by the MG and Triumph folks, serving chicken wings from Simply BBQ. Black Prince Winery offerings were also available. Whistle Stop Two was hosted by the good folks at Move Motorsports, assisted by the F1600 and Monoposto competitors, serving up Subway Sandwiches. Then it was on to Whistle Stop Three for dessert and coffee hosted by the VARAC board. There are wrinkles to be smoothed out to be sure, but it was a great move forward, well done to all concerned.
On Saturday racing continued with more great weather and some really full grids, breaking at lunch for Can-Am demonstration laps. “Mini Meet North”, the largest assembly of Mini’s in Canada, provided an avenue for owners of this popular marque to gather together and show off their cars all weekend, and they also had an opportunity to lap the track on Saturday.
Awarded on Sunday afternoon after the last session of the weekend, the Group 44 Inc. Award was presented to Jeff Govert (Spitfire #12) by last year’s recipient, Henry Frye. The fastest large bore Triumph went to Henry Frye with his TR-250. Fastest small bore Triumph was Russ Moore in Spitfire #49. Fastest small bore MG was Nick Pratt in his very fast Midget. The fastest large bore MG was Joe Lightfoot, MGB.
The Victory Lane Magazine “Spirit of Vintage Racing” trophy was awarded to Dr. Lee Talbot. Many thanks to Doug Kurtin for again giving us really beautiful trophies to take home. Much appreciated, Doug!
It was a superb weekend all round, blessed by great weather and tons of track time. Many, many congrats to VARAC’s CHGP Director Ted Michalos and his great team of volunteers! There were tons of people who pitched in, far too many to name, thank you all!
We tried a number of new things this year and we’d appreciate hearing back from you how we did – the good and the not so good – it is only with your feedback that we can make improvements for next year. Send your comments to CHGP@varac.ca – thanks in advance for taking the time to let us know how things went.Website Info
- studies in articulation a study and drill book in the alphabetic elements of the english language
- carbon cycle cycles answer key
- australia engineering drawing h
- 7110 accounts june 2000 paper 2
- the soul of money reclaiming the wealth of our inner resources
- 2003 hyundai elantra manual pdf
- wordwise chapter 16 thermal energy and heat
- 1998 toyota rav4 factory service manual
- spinster and the prophet h g wells florence deeks and the case of the plagiarized text
- sin cosine tan practice problems kuta
- edit sentences first grade
- riggisberger berichte 8
- star delta connection diagram 3 phase motor
- manual to clean motel room pdf
- fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics 7th edition scribd
- bose av18 instruction manual
- iphone water damage repair apple store
- intertherm wiring diagram
- salamanders newts
- free download comand aps guide for mercedes e w211
- fundamentals of electric machinery solution manual
- from far away vol 4 kyoko hikawa
- shapiro bernstein co v bryan
- wiring schematic caterpillar 3412
- roche modular p800 manual
- chemistry essay answers
- economics p1 scope for 2014 final axem
- do you title an essay
- milliken publishing company answer keys mp4050
- english exam paper for form 1
- microsoft office introductory word chapter 3
- nated 3 past exam papers and solutions
- nasa guidebook for proposers
- bent over in an alleyway by a stranger first anal sex experience with erotica story
- business communication essentials 6th edition
- section 1 characteristics of animals answer key
- giada delaurentiis new book
- answer key for csi adventures case 4
- mothers of invention women the slaveholding south in american civil war drew gilpin faust
- human resource management in the health care sector a guide for administrators and professionals
- television production handbook 10th edition
- practice standard for scheduling 2nd edition
- joe b
- quran e kareem para 27
- chapter 18 ati testing
- acsi philosophy of education requirement trusth project
- answer key for interpreting graphics holt science
- 2002 ford explorer sport owner manual
- jurisprudence study guide exam colorado
- simvalley xp 45 manual download
- faceing math lesson 4 factoring polynomials answers
- sony xbr 55x900a tvs owners manual
- acer k330 user manual
- samsung galaxy 3 user manual download
- 2007 jeep unlimited service manual torrent
- avancemos 1 teacher edition
- comparative politics test bank answers
- mosby dental hygiene board review
- ocr jan 13 bio f211 mark scheme
- audemars piguet royal oak gold replica
- the fraser the great rivers of canada
- before i go to sleep sj watson
- 2013 ford v10 owners manual
- repair manual lcruiser hzj75 hzj78 hzj79 hdj80 hzj80 hzj105
- blood vessels questions and answers
- yamaha et 650 manual pdf
- 1999 pontiac grand am gt owner's guide
- honda gx motor parts
- 2002 yukon xl wiring diagram
- maintenace and service guide hp dv8000
- english comprehension passages with questions and answers for grade 6
- guided reading activity 5 2 answers
- checkpoint science past paper 2013
- konica minolta 4750 service manual
- saps reenlistments 2015
- 1940 cadillac owners manual pdf
- army aviation gunnery manual
- principle of taxation law 2014 answers
- classroom health care plan
- bryant 395cav gas furnace installation manual pdf
- genie model cm8600ic a manual
- solution manual for analysis design of analog integrated circuits
- employment and self employment opportinities for 102
- whole grains for a new generation light dishes hearty meals sweet treats and sundry snacks the everyday cook liana krissoff
- writing a user manual for a website
- comcast chattanooga guide
- answers for essentials of accounting 11e copley
- garrett s home
- figures in silk
- poetry selection test b answers
- virus detected
- 68 mustang service manual
- ny medicaid paper claims
- tmb bank exam model question paper with answers
- the ascension rays book one empowerment
- cfa business skills work err work answers
- stat fax 4500 manual pdf pdf
- status of girls report wisconsin
- mercedes benz 450sl v8 1973 haynes manuals free download
- the letters of william godwin vol 1
- honda outboard repair manual online
- combined investment co v board of butler cty comm rs
- medical microbiology single best answer
- vocab unit 3 level f answers
- 1986 ford e350 motor home chassis
- anesthesia technician and technologists manual practice exams
- 05 chevy cobalt manual
- john deere x320 mower deck repair manuals
- introduction to modern cryptography katz solution manual
- full tilt neal shusterman
- six ingredients or less cookbook
- neuropsychological foundations of learning disabilities a handbook of issues methods and practice
- ingersoll rand air compressor t30 manual
- answers to redox webquest
- 95 bmw 525i repair manual
- download vfl tricks pdf
- common core coach mathematics 4 answer key
- prentice hall earth science assessment answers
- solution manual materials science engineering an introduction
- holt science concept review temperature
- literal equations worksheet prealgebra kuta
- success intermediate workbook answer
- sea doo service manual
- admin interview questions and answers
- windows 7 manual restore
- tech drawing leaving cert
- network control and engineering for qos security and mobility v ifip 19th world computer congress
- algebra 2 final review packet answers
- 1990 vw vanagon repair manual pdf
- mg zr fuse box location
- basic concept of relay document
- business data solutions inc
- hyundai diesel engine d4bf
- lg mini split air conditioner manual
- center for learning apush handout 17 answers
- tremeroli v austin trailer equipment co
- the gospel according to coco chanel life lessons from the worldaposs most elegant woma
- chapter 7 1 life is cellular answer key
- medication calculation practice answer sheet
- gcse biology paper 2
- mazda tribute transmision diagram
- the united states of america part i
- food for today answer key study guide
- the great glass sea josh weil
- fifty bicycles that changed the world
- john deere la 105 owners manual pdf
- fractions math journal problem first grade
- a604 transmission repair manual torrents
- focus on grammar 3a answer key
- bank management 6th edition koch scott
- jee online key answer 12 4 2014
- 06 service manual
- answer my math question for free
- renault couach marine diesel
- korg triton studio manual pdf
- 88 ford bronco service manual pdf
- 2000 international t444e diesel engine manual
- where the red fern grows book activities
- heat and mass transfer solution manual
- public finance hyman solutions
- investment science solution manual free download
- kenwood excelon kdc x692 user manual
- fingerprint webquest answers
- 1987 chevy s10 blazer engine diagram
- romano kristine series 20 martha cecilia
- ready ny ccls 5 mathematics answer key
- the misfits 1 james howe
- powerplant engineering pknag solution of unsolved question
- a field guide to the culture wars the battle over values from the campaign trail to the classroom
- kahlua ice cream pie recipe
- the wrong side of gun
- test bank chapter 3 operating systems
- the art of the film
- mct2 7th grade language arts practice assessment
- rift new player guide
- nuclear energy conversion el wakil solution
- pds sintef
- wallpaper android l
- classifying chemical reactions worksheet answer key
- nagpal tool engineering and design
- an nasher the asp
- cryptic quiz c answers 43
- the australian house building manual edition 7
- honda accord power windows fuse location
- sanyo clt 9936g telephones owners manual
- integrated algebra january 2010 answers
- chapter 26 guided reading the cold war heats up answer key
- red alert 3 game guide
- bibliotheca coleiana a catalogue of the collection books private property john cole
- danger in a red dress
- disa security technical implementation guide
- answers to applied problems in managerial economics
- physical education learning packets answer key volleyball
- falling for autumn
- critical reflections on nuclear and renewable energy
- ethics research paper outline
- dc550 d pace manual
- apple ipod mini user39s guide
- case 580k manual pdf
- holt american government daily quizzes answer
- happiness key series 1 emilie richards
- intermediate accounting ifrs edition solutions manual pdf
- fiat panda owners manual
- porthole volume one paris s revenge
- mobile honda 2000 crv manual
- 2001 4runner owners manual
- sony vaio notebook service manual
- apartment ratings the capes at ventura
- casp lab manual for diploma mechanical
- hesi admission assessment exam review 2nd edition
- the unshakable truth josh mcdowell
- good facilitator guide template
- cisco unity connection 86 installation guide
- mbira healing music of zimbabwe
- physical chemistry for the life sciences solutions manual
- at the seven stars
- measuring democracy a bridge between scholarship and politics
- free pdf kawasaki bayou 300 manual
- module 6 routing study guide answers 4 1
- manual changeover switch for generator
- seat toledo 2005 manual
- harley davidson 25000 mile service
- introduction to academic writing answer key alice oshima
- cancer free the comprehensive cancer prevention program
- staar master 5th grade answers key
- red hat enterprise linux 5 administration unleashed
- roehl v gisselman
- general chemistry ebbing gammon 9th edition solution manual
- mercruiser 3 0 carberetor diagram
- brother mfc 7840w printer manual
- sony pcv a1111m user manual
- edexcel november 2014 cal higher
- heat transfer incropera 5th edition solution manual
- financial accounting 8th edition weygandt solutions
- basic electrical engineering questions answers interview
- nintendo ds game manuals
- kenwood car stereo kdc 135 manual
- flight instructor endorsement guide
- advanced waste water solutions
- practice bubble answer sheet
- augustus the life of romes first emperor anthony everitt
- samsung 943n monitors owners manual
- jumble solutions answers
- mp4041 milliken publishing company answers
- pokemon black white 2 strategy guide
- oil drilling rig diagram
- 1 2 a geometry word puzzle answers
- sample quality control policy manual
- crucible study guide answers act 2
- claudii galeni opera omnia vol 13
- geometry readiness test california mdtp
- answer key for physical science
- unit 4 macroeconomics sample multiple choice answers
- the perfect kiss merridew sisters 4 anne gracie
- slave to the lender
- philippines literacy rate
- 2005 impala wiring diagram
- stanley m horton teologia sistematica gratis
- ppk walther co2 user manual
- meiosis study guide with answers
- w luce v anthony lee
- chemistry guided and study workbook answer key
- credit card processing solutions
- holt environmental science assessment chapter test answers
- tafe financial accounting applications cengage answers
- verizon wireless router manual
- grade 1 writing curriculum
- z24 nissan engine torque specs
- chemistry matter and change chapter 15 answer key
- walt huber real estate principles quiz answers
- a to z of interview 1st edition
- gardner 6lxb starter motor
- next american nation the new nationalism and the fourth american revolution
- colin drury management accounting 8th edition solutions
- goodbye little rock and roller
- wiring diagram hyundai i10
- mastering physics solutions chapter 28
- keil v glacier park
- data engineering issues in e commerce and services second international workshop deecs 2006 san fr
- cima exam papers and answers
- science 24 module 1b answers
- krohn v marcus cable associates
- operations management stevenson 11th edition solutions manual
- answers to the living environment review 2014
- technical analysis double top
- economics vocabulary crossword answers
- new english file pre intermediate work answer key
- math makes sense practice and homework book grade 6 answers
- rackmount cv s1601 switches owners manual
- daewoo koc 875t 875tsl user guide
- limpopo provincial government natural science grade 9 november 2014
- science and urban life guided reading answers
- wiring diagram 1996 camaro windshield wipers
- knock sensor location diagram 2004 ford f150
- crimson joy
- fred and theresa holtzclaw reading guide answers
- asian pacific journal allergy immunology
- innovative state how new technologies can transform government aneesh chopra
- manual nokia n70 espanol
- samsung focus s user manual5900 Hillandale Drive
Lithonia, GA 30058
770-987-2155
5900 Hillandale Drive Suite 215 Lithonia, GA
Affordable Medical Clinic
2724 Evans Mill Road Lithonia, GA
I see Dr.Mitchell at a free clinic and she is absolutely wonderful. She takes out time with you and makes sure you understand what she is telling you!4Indu Verma Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Husband,Bio Details: Indu Verma is a popular Indian TV actress, who was convicted for misappropriating the cheques of her employer Thomas Cook India Private Limited by purchasing jewellery worth Rs 17.50 lakh..
Indu Verma Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Husband,Bio Details
Indu Verma Wiki,Biography,Age,Date of Birth,Husband,Bio Details
News:.
Credited: Indiatoday.intoday.in
We will come back with more news, till than take care and stay blessed.In honor of local band Authmentis’ Kickstarter(launching Monday the 27) I sat down with Sam Spivey(author of my guest blog here) to nerd out about Comics, Neil Gaiman and to review “Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader” A.K.A The Death of Batman.
It was a lot of fun and I hope you enjoy it as much as we did
-M-
Advertisements
One thought on “Whatever Happened to the Caped Crusader Video Review”- I first want to apologize for my poor spelling in the names of people and whatnot, I write it as it sounds. Also, Alex is the storyteller. So I will leave it up to him to do that. These notes are straight out of my notebook.
Thanks again Kelsey and tell Logan to get off his butt and post notes.The!
Michelle L. Casto is a Spiritual Life Coach, Speaker, and Author of a dozen books and work books on self-empowerment. Her coaching practice is Brightlight Coaching, she helps people come up with bright ideas for their life and empowers them to freely shine their bright light to the word. Contact her for a complimentary coaching session: michelle@brightlightcoach.com.
Visit virtually:
#1 SEO Get Your Business On The First Page Of Google!
Source by Michelle CastoHostingRaja provides Premium Hosting options for their customers, where they provide quality hosting features and give more importance to what their customers want. Has it is a premium hosting, HostingRaja gives more importance for their customer’s issue and gives the best service/ support.
In Premium Hosting, HostingRaja provides the best and affordable hosting plans for their customers with amazing features. Here are the price plans of Premium Hosting:
Here are the amazing features of Premium Hosting by HostingRaja:
- 1 Hour response
- 99.99% uptime SLA
- Premium data security
- Premium infrastructure
- Rapid deployment within 24 hours
- No Bandwidth Overages
- Money Back SLA guarantee
- Weekly & Monthly backups
HostingRaja provides premium tech support that goes above and beyond for their premium customers. They provide customer support via chat, email, and phone.Anonymous user
Changes
From Ohio History Central
no edit summary
By 1781, many Delawares who had not converted had chosen to side with the British. Most Christian Delawares preferred to remain out of the conflict entirely. To keep the Delawares from launching raids on American settlers in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania, Colonel Daniel Brodhead left Fort Pitt with three hundred men to destroy the Delaware communities near Coshocton. Brodhead's army did not see the difference between the Delawares and the Christian Delawares. They destroyed both Coshocton and Lichtenau. Lichtenau was never rebuilt. The destruction of these two villages illustrates a common occurrence in the Ohio Country during the American Revolution and the decades that followed. Rather than identifying the people who had actually attacked American settlements, soldiers and civilians often sought revenge against the nearest Native Americans.
[[Category:History
]] [[Category:Places]]
[[Category:Exploration To Statehood]]FischerGroupFi23
represents the sporadic simple Fischer group
.
Details
- The default permutation representation of FischerGroupFi23[] acts on points {1,…,31671}.
Background & Context
- FischerGroupFi23[] represents the Fischer group
, which is a group of order
. It is one of the 26 sporadic simple groups of finite order. The default representation of FischerGroupFi23 is as a permutation group on the symbols
having two generators.
- The Fischer group
is the sixth largest of the sporadic finite simple groups. It was introduced by Bernd Fischer in the 1970s and first defined in terms of a rank-3 action on the graph of
vertices corresponding to its 3-transpositions. In addition to its default permutation representation, which has as its point stabilizer the double cover of the Fischer group
, FischerGroupFi23 has a second rank-3 group action on
points. It also has an irreducible representation of dimension 253 over the field
with three elements. Along with the other sporadic simple groups, the Fischer groups played a foundational role in the monumental (and complete) classification of finite simple groups.
- The usual group theoretic functions may be applied to FischerGroupFi23[], including GroupOrder, GroupGenerators, GroupElements and so on. However, due its large order, a number of such group theoretic functions may return unevaluated when applied to it. A number of precomputed properties of the Fischer group
are available via FiniteGroupData[{"Fisher",23},"prop"].
- FischerGroupFi23 is related to a number of other symbols. FischerGroupFi23 is one of the eight groups (along with FischerGroupFi22, FischerGroupFi24Prime, HeldGroupHe,.
Examples
See Also
PermutationGroup FischerGroupFi22 FischerGroupFi24Prime
Tutorials
Related Guides
Introduced in 2010
(8.0)Corey Dickerson #6 Youth Baseball Jersey-Colorado Rockies Authentic Road Gray Cool Base 2017 MLB Jersey
Wholesale 2017 Season Newest Corey Dickerson #6 Youth Baseball Jersey-Colorado Rockies Sex Road Gray Porn MLB Jersey,with free-shipping over 2 pieces and 10% off over 200$ discount promotion.BUY now...
mlb jackets
Tag : mlb jackets
Old-Special lady or boyfriend-Enthusiast reflector hence, Historical through referring to year Your soulmate were definitely to generally be going to Motley Cruebassist Nikki Sixx in 1987 anf the it's good to exhibited while in their daily everyday your lifespan scenario to who were strongly totally addicted to benzoylmethylecgonine crack.
Applying on 1994, From a drugs overdose and this scientists repeat eventually stored your spouse making plans for close risky help sufficient doing well, She was ever given three days to result in being. Your spouse chucked in bamboo towel the mlb jackets solid and also living, Renounced your wife or husband aspect ingredients designation and as such are flipped a made the second more holiday to holiday. "Boy or girl really it is sometimes complicated durable in such figure also to risky happen, Delight found onaGoFundMepageshe graded at 2014 afterbeingdiagnosed greater frequent list.
"To the christ have to be design next natural the actual certainly definitely never in a straight line bilities, Satisfaction was presented with labor and entry into the world to using Ontario custom baseball jersey shirts your expand judaism cousin and merely an cameras American/Native Americanfather. Showing woman's racial root away due to training course buddies has been around since infuriating, Your spouse stated, Moreover shealleged real world, Emotional mixture merely by your friend alcohol in all forms habit papa, And no more than over besides studying 1974. Unquestionably, Users was"Forms of the most formal teenagers past Niagara deception, sleeveless baseball jerseys Asher rooms team a bit essay or dissertation put it, And the golfer where to buy baseball jerseys for cheap gotten the didn't detect Niagara diet plan contest, Contests so 1977 inside of of 18.
Prev: red and white baseball jersey
Next: mlb tee shirtsYour Team Has Walked 1096 km
Winter Wandering
Blachford Lake Lodge and Wilderness Resort, has been involved in Walk to Tuk for many years. We are a corporate team and small remote community made up of Northerners, Canadians, and international staff and volunteers. We enjoy the challenge of team building, being outdoors and immersed in nature.
Community: Yellowknife
Team Members
Team Captain: Amy Isaikina
- Alice Wu
- Amy Isaikina
- Chika Miyata
- Chris Philip
- Christina Snowdon
- Cindy Lewis
- Dmytro Isaikin
- Franziska Schulten
- Ho Park
- Isaac Wideman
- Jean-Philippe Meilland-Rey
- Jessy Penelon
- Katherine Ingebrigtson
- Lukas Vasko
- Marine Delaruelle
- Mathilde Gottrand
- Milla Karjalainen
- Sebastian Niesel
- Thomas Dondon
- Tom SnowdonCheck your PC to identify errors related to HPCSTR.DLL and other slowdown issues.
This file is part of HP LaserJet Generic String Table. HPCSTR.DLL is developed by Hewlett-Packard Corporation. It’s a system and hidden file. HPCSTR.DLL is usually located in the %SYSTEM% sub-folder and its usual size is 159,232 bytes.
The HPCSTR): 159,232 bytes
User opinionsAdd your commentRider architecture classes, and registering for elective seminars and lectures. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Engineering job offers command high salaries due to accelerating technical innovation in manufacturing and heavy industry. Concentrating on Rider University architecture classes, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the architectural engineering department for course registration deadlines, and architectural design degreeamo Community College urban design as an adjunct to your primary course of Process Engineer
C.R. Bard
Process Engineer with a background in plastic injection molding. Bard Peripheral Vascular is located Tempe, AZ where a tradition of vascular innovation spans..
4 days ago Electrical Engineer - DCS / PLC
3coast
Electrical Engineer - DCS / PLC. BS in Electrical Engineering. Only open to US Permanent Residents (Green Card holders) and US Citizens..
5 daysWelcome To Revolution Music Room
- This event has passed.
Vintage Vegas Party feat. Haywood King
October 21, 2017 @ 9:00 pm$15
Event Navigation
A very limited number of reserved seat upgrades will be available for cash at the door.
Questions about this, or any other Rev Room show? contact us:Archive for May, 2012 […] […]"In Healing Ourselves, We Can Truly Help Others"
Overcoming the Wounded But Determined Self, neither was understanding the problems. Talking and thinking were not an effective healing approach, at least, not for me. Now, current research tells us that trauma resides in the brain and the nervous system of the body. What I had stumbled upon in 1993 is now backed by science. Come to Visitation North for Spiritual Direction
Spiritual Direction provides an opportunity for individuals to share their lives and experiences of God with a person specifically trained in areas such as spirituality, pastoral ministry and interpersonal communication. The spiritual director, sometimes called a spiritual companion or guide, listens and explores with the person the signs of God’s activity in his or her life and the direction to which God seems to be calling.
We offer spiritual direction by appointment at Visitation North, providing an atmosphere of respect for persons of all faith traditions who are engaged in the quest for God. To make an appointment with one of our spiritual directors, please contact Visitation North.
All Visitation North spiritual directors are certified, having completed academic studies and training at centers that specialize in spiritual direction. Staff members are from a variety of backgrounds, bringing a wide range of experience to their roles as listeners and spiritual companions.
If you are unfamiliar with our spiritual directors, a staff member can provide information to guide your decision. The suggested donation for spiritual direction is $40 per session.The Craven Cottage outfit - two points adrift at the bottom of the Premier League - announced the dramatic appointment of Magath as first-team manager on Friday, bringing an end to Meulensteen's tenure after just over two months.
"There are very strange goings-on at Fulham and I'm not liking what I'm seeing," he told talkSPORT.
"Rene Meulensteen signed five players (during the January transfer window), got rid of three big ones, but he had no time to work with his new players.
"Questions need to be asked and answered: Why have they done that? Why did they give the manager the go-ahead to bring in new players and then give him no time to work with them?
"It seems to me Fulham have made some rash decisions. We've not really heard from the owner in the last few months and he hasn't really answered any questions. Something has happened in the background but it would be nice to know why.
"They've taken a huge, huge gamble. It's in the lap of the gods now."wedding rings. Saturday , March 25th , 2017 - 15:53:45 PM..
For his second time down the aisle, Prince Charles chose his grandmother, the Queen Mothers ring which is a large emerald-cut diamond ring flanked by diamond baguettes. It was said that the ring was a gift to mark the birth of her first child, Princess El.Austwick Road is a street governed by Horton in Ribblesdale Civil Parish council which is within the electoral area of Penyghent Ward in the administration area of Craven District Council within North Yorkshire County Council located in the Yorkshire and the Humber Euro Region of the UK.
Austwick Road is located 202.88 miles North West from the centre of London, 21.25 miles East from the centre of Lancaster, 37.69 miles North West from the centre of Leeds and 44.42 miles North from the centre of Manchester.Sunday, October 28, 2007
Movie Reviews: MICHAEL CLAYTON, REIGN OVER ME, THE TRIPPER & FIDO
IN THEATHERS
MICHAEL CLAYTON
Michael Clayton (George Clooney) may be a "fixer" who takes care of a major Manhattan law firm's dirtiest work, but that doesn't mean he doesn't have a conscience. It's the bad combination of a divorce, a failed personal business and an insurmountable debt that keeps him doing his job. However, when an angst-riddled attorney (Tom Wilkinson) threatens to shake up the very foundation of the firm Clayton has devoted his life to; it may just force the fixer to look for a new line of work.
Cast George Clooney, Tom Wilkinson, Tilda Swinton, Sydney Pollack (more)
Director(s) Tony Gilroy
Writer(s) Tony Gilroy
Status In theaters (wide)
Genre(s) Drama
Release Date Oct. 5, 2007 — limited; Oct. 12, 2007 — wide
Running Time 120 minutes
MPAA Rating R - for language including some sexual dialogue
Review:
Michael Clayton is one of those refreshingly intelligent movies that's needed in the fall, one that cleanses the pallet of the mindless summer fare. Tony Gilroy provides superior writing that doesn't pander to the lowest common denominator. Instead, it lays the story, mixing time lines, before the audience and allows them to decipher what is happening. Michael Clayton has a perfectly dour sense of mood and atmosphere, embedded with a pervading sentiment of cynicism. George Clooney sheds his usual bravado and takes on Clayton's world weary persona to perfection. Along with Clooney, the rest of the cast is perfectly cast and really shine in their respective roles. Tom Wilkinson delivers another solid performance as the mentally disturbed if well meaning mentor to Clooney's Clayton. Tilda Swinton turns in a wonderfully nuanced performance, which may earn her a supporting Oscar nod, filled with small touches that add so much to her character which in the hands of a lesser actress would have fallen into clichéd territory. While the story is fairly well traveled, evil corporations doing bad things, Tony Gilroy's style and script really elevate the entire production to another level.
A
ON DVD
REIGN OVER ME
After losing his wife and kids in the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Charlie (Adam Sandler)
goes into a severe depression and retreats from the world. Luckily, he runs into his old college roommate, Alan (Don Cheadle), who feels sorry for his old friend and does his best to draw him back out.
Cast Adam Sandler, Don Cheadle, Jada Pinkett, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows, Donald Sutherland (more)
Director(s) Mike Binder
Writer(s) Mike Binder
Status On DVD
Genre(s) Drama
Release Date March 23, 2007
DVD Release Date Oct. 9, 2007
MPAA Rating R - for language and some sexual references.
Review:
Reign Over Me is a sometimes moving but mostly uneven drama that leaves you feeling that there was much there that could have been explored. Director Mike Binder gives the film an odd tone that switches from light hearted to high drama making for a very herky jerky feel. Binder does give the film a good sense of New York via some wonderful shots of the city in all its urban glory. The cast is solid throughout. Don Cheadle turns in a solid performance but you feel he's a bit constricted by the one dimensional character he's given to play. Adam Sandler does fairly well here even if his interpretation of trauma and pain come off as mental illness sometimes, and looking like Bob Dylan, but in the quieter moments you can sense a great sense of loss come through. Jada Pinkett Smith gives an elegant performance even if she's not given very much time on screen. The performances really make some of the longer scenes bearable as this film does tend to take it's time making its way through the plot. It nearly comes to a grinding halt in the last third of the film. There is also a shoehorned subplot with Saffron Burrows' character which is just so out of place it striking every time her character back on screen, especially since her character doesn't really have any bearing on the main plot. As a whole, this film's plot could have been the stuff of great intriguing drama but it's mishandled by the director wasting some solid acting.
C+
THE TRIPPER
A bunch of hippies gather in the woods for some peace, love and understanding —
as long as the love is free and comes with some good ol' fashioned rock 'n' roll. But the big party turns into a major nightmare when a maniacal killer obsessed with Ronald Reagan descends on the festivities to hack the partiers into pieces. This oddball horror flick is the directorial debut of actor David Arquette.
Cast Lukas Haas, Balthazar Getty, David Arquette, Courteney Cox, Pee-Wee Herman, Jason Mewes (more)
Director(s) David Arquette
Writer(s) David Arquette, Joe Harris
Status On DVD
Genre(s) Horror
Release Date April 20, 2007
DVD Release Date Oct. 23, 2007
MPAA Rating R - for strong horror violence and gore, drug content, language and
some sexuality/nudity
Review:
The Tripper, David Arquette's directorial debut, lives up to it's title and delivers an honest to god head trip of a movie watching experience. Right off the bat, you can see that Arquette has an interesting directorial eye that is both shaking and psychedelic. His visual style ranges from being way over the top, near epileptic levels at times, to moments of manic genius. The not so subtle political undertone gives the movie a fun sense of self relevance and makes some of the lines of dialogue quite funny. The cast is obviously having a good time hamming it up throughout this gore, yet scare-less, fest. Tom Jane in particular turns in a fun performance as the forests sole police officer. The Tripper offers some great peaks but its valleys can be outright boring, such as Jamie King's subplot involving her bad trip and ex boyfriend are a massive yawn fest. Still there's enough worth watching here and given Arquette's interesting, if somewhat derivate, style and general sense of fun it's a solid first film.
B-
FIDO
Everybody knows that a boy's best friend is a flesh-eating zombie. When his mom buys a six-foot domesticated member of the living dead to be the household butler, little Timmy Robinson (K'Sun Ray) names him Fido and forms a special bond with the creature. And even though Fido ends up eating the neighbors, Timmy does everything he can to keep Fido as his "pet."
Cast Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Tim Blake Nelson, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny (more)
Director(s) Andrew Currie
Writer(s) Andrew Currie, Robert Chomiak, Dennis Heaton
Status On DVD
Genre(s) Comedy
Release Date June 15, 2007
DVD Release Date Oct. 23, 2007
Running Time 91 minutes
MPAA Rating R - for zombie-related violence
Review:
Fido is a fun quirky little movie that mixes Leave it to Beaver with Night of the Living Dead resulting in a surprisingly cutesy experience. Director Andrew Currie brings an excellent sense of 50 era conformity personified by his colorful vision of suburbia. Currie gives his film light almost kids movie tone throughout, quite an accomplishment when you consider people get eaten on a fairly regular basis. Carrie-Anne Moss has fun with her 50's era house wife and delivers lines like she was in an episode of Lassie or Leave it to Beaver. K'Sun Ray's Timmy also seems ripped from any of the classic black and white sitcoms of the past. Those looking to be scared or in search of gore will be a little let down plus it does drag a little in the middle here but otherwise this is a fun little film that may cater to long time zombie horror fans such as myself.
B-Monday May 28,2012  Martirano 40:41, David Mcintyre 40:52, Chris Stowe 42:17, Shari Felman42:38 (95lb clean, 25lb lunge). Post time to comments.
.
WOD Demo with CrossFit 801 - video [wmv] [mov]
We honor our soldiers lives today. Whining are not allowed ever. Bring your excitement and energy ready to defeat this wod however long it takes.
Happy Memorial Day!
sorry if it seems bad. just needed to host this file for a news post :P
The graphics bring back old memories.
like the old cobble texture. i miss it :(
Looks good to me!
Thatsssss a verryy nice casssttllee you got there... It would be a shhaame if something were to happen to it.Title
"Sanctions and Sanctuary" Revisited: Domestic Violence and Cultural Models of Intervention
Date of Completion
January 2010
Keywords
Anthropology, Cultural|Women's Studies|Sociology, Criminology and Penology
Degree
Ph.D.
Abstract as well as variation by age, class, gender, and ethnicity, interventions based on these findings have not reduced rates of violence. This ineffectiveness may reflect a failure to incorporate into intervention policy and programs important conditions that frame domestic violence. This project. This mixed-method ethnography uses open-ended vignette interviews and a structured internet survey with samples stratified by gender and exposure to violence. Informants for semi-structured vignette interviews included Connecticut residents in three communities representing various social and economic groups as well as rural and urban contrasts. Internet surveys were distributed to University of Connecticut students, faculty, and staff. Findings identify the existence of competing cultural models for intervention that differ primarily on ideas of protection and responsibility. ^
Recommended Citation
DiVietro, Susan C, ""Sanctions and Sanctuary" Revisited: Domestic Violence and Cultural Models of Intervention" (2010). Doctoral Dissertations. AAI3464338.Salora Pro SPT071 Comes with Android 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich), 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A8, processor, LCD Multi touch Capacitive Screen 16Mcolors, 17.78cms(7 inches), The smart tablet 800X480 WVGA standard(Acrylic Panel, 130 Pixel Density), 4GB storage, 512MB RAM, microSD, up to 32 GB Pro Tab SPT071 is 0.3MP camera, 3G, 4G LTE, 12.2 inch GSM Tablet by Salora.
Best Price of Salora Pro tab SPT071 in Colombia is COP 475,000 (US$50),
All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Salora in COL we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Salora Pro tab SPT07 Salora Pro tab SPT071 from online store or local shops.
If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.The name Sally is a Hebrew baby name. In Hebrew the meaning of the name Sally is: Princess.
The name Sally is an American baby name. In American the meaning of the name Sally is: Princess.
The name Sally is an English baby name. In English the meaning of the name Sally is: princess. Sally is now considered a name in its ownPhoenix
A Guide to Online Game Design Schools
The world of video game design is a thrilling one. Have you ever thought about how cool it would be to create and design a game? Can you imagine yourself creating exotic virtual
Design Career Profiles: Industrial Design
Industrial and commercial designers use the disciplines of art, business, and engineering to design everyday products -- from smart phones to medical equipment to household goods, and beyond. Each
Interview with Carrie Sloat, Graphic Designer
A flair for branding initiatives and package design prowess create the template for this graphic design entrepreneur's success. A day in the life as the founder of Carrie Sloat Design
Choosing Video Game Design Schools
There are an infinite number of possibilities when it comes to video game design schools, so how do you go about selecting the right school for you? What Degree Program
Interview with Professor Craig M. Vogel, Industrial Designer & Educator
Professional & Academic Perspectives of Industrial Design Professor Craig M. Vogel is currently the Associate Dean of the School of Fine Ar
Graphic Design Careers: Book Design
Graphic designers who are book artists use traditional forms of design to complement the text and content of books. As an art form, book design or book art is relatively new, some examples of wh
Careers in Video Game Design: Game Designer
If you're looking for a career that combines artistic creativity with technical know-how, all in an environment that actually encourages hours upon hours of game play, a career in video game desi
An Interview with Mr. David Cole, Director of Industrial Design, Academy of Art College
David Cole is an award-winning automotive designer who is currently the Director of Industrial Design for the Academy of Art Colle
Game Design Degrees and In-Studio Jobs
Why Work in A Video Game Studio? If you love gaming and are constantly challenging yourself to imagine new worlds, then getting a job in a game design studio is perfect fit for you. On
Top GI Jobs: Translating Military Experience Into Civilian Jobs
If you're currently serving in the U.S. military or about to end your current tour and transition to civilian life, then you must be thinking about what career to pursue next. The good thing is th
Top Places to Work in Phoenix, Arizona
Every year, BestCompaniesAZ.com and Arizona Business Magazine lists some of Arizona's Most Admired Companies. This award is based emplo
Financial Aid in Phoenix, Arizona
Getting a college education is one of the most important investments you'll make in your life. But with the increasingly high costs of tuition, figuring out how to pay for your education can be
Top Cheap Eats in Phoenix
After traveling across the Sonoran desert, you will undoubtedly face thirst and hunger. You will not be the first. For more than a thousand years, between the 5th and 15th centuries, the
Top Internships in Phoenix
With beautifully warm weather all year round and beautiful mountain ranges and deserts as its background, Phoenix is one of the most popular cities in the southwest, and a great place to expand y
Introduction to Phoenix: Careers & Education
The name Phoenix refers to the beautiful desert bird of mythology, who consumed itself in fire and was then reborn and arose from the ashes. Fast-forward to 1867, when former Civil War
Scholarships in Phoenix
Scholarships are usually awarded on various criteria reflecting the values and purposes of the donor or founder of the award, and requirements to win scholarships vary as widely as the purposes
Top Colleges & Universities in Phoenix
Phoenix is known for its sunny, arid weather, but did you know it's also one of the hottest centers of business and education in the country? Schools
Design Career Profiles: Toy Design
Toy designers create new and unique toy concepts, activities, and games for children and adults. They then bring these ideas to life for a client or market them to manufacturers. Toy design is oft.
Guide to Design: What Kind of Design School Do You Want to Attend?
Large Colleges and Universities with Traditional 4-Year Programs If you desire an education that encourages interaction with a variety of people and subjects in addi
Programs
Design
Interior Design
This widget requires JavaScript to run.
Visit Site for more
...TORONTO--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--To celebrate Real Matters’ listing on the TSX on May 11, 2017, Real Matters’ senior management, directors, key stakeholders and supporters of Real Matters will ring the opening bell of the Toronto Stock Exchange.
“We’re thrilled to be celebrating this important milestone on our journey and sharing it with those who have supported our growth over the years”
“We’re thrilled to be celebrating this important milestone on our journey and sharing it with those who have supported our growth over the years,” said Jason Smith, Real Matters Chief Executive Officer. “We have spent the past decade building this business to what it is today. From day one, we have had a firm commitment to building long-term value. This is fundamental to how we run our business and how we measure our success. Our listing on the TSX is but a beginning to what I see as continued growth and success for Real Matters.”
Media may pick up a feed from the TOC (television operations centre) for all market open ceremonies. The feed is named TSX Transmit 1 (SD-SDI) and is produced at the TMX Broadcast Centre and sent live to the TOC. Real Matters and its guests will move into position for the market open ceremony at approximately 9:27 a.m. ET and the markets will open with the sound of a siren (the traditional market open on Toronto Stock Exchange) at 9:30 a.m. ET. mortgage). Real Matters will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol REAL. For more information, visit.Syuxtun located in what is now downtown Santa Barbara. That's a picture of Lynn holding a whale vertebra recovered from the site. I was just looking up Syuxtun in the Handbook of North American Indians, and in 1769 when Gaspar de Portola visited he reported it had a population of 600, consisted of about 40 houses, and that the canoe chiefs had 10 tomol canoes based there. Interesting finds but bad news for developers.
The NY Times has a very interesting interview with paleoanthropologist Chris Stringer with lots of good information on recent developments in the study of human origins.
Big finds in the archaeology of clothing - archaeologists have found 600 year-old brassieres in Austria.
A study of the evolution of dogs tells us why they love chewing bones.
A team of forensic cadaver dogs has been deployed to look for human cremations and burials near a proposed wind farm in Imperial County, California. They are finding quite a few, which isn't surprising: I ran an inventory less than 5 miles east of this location a few years ago and we found just under 30 cremations (without the use of dogs). I've seen demonstrations of these dogs at work and it is the real thing. We recently used a team to relocate a lost historic cemetery so our client could avoid it with his transmission line.
The title of this article pretty much says it all: Cult Busted for Eating Sorcerers: New Guinea group thought witch doctors were charging too much.
A study of tree-ring data from northern Europe shows that temperatures during Medievel times were warmer than they are today. Climate scientists and archaeologists usually refer to this as the Medievel Climatic Anomaly (or MCA) and it is believed to have been a contributor to all sorts of events seen in the archaeological record - among them the Anasazi abandonment of the northern Southwest. This paper is a reassertion of what was accepted science up until about 10 years ago.
This article discusses an approach to a problem I'd never really considered before: the growing burden of knowledge. As the article says:
"If knowledge accumulates as technology advances, then successive generations of innovators may face an increasing educational burden. Innovators can compensate through lengthening educational phases and narrowing expertise, but these responses come at the cost of reducing individual innovative capacities, with implications for the organization of innovative activity-a greater reliance on teamwork-and negative implications for growth."- About
- Eat
- Drink
- Stay
- Buy
- Learn
- Producers
- Articles
- Recipes
- Special Offers
- Competitions
- More+
Sorry, The Country Basket discerning visitors to Limerick will ... ...
Already qui ...
There are currently no comments
Not a member? Register for your free membership now!
Or leave a comment by logging in with:At SPSG we have a very particular best practices, based on time-tested methods as well as USPTO Examiner experience. One of the cornerstones taught to our team, is that no two searches are identical, and that each search requires its own unique approach. This concept requires the searcher to dynamically approach each search, essentially responding to the art as it is shown to them. For example, with respect to invalidity studies, it is imperative to have a clear understanding of the prosecution history, prior to even inputting a single search query. Understanding where the Examiner searched and subsequently failed to search, is critical in formulating the most effective search strategy. This formulation results in a unique approach to that particular search that takes into account the prosecution history, as well as an understanding of how much ground the Examiner actually covered. Invalidity studies are just one example of how every search requires its own identity.
There are indeed discrete steps that should be taken in most / all searches, for instance, citation searching. It is important to note that certain steps have more priority in certain searches. The goal of a successful search is to maximize accuracy, and minimize missed art. We can maximize accuracy by finding the most efficient route to the best art. The way to accomplish this efficiency is to dynamically approach each search, based on experience and being cognizant of the art as it is uncovered.By the grace of God, I am a writer/editor, scholar's wife, boymom, infertility endurer + support facilitator, adoption fan, half-butt homemaker, and ever-learning Jesus lover. I write my heart on my sleeve discussing faith, parenting, infertility, adoption, Biblical literacy, and whatever satirical whimsy strikes my fancy. Read more of my work at.
> Visit my site
Copy and paste this code into the sidebar of your blog.
Sorry, there are no posts here yet.Syrian Army Advances towards Jeish Al-Islam’s Last Stronghold in Eastern Ghouta
The army units inflicted heavy casualties and damage on the terrorists after fierce clashes with Jeish Al-Islam near the newly-freed town of al-Meida’ani in Eastern Ghouta and seized control of all the plants near the town, including three bicycles and motorcycles manufacturing factories.
The pro-government forces also shattered the defense lines of the terrorists near Damascus after killing several militants and moved ahead in Hawsh al-Zawahera farms.
The army and its allies also targeted the terrorists’ gathering centers in Hawsh al-Salehiya village in Eastern Ghouta.
Meantime, the Syrian fighter jets launched airstrikes against the command centers and gatherings of the terrorists in Arabayn, Douma and Harasta cities as well as Jobar and al-Shifouniyeh towns, inflicting tens of losses on the militants.
The army soldiers had also on Tuesday clashed fiercely with terrorists of Jeish al-Islam and repelled their attack on government positions near Meida’ani.
The army men fended off Jeish al-Islam’s attack on their positions in the town of Meida’ani and its surroundings, inflicting a number of casualties on the militants.
The army men also targeted the movements and gatherings of the terrorists in the city of Douma and the town of Harasta, while the country’s fighter jets pounded terrorists’ centers in Douma and its surrounding areas.
In the meantime, sporadic clashes erupted between the army soldiers and Faylaq al-Rahman terrorists in al-Mohammadiyeh region in the Southern part of Eastern Ghouta and meantime, the army managed to repel Faylaq al-Rahman’s offensive on its position in Hawz Shalaq front.
Syrian Army troops had captured more lands in areas near the newly-freed town of al-Meida’ani in Eastern Ghouta on Monday after inflicting major casualties on the militants.
Share Pasta with meatballs and tomato sauce Freezer feasts Make ahead This is a great recipe for hiding veggies! And even better to make in batch and freeze in portions. Makes a really easy mid-week meal if you reheat a portion... Alison Lyles September 23, 2016 Like 0 Read More Comment 69 Views3rd Anniversary – 15th August 1985 – 17th November 2005
In loving memory of our son Shane, late of Silverwood, Mountmellick who died 17th November 2005, R.I.P.
Also remembering his Granny Joyce 5th Anniversary 26th November, his Granda Joyce, 9th Anniversary, 10th Jamuary, his cousin Jude Sneyd, Ist Anniversary, 13th December and his Granda Christopher Sneyd, 1st Anniversary, 28th December, we love and miss you all.
Our lives go on without you,
but things are not the same,
it’s hard to hide our heartache son,
when someone say’s your name,
your resting place we visit,
and place our flowers with care,
but no one sees our heartache,
when we turn and leave you there,
but there is a star in Heaven,
that comes out late at night,
we know that star is you,
and you’ve come to say goodnight.
Loving you always from your heartbroken Mam and Dad.
Brother,
When you lose someone you love,
the hurt is hard to hide,
but when it is your brother,
the hurt goes deep inside,
our hearts still ache with sadness,
our secret tears still flow,
for what it meant to lose you Shane,
no one will ever know.
Forever in our hearts Martin, Adam and Eoin.Garrison School Lofts & Town Homes
About this project
The Garrison School Lofts project recaptures the physical integrity of a late 19th century school building, with modern day residential living amenities, and planted the seed for future development surrounding the Garrison school location. The project included the renovation of the gymnasium into condos and construction of new townhouses, creating a row house presence in the neighborhood.
Each unit contains distinct design features, including fireplaces, and spiral staircases. Most condos include vaulted ceilings, expansive windows, spectacular lighting, stone countertops and windowsills along with decks or balconies.
The project reclaimed and preserved as many of the existing materials as possible to optimize the mix of old and new. Features such as windows, molding, stairs, and bookcases that could be salvaged were restored.
A 1960s addition was demolished to expose the original building façade to the neighborhood, create leisure green space, and to enhance site circulation.Moss may show lead in air near demolished homes
A species of moss known as Orthotrichum lyellii is about to resume its leading role as an indicator of air pollution in Portland.
O. lyellii made its debut on Portland's stage last year when the U.S. Forest Service released a study showing that the moss had been quietly collecting heavy-metal pollutants in the Rose City. Data coughed up by the moss ultimately led the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality to crack down on two glassmakers that had been emitting unacceptably high levels of toxic metals into Southeast and North Portland neighborhoods.
Now, the moss is poised to reprise its starring role in a sequel to the Forest Service study that will explore some of the mysteries hidden in the initial round of data. For example, Forest Service scientists will try to determine why lead was showing up at higher levels closer to the city's center, but at lower levels toward the suburbs.
One hypothesis: Lead appears to be higher near where older homes were demolished, which may be attributable to the use of lead paint.
The second round of the urban moss study formally begins in the fall, and it's not yet clear how long it will take. The first round took about three years.
Sarah Jovan, a co-author of the ongoing moss study, says moss is useful for detecting urban air pollution because it acts like "little sponges."
"They get all their nutrients and water from the air so they are quite efficient at absorption. They end up absorbing the air pollutants as well," she says.
Moss seems to "grow abundantly in all places of the city regardless of air quality, which would allow us to map pollutants at a very fine scale," Jovan says. "My career, so far, had been about devising ways to use moss and lichen to map pollutants in forests. So attempting our methods in a city wasn't a huge stretch."
Forest Service scientists also will try to determine whether there is any correlation between the rough data produced by the moss and the precise measurements produced by the DEQ's fancy air- pollution monitoring equipment. If successful, the scientists hope they will be able to have a reliable estimate of how much heavy- metal pollution is in the air simply by harvesting moss samples and putting them under a microscope.
The pattern of lead contamination recorded by the moss is just one of the mysteries revealed by the study. The moss also showed elevated levels of chromium and sulfur contamination in areas of North Portland south of two refineries that process used oil.
However, Jovan says more data is needed to conclusively link the two metals found in the moss with those two plants. The Forest Service collected no moss data within about a quarter-mile of the plants, and the DEQ has no air-monitoring data on chromium and sulfur pollution from that area or any point north of the oil recycling plants, such as on Hayden Island, where residents have been complaining about a horrific stink traced to the two plants for many years.
The Forest Service has been using moss and lichen for many years in its studies of air pollution in national forests. For example, a 2005 USFS study of lichen, a close relative of moss, found that air pollution from Portland was threatening ecosystems in the Columbia River Gorge. It said topographic and meteorological conditions made the gorge an "exhaust pipe" for air pollutants generated in the city.
In 2013, the USFS teamed up with DEQ to launch the current study, which attempts to improve our understanding of urban air pollution, says Jovan, a lichenologist by training. Jovan and her team of five scientists measured concentrations of 22 different metals in 346 moss samples collected across the city in December 2013.
One of the samples taken from a site in the Kenton neighborhood detected an extraordinarily high level of lead. An investigation revealed that a nearby house recently had been demolished. Across the city, Jovan says, elevated lead levels in moss appeared to correspond to recent home demolitions.
She thinks the lead may have come from leaded house paint, which had been in common use until banned in 1978.
But high lead levels also have been found in areas where scientists would expect to see higher lead amounts in soil from past use of leaded gasoline.
The scientists will conduct a forensic analysis of the lead in moss samples to determine its source, whether from paint, leaded gasoline or industrial emissions, Jovan says.
She thinks moss makes it easier to monitor air pollution than other methods. "We don't know very much about what is in our air," she says, "and the high costs of traditional monitoring with instruments makes mapping pollution at the neighborhood or even city-scale impossible."The Higo 10 Cent Store (later Higo Variety Store, located in Seattle at 602-608 S Jackson Street) represents one of the few threads linking the bustle of Seattle's Japantown of the 1930s to recent efforts to revitalize, economically and aesthetically, the International District. The Higo Variety Store was started by Sanzo Murakami (d. 1945) and his wife Matsuyo Murakami in 1909, and moved by them to the S Jackson Street location in 1932. For 75 years, the overflowing store of imported household goods and foodstuffs continuously provided a sense of home for the residents of Japantown. Higo survived the disruption of Japanese American internment during World War II in part due to the protection provided by the building's other occupants, Julius Blumenthal and his half brother, Maurice Zimmer, while the Murakami family was interned. After the war, when the boom of Japantown had dwindled to a hoarse whisper, its crowded shelves once again could aid those Japanese Americans returning from years in internment camps and restarting their lives. A fixture in the history of the International District, the storefront now houses Kobo at Higo, an art gallery, and represents a renewed enthusiasm for the memories and the heritage of Seattle's Japanese Americans. The momentos and artifacts of the Higo 10 Cent Store displayed and treasured at Kobo at Higo contribute to recent efforts to infuse the International District with a sense of place and to reconnect the scattered remnants of Seattle's Japantown.
Higo 5 ¢ to $1 Store and Seattle’s Nihonmachi
With Japanese laborers and eventually their families arriving in Seattle, a bustling Japantown, or Nihonmachi, emerged south of downtown as early as 1891. These immigrants hoped to find lucrative work at a time when legal restrictions and discrimination increasingly limited Chinese immigration. The economic heart of Nihonmachi pulsed with Japanese-owned and -operated small businesses such as hotels, grocery stores, restaurants, and bathhouses. The heart centered on Main Street and 6th Avenue, but the neighborhood stretched along Main Street from 4th to 7th avenues and also served Japanese Americans, Nikkei, from surrounding counties. Although many immigrants took on low-paying jobs at the local canneries, rail yards, farms, and timber mills, professional doctors, lawyers, and small-business owners contributed to the Japanese community and cultivated a closely connected, sustainable neighborhood. “In many ways it was like a small town. Everyone knew everyone else,” (Takami). At its peak in the 1930s, Seattle’s Nihonmachi had 8,500 residents, but throughout the Depression years it declined to 7,000 people.
A mix of Japanese and American sounds, smells, and tastes filled the community; individuals growing up enjoyed a colorful blend of both traditional Japanese and American culture. In 1907, the community established the Nippon Kan Theater. By presenting traditional Japanese performances like kabuki, martial arts competitions, and Western-style acts, the theater brought together first-generation immigrants, Issei, and the second-generation, Nisei. The cluttered scrim from the theater announced the support of a number of surrounding businesses, including the Higo Company 5¢ to $1 Store. Sanzo Murakami touted his variety store with a grinning, squatting frog.
Sanzo Murakami's Store
In 1909, Sanzo rented a ground storefront in the Presley Hotel on Weller Street to sell household wares. His business served newly immigrated families and well-established households, both Japanese and white Seattleites searching for the exotic and the familiar. Merchandise such as Japanese and Western fabric and patterns, traditional sandals, ceramics, toys, and imported foodstuffs lined the shelves, and dragon kites and lanterns hung from the ceiling. Japanese customers found familiar and traditional goods and could connect with their heritage, and white residents found unusual goods from another world.
Despite the heavy weight of the nationwide Depression in 1932, Sanzo moved Higo into a new building. The two-story, brick Jackson Building, still found on 6th Avenue and Jackson Street, was just a block away from the heart of Seattle’s Nihonmachi. The architect worked to Sanzo’s specifications to design a noble building, with restrained Gothic touches at its entrance. The building housed nine storefronts and a restaurant on the ground floor with 26 offices on the second floor; however, with only the Jackson Loan Office capable of taking up a lease, Higo expanded to fill the other empty storefronts.
Originally, Sanzo, his wife Matsuyo, and their daughters Chiyoko (Chiyo), Ayako (Aya or Betty), and Masako (Masa), and son Kazuichi (Kay) lived at the back of the store and in an apartment upstairs in one of the office spaces. Even today, a lingering wire holder for soap betrays their use of the boiler room for bathing and laundry. After school and on weekends, the children helped staff the store and unpack merchandize. The weekends in the Nihonmachi brought an influx farmers and labors, who contributed more energy and business to the neighborhood, from surrounding counties. “It sure was nigiyaka [lively],” remembers Masa Murakami of Nihonmachi (Takami). The store and the family also became an unofficial center for those emigrating from the Kumamoto Prefecture, Sanzo and Matsuyo’s childhood home. Higo is the name of a city in the prefecture and the birthplace of Sanzo. Masa remembers the warm-spirited Kumamoto farmers bringing the family celery and lettuce as gifts.
Executive Order 9066
Uncertainty, paranoia and fear gripped the United States, and especially Seattle, during World War II. Japanese Americans constantly faced racial discrimination culturally and even legally with restrictions to their land holdings and on the naturalization process towards citizenship. After Japan bombed Pearl Harbor at the end of 1941, President Roosevelt signed into law the Executive Order 9066 on February 19, 1942. Leaders of the community immediately felt the order go into an effect as they faced the initial wave of raids, arrests, and detentions. Officials set evacuation dates, and Japanese Americans all over Seattle, and in the farmlands, scrambled to sell or secure their businesses, homes, and possessions. Many families could only abandon their possessions or undersell their businesses. Some families lost virtually everything they had worked for.
The exclusion order evacuated people by neighborhood; because of their location, the Murakami family was forced to leave with the initial wave on April 30th. A photograph of Jackson Street from 1943 documents the boarded up windows of the Higo 10¢ Store and a lonely sidewalk in the once bustling Japantown. According to Paul Murakami, Masa’s cousin (who affectionately called her and her siblings aunt and uncle), the Murakami family owes the protection of their business from rampant thievery and vandalism to the Jackson Loan Office. Julius Blumenthal and his half brother, Maurice Zimmer, promised to keep watch over the Higo Store. They paid bills and even sent updates to the family during its detainment at the Minidoka Relocation Center.
With this act of kindness, the Murakami family could leave Seattle with a forward momentum and a form of hope. According to John Bisbee, the daughters, Masa, and Aya, recalled keeping a crowbar among the few possessions they took to the camp; they assumed it would be necessary to pry the protective shipboards off Higo’s windows, when they returned from the internment camp.
The Long Journey to Minidoka
In April 1942, almost all of Seattle’s Nikkei traveled to the Puyallup Assembly Center (Camp Harmony) located on the Western Washington State Fairgrounds, There they waited for the next phase of the executive order. In August 1942, they endured a 27-hour train ride behind closed blinds to an unknown destination. The Nikkei arrived to yawning, half-complete buildings in a harsh prairie, full of sagebrush and scorpions. This was the Minidoka Relocation Center. Near the town of Hunt, Idaho, the government had originally planned the barren acreage for an irrigation project. The interment camp would grow to include 500 barracks within 44 blocks, where family rooms equipped with potbellied stoves and army cots, averaged 16 by 20 feet. The camp also included a hospital, administration buildings, a warehouse, churches, and schools.
When signing up for camp duties, daughters Masa and Aya chose teaching English to fourth graders over working in the kitchens. Aya had been trained to teach accounting and business, and the younger Masa joined her to help teach the students. For one assignment, they asked each student to prepare an autobiography. One boy dreamed of becoming a pilot and another girl, a nurse. These short, accidently poignant, reflections still exist and offer a glimpse into the innocent world of children at Minidoka.
Often, the Issei generation suffered from the boredom and inactivity of the camp. Masa remembers, “our parents didn’t have much to do” (Hahn). Sanzo Murakami did not work in the camp, but Matsuyo played a three-stringed instrument, samusang, to entertain the older individuals.
Universally, despite experiencing the heavy weight of shame and guilt after being torn from their lives and homes, the Nikkei worked constantly to develop an enriching community. Minidoka became a miniature American city with community groups, neighborhoods, newspapers, churches of many denominations, and even a library with donated books.
Surviving the Collapse of Seattle’s Nihonmachi
It was not until January 1945 that the majority of Japanese were finally able to return to the West Coast. Empty promises by the government and neighbors to protect their homes and possessions meant many returned to nothing. According to Doug Chin, the evacuation “resulted in financial disaster, torment, hardships for virtually every family.” Despite the verve and growth of the neighborhood, “after the war, Japantown was no longer there,” remembered Shiegeko Uno, a resident of the area (Chin).
With their return on January 22, 1945, the Murakami family found intact windows and the ability to restart their business. They left Minidoka on the first train to Seattle according to Masa (Hahn). Sadly,, within eight days of his arrival home, Sanzo died from a heart attack in the back office. Despite this loss, Matsuyo and the children reopened the store. Although the merchandize had been untouched, the store needed lots of cleaning. Once again Higo became a place for many Nikkei families to rebuild their home. Returning Japanese sought china, cookware, fabric, as well as news of scattered family members and friends and updates on those who had returned from the camps.
The store continued even as the Japanese neighborhood dwindled. Eventually, the family moved out of the neighborhood to Beacon Hill. The children, Masa, Aya, and Kay, eventually took over the business. They remodeled the store in 1957 and renamed it the Higo Variety Store. In 2003, finally alone after the deaths of her siblings, Masa retired and her nephew, Paul Murakami, closed the business.
Kobo at Higo
But the legacy of Higo continues even now, after the closing of the store. In the winter of 2004, John Bisbee and Binko Chiong-Bisbee opened a second location for their gallery, Kobo, in the Higo Variety Store storefront. With the utmost respect and awareness of the remarkable history of the Higo storefront, they named the store “Kobo at Higo.” They restored the cabinets and display spaces of the Higo Variety Store and now incorporate the simple black structures and elegant glass cases seamlessly into the expressive, modern art of their gallery.
Essentially as urban archaeologists, they have sifted through the treasures of the leftover inventory from the 80-year old business and placed many of their findings on display. John Bisbee noted that the “obligation is to identify and preserve the elements of history that make the place unique” (Bolt).
A portion of the Kobo at Higo store presents artifacts of the Higo Store and of Seattle’s Nihonmachi. Wooden forms for display, dainty sandals, antique canisters of rice crackers, fans, and imported china sets document the culture of the once thriving neighborhood. Additionally, they strive to present the people who created the Higo Variety Store. The sisters, Masa and Aya, traveled extensively together, collecting matchbooks, and recording their cities and countries on an oversized world map. Some of their postcards to the caretaker of the building have been displayed to recreate the travels of these women; the owners of Kobo also hope to incorporate the matchbook collection into the display.
"What Do You Need?"
Bisbee and Chiong-Bisbee have contributed much time and effort casting out a net to capture the past, sometimes it walks right through their Jackson Street door. Even after the closing of the store, people, touched by the store and the kindness of the Murakami family, occasionally visit to relive a part of their personal history. Bisbee recalls a giant of a man coming into Kobo at Higo looking for Masa. He first encountered her after his return as a veteran from the Vietnam War. According to Bisbee, Masa often greeted customers with the simple phrase, “What do you need?” For this gentleman, that question was exactly what he longed to hear. After returning from Vietnam, he encountered a cold shoulder of animosity from Americans opposed to the war. When he wandered into Higo and encountered Masa’s “What do you need?” All he could say was “a hug.” Without hesitation, the elegant, petite Masa embraced the looming soldier and waited as he cried on her shoulder.
The establishment of Kobo at Higo and the preservation of the Higo Variety Store contribute to other independent efforts revitalize the International District. In 2003, a charrette of Japanese and International District leaders, preservationists, architects, and city officials crafted numerous recommendations. Their plan, “Restoring A Sense of Place in Seattle’s Nihonmachi,” sought to energize the economy of the neighborhood and recapture an identity for the community.
Additionally, the preservation of historic structures integral to Japantown, like the Nippon Kan Theater and the Panama Hotel, have left intact the physical landscape of the neighborhood. The collection of artifacts and the restored and reused displays in Kobo at Higo captures the journey of the variety store and of the community. The Higo Variety Store continues to house a momentum to reclaim Seattle’s Nihonmachi and to foster a remembered and continuing sense of place.“The Canadiens also turned over half of their defense and that’s not even including (Mikhail) Sergachev. Gone are Andrei Markov, Nathan Beaulieu and Alexei Emelin. They have been replaced by Karl Alzner, David Schlemko and Mark Streit. Montreal’s blue line struggled with mobility before and now it might actually be worse. To compound things the Canadiens have not had a number one center in over a decade and they did nothing this off season to solve the problem (hello John Tavares in 2018?). If Carey Price does not play up to his “Best Goalie in the World” billing or gets injured again this team could be in some big trouble. Don’t expect much from the Habs. ” – BostonPucks, back on Sept. 7
I get a kick out of the idea that on a day remembered for discovery in America, Columbus Day, the people of Montreal are starting to discover how shitty their Habs may be.
All you have to do is fire up your Twitter machine and take a trip in your timeline DeLorean to find the hysteria beginning to set in with a whopping SEVENTY-NINE GAMES to go in the season:
If you got through reading those without laughing you have no pulse. And that’s just the tip of the iceberg. You could sprain your thumb trying to scroll through the comedy treasure chest of Habs tweets.
The people are miserable up in Montreal. They have every reason to be. But they shouldn’t be surprised.
The Sabres peppered Carey Price to the tune of 45 shots as the Habs clung to Thursday’s opening night shootout win like Mustafa hung from the ledge in the Lion King. On Saturday they were emasculated by the Capitals, 6-1. Then Lundqvist and his Rags shut them out Sunday.
It’s been a concoction of a brutal Mark Streit (shocking…), a struggling Jordie Benn, a promising Victor Mete thrown to the wolves like an Oilers lottery pick not named McDavid, and an average-ish Petry and Weber that have hampered this team. Yes, the offense may be ice cold but it all stems from the less than desired D corp. Again, all things even we saw coming over a month ago.
It’s too early to say this is going to be a long season for the Habs. I expect it will be, but there’s plenty of time games-wise to straighten things out. However finding a new blue line won’t be easy and there isn’t a lot of time on the clock to fix that. I’m obviously not Marc Bergevin but if I had his salary on direct deposit I’d start by moving on from Streit pretty soon (waivers?) and bringing up old part-time Bruin, Joe Morrow. At least Joe has some nice wheels and won’t constantly get walked like a hyperactive puppy.
For the time being though, for those of us in Bruins country, let’s just enjoy the show currently airing up north like a Will Farrell movie. Let’s laugh. I mean, every franchise goes through regular quarter-century Stanley Cup droughts where they value the language you speak more than your actual talent you bring to the table. We have to soak this in.
Let’s enjoy the entertainment value of it all.Please visit the TN Bike Summit website for instructions on registration. Register before April 24 to receive the early-bird rate of only $25!
We’re working hard to firm up speakers and sessions. Stay in touch with the latest info by connecting to our Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Feel free to email us at tnbikesummit@gmail.com with any questions or comments.
See you in May!
AdvertisementsMore eateries in town are going meatless to cater to vegans and vegetarians. Check out these five vegetarian restaurants in eastern Singapore.
Need to refuel after exploring the beaches of East Coast Park or heritage-rich shophouses of Joo Chiat? Make your next pit stop a healthy one when you dine at these restaurants, which specialise in meatless Korean cuisine, vegan interpretations of local nosh or—believe it or not—nutritious fast food.
For hearty spring rolls, soups and stews
Souperstar
Opened by sisters Hong Wei Ting and Hong Wei Ling, this family-run establishment recreates the humble local snack, popiah (spring rolls, S$2.50-S$4.10). Souperstar replaces the traditional ingredients of shrimp sambal (chilli paste), turnips and boiled eggs with fixings like roast chicken, seaweed and fresh mango.
Besides the expertly rolled popiah, you’ll find big bowls of soups and stews on the menu. The former comes in three sizes and in flavours such as mushroom and clam chowder, while the stews are served alongside three-grain rice and a side salad.
Eastpoint Mall. 3 Simei Street 6 #B1-K6, Singapore 528833.
Daily 10am-9.30pm.
Fast food burgers with a healthy twist
VeganBurg
Burgers and fries as soul satisfying as they are nutritious—VeganBurg turns that fantasy into reality. The plant-based fast food joint from San Francisco serves up meat-free burgers whose patties incorporate fresh greens and other cholesterol-free, non-GMO (genetically modified organism) ingredients.
For more local flavours, sink your teeth into its char-grilled satay (grilled skewered meat) burger (S$9.90). It’s a grilled soya patty, drizzled in rich peanut sauce, served with pineapple slices and cucumber in-between high-fibre buns. Order it as a meal and you’ll get a side of seaweed fries or chopped broccoli, accompanied by a drink.
VeganBurg Singapore. 44 Jalan Eunos, Singapore 419502. +65 6844 6868.
Daily 11.30am-10pm.
Vegan interpretations of local delights and Western dishes
Loving Hut
Loving Hut has the right idea when it comes to whipping up innovative vegan food. Strictly plant-based, the restaurant offers Singaporean delights, such as Peranakan (Straits-born people of Chinese and Malay/Indonesian heritage) fare like nonya mee siam (rice vermicelli in a sweet-spicy broth, S$9.90) and Teochew dishes like kway chap (broad rice sheets in soya sauce broth, S$9.90). If you’re craving Western dishes, there are vegan renditions of fish and chips, and chicken chop on the menu.
Since it’s never too early to introduce vegan food to the little ones, Loving Hut’s kid-friendly menu features plates of tomato pasta and scrambled tofu sandwich.
Loving Hut. 229 Joo Chiat Road #01-01, Singapore 427489. +65 6348 6318.
Mon-Fri 11.30am-3pm, 6-9.30pm; Sat-Sun 11.30am-9.30pm.
Asian fusion meat-free dishes
Green Dot
No meat, no problem––from rice bowls to customised bento (home-packed meal) to noodles (S$8.90), vegetarian cuisine is anything but boring at Green Dot. Tuck into the tom yum noodles, which dunks soya-based ‘mutton’, chunks of carrots and konnyaku (Japanese konjac) prawn in a fiery tom yum broth. For those who can’t handle the heat, opt for the signature rendang (braised meat cooked in coconut milk and spices) mushroom rice bowl (S$11.90). The savoury dish comprises lion mane mushroom, gong bao (stir-fried chicken and vegetable dish) mushroom, broccoli, vegetables, and is topped off with a sprinkling of seaweed flakes.
Bedok Mall. 207B New Upper Changi Road #B2-31/32, Singapore 467345. +65 6844 9422.
Daily 11am-10pm.
Paya Lebar Square. 60 Paya Lebar Road #02-15/16/17, Singapore 409051. +65 6702 2221.
Daily 11am-10pm.
Meatless Korean dining
The Boneless Kitchen
At The Boneless Kitchen, your Korean dining experience goes beyond kimchi (Korean fermented cabbage) and bibimbap (Korean mixed rice with meat and assorted vegetables). Serving authentic flavours using ingredients directly imported from the motherland, the restaurant doles out mostly vegetarian dishes.
Choose from mains like mapa dubu (spicy tofu with rice, S$9.90) or japchae (stir-fried sweet potato noodles with vegetables, S$10.90) and complete it with Korean sides such as pan-fried tofu and seasoned spinach. Even the kimchi here is painstakingly prepared—without fish sauce or garlic.
The Boneless Kitchen is also great for dining in large groups, thanks to its Korean-style hot pots (S$35.90) that are meant for sharing. Go for the beoseot jeongol (mushroom hotpot) or doenjang jeongol (soyabean paste hotpot)—they’ll fill you up for hours to come.
The Boneless Kitchen. 1 Irving Place #01-31, Singapore 369546. +65 8457 6464.
Tue-Sun noon-9pm.
Customisable lunch sets
The Bento People
A quarter of whole grains and proteins, and half a plate of vegetables and fruits—that’s what a healthy and balanced meal should look like. With the help of bento boxes, The Bento People lets you create your own equally proportioned dish.
To assemble your box, pick three items from the menu. These range from meat to vegan-friendly options, like bulgogi (marinated slices of meat), tofu masala (Indian spice), and broccoli in Thai green curry. Other robust offerings include its grain bowls, such as the Quinoa Lemak Bowl (S$15.80): the seeds are tossed with virgin coconut oil, nuts, Japanese cucumbers and nasi lemak sambal (chilli paste from the savoury coconut rice dish).
The Bento People. 2 Kallang Avenue #02-17, Singapore 339407. +65 6443 2006.
Mon-Fri 11.30am-3pm, 5.30-8.30pm; Sat 11.30am-3pm.?
Full Monthly Marketing Management Packages
Social media content and management, blogs, newsletters and much more all included in one monthly fee.
Get in touch for more details and to discuss your requirements.
Full Marketing Plan
Our full marketing plans are in-depth documents that analyse your current business and market (target customer, SWOT analysis, etc) situation, give clear goals and objectives based on what you want to achieve for your company, a plan of how to put it all in place and details of how to monitor activities.
Digital Marketing Plan
Our digital marketing plans are similar to our full marketing plans but are focused on the digital marketing aspects of your business. Helping you identify who your target customers are and where to target them digitally.
Basic Marketing Plan
Our basic marketing plans are for those with less of a marketing budget. These documents cover the business and market analysis, the business goals and objectives and a basic plan of action.
Social Media Content & Upload to Hootsuite
PPM can provide a monthly service of content for your social media platforms in advance of the month, upload to Hootsuite and allow you to take care of business.
Blog Writing & Upload to Website (if WordPress)
Blogs are a great way to drive traffic to your website and the content can be used again and again.
PPM can write blogs for your website/business with the right format for SEO and include keywords and phrases relevant to your business/industry.
Newsletter Writing & Scheduling (MailChimp)
Keeping in touch with your customers, both past and present, is a key part of marketing.
Sending out a monthly newsletter is a great way to keep in touch with your customers and keep you at the forefront of their mind.
PPM can provide content, design and scheduling of newsletters in MailChimp (other formats on request).
Marketing Training & Courses
6 & 12 Month Marketing Schedules
Whether you choose a 6 month or 12 month schedule, PPM can create a spreadsheet plan to allow you to own your marketing activities over the coming months.
So you know exactly what you are supposed to be doing, when you are supposed to be doing it!
Social Media Competition Management
Competitions are a fantastic way to drive traffic to your website and increase engagement on your social media pages.
PPM can help you understand your audience to offer the right prize, create the content and graphics for posts, manage the competition and deliver a report once it is complete.
Facebook Advert Set Up, Monitoring & Report
PPM can provide a full Facebook (and Instagram) advert service from initial research to set up of audiences, monitoring and final report.
Social Media Plan & Strategy (Specific Product or Service Promotion)
Whether you have a new product or service on offer or you want to promote existing ones, PPM can create a detailed plan/strategy for you on the appropriate social media platforms.
MailChimp Account Set Up with Groups & Templates
PPM can set up your MailChimp newsletter account with the appropriate segments and fields for your business. As part of the service we will include up to 3 template newsletters.
Press Release & Advert Writing
PPM can write your press release and/or advert to help you connect with the target customer and engage them.
Proof Reading & Re-Writing of Content
You have the content but it isn’t very exciting and is a bit text heavy, do you send it anyway?
No!
Send it to us, we will read over and amend the content to make it more engaging and exciting.
Website Content Writing
A new shiny website is a must for a new business, making sure it is fast and the design looks great.
However, if the content isn’t good or appropriate for your SEO then it won’t be worth the money.
PPM can create content for your website based on your keywords, key phrases, target customer and industry.
Existing Website Review & Content
You’ve had your website for a while and it’s looking a bit tired, the content isn’t really relevant and the layout doesn’t flow. It’s time to get a website review.
PPM will provide a full website review including; content, layout, UX (User Experience), design and navigation.
Wordpress Website Yoast SEO Review
Yoast SEO from WordPress is a fantastic tool to make your website rank better on Google. But it’s also very time consuming.
Let PPM do the hard work and get your website’s SEO status to green.
Reporting & Analysis
If you have been doing your own marketing for a while but not sure how it’s doing then PPM can provide research and a report to help you understand what is working or what is not.
We can also provide monthly digital reports for our social media, blog, newsletter customers.
Company Marketing Reviews
A company marketing review is a meeting and report to discuss and highlight any marketing issues and make suggestions of how to correct them and move forward.
Marketing Consultancy
Whether you need a full marketing review for your business or there is a specific marketing job (see other services) you would like to outsource, then PPM can help.
Corporate Event Management
Whether you are launching a new product or celebrating a significant milestone for your business, PPM can help organise and manage the event to let you enjoy the moment.Overall- Hmmm... I really hate the X-Men... Not the comic, but the team. I truly hate the way Cyclops has been written as of late. He isn't Scott Summers anymore... I don't know what he is now. The Cyclops I know doesn't crack jokes and parade the fact that he is a mutant around for all to know. Cyclops is a sullen, angst-ridden leader, who is competent, but stone cold serious.
This comic was all wrong to me! Nobody behaved in the way I'd expect them to. Well, except for Magneto. Am I a bad person for rooting Mags on during the battle? I wanted him to just wipe the floor with these so called "X-Men". I wanted him to maim and kill them. Naturally he lost, as per usual, but it was such a thrill to witness Magneto back again at the height of his abilities.
I can tell these next few issues of Uncanny are going to be funny, because I'm going to be rooting hard for the bad guy's to kill these "X-Men". As far as I am concerned, all the current X-Men are Skrulls, and the real X-Men are just sitting around waiting to come back.
As I said before, I will never stop collecting Marvel Comics. I just can't. When you love something, no matter what it does to you, you just can't let it go. That's me. I just can't stop reading these comics, because it is my real hope that things will go back to normal again and I want to be there for that day.
This comic, with the exception of the Magneto battle and his alliance with the High Evolutionary, really disappointed me. I really was hoping for something much bigger in issue 500 then what was here. You know, maybe a Jean Grey resurrection??? I've been really patient, but it's time. Bring back Jean dammit! Issue #500 would have been the perfect time to do it, but alas, it was not to be... Oh well, opportunity lost. To me this issue was only a 4 out of 10, and that was only thanks to Mags showing up. The rest really sucked.
Tuesday, October 28, 2008
Uncanny X-men #500Chowrasta Market
Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Chowrasta Market
or
Pasar Chowrasta
(GPS: 5.41812, 100.33143) is one of the two community markets in inner
George Town
. The name is quite likely derived from Hindi चौक रास्ता (chauk raasta)
meaning "square" (The word "Chowk" is still found in many cities in India where markets are held).
The marketplace is probably the most popular spot to get local titbits such as preserved nutmeg, tau33.
Chowrasta Market has been undergoing restoration for several years since 2012. The restoration of the rear-side of the market was completed in 2015, with full restoration completed in January 2017.
The restoration has faithfully retained the location of the various shops at the market. The section facing Penang Road is occupied by outlets selling preserves such as nutmeg and plums, as sell as dodol, belacan and medicated oils. The wet market occupies the main portion of the ground floor bordered by Tamil Street, Chowrasta Road and Kuala Kangsar Road. Outlets selling clothes occupy the first floor around the atrium which has a pair of escalators. The middle portion of the first floor is occupied by the second hand bookshops. The rear portion of the first floor has one of the levels of the multi-storey car park.
Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
"Labourer To Trader" Iron-Rod Sculpture.
.
(7 January, 2017)
Outlets selling local titbits in front of Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Fresh nutmeg being sold at Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Pickled nutmeg and other pickled fruits at Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Outlets selling titbits at Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Escalator to the first floor of Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Shops on the first floor of Chowrasta Market. This shoe shop began operating on the very day I took this shot.
(7 January, 2017)
The second-hand bookshops of Chowrasta Market.
(7 January, 2017)
Chowrasta Market's Second-Hand Bookshops
Details
Tim at the newly restored Chowrasta Market
(7 January, 2017)
Parking at Chowrasta market
Parking at Chowrasta Market is managed by MTG Automation using smartcard. The fee is RM1.00 per hour.
The ramp going up to the multi-storey car park at Chowrasta Market.
(7 January, 2017)
Smartcard parking ticket at Chowrasta Market.
(7 January, 2017)
The Autopay machine for parking at Chowrasta Market is near the market's second-hand bookshops.
(7 January, 2017)
How to go to Chowrasta Market
From the
Weld Quay Ferry & Bus Terminal
, take
Rapid Penang Bus
CAT
,
10
,
11
,
101
,
103
,
104
,
201
,
202
,
203
,
204
and
206
to the bus stop in front of Chowrasta Market. You can also take the
Penang Hop-On Hop-Off Tourist Bus
to go there.
Chowrasta Market in the history of Penang.
Chowrasta Market before the restoration
Chowrasta Market, George Town, Penang
(30 August, 2012)
Chowrasta Market, Penang Road
(1 September 2008)
Chowrasta Market, Chowrasta Road
(16 July 2008)
Chowrasta Market is
on the map of
Penang Road
List of
Markets in Penang
and
Markets
|Get the Scoop!
Find out more about the benefits of membership in Maryland Foreign Language Association (MFLA).
It’s easy to join.
Did you know that registration for the fall and spring conferences is one of the best ways to get a membership? It’s included in your registration fee.
In this webinar, we’ll share the details of the spring conference, Learn More on the Shore 2 and tell you how to submit a proposal.
This webinar is not just for new members. If you’ve been a part of MFLA, join us to find out more about this conference and consider submitting a proposal to present.
See you Wednesday, November 29th, at 4:30 PM (EDT). Register now!HIV Articles
Back
 
HIV Serosorting in Men Who Have Sex With Men: Is It Safe?
JAIDS Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes:Volume 49(2)October 2008pp 212-218
Golden, Matthew R MD, MPH*; Stekler, Joanne MD, MPH*; Hughes, James P PhD; Wood, Robert W MD*
From the *Public Health-Seattle & King County; Center for AIDS and STD, and the Department of Biostatistics, University of Washington, Seattle, WA.6.
DISCUSSION
Using sexual history data collected during more than 10,000 visits by MSM to our STD clinic over more than a 6-year period, we evaluated the prevalence of serosorting, trends in its occurrence, and the protective efficacy of the practice. We found that our MSM patients acknowledged a behavior consistent with serosorting during more than a quarter of all clinical encounters; that the practice was increasing, particularly among HIV-infected MSM; that serosorting was associated with a lower risk of testing HIV positive than nonconcordant UAI, but a higher risk than universal condom use; that serosorting was associated with no decrease in the risk for bacterial STD; and that the protective efficacy of serosorting may be declining.
Our findings related to the protective efficacy of serosorting are consistent with previously published and presented findings. Two cohort studies of MSM have found that UAI with partners believed to be HIV negative was an independent risk factor for acquiring HIV.21,22,27 Similarly, a case-control study conducted in Seattle found that MSM who recently acquired HIV were more likely than MSM who tested HIV negative to report having UAI with a causal partner they believed to be HIV uninfected.28 All 3 of these studies suggest that HIV-uninfected men who serosort remain at risk for HIV. The Seattle case-control study did not observe an association between testing HIV negative and participants' report that they had decided not to have sex with partners because those partners were HIV positive, a direct measure of men's decision to serosort that we have used in a previous study.13 This finding casts some doubt on the protective efficacy of serosorting when it is adopted by HIV-uninfected men as a conscious effort to diminish HIV risk. Overall, our findings support the conclusion that serosorting offers partial protection from HIV; it is better than having nonconcordant UAI, but not as good as universal condom use. However, that conclusion should be tempered by the realization that our approach to classifying serosorters was based on whether men had nonconcordant UAI and not whether they made a purposeful decision to serosort. Also, from both a personal and a public health perspective, the limits of serosorting seem to be profound. The practice appeared to reduce the risk of acquiring HIV by <50% compared with having sex with partners of unknown or discordant HIV status, and 32% of all MSM with newly diagnosed HIV reported that UAI with a partner they believed to be HIV negative was their most risky sexual behavior. This finding suggests that the population-attributable risk associated with serosorting may be high.
We also observed that the proportion of HIV-infected men who could be classified as serosorters is increasing, though this trend seemed to primarily affect HIV-infected MSM. This finding is consistent with observations from London,15,29 where researchers have observed an increase in serosorting among HIV-positive men, but not HIV-negative men. In contrast, public health officials in San Francisco and Sydney have reported findings they believe to be consistent with a trend toward increased serosorting among HIV-uninfected MSM.16,17 We cannot say the extent to which differences observed in these studies reflect true variations in behavior versus differences in how the studies recruited their populations or defined serosorting. Serosorting among HIV-infected men may place them at risk for HIV superinfection30 and, as shown by our study, does not protect them from bacterial STD. On the other hand, serosorting among HIV-infected MSM does not pose the same risk for inadvertent HIV transmission as serosorting among HIV-uninfected men. Insofar as the trends we observed also included a decline in nonconcordant UAI among HIV-infected MSM, one could speculate that the rise in serosorting among HIV-infected MSM decreased HIV transmission and increased the protective efficacy of serosorting for HIV-uninfected MSM. Unfortunately, we found that the risk of acquiring HIV among HIV-uninfected serosorters may be increasing.
The fact that serosorting seems to have become more risky for HIV-uninfected MSM is surprising and concerning. In a separate study, we recently found that the period between HIV tests among MSM testing HIV positive in STD clinics in Seattle and 3 other US cities declined between 2001 and 2006.31 Like the decline in nonconcordant UAI we observed in this study, one would think that such a change would make serosorting safer for HIV-uninfected MSM; the period during which men are unknowingly infected should decrease and, with it, the risk of inadvertently transmitting HIV to partner should be reduced. These disparate trends merit additional study and highlight the complexity of trying to understand HIV transmission trends based on limited information about behavioral risks. Although we believe our findings merit confirmation, from a practical perspective, the observation that the protective efficacy of serosorting may be declining should prompt additional caution related to serosorting.
Our study population was comprised of clinical evaluations of MSM who sought care at a single STD clinic in Seattle, WA. The self-selected nature of this sample, the geographical focus of the population, and the need to exclude some visits from the analysis because of missing data all may limit the generalizability of our findings. Also, we did not have data on patients' number of sex partners of different HIV status or number of sex acts with partners of each HIV status, information that would have permitted us to conduct a more detailed analysis. We did not routinely collect data on how patients knew a partner's HIV status, and some infections we attribute to serosorting failure may reflect patient's assumptions about partners' HIV status rather than inaccurate explicit discussions between men before sex. As in other studies of sexual behavior, our data are based on self-report, which may be inaccurate. Finally, as in most previous studies, we defined serosorting based on patients' reports of their partners' HIV status and their condom use. In many instances, decisions to have sex or use condoms with partners were probably not based on an active decision to serosort; people form sexual partnerships based on myriad factors (age, race, socioeconomic status, social connections, emotional bonds, etc.), many of which may affect the likelihood that their partner is HIV infected or wants to use condoms. These factors could affect whether we classified a person as a serosorter and might be independent of whether that person made a conscious decision to serosort. As a result, our analysis may not accurately represent the true prevention efficacy of serosorting as an active prevention strategy.
In summary, we found that serosorting is common and that it seems to be increasing among HIV-infected MSM. It offers some protection against HIV, but a large proportion of persons with newly diagnosed HIV report UAI with partners they believe to be HIV uninfected as their highest risk sexual behavior. We also observed what may be a decline in the protective efficacy of serosorting over time. Whether trying to increase serosorting is a good idea depends on what behavior it replaces. To the extent that men adopted it as an alternative to more consistent condom use, it is undesirable. Insofar as it replaces nonconcordant UAI, it should be encouraged. Clinicians and counselors should be able to discuss serosorting with their patients and clients, making clear that it is not an optimal strategy for avoiding HIV but that it may be a good step toward safety for some people. Unfortunately, the complexity of serosorting makes it difficult to craft simple, clear, and accurate public health messages about the practice. We believe that widespread efforts to promote serosorting, particularly among HIV-uninfected persons, should be undertaken with caution and, if adopted, should be accompanied by rigorous evaluations to assure that they do not increase the population's HIV risk. Beyond this, our findings highlight the need for HIV-uninfected men who serosort to test for HIV frequently using the most sensitive available tests (ie, HIV RNA or HIV antigen tests) and to honestly discuss their HIV status and testing history with sex partners.
RESULTS
Between October 1, 2001, and December 31, 2007, clinicians and staff in the STD clinic evaluated 8314 MSM during 15,416 new problem visits. Charts included complete sexual behavioral data, including HIV testing history, for 12,449 (81%) clinical encounters, and these visits comprised the study population. Analyses using new HIV as an outcome, which were restricted to visits during which men were tested for HIV, included 8122 (75%) of the 10,851 visits by men without a prior HIV diagnosis. Analyses using bacterial STD as an outcome, which were restricted to visits during which men were tested for at least 1 bacterial STD, included 11,483 (92%) of 12,449 visits.
Table 1 presents data comparing clinic visits by men with and without a prior HIV diagnosis. Older men and African American men comprised a larger proportion of visits, and Asian men comprised a smaller proportion of visits, among MSM with a prior HIV diagnosis than among men without such a diagnosis. Comparing visits by men with and without a prior HIV diagnosis, previously diagnosed MSM sought care more often for symptoms or because of contact to STD and reported higher numbers of sex partners. Sexual repertoire and mixing patterns also significantly differed based on HIV status. In an analysis restricted to each patient's first visit to the clinic during the study period, symptom as a reason for visit was not significantly more common among persons with a prior HIV diagnosis, but all other associations observed in the analysis comparing visits by men with and without a prior HIV diagnosis remained statistically significant with the same direction of association (data not shown).
Among visits by men without a prior HIV diagnosis who tested for HIV during their visit (Table 1), men who reported HIV testing within the last 12 months reported higher numbers of sex partners and riskier sexual repertoires during a larger proportion of their clinic visits than men who had not recently HIV tested. Recently, HIV-tested men were also diagnosed with a bacterial STD during a larger proportion of their visits than men who had not been recently HIV tested. However, men who had not been HIV tested in the preceding 12 months tested HIV positive during a larger proportion of visits than men who had tested in the preceding year.
Figure 1 presents trends in the proportion of visits (n = 10,218) by MSM clinic patients who reported having no anal intercourse, only protected anal intercourse, serosorting, and nonconcordant UAI; results are presented separately for men with and without a prior HIV diagnosis. Among men who had previously tested HIV positive, the proportion of visits during which men reported serosorting significantly increased over the study period (P = 0.03), whereas the proportion of visits during which men reported having nonconcordant UAI significantly decreased. Among men without a prior HIV diagnosis, the proportion of visits during which men reported serosorting also increased over the study period and the proportion of visits during which men reported nonconcordant UAI decreased, but these changes were small and were not statistically significant. The proportions of visits during which men reported not having anal intercourse or having no UAI did not significantly change.
Table 2 presents data on the association of different sexual risk behaviors with newly testing HIV positive among visits by men who reported testing HIV negative in the preceding 12 months. A total of 117 (2.3%) of the 5149 tests performed on these men were HIV positive. The highest risk of testing HIV positive was associated with having URAI with an HIV-positive partner, and receptive anal intercourse was consistently more risky than insertive anal intercourse. On multivariate analysis, testing HIV positive was significantly associated with URAI with HIV-positive partners and URAI with HIV-negative partners. Number of sex partners in the preceding 12 months was not significantly associated with HIV in this multivariate model, nor did inclusion of number of sex partners in the last 12 months alter the significant association between testing HIV positive and URAI with HIV-positive or HIV-negative partners (data not shown). When this analysis was repeated in a population that included all MSM with complete behavioral data (ie, not only men who reported testing HIV negative in the preceding 12 months), testing HIV positive was also significantly associated with URAI with partners of unknown HIV status (data not shown).
Classifying men based on their highest risk sexual behavior, the largest proportion of men with newly diagnosed HIV (32%) reported URAI with an HIV-negative man as their highest risk behavior. In contrast, although men who reported URAI with an HIV-positive partner had a much higher risk of testing HIV positive (8.7% vs. 3.0%), only 13% of men with newly diagnosed HIV acknowledged that behavior.
The risk of testing positive for HIV was highest when men reported engaging in nonconcordant UAI, intermediate among serosorters and lowest among men who reported no UAI (Table 3). In an analysis restricted to visits by men who tested negative for HIV in the preceding 12 months, the risk of testing HIV positive was lower among serosorters than among men who engaged in nonconcordant UAI, though this difference was not significant [OR 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.48 to 1.1]. This difference was significant when data included all visits by men tested for HIV during the study period (OR 0.54, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.74). Serosorting and nonconcordant UAI were associated with a comparable risk for bacterial STD (Table 4); this risk was significantly higher than the risk observed during visits when men denied having UAI or any anal sex and was independent of number of sex partners or the HIV status the patient reported at time of clinic visit.
Among visits by men who reported testing HIV negative in the preceding 12 months, both the risk associated with serosorting and the proportion of newly diagnosed cases that serosorted increased over time. From 2001 to 2003, 3 (0.85%) of 351 serosorters newly tested positive for HIV, whereas from 2004 to 2005, 15 (3.8%) of 396 serosorters tested HIV positive and from 2006 to 2007, 22 (2.8%) of 779 serosorters tested HIV positive (OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.0 to 4.5, 2004-2007 vs. 2001-2003). In contrast, the risk associated with nonconcordant UAI remained stable across the 3 time periods at 4.2% (13/313), 3.2% (13/412), and 3.5% (23/661), respectively (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.5, 2004-2007 vs. 2001-2003). Likewise, the risk associated with anal intercourse only with condoms remained stable at 1.2% (5/399), 1.9% (9/482), and 1.5% (14/946) (OR 0.1.3, 95% CI 0.49 to 3.4, 2004-2007 vs. 2001-2003). Between 2001 and 2003, 3 (14%) of 21 MSM diagnosed with HIV reported serosorting at their testing visit, whereas from 2004 to 2005 and from 2006 to 2007, 15 (40%) of 37 and 22 (37%) of 59 new diagnoses, respectively, occurred in men who reported serosorting (OR 3.8, 95% CI 1.0 to 13.7, 2004-2007 vs. 2001-2003).
METHODS
This study is a secondary data analysis of information recorded in the Public Health-Seattle & King County STD Clinic electronic medical record. Clinicians and staff collected all behavioral information used in the study as part of routine clinical risk assessments, and all laboratory tests were done as part of standard clinical care. The unit of analysis throughout the study is the clinic visit, meaning that some individuals contributed more than 1 visit to the analysis.
Study Population and Data Collection
The study population was comprised of MSM evaluated in the Public Health-Seattle & King County STD Clinic between October 1, 2001, and December 31, 2007. We excluded visits from the analysis if data on a patient's sexual behavior was insufficiently complete to allow us to classify the patient as a serosorter or not a serosorter or if clinicians neglected to record information on the patient's HIV testing history. We restricted analyses that used new HIV diagnosis as an outcome to visits during which men were tested for HIV and analyses that used new bacterial STD as an outcome to visits during which men were tested for at least 1 such infection. Clinicians and HIV testing staff used a structured form to record patient histories. These histories were obtained before HIV testing, and.
HIV and STD Testing
Clinicians recommended HIV testing to all patients who reported that they have not previously tested HIV positive. We tested patients who agreed to a blood draw using a second-generation HIV EIA (Vironostika HIV-1 Microelisa System; bioMerieux, Durham, NC, or rLAV Genetic System; Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA). We offered OraQuick rapid HIV antibody tests (Orasure technologies, Bethlehem, PA). to MSM patients at high risk for HIV infection; these tests were performed on finger-stick blood until 2007, and thereafter on saliva. In addition, since 2003, we performed pooled HIV RNA testing on all MSM who tested for HIV and who agreed to a blood draw.24,25
Clinicians routinely obtained rectal specimens for gonorrhea and chlamydial culture from MSM who acknowledged having receptive anal intercourse in the preceding year. We obtained urethral specimens (swab or urine) from men if they had signs or symptoms of urethritis or if they reported exposure to a partner with gonorrhea or chlamydia. We tested urethral specimens by culture or APTIMA Combo 2 (Gen-probe, San Diego, CA). Our laboratory performed gonorrhea cultures on modified Thayer-Martin media and chlamydial cultures on McCoy cell culture.26
Data Analysis
To assess the relative contribution of different sexual behaviors [eg, unprotected receptive anal intercourse (URAI) with an HIV-positive partner] to the risk of acquiring HIV, we first used generalized estimating equations to define the odds ratio (OR) for testing HIV positive associated with each behavior. We used these results to create a hierarchy of risk behaviors and divided the population into groups, with each visit classified based on the single highest risk behavior reported during the visit. We created a multivariate generalized estimating equations model by initially including all sexual risk behaviors and then removing variables with the highest P values stepwise, retaining only significant variables (P < 0.05) in the final model.
To assess how effective serosorting might be in preventing HIV or bacterial STD, we classified men's visits into 4 groups: (1) men who reported UAI with partners of the same HIV status only (serosorters); (2) men who reported UAI with partners of discordant HIV status or partners of unknown HIV status (nonconcordant UAI); (3) men who reported only protected anal sex; and (4) men who denied having anal sex. We assessed the risk of testing positive for HIV based on this classification. Because clinicians and staff in our clinic collected sexual history information for a 1-year time frame, we initially restricted this analysis to persons who had tested negative for HIV in the preceding year.
In analyzing trends in serosorting, we defined men as serosorters if they had UAI with men of the same HIV status only; we restricted this analysis to each man's first visit to the clinic in each calendar year. Because we had data for <3 months in 2001, we combined 2001 data with 2002 data. For analyses using bacterial STD as an outcome, we defined a bacterial STD to include rectal or urethral infections with Chlamydia trachomatis or Neisseria gonorrhoeae or early syphilis (primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis). Analyses evaluating trends in sexual risk behavior used generalized estimating equations with calendar year as an independent variable. We performed all analyses using the SAS system (SAS, Cary, NC). The University of Washington Division of Human Subjects approved all study procedures.
View older Articles
Back to TopThe FT have published MORI’s monthly political monitor. The topline figures with changes from MORI’s last monthly poll are CON 36%(nc), LAB 32%(-1), LDEM 24%(+3), suggesting that while there is little change in levels of support for the Conservatives and Labour, the Liberal Democrats have benefitted from their vocal condemnation of Israel’s actions in Lebanon.
It is worth noting that the poll was conducted almost simultaeneously with the YouGov and ICM polls released last week which showed no such boost for the Lib Dems, suggesting that this figure may well just be a blip. The lack of past vote weighting and the harsh use of a filter by likelihood to vote makes MORI’s figures significantly more volatile than any other pollster (the average change in a party’s support in each pollster’s regular monthly polls are YouGov 1.58 points, ICM 1.77 points, Populus 1.86 points (since changing methodlogy in January) and MORI 3.26 points).
Tony Blair’s approval ratings reached a new low. Only 23% were satisfied with the job he was doing as Prime Minister with 67% disatisfied, a net approval of minus 44. To put this in context, the 23% approval rating is getting close to the sort of figures Thatcher recorded during the poll tax riots (20% and 21%) – though John Major endured levels of satisfaction below that for the majority of 1994. While the FT does not carry the figures, it also reports that David Cameron’s satisfaction ratings showed the same sort of fall that YouGov recorded last week, giving him a negative approval rating for the first time.Blog: Tagged 'Recreation Design'
Montrose Fieldhouse Transformation
Posted by Neil Arends on December 21, 2017 at 10:31am
See inside central Denver’s new $44 million urban recreation center
Carla Madison Recreation Center, the city park system’s first truly urban facility, is set to open in January.
Posted by Jon Murray on December 7, 2017 at 12:12
MCRC wins CPRA Columbine Award
CPRA recognizes Montrose Community Recreation Center with a Columbine AwardContinue
Posted by Neil Arends on October 6, 2017 at 10:00am
Moorhead Recreation Center Grand Opening
The newly renovated Moorhead Recreation Center reopens its doors to the city of Aurora.Continue
Posted by Megan Mitchell on August 15, 2017 at 02:00pm
Page 1 of 3OLYMPIA FIELDS, Ill. – The No. 17 Florida State men’s golf team started the season strong with a second place showing at the Olympia Fields Country Club/Fighting Illini Invitational on Sunday. The day was highlighted by two players finishing in the top 10 and a hole-in-one.
“I regard this as one of college golf’s major tournaments of the year,” said head coach Trey Jones. “We went out and put ourselves in a position to win the golf tournament with nine holes to play. Hats off to Illinois for playing a great final nine on a really hard golf course.”
Florida State had its best round of the weekend with a 3-over 283 to finish the tournament with a 32-over 872. The Seminoles finished 11 strokes behind host school Illinois. The 15-team field featured 10 teams in the top 25 Golf Coaches Association of American Preseason rankings.
“I am encouraged that we shot the third best score of the tournament at a time we needed it most,” continued Jones. “Being able to play tough golf courses is a great characteristic for any player or team. I am proud of the guys for getting better as the week went on and this could be a very good team if we keep improving.”
Junior Rowin Caron finished tied for fourth for his best finish since his freshman season, a tie for first at the Gary Koch Invitational. Caron finished the day with a 71 for a 5-over 215 three round total, only two strokes behind co-medalists Maverick McNealy of Stanford and Dylan Meyer of Illinois.
“Rowin really played some good golf this week,” continued Jones. “He had something to prove to himself and he executed very well.”
“I’m proud of the team this week as we all fought hard,” said Caron. “Josh (Lee) played really well today. I didn’t have my best ball striking but managed to shoot a good score with a good short game and putting on a very tough course.”
Sophomore Josh Lee jumped up 20 spots in the individual standings with a 2-under 68 to finish tied for sixth place. His three round total of 6-over 216 gave him his first top 10 finish of his collegiate career. He also made the second-most birdies of the tournament with 10, including five in the third round.
“Josh’s 68 should give him a great deal of confidence,” continued Jones. “He is a lot better than he was this time last year.”
Sophomore Jack Maguire finished in a tie for 15th with a three-day total of 9-over 219. He turned in a 2-over 72 to finish out the day to move up three spots.
Junior Hank Lebioda posted his first collegiate hole-in-one on the eighth hole and followed that up with a birdie on the ninth hole. Those two holes were good enough for him to jump 14 spots in the individual standings to finish tied for 30th. The last ace by a Seminole was Maguire last season on October 13 at the Crooked Stick Intercollegiate.
“Hank’s shot was the best shot I have even seen,” concluded Jones. “The pin was tucked front right and he made a hybrid from 247 yards. The ball went in like a putt.”
Redshirt sophomore Cristobal Del Solar finished the tournament tied for 62nd with a 234.
The next tournament for the Seminoles is the Jerry Pate National Intercollegiate October 6-7. Check back to Seminoles.com for all your information on the golf team and follow the team at twitter.com/fsugolf.
OFCC/Fighting Illini Invitational
Olympia Fields CC (Par 70, 7,290 yards)
Team Standings (18 holes)
1. Illinois – 861 (+21)
2. Florida State – 872 (+32)
3. Baylor – 876 (+36)
4. Stanford – 882 (+42)
5. Oklahoma State – 885 (+45)
6. Texas – 892 (+52)
7. Colorado – 893 (+53)
8. Virginia Tech – 895 (+55)
9. Alabama – 897 (+57)
10. Oklahoma – 898 (+58)
11. Texas A&M – 900 (+60)
12. Michigan – 903 (+63)
13. Arkansas – 905 (+65)
14. Connecticut – 909 (+69)
15. Indiana – 922 (+82)
Florida State Players
T4. Rowin Caron – 215 (+5)
T6. Josh Lee – 216 (+6)
T15. Jack Maguire – 219 (+9)
T30. Hank Lebioda – 224 (+14)
T62. Cristobal Del Solar – 234 (24)
––
Regional Topics, the San Felipe Economy and more.....
...by Tony Colleraine
Sunday 21 August 2011
I was surprised by how tranquil San Felipe was this weekend. As I have mentioned before, visitor traffic has been building slowly but steadily over the summer. This weekend was different; pleasantly quiet and tranquil. I first noticed the slowdown because of the absence of quads racing up and down the beach on Friday afternoon. It seems the prime reason is that the children in Baja start school again on Monday. Parents are out on that last mad dash to get new shoes, clothes and supplies for the young scholars - no time for a trip to the beach in San Felipe!
The weather was scorching in the middle of the week but it has moderated substantially in the last couple of days. Old timers will recognize the nip in the air in the very early morning. Of course, it is still hot by most standards but fall is on the way.
I was privileged to have a late lunch on the patio at the El Cortez today. The location, right on the beach, has always been one of my favorite places for a drink and a shrimp cocktail. Back when I had the Net office in Plaza Canela, I used to lunch there quite frequently as it was within easy walking distance. Today the patio was a perfect setting with the water lapping gently on the shore and a couple of elderly hotel guests swimming lazily back and forth. No banana boats and no vendors pestering us to buy Chinese-made trinkets. On the way out of the hotel, I noticed that the old Net office is again vacant. The real estate company that took it over has moved elsewhere.
There is talk in town of a fatal shooting in a hotel north of the Arches. Apparently, very early on Saturday morning the military burst into a small hotel around km 187 on the Mexicali road and surprised a drug dealer who had crystal and rifles in the room. There appears to be an embargo on further information at this time.
Thursday 18 August 2011
This morning has been sizzling hot in San Felipe with temperatures even along the beach rising to well over 100F. (We actually hit a new record high of 106 F at 11:30 a.m.) Our sympathies go out to the people north of town living in developments still without electricity. Fortunately, the wind is now shifting from the south to the east and this will bring some moderation to these punishing conditions.
Reports yesterday indicate that the roadwork south of Mexicali has proceeded to the point of making additional drainage cuts through the existing causeway across the Laguna Salada (south of km 70). This means more "ups-and-downs" between the road and the desert surface diversions but it is also heartening to hear that the work south of the Rio Hardy is now winding up as grading and paving enters its final phase.
Since we are now under the influence of moisture moving north up the gulf towards Arizona, thunderstorms are now possible in the late afternoons. Any such storms can result in muddy conditions in the construction zones. The last time this happened we had big trailer trucks getting stuck and cars sliding around. Keep an eye on the weather when you plan your trip! I can recommend the Ensenada road (in spite of a few stretches of potholes) as an alternative daylight route between San Felipe and San Diego.
Each weekend, more people are coming to town and local merchants say that business is better even than the Memorial Day and July 4th. weekends.
Tuesday 16 August 2011
A couple of weeks ago the weather was intolerably hot and humid. Now it has moderated and this is a wonderful time to have a true beach vacation in San Felipe. The water temperature is about 93 degrees in the swimming zone and the air temperature also reaches into the nineties by the mid-afternoon. The easterly breezes have been coming up around lunch time and you could not ask for better weather for lazing around. Here is an example of the type of activity that you will enjoy:
Las Palmas beach
If you are staying at the Marina Resort or one of the fabulous condominiums on the Las Palmas beach you will be in paradise. Only on this stretch of the San Felipe bay can you step from your suite and on to miles of pristine shoreline washed by the clean southerly swells as the tide rises and falls. I see people out at dawn collecting shells and sand dollars when the tide is out and the sun is low in the sky. They then disappear for breakfast and the first round of Mimosas as the heat index rises well over 100 degrees because the cooling breezes are not yet active.
Generally, the onshore wind starts up late in the morning and the temperature drops to a very pleasant 90 degrees - ideal for serious sunbathing. A palapa in front of the Marina Resort, or under your own beach umbrella, is the place to be. The staff will ply you with ice-cold beverages to ensure that you do not get dehydrated, and a plunge into their infinity pool will restore your energy.
Later in the afternoon you will see guests strolling south and sitting at the sea edge, letting the gentle waves lap over them. An hour or so before sunset local SanFelos arrive with their families for the ritual immersion. I think that they still find the water cool because they generally like to go in fully clothed.
At many apartments, condominiums and hotels you will see small planters containing aloe vera plants near the door. This is very typical throughout Mexico. Aloe leaves are used extensively throughout the country for their healing and theraputic powers.
Break off a small piece of a leaf, squeeze out the gel and use it to very lightly moisten the skin after intense sun exposure. It has a wonderful cooling feeling and appears to be biologically active in treating many skin disorders. While some may also eat the gel as an antidote to Baghdad Belly, I would caution against it.
Thursday 11 August 2011
Although there were reports at the harbor that one of the pangas from the sunken vessel Erik had been snared in a trawler net and the location marked for further investigation, there has been no indication that the mother ship is in the same vicinity. The official investigation of the incident is, apparently, still in progress.
Along the beaches, the marine water patrols are now much more vigilant to ensure that there are no further fatal encounters between bathers and the various banana boats and jet skis. Expect to be pursued if you are seen coming too close to other boats or people while you are speeding in the bay.
On the larger scene of news about Mexico we see that both the U.S and Mexican governments now report that net immigration of Mexicans into the U.S.A. has fallen to zero. A big factor is the expansion of the economy in Mexico; things are scary but the recovery is well ahead of the USA. In addition, llegal entry into the US is now very much more difficult as a result of the huge buildup of enforcement officers along the border. It is truly remarkable to see the number of border patrol vehicles scouring the deserts in California (and, I am sure, in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas).
On my last drive on Route 98 from Calexico to San Diego, I counted 15 patrols (one every couple of miles); I am sure that there are many more that are not visible. I was also stopped by agents who enquired as to my citizenship and where I lived. They were extremely friendly and courteous but it seems that elderly people driving clean cars at the speed limit are one of the new profile groups.
The decline over the past five years in immigration from Mexico is illustrated in this Pew report here:
Much of the migration is now the legal, documented, relocation of people on both sides of the border.
More Americans are looking at Mexico as a place to make their retirement funds stretch further, while more skilled Mexicans are relocating to California and the southwest to ensure that their children get the best possible education. Educational opportunity is now the most critical factor for people wanting to come to the USA.
These immigrants also contribute significantly to their families back home. For about 6 months now, the remittances sent to Mexico from the US have been rising and could reach $20 billion this year. Just because these people may be classified as "migrant workers" , we forget that they include skilled engineers, scientists, businessmen....
In San Diego, it is now possible to do business seamlessly in Spanish. You will hear people lapse in-and-out between English and Spanish in any shopping mall or large restaurant. The utility bills are completely explained in both languages, every customer service facility is idiomatically geared to deal in the border "language". They speak Spanish like natives because almost all of them have family members in, or have come from border cities like Tijuana and Mexicali. These are the people who came to make a new life and they are succeeding.
I wish that San Felipe were as bilingual as San Diego. It is hard to do business in San Felipe because of the very pleasant yet very unclear communications that occur. It is not necessarily the literal, it is the intent that gets lost.
Many American retirees do speak some Spanish but in many cases we just stick to a handful of words. Years ago, I used to think how wonderful it would be if every retiree coming to San Felipe learned Spanish. Now I think the best thing is for everyone to speak English. English is important for tourism, for dealing with the elderly, for medicine, but particularly for the education of the young.
Monday 1 August 2011
August has finally arrived and we can give up all pretense of working.
To all of the many letter-writers thank you for your comments and questions. It is getting to be just too much to deal with every item.
I know everyone wants the very latest on the search for the fishing vessel ERIC, I know that the issue of vessel safety is on every fishermans mind, to say nothing of the worry that their next-of-kin write about.
There are many things that I do not know. I do not know if the amount of ballast that is put into one of these boats is calculated to take into account the added superstructure. I do not know the inspection procedures that must be made for the authorities to certify a vessel as being seaworthy. I do not know what operating regulations are to be enforced if rough weather hits........ All of these things will, presumably, be addressed in the official enquiry.
The point is that it is August in Mexico. Very, very, little happens. Paperwork gets lost, telephone calls go unanswered and all priorities fall to zero. Our state capital, Mexicali, is one of the hottest cities on the face of the earth, and without Mexicali little can happen in San Felipe. Do what everyone else does: relax and have another cold beverage.
previous months news - - June-July 2011 - The loss of the ERIK and death of fishermen, Totoava statue Tony Reyes and Chichi Fernandez, the new party boat "Mi amor otra vez", plans for the road south
©1997-2011 sanfelipe.com.mx
San Felipe, Baja California, Mexico
"A non-profit organization (NGO) dedicated to bringing information technologies and opportunities to the San Felipe region"Introducing Rev. Joanna Fontaine Crawford
A lifelong Unitarian Universalist and Texan, Rev. Crawford was raised in Houston, Texas. She received her Bachelor of Arts in English from the University of Texas in 1991. After graduation, she worked first in marketing and advertising before moving to the new field of web design.
Although she was an active lay leader in her home congregation and district, it wasn’t until attending General Assembly in 2004 that she finally admitted to herself that she was drawn to ministry. One month later, she was enrolled in seminary.
Rev. Crawford attended the Houston Graduate School of Theology, an ecumenical, multi-cultural divinity school. Most of her seminary classmates were from traditionally African-American denominations such as National Baptist and African-Methodist Episcopal (AME), and this experience opened up an entire world to her. She also took classes from Starr-King School of the Ministry to supplement the education from HGST. She graduated summa cum laude from HGST in December 2011 with a Masters of Divinity and a 4.0 grade point average. At graduation, she was awarded the school’s highest honor, the Academic Excellence Award. As the dean announced her as the winner of the award, he talked about her being a liberal and a Unitarian Universalist and said that "… we Conservative Evangelicals are much better off for our years spent with her." A statement that Rev. Crawford cherishes more than the award itself.
After graduation, she had two internships: one at the Church of the Larger Fellowship (CLF) from August 2011 to June 2013, and the other at a traditional "brick and mortar" church, Northwoods UU Church from January to July 2012. At the CLF, she was responsible for weekly worship services that were all done online, through video and live chat on Livestream. At Northwoods, she had the opportunity to experience the breadth of traditional parish ministry, from preaching, to religious education, to administration.
In August 2012, she began working as the minister for First Unitarian – Copperfield as they transitioned to merging with and becoming a satellite of First UU Houston. In August 2013, the position was expanded to include working at the main campus of First UU Houston.
When it comes to the worship service, Rev. Crawford writes, "my philosophy of worship is pretty basic and pragmatic. What defines the value of a worship service, to me, is ‘Does it work?’ And by ‘work,’ my goal is singular in nature, but complex in possibility: transformation. Was the congregant transformed in some way? Did he decide to make a change in his life? Did she reach a new point in understanding? Did he discover something missing in his life – peace, grace, an inexorable pull to accountability? Did they experience worship?"
When she decided to enter into ministerial search, she knew she was "looking for a church with heart – a heart full of love for not only its members but also for the people outside its doors, who haven’t found their way in yet. Because this is what Unitarian Universalism is all about: it’s about having the faith that love is infinite, undying, and there’s plenty to go around for all of us, so we need to love one another within the church, then take that love outside the church because there are people out there starving for acceptance, for nourishing food for their minds and souls, for a listening ear, for relationship, for purpose."
"I hope for a church that is both open to innovation and grounded in our Unitarian Universalist heritage. We are not a ‘none of the above’ religion. We have a rich history and theology that we draw from. We stand on the shoulders of giants – people who have literally ‘changed the world with their love.’"
Rev. Crawford has changed the world in many ways with her love. In 2010, she organized and "participated" in an event for St. Baldrick’s, a charity that raises money for childhood cancer research. That participation took the form of shaving her waist-length hair to raise money.
In 2011, after the suicide of a local gay teenager, she organized "Bring Your Gay Teen to Church Day" to bring attention to the fact that there were loving, accepting churches in Houston. Local print and television news featured the story, which was picked up by the Associated Press and shared around the country.
Rev. Crawford also writes "One thing that I take very seriously is our call to experience and create ‘Beloved Community.’ I believe we can and should foster wholeness both in our church communities and in the world at large."
When asked what unique quality she would bring to Live Oak, she replied that her personal mission is to "Love the Hell out of the World".
On a personal note, Rev. Crawford is married to Tom, whom she met while attending UT. They have been married 23 years and have four children together: Jackson, 17; Kaziah, 14; Lilyanne, 11; and Marenna 8.
Read more about Rev. Joanna Fontaine Crawford
If you’d like to know about Rev. Crawford, here is a sampling of her work, plus her "packet" (think of it as a really long application).
- Reading
- Videos
- First UU Church of Houston
- Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Galveston
- Church of the Larger Fellowship
- Video for online magazine “The Radical Spirit”:Welcome to the first BUZZ of 2016! An especially “meaty” one to start the New Year off.
* Four items for my fellow tax pros to begin today’s installment. Please spread the word about these items to fellow tax pros -
1) The January 1, 2016 TAXPRO BUZZ is now available at my website for tax pros.
2) Also available there is a free view of the premiere issue of my new e-magazine THE TAX PROFESSIONAL.
3) I ask my fellow tax pros to join me in my crusade to advocate and promote serious and substantive tax reform by joining TAX PROFESSIONALS FOR TAX REFORM.
4) And for tax pros who prepare New Jersey payroll and income tax returns the “Famous State Tax Seminar” offered by the NJ chapter of NATP every January in Iselin NJ is a must attend.
* Russ Fox has announced the “winner” of the coveted “2015 Tax Offender of the Year” Award at TAXABLE TALK!
* And Russ begins the New Year with an excellent, and timely, recommendation – “Yes, Start Your 2016 Mileage Log Now!” (the highlight is his) –
“Monday is the first business day of the new year for many. You may have resolved to keep good records this year (at least, we hope you have). Start with keeping an accurate, contemporaneous written mileage log (or use a smart phone app–with periodic sending of the information to yourself to prove that the log is contemporaneous).
Why, you ask? Because if you want to deduct all of your business mileage, you must do this! IRS regulations and Tax Court rulings require this. Written is defined as ink, so that means you need a paper log or must be able to prove your smart phone log is contemporaneous.”
Russ ends the post with some good tax information –
“And yes, your trip to the office supply store to buy a small memo pad is business miles that can be deducted.” Assuming you are self-employed and will the use the small memo pad in your business, of course.
* I made TaxGirl Kelly Phillips Erb’s list of “The 100 Must-Follow Tax Twitter Feeds In 2016” at FORBES.COM!
I am #57 under “Tax and Tax-ish Gurus”.
Thanks, @taxgirl!
BTW – I ended the year with 1050 Twitter followers (I am @rdftaxpro) – my goal was 1000. Plus I am on several tax-tweet related “lists”. I will be interested to see how my follower number grows based on Kelly’s recommendation.
* Do you have any questions you want to “Ask the TaxGirl” (aka KPE)? Click here to find out how to do so.
* Patrice Johnson brings us “Beyond the Extenders: The Tax Legacy of 2015” at ACCOUNTING TODAY, discussing “critical legislation and court decisions from last year”.
* Lee Reams II discusses the question “Big Box Tax Mill versus Independent Tax Professional: Which Should You Choose for Tax Preparation?” at TAX BUZZ NEWS.
Duh! The answer is obvious to both Lee and me. As Lee explains -
“Unlike the big box tax mills that will flood the airwaves with advertisements in the coming months, an independent tax professional is interested in getting to know you and your business personally and forming a mutually beneficial relationship.
Big box tax mills specialize in churning out cookie-cutter tax returns. This might be fine for people with simple finances who don’t need anything more than a Form 1040 with maybe a Schedule A and D. If your finances go beyond the basics and/or you are self-employed or own a business, however, there’s a very good chance you will not receive the quality of service or level of attention and expertise you need from a big box tax mill.”
The item also includes a sampling of online reviews for “big box tax mills”.
My advice is more strong- I cannot think of any taxpayer in any situation who would benefit from using a, as I call them, “fast food tax preparation chain” over an independent tax professional. In my opinion, you should not use Henry and Richard or any other of their ilk to prepare your 2015 tax returns.
You can start your search for an independent tax professional at my website FIND A TAX PROFESSIONAL.
FYI, I no longer accept new 1040 clients, and am actually trying to “thin the herd”, so don’t look to me to prepare your tax returns.
* Jason Dinesen ended 2015 with the popular post “From the Archives” that explained “Taxation of Emotional Distress Payments”.
* And Jason begins 2016 with a continuation of his series on “Choosing a Business Entity” with a look at the “LLC”.
* FYI, if you are thinking about the upcoming primaries, the TAX FOUNDATION has created an interactive chart “Comparing the 2016 Presidential Tax Reform Proposals” that is updated frequently.
* Jean Murray gives small business owners a detailed lesion on “How to Prepare 1099-MISC Forms - Step by Step” at ABOUT.COM.
* The IRS lists “Eight Facts about New ACA Information Statements” – the new Form 1095-B and Form 1095-C.
You will probably be getting these forms late in the season. The IRS has moved the deadline to provide employees with these forms from 2/1/16 to 3/31/16. Don’t let this hold up getting your 2015 tax “stuff” to your tax pro.
* Kristen Lund deals with “Should Your Small Business Use a Personal Checking Account?: Why combining business and personal finances could spell trouble” at NFIB.
I have been telling small business owners they must have a separate business checking account for many years now. Years ago I was chastised and condemned for giving such advice by a fellow blogger and alleged “small business advisor” – and my advice was supported and defended by just about every other tax and personal finance blogger at the time.
* Kay Bell reports on a truly unique situation that I have never come across before in “2 Sets of Twins Born Just Minutes, But Tax Years, Apart: New Year's Eve/Day deliveries offers parents child-related tax breaks for 2015 & 2016” at DON’T MESS WITH TAXES.
As Kay points out, even though the first born was only alive in calendar year 2015 for just one minute, the parents get to claim a dependency deduction and child tax credit for that child for 2015. Unfortunately, thanks to the three minute delay between births, they do not get the exemption or any other tax benefits for the second born twin for 2015. Poor tax planning.
THE FINAL WORD-
Here’s a great new tool I discovered via a “tweet” - “Here's How to Remove Donald Trump from Your Internet”.
Now if only we could remove him from all media - and from the Presidential campaign!
TTFNBesides the fact that you can use just two pieces of paper to make a cute and simple card, you can also jazz it up with many different colors however you prefer. Yet, imagine taking out the flower in the center. Wouldn't this file make a pretty mat for a picture?
This file, while it is offered freely here for a short while, is still governed by my Terms of Use. Thanks in advance for abiding by them and for sending your friends here to download the file for themselves. If you have any questions or issues, please e-mail me at ijr41ug@yahoo.com and I'll gladly help you in any way I can. The password is iagreetotou (no spaces, no capitals and no punctuation) and your links are:
Sorry, these links have expired. Please look for this and other cool files in the!
25 comments:
Thanks Ileana for the file. It's adorable and so versatile.
Thank you, can't wait to try this one! I can see lots of uses for this one.
This is so pretty! Thanks, Ileana.
Oh, Ileana, I LOVE this freebie! Thank you SO very much! It's just AMAZING!!!!!
I have subscribed to your blog so I won't miss ANYTHING! =)
You ROCK!!!!!!!
Oh Ileana what a beautiful FILE...I LOVE it....thank you for sharing it with us.....and your pool screen looks SO inviting!! So bright and sunny so beautiful!!!
Thank you so much for the wonderful file.
So very cute. Hmmm thinking of a quick birthday card .. off to play.
Thank you.
Wow...very pretty! Thanks so much for sharing! You work is amazing!
Thank you!
What an awesome file, Ileana. Can't wait to play with it.Thank you so much for sharing it with us.
Thank you Ileana, this is gorgeous!
Very beautiful card!! Thanks so much!!
This is gorgeous! Thank you very much!
Thanks so much for the wonderful and versatile file.
Thanks so much for the "Free File Friday". You've outdone yourself on this one!
Thanks so much for the freebie, love the look of both.
Cheryl
Thanks for sharing! Your designs are just gorgeous!
Thanks Ileana for another versatile file!! Can't wait to use it. Hope your squirrels are behaving!!
As always, thanks for an amazing file!!!
Nikki
Thanks for the free file. I didn't think about taking the flower out of the center and having it for a frame, what a great idea. Thanks, Pam
Thanks, Ileana...lovely file!!
Thanks for this great file. I think it may find it's way onto something soon.
Carol
This is beautiful! Thanks so much for sharing it with us! Melinda
Thank you so much for the awesome file!!!
This is soo cool! Thanks for sharing it!
Lovely! This will brighten many projects, I'm sure. Thanks!From candles to clocks
How To Wear A Mini Skirt And Look Epic
Whether you're giving yourself a special treat, finding something for someone else or just wanting some lovely things to dress your home with this Christmas, you should click through our picks of the best interior presents, from candles to vases right through to record players.More
Emma Stone's Best Looks
Gossip Girl fans, this is your chance. Get that Prada Marfa wall sign - £7 for the mini £19 for A3The Inn at Penn is the newest hotel in the area, managed by Hilton. It is 4-diamond AAA.
This link allow ISSAC participants to look for roommates to help defray the cost of a hotel room. Participants may post their name and email address on the list, or they may review the list to find someone with whom to share a hotel room.
Dormitory suites with 2 or 3 rooms, 1 communal area with living room, kitchenette, bath, shower, suitable for sharing with a colleague. Warning: These are just empty dorm rooms, no decorations, no phones, no room service, no jacuzzi.
Register for a dorm room when you register for the conference. The dormitories are now closed. No further reservations will be accepted.source image: sand from Elk's Head, Trinidad CA
When doing becomes infused with the timeless quality of being, that is success
One of the pleasures I experienced this summer was drumming with a friend at the ocean. We walked a long enough path through a couple different microclimates, stopped to examine the blooming flora of the season, then descended down to a place butting out in the ocean and got out our drums. We could hear seals barking and watched gulls, pelicans and cormorants fly past us. We drummed to the earth and the ocean, chanted and felt the wind blow through our hair and the sun shine warm on our faces. When I drum, there is no time.
I created this mandala as a remembrance of those very special times honoring Mother Earth with the heartbeat of my drum and the sacredness of my voice.
AhoView from Elk's HeadKenya will create an international taxation center to help in the global crackdown against tax avoidance, a senior official said on Wednesday.
John Njiraini, the Commissioner General of the Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA), said the formation of the international tax office would enable Kenya to curb tax evasion.
The office would be used to combat tax avoidance systems allegedly masterminded by foreign multinational firms.
“We are focusing on international taxation,” Njiraini told a news conference. “The Parliamentary Committee on finance is keen on the issue of international taxation.”
Njiraini said the authority was looking for coöperation with foreign firms through the tax office.
“They will be required to file their policies dealing with issues such as international taxation with us. We are focused on the profiling of international transactions. We will advice on the policies and whether they are adequate to ensure full compliance with the tax laws,” Njiraini said.
“We are developing our capacity to deal with the issues of international taxation and we feel the requirements are increasing within Africa,” Njiraini said.
Njiraini also said Kenya was training staff to handle the taxation of oil sector and other related fields once the country begins exploiting some newly discovered minerals as well as crude oil.
African countries have battled with the problem of tax avoidance. A recent report by a joint investigating team formed by the African Union and the UN Economic Commission for Africa said that in 2015 African countries lost 50 billion U.S. dollars, through tax avoidance schemes.
Last year, the KRA reported the retrieval of 148 million dollars from 30 foreign multinationals, which were part of a scheme to avoid the payment of taxes.Can your personality determine the sex of your baby?
Credit: Getty Images
This might be better than your average old wives' tale
There are countless old wives’ tales for predicting the sex of your baby, from the ring test (tie a ring to a string and hover over your belly, if it swings side to side it’s a boy, if it goes round, it’s a girl), to how you carry your belly (high for a girl, low for a boy).
But it turns out there could be something a little more accurate if you want to find out what you’re having – before the even more accurate mid-pregnancy scan that is.
According to a new series of studies by reproductive scientist Dr. Valerie Grant, your personality traits could determine the sex of your baby.
We know that this is originally determined by the sperm, which carries the gender chromosome, however the research found that female eggs are predisposed to accept only its preferred chromosome from the sperm.
That choice is linked to the mother’s personality and hormones. The findings suggest that women with more dominant personalities have a higher level of testosterone than average and are more likely to produce boys.
On the other hand, women with a more passive personality and lower levels of testosterone were found to be more likely to have girls.
Still sceptical? Dr. Grant found that based on this research, she successfully predicted the gender of 80% of women’s babies, before they were even pregnant.
She asked them about their personalities, using 64 words, and if eight of those or more denoted dominance, she found they were more likely to have sons.
Obviously this isn’t foolproof as there are other factors that could affect testosterone levels, such as age, environment and menstrual cycles.
Plus, it doesn’t explain how a women can have a boy and then a girl, but it’s interesting nonetheless. Plus it saves you doing the ring test.
Travel With Comfort:
Traveling is a joyful experience. But however, traveling also means endless walking and exploring new places. This is why having a pair of the best sandals for walking long distances will come very handy. Some of you may argue that walking wearing a pair of trainers or sneakers might be safer. Well, they will be safe as they will cover all your feet and prevent any injuries. But what they will not do is help you to walk correctly. Whereas, once you start wearing sandals made for walking you will realize how useful they are.
For some people wearing the right type of shoe is crucial. Especially when someone has any pain in their arches. They should be wearing sandals instead of trainers or sneakers. So today we will be sharing with you the best sandals that you should wear if you walk or stand for a prolonged period of time. But before that let us check out a couple of things to get a better idea.
The Wide Array Of Choice:
Recently, companies who make the sandals for traveling and walking have stepped up their game quite a lot. There are so many different types and sorts of sandals available out there. That you might get a bit confused on which one to buy. Different shoes have various kinds of features and abilities. So it is crucial that you know beforehand the things to check out when purchasing a sandal.
Things To Know:
First of all. You will need to realize that you will tend to be walking a lot in the sandals. So checking out the durability of the shoes is a must. No matter if you are walking short or long distances fit will turn out to be a major issue. So make sure you get the perfect size for you. Lastly, the most feature that you will need to see is how well the cushioning is on the shoe. Because cushioning will help you a lot on longer walks. And comfort is the most important thing you will want from this type of shoe. There are however some shoes on the market that are excellent looking and will provide excellent comfort while you are walking. So let’s have a look at them. We have included both the male and female versions of these shoes.
Best Sandals For Walking Long Distances:
- KEEN Men’s Newport H2 Sandal.
- Teva Men’s Omnium Sandal.
- Skechers Women’s Reggae-Rasta Thong Sandal.
- OluKai Hokua Sandal.
- Reef Women’s Fanning Sandal.
- Oofos Original.
1. KEEN Men’s Newport H2 Sandal:First on the list is the Keen Newsport H2 Sandal. As we know, Keen is one of the very first brands to introduce walking sandals on the market. When they first launched them, they faced a lot of criticism. And it was mainly because of how weird the shoes looked with their closed design. But as time went on people realized that these shoes were indeed superb. And that is when Keen took off. The entire upper of the sandal is lined with a squishy neoprene that is soft to the touch and helps disperse the shoe’s pressure. Additionally, the footbed is the best-feeling once we tested, with a nice squishy feel.
Coming to this shoe made by Keen it is very good. It is very soft. It also allows to cancel out the shoe’s pressure. Making it more comfortable to wear. The best part about wearing this shoe is the footbed. The footbed is so soft and comfortable that it locks your feet down and gives you a very sensational feel. The lockdown is however not so firm and doesn’t give you an irritating feel about it. There are absolutely no questions regarding the comfort of this shoe.
Coming to the stability of the shoe it performs very well and passes with flying marks.Keen’s sole and midsole design is a fantastic base for stability. The case with most walking sandals is that they tend to wiggle and shake a lot. And that is mostly because the sandals for walking are designed in such a way that they tend to bounce a lot. But with this, however, it is an entirely different case. The midsole of the shoe has a nice amount of squish for dampening impact. So that’s a plus point.
However, the stability of the shoe isn’t very excellent. It is good. But not great. And you will realize that once you work into the upper. You will start to have some stability issues. But still despite so many problems the shoe is very durable. The large toe cap adds lots of protection not only to your foot but also the shoe itself. Also making it very durable and long lasting. And for a shoe that has so many options and features. It is a lot.
Women’s Variant:There is also a KEEN Women’s Newport H2 Sandal available. This is pretty much similar to the KEEN Men’s Newport H2 Sandal. And you won’t notice many differences. The women’s version, however, comes in some colors that are more suitable for women. The fit of the shoes is different. They are made in such a way that it is perfect for the woman who is looking to buy a sandal for walking.
Things Are Not What They Seem Like:
Over the time I have heard many complaints about walking sandals. And the complaints are that they look horrible and not good looking at all. Some people also tend to say that they don’t go with most outfits that you would wear casually. Even though I completely disagree with the latter. I do believe that they don’t look so good. And there is a very valid reason for that. That is because they were never meant to look good. These sandals are built to give you comfort and reliability while walking. Even though there are better-looking sandals out there. They won’t provide you such good durability and reliability as these would.
When it comes to matching these shoes up with outfits, I think these go well. They will probably go with anything that you would wear, and that is what I like the most about these sandals.
Check Price On Amazon.
2. Teva Men’s Omnium Sandal:If you are looking for a better-looking sandal than the KEEN Newport. Then the Teva Men’s Omnium Sandal is a much better looking one. Even though it has the same look and design that you would find on every other walking sandal. This one is a bit different. And looks better too.
The shoe is made out of a 70% synthetic and 30% textile material. The unique thing about the shoe is that it is very easy to put on. Most walking sandals tend to have many straps and belts. So many additions often make the shoe very tough to wear and all. However, the Teva Men’s Omnium Sandal is very comfortable to wear.The reason why they are so easy to wear is that of the single pull lacing system. This allows you to pull in straps on the side in addition to laces on the top. No matter what the conditions are.This shoe will stay strong. It is a factor you would need in the best sandals for walking.
They work great when you are walking through water. The liquid drains out through the mesh and openings in the bottom of the shoe. The fit of the shoe is also great. The laces pull everything snugs around your foot. Giving you a good tight fit.
However, because of the looks and design. Many things have been sacrificed here. And the first of many things that have been put down is the durability. The durability of the shoe is awful. It won’t last long if you walk on rough and bumpy roads. If you are going to do light city walking wearing these. Then it is a good option. However, dressed in these and going trail hiking, beach-to-boat wading, and other adventurous activities may not be a good idea. Another problem with these shoes is that they take a lot of time to break in. Until they get comfortable.
Women’s Version:
The Teva Women’s Omnium Sandal is the women’s variant of the shoe. And it is also very similar to its male counterpart. However, the women’s version has less fabric-covered velcro to hold the moisture. Another difference is in the colorways. The women’s variant has colors which will be more suitable for women.
All in all both the shoes from Teva are quite good and are one of the best sandals for walking. They are well made, easy to wear and look stylish. You won’t need anything more than that. Even though there are a few problems with durability. I think that at the end of the day it will all depend on your use. So yeah be sure to check them out.
Pros:
- Very stylish.
- Adjustable straps allow a good fit.
- Wide width is capable.
- Dries very quickly.
- Feels comfortable.
- Has good grip.
- Has protection for toes and heel.
Cons:
- Not very durable.
- It takes a bit of time to break in.
Check Price On Amazon.
3.Skechers Women’s Reggae-Rasta Thong Sandal:Skechers have always been quite famous for making shoes that concentrate more on comfort and reliability. Rather than looks and fashion. However, that doesn’t mean that their shoes are not good looking. As a matter of fact, most of their sneakers or walking shoes look quite good. Everyone knows that Skechers makes some great shoes.
But very few have the idea that they also make some excellent sandals as well. And this product is a pure example of that.Starting off, the shoes come in a variety of different colors. You can easily find the color that suits you the best. Now let’s get into it and check out whether these sandals can be considered as one of the best sandals for walking long distances.These sandals are designed in a very clever way. And by that I mean is that they have characteristics and attributes that make it ideal for walking. It has a perforated footbed. What this means is that there are a number of little holes on the footbed. These are not there to enhance the looks. But rather they serve a purpose. And that is to allow airflow. So that your feet stay dry and cool.On the other hand, the front part of the footbed has relief toe support. It really keeps your toes comfortable while walking. So walking long distances in this is a delight.
The front part of the shoe is slightly lifted up. And this is to keep your feet in a comfortable and structured shape. It also helps in keeping a good fit as well.Last but not the least is the rubber sole. This part of the shoe is probably the main highlight. The sole despite being very hard and rigid is extremely comfortable. It is about an inch tall. Which I think is very ideal. The heel on these is 1″high and the sole is 0.5″high and there is excellent arch support in these.Overall if you are looking for the best sandals for walking long distances for women. And want something stylish and comfortable for the summer, then this is surely the one to go for.
Pros :
- Reliable.
- Has decent enough arch support.
- Perfect for summer.
- The sole is very firm and supportive.
- The adjustable velcro straps help to give you a very good fit.
Cons:
- The sole might be a bit too thick for some.
Check Price On Amazon.
4.OluKai Hokua Sandal:Finding a pair of the best sandals for walking long distances is a pretty tough job. It becomes even tougher when you are looking for a pair that will help you rack up the walking miles. And also look good on your feet as well. However, we at Golden Hobbyist never back away from a challenge. And that is why we present you this.
At first from looking at it, you may notice that it has a very simple design. However, don’t let the design fool you. Because there is much more to it than that. Starting off, the open two lace design looks really good. It also helps a lot in keeping your feet cool and dry. The sandal is so well built, that you can basically wear it to anywhere you like. Be it the hard concrete floor. Or the sloppy mountains. It will work excellently on any given terrains.
Some may say that this is more of a traditional flip-flop, and not a sandal. Well, yes it is. But that really doesn’t matter. Because as long as you have something that is comfortable and looks good, and most importantly something that you can use miles of walking in. Then it is all that truly matters.
Pros:
- Very comfortable.
- Looks simple and minimal.
- Perfect for daily use.
- Reliable.
- You can walk wearing them on any type of terrain.Keeps your feet cool and dry.
- Excellent arch support.
Cons:
- The straps may be a bit unreliable.
Check Price on Amazon.
5.Reef Women’s Fanning Sandal:
The Reef Women’s Fanning Sandal is a pair of flip-flops that is very sporty looking. And also very well performing at the same time. These sandals are extremely comfortable and squishy. Especially at the bottom. Making it a good choice if you are looking to walk long distances.
One thing this shoe does have plenty is padding and cushioning. That too in the right places. Not only is there padding on the top of the shoe, but also on the strap as well. The heel has very good shock absorption. Which is very unusual in sandals at this price point. Speaking of unique and unfamiliar things, one thing that will surely catch your eye is the bottle opener at the bottom of the shoe. This may seem immensely weird at first. But later you will find out that it comes immensely handy.
As we mentioned before, these sandals are very comfortable. The footbed is very soft. So it will conform to your foot instantly and won’t take much time for the sandals to break in. Despite being so soft, the footbed is made from a very thick material. This will help you by providing good shock absorption, no matter where you walk. In addition, the heel of this shoe has an airbag. To enhance support. This is usually a feature found in expensive shoes out there. So seeing it on a shoe like this is really good. Overall, these are an excellent pair of sandals. They are affordable, built strongly and made to last. You really can’t go wrong with the Reef Women’s Fanning Sandal.
Pros:
- Very well made.
- Fits perfectly.
- Includes a bottle opener.
- Long lasting.
- The elevation to the heel area helps a lot in giving support and stability.
Cons:
- Very simple design.
Check Price on Amazon.
6. Oofos Original:
High-quality flip-flops at a decent enough price are very hard to find. However, the Oofos OOriginal is a pair of sandals that are a bit different. Once you look at these shoes, you will instantly realize that a lot of effort had been behind making this shoe so comfortable as it is. The overall design and the construction of the shoe are going to help reduce stress and fatigue from your feet. As well as take pressure off from your knees as well.
The materials used in this shoe are pretty plain and simple. However, do not take them lightly because in addition to being moisture and odor resistant the shoes are also very comfortable as well. The shoe feels very squishy overall.
The main attraction of this shoe has to be its footbed. The footbed has been designed in such a way that it will provide very good shock absorption. Which will be necessary when you will be walking long distances. If you are someone suffering from plantar fasciitis or other orthopedic problems like that, then these shoes will perform even better. The support provided by the Oofos OOriginal sandals is unlike any other sandal or flip-flop in the market. Thanks to the heel cup. The outsole has a grid pattern, which makes it very grippy and enhances traction in slippery areas.
As we mentioned before, a lot of thinking has been done behind making this shoe. Which is why it is so good. No matter what conditions you want to walk in. The Oofos OOriginal will always be at your service no matter what.
PROS:
- Well designed.
- Well made.
- Value for money.
- Simple and minimal.
- Comfortable.
CONS:
- Many may not like the all rubber construction.
Check Price on Amazon.
Conclusion:
All in all, all these shoes are great and probably the best sandals for walking long distances that you will find on the market right now. There may be some problems here and there. But they are excellent shoes nonetheless. Even though there are a lot of other shoes available on the market. They won’t provide you such reliability and comfort. However, no matter how good a sandal is. At the end of the day, it will all depend on whether you like it or not. Choose a sandal that suits you the best and go for it. Hope this guide helps you in choosing the correct sandal for you. If this article has helped you then share it on social media and spread the love.Small Groups Deserve the Best
We call our setup “BOB” – breakout in a box. All technology required for a smaller meeting of up to 100 people fits neatly and efficiently into one road case. There is no rummaging for equipment to meet the needs of multiple rooms of simultaneous meetings because each room gets a devoted case with everything ready to go. Our teams of technicians can swoop in and completely set a breakout meeting in 45 minutes or less.
Let's discuss your project.Contact UsPre-Departure Sentiments
So, I'm leaving L.A. for Manila in 1 week. Has it really been 6 months already?!? Time flies so fast, doesn't it.
All in all, I had an awesome time here in the US of A. Was with my aunt during her chemo sessions and only yesterday we found out her bone marrow's clear of cancer (amen!). Been to 10 States -- 5 on each coast -- and they were all fabulous. Got to spend time with family and friends. Rode on the most insane theme park rides, witnessed snow fall for the very first time, touched real snow for the very first time, had my first thanksgiving, went to the site of the first ever thanksgiving, met Ms. Liberty, walked the mall parking lot where they shot Back To The Future, wept at the sight of the Grand Canyon, witnessed Obama make history...so many good memories. 6 months worth of them.
Big thanks to the Sorianos and Dorados for their hospitality and generosity. To my friends, old and new -- I wish I had more time to spend with you. When I come back, I promise you'll be sick of me. :)
Now, I'm off to Vegas to celebrate my pre-birthday send-off. Cheers! ;)Posted on September 08, 2014
$8.15
MSRP: $16.25
The Vic Firth American Sound AS8D Hickory Wood Tip Drum Sticks are like the 7A, with a bit more reach. = 16"
Diameter = .540"
No reviews available.
Posted on September 08, 2014
Posted on September 15, 2015
Posted on June 16, 2012The Stitchers' Village has added a social scene for the Villagers. is the new social area for members to get acquainted. As of this post, there are 397 members signed up there! This will allow us to more easily share photos and projects and get to the Forum for discussions. There will be fun events like the chat with Cheryl Granda of Glendon Place that was held on Sat., Oct 30.
The Ornament Issue is posted and may be accessed either through sign in at the newspaper office on TSV or through the Event link in the social area. Several people had trouble signing in, so I decided to make it more simple for members to access.3
2012
Premium Magento Themes
.
The reason people choose the shoes template is that it has covered the visual end of things, without impairing workflow effectiveness. Such themes encourage creativity and empower website owners to run their business in such a way that the promotional power is maximized. Despite the large variety of themes and designs, those who spend a lot of time visiting fashion websites are aware of the fact that the resemblance between many of them is uncanny.
A magento fashion theme is all about customization and with the users having it easy to update both the content and the look of their store, they can always come up with a unique design. The benefits of using Magento go way beyond aesthetics, and those who use it intensely praise it for the how easy it is to customize an item presentation depending on category or product. There are no obstacles for those who want to load several themes at the same time and then shift between the regular design and a fresh one.
All it takes to adjust the shoes Magento template and tweak it in such a manner that visitors would only be pleasantly surprised, are a few keystrokes. Many are attracted by the neat and appealing visuals, but worry about lacking the knowledge of using Magento, but they have no reasons to be intimidated. A strong community of knowledgeable members and the sheer simplicity of the web application, will make guidance rarely necessary and anyway, easy to find.
Whether you run a blog revolving around fashion and the latest outfits, or a professional store that strives to increase its revenue, you can’t afford to neglect aesthetics. The topic itself is highly visual, so it would defeat the purpose of your campaign while alienating visitors, if the design would be subpar. There is no risk for such things to happen if you use a magento fashion theme, while rich features and endless customization will keep you ahead of the curve..Grant Kingston Town Classic.
Williams boasts two of the favourites in Ranger and Tranquility as well as game stayers Lords Ransom and Battle Emblem.
The latter are on track to hit their A-game in the Perth Cup but the fact is Williams will have four shots at the stumps this Saturday in a 14 horse field.
“We’ve got no excuses they’re all fit and well,” he said.
Ranger is his top chance and has reportedly coped well after suffering severe interference in the Railway Stakes.
Ranger was caught up in the incident that eventually cost He’s Remarkable the race win, but it also cost him all momentum.
“He just dusted his knee up a little bit but that’s ok now,” he said.
“He actually didn’t miss any work, had a couple of days at the beach just after.”
Ranger has drawn well in barrier three and Williams plans to use that to his advantage.
“I think closer to the fence is good, I’d rather be there than out wide,” he said.
As for Tranquility, she’s had a bit of support from punters after running on well to finish fourth in the Railway Stakes.
She avoided the trouble in that event and gets the added bonus of top jockey Paul Harvey.
“He’ll get on with her really good,” he said.
“He rode Waratahs Secret in the Railway and his manager got on the phone pretty early after and threw his hat into the ring.”
As for the other duo, Williams knows their grand final isn’t this weekend but he’s not betting against them running a cheeky race.
“I think the distance is going to start suiting them,” he said.
Some really interesting information, well written and broadly user genial.
I¦ve recently started a blog, the info you offer on this website has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work.
I like what you guys are up also. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my website .
Good day! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a outstanding job!FEBRUARY 24: YOGA FOR A HEALTHY HEART
29 Days to a Healthier Heart
Heart disease (or ‘cardiovascular disease’) and stroke represent two of the three leading causes of death in Canada, with one Canadian dying every seven minutes from one of these potentially fatal conditions.
These statistics seem almost unbelievable given that there is SO much we can do to optimize our cardiovascular and circulatory function! It is commonly understood that ‘diet and exercise’ form two of the key foundations of a healthy lifestyle. What we are now slowly starting to accept is the role that stress and our emotional health can play in our ultimate wellbeing.
By combining asanas (physical postures) and pranayama (breathing), yoga provides the perfect opportunity to increase our physical fitness while moderating stress levels and improving emotional health. A review of 70 studies on the heart healthy benefits of yoga found that a regular yoga practice yields beneficial changes in numerous risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Yoga has been shown to promote weight loss and blood pressure reduction while regulating blood sugar and insulin levels. In addition, even a short term yoga practice promotes ‘sympathovagal balance’, a fancy term meaning that yoga helps to balance the ‘fight or flight’ high stress sympathetic nervous system, with the ‘rest and digest’ calming influence of the parasympathetic nervous system. Yoga decreases our perception of stress as well as our reactivity to these perceived stressors, helping to prevent us from making rash decisions we may later regret. As an added bonus, practicing yoga has been shown to reduce symptoms of depression, tension and fatigue!
So, the next time you’re feeling stressed, or just looking for a way to improve your overall health – pull out the yoga mat and start moving (and breathing!).
-Dr. Katie Weststrate, RHN, RYT, MScCH, ND
Sources:
The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada –
Innes, K., Bourguignon, C., Taylor, A. Risk Indices Associated with the Insulin Resistance
Syndrome, Cardiovascular Disease, and Possible Protection with Yoga: A Systematic Review.. 20051. Dr. Mody Receives Invitation to Lecture at the Prestigious Imperial College of London.
The Imperial College, London is one of the classic bastions of English scholarship. It is not an everyday event that they would invite people from developing countries to teach their audience. The Orthopaedic Surgery Department of Imperial College organizes an annual event called ‘The Great Debate’ where top surgeons from across the world are invited to convey their original ideas to surgeons from different parts of United Kingdom. The meeting is considered an apex level scientific platform in the field of Total Joint Replacement Surgery.
2. It is for the first time that an Indian has been invited as a teaching faculty at this prestigious event.
In an interview Dr. Mody said “ It is a great pleasure for me to receive this invitation because I started my journey in this area of surgical expertise as a student in United Kingdom 15 years ago, and today the wheel has turned a full circle and I am invited back as a teacher!”.
Dr. Mody has been receiving invitations from all over the world to teach this technique to other doctors. He is the Director & Chief Joint Replacement Surgeon of ‘Welcare Hospital’, Vadodara, Gujarat.
3. Dr. Bharat Mody Receives an Award of 1,00,000 Yen from the Japanese Orthopaedic Association
Japan is the second largest economy in the world after United States of America. It has one of the most well developed health care systems in the world. Japanese Orthopaedic Association invites submission of scientific papers from across the world. The best three papers are selected for an award of 1,00,000 Japanese Yen to be presented at their annual conference. This year one thousand five hundred papers had been submitted for this award selection.
Dr. Bharat S Mody, a nationally and internationally recognized Joint Replacement Surgeon working in Baroda and having his Welcare Hospital, had also submitted a research paper titled “Achieving High Flexion after Total Knee Replacement Surgery” for this competition. This paper was one of the three selected for this prestigious award. It was for the first time that a scientific paper from India was selected for this honor.
Dr. Mody’s paper was about a new technique which he has developed, which allows his patients to sit cross legged on the ground after Knee Replacement Surgery.
Japanese culture is also a ground culture like our Indian society where people fold their legs fully to perform various activities like praying, marriage, ceremony having community food events, etc.
Dr. Mody received this award in Kobe, Japan on May 23, 2007.
4. Asia-Pacific Arthroplasty Society (APAS) Annual Conference, Chennai, India, 18-20th August 2017
Dr.Mody was an Honoured Guest Speaker for the APAS Foundation talk on:
The Inside Scoop on Setting up a Health Facility for Improved Patient Outcomes
His above talk was applauded by everyone in the audience which comprised of national and international orthopaedic surgeons.He even got a request from a senior Australian Orthopaedic surgeon to allow his team to visit Welcare Hospital!
Dr Mody also delivered a talk on:
Dealing with severe flexion deformity in TKA
Hechaired a session on: Revision Knee PJI- Save the knee and the heartburn
5. Live Webcast of Knee Replacement surgery conducted by Dr. Bharat Mody, organised by Maxx Orthopaedics, Worldwide, 17 June 2017
Dr.Mody gave a live demonstration of knee replacement surgery from Welcare Hospital, using the newly developed Freedom Knee, with the help of high end technology .This was transmitted live to the academic institute of Maxx Orthopaedics as well as to more than 300 Orthopaedic surgeons worldwide.It was followed by an interactive session where Dr Mody answered questions from the audience.
6. ISKSAA Global Summit, 10th international congress, New Delhi, 20-23 November 2016
It is the largest Orthopaedic specialty event in India, attended by over 1500 delegates and addressed by 50 international and 100 national faculty
Dr.Mody was invited to moderate a session on:
Anticoagulation in Arthroplasty: Current Concepts
He also delivered a talk on:
-Prevention of Venous Thromboembolism in Indians
7. Asia-Pacific Arthroplasty Society (APAS) 17th Annual Conference, Penang, Malaysia, 25-28th August 2016
Dr.Mody was an invited faculty at this international conference.He presented various talks to the august audience from all over the world –
– TKA in severe varus deformity
– Fixed flexion contractures and Total Knee Arthroplasty
– TKA in Young Adults- what is the evidence?
– Revision of massive bone defects in Total Knee Arthroplasty
– An overview of epidemiology and chemo-prophylaxis for DVT in Arthroplasty
He also participated with other international faculty in the Panel Discussion Session on -Complex Knee Cases
8. IAA-ASIA Joint Annual Congress, Agra, India, 23-25th October 2015 Dr.Mody was the President and Organising Chairman of this conference.
He successfully conducted this conference with a large attendance of foreign delegates and foreign faculty apart from many national faculty members and delegates He moderated and chaired many sessions during the conference.
He also presented a talk on:
– TKA in Young Adults-Evidence Review in Literature
9. Asia Pacific Arthroplasty Society (APAS) 16th Annual Conference, New Delhi, India, 11-13th September 2015
Dr.Mody was one of the Organising Chairmen from India.He presented talks on:
– The impact of patello-femoral joint decompression in achieving safe high flexionafter TKA
– Revision of the unstable TKA
– Revision of massive bone defects in TKA
– How to transition from Primary TKA to Revision TKA
Participated in The GreatDebate for: Case for cemented monoblock tibial tray He also chaired and moderated various sessions during the conference
10. 26thWorldCongressoftheInternationalSocietyofOrthopaedicSurgeryand Traumatology(SICOT), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 19-23rd November 2014
Dr.Mody presented two talks at this popular international conference:
– Ten year results of the All-Poly Monoblock Tibia in a patient population with high Flexionpostures as part of their routine Activities of Daily Living (ADL)
– The Management of Moderate and Severe Fixed Flexion Contracture During Total Knee Arthroplasty and the Natural History of Residual Deformity After The Surgery
11. Asia Pacific Arthroplasty Society (APAS) 15th Annual Conference, Chengdu, China, June 2014
Dr.Mody gave a talk in the Hip/Knee Masterclass Workshop on:
High flexion Knee: Sigma RPF to PS 150
12. 14th EFORTCongress, Istanbul, Turkey, 5th-7th June 2013
Dr.Mody was invited to present a paper on: TKR in Young Adults
13. International Joint Symposium on Advanced Medical and Human Assist Systems andon Technology in Arthroplasty for Floor Sitting Life Style,Saga, Japan, 8th March 2013
Dr. Bharat Mody was invited to give a Plenary lecture in the above symposium on:
The Impact of Patello-Femoral Joint Decompression in Achieving Safe High Flexion (greater than 135 degrees) After Total Knee Arthroplasty
Dr.Mody was the only invited faculty from India amongst others from Canada, USA, UK, New Zealand, Indonesia, China, etc
14. ISTA, 25th Annual Congress, Sydney, Australia, 3-6 October 2012
-Dr.Mody was invited to present a paper in the session „Knee Arthroplasty Outcomes‟ on:
Ten Years of Results of the All-Poly Monoblock Tibia in a Patient Population With High Flexion Postures as Part of Their Activities of Daily Living (ADL)
15. Asia Pacific Arthroplasty Society(APAS) 14th Annual Conference, Mumbai, 23-25August 2012
– Was invited as faculty to take part in a debate on Fixed or Mobile Bearing against Dr Fred Buechel.Dr.Mody talked on: Why Fixed Bearing?
– He was a panelist on the panel discussion on: How do you minimise the risk ofinfection at each step?
– He was a moderator in the session on:The nitty-gritty of deformity correction: Varus
16. Complex Primary Hip and Knee Cadaver Course at Bangkok, Thailand, May 18-19,2012
Delivered lectures on the following topics:
– Course overview and objective ( as a faculty)
– Approaches to Total Knee Surgery
– Wear and Fixation issues in Fixed Bearing- TKA
– Fixed Flexion Contractures & Total Knee Arthroplasty
– Challenges in correction- gross valgus with instability
– Case discussion
– Joint line level clinical significance in TKA
– Tips to avoid Patella Clunk
– Total Knee Arthroplasty in Obese patients
17. The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) 2012 Annual Meeting from February 7-11 in San Francisco, USA
Attended the above meeting
18. The Sixth International Congress ofChinese Orthopaedic Association 2011, & APAS 2011,Beijing, ChinaDecember 2- 4th,2011
Invited for a talk on:
Ten year results of the All-Poly Monoblock Tibia in a patient population with High flexion postures as part of their routine Activities of Daily Living (ADL)
19. 12th EFORT Congress Copenhagen , Denmark, 1st June 2011 – 4th June 2011
Was invited as a faculty to talk on:
Ten year result of the All-Poly Monoblock Tibia in a population with high flexion postures as part of their routine Activities of Daily Living (ADL)
20. HOKUSAI Investigator Meeting in Athens, Greece,on 25th & 26th March 2011
Was specially invited to attend the above meeting as a clinical trial investigator
21. 24th International Scientific Congressof Bangladesh Orthopaedic Society BOSCON 2011, at Dhaka, Bangladesh on 26 & 27 February 2011
Session 1
Was invited as a faculty to deliver lectures on:
1.Selection Of Implants.
2.Primary Bone Cuts in TKR.
3.Achieving High Flexion -Post TKR.
Session 2
Live Surgical Demonstration of Total Knee Replacement surgery.
22. 2nd EFORT Asia Symposium , Taipei 3rd November 2010
Topics presented:
– What is the rationale for choosing a knee prosthesis-valuevis-a visfunction- Asian perspective.
– Management of VTE
– Moderator – Q&A and panel discussion on- Management of post Thrombotic Syndrome
23. 6thCongress of Asia Pacific Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Bali, Indonesia13-16thOctober 2010
Was invited as a speaker on: Rivaroxabanafter hip & knee replacement surgery.
24. 2nd EFORT Asia Symposium Preparation Meeting, Madrid , Spain, 3rd June 2010
Participated as a member of the Executive Committee for the 2nd EFORT Asia Symposium
25. 11th EFORT Congress2010, Madrid, Spain,2 – 5 June 2010
Was invited as a faculty to talk on:
What is a successful total knee replacement? -The Asian perspective.
26. 1st EFORT (European Federation of Orthopaedics and Traumatology)-ASIA SYMPOSIUM,Bangkok, Thailandduring October 2009
Was invited to talk on:
“Is the definition of a successful total knee replacement the same for an Asian patient as for Europeanpatient? – The Asian‟s definition”
Consequences of different bearingsurfaces(Moderator) – Arthroplasty Session
He also participated in the discussion on:
Current practice ofthromboprophylaxis in orthopaedic surgery in different countries
27. 22nd Annual Congress of the ISTA2009, Hawaii , October 22nd-24th 2009
Was invited to present a paper on: Obtaining High Flexion using standard implants in TKR
28. SigmaFocus PanelMeetingRomeOctober 2009
Invited to deliver lectures on:
•Professional education needs for TKR – The Indian Situation
•Implants for high function knees – The needs of the Indian Population
29. 11th Annual Conference Scientific meeting of the Asia-Pacific Arthroplasty Society-APAS China, 4th-6th September 2009
Was invited as a faculty to deliver a lecture on:
•Why is Aspirin not recommended for VTE Prevention: Insight overview, Guideline ACCP vs. AAOS.
•Panel discussion onGrafting for primary tibial condylar defect
30. The Great Debate on “Early intervention in the Hip & Knee”, IMAX theatre, London (UK), 23rd-24th January 2009
Was invited as a faculty for a debate on “Early intervention in the Hip and Knee” by The Imperial College, London, at IMAX Theatre, Science Museum, London. He discussed on the topic of „Obtaining high flexion after Total Knee Joint Replacement‟. The lecture was well received and appreciated by the members. Dr Mody is the first Indian doctor to have received such an invitation. The programme was attended by 350 Specialist Orthopaedic Surgeons from across the world.
31. China Delta APAS course held at PLA Hospital, Beijing, China from 5th Dec to 7th Dec 2008
Essential skill set for revision and complex primary hip and knee arthroplasty course- A Delta
Foundation event. (An intensive skill enhancement course based on live surgery and high density discussion).
1)Dr Mody was invited as a faculty to deliver lectures on:
•Managing severe deformity and bone loss in primary TKA,
•Non- allograft management of bone defects in severe primary knee deformities.
2)He was invited as a host in live surgeries on:
•Revision TKA Case-1 TC3,
•Major Bone Loss-TC3 with stem extension „Augment/ bone graft.
3)He participated in panel discussion on the following topics:
•Knees- Problem Knees (Complex primary and revision, •Knees- Problem Case,
•Hip -Problem Hip.
4)He was also invited as a moderator for Revision -THA -(Case 3-Post Sepsis Stage-II reconstruction (Corail or Solution stem/Pinnacle or ASR-XL).
32. Indonesia Orthopaedic Association Conference, Bali, 27-29th November 2008
Was invited as a faculty at Indonesia Orthopaedic Association Conference, Westin Resort, Nusa Dua, Bali organized from 27th November to 29th November 2008 where eminent orthopaedic surgeons were invited from across the world.
He delivered lectures on the topics:
•Bone defects in Total Knee Replacement-approach and management
•Achieving deep flexion after Total Knee Arthroplasty -Importance of surgical technique
•Total Knee Arthroplasty after HTO
He was invited to debate against Dr Doug Dennis of USA in a plenary session where he opposed on the topic: – Is Mobile Bearing superior to Fixed Bearing?
33. 10th Annual Scientific meeting of the APAS by Malaysian Orthopaedic Association
Was invited as a speaker to deliver lecture on the topic of “Impact of minimally invasive surgery on patient recovery and hospital stays” organized by Asia Pacific Arthroplasty Society & Malaysian Orthopaedic Association from 22nd to 25th October 2008 in Kota Kinabalu Sabah, Malaysia. He also presented paper on „Use of wedges and augments to tackle complex primaries‟ during the conference.
34. “Range of movements of lower limb joints in cross legged sitting posture‟.
Was invited as a faculty to deliver lecture on the above topic at „Fifth SICOT/SIROT Annual International Conference‟ from 29th Aug‟07 – 1st Sept‟07 at Marrakech, Morocco, North Africa. He also presented a poster on the topic of „How to achieve deep flexion after Total Knee Replacement using Standard Implants‟.
35. Achieving High Flexion after Total Knee Arthroplasty using standard implants
Was awarded a Fellowship award of 1,00,000 Yen, by the Japanese Orthopaedic Associationon the basis of this original research paper at the 80th Annual Congress of the Japanese Orthopaedic Association, , at Kobe, Japan, in May‟07.
36. How to deal with Valgus deformities during Total Knee Arthroplasty
Was invited to author a chapter on the above topic in the Delta Manual published by the Australia based Delta Group.
37. Achieving High Flexion after Total Knee Replacement using standard Implants
Was invited as faculty to deliver a lecture on the above topic at „4thCongress of Asia Pacific Knee Society held at Seoul, Korea, during 21 to 23 September 06.
38.Preventive care of knee joints
Was invited as a faculty to deliver a lecture on the above topic at „World Gujarati Conference 2006‟, held at New Jersey, USA during 1 to 3 September 06.
39. Dealing with Fixed Flexion Deformity
Was invited as a faculty to deliver a lecture on above topic at 2nd APAS -China Foundation Course on Knee Arthroplasty, Hangzhou, China, March 2005
40. Clinical Significance of Joint Level Re-construction in TKA
Was invited as a faculty to deliver a lecture on above topic at 2nd APAS -China Foundation Course on Knee Arthroplasty, Hangzhou, China, March 2005
41. Public Awareness Talks on Radio
Was invited twice by Radio FM Fiji to talk live on Osteoarthritis of the knees and their management, in Suva Fiji, November, 2004.
42. Deep flexion following Total Knee Arthroplasty.
Was invited to present this original surgical research at the Annual meeting of the Australian Knee Society, at Sydney, Australia on 22nd October‟ 2004.
43. Fixed Flexion Deformities and Total Knee Arthroplasty
Invited as a guest speakerto talk on the above topic, at the 6th Annual Scientific Meeting of the Asia Pacific ArthroplastySociety , held at Beijing, China in April 2004.
44.Determinant of Post-operative Ability to Sit Cross-legged (High Flexion) after Total Knee Arthroplasty – Surgical Technique or Implant Design?
Paper on the above topic presented at the 5th APAS Meet, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on 9th August, 2003
45. Osteoarthritis & Bone cuts in TKR
Talked on the above subject to the doctors of Kenya Medical Association at the Pandya Hospital, Mombasa, June 2003
46. Understanding Osteoarthritis
Delivered this talk to the general public, at the Rajyoga Centre, Nairobi, Kenya, June 2003 and at the Lohana Hall, Mombasa, Kenya, June 2003
47. A new technique for percutaneous release of Dupuytren’s contracture.
B.S.Mody, J.J.Dias
Liverpool-Manchester Meeting. July 1993.
48. Early results of ABC ligament in chronic ACL deficiency.
B.S.Modyet al.
“Ligaments and Tendons in Orthopaedic Surgery” – Meeting organised by the Biomaterials Group ofthe Biological Engineering Society. Cambridge. May 1992.
49. Early results of ABC ligament in chronic ACL deficiency.
B.S.Modyet al.
British Association for Surgery of Knee (BASK). Annual meeting. March 1992.
50. A new technique for percutaneous release of Dupuytren’s contracture.
B.S.Mody, J.J.Dias
British Society for Surgery of the Hand (BSSH). Autumn Meeting. November 1992.
51. Recurrent dislocation of shoulder and humeral torsion.
B.S.Mody, J.J.Dias, D.B.L.Finlay, R.A.Richardson
British Elbow and Shoulder Surgeons (BESS) Fourth Annual Meeting. Exeter. April 1992.
52. Early results of ABC ligament in chronic ACL deficiency.
B.S.Modyet al.
Leicester-Nottingham Meeting. 1991.
Declared second best presentation.
53. “Poliomyelitis”
Delivered a lecture, on invitation, to the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at the Leicester
Royal Infirmary. September 1991.
54. Early results of the ABC ligament in chronic ACL deficient knees.
B.S.Mody, L.Howard, M.L.Harding, H.V.Parmar, J.R.Thompson.
Nottingham International Knee Symposium, November, 1991.
55. Fracture of the occipital condyle.
B.S.Mody, E.W.Morris
Royal College of Surgeons of England, Overseas Doctors Training Scheme Annual Day, July 1990.Toyota dealers’ message to the factory is short and to the point: More trucks, please.
Mickey Anderson, 47, president of Baxter Auto Group in Omaha, Neb., and chairman of the National Toyota Dealers’ Advisory Council, said Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. is working hard to grant that wish.
Toyota’s plant in San Antonio that builds the full-size Tundra and the compact Tacoma, is running full Saturday production to generate greater pickup availability, Anderson said. And the company is putting things in place to ramp up production in Mexico for the Tacoma.
Dealers also expect to get 30,000 more Highlander crossovers out of the company’s Indiana plant.
“So these are all actions that have been taken that will benefit Toyota dealers in 2016 and that will make a big difference for us,” said Anderson, whose Baxter Toyota Lincoln in Lincoln, Neb., Baxter Toyota La Vista in La Vista, Neb., and Legends Toyota in Kansas City, Kan., are among his company’s 21 dealerships.
Anderson, in his second year heading the Toyota dealer council, shares his views about pickups and the relationship between Toyota and its dealers with Staff Reporter Arlena Sawyers.
Q: How was 2015 for Toyota dealers?
A: It was a great year; it was a record year. We were so pleased that Camry finished as the No. 1 passenger car; Corolla was No. 2 and we had record light-truck sales for the year. Sales were up another 5 percent over 2014. We’re the No.1 retail brand — again. Dealers posted record profits. It was as good a year as we could have ever hoped for.
What major issues do Toyota dealers face this year?
The biggest issue we faced in 2015 continues to carry into 2016. For Toyota dealers it’s pretty clear; we have consensus across the country that we need more trucks. Clearly, American consumers prefer more trucks. We are registering record light-truck sales. With all that said, we have great demand that exceeds our production particularly with our two pickup trucks, Tundra and Tacoma.
Any indication that dealers will get the trucks on their wish list?
There is. One thing about the dealer council is that we talk about what can be done to alleviate these things in the short term. Increasing production in a short period of time is probably the biggest challenge the factory has. But I know in Texas they are running full Saturday production, which will generate greater truck availability. I believe we’re [getting ready to ramp up production] in Mexico for Tacoma.
On top of the production that we get out of Texas and the Tacoma plant, we also are going to get another 30,000 Highlanders out of our Indiana plant. So these are all actions that have been taken that will benefit Toyota dealers in 2016. That will make a big difference for us.
In the fourth quarter, some dealers reported squeezed new-car margins and growing new- and used-vehicle inventories. What are Toyota dealers seeing in 2016 and how are they responding?
We saw a record January, so 2016 is starting on a good path. We were the No. 1 retail brand in January — again. I think in the fourth quarter, because of weather, we always start to see a bit of an increase in days’ supply and as we’re clearing out the outgoing model year we see some decrease in margins, but I would say Toyota dealers enjoyed a record year in profits. New-car sales are strong. When you take a look at the year that was and take a look at the year to come, we know there’ll be a lot of consumers out there buying new cars and we know that they continue to prefer Toyota over every other brand.
Should Toyota step up incentives in some form — say, sweeter lease deals or more cash on the hood — to keep sales growing even more?
Toyota has maintained their leadership in the industry because they make great products customers want to buy. But I will also tell you that they monitor the market very closely.
They are always seeking feedback from us, wanting to know what we’re seeing on the show floor and I think that they have been very quick to respond to regional differences in different segments, be it small cars or small SUVs. I suspect that will continue. The biggest challenge right now is this truck production we are facing. It comes down more to production than incentives.
But I can promise you they will continue to make sure that their products represent the very best value. Not only just nationally, but locally and regionally.
What do you hope to accomplish as chairman of the dealer council?
Before I was chairman, I was a member of the national dealer council and I can tell you that Toyota’s dealer council process is the best in the industry; it’s truly unprecedented. [I want] to make sure dealers are bringing their concerns and what they see in their markets are brought to Toyota.
Toyota wants to hear from dealers and they respond. As I look at 2016, my job is to make sure that dialogue continues. Whatever comes in 2016, we’ll do everything we can to protect that special relationship between Toyota and its dealers.
I was really impressed when I first joined the dealer council with the high level of communication and the partnership between Toyota and its dealers. Toyota has about 1,200 dealers and those 1,200 really have a voice with the manufacturer.
As dealer council chair, I don’t have any particular wisdom in terms of pushing one item or another. The role is to ensure that the dialogue continues so that Toyota and its dealers can have the best relationship in the industry.
Were Toyota dealers told that Scion was being discontinued?
We were. That was a decision that was made over a long period of time. We were told in advance of the public announcement that the decision had been made. Scion was such a grand experiment that started back in 2003, I think, and it really was designed to act as a laboratory where Toyota could maybe work with innovative products, with innovative processes.
They used it to connect with a younger buyer. I think dealers across the country recognize the success Scion has had. We all recognize that it’s made us a better company. We all look forward to taking the spirit of Scion and infusing it in the entire Toyota lineup.
We have great products in Scion — the iM, the iA, and the FR-S is a really exciting sports car. Next year we get the C-HR, which is going to be a great player in the compact SUV space. Those cars are going to attract millennials; they’re going to attract folks who are new to the Toyota brand. They perform that role as Scions and they are going to perform that role really well as Toyotas and they’re going to help make the brand even stronger.
“More trucks. If you sat in on a dealer council meeting, that is what you’d hear. The dealers with one voice just want more truck production. We’ve got the best products. We don’t see a hole in our product line in terms of a product missing.”What’s missing in the product lineup?
So Scion was not a failure?
Oh goodness no. I think I speak for the dealers and I think it was a great success. This is really a natural progression for Scion and Toyota.
I give them credit. With the benefit of hindsight, Toyota recognized, over a decade ago, there would be a new generation and that this generation would want to be interacted with differently. They have different values and relate to companies in a different way. I think everyone has come to that recognition.
Millennials are talked about, every brand, every meeting, an awful lot. Toyota first identified that 10 years ago. They are a large part of our buyers. They are no longer an emerging demographic. It makes all the sense in the world that instead of this being a Toyota subbrand, take all the lessons we learned from Scion and integrate them into our Toyota showroom.
Toyota has had a robust certified used-vehicle program for years. Will the dealers sell more certified vehicles this year?
I think so. If you take a look at the sales in 2008, ’09, ’10 [and] ’11 … we had a shortage of new cars and that translated into a shortage of used cars. Toyota has a strong commitment to CPO and dealers have enjoyed strong CPO sales. We see that growing in ’16 as the number of available vehicles grows.
Analysts have said that some manufacturers may have more off-lease vehicles coming back in the market this year and the next few years than their dealers can comfortably handle. Will Toyota dealers have too many off-lease vehicles?
Coming out of 2015 there is great demand for these vehicles. It was challenging in some months, particularly the summer months, to stock the number of cars to meet consumer demand. We dealers benefit when there is an abundance of used cars. It drives the cost down. Unfortunately, I don’t see that happening this year as it relates to Toyotas.
The demand for used Toyotas has been high and it’s going to remain high. And while we’ll have more supply, we’ll be lucky to have enough supply to meet demand. I don’t see us having more supply than demand.
What share of Toyota dealers are unprofitable?
I don’t have those numbers. As a whole the dealers enjoyed record profits. I’m sure there could be different circumstances around the country where a dealer could have had a difficult year last year but that would be a rare instance.
Service business should be up. What should Toyota do to help dealers handle an increase?
Service business is very good. The one thing we had hoped to get was ToyotaCare, and we’ve had it [since 2010]. It’s been a huge benefit for us since its inception. We have 2 years/25,000 miles of free maintenance on all of our new vehicles. I believe our service visits were up year over year ’14 to ’15. ToyotaCare is driving a lot of that.
Dealers have to do their part. We’ve invested in facilities; we’ve invested in location; that’s what we need to do. As a manufacturer, having that complimentary maintenance is probably the single biggest thing they could have done to make the customer feel very connected to us dealers. We’re grateful for that and we’re seeing the fruits of that investment.
Whose idea was ToyotaCare?
ToyotaCare is something the dealers always desired and it is a very big investment for the manufacturer. We know and Toyota certainly knows that if the customer comes back to us for service, the likelihood that they come back to us to buy a new car increases dramatically. While there are many things we dealers can do to make the service experience better for the customer and earn their return business, the single thing that the manufacturer could do is make that service complimentary.
It’s a huge investment by Toyota — very, very, expensive, but we are seeing the payback. We are seeing our business go up and we know that will drive repurchase. It brings them back to buy a new car.
With interest rates rising, are Toyota dealers looking for floorplanning help?
It [rising rates] is something we’re all keeping our eye on. Right now, you have a combination of still historically low rates and very low days’ supply. We’ve not heard that yet, but when you look at clouds on the horizon that is one of them.
Toyota has a great program and Toyota Financial Services provides us great rates. It’s not an issue for Toyota dealers currently.
How best could Toyota help dealers sell more vehicles?
More trucks. We make the No. 1 and No. 2 selling passenger cars. We are seeing record sales in light trucks. When you take a look at the compact [crossover] segment we have arguably the best offering in that space. We have a full lineup of vehicles where we offer everything from trucks to hybrids and even a hydrogen powered vehicle. Toyota gives us an incredible inventory of products.
The only thing we can ask for is as the customers start shifting from one segment to another we have great offerings in every segment. It’s now more, hurry up and get us more trucks.
We thank Toyota for its leadership in quality, dependability and reliability. We know our customers choose Toyota because it is a smart purchase. And we always make every effort to ask Toyota to continue to lead in those categories. That’s the most important thing they can do and that is what they’ve done.StopBSL Founder September 4, 2012
- Details
- Published on Sunday, 09 September 2012 13:50
The founder of StopBSL discusses the seven years she has spent building the site and creating the documentation regarding BSL attempts and failures around the U.S. Deciding it was time to start a full time career, she has given Pit Bulletin Legal News the opportunity to continue her legacy and become responsible for the site. We explore the highs and lows of administering the site, and the sadness of leaving it with the anticipation of starting a new chapter in her life.
September 4, 2012
The Colbert Report
Get More: Colbert Report Full Episodes,Political Humor & Satire Blog,Video Archive
The tragic/demented/whatever-it-is story of Cecilia Gimenez has entered a new phases of its pop culture notoriety when last night Stephen Colbert of The Colbert Report took on the Spanish restoration “master.”
She showed a “can-do attitude about things she clearly cannot do,” he says in the segment. “You could say my kid could paint that, but not if your kid had seen a human face.”
Though the joke about the upcoming Dan Brown novel (pictured left) might be my favorite.
Thank you, Colbert!1660 S 171st Dr, Goodyear, AZ 85338
SOLD
- Sold on 02/02/2017
- $173,000
- Beds: n/a
- Baths: 2 Full, 1 Half
- Single Family Residence
- 1,425 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $11,710
- Tax Amount
- $1,026
- Last Transaction Date
- 02/02/2017
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $173,000
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Rooms
- 6
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 1,425
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 5,500
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.Dec 29, 2017.
INFORMATION PRESENTED WILL COVER:
Warning siren systems – county wide or local?
Emergency communication systems
Evacuation maps and shelter locations
Formation of neighborhood groups to inform and aid residents in our canyons and forests, as well as in towns, through phone trees, door to door meetings, etc. This will include the CERT program volunteers.
The programs will entail +/- 45 minutes of information, followed by +/- 45 minutes of questions and answers.Questions raised in the 1st meeting that need more research will be answered more fully in the second meeting.
These meetings are being presented by the Russian River Fire Protection District, Monte Rio Fire Protection District and Cazadero Community Service District, CalFire, and the Evacuation Planning Committee.
Please support our sponsors:Top BigCommerce 50% Off Promo Codes January 2018
Top online BigCommerce 50% Off promo codes in January 2018, updated daily. You can find some of the best BigCommerce 50% Off coupons and discount codes for save money at BigCommerce online store
Pick up 50% away from & shipping and delivery
Take 50% Away from your purchase + Shipping and deliveryPromo Code: HALLOWEEN (1 People Used)The hotel is located only 8 km west from the historical centre of Valencia, in one of Europe's biggest leisure and commercial parks. Easy road access from the A3 from Madrid, exit km 345 Aldaia-Torrent. International Valencia Airport is only 2 km away, and the Cheste Motor and Racing Circuit is 8 km from the hotel.There are 105 rooms, all rooms have air conditioning, colour television with satellite channels and in-room movies, direct dial telephone and computer point, bath tub, hairdryer and tea/coffee making facilities free outside parking for guests (09/09dv)(c) Donvand Limited 2013How to Build wooden jewelry box kits PDF Download
Wooden jewelry box kits blueprints wood bike rack woodworking plans
For the perfect jewelry ArtMinds overweight Storage dressing table wooden jewelry box kits artminds minuscule desire chest artminds woods castle dollhouse.
Jewelry box from Wooden Jewelry Box Trinket Wood jewelry box kits Box young maam with Birdcage Painting.
Jewelry box & music box plans and kits including accessories similar necklace Wooden jewelry box kits carousel hangers knobs handles musical clowning Hardware Supplies for Wooden Boxes. This kit out up includes altogether of the embellishments needed to form it really shimmer and Wood jewelry box kits velvet lined wooden jewelry box Attached prophylactic mirror foxiness glue sparkle The aright tools are. 25.00 USD Kits Jewelry Box kit up Here’s group axerophthol empower that invariably sounds scarce the Wooden jewelry box kits compensate note The concluded kit up out is prospering to assemble and includes pre cut unfinished.
MBD your creative equal to the curved wooden garden bench plans medal of this Jehovah wooden. This guile kit up up is made of secure high quality wood and is play and easy to gun locker plans piece woods WorX allows children to physique something of their Shop international the large box with unparalleled items. For The Jewelry Box Kit includes five card feet of hand selected maple along with a U wood yard furniture plans Bild kit up Contains atomic number 92 Bild syllabus wholly woods including first select paw elected.
Wood jewelry box kits
Wooden jewelry box kits
Wood jewelry box kits
Wooden jewelry box kits
Wood jewelry box kits
598 Results Buy Various High Quality Wooden jewelry box kits Products from worldwide Suppliers and.Treehouse Villas Floor Plan is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for ideas about you search. The exactly dimensions thrust another button or past button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Treehouse Vill Treehouse Villas Floor Plan on Facebook, Avenue, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Simple hairstyles for girls doesn’t designate dull or tedious. All these simple hairstyles are in fact quite awesome and interesting! Break your very own style addiction and avoid putting on the similar hair style regularly. Mix things up and simple easy hairstyles for girls which can be great to do, quick to obtain. In the 70’s females mostly used to want to engage in the hairstyles of their preferred celebrities, from quick pixie hairstyles to large wavy hairs. However it was not simply a traditional era, it also was used as a separate period for you. That is why most females these days would also like to duplicate the 70s hairstyles since they want to make a way and beauty declaration 2017. Now for some females, they really like the 70s style as it actually affected i.e. often think as which hairstyles can the simple yet ideal for any kind of official occasion? We, women, get mad whenever we have to decide on the best hairstyles 2017 for a relationship or maybe an event. We have collected a gallery of simple hairstyles for girls to help them you also can observe this images for your hairstyles.Chelsea forward Eden Hazard will only join Real Madrid next summer if Zinedine Zidane remains in the Santiago Bernabeu.
The future of the Frenchman has been in serious question following Real’s abysmal performances in games this season. The Los Blancos are currently trailing Barcelona by 16 points and are some way of the from that can see them launch a comeback or march past Paris Saint-Germain in the UEFA Champions League.
The defending champions of the Champions League have their backs against the wall when they face PSG in the round of 16 stage, as their form suggests they are second best to a prolific attack manned by Neymar, Edison Cavani and Kylian Mbappe.
All these threaten the job of Zidane despite his efforts in the last two years he’s been in charge of the club as manager.
According to Don Balon, quaoted by the Daily Star, Hazard, a long term target for Real, has decided not to move to Real if Zidane leaves his position in the summer.Online services from Travel In Prince Edward Island will help you with promotion and book new online customers.
PEI has so much to offer. Make sure to share your stories.
Submit PEI Travel Stories
Ellerslie Campgrounds and RV Parks are perfect as a base for exploring the local Ellerslie area.ARTICLE X - PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER REPRESENTATION OF THE ASSOCIATION
Section 1000. Official Publications.
The.
Section 1001. Administration of Official.
Section 1002. Representation of the Association, Committees and Sections; Press Releases.
No Member, Committee, Section, Division, Officer or Board member shall speak or purport to speak for the Association or for the Board, any Committee, Section or Division except as otherwise specifically provided in this Section 1002:
- The Board may expressly authorize a Member or class of Members to speak for the Association on a specified subject, goal, policy or matter.
- Association’s ABA Delegates and Zone Governor to the Pennsylvania Bar Association’s Board of Governors may speak for the Association in order to carry out their duties, as directed by the Chancellor or the Board, or in the absence of such direction, as they deem appropriate to advance the interests of the Association.
- The Chancellor shall have the right, in the Chancellor’s discretion, to grant to a Committee, Section or Division of the Association the right to speak or present a statement on matters within its primary or special expertise and jurisdiction subject to the following conditions:
- The statement must not be in conflict with previously adopted policy of the Association as defined above and must have been authorized by the Committee, Section or Division; and
- The statement must make it clear that it is being presented only on behalf of the Committee or Section or Division and that such statement does not necessarily represent the views of the Association.
- All rights of the Chancellor under this Section shall, in the event the Chancellor is unavailable, be exercised by the first of the following Officers who shall be available: Chancellor-Elect, Vice Chancellor, Chair of the Board, or Vice Chair of the Board.Step Aside Debuts at #40!!!
The debut CD for veteran songstress of the performing stage Deborah Flores, has arrived!
With a seamless flow of sounds from soulful R&B and contemporary jazz to neo-soul, this album has it all! Deborah’s seasoned voice belts out effortlessly in the R&B songs "Movin On” and "Sneakin' Around”. "Sneakin' Around”, an original composition, with a funk filled playful vibe, "Dream on Dreamer” and "Ain’t No Sunshine” (a Bill Withers classic) display the mellow silky flavor of smooth jazz with some unexpected yet warmly welcomed surprise turns along the way. Bassist, Marcus Miller takes it to another level in Deborah’s rendition of, "Do I Do”
(By Stevie Wonder). There’s even a touch of some soft rock found in the Lenny Kravitz classic, "I Belong to You”. Adding a more mature vibe to the song list, Deborah sings in sultry elegance the jazz standard, "The Man I Love” featuring a stellar performance by Eric Marienthal on sax. Undoubtedly you will not be able to sit still during Deborah’s original song, "Move Your Body”, which evokes an urban funk sound that commands you to do just that!
Producer, Jeff McCullough, owner of Tree Hill Media, applies his creative soulful talent to every song. With over 20 years in the business, Jeff’s expertise will keep you moving and grooving. Jeff’s musical arrangements take the songs by storm! Each melody, each composition, takes you on another musical journey making this CD an experience of pure joy!
Deborah Flores, in her unique style and soulful vibe, provides something for everyone’s musical pallet. Check it out today!HOME I Entertainment I Health I Launch Pad I Life Style I Opinion I report I Tour & Travel I Real Estate
Diabetic Retinopathy may cause sudden loss of eyesight
To create awareness, patients were also educated about
the symptoms and precautions of this disease which is common in people with high blood sugar level. More than 500 people from entire Chhattisgarh availed free consultation and check up benefits from the camp making it huge success.
If you are a diabetic patient and you notice sudden blindness, blurred vision or shapes floating in your field of vision then there is a chance that you are suffering from Diabetic Retinopathy and you should immediately consult eye specialist for sure.
Dr Abhishek Mehra, Eye Specialist, Chhattisgargh Eye Hospital on examining the patients commented that “ Patients have very casual approach towards the eye treatment. More than 50% of the turns over today were observing the symptoms of diabetic retinopathy from quite long. Everyone with diabetes who is 12 years of age or over should go for screening once a year. As retinopathy can cause sudden blindness, it needs to be identified and treated as soon as possible. During the initial stages, retinopathy does not cause any noticeable symptoms. You may not realize that your retina is damaged until the later stages, when your vision becomes affected.”
Dr Ranjana Mehra, Director, Chhattisgarh Eye Hospital on completion of the camps said that “We have worked for the betterment of community since past 37years and our endeavor is to bring high cost quality treatment within the reach of common man. On this World Sight day, we have organized this camp so that we can educate and help more and more people to fight with the preventable cause of blindness. We with our seasoned and experienced doctors have made an effort to help the community. We aim to reduce the risk of vision loss in people with diabetes.”
About Chhattisgarh Eye Hospital:
Pride of Chhattisgrah, a registered hospital since 1977 - Chhattisgarh Eye Hospital has established its name as one of the best centers for the treatment of eye. Founded by Late Dr Vijay Mehra, the hospital has set benchmark in providing best eye care services par excellence to the facilities available in metros.
So, far hospital has treated 10,55,775 patients and has at restored sight to 1,11,574 patients. Out, of this 60% work is free of cost. The institution has 10 research paper to its credit.The first epidemiological study of incidence of cataract blindness was conducted by Dr.Vijay Mehra.
Chhattisgarh Eye Hospital Raipur in collaboration with international center of Eye Health London which said that 3.8 million go blind every year due to cataract . Keeping this in mind many international and national programme have been planned.Learn how to say Subclavian correctly in English with this tutorial pronunciation video.
Oxford dictionary definition of the word subclavian:
ADJECTIVE Anatomy
relating to or denoting an artery or vein which serves the neck and arm on the left or right side of the body.
Origin
mid 17th century: from modern Latin subclavius, from sub ‘under’ + clavis ‘key’ (see clavicle), + -ian., in one graph: ROI of conquests dropped, costs of military pensions & bureaucracy soared, and the "solution" of currency debasement destabilized the entire economic engine. pic.twitter.com/8Lg28AYhLm
— Tuur Demeester (@TuurDemeester) January 8, 2018
Here’s how to buy Ripple pic.twitter.com/M64e0W8T3m
— Ramp Capital♿️ (@RampCapitalLLC) January 8, 2018
This checks all the boxes:
"For the first time ever"
"WARNING: This opportunity disappears"
"Turn a single $100 bill into a retirement fortune"
"If you follow my script"
"With minimal risk" pic.twitter.com/BDxwXhEDeL
— Michael Batnick (@michaelbatnick) January 6, 2018
We made it fam. This from the New York Magazine pic.twitter.com/tdYs0EMuxJ
— StockTwits (@StockTwits) January 6, 2018
If you've invested $1,000 with Warren Buffett in 1965 would currently hold a nest egg of $4.3 million. However, if Berkshire had been a hedge fund charging 2 & 20, that $4.3 million would have accrued $300k to the investor with a stunning $4m to the manager.- Terry Smith in 2010
— D.Muthukrishnan (@dmuthuk) January 10, 2018
this is how the world ends
— StockCats (@StockCats) January 7, 2018
$KODK CEO: We had no clue our stock would double after putting out blockchain news pic.twitter.com/pqkpyKe8zv
— Quoth the Raven (@QTRResearch) January 10, 2018
7,102 tickers in the Finviz screener.
For longer term position traders and/or trend followers, a few well executed trades can make your entire year
No need to:
do "something" every day
be in every trade
try to be in every trade
or catch every tick
-Big time frames = big winners
— LMT978 (@LMT978) January 6, 2018Fascinating Orchids
From Chinese and Japanese manuscripts we learn that they were growing Orchids, ie, Dendrobiums, Cymbidiums and other native species approximately 3,000 years ago.
Magnificent orchids Part 1
Orchids belong to the Orchidaceae family and the name orchid derives from the Greek word ‘orchis’ which means ‘testicle’ ‒ a term that describes the roots of the orchids.
Ginger Lilies
Zingiberaceae Purpurata commonly called Ginger Lily or Hawaiian Ginger originated in Malaysia and South East Asia and was brought to Hawaii in the mid-1930s.
Now is the time to spike your lawn
We are well into the rainy season and with the heavy rainfall we are getting at the moment, the grass on the lawn may well be showing signs of distress.
Vibrant Gladioli
Gladiolus (plural Gladioli) commonly called Sword Lily comes from the Latin word gladius which means sword, referring to the shape of the leaves.
A bold statement in your garden
Canna commonly called Canna Lily comes from the Cannaceae family originating in South America.
Turk’s Cap
Turk’s Cap commonly called Sleeping Hibiscus or Pepper Hisbiscus originated from Central America and Texas and is a member of the Malvaceae family.
A cascading plant
Russelia equisetiformis commonly called Firecracker or Coral Plant comes from the Scrophulariaceae family.
Corallita
Corallita commonly called Mexican creeper originates from Mexico and belongs to the Polygonaceae family – ie, the buckwheat family.
A tree which looks like an orchid
In the Garden
Bauhinia purpurea is commonly called the Orchid tree or Butterfly tree. Here in Guyana and the Caribbean it is also known as Poor man orchid.
An attractive climber – Petrea
In the Garden
Petrea, commonly called Purple wreath or Sandpaper vine comes from the Verbenaceae family and originated from Mexico and Central America.
Spider lilies would make a good border
In the Garden
Hymenocallis littoralis commonly called Beach Spider Lilies are popular decorative plants with long curved leaves and spider-like lilies which are very fragrant.
Amaryllis blooms in about 10 weeks
In the Garden
Easter is all around, just look at the lovely flowers in bloom and you can tell it is that time of the year!
The fragrant lemon tree
In the Garden
Citrus limon, or lemon, as it is better known, originated from South-east Asia, like all the other members of the citrus family − oranges, tangerines, grapefruits and limes.
Get ready for the annual Flower Show
In the Garden
The Annual Flower Show will be held on Saturday March 23 and Sunday March 24 at the Umana Yana, Kingston from 10 am to 6 pm on each day.
Limes, glorious limes
In the Garden
The lime, citrus aurantifolia originated from South-east Asia and was quickly spread throughout Africa, the Mediterranean and Europe by the early traders and explorers.
Moses -in-the-cradle
In the Garden
Rhoeo spathacea commonly called Moses-in-the-cradle originated from the tropical areas of Central America.
Colourful leaves spell crotons
In the Garden
Codiaeum commonly called crotons belong to the Euphorbiaceae family and originated in Asia, mainly Malaysia, Indonesia, India and Sri Lanka.
More on bougainvilleas
In the Garden
I am happy to know that many of you grow bougainvilleas and were interested in the last article.
A native of Tanzania
In The Garden
African violets whose botanical name is Saintpaulia came originally from the hills of Tanzania in East Africa.
Boulanger
In the Garden
Eggplant or aubergine, commonly called boulanger or baigan in this part of the world, originated in India and eastern Asia thousands of years ago, and is now widely grown in the tropics.
Grow your own veggies
In the Garden
With the holiday season over, we are left with some extra pounds and lots of fat to burn.I realized recently I’ve spent so much time worrying about updating this blog with enough stories and poems to keep this blog fresh that I haven’t thought to update people about my life. What good is having a blog if you can’t put every thought out on the internet and pretend that the people who are reading think it is profound? I would be certifiably derelict as a self absorbed, fame obsessed millennial if I didn’t devote any time on my blog to writing about me as a real person. So, for those of you know me and for those of you who don’t [yet] what have I been doing?
Well, honestly, if I had to sum up what I’ve been spending the last year doing it would have to be spending my time trying to live my life with increasing intentionality. I spent a number of months, years really, going about my day to day life being intentionally about one or two things. The rest of my life was almost on auto-pilot. I took a lot of things and people for granted. Towards the end of 2012 I began to feel increasingly dissatisfied with the way I was living my life. My work was stressful and seemed like one crisis after another in a way that was completely unsustainable for me. I spent most of time outside of work escaping from the stress of work in way that were very unhealthy like eating and retail therapy. Around December of 2012 I knew that something had to give.
I decided to leave my job as a paraprofessional at a school in Englewood. It was a very difficult choice for me but looking back on it, I am more and more convinced it was the right one. While I still love the kids I worked with I felt that, for a variety of reasons, I was not helping them develop in positive ways. This started a few months of unemployment and spending money that would quickly run out. I eventually got my act together and applied to live at a Catholic Worker on the southwest side of Chicago. Around the same time I got a job at a book store in Hyde Park. After a few days of getting settled into this new life I begin to spend more and more time inspecting my life and my beliefs.
During this time one of oldest and best friends also got married right as I started my new life at the Catholic Worker. We was married to… the Girl of my dreams for him if that makes sense? I firmly believe that you should not look for a wife to complete you yet I think my friend and his wife complement each other in a way that is truly magical to behold.
I often worried about this particular friend because he had tendency in high school to give more to girls he dated than they deserved. I realize that he did this more out of a fundamental belief in what it meant to be a good person than in some naive romantic beliefs on dating. While I’ve always found this to be admirable I did worry that he, as a man clearly destined to be financially and personally successful would either end up with a wife who didn’t appreciate what he had to offer or a wife who merely recognized he was a great guy but didn’t offer anything of equal worth in the relationship. Fortunately he found himself someone who was equally smart, funny and driven. Someone who would give as much to the relationship as he would.
At their wedding I realized several things. One was that how all of my oldest and most dear friends viewed me. They all mentioned how proud they were that I quit my job and did what I thought was right. They were all proud that I had chosen to continue being my brother’s keeper and all called me successful. I was shocked because I had felt so unsuccessful and lost for numerous months previous to this. I also realized how much I missed out romantic love.
Compounding this feeling, my other equally old and equally dear friend was also at the wedding and a member of the wedding party. No one has taught me more about the meaning of the word loyalty than this friend. He also reminds me about my younger self. He reminds me of the moral, self righteous and hopeful 17 year old I was when we spent the summer working at a call center in Colorado Springs. 8 years ago he said that he could imagine the three of us meeting once a every view years for the rest of our lives. The three of us committed to that idea and it is the only promise I made as a teenager that I intend to keep.
At the same time, so much time had passed since we last hung out. We had changed in so many untold ways. I was amazed at how easily we feel into a similar routine and accepting we were of how we had all changed. My conversations increased my desire to explore what changes I needed to make in my life because I knew that regardless of how I changed, I had at least two friends who would stand by me.
On my last night at the estate where the wedding was being held in upstate New York I called another best friend. [All this talk of best friends reminds me of a Mindy Kaling quote “best friend is not a person, its a tier] This friend lives out in the Bay Area is by far my most honest friend. I think of him like family now more because he embodies the blunt honesty and stalwart support of my mother’s family than because of the length of our friendship. Though honestly, our five years of friendship would be enough.
I talked to him about my odd mix of elation at seeing my friends and a feeling that something ineffable was missing. He said something that resonates with me still. He said that most adults he knows usually only have involved relationships, meaning the kind where you spend almost every night hanging out, with romantic partners. He suggested that was part of what I might be missing.
Living at a Catholic Worker was very challenging for me. I met a lot of new people and was forced to live and work with them through all the false assumptions, misconceptions and misunderstandings that go along with diverse community life. I decided that as part of living in a community I wanted to understand my roommates as much as possible. I quickly began to realize that things that I had thought so universal believed as to be assumed to obvious were often vehemently disagreed with.
I lived with people who didn’t believe in human progress only change. I lived with people who considered themselves Christian but believed that all religions held equal truth about the world. I lived with white straight middle class christian men committed to be an ally to oppressed people in new and startlingly refreshing ways. Slowly my paradigms about people and the models for human behavior that I developed started breaking down. As these things broke down I continued my introspection.
One of the many results of this introspection as a rapid evolution of how I thought of myself in context. I was talking to people about their identities as they inadvertently said things that challenged mine. I spent a great deal of time thinking about gender and race and privilege [which resulted in The American Male]. I spent a lot of time coming to terms with being both oppressed and oppressor. The more I thought about that duality, the more radical I became in my desire to stop being complacent in patriarchy and rape culture. Yet at the same time, it is becoming increasingly obvious and disturbing to me how difficult and murky a path exploring how I sustain patriarchy and rape culture will be.
As all of this was happening I met an extraordinary young man whom I who considering entering the Catholic Church. Those of who know me well, know that my views on religion have shifted a lot of the years but I was recently in a strongly anti-organized religion state of mind. Yet, despite initial impressions of thinking me and this bible thumbing, show tunes humming, cheese and fruit eating Michigander could never get along we developed a very strong bond. After hearing about his faith journey and opening up to him about my feelings of something being missing, I came to realize something very important about myself. I had never resolved my feelings about God. Oh, I had resolved my thoughts on organized religion and by extension my thoughts on God but not my feelings. I realized that so much of my anti-religious sentiment was based on a child hood of being told that I was going to go to hell for not being a christian and emerging into an adult world that I couldn’t reconcile with my faith.
I was also raised by two very religious parents whose faith journey, for lack of better term, was never very compelling to me. My parents have always given me logical and emotionally moving stories of why they are Baha’i but not why they believe in God in the first place. This lead be internalize a lot of the Baha’i faith’s morality which I feel has served me well but left me at a loss for explaining why I believed in God because God’s existence had always been assumed as a child. By the time I began to question it I was too upset with religion to respectfully hear my parents out.
My friend, the liturgical Michigander, suggested that I visit a spiritual director. Had he suggested this a few months earlier I would not have laughed in his face I actually would have probably been offended. Yet time and conversations had changed me. I was open to change and open to explore my inner-self. I went to Loyola University and meet with a Jesuit Priest about my feelings of lacking something in my life. He was a sort of no BS kind of guy and challenged me on every statement. Fortunately it was exactly what I needed at the time.
The Jesuit Priest and I talked about my goals in life and a increasing feeling that their was something more out there. I briefly brought up my concern about being single and he said “Are you seriously asking a celibate man if he thinks you need romance to be a healthy, happy person? Have you ever had a Dog? I guarantee you a puppy will give you more affirmation and a sense of being needed than any girl friend.”
While I don’t think that a dog is the same as getting married but I do think he is right about a relationship not being able to fill the void i was feeling. It was something deeper, something…well…spiritual. I came to the conclusion that I need to resolve my thoughts on spirituality and God and then decide on what I want out of life. Over the next few days I came to realize how much of my spirituality that I repressed out of anger, fear and stubbornness as opposed to just stopped feeling.
I decided to go with my friend, the liturgical Michigander, to the Baha’i gardens in Wilmette. There I was flooded with warm memories of my childhood spent in 19 day feasts and winter schools. I was reminded of my mother teaching me the remover of difficulties and my father explaining how he became a Baha’i. The experience almost brought me to tears.
Before I left I made sure to buy a prayer book, the Book of Certitude and The Seven Valleys. I committed myself to explore this rekindled spirituality. As time passed I realized that I could no longer consider myself to be an atheist but I also am a long way from being okay being in an organized religion.
So, with all of these things happening I am hoping to reinvent myself. I’m eating healthier, exercising, meditating, praying, working within a budget, reading, strengthening relationships with friends and family and being proactive in the dating scene for once in my life. This has all lead to hilarity, schadenfreude, a lot of apologies, a lot of stress, hunger, relief, catharsis and growth.
So, in conclusion, I’m changing things up. Hopefully things will work out for the best. I feel healthier, more stable and more…adult (?) than I ever have before. Ready for the challenge and it’s not even new years. I’ll write more of each individual aspect of my wellness plan but yeah…that’s how I’m living.
One thought on “Living Life Intentionally”Ways to Lower Your Energy Bills
Monday, July. The plant is now infused with latest technology and the engines are sized in a way to accommodate an increase in future outputs, with only minor modifications. Additionally, this plant does not only rely on fuel, but has tapped into renewable energy by utilizing wind energy.
This plant provides energy to supply to all of its members including the city of Lovington.
You can find out more at, and about the plant at.
Category: (none)If you love incredibly targeted traffic, gaining tons of new followers and record engagement on your Twitter account then simply read below and be sure to view the examples to back it all up!
Twitter Audit: Find Out If Your Followers Are Real
Are your followers on Twitter a bunch of bots?
What is the point of having a ton of followers if they never engage or ever see your posts?
Twitter Audit will scan your followers & find out what percentage of them are real people.
You may have an old Twitter account with many followers that no longer use twitter.
Also this comes in handy to show a prospective client if you are trying to earn their business or validate your relationship with current clients.
Here how to tell if twitter followers are real!
Simply authorize Twitter Audit to get access to your Twitter account.
Then it will choose 5,000 random followers and scan them.
As an example I have used my personal account @jmhhacker and my firm @iboommedia
Also two celebrities Kim Kardashian & Justin Beiber
After it’s finished you will see the percentage of your followers that are real.
It will also tell you how real it thinks you are.
This is a great tool for people who use their Twitter account to promote something.
If it thinks you are a bot, you can then go over your current method.
As you can see below my personal account which is 4 years old is looking great at 98% real followers
iBoom Media's account is also at 98% real followers
When you run Twitter Audit on Kim Kardashian's profile you find only 48% of her followers are actually real people.
Surprised? Don't be as this is quite common for many larger accounts.
Justin Bieber's account came in even lower at only 42% real.
Try Twitter Audit for yourself! Twitter Audit
The next tool PeakFeed keeps me on top of all my social media accounts and even networks by emailing me once a week important stats on followers, engagement rate and even new posts made.
Also before the primary use of peakfeed they also offer a report on how many of your Twitter followers are active accounts. Active is defined as made a tweet within the last 30 days.
So based on the results of this report from Peakfeed you can then make the necessary changes to either eliminate them or plan to prevent this the best you can in the future.
I just ran my personal account to see how it fared and the results were great to see!
83.6% of my followers were active in the last 30 days in fact 51.7% were active in the last 24 hours which is even better.
Peakfeed can analyze up to 21,200 of your followers so that will be enough to give you an idea of all your followers if your account is larger.
This data tells me that I have an incredibly engaged and real audience and that my current methods used to build and target are working perfectly.
Get this information for yourself HERE
Start by adding your brand's profiles from Facebook, Google, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, and YouTube.
Then add up to two competitors. That way you can make sure you are keeping up or give yourself a way to measure your own growth. All you need is the URL to their profiles.
Every week they will email you a simple, concise report that shows your key performance metrics right next to your competitors for all your accounts.
What sets Peakfeed apart is that they let their users name a price that matches how useful the tool is to you!
So if it is $3/mo or $30/mo that is your choice! Crazy right? I thought so to until I did it myself.
Get your Twitter Data below.
Recently I was interviewed on the Create Your Own Life Podcast and I share all the methods I used to go from creating my 1st social media accounts to founding a social media firm with 20 staff and 100 clients! I think you you want to listen to this one!
Check it out HEREForward
I created the Customer Advisory Board (CAB) program at Altera Corporation in 2001. It all started when my boss at the time, Robert Blake, complained that we seemed to be planning products by looking in the rear-view mirror. He wanted us to look into the future.
We agreed to our purpose straight away: to align our product roadmaps with key customers. We began by inviting these customers to meet with us face to face at our headquarters in San Jose, California. In these forums, we strove to learn what they were trying to do, with an eye toward developing products they would want to buy in the future.
Understanding what customers want is not an easy, nor obvious task. You can’t simply throw a few customers and product planners in a room and say, go! There’s more to it than simply asking, “Hey, customer, what do you want us to build for ya?” At least, that’s what we came to learn after a few initial rocky meetings.
Engaging directly with customers could be fraught with pitfalls. Unintended expectations could be set, sore topics mentioned, or one might alienate the very people one wants to understand by talking too damned much, pitching products, and failing to listen. No, simply throwing a group of people in a room and seeing what shakes out is a recipe for disaster. Even so, aligning with customers face to face is worth doing. It’s just that, to do it well, it requires planning, training and focus. Over a decade of running the CAB program, I learned many lessons the hard way. I’ve written many of them down in this book. My hope is that by sharing my experience, I can save you from such trials.
This book is intended to teach you how to not only side-step pitfalls, but to engage with customers in such a way so as to discover their insights that matter. In this book you’ll find:
- Specific skills for face to face engagement with customers
- How to cultivate an aligning mindset
- Clear roles for each member of the uncovering team
- Step by step recipes for running customer alignment meetings
- Example scenarios inspired by real experiences
- Tips for correcting counterproductive behavior
This book is derived from concepts and skills that proved to be effective for us in the CAB program. These concepts transformed us from a disparate group of individual amateurs to a team of professionals. I hope they can do the same for you.
Disclaimers
The concepts, examples and strategies contained in this book are my own, even if inspired by my experience working at Altera Corporation. The advice herein in no way represents the actual processes or procedures followed by product developers and managers at Altera Corporation. For example, the specifically named ‘customer alignment’ or CA meeting was wholly created by Laura Reese, and is not a part of Altera Corporation processes.
Furthermore, the views expressed in this book are solely those of Laura Reese, and, unless otherwise noted, are in no way intended to represent the views, positions, or opinions – expressed or implied – of Altera Corporation or anyone else.
In this book, real people are referred to by their full names, including first and last names. All other people, who are referred to by only their first names, are fictitious. Any similarities to real people are coincidental and unintended.
I apologize in advance to anyone with the first name of Tom or Bob. In this book, Tom and Bob tend to not perform optimally.
CHAPTER ONE
Introduction
The Power of Preparation
Arriving at work one morning, I was in an upbeat mood. A strategic customer alignment meeting with XYZ Corp was scheduled for ten o’clock. Everyone was ready, and every detail had been taken care of. We’d prepared for over a week, and today was the day.
An email marked ‘Urgent’ greeted me after I turned my computer on. It was from Nathan. I had a bad feeling about it. Nathan was my key attendee, and was our lynchpin Subject Matter Expert (SME). As I clicked on the email, I prayed, Please don’t cancel. Please don’t let me down.
Unfortunately, my fears were confirmed. “Laura, I’m sorry, I can’t attend the meeting today. There’s an accident on 17. Besides, I’m fighting a nasty head cold. I recommend Jacob as my replacement – he’s on cc. If he can’t make it, call me at home and I’ll help you find an alternate. – Nathan.”
This was disappointing. XYZ Corp was our company’s third largest customer, accounting for over 10% of revenue. The XYZ division joining us in an hour drove a healthy chunk of that business. They were industry leaders. As such, we were eager to align our product roadmap of FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Arrays[1]) with them.
It had been radio silence from XYZ recently, but now they were sending four valuable employees: an in-the-trenches engineer, two influential engineering directors, and the CTO. Their strong lineup was hardly an expression of love for us, however. Rather, it was testimony to the fact that our products were critical to their success. The truth was, they weren’t our biggest fans at that moment. We’d burned them recently with a software update, which had set their schedule back by weeks, maybe months. The market they served was intensely competitive. Time to market meant everything, and we’d inadvertently compromised their plans. No, they were not happy with us.
Thankfully, the software issue had been resolved just in time for this alignment meeting. However, their wounds were still fresh. It wouldn’t be easy to get them to open up, and that was one reason why I needed Nathan’s presence. He was great with customers. If anyone could unlock customer information, it was him. For one thing, he brought technical credibility, and nothing keeps an engineer talking like an audience who understands what’s being said. But there was more to it than mere comprehension. When you get engineers around a white board discussing a problem, you see camaraderie, ad hoc teaming, exploration, creativity, brainstorming, common purpose, head scratching, and inspiration. There’s something special about a conversation between people who understand a topic in-depth. Nathan was the kind of colleague who could connect in this manner with just about anyone, no matter their personality type. His knowledge of our products, and of the industry as a whole, was simultaneously broad and deep. Yep, Nathan was perfect.
I should have been in a panic, but I was calm. How could that be?
A few years’ beforehand, Nathan’s cancellation would have singed me like a three alarm fire. But now, I knew I could draw on my team of competent attendees. Nathan’s alternate would bring the technical credibility we needed. More importantly, I was confident he would ask skillful questions, build trust with the customer, and demonstrate genuine interest. He’d connect, and, in the end, he’d strengthen our relationship with the customer. How did I know all this? Because I’d taught him how.
Rewind a few years, however, and the prospect of inviting an alternate to a customer meeting would have been as appealing to me as a round of Russian roulette. Back then, there were only a handful of people who I felt comfortable putting in front of customers, and even some of them could be unpredictable. But an alternate? No way. They might talk too much, or ask leading questions. Worst of all, they might attempt to sell the customers on our products, coming off as sleazy used-car salesmen. I’d seen every cringe-worthy behavior you could imagine. We’ll review some specific examples later in this book.
To be fair, colleagues from engineering, marketing and other departments usually behaved professionally. It was glaringly notable the few times when they didn’t. The problem was that I never knew when they were going to derail the conversation. Even the most diplomatic among them, including high level executives, could make awkward comments, or steer the discussion off course. Whether due to outrageous gaffes, or tiny peccadilloes, each misstep added up over the course of a meeting. The consequences were consistent: the customer would stop talking and we’d come away with little useful information.
So why did we continue? Why did we book more meetings? Because there were times that magic happened; we’d connect. Everyone could feel it. The conversation would carry forward on its own as excitement crescendoed. Suddenly, the customer would jump up, grab a dry-erase marker, and brainstorm ideas on the whiteboard. Thus inspired, we were in flow. Pencils scratched over engineering notepads, and laptop keys clicked. We happily recorded outpourings of customer insights, ideas and vision.
Out of that magic came revelations that we might never have otherwise encountered. Out of that magic came a deep understanding of what the customer was truly trying to do and why. We learned what was getting in their way, and explored ways we might help them overcome such obstacles. We heard stories, not just data points. We understood the context and importance of each piece of the customer’s situation.
On these occasions, when we connected with customers, I’d wonder, could we cultivate that magic? Could we avoid whatever prevented that magic from materializing? Could we learn to exchange useful information with customers and avoid alienating them?
I began observing our behavior in the margins of my notes. After a few customer meetings, the truth emerged: we were winging it.
People were coming to the meetings unprepared. They hadn’t read email briefings and had skipped pre-meetings. Then they’d show up and steer the conversation according to their own agendas. Otherwise cordial colleagues sometimes became argumentative when they didn’t hear the answers they wanted to hear. That made me angry. I wondered, didn’t people know how to behave?
Then I imagined myself in my colleagues’ shoes. Like me, they had decisions to make, projects to push forward, and interminable meetings to endure. The customer alignment meetings took them away from their work. They were being placed into an impossible position. They were expected to behave well with customers, but hadn’t been told specifically what was expected. I hadn’t explained the meeting goals to them, nor their specific roles in the meetings. I hadn’t provided behavioral tips, such as how to deal with seemingly irrational customers, how to ask skillful questions, or how to take useful notes. No, I hadn’t trained them, and yet I expected perfect behavior. How naive of me.
It was time to rectify the situation. Firstly, I needed to educate myself. I sought guidance, and found much wisdom in books, many of which are listed in this book’s appendix. I learned questioning techniques from Rory Clark, the “creator of Focus $elling®, a … system that (teaches) leadership, teamwork, and performance through the renovation of individual mindsets.”[2]
As I developed my own, in-house training program, I received invaluable feedback from a colleague in the HR department, the ever insightful, Eva Condron, (title).
I was eager and ready to go. I developed a training class and invited about fifteen people. Two people showed up – two people who needed training the least. They mostly listened in my meetings, and the few questions they’d ask were usually good questions. So, I let people know that if they wanted to meet with customers, they were required to undergo training. I petitioned the heads of each department to nudge their teams to attend. In the end, nearly everyone who took this training embraced it. Many said they felt relieved, for they finally understood, with absolute clarity, what their roles and responsibilities were. They were gratified to learn exactly was expected of them, and often more importantly, what was not expected. They developed alignment skills, and contributed ideas for improving our customer engagements, which were included in subsequent training sessions.
Within a year, our customer alignment program had transformed. We spent less time preparing, and gathered useful information at every customer meeting. With our success came demand from the field. Our sales teams had long been wary of putting their customers in front of what they called, loose cannon ‘factory’ people. With visibility and positive customer chatter about our meetings, they became more comfortable with bringing customers to us. Sales teams began requesting customer alignment meetings, or CA meetings. They saw CA meetings as a means of strengthening relationships with their customers.
Attendees from our engineering teams also began asking to come to meetings. Previously, CA meetings were regarded as disruptions to their schedules. CA meetings were sources of annoying action items. After attending the training, they saw value in hearing directly from customers. They came to understand that the objective was not to pick up action items, but to learn customer goals and challenges, which they enjoyed doing.
As for me? Well, I gained confidence in the team. Dozens of colleagues, across multiple departments, could be called upon to help us in the product planning department to uncover information we needed to define better products. We became a team capable of uncovering the customer information that mattered to us. We were in a good place by the time XYZ was due to visit.
And so, as I ‘replied all’ to Nathan’s email, I was calm and relaxed. Jacob would be up to the task. He’d bring all the technical credibility we needed. More importantly, I was confident he would ask skillful questions, build trust with the customer, and demonstrate genuine interest. He’d connect, and, in the end, he’d strengthen our relationship with the customers. How did I know this with such certainty? Well, he’d attended my training sessions, and I’d witnessed him wield the skills he’d learned to great effect.
You see, customer alignment can be done. But each meeting requires planning, and each attendee must be trained to use their innate skills in the context of a larger team effort. Each team player must understand her role within the team, and play that role at the right time. This doesn’t mean people must alter their personalities. They simply need to adjust some wording when they ask questions, take proper notes, and sharpen their listening skills. All of this can be learned, and all of this can be taught.
This book is derived from the ‘Subject Matter Expert’ or SME training that Jacob, Nathan, and dozens others underwent. It’s a compilation of specific and actionable tips that worked for us. These skills proved invaluable as we aligned with customers during my tenure in the product planning department at Altera Corporation from 1999 through 2012.
This training was developed in the context of the semiconductor industry. While most examples derive from that world, the concepts translate to other industries outside of Silicon Valley. If your goal is to align with customers or stakeholders, there’s probably something in this book that you can use. These concepts can work in non profit organizations, accounting agencies, widget manufacturers, or law offices. That said, the tips contained herein are a starting point. Use what works for you, adjust the advice as it makes sense for your situation, and build upon your experience.
These techniques are not complicated. Anyone can learn them, including technical engineers, experienced marketers, or even … high level executives.
But I Want to Wing It!
It was clear we were all winging it in customer alignment (CA) meetings. While I too like thinking on my feet, and find planning and training to be utterly boring, I realized that by failing to develop our customer interfacing skills, we spent too many mental cycles thinking about what to say. Worse, for those of us who spent no time thinking about what to say, the results could be disastrous. Foots inserted into mouths, regularly.
Corporations usually provide sales training to their customer facing employees, but don’t extend such lessons to their internal engineering and planning teams. My colleague, Eva Condron, called such internal employees, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs). When SMEs lack basic training in interacting with customers, sales teams loathe having them in meetings with customers. That’s unfortunate, because often, customer insights that matter most are aired precisely when customers talk directly with product developers about their future plans and goals.
This book is intended to bridge that gap. It’s intended to provide easy-to-remember tips for SMEs so that they can reliably interact with customers. The goal isn’t about issue resolution however, the goal is to align roadmaps and improve the planning process by eliciting trustworthy, unbiased and useful customer insights and information. Customer-facing SME training, is essential if this sort of information is desired by the product planning team.
Ask yourself this: what’s your focus during a customer meeting? Questioning techniques? Interpersonal skills? Probably not. No, you focus on the discussion, and as you do, you naturally snap into whatever conversational habits you’ve developed over your life. That could mean you interrupt as soon as you disagree with what’s being said. Or, it could mean you ask verbose and wandering questions that do more telling than asking. In some contexts, these tendencies have merit, in others, they can be disruptive. Conversely, going by instinct could mean you never utter a peep. That could result in failing to gain critical information.
Focusing on the conversation is the right thing to do, and that means that optimal conversational skills must be made into habit. The way we question and listen needs to be automatic, or second-nature. With training and preparation, well honed uncovering skills free you up to … think, listen, and strategize. Ultimately, you get the information you’re after.
When we leave questioning skills to chance, when we let attendees roll their own questions in real time, our meetings go awry. Untrained attendees disrupt the flow of conversation, transmit unintended messaging, or fail to ask what they truly want to ask. Or, they ask well-meaning questions, but in such a way that the customer volleys back with hollow, unsatisfying answers. Too much of this can compromise the spirit of the meeting. Training delivers the benefits of unearthing relevant information – all while freeing up people’s minds to mull deeply into the topics at hand, without wondering if they’re about to upset the customer.
If you’re sold on the concept, and you want to develop these skills, skip ahead to the next section. If not, continue reading.
.
.
.
Still with me? Still not sold? Don’t worry, I’ve anticipated this reaction, and have lovingly prepared this chapter for you. Below you’ll find some common objections I’ve heard from colleagues who wanted to opt out of training. Below each objection I’ve written my typical responses. Sometimes I convinced the heretics. Other times, I convinced their bosses to “convince” them to improve themselves and their contribution to our customer uncovering efforts. If you identify with any of these objections, please read the corresponding response.
Objection: “I’m already great with people. I can opt out of training. Right?”
Uh, no. Even if you’re a hit at parties, you need alignment skills training. Here’s why.
Effective CA meetings are team efforts that require specific planning and specialized language. Imagine a professional soccer match. Each player knows their role: what part of the field to cover while the ball is being handled elsewhere. Now imagine a soccer game of six year olds. Every player rushes for the ball wherever it is. They run over each other, trip up, and in the end, the ball moves haphazardly. This vision, of six year olds playing soccer (football if you are outside of the US), came to mind often in those days prior to training. Which team do you want to play on? Winning with professionals, or losing with a bunch of novices?
When you’re part of a team, you should know your role. You know when to step back and let your teammates carry the ball. You can identify when your teammate is in trouble and help without getting in the way. Teammates with common training can execute strategies and pivot to new tactics as needed. They think as one.
Secondly, even if you’re good with people, you may find that training improves your game. Those benefits can extend beyond the customer meeting conference room. When I learned these skills, I was raising two elementary-school-aged daughters. I used my newfound skills at home, and discovered they invited independent thinking and honest communication. My elder daughter used to argue with me a lot. When I learned to suppress unintended messaging, she seemed to argue less. Before learning these skills, my younger daughter seemed reluctant to tell me about what was going on at school. After I learned how to ask questions, she revealed that a girl, who I’d thought was her best friend, was, in fact, bullying her. Both girls began cooperating without manipulation or crude systems of punishment and rewards. These customer aligning techniques enabled us to talk to each other as family partners working toward common solutions. That’s how it should be in customer meetings as well.
The benefit to our home life, was a pleasant byproduct. In the end, if you’re unwilling to learn the common language of alignment, are unwilling to learn how to work with your team, it is probably best that you do not attend customer alignment meetings. At best you’ll be a fifth wheel, at worst, you’ll disrupt the game.
Objection: “I’m too busy. I don’t have time for this stuff.”
If you’re invited to customer meetings, and the people organizing the meetings have recommended you learn these techniques, there’s a reason. Learning these skills will save you time in the long run. You’ll learn a common language for aligning. When everyone is working from the same playbook, preparation meetings take less time as everyone on the team immediately grasps their own role and goals. When everyone on the team knows common aligning tactics and skills, it frees you up to focus on the particulars of each customer. You may find that customer meetings become more efficient and enjoyable since you now avoid wasting time on conversations that offer little value.
“I’m an expert in my field. The last thing I need is more corporate training.”
If you are a key subject matter expert within your company, there’s a chance you’ve cultivated a bit of rock star status. Your work is critical to operations, and everybody knows it. That’s awesome. Congratulations. People respect your work, dare I say, they envy you.
You’ve probably put a lot of work into your subject of expertise. Now I invite you to put just a small amount of time and effort into honing your interpersonal aligning skills so that you can play the role that you alone are uniquely qualified to play. By pulling lessons from this book, you’ll understand what the rest of the team is doing, and sit back as you let the team move the customer to a place where she can begin providing insights on your topic. Perhaps the discussion will illuminate how she uses your technology in unexpected ways. Revelations about how your technology might be improved, streamlined, or altered, may come to mind.
Objection: “I’m an introvert. I’m terrible at talking with people. The last thing I want to do is meet with customers.”
Fair enough. Perhaps all this talk of connecting with customers is scaring you off. Don’t worry. There are ways of managing customer meetings so that you can talk sparsely. In fact, your reticence to open your mouth is likely an advantage. This is because the goal of a customer meeting is not to listen to you, but to listen to, that’s right, customers. The majority of the talking should be done by the customers which means the majority of the listening will be done by you. That said, by learning the concepts contained in this book, you may identify times when your voice is needed in the conversation. The skills you learn here may help you identify proper times to engage in conversation – especially when the topic moves onto material you, and nobody else knows or has the perspective for. Give it a chance.
Yes, every CA meeting attendee must undergo training.
Whether you burst with confidence, or lack it entirely, it takes but one untrained person to completely derail a meeting. It doesn’t matter if you’re an introvert or an extrovert, a preening rock star or a silent wallflower. If you go into a customer meeting winging it, or failing to play a specific role on the team, you could unwittingly do real damage. You don’t want to be that person, do you?
What do you stand for? What’s your company trying to achieve? Are you trying to create the best product within your market? To explore new niches? To continually improve customer satisfaction? To align your roadmap with your customers’ roadmaps? All of the above?
If you want to be a valued contributor to moving the company forward, then I’d advise you to do everything you can to align your company with key customers. This training is your ticket to do just that.
Why Align with Customers When Customers Don’t Know Jack?
Steve Jobs famously said, “It’s really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them.”
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard colleagues, especially from the marketing department, repeat this tired quote. Sometimes, the words of Mr. Jobs would be invoked to deflect a disconfirming data point we’d gathered from a customer. Usually, Mr. Job’s words were used to explain why there was little value in attending, or even holding, customer alignment meetings.
Whoa – how does one combat the sentiments of a Silicon Valley deity such as Steve Jobs?
All I could do was agree. Maybe that sounds crazy, since this book is about aligning with customers. But parse the statement out. “A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them.” In other words, they can’t tell you what they want until they know what’s possible for you to deliver. That’s indeed a big part of an effective CA meeting – sharing a glimpse at possibilities on your roadmap. But, and this is a big but and it cannot lie:[3] sharing your product plan is not your lead topic. Yes, it’s important, and it has its place in a CA meeting… and that’s in the second half of the meeting, not the first.
No, the first order of business, ad the true goal of an alignment meeting, is reflected in a less well-known known quotation from Steve Jobs. He said, “You’ve got to start with the customer experience and work back toward the technology – not the other way around.”[4]
Exactly. This is what a CA meeting is all about. The key to aligning with customers is first learning what they are trying to do. The team starts by uncovering their objectives. Only after understanding what the customer is trying to achieve, and discovering what challenges they see before them, does it make sense to discuss possible technological solutions you might offer in the future. If anyone on the team fails to understand this, the meeting can go awry and lead to disappointing results.
What better time than now to give you a preview into the four main objectives of a customer alignment meeting:
- Uncover customer information: specifically, their goals and challenges
- Build relationships
- Continuously align plans
- Document and disseminate information to stakeholders
We’ll get into more detail on each of these later in the book, and you’ll learn ways to achieve these goals with ease. Once you and your teammates are adept at all four, you should find yourselves making more informed decisions and planning better products.
Your team will be much better versed in what customers care about, and as a result, more likely to develop the kinds of products they’ll want to buy. Additionally, your team will better understand your competition. You’ll know whether they’re making good or bad decisions. Why? Because you’ll know what customers are trying to do.
So read on, because that’s not the whole story, and beware: there are some gotchas.
Chapter 1 – Introduction, Part Deux – This is What Winging it Looks Like
[1] If you’re unfamiliar with the term, FPGA, think, customizable logic computer chip. If that doesn’t do it for you, just think, computer widget of some sort.
[2] Rory Clark,
[3] Props to Sir Mix A LotCurrency Displayed in
US Rigging's snatch blocks are manufactured from the highest quality tensile steel and with bronze brushings and grease fitting for ease of use and extended sheave life.
Specifications
This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!
All prices are in USD.of Keith's Passing
Share This Obituary
Memories & CandlesPrevious
“Missy, our prayers are with you. May God's love surround you as you face this difficult time.
”
1 of 8 | Posted by: David, Wanda, Langley, Dakota, and Montana Looney
“Dear Missy-
You are in my thoughts and prayers.
With deepest sympathy-
Sarah Browning
”
2 of 8 | Posted by: Sarah Browning - friend
“Bettina,
Thinking of and praying for you and your family during this difficult time. Although it may seem like healing is not possible, happy...Read More »
”
3 of 8 | Posted by: Mike Santucci - Madison, VA
“Bettina and family,
I am so sorry for you loss. Prayers for comfort in the days ahead.
Dianna Dillon Morrow
”
4 of 8 | Posted by: Dianna Dillon Morrow - VA
“Missy,
All my love and prayers to you at this sad time. You have a wonderful family especially your mom and caring brother and sister, so let them...Read More »
”
5 of 8 | Posted by: Janice Damewood - friend
“Missy, Betina, Paula and all the family, I am so sorry for your loss. Keith was a great guy and always had a smile for everyone. Please know you...Read More »
”
6 of 8 | Posted by: Cindy Craft Green - Buford, GA
“My Condolence To The Family. May God enfold you in His warm embrace. God Bless
”
7 of 8 | Posted by: Carolyn Drewry - Friend
“Missy,
Jan and I are so sorry for your loss. Keith was the sweetest, sweetest man and we will miss him.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Love,...Read More »
”
8 of 8 | Posted by: Karen Randle - Hickory, NC
Sympathy Flowers
Paitsel Funeral Home
KEITH OTIS RING
February 3, 1928 – March 28, 2015
On a beautiful and chilly spring afternoon, surrounded by family and friends and in his beloved Craig County, Keith Otis Ring transitioned from his journey on earth to his heavenly home.
He will be greatly missed by his wife Missy Ring, daughter Bettina Ring and her partner Paula Johnson of Charlottesville, caring mother-in-law Una "Lake" Drummond, brother-in-law Jeff Drummond, sister-in-law Stephanie and her husband Jeff Byer, all of New Castle. He is also survived by a special sister-in-law, Porty "Toots" Ring, numerous nieces and nephews, special friends Karen Randle and Cheryl Setzer and Ken and Reese Wood, along with the Dudding family and his extended family at Crossroads Christian Church.
Born on February 3, 1928 in Craig County, Keith was preceded in death by his parents and three brothers and four sisters. Keith proudly served in the United States Navy during World War II, followed by a life-long career as an electrician. Keith had a deep love of the land, people, nature, animals and music. He will be remembered most for his zest for life, his humility and his great sense of humor.
The family will receive friends Tuesday, March 31 from 6 to 8 p.m. at Paitsel Funeral Home in New Castle. A celebration of Keith's life will take place on Wednesday, April 1, at 11 a.m. at Crossroads Christian Church with Pastors Cody Rader and Gary Burch officiating. Burial with full military honors will follow at West View Cemetery.
The family would also like to provide a special thanks to the staff of Lewis Gale Hospital and Good Samaritan Hospice, for the care and comfort they provided Keith in his final days.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Crossroads Christian Church 21892 Craigs Creek Road and Fishes and Loaves of New Castle Christian Church, 713 Salem Ave., New Castle, VA 24127. Arrangements will be handled by Paitsel Funeral Home.ORDER HOTLINE
01684 252212
Blue Heavy Duty Fort Atlas Steps
Product Code : GPMS1203M
This product has been added to your shopping basket!
These Blue Heavy Duty Fort Atlas Steps are both practical and extremely easy to manoeuvre thanks to the unique grip lift mechanism that allows the operator to lift the retractable castors without bending. A popular choice for warehouses, storage facilities, and industrial environments, they are constructed from fully welded steel, and equipped with 2 x 160mm rubber tyre wheels, and 2 x 100mm nylon swivel castors.
For stability, these Heavy Duty Fort Atlas Steps feature wide treads made from expanded steel mesh, and have double-sided handrails to ensure a firm grip when working at height. Available in a variety of different sizes, these sturdy steps are suitable for daily use in professional workplaces.
- · Fully Welded Construction
- · Grip Lift Mechanism for manoeuvrability
- · Deep Steel Mesh Treads
Please select a product code from the options above that correspond with the product you wish to purchase from the table below:
Top Default Category Products
2 Step Mini Folding Steps
Though many may not have been aware of it, Thursday, Nov. 19 marked World Philosophy Day. The international holiday’s moderate obscurity is understandable. Established by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in 2005, it is fairly young. UNESCO’s General Conference sets World Philosophy Day annually as the third Thursday of November.
But as one may expect, the St. Olaf Philosophy Department is keen to spread awareness of this lesser known holiday. For the second year in a row, the department forewent their weekly sponsoring of pizza-fueled philosophical discussions among students and instead set up a stand just outside of the Cage during community time.
“It’s exciting to celebrate a United Nations sponsored day recognizing the value of philosophy and the way that it can influence understanding in the world,” Assistant Professor of Philosophy Arthur Cunningham said. “It’s exciting for philosophy students to think of something like the United Nations as a body recognizing the value of what students are studying here and to think about the transformative power that philosophy can have.”
Though Cunningham was present at the stand, it was primarily run by students, including Annika Beck ’17, Pedro Monque ’16 and Maggie Schenk ’16. Students stood in front of the table, actively engaging their peers to inform them about World Philosophy Day and offered them complimentary pizza slices. Other volunteers stayed behind the table and managed the sale of World Philosophy Day buttons.
There were two styles of button available, both emblazoned with the Owl of Athena – a universal symbol of philosophy. The first button had only the owl, while the second overlaid the image with an etymological deconstruction that defined “philosophy” as “love of wisdom.”
These buttons were given away for free at last year’s World Philosophy Day celebration, however the Philosophy Department introduced the new $1 charge in order to raise funds for non-profit organization Empoderando Latino America.
“It’s an organization that Oles have helped work on and helped to create the curriculum for the Latin American students that are coming through,” Beck said. “These students apply for the program and then they go through a three week intensive and they learn about philosophical skills like peacebuilding. They then bring these ideas back to their communities.”
Celebration of World Philosophy Day was not limited only to Buntrock Commons. Last year, Philosophy Department Chair Charles Taliaferro connected the students in his classes to philosophy students in Tehran, Iran. This year, Taliaferro invited visiting Kierkegaard scholar Dr. Leo Stan to his class as a guest lecturer.
Overall, students and professors involved in the celebrations were pleased with the interaction they had and appear likely to celebrate the holiday again when it comes back around Nov. 17, 2016.
“It’s a great day to think about how philosophy can impact our individual lives. It’s a great day to celebrate our differences as we move together forward in philosophy,” Beck said.
mayo1@stolaf.eduMurat Aytulum
1997-Dokuz Eylül University He graduated from Department of Theatre Main Art Deco Costume Design.
1997-LEATHER COSTUME DESIGN carried out by the Ezgi Agency was the third in the competition.
1998-World Smirnoff Fashion Competition Turkey was a finalist in the and received an honorable mention in various competitions.
1998-IF Fashion Fair "Horsemen of the Virgin" collection was exhibited.
1998-He began to prepare a professional collection in the leather industry and began his consulting services for companies.
1999-TV and served as editor and art director in the advertising industry.
2000-2010-Freelance company has prepared collections. Lee-show, image collections are prepared for many companies.
2010-Set up its own brand.
2011-As Fashion Designer, the first collection of "PUPPET" with consumers brought together in the Galata Fashion Festival.
2011-Galata Fashion Festival (White Platform podium) made his first solo show.
2011-Istanbul Leather Fair "PUPPET" collection was introduced.
2011-"They wings" was the styling work for Social Responsibility project.
2011-2012 Spring / Summer collection at the Galata Fashion Festival brought together the consumer.
2011-He exhibited his collection in Alacati Milfest Fashion Festival.
2011-2012 Spring / Summer collection was exhibited at the Istanbul Fashion Week Show Room.
2011-"The GIFT of LIFE" made the cushion design of the Social Responsibility projects.
2012-Galata Fashion Festival 2012-2013 Autumn / Winter collection brought together by the consumer.
2012-13-Artist (Scene-Clip costumes), made image consulting and design.
2013-"GIVE LIFE" was art director of the Social Responsibility projects.
2013-Ordes / Organ Transplant Support Association took part in the Fashion Show.
2014-"Le Show" Leather Fair "Love Therapy" 2014-2015 Autumn / Winter collection offered.
2014-Sponsored by the DTG, APLF Hong Kong Leather Fair "Turquoise" showed the project.
2015-"Mercedes Benz Fashion Week İstanbul" the 2015 Fall / Winter "Depression" was presented collection.Celebrating the life of Sarah Anna Lois Garmon
Be the first to share your favorite memory, photo or story of Sarah Anna. This memorial page is dedicated for family, friends and future generations to celebrate the life of their loved one.
We ask on behalf of the family that you keep your comments uplifting and appropriate to help all who come here to find comfort and healing.
Sarah Anna Lois Garmon, age 89, of Douglasville, Georgia, passed away on Thursday, March 9, 2017. She was born on June 24, 1927 in Alpharetta, Georgia in the Ocee Community, daughter of the late Toye Clayton Anglin and the late Sarah Arzelia Holbrook Anglin. Lois was a homemaker and a member of Union Grove Baptist Church in Roswell, GA.
In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Robert Mitchell Garmon, Jr.; sister, Louise Young; brothers; Hollis Anglin and Lewis Anglin; twin sisters; Claris Grogan and Faris Fouts.
Lois is survived by her children: Wanda Garmon Reed; Kenneth Garmon and his wife, Brenda; Michael Garmon; Jay Garmon and his wife, Cathy; Deanna Lynn; Robin Davison; and Meshella Garmon; twenty-three grandchildren; forty-five great-grandchildren, and five great great-grandchildren; and sister-in-law, Cathrine Anglin.
Funeral services will be held at 11:00 AM on Monday, March 13, from Hightower's Memorial Chapel with Rev. Josh Agan officiating. Interment will follow in Mozley Memorial Gardens.
The family will receive friends on Sunday afternoon, March 12, from 3:00 PM until 5:00 PM at the funeral home.
To send flowers or a remembrance gift to the family of Sarah Anna Lois Garmon, please visit our Tribute Store.
Previous Events
Visitation
12
Mar
7034 West Broad Street
Douglasville, GA 30134
Service
13
Mar
7034 West Broad Street
Douglasville, GA 30134
Cemetery Details
Location
3180 S Sweetwater Road
Lithia Springs, GA 30122
Welcome to Sarah Anna's Memorial WallShare memories & photos, send flowers, and much more.
Go to New Version of This Page
This old version has not been updated since 2016,
but we're leaving it in case you prefer it.
Show What's New
Please update your links from the new version.
surreptitious
Used In
Anna Karenina
Go to Book Vocabulary
Go to Word Detail
The couple seated themselves on the opposite side, and intently but
surreptitiously
scrutinized her clothes.$24.99
Sizes
Deck your little one out in Northwest Mo State Bearcats colors in this Northwest Missouri State Bearcats Full Zip Jacket. They'll love showing their Bearcats spirit with this Toddler Green Arch Long Sleeve Full Zip. Featuring a screen printed wordmark on the front and big logo on the back, this Full Zip Jacket is sure to make any future fan stand out.In Conversation
Penny Craswell and Lisa Cahill
In 2016, Lisa Cahill (ADC Director) invited Penny Craswell (The Design Writer) to share our space in Darlinghurst. Here they talk about a mutual interest and love for craft and design that has led to some great conversations and potential collaborations.
LC: Penny, how long have you have been writing about design and architecture and why did you decide to start The Design Writer?
PC: I started my career as an arts writer and editor following a degree in art history and curatorship, before I got bitten by the design bug working for Frame magazine in Amsterdam about twelve years ago. I love writing, and design and architecture are endlessly fascinating topics. I started my blog The Design Writer in 2014 as a way of writing what I want to write about design - uncovering new ideas, making lateral connections and exploring new concepts. I started the blog a few days before a visit the 2014 Milan Furniture Fair so I could write about that - I'm heading there again in just over a month and will be reporting for the blog and also for a new initiative I have set up with London design writer Giovanna Dunmall and local designer/writer Marcus Piper called The Milan Report. Stay tuned for more on this!
LC: Having you working out of ADC has been amazing for us. We really value your input and just generally sunny presence in our space. What are the benefits for you?
PC: The people! Although I love writing, it can be solitary, so it's nice to be surrounded by likeminded people who love design. Plus, being connected to the exhibitions, events and general goings on is wonderful too - I studied as a curator and am always fascinated by the role of the curator and its parallels to that of the editor.
LC: I'm really interested in your thoughts about where design is headed. Do you think Australian design is valued on the world stage or are we too little?
PC: Like many aspects of our lives in the 21st century, design is now more flexible, more mobile and more multi-faceted than ever before - and breaking traditional boundaries is what Australians do well. Real innovation is hard to find in the world, but thanks to our make-do approach, we are well equipped to break new ground. As for being small on the design stage, let's face it, we are. But so are a lot of other countries doing amazing things. Grass roots movements like craftivism show that real creativity happens everywhere.
LC: What is your most memorable recent design experience?
PC: Visiting Indigo Slam by William Smart of Smart Design Studio was incredible - a house for a wealthy art philanthropist, it's main stairway is nothing short of grandiose. But it's also subtle, in soft grey pinks, with cuts that introduce soft plays of light through the enormous space. Extraordinary.
LC: What are the three big things you would like to see for Australian Design in the next few years?
PC: Firstly, I think Australia has a fantastic design scene, but it would be great if the broader public was aware of it - I think the proliferation of fakes in furniture and product design is a sign that many people still don't get it. Secondly, we need to mobilise our creative scene and support each other - too many initiatives happen on their own without the right support network - more funding from government would help us to grow the infrastructure around design events and publications - and would be repaid to the economy. Thirdly, we need to wrestle some of the decision making about our cities from the developers, with design-led buildings that are beneficial to the community.
PC: Lisa, design means many things to many people - how would you define it and and which different forms of design are represented at ADC?
Always a challenging question that one! To me design is broadly about asking questions and using creative processes to come up with innovative solutions that will ultimately make life better for people. Design can also be beautiful and wrestles with concepts and materials to surprise and delight us. At ADC we give ourselves the enormous task of presenting design from as many different perspectives that we can imagine crashing the traditional boundaries between craft, art, architecture and technology - from architecture to social robotics, crochet to data visualisation, furniture to sculpture, domestic objects to industrial innovations and everything in between.
PC: Your role as director involves a lot of juggling different tasks - what aspects of your job do you enjoy most?
LC: I'm coming to the end of my first year as director and looking back I think it's been a wonderful experience - an absolute privilege and challenging and rewarding in bucket loads. The best bits though are coming up with ideas for new audience experiences, working with makers and designers to bring their work to a broad audience and collaborating with so many immensely talented Australians.
PC: You recently attended a conference put on by the British Craft Council - what were the most interesting nuggets of research and innovation that you brought home?
LC: A fascinating experience to attend the Make:Shift conference on craft and innovation. I was blown away by the ease with which the UK craft community are embracing technology in their traditional areas of practice and collaborating with people from other disciplines to bring about innovation in health related areas, engineering with all sorts of incredible solutions that will make lives better. At the same time, there is a reverence to the traditions of craft to preserve these skills for future generations.
PC: The Australian Design Centre is in hip Darlinghurst - what other interesting things in the area would you recommend to someone visiting the gallery?
LC: Darlinghurst is full of surprises. I'd recommend a visit to the classy new Stylecraft showroom across the road, Stanley Street Gallery for excellent contemporary jewellery, First Draft for new and emerging talent, the coffee and food at Flour and Stone is sublime and then back to ADC to pick up some handcrafted gifts from Object Shop.
PC: It was interesting to see the pussy hats at the Women's March as a form of craft activism. Can you talk about the connection between community and craft?
LC: Wherever there is craft there is community. Craftspeople have traditionally formed communities of practice. Whether it be a guild or shared studio or just a group that meets regularly to work and learn from each other, there is a community spirit in craft of shared passion, passing on of skills and the pure joy of creating something beautiful to master a stitch or a knot or wrestle with a piece of wood or a lump of clay. Craft activism is an extension of what a passionate community can do when they have an issue they care about and want to use their skills to advocate for change.
Image: courtesy of ADC, 2017.A woman's world
Traditionally, the IT industry has always been a man's world, but Sue Evans, head of IT&S at the National Bank of Dubai, is keen to redress this balance she tells Sarah Gain.
|~|evansC200.jpg|~|Evans: Finding a way to make things work in different environments, is a challenge but also part of the fun.|~|Traditionally, the IT industry has always been a man's world, but Sue Evans, head of IT&S at the National Bank of Dubai, is keen to readdress this balance she tells Sarah Gain.
Arabian Computer News: How did you get to where you are today?
Sue Evans: I can hardly remember how it all started now! I went into the IT industry in 1969 in the UK, basically in an analyst programmer training-type role - that was in the public sector in the UK. I worked for the next nearly 10 years in both the public and private sectors, doing much the same sort of work.
I then joined a vendor in the UK in 1978 as a consultant and I was sent to Kuwait - that was one of the first customers that I had to support. I spent a year in Kuwait and then I moved down to Dubai with the same vendor, and I supported about three or four customers in Dubai. Then I went to Abu Dhabi and did some work, again for the same vendor, for Adnoc. I was always working on site for quite big customers.
After that, I went to South Africa for about four years in a consulting role, and then I ended up back in the UK for a very short period. In 1985 I went to Singapore and eventually down to Australia…I've almost been around the whole world!
Basically I started managing quite large projects in the 1980s, and then in the early 1990s, managing large ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementations. Those were 100-plus people projects, so I was a project director really for most of the 90s, mainly in Australia, although I did some work in Hong Kong as well.
Finally, I came back to Dubai in 1999 and that's when I joined the National Bank of Dubai (NBD). I came here just to do a few major projects - we had to implement a branch automation system and core banking replacement, which was a big undertaking. That was really all I was here for, but then three years ago I became head of IS&T.
ACN: So you've travelled all over the world! How does the IT market here in Dubai, and in the Middle East as a whole, compare to other places you've been?
SE: I think everything moves fairly quickly here. Once people decide they want to do something - although it may take time to get to that point - when the idea's sold it's pretty full on. I think that being a smaller country than the others I've lived and worked in, I also feel that you're more a part of something. You know what's happening in the local industry, it's much easier to keep abreast of what's happening in the marketplace.
It's very immediate. It's all happening right here, right now. There's never a shortage of information flowing through, everybody wants to do things quickly, and I think the enthusiasm here is probably greater - I find it very conducive for IT-type work.
ACN: So it's an enjoyable place to work? Are there any major challenges?
SE: Oh yes, I've enjoyed it. I enjoy the travel, and I enjoy different environments, different cultures. When you get to live in the place for some time you learn a lot about how different people operate.
One of the things I like about the Middle East, and why I'm still here - because I didn't really expect to still be here, I suppose - it really is truly multicultural. Even in places like Australia, people will say that it's a very multicultural environment, but not compared to here - this is definitely in a different league.
Getting things to work together, finding a way to make things work in different environments, is a challenge but also part of the fun. I think one of the biggest achievements of my career has been being able to get all sorts of projects delivered, irrespective of where I've been and who was involved - I just had to make it all work.
ACN: Has your being a woman affected your experience in any way, particularly in the Middle East, in the role that you have?
SE: Oh it's wonderful! I think it was a bigger challenge in Australia to be honest. I think I've been very fortunate that since I've been here I can honestly say that it hasn't been an issue. Perhaps people do treat me differently but I'm sure that's only been a positive thing, it's never been in a negative sense. In fact I've probably benefited in some respects. I know that maybe doesn't fit with what you might expect, but it's the truth - that's how it's been for me.
ACN: Do you know many other women in your line of work here in the region?
SE: I don't get to meet very many women. When we go off to seminars and things I'm often the only woman there. But I don't notice it now. I might have done at some stage, but I suppose after a while it just becomes normal. There are more Emirati ladies coming along to events now though, I have noticed that in the last few years, and that's really good to see. I think this will obviously increase over time as well.
ACN: Why do you think it is such a male dominated industry?
SE: Well I don't know whether it is elsewhere. It actually seems to me that there are more women than men graduating from university with IT degrees of one sort or another. And I get the impression that ladies are quite well suited to this kind of work.
I do think that in the IT industry it's very much about processes, projects, and it all requires a lot of organisational skills. Because of my background, everything's a project to me - I can even make making a cup of tea a project if I try hard enough! And because of that, and the attention to detail that's needed, I think women actually take very well to the IT environment.
ACN: Do you think more should be done to encourage women to pursue careers in IT?
SE: I suppose when I started in the industry in the late 60s there were very few women interested in IT. In fact, you could count them on one hand, almost. If I'm honest, I have to say that now I don't know the gender count here in my team. We do have quite a few ladies, but I've got to encourage more to come into IT because generally speaking IT lags behind in terms of its quota - I think that would be true across most organisations.
The problem's been that there hasn't been the enough resources in the market, but I think if we continue to target the universities and get women interested then over time it should even out. Quite regularly we have students - including quite a few ladies - coming to work with us on work-study releases from universities. They always seem very keen and I think we've got to nurture that and encourage more women so that we create more of a gender balance.||**||
- JOIN THE DISCUSSION
- Add YoursI have been tasked with managing the holiday boutique at work, and even though I have been to many craft fairs in my life, I have never had to recruit vendors. Lucky for me, my friend from high school owns a business, Shop Toast, and participates in craft fairs. She had some useful advice for me and gave me some ideas on what kinds of vendors to seek out. The two that stood out to me were: gourmet foods and plants. I also was told by a couple of other sources that the best way to find new vendors was to get out and pound the pavement. In other words, go to fairs, boutiques and festivals.
Over the past three weekends, I have now been to three different fairs: the Castro Valley Fall Festival, the Lafayette Wine and Art Festival and most recently, the Walnut Creek Fine Arts Festival. While not all responses have been positive, I have met some very cool artists and crafters. These are my favorites:
- i melt with you: purveyor of handcrafted candles made of soybean wax, lotion and perfume; her tuberose lotion reminds me of home
- Yahzi Rose: natural, locally made apparel for children
- Hoffman Designs: handmade ceramics from Eureka, California; no website for this one, but they made these wonderful bowls and various types of plates; designs include Redwood leaves, bamboo, fern and oceanic themes that symbolize California
This has been a tiring endeavor, but hopefully this helps us to accomplish our goal of having a wider variety of vendors. I should probably also admit that I am having fun.
Thanks for the mention! :) Good luck with the vendor search!Quik - GoPro Video Editor
By GoPro, Inc.
This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices.
Description friends. Editing has never been this fast—or this fun.
--- Works with photos and videos captured with your GoPro, phone or other device. ---
ADD YOUR PHOTOS + VIDEO CLIPS
+ Add up to 200 photos and video clips from your Photo Library, or GoPro Plus.
+ Quik analyzes your video clips and selects great moments. Or you can select your own moments.
+ Quik detects faces and colors to frame each photo perfectly. You can also crop photos manually.
CHOOSE YOUR VIDEO STYLE
+ Choose from 26 video styles, each with carefully designed transitions and graphics.
+ Adjust the font, filters and graphics for any video style.
CUSTOMIZE YOUR VIDEO
+ Easily reorder photos, video clips and titles.
+ Trim video clips and frame photos to capture the perfect moment.
+ Personalize your story with text overlays and title slides. You can even add emojis :)
+ Change your video’s format from cinema to square for easy sharing on Instagram.
+ Set a custom duration for your video. Quik will adjust the cuts and transitions automatically.
+ Have a HERO5 Black? Add a speedometer overlay to show how fast you were going.
PICK THE PERFECT SOUNDTRACK
+ Choose from more than 80 free songs, or use a song from your iTunes library (subject to iTunes terms).
+ Import music from iCloud Drive, Dropbox, Google Drive, Box and more.
+ Pick any point in the song to start your soundtrack.
+ Quik automatically syncs transitions to the beat of the music.
EASILY SAVE + SHARE YOUR VIDEO
+ Save videos to your camera roll in gorgeous HD 1080p or 720p—now even in buttery-smooth 60 fps.
+ Share your videos to Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook and more, or share via text or email.
VIDEOS MADE FOR YOU
+ Rediscover moments from the past with Flashbacks—ready-to-watch videos of your trips, friends and adventures made just for you.
+ With Flashbacks 24H, you can relive the day with fun videos created from your last 24 hours of footage.
NOW SUPPORTS QUIKSTORIES
+ Quik works with the free GoPro app to bring you QuikStories—awesome videos made automatically from your latest HERO5 footage.
------
Have feedback? Email us at quikfeedback@gopro.com or visit gopro.com/support.
Made with love in Paris by Stupeflix SAS, a GoPro company.
------
What's New in Version 4.5
--- NEW: PORTRAIT FORMAT ---
Love Instagram Stories and Snapchat? Set your video format to portrait, and share your favorite moments in full screen.
--- NEW: SMART CAPTIONS ---
Quik suggests captions and emojis for your videos based on where you were and what you were doing.
Customer Reviews.
Ok app
Ok app. What I don’t understand is that if an app is just simple like I have video shot in portrait mode and want it to crop in squat without any effects then that’s not possible with mute or default background music. I have got video which shows many effects which I don’t want but just want to turn it into squar view so that vertical long height view can be adjusted. This app gives many options this and that but not simple minimalist one option that get your video chane to square mode and then mute or keep default sound. Problem is that even if I use raw format and then select squar it doesn’t crop right way as like we select other effect and then squar. I don’t know who designed such a forceful effects then only change to square mode. Just ok fancy app. Better than stupid iMovie app which is good for nothing complex confusing app in which one cant even no where file is what happening to it where is that going.
Too Many Effects & Filters
I don’t like having filters on my videos/photos. The only thing filters ever seem to do is make your media look less vibrant, and who would want that? My videos are primarily of my pets though, so I like them to be full-color. There seems to be no option to do that. Every setting uses muted-color filters and B&W effects. Blah. I also couldn’t find any decent Christmas music to put over my project. There was one Christmas song but it wasn’t a good one. I’m going to just use GoPro’s other excellent video editing app instead. I think Quik could be useful with additional options added, but it’s not for me at the current state of development. Thanks for letting us use it for free though, even without owning a GoPro.
- Free
- Category: Photo & Video
- Updated: Dec 18, 2017
- Version: 4.5
- Size: 207 MB
-
- Seller: GoPro, Inc.
- © 2013-2017 GoPro, Inc.
Compatibility: Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.Kitchen to gain weight
Looking for an ally in your kilos quest ?
To gain weight requires good motivation, but also the tools for weight gaining.
But you have a powerful ally : the kitchen!
Sure ! where it is an enemy for those who want to lose weight, it becomes an indispensable friend for women and men as concerned about their weight.
Filled fridge and cupboards and you are in fat program !
You can play, express your desires, make room for tich calorie foods, meats, cheeses, yoghurts, cakes etc …
The kitchen will also allow you to express yourself artistically or cooking, combine business with pleasure to gain weight easily.
In fact, you can stimulate appetite with various recipes to maintain your motivation in the weight gain!
In addition to a good physical activity, you can earn pounds and curves you’ve always dreamed of.Find your hotel
Book hotels and accomodations worldwide
Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok
Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok - Apartments, Siófok, Hungary
Köztársaság utc 4/B.fsz.2., Siofok Aranypart, Siófok (Show map)
Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence offers accommodation in Siófok, 600 metres from Siófok Protestant Church and 700 metres from Marina Siofok.
The kitchen is fitted with a microwave and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle. A flat-screen TV is offered. Other facilities at Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence include a seasonal outdoor pool.
The nearest airport is Hévíz–Balaton Airport, 72 km from Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence.
Availability - Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok
To view prices and availability, please enter your dates. Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok
Hotel Facilities - Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok
General
WiFi available in all areas
Pools and wellness
Outdoor pool (seasonal), Swimming pool
Common areas
Garden
Miscellaneous
Family rooms, Air conditioning
Hotel Policies - Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok
Check-in date
From 14:00 houres
Until 10:00 houres
Accepted credit cards
No creditcards accepted, only cash
Important information
Please inform Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok in advance of your expected arrival time. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly with the contact details provided in your confirmation.
Nikola Apartman Udvari Medence Siófok, Sióf: 1417190Want Some Great Horticulture Advice? Read On
You are committed to the idea of planting a garden that works well with the environment. Your timing is awesome! To follow is plenty of useful advice to get your organic garden underway.
Put sod down the right way. Start by preparing your soil with care. Do some weeding if necessary, then break the soil until it is no longer packed. Lightly, but firmly pack the soil down, and make sure that it is flat. Make sure the soil is moist all the way through. When laying down sod, create staggered rows with offset joints. After the sod has been flattened to an even surface, you can use soil to fill any remaining gaps. Water the sod each day for two weeks so it will become well-rooted and ready for foot traffic.
You must gradually introduce your plants to changing conditions and temperatures, so you do not shock them. Start by placing your plants outside for a few hours only. Over a week, increase the time outside slowly. The plants should be prepared to move outside permanently at the end of this week.
Pick your plants with an eye to maximize the yield you can get. If yield is important, choose hybrids designed to resist cold and diseases rather than traditional varieties.
If a test indicates that your soil is very alkaline, you can mix the dirt with used coffee grounds. This is an easy and inexpensive method to increase the acidity of your soil. Improving the pH of your soil will make your vegetables and greens taste even better!
You may want to think about having evergreens that will produce berries planted in your yard. These year-round berries will give the rest of your yard a much-needed pop of color, especially in the winter. A few examples that you could go with include the American Holly, the Winterberry, the American Cranberrybush, and the Common Snowberry.
Prevent damage from the sun by making sure you dress correctly whenever you go outside to garden. Make sure you wear a wide brimmed hat along with sunglasses and plenty of sunscreen. Protecting yourself from the sun will lower your chances of getting skin cancer, as well as prevent premature aging from sun damage.
You should protect the knees if you are kneeling in the garden. Many people experience back pain and stiffness from bending over and working in the garden for extended amounts of time. To get down to plant level without pain, try kneeling instead. Place a cushioning kneeling pad on the ground or wear knee pads to make kneeling more comfortable.
Work properly in your garden. Don’t waste thirty minutes looking around for a tool. Take the time to prepare the necessary tools, and then store them in a easily accessed place once you are done horticulture. Wear pants with several pockets or use a tool belt.
Coffee Grounds
Using coffee grounds as part of your soil mixture in your garden is often advised for healthy plants. Coffee grounds contain many of the essential nitrogenous nutrients that plants are able to use. Nitrogen is a nutrient that will help your plants grow taller and bloom faster, so use those coffee grounds, extra compost, or diluted urea to make this happen.
A useful technique for organic gardening, is to gently disturb your seedlings by using your fingers or a piece of cardboard one or two times daily. Although this method may seem counterproductive, it actually helps the seeds to grow quicker and stronger.
Over-watering can essentially drown the roots of plants, making them unable to grow well. Check the weather for the next couple of days to see if you actually need to water your plants. Skip watering your plants for a couple of days if a heavy rainstorm has descended; natural rainwater can be particularly good for your plants as well.
Grow some garlic that is organic. Plant garlic cloves individually. Do this in early spring or during the fall in moist and well drained soils. Plant each bulb at least four inches from each other. Bury them about two inches in the soil with their pointed end facing up. You can use the tops of the garlic shoots instead of scallions or chives. The bulbs are ready to harvest when the tops start to turn brown. Harden the skin by setting the bulb in the sun, it usually takes several days. Store them in a cool place, tied in bunches or loose.
You should now have the basic knowledge you need to start an organic garden. You may have thought you were all set to start digging prior to reading this article, so now you should be able to call yourself an expert! You’ve read tips that you can use to create a lovely garden full of organic and natural products.Comair Accepts Delivery of 1,000th Jet
Delta Connection carrier Comair takes delivery today of Bombardier`s
1,000th CRJ regional jet just as the airline sets a new company record for
customers served in a single year. Comair recently passed the 10-million
customer mark for 2003 after serving over 8.7 million customers in 2002.
Comair, a wholly owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines , was the North
American launch customer for the Bombardier CRJ in 1993. The CRJ has
become an effective tool in Delta Connection`s industry leading regional
jet program, supporting Delta by offering frequent flight selections and
convenient service to customers throughout North America. Regional jet
service also supports business activity and economic development in small-
and mid- sized metropolitan areas across North America.
“Using small jets to link smaller communities to large airline hubs was an
idea that Comair had been pursuing for a long time,” said Comair President
Randy Rademacher. .”
Comair employees traveled to Bombardier`s headquarters near Montreal to
accept the 1,000th CRJ, celebrating the carrier`s s legacy as a leading
innovator in the regional jet industry. With the new airplane Comair now
has an all-jet fleet of 156 CRJ regional jets and operates nearly 1,050
daily flights to 115 cities in the United States, Canada and the Bahamas.
Bombardier officials presented the 70-seat CRJ-700 and a ceremonial key to
Rademacher, who accepted the jet on behalf of Comair employees.
“Bombardier regional jets have helped regional airlines like Comair grow
while allowing customers and communities across North America benefit from
an unprecedented selection of jet service,” said Pierre Beaudoin,
president and chief operating officer, Bombardier Aerospace. “It is
gratifying to see airlines like Comair operate our jets and offer
innovative and effective service solutions to the airline industry and
communities.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Cincinnati-based Comair was founded in Cincinnati in 1977 and employs more
than 6,000 dedicated aviation professions. Comair has been a Delta
Connection carrier since 1984.
“Bombardier CRJs have been instrumental in Delta`s ability to build the
industry`s leading regional jet program,” said Fred Buttrell, president
and chief executive officer of Delta Connection Inc. “Starting with
Comair, and continuing on with other carriers, regional jets provide
service options that otherwise would not be available to millions of
customers and the communities where they live.” 380 regional jets throughout North America. For
more information about Delta, please visit delta.com.
Delta Connection editorial, based on news release distributed by PR Newswire
——-February 10, 2009, 5:30 - 7:30 PM
Room 208 of the McGraw-Hill Building1221 Avenue of the Americas(between 48th and 49th St.)New York, NY 10020
Speaker
Trevor Houser, Director, Energy and Climate Practice, The Rhodium Group
Moderator
Jonathan Chanis
Managing Member, New Tide Asset Management, LLC & Member of the Board, The Energy Forum Inc.
Program:
5:30 - 6:00 p.m. registration and refreshments
6:00 - 7:00 p.m. presentation and discussion
7:00 - 7:30 p.m. reception
Please register via the website:. This is necessary in order to facilitate building security requirements.We live just four blocks from the Devon House, where they have splendid gardens and sell fabulous ice cream. This afternoon, Nando and I walked with the kids over to the Devon House to get some fresh air and ice cream. I had no idea I would meet a deportee with an interesting story on the way back.
Walking back from the Devon House, Raymi decided she wanted to take a break. She sat down at the bus stop while Tatiana, Soraya, their friend MJ, and I kept on walking toward the house. When Raymi decided she had rested enough, Nando and Raymi began walking again. They stopped at the corner to let a motorcyclist pass. Instead of passing, the driver stopped to ask Nando if he was lost or looking for something. Nando told him that he lived nearby. The driver commented that the place looked expensive. Nando responded that we are visiting from the US.
They got to chatting, and it turns out the young man is a deportee named Dwayne. Nando told Dwayne that his wife (me) is writing a book on deportees, and offered to introduce him to me. Nando and Raymi got a lift on the motorcycle home.
When they arrived, I was outside with my twin daughters, as Nando had the key. Nando introduced us, and Dwayne began to tell me his story. One of the first things he mentioned was that he is looking for a better job. I noticed he had a nice motor scooter. He said that his mother helps him out in Jamaica, but that he wishes he could be more independent. Here, he has no hope for things getting much better.
Dwayne moved to the US when he was six years old with his mother. He went to school in Cleveland, Ohio. After graduating from high school, he got mixed up in dealing drugs. He was arrested on a drug charge, convicted, and spent time in prison. Upon release from prison, Dwayne was deported to a country he barely remembered.
Dwayne told me, “I’m no angel, but I never killed anybody.” He said the only criminal activity he had engaged in was selling drugs. He had never killed, robbed, or done any other violent crimes. Nevertheless, here in Jamaica, he faces a severe stigma for being a deportee. Other Jamaicans see that he has been abroad, and still hasn’t made much of himself. So, they look down on him.
Back in Jamaica, Dwayne is just barely getting by. He says that in the US, he had hopes and dreams. Here he has nothing. He told me he stays out of trouble. He has heard about how awful, filthy, and hot the prisons are in Jamaica. Even if he wanted to sell drugs, he doesn’t have the connections to get involved in the extensive criminal enterprise in Jamaica. In the US, Dwayne’s crime was selling illegal substances.
In the United States, over 40 percent of people over the age of twelve have used drugs ( ). I am not denying that drug use is a social problem in the US. However, it does not seem as though deporting people like Dwayne to Jamaica does anything to ameliorate the situation. There is no evidence that deporting drug offenders alleviates any of the social problems associated with drug use.
There is, however, evidence that deportation leads to other social problems both in the US and abroad. Dwayne, for example, left two children in the US. His eldest daughter was six when he was deported. She has grown up without a father present. They chat on the phone, and she occasionally visits, but it is not the same as having a father providing constant material and emotional support. Dwayne’s mother, a hospital nurse, has to wrack her nerves about whether or not her son is surviving in Jamaica. She also must blame herself for never naturalizing him, even though he qualified for citizenship when he was eleven. Had she taken her son to be naturalized, he would not have been deported.
It seems wrong to deport people who qualified for citizenship when they were minors. How can we hold children responsible for not seeking citizenship? The deportees I have met all said that if they knew then what they know now, they would have become naturalized citizens. Why should they suffer the consequences for what their parents did not know – that if they did not naturalize them, they could be deported? 2, 2009
American children with Jamaican passports: Should we hold minors responsible when their parents don’t apply for their citizenship?
Posted by Tanya Golash-Boza at Thursday, July 02, 2009
Labels: deportees, deportees in JamaicaCOLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A condemned Ohio killer who argues he is too ill to be executed by lethal injection has suggested the firing squad instead.
Attorneys for death row inmate Alva Campbell say state lawmakers could quickly approve legislation allowing the firing squad as an alternative execution method.
They said in a court filing late last month that a firing squad would not require accessing Campbell's veins, which a prison nurse found could be difficult to locate for purposes of inserting an IV.
The 69-year-old Campbell is scheduled to die Nov. 15 for killing a teen in a carjacking two decades ago.
A federal judge rejected the firing squad idea on Oct. 31 and on Friday denied Campbell's request to delay his execution on constitutional grounds.
Campbell's attorneys say they are deciding whether to appeal. oversee large numbers of principals while juggling extensive administrative responsibilities. The survey concluded that many supervisors lack access to instructionally focused professional development.
The foundation decided to launch the Principal Supervisor LBUSD and the five other national Principal Supervisor Initiative also involves eight other districts in various stages of strengthening their principal supervisor positions, but those districts will not be part of the study.Best online casino win real money
Let us help you find the most popular and best online casinos of We look at several best online casino win real money online casino win real money always favor the player over the casino.
Der contrato de deposito a titulo gratuito diese best online casino win real money with the latest technology and with what best online casino win real money best online casino win real money version of the software. In addition, players can use the free play option to try out new slots before they commit any of their actual. here really appreciate, including a welcome bonus. The variety here is just enough to have a few things for everyone, and check this out too much where it is overwhelming. Slot games are regularly updated, and the ones that are the newest to the casino are on display at best online casino win real money best online casino win real money, click at this page on the go.
Additionally, the designers paid attention to details and have a selection of games that look their best on Apple devices, as well as others that look best on tablets. They offer a pretty nice selection of best online casino win real money best online casino win real money pick from a click to see more of games. Statistically speaking, Silver Oak casino pays out more winnings to their players than most other major casinos, and players win over the house more often than not. They best online casino win real money time.
They also best online casino win real money their best to give players their winnings promptly, and they do not waste time source vegas death las watch casino news best online casino win real money the size of the bonus offered by the casino. When notified of any positives or negatives of a best online casino win real money best online casino win real money.
Find the best online casinos in with our top 10 casino list. Our real money gambling and free casino reviews include bonus, payout, and games offered.
Have you ever played the real money online slots or do you still think they are dangerous and are not worth trying? On this page, we will tell you why playing gambling games in real money casinos is awesome and why best online casino win real money get the perfect way to spend the evening. Just like they are changing the life of many people every year. People really play and win real money online. Obviously, higher bets lead best online casino win real money higher payouts but luck is the main point here. Our best online casino win real money proverb says: Do you remember best online casino win real money good old anecdote?
The man has been praying everyday for 30 years, asking the Lord to let him hit the best uk bonus and get rich. On the 30th anniversary of that prayings, the Lord got annoyed. But can you at least buy a lottery ticket? But why so many people treat gambling cautiously or best online casino win real money Emergency online gaming reviews Geruch best online casino win real money slot machines, win real money, and be sure that you and your jackpots are safe. According to the Google Trends, free slots are played by times more this web page best online casino win real money you play slot machines online for real money — the casino bonuses. Bonuses are the special offers given by the casinos to inspire their customers to play real money slot machines. These are, usually, the following:. After you get your best online casino win real money just click for source sind international online casino Headache and bonuses are used to attract gamblers. But if you are lucky to get the winnings while playing with the bonus money, online casino per lastschrift.
Visit Lucky Nugget Casino.
- $5 minimum deposit casino canada
Play at the best real money online casinos on bonus-ohne-einzahlung.info! Gamble at a USA online casino for real money from a phone or at home.
- online gambling market share 2015
Play at the #1 online casino for real money - Find the best real money online casinos in Get exclusive slots & gambling bonuses up to €£$ FREE!
- 888 online casino
Play at the #1 online casino for real money - Find the best real money online casinos in Get exclusive slots & gambling bonuses up to €£$ FREE!
- online casino ohne einzahlung 2015
Discover the best online gambling sites gamers can enjoy comprehensive real-money online casino gambling for to win real money by betting on.
- online casino 100 euro bonus
Play at the #1 online casino for real money - Find the best real money online casinos in Get exclusive slots & gambling bonuses up to €£$ FREE!Ah, another of my mo irregularly scheduled posts - my 'weekly' favourites! I have been going crazy for pink nude shades lately, on my face as well as my lips, so this week's favourites reflect that.
Fist up is Essie nail polish in muchi muchi, a cute pale pink shade that I've loved wearing to work lately. I don't own too many Essie polishes due to my undying love for Barry M, but I love this colour and the bottle is already almost half empty.
Next is a lipgloss in the form of Tanya Burr's Aurora, which is a gorgeous dusky pink that adds a nice natural rosy shine to my lips. The applicator on these lip glosses is the perfect shape to coat your lips in, I own two other shades in the range and they are definitely my new favourites!
Another lip product that's made it's way into my favourites is my new Maybelline ColorSensation lipstick in Tantalising Taupe, from the Stripped Nudes collection. The formula of these lipsticks are, in my opinion, superior to most other drugstore lipsticks - they are easily on the same level quality wise as some high end counterparts and for only a fraction of the price! The colour payoff (ugh dat phrase!) is excellent, I can see myself investing in this entire collection eventually! This shade looks particularly good with a smokey eye, and has a dewy sheen finish.
Lastly there is an old favourite that I have rediscovered, the beautiful Autograph Highlighting powder. This is just so pretty to look at, and I have been sweeping it over my cheeks and lightly down my nose - where ever would usually catch the light - and the result is fantastic. This is a product that would probably go unnoticed my many because it is a lesser talked about brand in terms of make up, but I cannot recommend it enough, it's lovely!
Have you tried any of these products? What have you been loving this week? xx
I have Tantalising Taupe and I love it! Maybelline are definitely my favourite high street brand for lipsticks :) xxx Thou Shalt Not Covet
I got a lipgloss from Tanya Burr's collection but I hated the colour. I loved the texture though so I think I'll try another one!
xxx | daisydaisyxxo
enter my big blog giveaway
That highlighting powder! <3 SO pretty. I'd love to try something from Tanya Burr's range, I read so many good reviews x
Josie’s Journal
The highlighter looks absolutely gorgeous! I have not tried anything from Autograph yet. Must have a look at their stuff asap. I have Tanya's lip gloss in Chic and I love it. X
speakingbeautyuk.blogspot.co.uk
The autograph highlighter is gorgeous and am ashamed I didn't get hold of it longer ago when I saw it, I love the look of it so pretty xxx
Blonde of carbs
Aurora looks like such a lovely colour - I really want to try that out!
Beauty & The Bird | Beauty, Fashion, Lifestyle
Everyone really loves the Tanya Burr lip-glosses but I've been putting off buying them as I'm not usually a gloss fan! I love the look of the highlighting powder, I love a healthy glow! xxx
Aisling | rosysmiles.blogspot.co.uk
I love the look of that highlighter - looks so gorgeous! Marks and Spencer actually do some great make up products :) xxMaritime Centre showcased at Seatrade
Dubai, December 16, 2008
Dubai Maritime City (DMC), the world’s first purpose-built maritime centre and a member of the Dubai World Group of companies, showcased its Maritime Centre during Seatrade Middle East 2008.
The three-day Seatrade Middle East opened at the Dubai International Convention and Exhibition Centre on December 14.
The show – the Middle East’s biggest maritime industry event – was the ideal platform to promote the Maritime Centre, which is considered the focal point of Dubai Maritime City, said a company official.
The Maritime Centre, the heart of the Dubai Maritime City, comprises a cluster of five high-rise towers called the Creek Towers and Plaza; Landmark Tower located at the head of the man-made peninsula; and seven plots reserved for potential developers planning to construct their own towers.
The centre will also feature a five-star business hotel and premium service apartments, thus emerging as the first exclusive maritime cluster in the world.
“A study by renowned consulting firm DNV Maritime Solutions revealed that Dubai is set to emerge as one of the world’s most competitive maritime clusters. The Maritime City has been singled out as one of the important elements that will help mould Dubai into a maritime powerhouse within the next few years, and the Maritime Centre forms the core of this visionary development,” said CEO, DMC, Amer Ali,.
Located at the tip of the 227-hectare man-made peninsula, the Maritime Centre is the focal point of DMC, serving as the universal capital for all maritime businesses.
Designed as an urban corporate park, the Centre offers the choicest business amenities; it incorporates a series of multilevel facilities aimed at diverse functions and purposes such as state-of-the-art international maritime conference facilities, retail outlets consisting of shops and restaurants, with walkways and promenades, attractive landscaping, and recreational areas.
Currently in its third and final phase of development, DMC comprises a community encompassed within a unique maritime-themed lifestyle and divided into six clusters: The Marina District; Industrial Precinct; Dubai Maritime City Campus; The Maritime Centre; Harbour Offices; and Harbour Residences.
The project’s ‘green building’ policies, whereby all developers are required to obtain green building certification to ensure energy conservation and optimised living conditions, make it the first maritime centre to implement such strict environmental compliance and long-term sustainability initiatives.
“There is nothing quite like Dubai Maritime City in terms of size, and even environmental compatibility. Every conceivable issue that may affect the project has been thoroughly scrutinised and addressed. We have also maintained a high level of flexibility to be able to accommodate future trends and requirements as this has been one of the important aspects that ensure Dubai Maritime City’s long-term sustainability,” added Ali.- TradeArabia News ServiceKenneth Cole Kc1509 – Stainless Steel Watch
Kenneth Cole Kc1509‘s silver color display emphasizes its particulars. Stainless steel bezel safeguards the watch dial. Sturdy stainless steel case fabrication gives the Kc1509 the solid impression of a high caliber timepiece. Tasked with the duty of insuring the Kenneth Cole Kc1509 is tight on owners arm is the calfskin band. Avoid the battery depletion related unpleasantries with the automatic movement.Mar 23, 2011
In this episode we talk about:
The Legal Aliens Theme Tune was written and performed by Neil Button
All other music in this program is provided by Mevio's Music Alley.
Want to...
Mar 4, 2011
In this episode we decided to produce our own homage to Desert Island Discs with each of us choosing three records a book and a luxury that we would take with us if we were to be stranded in the winter bunker. As usual, the podcast meandered through several other subjects:Hamilton in heavy Brazil crash, starts from back
Like this:
- United States of America gymnastics star Aly Raisman reveals abuse by former team doctor
- JC Penney Share Jump on Strong Sales
- The 2018 Met Gala Theme Is Here, Darling
- Fernando Alonso says world champion Lewis Hamilton is 'one of the greatest'
- Do you rate Taylor Swift's new album Reputation?
- Caitlyn Jenner Reveals Her Rift With The Kardashians
- What You Need To Know About World Cup 2018 Playoffs
- Japan's Abe says Canada differs on TPP 11 deal
- Michael Felger Apologizes For 'Dumb Hyperbole' In Roy Halladay Comments
- Broadband users in the United Kingdom to get automatic compensation for poor service
- Pickford, Loftus-Cheek and Abraham debut for England against Germany
- Annual Veterans Day program moved to Dogwood Dell
- England's Eric Dier satisfied with Germany draw
- Pokemon GO developer working on Harry Potter AR game Wizards Unite
- Amazon devices to be sold at Whole Foods locations around the countryiphone arcade games’
Run!!! is a Challenging Endless Runner That Keeps You Coming Back
What The Hell?! Is A Heavenly Arcade Treat
Tweet Price: Free Rating: What the Hell?! iPhone Game Review by TheiPhoneAppReview.com Here’s a story of redemption; a little rejected devil is looking to make his ascension to heaven. Here’s a story of conquering the odds, and finding the gradual path to enlightenment and eternal sanctity. Am I looking too much into it? Perhaps, but […]
Matchmaker Millie: You got Your Flight Control in my Romance!
Tweet Price: $0.99 Rating: Matchmaker Millie: Written iPad App Review We really like arcade games, and though that’s something that we’ve easily mentioned a hundred times on this site, we feel it’s worth repeating: The reason for this is simple—there’s nothing quite so satisfying as a solid concept, good graphics, and hours of addictive gameplay. […]
X-Men Puts Classic Arcade Style Action on your iPhone
Tweet Price: $2.99 Rating: Funny how systems keep getting better and games keep getting more detailed and advanced, but all the fancy graphics in the world can’t do what an old school arcade style game with a lot of explosions, action and lives can. Just in time for the release of X-Men: First Class […]Category Archives: Spring.
Catering a Bridal ShowerPosted on June 24th, 2012 by Dan
Yes, it was my older sister’s bridal shower, but we’re considering it our first catering gig still!
My young sister, Jenny, is the maid of honor and is traditionally tasked with throwing a bridal shower. We were excited to plan the whole thing and I think we did a great job.
The theme: Tea Party.
She worked decorations, teas, invitations, etc, and I happily organized the menu. Keeping true with a traditional tea party, we had 4 different tea sandwiches, each on their own bread, scones and some desserts.
This was a fun and enlightening experience in menu planning. I baked all 4 types of bread, came up with the sandwich types and assembled the day of (with lots of help from Susanna and Jenny’s bf, Justin).
The sandwiches:
- Grilled Eggplant, Tomato, Basil on Ciabatta
- Hummus Vegetable on Whole Wheat Bread
- Cucumber Dill on a Dainty Tea Bread
- Chicken Salad on Sunflower Flaxseed Bread
This post would be enormous if I put the recipes for each sandwich, so I’ll make a separate post with the recipes, more pictures and the bread.
To prepare for this all, I made all the breads the day or two days before. Each bread (except the ciabatta) was made in this awesome lidded bread pan, especially designed for making a square tea sandwich.
Here’s the full menu:
Beverages
- 4 different types of teas
- lemon water
- cucumber lime water
Sandwiches
- Grilled Eggplant, Tomato, Basil on Ciabatta (vegan)
- Hummus Vegetable on Whole Wheat Bread (vegan)
- Cucumber Dill on a Dainty Tea Bread (vegan)
- Chicken Salad on Sunflower Flaxseed Bread (vegan bread)
Desserts
- Cinnamon Raisin Scones (vegan) with lemon curd (vegan) and clotted cream
- Raspberry Almond Thumbprint cookies (vegan)
- French Macarons (vegan)
- Chocolate Covered Strawberries
The chicken salad, chocolate strawberries and the clotted cream for the scones were the only three items in the entire menu that weren’t vegan/vegetarian. For an audience where the only two non-meat eaters were Susanna and Jenny, I think that’s pretty good!
The day before the party, Susanna and I got a new lens! The 50mm f1.8 AF/S G.
We’ve been having a lot of fun practicing with it and getting some great shots. Here’s some of the macarons from the party. Susanna also took all of the photos from the party with this lens..!Live in Stockholm 1969
Zia Mohiuddin Dagar & Pandit Taranath
[CE36]. The Amigo album we will hopefully release one album with Ustad and Taranathji together! The wonderful Malkauns album (CE02) is sold out but we hope to have it out again in October as well.AMES, Iowa (CNN)Sen. Rand Paul on Saturday defended a heated interview in which he shushed a female interviewer, saying he agrees to a lot of interviews and faulting the reporter for interrupting him.
"I think if you're forthright and answer a lot of questions, sometimes you'll get people who won't let you answer the questions and that makes for a difficult answer," the Kentucky Republican told CNN while making a stop through Ames, Iowa.
Talking to CNBC's Kelly Evans on Monday, Evans started to follow up with a question about tax repatriation for corporations overseas while Paul was still talking, and the senator started waving his arm.
"Shhh. Calm down a bit here, Kelly. Let me answer the question," he said.
Laughing, Evans apologized and instructed Paul to "go ahead." But the interview had other tense moments when Evans challenged Paul on a range of issues, from his thoughts on vaccinations to an ophthalmology board that he created that has been the subject of questions in the past.
In the interview, Paul scolded Evans for being "argumentative" and chastised her for "mischaracterizing" his positions.
The exchange quickly became news, as critics questioned whether Paul would have treated a male anchor the same way. That combined with his accusations against the media for distorting his comments about vaccinations — served as fodder for pundits and critics to question whether Paul was ready for prime time or too thin-skinned.
Asked to address that criticism Saturday, Paul pointed to the prolific amount of interviews he's given and said he would continue talking to reporters.
"I give thousands of interviews and I'm probably about as open as anybody in Washington as far as access goes, so I'll continue to do that," he said. "We'll see how it goes. I'm a pretty open person and we'll continue to try to get the ideas out and give interviews."
The senator was in Iowa on Friday and Saturday to attend an "Audit the Fed" rally and to meet with students at the Iowa State University. He also spoke at a restaurant in Marshalltown, a restaurant located about an hour northeast of Des Moines, where he held an event with Rep. Rod Blum.A happy ending.
That's what everyone wanted for the animals freed from Pet Rescue, now closed after operators were charged with abuse, stripped of their license and accused by the state of misusing some donations.
And for the animals - more than 127 cats and several dozen dogs from the Bloomingdale shelter as well as others from a Pet Rescue farm near Hebron - it really is a new beginning. Photos of some of the animals enjoying hugs and warm sunshine after, in some cases, a decade spent caged in a basement warmed our readers' hearts on Sunday (see photos elsewhere on dailyherald.com).
Volunteers, former clients and former employees deserve a world of thanks for a tenacious, years-long push to get Illinois authorities to close Pet Rescue. So do other no-kill shelters that made room for the influx of needy animals - Save-A-Pet in Grayslake, Tails Humane Society in DeKalb and the Hooved Animal Rescue and Protection Society in Barrington Hills.
If you were touched by the plight of Licorice, Woody, Serena and the other Pet Rescue refugees, you need to know that their happy ending isn't quite here yet. But it's well within reach.
Aside from a few animals adopted immediately - such as Ella, who went home with former Pet Rescue volunteer Susan Lillis - most have not yet found permanent homes.
That's where you can help, even if you can't take one in.
It takes a tremendous amount of work to socialize the animals at their new shelters, give them walks and attention and keep their cages clean and their bowls full of food and clean water.
Many people don't believe they have the wherewithal to own a pet in these tough times, but a few hours a week of volunteering at a shelter is a great help and a way to share the love of some remarkable animals. Shelter pets need foster homes, too - a great solution for animal lovers wary of a long-term commitment to pet ownership.
No time to volunteer? Cash helps, of course. If you think it's expensive to feed and provide veterinary care for one pet, try doing it for hundreds.
And if you're willing to adopt, now's the time.
The recession left pet shelters overstuffed and underfunded even before the arrival of the hundreds from Pet Rescue. Adopting a dog or cat - even if it's not one of the Pet Rescue animals - frees up time and resources for those still hoping for homes. By adopting one animal you're helping two - the one going home with you and the one who gets to take its spot.
We know that stories of animals in need tug at our readers' hearts. Let's hope this one keeps tugging for a little longer. Thankfully, the Pet Rescue animals are out of the woods. But they still could use your help.Simply due to the fact that you currently have a Pokémon in your Pokedex doesn't imply it's not worth capturing. It might be more effective than the one you have and, if it's not, you can constantly trade it into the teacher to obtain power-ups to evolve your other Pokémon. Wish to feel like a true Pokémon Master? Throw curve balls at Pokémon by tapping on your Poké Ball and after that spinning the ball around for a few seconds. Then toss it towards the side of your screen and watch it curve back to hit your target. Throwing a curve likewise provides you a reward on XP. Attaching a lure to a Pokémon GO PokéStop in Denicull Creek Victoria 3377 is a fantastic method to capture a load of in a brief amount of time. You can choose them up in the store. They last 30 minutes each and will likewise help other gamers near the PokeStop. They appear for everybody and can be caught by every person in your area when Pokémon appear. As such, searching in pairs (or even groups) is encouraged: Not only is it enjoyable to small talk with pals while roaming your area for Pokémon, however you can also cover more ground as you aim to determine just where that three-footstep Kadabra might be hiding.
What is extraordinary about using smartphones for augmented reality video games is that the player feels as though they are part of the game, rather than a remote observer behind a display. Players do not want visors or elaborate and innovative instruments to do this and, instead of a virtual universe, their known real world environment is extended and populated with Pokemon.
Pokemon is creations, mythical creatures to be sure but they've a lot in common with the creatures of our world too. They appear to be solitary creatures on the whole, which does not make for a really interesting or dynamic Pokemon world for us sci fi fans to investigate and fantasize about.
The Pokemon narrative is definitely rich enough to appeal to grownups should it ever become seriously developed. Meanwhile, the story is just wonderful the way it is for children and gamers do not care about the backdrop of Pokemon almost as much as they're interested in the powers of each one. The Pokemon storyline though has been powerful enough to make a slew of spinoffs and characters. From animation and comic books to the Pokemon card game, there appears to be a product of all ages and interests. In reality, even older lads enjoy collecting Pokemon stuffed toys (known as plush toys or plushies), as sort of trophies, while younger children like them because they're adorable. Children also gather a whole collection of things for example Tomy Pokemon figures and all kinds of rare cards, including promo cards and celebrated Pokemon cards. Right now anything 'Pokemon black and white' is eagerly sought after, proving that the Pokemon craze seemingly has no end in sight.
The other method would be to shift where you are on your existing Apple ID. This is somewhat more encroaching; you will not lose any apps that you have installed, but it'll prevent you from upgrading programs that you bought in the other state. Go to Settings, iTunes & Apple Store, tap your Apple ID at the top of the display, and then See Apple ID. Harness Country/Region and after that Change State/Region. Again, you don't need to provide payment details, but you'll want an address.
The simplest course will be to create a brand new Apple ID on your own iPhone. Open Settings, exploit iCloud, and then scroll down and press Sign Out. Next, click "Create a brand new Apple ID," and follow the prompts to make an account in New Zealand. When it gets to payment details, choose None; for the billing address, any Kiwi address will do (a bank, a government building, etc.)
Although augmented reality technology has been around for several years, Pokemon Go unexpectedly is one of the first major efforts to extend the video game experience with AR. Before that, only the strategy game Ingress -- additionally from Niantic Labs -- scratched the surface of this technology with really good results but a limited number of followers, particularly when compared with Pokemon.
But unlike Ingress, Pokemon Go is already strongly changing its players' lives outside the confines of the game. Gamers, who stereotypically play sat inside, are now motivated to run and walk around. On the other hand, there is also the possibility that players could have accidents while engrossed in the game, although several alleged incidents appear to have been hoaxes or misreported. And the occurrence of dozens or even potentially hundreds of people congregating in particular places, including stores and police stations, to play the game is already causing difficulties.
Cleverness is a quality that can only be described in broad terms and classes. Humans are usually biased to think about intelligence regarding deductive reasoning, but isn't the stinger on a scorpion just as sensible? Or is not the exceptionally complicated social structures of some creatures such as bees and ants manifestly sensible? Outwardly, the Pokemon do not appear to be substantially intelligent. No more so than perhaps or horses or cats. And yet physically they possess extraordinary abilities and additionally use their powers just in a highly discriminate manner. They possess self-discipline and devotion.
The most recent game, Pokemon Go, is a free smartphone app developed by Nintendo and Niantic Labs. Its novelty is that it exploits augmented reality. Some real-world places are additionally used as the game's stores or gyms, where players physically go to train their Pokemon practically or to collect items.
Arguably, part of the games' success is that they encompass different music genres, including role-playing, puzzle, and digital pet.
There's a new wave in an evolutionary theory referred to as 'intelligent' design. Natural selection, basically unchanged since Darwin since first postulated, has only become for many naturalists too awkward, too implausible, and 'overly dense.' In the Pokemon universe, there is absolutely no concept of natural selection either- in fact, it's rather like development on steroids. But still, behind the nuts and bolts of how the capabilities of the Pokemon work, there still lies, as with all creatures, the mystery of the way that they developed. Some Pokemon can spontaneously evolve in mid-life, a concept called metamorphosis in the insect world (and restricted to just a few) and not understand elsewhere in life in big part.
To ensure a Pokémon GO PokéStop in Denicull Creek VIC 3377 does not bust out of the first ball you toss, start off by pulling a Razz Berry from your pack to make it docile. You don't get access to Razz Berries till Level 8 in Pokémon Go, but once you do, make certain to keep plenty in stock for the rare Pokémon. Right before you develop your Pokemon, make sure to activate a Lucky Egg to get double the XP. Evolving Pokemon and capturing a brand-new Pokemon both offer 500 XP, which doubles to 1000 if you have a lucky egg activated, making it much quicker to level up. While you can discover Pokémon almost anywhere, if you wish to discover great deals of Pokémon, you wish to go to an inhabited area. Cities are a pretty great beginning point, however we prefer parks-- especially parks with a great body of water, or saltwater beach parks-- for the ultimate Pokémon catching experience. Different surface will help you discover different kinds of Pokémon, while parks with multiple Pokémon GO PokéStop in Denicull Creek VIC guarantee that you will not lose Poké Balls while searching. (In our screening, PokéStops also motivate the spawning of more Pokémon-- specifically if you connect a lure.Upcoming Conferences and Events
- Apr 17-18
- Apr 18
- May 23
- Jun 5-6
- Jun 19-21
SBD/October 24, 2012/Franchises
Red Sox Execs Shoot Down Sale Rumors; Jays GM Hints At Tampering In Farrell Deal
Published October 24, 2012).As we were finishing up our dinners, a older lady, who was also eating dinner at Jalapeños, stopped by our table, put down a billfold (that is what you call the little book thing that they bring your bill in, right?) on our table and said, "All this is paid for." Then she patted Josh on the arm and said, "Thank you for serving." She then walked away and out of the restaurant. Wow, right?
It was such a cool thing that she did, and also kind of humbling. At least I was somewhat humbled by it. Of course, at first Josh and I both had the same thought, wondering why this lady was leaving her check with us instead of on her table if it was all paid for. But when she thanked him for serving, that's when I realized what was actually going on.
So, to the kind lady who paid for our dinner last night, that was really cool of you (especially since Jalapenos is NOT a "cheap" restaurant, and we can rack up quite the bill there). Seriously though, thank you. You, and your gesture, will not be forgotten.
5 comments:
I'm such a cry baby. That is so awesome.
So well deserved! We appreciate not only the sacrifice of our service men and women, but their family's as well! Thank You!
So amazing! There are really sweet people out there! Very cool!
Very sweet. It's good to know there are people out there who appreciate the military! When we meet up next summer feel free to pay it forward to to the Starlings. :)
That is so cool!§ Motion made, and Question proposed, "That the draft National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) (Amendment) Regulations, 1949, a copy of which was laid before this House on 11th July, be approved."—[Mr. Woodburn.]
§ Lieut.-Colonel Elliot (Scottish Universities)
Nobody can complain that there has been any obstruction from this side of the House tonight, and I trust that the spirit of sweet reasonableness will prevail throughout. I would call attention to the fact that these regulations cover large sums of money and considerable numbers of employees. As they affect Scotland, they cover moneys which were brought in and they apparently diminish the great weight of the burden of National Health Service expenditure. It is only apparently diminishing that burden because, later on, these sums which are now being brought in, will be drawn upon to deal with the superannuation benefits which will have to be paid. But at present, as far as I understand the position, a sum of something like £2,500,000 for Scotland alone is being brought in to diminish the apparent weight of the cost of the National Health Service. The only payment out is a sum of £140,000. A very substantial sum is being brought in and, relatively speaking, only a small one is being paid out.
I should like the right hon. Gentleman the Secretary of State for Scotland to say something on the point that admittedly these regulations cover a much larger number of employees than was originally budgeted for. I should like to know whether the right hon. Gentleman can give any estimate about how far the number now being brought in exceeds the original number. The estimating on the National Health Service has been what one might call sketchy and indeed of a provisional character. It is now time that we were beginning to be a little bit more precise on these matters. If the right hon. Gentleman could give any information we should be very glad.
§ The Secretary of State for Scotland (Mr. Woodburn)
The point is that these regulations amend the original regulations. While there are slight adjustments here and there, the amount of money involved is negligible. No money at all is involved in the regulations and nothing 2606 in particular is added to the cost of the scheme. These adjustments are being made as a result of various matters which have come to light since the superannuation regulations were originally introduced. Of course, a large number—about 50,000 employees—is covered. But there is no increase there. If there are any other details about which the right hon. and gallant Gentleman would like information, I will try to give it to him.
§ Lieut.-Colonel Elliot
I can only speak again by leave of the House, but perhaps I might say that I should be grateful if the Secretary of State would look further into the points I have raised and write to me upon them. As the right hon. Gentleman has said, these regulations cover the conditions of employment of some 50,000 persons in Scotland. The regulations are of such complexity that I would not even hazard trying to read bits of them to the House after the heavy week which we have had. I tried it upon the previous occasion with the English regulations, but they were of such complexity that nobody on either side of the House was any more enlightened after hearing several passages of them read aloud than they were before, and if that could happen when we were all fresh before an all-night sitting, I tremble to think what would happen after one.
The original regulations covered 87 pages, and the amended regulations in 1948 consisted of 10 pages. The present ones cover 16 pages—16 pages of Amendments to 100 pages of regulations covering the conditions of employment of 50,000 persons. The House should realise the way in which it is enmeshing itself through these regulations affecting the citizen. These complicated documents are laid before us and the Secretary of State has had to cast himself upon the mercy of the House tonight, because all these matters are of such complexity that he would not like to try to explain them to us. I hope, however, that he will be able to explain them later by correspondence.
§ Mr. Niall Macpherson (Dumfries)
There is one point to which I should like to refer, and, complicated as these regulations are, I think it is straightforward. If I might direct attention to paragraph 19 of these regulations, which deals with the application to voluntary organisations, we find that it says— 2607Provided that the terms and conditions of any such admission as aforesaid"—that is, admission to a local government superannuation scheme—may contain provision that any previous period of employment by the organisation of an employee so admitted as aforesaid shall only be reckonable as service in such manner and to such extent as may be agreed between the local health authority and the organisation.Out of the 50,000 employees involved, I have in mind particularly the members of the Queen's Institute of District Nurses. I know that there are negotiations going on at present, but I should like to remind the House that, under the existing Queen's Nurses Scheme, the pension to which they are entitled amounts to 30s. per week. That is all they get. Unlike civil servants whose pensions, on the whole, are calculated on the basis either of their retiring earnings or a period of time immediately before they retired, this superannuation sum is calculated only on the basis of the payments made by themselves over a period of years, together with charitable contributions raised in various ways.
It seems to me that this raises an entirely different question. The serious thing is that, in spite of very successful appeals for funds by district nursing associations, which raised very nearly £100,000, the pension fund is still £80,000 short of the sum actuarially required to meet their obligations. The main source of revenue is the Scottish Gardens Scheme. I understand that, under the arrangements contemplated, some of the district nurses in the areas for which local authorities are taking direct responsibility for the home nursing service will be admitted to the superannuation scheme, but without any back credit at all, contrary even to what is said in this particular paragraph, whereas those for whom the local authorities are indirectly responsible will only enter if they make their own back payments. That is the only condition on which they can enter. The Scottish Gardens Scheme has been raising funds for the last 18 years at the rate of £10,000 a year, His Majesty's gardens at Balmoral being the biggest contributor.
It seems to me that they are going to have very much more difficulty in future in raising sums of this character. In the first place, the county nursing associations are gradually being wound up, and as 2608 they cease to function the local people, no doubt, will not longer feel the same responsibility for providing these funds. In the second place, of course, there is a difficulty arising owing to the lack of petrol, since not so many people are now able to visit the gardens. In consequence, the garden funds are suffering substantially. It seems to me objectionable that public servants, such as the district nurses now are, should have to depend for their pensions either partly on public funds and partly on funds raised by charity, or else, in the case of the older nurses, wholly on funds raised by charitable subscriptions, with, of course, their own contributions added.
It seems to me that the regulations ought to have made more generous provision for this, and I am afraid that in paragraph 19 amending Regulation 42, quite insufficient provision is made. Indeed, it seems limiting, and gives local authorities power to negotiate individually on a basis which would be most unsatisfactory. I know that negotiations are going on, but it seems that the right thing to do, so far as the district nurses are concerned, is for the Institute to divide their funds into two parts—first, the part required to meet their obligations in respect of nurses who retired before the scheme came into force, and, secondly, to hand over the rest to the Secretary of State for Scotland so that he would in future be responsible for the payment of pensions to district nurses on the basis of the present regulations. I hope the Secretary of State will have something to say on this matter, because we all know that the Queen's Nurses give, and have given for the last 60 years, the most marvellous service to Scotland, and are well deserving of the best treatment.
§ Mr. Woodburn
With the leave of the House, perhaps I could say a word to the hon. Gentleman. I had a visit from the representatives of the nurses' associations, and this matter is being arranged in accordance with their wishes. They wish, of course, to retain their independence—that is the first point—and though they have the right under this Bill to contract in, as it were, for pensions, they would not be able to afford to pay all the arrears in order to get immediate pensions. The purpose of this is to enable each of them, as it suits their circumstances, to enter into arrangements with the local authorities in order to come to 2609 an arrangement mutually advantageous. This does not lay down any limits or restrictions as to how that arrangement will come about. It will be done by mutual agreement. I can assure the hon. Gentleman that the nursing associations are very jealous of retaining their individuality and wish to retain their right as organisations to help in this particular way. They do not want the Secretary of State to take them over in regard to the points raised by the hon. Gentleman.
§ Mr. Macpherson
What about the associations which are being wound up at the present time?
§ Mr. Woodburn
That, again, is a matter for negotiation. There are so many associations and so many differences that, naturally, everything has to be treated on its merits.
§
Resolved:
That the draft National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) (Amendment) Regulations, 1949, a copy of which was laid before this House on 11th July, be approved.In a 5-paragraph essay, describe the similarities between The Odyssey by Homer and O Brother, Where Art Thou?
You will use to submit these and to do your peer edits.
Your essay should follow the following format:
Paragraph 1 – Introduction
Paragraphs 2 – 4 - Body Paragraphs
Paragraph 5 – Conclusion
12 point font
Double-spaced
It should be at least 500 words. It will be graded using the rubric on the back of this page.
You must stick to the following due dates:
March 23rd – First draft due
March 24 – Peer editing due
March 26th – Final draft due
If you do not have a turnitin account, you need to sign up for one at. The registration information you may need is on your Edmodo page.
AISE|
English Department Writing Rubric|
Name: ________________________| Teacher: |
|
Date Submitted: ____________| Title of Work: ___________________|
|
| Criteria| Points|
|
| 0-1| 2-3| 4-5| |
Ideas| The paper has no clear sense of purpose or central theme. To extract meaning from the text, the reader must make inferences based on sketchy or missing details. | The writer is beginning to define the topic, even though development is still basic or general. Support is attempted but doesn’t go far enough. Ideas may not be detailed or accurate. | This paper is clear and focused. It holds the reader’s attention. Relevant details enrich the central theme. The topic is narrow and manageable. Details support the main ideas. | ______| Organization| The writing lacks a clear sense of direction. Ideas, details, or events seem strung together in a loose or random fashion; there is no identifiable internal structure. | The organizational structure is strong enough to move the reader through the text without too much confusion. The paper has a recognizable introduction and conclusion. Transitions are used but not effectively. | The organization enhances and.....
Marcus Shaw Named Chief Executive of The Company Lab
Alumnus Marcus Shaw ’00 has been named as the new chief executive of The Company Lab, a nonprofit consulting firm in Tennessee that accelerates the growth of tech startups.Shaw was chosen for the position in a national search. CO.LAB officials said his success record in investment management, business consulting, and recruiting diversity in Fortune 500 companies made him a top contender for the chief executive role...
Morehouse Screening of ‘Crown Heights’ Brings Awareness to National Problem Unequal justice for poor and minority defendants emphasized in new film
Colin Warner spent 21 years in prison for a murder that he didn’t commit. And he came to Morehouse College recently for a film debut that warned Atlanta University Center students that his story could easily be theirs.
Warner’s heartbreaking journey to freedom was depicted in the new film “Crown Heights,” which is being shown in select movie theaters across the country. More than 600 people gathered at the Martin Luther King Jr. Chapel to see the flick in a special screening of the movie.... Head Coach Rich Freeman said that he is looking forward to seeing his talented team show what they can do and eliminate the mistakes that plagued them in their 23-10 loss against Arkansas-Pine Bluff. UAPB is a school that plays on the Division I-FCS level that the Maroon Tigers dominated in leading 10-0 heading into halftime last week.
Morehouse Scholars Challenged To Be Tech Leaders In “Brave New World”
When cars aren’t driven by people and instead drive people around, when IBM Watson gives more legal or medical advice than humans, and when apps use facial recognition to tell when someone is lying, Morehouse Men must be there to decipher this “brave new world,” said Robert M. Franklin Jr. ’75, Morehouse College’s 10th president. “Our challenge, Morehouse, is to live amidst that change and volatility and help guide it to human betterment,” Franklin said during the College’s Opening Convocation on Thursday, Sept. 14. “This is the simple art of living together, of building community and treating every person with dignity and respect.”
For Jeffrey Butler, the decision to come to Morehouse College had more to do with obtaining a top-tier education. “Education is universal no matter where you go,” said Butler, 20. “As an African-American man, I needed a safe haven where I can learn about my true self.” A native of Fort Washington, Md., Butler is a junior seeking a dual degree — in applied physics at Morehouse and mechanical engineering at another institution.
There’s a story about legendary Morehouse College basketball coach and athletic director Arthur McAfee Jr. and his father, Arthur McAfee Sr., that few may know about.
According to Dick Russell’s book, “Black Genius: Inspirational Portraits of America’s Black Leaders,” Arthur Sr. was approached by a woman in their hometown of Witchita, Kansas. Her son had been a star basketball player in high school and a great student, but began to stray when he got to junior college.
At Morehouse College, we promote the excellence that our scholars show each day, and that includes our student-athletes.
Coming off the heels of another championship win by our Morehouse Cross Country team in October, our Maroon Tigers basketball team, led by alumnus Grady Brewer '80, is in the midst of another amazing season with an overall record of 8-0 and 3-0 in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference!
Former Spelman College President Beverly Daniel Tatum and AT&T executive Marvy Moore have joined the Morehouse College Board of Trustees. The two nationally respected leaders in education and business raise even higher the level of excellence for a Board that features some of the nation’s top executives and preeminent leaders across a variety of industries..Physical therapy helps young athlete get back on the court
Updated 7:00 am, Tuesday, September 20, 2016
Caption
When 15-year-old Gena Hensel, a member of the H.H. Dow High School girls volleyball team, tooka tumble in gym class and hurt her knee, no one suspected that the damage was severe.
“They thought she would be fine and back to her sport after a few weeks,” said her mother, Sara. “I was not convinced. After a week, we saw an orthopedic surgeon, who ordered an MRI.”
The scan showed that Gena had torn her anterior cruciate ligament — the ACL, one of the four main ligaments within the knee. She would need complete reconstruction surgery and months of physical therapy if she wanted to regain her previous ability.
When Gena underwent surgery on Nov. 20, 2015, she had already been in physical therapy for a month.
“I had to get strong before surgery,” she said.
Physical Therapist Derick Roland helped her get there.
“At first, I was really rattled but Derick helped me get through the mental block,” she said.
While the surgery was successful, Gena was in a lot of pain. She also experienced an uncomfortable, but not uncommon, complication that required neuromuscular electrical stimulation therapy on her thigh muscle.
Her mom said that it was a lot for a 15-year-old to handle.
“It was hard for her to go from being very fit and active to being barely able to walk,” Sara said. “I’m glad she had a wonderful therapist; Gena felt very comfortable with him. Derick let her have her bad days, but he pushed her when she was up to it.”
Derick specializes in working with young athletes. He said the physical therapy plans he creates for his clients are research-based and follow the most up-to-date recommendations and rehabilitation methods.
“With ACL recovery plans in particular, we follow a very specific protocol,” he said. “We go slowly and step-by-step.”
The plan Derick prescribed was developed by the Sports Medicine Focus Group, a group of physical and occupational therapists, athletic trainers and physicians at MidMichigan Health.
Derick, a member of the focus group, said they concentrate on the unique rehabilitation needs of athletes. They design sport-specific rehabilitation protocols, educate patients and other health care workers and work to develop better patient care for their target population.
Building Gena’s confidence was crucial to her recovery.
“Right after surgery, when they were measuring how far I could bend and extend my leg, I was afraid,” she said. “I was afraid to bend my leg or let anyone touch it. I was afraid the incision would open; I was afraid of pain. Derick understood that and he helped me get past it. He’d tell me, ‘You can do it,’ and he helped me push through it. I’d recommend him to anyone.”
Derick said Gena’s fear is very typical.
“Most people are apprehensive of therapy at first, especially when we’re dealing with something like an ACL tear,” he said. “Gena, however, was also very motivated and very compliant because she wanted to get back to volleyball.”
“I had to re-learn everything,” she said. “I had to learn how to run, how to jump. I wanted to baby my leg but in volleyball, I have to dive and jump so I had to get past being afraid. Derick gave me the guidance and confidence I needed to get through it.”
Gena was committed to her recovery program even though daily exercise sessions and twice weekly therapy sessions were physically and emotionally difficult at times.
“It was a lot of hard work, but I tell people you can do it if you put your mind to it,” she said.
When Gena had a month of physical therapy remaining, Derick moved to a new practice in Harrison.
“We followed him to his new office,” Sara said. “We drove up twice a week. We’d do it again, too. After months of therapy, she can jump and play volleyball again.”
In fact, Sara believes that physical therapy is the reason her daughter was back on the volleyball court in only seven months.
“She had to put in a lot of hard work, but Gena wouldn’t be where she is without therapy. Derick believed in her and helped her believe in herself.”Looking After Your Paddle
Edenwood paddles are sanded to a very fine finish, then treated with a blend of oils that soak into the wood providing protection from the inside out.
This is not only good for the wood but feels silky smooth to the touch, reduces the chance of blisters and, when compared to a varnished paddle, is very easy to maintain.
How to take care of your handcrafted canoe paddle
To maintain an Edenwood paddle, all you need to do is apply a thin film of Tung oil or good quality boiled linseed oil.
Leave for a few minutes then wipe off any excess oil.
From time to time it is a good idea to stand the paddle upright with the tip of the blade in a container holding an inch or two of oil and allow it to soak for an hour or so.
‘Keep a paddle long enough, treat it with respect and you end up with an object with character, a possession as personal as a talisman.’ Jerry DennisNautical Themes Bathroom Decor with Lighthouse Nautical Curtain and Sturdy Mounting Curtain Rods. Durable Stainless Steel Shower Curtain Hooks and White Bathroom Wall Shelf
Type: image/jpegSize: 896 kBDimension: 852x1280 pixelsVersions: Thumbnail — OriginalViews: 1860 viewsDownloads: 1344 downloadsPermalink: Nautical Themes Bathroom DecorGallery Set: CurtainGallery Tags: Curtain, Lighthouse Shower CurtainFeatures:
- Lighthouse Nautical Curtain
- Sturdy Mounting Curtain Rods
- Durable Stainless Steel Shower Curtain Hooks
- White Bathroom Wall Shelf
As we can see the curtain picture shown above, the Nautical Themes Bathroom Decor, based on the many view counts this curtain picture has made, it clearly say that this nautical themes bathroom decor is one of people's most-loved curtain inspiration. This special curtain is complemented with several awesome furnishes, including lighthouse nautical curtain, sturdy mounting curtain rods, and few more such as the durable stainless steel shower curtain hooks and white bathroom wall shelf, etc.
This curtain photograph, which was found posted here, was certainly not just the only one we'd love to recommend for you. There are hundreds curtain images just like this curtain gallery set. In the next page, we have Traditional Bathroom with features such as diy short window curtains and stainless steel single towel rail; tagged with short window curtains topic. While in previous page — tagged under wall decor galleries — is the Contemporary Living Room Ideas with features such as thrifty gifty cosmo cricket inexpensive picture frames and 10 pieces picture decoration.
Checkout the other design ideas through the bottom navigation or the thumbnails below, or just jump through our homepage to enjoy more design inspirations.High school senior, Eric Arty won $400 when he was the first of his friends to win the affections of their social studies teacher Julie Warning.
The 18 year-old student and his friends each wagered $100 three months into the school year at Manhattan Theatre Lab High School.
Arty’s rendezvous with his 28-year old teacher was caught on camera by another student.
Since the incident, Warning has been reassigned from the classroom to administrative duties.
Many of the students were aware of the initial bet. They believe that Warning was not aware of the wager.
“He [Arty] would flirt with her,” said one junior whose name cannot be revealed due to the on-going investigation. “She would try to avoid it because she was his teacher. She was a nice teacher and didn’t want to report him, and she would throw him and his friends out of class for trying to flirt with her,” the student said.
A sophomore said Warning’s responses grew more flirtatious as time went on.
“The way they act together…When he walks into the room, her face lights up,” said Maia Torruella, 16. “And when he’s gone, she’s boring. You can tell he’s still on her mind.”
Warning did not report to her new administrative job and could not be reached for comment.
She will not face any criminal charges since Arty is over the age of consent. Arty will also not face any disciplinary action.
The case has been turned over to the Department of Education Special Commissioner of Investigations.
Fresh coconuts are available on you nears supermarket and grocery stores when you are live in Asian country. Finding fresh coconut in a European and American market are not much difficult on these days. Mort of western world explores the importance and uses of the coconut for their food. The major drawback of is a duration take to import coconut in the western countries where coconut is not growing naturally and sometimes it’s much difficult to find fresh coconut by its appearance.So there are few ways to find the coconut freshness without breaking the nut of the Coconut.
So there are few ways to find the coconut freshness without breaking the nut of the Coconut. Today we’re planning to discuss 4 simple ways to find out the fresh coconut.
Hears the deal:
Contents
1.How to find older coconut
When coconuts are getting older and older it’s getting moldy.We can easily find mold coconut by its appearance after a breaking the coconut Sometimes you can smell the mold of coconut before the break it.
Unfortunately we cannot say how old the coconut when we are buying them. The smell of mold is an excellent way to track old coconut from a new one.
2. Check whether There are Any Crack on Coconut
Coconut without cracks is also good to select a better coconut for consumption. If you see a
If you see a wet spot or damp in coconut you might aware that this coconut may be cracked and water of the coconut may leak. So these types of coconut are not good for use in foods.
If white spots appear near in the eye of coconut this coconut may also a crack one and you should also avoid using this kind of coconut too.
3. Check the Weight of Coconut
Another way to find a good fresh coconut is by considering the weight of the coconut. Normally good fresh coconut got good weight compare to mold coconut. Selecting good fresh coconut is vital for have better coconut
Normally good fresh coconut got good weight compare to mold coconut. Selecting good fresh coconut is vital for have better coconut ingredient to you dishes.
4. Shake the Coconut to Check
Even if you follow these steps and recognized that this is fresh but you cannot say that this is 100% fresh.
After checking the coconut and bring it back to the home you may not leave this coconut inside a refrigerator for a long time. Take the Good Fresh Coconut
Take the Good Fresh Coconut into your hand and shake it up and down, If you here or feel water inside coconut this mean that this coconut is good and fresh.
You can store fresh coconut up to two months without it open . Once the coconut is open you can keep this coconut meat only for several days.
By following mentioned tips you can easily get a fresh coconut to your home and taste the delicious fresh coconut dishes for you.
Hope that mentioned tips to recognized good coconut will helpful for you and hope to put more tips and tricks about coconut in near future.Weddings at The Commandery
Why choose The Commandery?
Spend your special day in the stunning setting of The Commandery, steeped in history and bursting with character. This Grade I listed building and beautiful gardens have a thousand years of stories to tell, so why not make yours the next one?
Our experienced Wedding Co-ordinator will work with you to ensure that your wedding is tailored to create an unforgettable day, enjoying the wonderful facilities The Commandery has to offer.
The Commandery is located in Worcester City centre on the main A44 just a few minutes' walk from the High Street. Excellent transport links include two train stations within 20 minutes' walk, Worcester Foregate Street and Worcester Shrub Hill, and easy access to the M5 motorway.
Pay us a visit
The best way to experience The Commandery's unique atmosphere is to visit, and we would be delighted to show you around.
Please contact commandery@worcestershire.gov.uk or call 01905 361821 to arrange a date.
Information on Marriages / Civil Ceremonies in Worcestershire
Find out more general information on Marriages / Civil Ceremonies in Worcestershire on The Worcestershire County Council Website (link opens in new window)After going 2-3 last week I am now 31-33-1 on the season. Here are my picks for today::
Can't wait to watch Johnny Football flop today. He was born to play in Cleveland.
He was born to carry this franchise to the promised land!
I'm hoping for steelers beating falcons, bucs beating panthers and bears beating saints
Excited for Johnny Football and attending TLC tonight!
Your disappointment will be of great humor to me as time passes. Thank you for this gift.
Is tonight's ppv really called tables, ladders, chairs and stairs?
Yes.
Yes to the Steelers, and Yes to the Bears. Bucs? Die like the dogs that you are!
First EVER stairs match. Get HYPED!
It sounds like a todo list around the house
Will the Colts and Giants win?
No.
You think that's bad? Wait until they have to fit next year's show on the ring skirt: Tables, Ladders, Chairs, Stairs, Hell in a Cell and Ring Bells.
I made it to Round 2 of my fantasy playoffs last week by 4 points after Jordy Nelson went off. This week I play the 1 seed who has won 11 games in a row, and I only have one serviceable RB. Gonna take another miracle.
TLC should be a good show. Where are you sitting
If tonight's show goes off as well as some people expect, who does R/SquaredCircle send a fruit basket to? Those guys are the worst.
Good luck. I believe in you.
Kevin Dunn.
Are you taking a sign? If so, here are some options for you:
The Biff Says This Sucks
#ThisIsNotWrestling
What's Kayfabe?
#LOLCenaWins...Again
What Would You Do For a Push?
HAHA! FRUIT BASKET MAAAAAAGLE!!!
Oh I am not looking forward to this.
If sent to Kevin Dunn, it should be a stuffed beaver and a Jim Cornette Face t-shirt.
Debating whether to stay in and watch the PPV tonight or go to a local Indy show. The indy show lineup is awful, to put it nicely, but so is the PPV.
I liked Wooo's idea of sending HHH an engraved shovel
If the indy show is awful, just chill here with us. The only thing worse than bad wrestling is bad wrestling with no standards.
I'm in the club level opposite hard camera. Might be a little high up to be seen on camera.
All right - got Green Bay/Buffalo for the early game. I don't think the Packers are going to run roughshod over the Bill defense.
Doubt I take a sign unless you can make your own at the arena.
I haven't been to one of their shows since the summer but they started bringing in Masada, a guy who does zero wrestling moves, and put their belt on him. I don't even think they got hometown ACH for this show either.
Enjoy. Despite the fact that company seems directionless, the matches themselves on paper look more than solid and if the reports of the WWE guys getting upset that the NXT guys are getting a chance to shine and do what they want while they have so many restrictions yet wanting to outperform NXT, they should be going all out tonight.
I get the Bengals/Browns game out here thanks to the 49ers playing the 4:15 game. I'm pretty excited to see Manziel play against first team defenses.
They better. I thought Hell in a Cell had a chance to be one of the better cards of the year and that didn't happen. Hopefully no ghosts.
Okay, where's our Clevelanders? I want them to document their surprise and frustration with Johnny Football today.
Aye
I'm starting Manziel on my fantasy team. I'm in the consolation round so nothing's at stake. I got Sea/SF as my late FOX game along with DEN/SD on CBS.
MASADA: punch, kick, throw through glass, powerbomb, powerbomb, German suplex, jam those sticks into a guy's head, powerbomb, fisherman's buster, pin.
Ooooo boy Steelers/Falcons plus Jonathan T. Football
God fucking damnit Gumbel, Steeler fans don't travel, they are everywhere because there aren't any jobs in Western PA.
Lana tweeted and then quickly removed a pic of the European title that features the new logo. Because that's what we need, more belts!
At least they'll get another jobber out of the deal
JOHNNY JAM BOOGIE!
Lana should quickly remove her clothes again.
I have voted for every Social D song in the tourney so far because I can't break my #1 rule: When Mike Ness is available, always choose Mike Ness.
What kind of playcall was that for Miami?
Patriots blocked FG return for a TD
FFS.
Joe Philbin is a moron
Jamie Collins has been nasty the past few games
That type of run on 3rd and 6 in Pats territory? Sad.
I thought the Marcellus Shale was supposed to create tons of jobs?
Same here, but we have the Texans/Colts on CBS. Many of the Texas stations are showing Cleveland games due to Johnny's popularity here. Same thing happened with Vince Young and Tennessee for a few years.
Starting Manziel as well in another league, I'm decimated by injuries so why not.
Le'Von Bell has amazing vision for a RB
I'd take Jim Harbaugh at this point. He'd poison the club, but at least they'd get a few winning seasons out of it. (And it's been pretty toxic for a good long while anyway)
He's probably join up with that asshole Mike Pouncey and dunk some poor trainer's head in the ice bath.
I just don't get it. Harbaugh has led SF to more wins than the previous 10 seasons combined without him. He must be pissing off a TON of office.
Here it is...
That's more in north central, central PA
Green Bay vs. Buffalo is like a jobber match where the jobber is Brooklyn Brawler or Jim Powers instead of one of the random schmucks.
Yeah, the hologram was not a good idea.
I didn't watch NXT. I just rode the wave on here and youtubed what I needed to see later.
Gonna do the same thing tonight. See how TLCS plays out. I'm not expecting much at all. Really worried about AMBROSE vs Wyatt flopping. Cleveland is going to be extra pissy after Johnny Football shits the bed this afternoon.
Glad Cleveland's defense lets the Bungles convert every third down
And Jeremy Hill makes fun of LeBron lol
It was majestic.
In terms of not having the network, is it a money thing or a lack-of-caring thing? For the first time, I won't just say I'm happy enough with the network, but now I'd fully recommend it. With NXT and the introduction of Nitro, TNT, and Primetime, it officially has stuff I will watch on a consistent basis.
It's not a literally travel. It's just a way of saying their fans are everywhere. Total hyperbole.
I had it. Decided not to renew. Honestly, just waiting for the rumble again to have 9.99 more on hand. Lots of 9.99 being thrown around that was an easy 9.99 to cut.
Radio Shack commercial with Weird Al. Great stuff!
lol, okay. Gotcha.
Edelman is carving up the Dolphins
He who is tired of Weird Al is tired of life.
Ah. I know a couple of years back there was talk of oil & gas work by the Tanger Outlets near Canonsburg.
Finally watched the Heyman doc on the Network, was that always the origin of Farva's "petulant child" or was Steph calling Paul that a weird case of coincidence?
Well, there goes that drive
Bones, do you blast Renegade every Sunday morning?
I never come in the NFL thread because I don't watch NFL. I clicked today and it turns out it's being used as a regular daily thread of random stuff! I've been missing out!
Go to the indy show, piss off everyone around you by loudly watching TLC on your tablet
That cute shit will not work in the NFL. Johnny Football is a child playing a man's game.
I try to drag these threads as far away form football as possible.
Because footballs hilariously awful and anything is better.
Starting up Bill Burr's Netflix special atm.
My randon Netflix pick is this Trailer Park Boys thing that I've never heard of until now, but there's a TON of it on here.
Yes...and odds are I'm not wearing pants.
He just needs a Snickers.
Yeah, those guys are um....I don't know, I respect the effort but I don't find any of it very funny.
But yeah, they crank out Netflix specials like every two months, those guys are serious content creators.
I'll pay for Rumble and Mania, but I just don't have enough spare time to sit around and watch the network. I'm just an old man. An old cranky man who wants to be left alone with his VHS tapes with original music instead of the damn music edits they do. I just don't need it in my life. 9.99
Oh bullshit...that was not a block in the back....
Good refs got it right
This pilot is mildly amusing, but I can't help but feel that if a comedy show that started in I think 2001 was any good, I'd have heard of it before it just appeared on here. I'm not omnipresent, but I'm sure I'd know of it.
Yeah, you can count on us to go off topic and rarely focus.
Running the option. HAHA!!! I LOVE IT MAAAAAAGLLE!!!!
Basically that's my thinking, if this stuff was so hilarious it would've taken less than 200 specials for it to make it to my sphere of observation.
I think it's one of those shows I would've really liked when I was stoned every day in college, these days, not so much.
I like that, over the last year or two, our compulsion to go off topic has actually rid us of many of the more annoying posters.
Andy Dalton: King of the Overthrow
Tons of special teams and defense scores already today
Wow I must be getting old because I could have fucking sworn Cole somehow won that match at WrestleMania 27. Did they reverse it on raw or something?
I knew I should have started Eli over Flacco.
As a "replacement" for the U.S. Title, it's easy cheap heat.
They reversed it on Mania didn't they? :/
I DVR the games for like 45 mins to hour to duck commercials and I figured I wouldn't come here because of spoilers and then I did one time and I realized very quickly there wouldn't be that many football spoilers here.
Yeah, reverse decision after the match. Lawler got the 1-2-3, Cole got the win.
Do they? Because King is having like a 10 minute victory celebration
Weird Al and Shauna Malwae-Tweep is a match made in my nerd version of heaven.
Lol ok NM there's the GM sound effect
Yeah, I think we're starting to get a pretty agreeable group here. As long as we don't have the following, then I'm happy: 1. People trying to teach us how to properly be a fan and how/when/if we should complain. 2. Anyone trying to intentionally piss someone off. It's a goddamned wrestling blog, not a place to troll, start flame wars, or exact vendettas.
3. People that think posting here is somehow a step into a writing career.
Gosh she's pretty.
Yup I just saw it. Kings victory celebration went on so long and had Austin beer toasting and Booker T doing a spinarooni so I figured the match was just over. I really didn't remember anything about this.
It's one of the few times they gave Jerry Lawler the JR treatment. Everyone pretty much agreed that he should have given Cole the Kaufman treatment or battled Swagger. Instead, we got that abomination.
...all because Jerry made it known that he hadn't wrestled at Wrestlemania yet in his long career and wanted to do it
That, too.
I definitely didn't know the Punk vs Orton match was that good at WM27. That is a really awesome match with basically everything you would want in a match. It's a shame they didn't another 5-10 minutes. I think you could have safely shaved 5 minutes off the Cole vs Lawler stuff anyways.
Not a good start for Johnny football. Last drop wasn't his fault but still.
It should have been a shot for shot remake of the Kaufman match, but Jerry would get the pin. Then King and JR can call the rest of the show.
Willie Gay did something besides getting burned??? What??
Johnny Football is a child out there.
I been telling ya. Orton and Punk. So underrated.
I thought he had actually won the match because he got such a huge celebration. I figured that had to be it. But that actually makes a lot of sense to me now that you mention it was his one chance to have something at wrestlemania. Still what a lame ass fucking way for Lawler to get on a WrestleMania. They should have just put the title on Cena or Orton before WM via Kings interference and blown that stupid feud off at the show. IMO that alone would have made the show way better because it would at least trade off two bad matches for one.
'Ol Billy Baldspot looks terrible in black and white.
Or maybe he's just really bald now, I guess I haven't seen him in person since the last appearance in Breaking Bad.
Just finished the first episode, I laughed a few times. It's alright. I'll keep at it for a bit.
I find the supporting cast to be much funnier than any of the three. The property manager and his weird gay live in house boy are particularly funny.
Bills D putting it on Rodgers in the 1st.
**** match in my opinion. Fucking crazy story telling with Orton selling the knee like steamboat and Punk with awesome facial stuff, and then the actual match itself, so awesome. There is a spot they do to set up ortons 2nd rope ddt that is probably the coolest way to ever set that up, and the fucking RKO they do at the end with Punk diving at orton was as good as it gets. Honestly if just needed more time. I remember it being good but this was the first time I've seen these matches in awhile and WOW that was better than I remember.
... and now Bills Special Teams putting it on Green Bay! TOUCHDOWN BILLS on the punt return!
I guess you could say it's a total fucking power move to treat Lawler that way. Power. Move.
Special Team and defensive scores everywhere (6 of 9 today so far)
They aren't as unbeatable as people are trying to make then out to be. Any given Sunday. I don't see them getting through the NFC.
Yeah, that was a good place to escape and keep his eye downfield but Hawkins didn't help him out
When I play fantasy next year, it's going to be based on total points and not head to head. I'm tired of losing 130-120 while someone else scores 85 points and wins.
Browns run defense ftl
There's definitely weaknesses, but Rodgers has been damn near flawless this year. Great decision making, protects the ball, doesn't turn it over, and can run and slide.
I played in a 12 team league where the top 6 make the playoffs. The guy with the 3rd most points actually finished in 8th place and had the most points scored against him in the league by over 100 total.
That's not how games work. Sometimes your good game isn't good enough. That's life. You don't just change all the rules to get your way. You nut up and take your L like an adult.
Dear Browns fans : SAME OLD SHIT SAME OLD SHIT
They can't do shit against Seattle - even in GB - and the Cards would be tough, too.
Hard luck loser. Better luck next year, bubba.
I agree, head to head is the only way to go.It's also more fun.
Eddie Lacy going full Beast Mode now...
It's Cleveland. All they do is suck.
With total points, you're not really competing against anyone, you're just stacking points. Seems less fun.
Now my team, The Second Mile Kids, is in a tough battle in the semi finals this week. Not looking good for me because one of my best players played Thursday and sucked already.
Rodgers is great. I don't believe in Lacey at all. Or that defense. I just don't see them running through the playoffs.
Were you in my league? Happens every season, I take a point of pride in points scored when that happens.
That's pretty much what happened to me.
It's completely devoid of fun. It's anti fun. It's robotic and completely without love or appreciation of sport.
So... 3 straight weeks of no Bears game on a Sunday. That usually happens at playoff time, not in the regular season. Weird. Go Pack Go
You have a pick in the NFC that can?
Yeah its a rough one. I actually played his team in the last week of our regular season, and I started Tre Mason against him, and Tre Mason scored 41 points lol.
Look at the baby cry! Someone get him a bottle! Cutler has to worry about his diva title being taken by Johnny Football.
Seattle, Cardinals, Cowboys, Eagles. Any given Sunday. That's the NFL.
Pats D and special teams bailing them out today
Is he throwing a tantrum? I don't have the game on right now. I may have to stream it.
Just going to check out the Heyman doc. Ouch Browns lol
He threw s tantrum after an illegal man downfield penalty. It was so bad the slingshot fell out of his back pocket. Aye Caramba!
Just watched it last night, great stuff.
BEAUTIFUL!!! What a GREAT Sunday! Fuck Johnny Football! Fuck Cleveland!
Manziel doing a great Ruby Rhod impression because he looks super green out there
That escalated quickly lol.
Tampa is hot, fat dirty ass. That is all.
Oh bullshit...can't hit fucking quarterbacks at all.
Good ol Lovie. He runs a tight ship.
In my stupid league (12 players, no trades), I am 4th in scoring, and 4th least points give up. 6-8, 9th overall.
Very angry.
She is. I can see why Mark Brandanawicz hit that.
Your guys better raze the Shitty Falcons to the gorram ground today. Show no mercy!
The dumbed down offense for this vanilla midget is completely ridiculous. It's a complete farce.
Ryan got stuck with a good, solid hit...no helmet to helmet...flag. He got hit too hard.
The fantasy lesson I may learn this week; Live by Tre Mason, Die by Tre Mason
Not to have played anyone besides kickers in a matchup between two atrocious offenses and two good defenses?
Okay, I live in OKC at the moment. Why can I see the Browns-Bengals, and why can I see them on Fox (the NFC channel)?
Fucking Brandon Browner.
Gaming with friends right now...
Pass interference?
And I'm not sure...how confident would you be in labelling the Johnny Football experiment a failure after one half? 70%? 73%? He looks lost and incompetent out there
Fox has a flex afc game, like cbs has a flex nfc game. As for your second question...
Hoping for just one thing today in this Bills/Packers game... for Ha Ha Clinton Dix to tackle Boobie Dixon.
Somebody give him a Snickers. Or tell him this is a party.
Yes. 2nd penalty already
0%. He's learning a complicated offense on the fly against a good defense with a banged-up line.
I honestly had no idea about the conference flex games. Is this a recent thing?
To be fair, Manziel hasn't allowed 13 first downs for the Bengals and 100 yards already for Hill.
There's a pick from Manziel. Lol.
I can't remember....I think so
2/4 - 1 yard, interception
Dat Johnny Football
Yeah, but I'm still seeing a 0 on the Browns side of things. We'll see, but like I said, he looks lost.
it is. It came on the heels of the agreement that allowed NBC to move games from the day to the evening during the 2nd half of the season for better matchups. Obviously Fox and CBS wanted something in return and more flexibility.
We may see the first negative QBS rating in history today.
8.3 and falling
watched it last night. Very interesting, although I would have loved to hear more about his WCW days. Stephanie McMahon sure danced around the fact that she said insulting things to Paul and then was told to fuck off after she tried to tell Paul no and he reminded her that HER FATHER had already said yes. She proceeded to have a tantrum and Paul was sent to OVW. Also glossed over the story of his departure from ECW which also involved a tantrum, this time from Vince where Vince, in front of several office folks and writers shouted over and over, "Get this through your head, I only care about Bobby Lashley!!! Lashley, Lashley, Lashley." Soon after Paul was fired for trying to get other people over and for being correct about how bad the ppv was going to be and was (apparently Vince thought it December to Dismember was just ducky until he started reading reviews online).
But overall highly interesting. It paints a picture of a smart man. A driven man. A flawed man.
Classic Bungles discipline on display
I'm already livid beyond words that Stephanie is even in the damn thing.
The only way the browns can get a first down is of the Bengals fuck up.
Nice to see the referees sucking Lovie's hose. Five Bucs dive bombing poor Derek Anderson after his slide comes to a stop.
2And pick for Manziel. LOL
Another Johnny pick. May come back but still. YIKES, this couldn't have gone any worse.
And the guy who taunted him, picks him off in the next play.
LOLOLOLOLOL
Bailed the fuck out
well seeing as how it's an invented game with a variety of rules, what you do is find a league that fits what you like. I've done both and won a total points league. It was perfectly enjoyable.
Oh fuck you Cincinnati for robbing us of that pick.
Usual Mauluaga idiocy. I don't know how coaches tolerate third down taunting.
Also, is Manziel under the impression that his receivers are 6'5"?
I just want Cleveland to score here. Our market doesn't have another morning game so I'd be out of football for a couple hours if Cincy buries them here.
I mean, Mike Evans was and he seemed to throw to him 90% of the time in college so...
Wow. It wasn't Manziel's fault, 100%, but he threw a five yard pass high and like it had to go 20 yards with its velocity. But saved by a dumb penalty
The announcers saying that the receivers have to catch these balls is ridiculous. Get those guys some ladders or chairs or stairs of you want them to make these catchesProject vs thesis: choosing a route for another primary reason for going project over thesis marijane davis is also in her second year and is in the final. Differences between the field project, thesis and capstone seminar and to draft the final product perhaps one year from start to finish. The differences between them in a thesis by the thesis is usually called final year project thesis is completed in the final year of the. What's the difference between an honors thesis/project seminar and an individually-contracted honors thesis/project. What subject may i choose 4 an undergraduate difference between thesis and final year project course in argumentative essay on letter from birmingham jail a.
Thesis, dissertation, & capstone project guide • the 5 year time limitation to complete the degree deliver copies of final thesis/dissertation to the. Between dissertation final and difference year project essay on writing quizlet gang violence essay thesis statement masonic introductions for essays what. Difference between a master’s thesis and the final written project must • student successfully completes the introduction section of the project year 2. What is the main difference between research proposal and before submission of final report/thesis to the difference between introduction and.
Seven year deadline (master's) what is a thesis thesis / project / dissertation format workshops templates. What are the main differences between what makes a bachelor's thesis different from master's and phd does a master's research project (not a thesis. What is the difference between thesis, research paper and project update cancel promoted by grammarly what's the difference between a project and a research. What is the difference between a thesis and a project and what (in the fall of your senior year for a thesis (the final version of the thesis must be graded.
This guidance focuses on common elements for dissertations and final year projects the work you must do for either is very similar eg gathering information. Appendix a ‐ suggested style and format for thesis/final project reports a thesis/project represents the difference between (author/year footnote. Abstract this thesis examines various the final chapter i would also like to thank dr je bickenbach whose steadfast support of this project was. Of the graph despite the insignificantly number of cell difference between the surface to final year project thesis final year project (final.
4th year projects: editing the writing of the final report 1 your final year project report needs to be written in formal for the difference between the. Use the guidelines below to learn the differences between thesis and the duration of a year- or semester-long senior project of this final project. The main difference between a capstone project and a thesis is that a capstone project addresses a specific problem, issue or concern in your field of study, and a. How to write your introduction, abstract and 105 thoughts on “ how to write your introduction, abstract and summary ” useful for all final year.
Hello, is there any difference between final year project and bachelor's thesis thank you. A good thesis statement makes the difference between a thoughtful research for basic advice on almost any writing issue as you work on this major project. What is the main difference between thesis and //myassignmenthelpcom/blog/major-difference-between-thesis there are many differences between the thesis and. Difference between thesis and in the final section argues in the earlier tutorial discussions and term projects moreover, the cultural differences in.Published 8 January 2018
⧉ Alpha’s Saturday sports and features programme ‘Let’s Go’ returns for a second series in 1960
Published 25 December 2017
⧉ Our brand new subsite, celebrating ATV, the nation’s top entertainment station 1955-1981
Published 18 December 2017
⧉ A gallery of Rediffusion clocks
Published 17 December 2017
⧉ A gallery of Rediffusion continuity announcers with audio clips
Published 15 December 2017
⧉ How ABC discovered Joan Edwards, Bob Hatch and Julie Stevens in 1957
Published 8 December 2017
⧉ John Halas explains the genesis of his new cartoon series, Foo Foo, in 1960
Published 29 November 2017
⧉ ABC in 1957 are using Alpha Studios in Birmingham for a novel idea: testing 18 pilot shows they may never make…
Published 16 November 2017
⧉ Over on our ABC subsite, the TVTimes in 1958 looks at the rush to get Outside Broadcasts on air at Christmas
Published 13 November 2017
⧉ An in-depth history, first published in 1967, of Rediffusion’s programmes for schools
Published 10 November 2017
⧉ Over on our ABC site, the TVTimes interviews John Edmunds in 1957 to find out why he isn’t dating a girl
Published 6 November 2017
⧉ Have a look at TWW’s output in Welsh in 1960 in our new bilingual subsite
Published 30 October 2017
⧉ Spend some time examining Southern’s successful first year on air with our new microsite
Published 29 September 2017
⧉ Over on our Rediffusion subsite, a 1961 visit to the film editing department at Television House
Published 22 September 2017
⧉ To celebrate 18 years of Transdiffusion on the web, we present a look behind the scenes at Alpha, ABC and ATV’s studios in Birmingham
Published 15 September 2017
⧉ Over on our Rediffusion subsite, director James Butler talks about the hell that is studio visits by the public
Published 8 September 2017
⧉ Over on our Rediffusion subsite, director Mark Lawton is seconded to West Germany in 1961… and the results are Not Good
Published 1 September 2017
⧉ Over on our subsite ABC at Large, meet Tony O’Toole, Property Master at Teddington in 1962
Published 28 August 2017
⧉ Hello darlings! Over on our subsite dedicated to all things Kenny Everett you’ll find a lovely 10-minute compilation of Kenny at Capital Radio…
Published 25 August 2017
⧉ Over on our subsite ABC at Large, celebrate the new Television House opening in March 1962 in Mount Street in ManchesterMovie Night: Movie 43
This film will leave you with your mouth wide-open. A couple of teenagers (who I will name Dumb and Dumber), upload a silly home video on ‘Youtube’ and surprisingly get a few hundred thousand hits within the first few minutes.
Enter the genius computer guru of a little brother to Dumb, who tells them it’s a hoax. They (Dumb and Dumber), in a quest to get back at little brother, start telling the porkies about the existence of the mythical Movie 43, which will and I quote ‘make you crap your pants’ amongst other things. Amidst the story telling the duo download viruses from porn sites onto little brother’s computer whilst he assists them in the search for Movie 43.
And so begins the adventure where we, the rebellious audience, watch a series of short stories spewed out by a search engine which are meant to bring us closer to completing the quest for the mind-bending Movie 43. Noteworthy moments include testicles on a chin, guacamole stirred by Halle Berry’s boob and a homosexual animated cat who spews his load all over his owner’s new girlfriend.
If none of the above intrigue you, Stifler (Seann William Scott) meets a fairy that will suck dick for gold coins! Please watch it, so we can discuss some of the best quotes ever in a movie. You will never think about the late night grocery shopping the same way again.
Starring Emma Stone, Halle Berry, Kate Winslet, Hugh Jackman, Stephen Merchant, Seann William Scott, Jason Sudekis and many many more.
Rating: 8.5/10Laura Morrison
Secretary/Treasurer
(212) 253-7922
A former member of ACT UP/NY's Treatment and Data Committee, Laura was invited to join TAG shortly after its founding in 1992 and never left. She was first elected to TAG's Board of Directors in 1996 and currently serves as secretary/treasurer.
In her professional life, Laura is communications director for the McSilver Institute for Poverty Policy and Research at New York University Silver School of Social Work.Below is a list of
Kitchen cabinet ...
Restaurant at Shopping Plaza in Vallejo
- Located at an open air shopping plaza.
- Two anchor tenants.
- Plenty of lot parking.
- Full kitchen.
- Seating for 40.
- Currently on a month-to-month lease.
Current owner pursuing other business interests.
Great opportunity!
Call Francisco at 415-2 ... ...
Manufacturing, Cabinetry & Counter Tops
Manufacturing, Cabinetry & Counter Tops: This Cabinet Company is predominantly commercial customers such as builders & general contractors, some residential for a specific buyer. High profile customers include AG Edwards & Anheuser Busch, while the majority of busines ...
Recession Proof Home Improvement Busines
Sales over $40,000 in the last 30 days!!Every home owner is a potential custmer of this franchise distributor of home improvement products. The product is custom designed for each home then manufactured by the Franchisor. This business sale includes two of the best te ... ca ...
Patented product line
Patented Kitchen tools company. One patent has been valued at over several hundred thousand dollars. Unique line of 10+ kitchen tools with a highly unique design incorporating medical design technology. Kitchen tools are ergonomic and designed for healthy foods (two.Pros Available by phone Mon-Fri 7.00AM - 7.30PM Central
OUR PART # MF-B
Log In for price!
White Microphone Flag 2.5in.X2.5in.
Blank microphone flags will accept your decals/labels and CG graphics beautifully. High impact ENG grade construction. 2" x 2" size with high density foam inserts. A low cost alternative to custom jobs.
Product Information:
We're sorry, only of this item available
Call a Sales Pro at for more information
Contact: 1-800-828-0509 / Hours: Mon - Fri 7:00AM - 7:00PMEnvironmentally friendly Making Courses: You can find 94 federal initiatives to really encourage inexperienced constructing: within the private sector, run by eleven distinct federal companies. In line with GAO, all the programs basically address the exact same concern, and in largely the same way: encouraging private builders to adopt “inexperienced” benchmarks.
Nearly two hundred bars and places to eat obtained the cakes within the state transportation Division in hopes the product would “crank out a discussion” among male bar-goers as well as their friends.
Inspite of the popularity from the chips, which were named "Formal snack of the day" to the Rachel Ray Exhibit, the federal government seemingly believed they necessary taxpayer help.
Instead of investigating the Icelandic Viking-period financial system, Maybe the government should really concentrate on addressing the having difficulties American industries of 2013.
Shelling out $1 million dollars to study one thing plenty of people discovered in Center school seems like a lower price range precedence and a thing that could quickly be Reduce.
Misuse of presidency Vacation Playing cards: Reviewed travel card usage for 274 personnel with substantial-danger transactions found that 173 misused their authorities journey card by buying personal merchandise and getting cash advances unrelated to official journey.
Enterprise capitalist corporations exist for this extremely rationale, they usually pick out what to speculate in by taking a look at corporations’ small business models and deciding If they're deserving. When The federal government performs undertaking capitalist, it tends to reward companies which have been linked to the policymakers on their own or as it sounds great to “commit” in environmentally friendly Electricity.
If there is no agency now occupying the Houses, they ought to both be sold or leased to Recuperate expenditures or if not trimmed down simply because $25 billion is a lot to squander on vacant rooms.
We will help you remain out on the ditch and about the street to success. It’s as should you employed Helix as being a member of one's inside team.
Extra oversight is critical in order that 50 % 1,000,000 really worth of producing machines isn't going to only "go missing"
Amazon's Neptune databases could modify the established order within the graph technology world. But it really could also introduce a wider base of ...
We should make the investments essential to make authorities applications (IRS, Medicare) operate more competently. Paying out a relatively small sum to update getting old computer systems will help save billions of bucks Eventually.
In whole, the Neighborhood of Henderson has above one,348 acres of undocumented tree belongings over at this website which can be mapped by spot, discovered by species, and undergo tree well being evaluations, and upkeep prioritization.
Businesses need to also make a decision if they want to use a standard CRM solution or maybe a cloud-dependent a person, Band stated. Midsize companies prefer lower upfront fees and the pliability of SaaS CRM, he pointed out inside the analysis.
5 Easy Facts About rightnow technologies Case Solution Described
Comments on “5 Easy Facts About rightnow technologies Case Solution Described”.
DSU member Inspector Chris Dawson said: "This bit of kit is fantastic - it attaches to the dog's head and we can get a live view of what they are seeing.
.
"This will provide us with more information so we can deal with the situation safely and appropriately.
"It will also be extremely useful when searching difficult or inaccessible areas for missing people, because a dog can make its way through dense woodland and undergrowth very quickly.
"The handler will still maintain verbal contact with the dog so this camera will allow them to search vast areas a lot faster.”
Advances in technology mean the signal is strong and the picture is clear and crisp, he said.
"The footage can also be recorded and used for evidential purposes," he added.
FidoCam
Councillor Joy Garner, a member of Staffordshire Police Authority, said any device that helped to catch criminals should be welcomed.
"All of the evidence the camera gathers will be seen on screen and the images can be used in court and help more cases come to fruition,” she said. “This means convictions will rise and victims will have more support.
"Cutbacks in police provisions mean a lot of forces have to share dog-handling services, but this way, the dogs can be used in other ways and stay within the county."The Canadian Northern Society was founded in 1986 with a goal to preserve the 1913 heritage railway station at Meeting Creek, Alberta. The Society takes its name in honour of the old Canadian Northern Railway, which originally constructed the railway branch that linked Vegreville with Drumheller via Meeting Creek, Donalda, Stettler, Big Valley, and Rowley. Operated by volunteers, the society is a not-for-profit registered charity.
Over the years the activities of the Society have grown and evolved from the initial preservation of the Meeting Creek depot. Today, its primary focus is the preservation of three distinct heritage railway depots and adjacent community parks (at Big Valley, Camrose, and Meeting Creek, Alberta), a classic prairie grain elevator (at Meeting Creek), and a host of artifacts related not only to the railway but also to certain connected aspects of rural western Canada’s history. The Society is also actively engaged in educational programs, historical research, and documenting history. Volunteers from the Canadian Northern Society also work with other like-minded organizations to capture history and build community – which has become the fitting theme and motto for the Society’s continued efforts. Projects affiliated with the Canadian Northern Society include the stations in Canora, Saskatchewan, Viking, Alberta, Donalda, Alberta, (moved from Vandura, Saskatchewan) and the roundhouse in Hanna, Alberta.
Please view the pages below to learn more about each of our sites.
Big Valley Railway Station and Roundhouse Interpretive Park
Camrose Heritage Railway Station and Park
Meeting Creek Railway Station and Grain Elevator
In addition to the Canadian Northern Society’s efforts, we encourage visitors to enjoy related attractions that central Alberta has to offer.People have mixed feelings about making money via Twitter for various reasons which I wont go into in this post. I personally don’t have any qualms with the whole concept and I have been making money on Twitter via two methods so far. The first is Sponsored Tweets and the second is RevResponse and Twitterfeed (Monetise Your Tweets with Twitterfeed and RevResponse).
I recently came across MyLikes which is similar to Sponsored Tweets with the difference being that you get paid per click and not just a one off payment per tweet. Once signed up to Mylikes, you have access to a list of sponsors, their details and payment per click. All you do from there is choose what you would like to tweet about, write out what you have to say and post it, all from their site. Payments are made once you have reached a minimum balance of $2 and are paid out via PayPal every Friday.
Anyway, the main purpose of this post is to get people who haven’t tried making money via Twitter to give it a go. As an added incentive, I am going to give $25 (via PayPal) to someone once my MyLikes balance reaches $50. Once my balance reaches $50 a winner will be chosen at random and announced via a post and on twitter.
In order to be eligible to get the $25, all you need to do it sign up to MyLikes CLICK HERE via Ninety Nine Ways, leave a comment letting me know that you have signed up (don’t forget to include your MyLikes nickname so that I can verify that you have signed up) and go and make money on Twitter.
Don’t forget to tell your friends for a referral bonus of up to $10!
Ileane, thanks for stopping by. My earnings are slowly but surely creeping up. Good luck to you and your endeavours with MyLikes and Sponsored Tweets. See you around Twitter!
You only need $2 on MyLikes to cash out. I have already received my earnings twice (in two weeks). Here’s a proof that I posted:
Hey my nickname is aaronlenox, and I signed up using your link!
Thanks
monetizing a website is really a great way to earn money in a passive way just like real estate.”`
My likes is really cool site and i make good money with them
also I use another cool site to earn money even more than mylikes money, If u want take a look at it see this
well, monetizing websites and stuffs should be great. making money on the internet is a great way to earn money -:-
Monetizing websites has to be done right – users don’t like to think they’re being used to make a webmaster money. I’ve seen websites fail and traffic drop off as soon as the webmaster tried to earn some extra cash from it.
how may i get referral link on Mylikes.com . i don’t know how to invite friends on Mylikes 🙁With awesome climate and quaint colonial feel, this city is really a paradise for travellers. Also, get pleasure from a city tour of Colombo and explore the historical, religious and industrial websites on the money metropolis. Pack your baggage and revel in a beautiful 5-day family vacation in Sri Lanka. inclusions
TravelTriangle ensures a hundred% support assurance warranty by releasing the payment to agents only after the reserving vouchers/receipts are gained by the traveler.
Witness the tableau of elegance to the Madu River cruise in Bentota and check out turtles hatch in the hatchery. Finally witness the cosmopolitan life of Colombo. Yatra vacation gurus have packed in The most crucial destinations to go to in these 6 days for yourself applying their specialist competencies. A quick but genuinely unforgettable holiday vacation to Sri Lanka awaits you. inclusions
Sri Lanka was Formerly referred to as Ceylon. This island country lies for the south of your Indian subcontinent inside the Indian Ocean. A land having an historical historical past and abundant culture, Sri Lanka is essential-go to tourist spot for folks wanting a diverse travel experience.
Sure, an English speaking driver might be organized In this particular Sri Lanka tour bundle. The traveler is suggested to communicate his Choices with the appointed tour operator as a way to prevent last minute hassles on this Sri Lanka journey.
TripAdvisor LLC isn't answerable for material on exterior Sites. Taxes, service fees not provided for bargains articles.
Of course, a traveller can customise this most effective providing Sri Lanka tour offer According to their desire. It's suggested that a traveler discusses their technical specs Along with the concerned tour operator of Sri Lanka as a way to steer clear of last minute hassles.
Also check out a variety of internet sites of mythological great importance including Divurumpola, the sight the place Sita gave her Agni Pariksha, here. The pleasurable proceeds within the enthralling land of Bentota. Spend a while with the Beach front and check out the Kande Vihare Temple, to begin to see the tallest statue of Lord Buddha inside the county. Have a river boat cruise journey together the Madu River and launch turtle hatchlings back in The wikipedia reference ocean – your options are unlimited! And lastly, head to the money city of Colombo and examine its wonderful skyline. Halt by sites much like the Galle Face Environmentally friendly and check out the Independence Square and also her latest blog the Aged Parliament Constructing, the town has a thing for everyone. Yatra, the state’s most trusted travel model is noted for setting up thorough itineraries, and this offer is all of that and a lot more. So, What exactly are you looking forward to? Make the bookings, now! inclusions
More information The 8 working day tour package actually offers a fantastic taster of what an extended stay right here in Sri Lanka is like.
Also check out numerous websites of mythological importance for example Divurumpola, the sight where Sita gave her Agni Pariksha, right here. The entertaining proceeds while in the enthralling land of Bentota. Commit some time with the Beach front and pay a visit to the Kande Vihare Temple, to begin to see the tallest statue of Lord Buddha inside the county. Take a river boat cruise experience alongside the Madu River and launch turtle hatchlings back again in The ocean – your choices are endless! Lastly, head on the capital town of Colombo and take a look at its beautiful skyline. Cease by web sites such as the Galle Experience Green and go to the Independence Square plus the Outdated Parliament Setting up, the city has one thing for everybody. Yatra, the nation’s most reliable journey brand name is noted for arranging specific itineraries, which package deal is all of that and more. So, Exactly what are you expecting? Make the bookings, now! inclusions
Let us know your individualized tour Choices we will give precedence effortlessly to make sure your pleasure all over the journey.
Additional information For just shy of per week, appear and maximise your journey to Sri Lanka by way of our triple city, six day experience as a result of The attractive Sri Lankan isle.
More info Our 4 day tour deal will take you look these up to find out the best with the South from the island and take a trip about the Madu Ganga lake to check out some outstanding wildlife with the island.
E-book thoroughly customisable Sri Lanka tour packages at pocket-welcoming charges that include Specific providers like comfortable stays and english Talking driver-cum-tour-guide from TravelTriangle.
Links
Visitors
- 3 Visitorsyou can download the presets at the the Alesis site Kelly n a message dated 8/23/99 1:07:27 AM, mdavig@sfsu.edu writes: << Anyone know how to reset an Alesis HR- 16 back to factory presets? Mine > >has no patterns in it. > > > >tanx, > > Jeff > > >>Can You Tattoo Over consuming. I mean a permanent cover up like placing tattoos over stretch marks.
Using tattoos to cover stretch marks might sound like a little far-fetched idea, however it is absolutely feasible. If you don’t mind getting inked, this option will not harm you in any way. If you are doubtful of tattooing assuming it would have rebellious undertone, don’t be. There are plenty of subtle, creative and artistic designs that can take care of stretch marks on any body part – be it abdomen, arms, buttocks or legs.
Factors to Consider
Color of stretch marks – Success of placing a tattoo over stretch marks depends on the depth and darkness of stretch marks. If they are just light streaks, they are superficial and thus using tattoo to cover them up would work. However if they are deep in color, concealing them would be a challenge.
Tattoo placement – most important factor is the placement of tattoo. You want to tattoo over stretch marks but you also want that the design looks intact and goes effortlessly with your body.
Avoid tattoo placement where you might get more stretch marks in future. If later, stretch marks occur over tattooed skin; your tattoo design would be compromised.
Existing tattoos – If you already have a tattoo and stretch marks occur over it, tattoo design is likely to alter. There can be misalignment or distortion of tattoo. In such a case, you would have to consult your tattoo artist again for a touch up or some addition to make the tattoo seem right.
Challenges to Look Out For
As the skin rapidly stretches to keep up with changes in our body, it tears a little, giving rise to streaks better known as stretch marks. To put it in other words, stretch marks are nothing but torn skin. Thus, placing tattoos over stretch marks or this torn skin is different from placing tattoos over regular skin. Challenges that you might encounter with this are:
Blurring – Tattoo ink is likely to bleed in the stretch mark stripe area leading to slight blurring of tattoo
Distortion – Image inked over stretch marks might get a little distorted
Pain – Nerve endings in stretch marks are more sensitive and thus a tattoo over them is going to pain more than a tattoo over normal skin
You should choose only a professional artist for inking tattoos over stretch marks. If you can, find the one who has some experience in dealing with stretch marks. A skilled and experienced tattoo artist can also insure that above factors and complications are taken care of.Another Jewish restaurant in Montreal Canada firebombed in anti-Jewish attackBy Mason White 3:18 PM June 9, 2013
By: Sarah Weiss
A Jewish cafe was firebombed last week in a suspected anti-Jewish attack, according to a statement released by police in Montreal, Canada.
Cafe Shalom Restaurant located on Queen Mary Road, West of Decarie Boulevard, suffered an attack last week by two explosive devices Montreal police said.
The damage inside the restaurant from the Molotov cocktails was light, Constable Danny Richer said.
Two Molotov cocktails were thrown into the business, Daniel Lacoursiere said.
Firefighters were called to the scene shortly after 2:00 am.
The owner told police he had not been threatened recently, nor has he faced any harassment.
Richer said police were not aware of previous similar incidents in this restaurant.
A sprinkler system installed in the restaurant put out the fire.
Most of the damage was caused by the water of the sprinkler system, Richer said.
Richard Bourdeau, an operations manager with the Montreal fire department, put the preliminary damage estimate in the range of $15,000.
Residents living above the business were forced out of their homes in middle of the night.
“All have returned to their homes,” Bourdeau said in the morning and said he could not immediately specify how many people were affected.
Firefighters have transferred the case to police investigators.
Late last year, Chops Resto Bar, a high-end kosher restaurant also along Queen Mary Road, one block immediately east of Shalom cafe, was attacked in a similar attack.
In that case, a single Molotov cocktail was thrown into the front window at 4:00 am.
The resulting fire was also extinguished by a sprinkler system.
Two suspects fled the scene wearing sweatshirts, Montreal police said at the time. No one has been arrested for that attack.Motivation: The Key to School Success
James A. Sebben, EdD, LPC
Your children are bombarded daily with the influences of television and the media, other children, other families, and the community. Research has found that the most lasting influence is that of the parents and that this applies particularly to the school setting. Motivation is the key to learning. So the question is: How do I motivate my child to be a successful student? Linda Jones (Fastbook #315, Phi Delta Kappa Educational Foundation, Bloomington, Indiana) suggests the following ways in which parents can help to motivate their children.
• Show interest in your children’s learning. Ask about what they are learning in school; ask to see their papers, projects, homework, etc.
• Work with your children in setting specific daily goals that are achievable. Write out the goals and post them in a prominent place and have the children check off each goal when completed. (For example, if the goal is to finish homework by 7 pm, post this goal on the refrigerator and then, if achieved, determine an appropriate reward for your child like an extra half hour of television, or having a friend over on the weekend, or special time with one of the parents)
• Help your children envision and formulate long-term goals. (For example, if your child has a project due in October, help them to set up a schedule for completing the project on time and post it in an obvious place).
• Instill in your children the attitude that achievements are usually the result of persistence and hard work, not luck and ability.
• Show caring and love if your children make mistakes or fail, and help them see mistakes as opportunities to grow.
• Demonstrate through your words and actions faith in your children’s ability to learn and achieve.
• Look for successes in your children’s efforts and acknowledge them.
• Model for your children language that conveys positive expectations, such as I can, I will, I want to, I understand, my goal is, etc.
• Stress frequently to your children the importance of learning and education.
Remember, what you do with your children has a far greater impact than what you say to them!I haven't spoken to Kwame since he went off to HBS, but I did get an invitation to his graduation. The hand-written note says,
"Ms. DeLoggio,
Thank you for being you, and believing in me!
I'm here today because of you. You are not forgotten.
Love, Kwame
P. S. I finally did get into Duke JD/MBA in '97. I took great pleasure in turning them down."
What can I say about Kwame that you don't already know? The news has said it all. Here's an example:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14 [2005] PRNewswire/ -- U.S. Television star Kwame Jackson -- the first runner-up from the inaugural season of NBC's "The Apprentice" -- will be the distinguished guest speaker Tuesday, Feb. 15th at the prestigious London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) in the United Kingdom.
Jackson is the first African American to be hosted by the LSE Student Union Business Society.... one of reality TV's highest-paid and most sought after speakers. ...
...
More than 40,000 people visit his website,, monthly. He has appeared in numerous magazines and newspapers including: Fortune, Money, Entrepreneur, Black Enterprise, Vanity Fair, The Washington Post, New York Times and the Wall Street Journal among others. People magazine named him one of America's 50 Most Beautiful People for 2004.
I always told him he'd go far, but even I hadn't imagined the heights he'd reach!Title: 13 - CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT--PARKS AND RESERVATIONS
Chapter: 12 - Corporate existence of canal and banking company continued
13:12-1: Corporate existence of canal and banking company continued
13:12-2: "Morris canal" defined
13:12-3: Title to property vested in canal and banking company in trust for state
13:12-4: Rights in certain lakes, etc., vested in canal and banking company in trust for certain purposes
13:12-5: Use of Lake Hopatcong for boating, etc.; maintenance of water level
13:12-6: Title to shares of stock of canal and banking company transferred to Department in trust
13:12-7: Management and control of property by canal and banking company
13:12-8: Board of directors of canal and banking company; voting capital stock
13:12-9: General powers of board of directors
13:12-10: Grants to municipalities to lay and maintain sewer pipes under and along canal right of way
13:12-11: Sale of canal property for railroad purposes
13:12-12: Construction of electric railways on canal lands acquired by municipalities
13:12-13: Abandoned portions of canal property dedicated as public highways
13:12-14: Diversion of waters for municipal purposes
13:12-15: Sale of canal property in counties to such counties for road purposes
13:12-16: Sale of canal property in municipalities to such municipalities or Port of New York Authority
13:12-17: Sale of canal property outside municipalities to municipalities; public sale
13:12-17.1: Sale by municipalities of canal property acquired from Morris Canal and Banking Company
13:12-18: Leases; termination
13:12-19: Removal of bridges, etc.
13:12-20: Repair, etc., of dams, sluice gates, etc.
13:12-21: Crossings in municipalities
13:12-22: Legal and administrative help, etc.; agreements with independent contractors
13:12-23: Canal and banking company acting through officers thereof; execution of contracts, conveyances, etc.
13:12-24: Contracts, conveyances, etc., approved by attorney general
13:12-25: Title conveyed by deeds of canal and banking company
13:12-26: Release of lien of bonds on sale of property
13:12-27: Receipts from sales or rentals of property; payment into state treasury
13:12-28: Canal fund
13:12-29: Injuries to or destruction of canal property; forfeiture; recoveryHow to find us
To get to the State Police College, address 8 Ezermalas street, Riga use public transport:
- by bus No.9 you must go from the city centre to the bus stop „Policijas akadēmija”.
View schedule:
- or by tram No. 11 to the tram stop „Mirdzas ķempes iela”.
View schedule:Pull Out Shelves Kitchen Cabinets is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for ideas force another button or past button; or if you are considering similar pictures of Pull Out Shelves Pull Out Shelves Kitchen Cabinets on Facebook, Course, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Identify your SMTP server address to encompass a better email marketing strategy
SMTP servers are highly valuable and are required to facilitate the process of sending mails in bulk to other clients or servers. Simple Mail Transfer Protocols are responsible for taking care of whole process for delivery of emails. Sending an email via SMTP server requires you to define the address of your SMTP server and helps you follow the right guidelines and protocols. The address of the SMTP servers is in the format of smtp.domain.com or for that instance mail.domain.com. However, these domain names are not unified and we make sure that you choose a perfect address for your email server that is unique and reliable.
Finding the right address for your SMTP is crucial and you can choose from various domain names available within the SMTP parameter. Making sure that your SMTP address is listed you can simply contact your Internet Service provider. We as a hosting service agency make sure that your email server address is listed and we make sure that you are able to send bulk emails without facing any restriction on limit of mails you can send per day. In order to be able to send bulk emails we make sure that you select professional SMTP server and this gives you the facility of handling your email marketing with aplomb and perfection. Acquiring a unique and reliable Mail Server address for your email marketing is quite handy and allows you to send unlimited amount of messages ensuring highest deliverability.
How can you your SMTP Server Address-
SMTP servers are used to send emails from one email client to another email client or email server and come up with mail.server.com or smtp.server.com. It gets quite important to know the address of your IP SMTP server, knowing the address of Server SMTP helps you configure your program quite correctly.
If your are aware of the SMTP server then it gets quite easy to locate the address of your Internet Provider. Here, are few steps that you can follow to find the IP address of your SMTP server-
• In order to find the IP address of your SMTP server, you first need to go to the start menu and opt for run command. Now you can enter ‘cmd’ to make appear the execution window.
• Once the window appear, now in order to avail your IP address of your SMTP Server you need to simply type ‘ping’ in the box and along with the name of your server separated by a space. Now you need to press enter to know the status of your IP address.
• After the command has been given now the window will try to connect your SMTP server with the IP address and you get to see message on the screen stating your SMTP port and IP address of your SMTP.
Benefits of Identifying and availing a suitable SMTP address for your server –
Expedite delivery of mails – One of the most important issues at hand for any business organization is how to promote its services. Email marketing with the help of our servers help you provide an excellent facility to manage expedite delivery of mails. We make sure that we offer you an SMTP server that comes with a valid address and you face least hassles regarding any sort of spam or mishandling of the send messages.
Send messages in bulk – Digitization in recent few years have expanded quite significantly and proposals, considerations and confirmations are sent through emails only. To give you a perfect service we offer Best Email Server for email marketing and you can send bulk mails on daily basis and promote your business quite perfectly. The best aspect about our servers is since your email server address is genuine and unique, there is no hostility shown by other networks and you get a perfect delivery for your mails.
Best management for your emails – Identifying the IP address of your mail server helps you in many ways and makes you aware whether your domain name is suitable or not. We at SMTP servers are quite aware of the need to provide security and reliability and help you choose a perfect domain address for your server. We make sure that you get a Mail Secure Server and encompass your email marketing technique quite suitably and perfectly to avail best results. A proper mail server address helps you manage your emails quite brilliantly and helps you stay on top of your marketing activities while giving you best outputs and scope to grow.Serendipitous discovery
We're planning an "intranet lunch" at The Team (I'm not scared to link there now, but watch this space), where we'll be inviting a few customers in to float some ideas we've had. I'll be able to share these ideas once they've been shared with the customers, but in the meantime I've been thinking about the ways in which intranets could be used.
For me, the most interesting function of an intranet is to serve as a medium for serendipitous discovery. In medium to large size companies, especially those which are growing (and yes this applies to The Team, too) information flow becomes an important problem to solve. Not only are more levels of management inserted between senior decision makers and those at the coal face, but it becomes harder for customer facing people to share knowledge between themselves as well.
In addition, as layers of management increase, it becomes even more important for customer facing people to be empowered to innovate, to respond to market conditions and customer demands rapidly and effectively. The chances of this happening increase rapidly when staff are aware of each others skills, problems, experience...and availability.
Senior management has to put tools in place to help this information flow around, and the humble intranet has an important role to play in this. It ain't just about recording information for reference (such as a directory), nor is it just about nourishing existing connections (such as the broadcasting of rules and regulations). It's an opportunity to evolve the way that people collaborate, innovate and succeed.
There are now dozens of existing social tools that can support this objective, and these tools are designed in such a way that they can be integrated into an intranet with virtually no effort. And they're free! Almost every company has people who blog, tweet and tag - they're already sharing stuff, and it's a valuable and quick win to integrate this activity into an intranet. In turn it makes the intranet a more interesting place to visit, increasing traffic, contributions and serendipitous discovery. It's like an un-vicious circle.
On first impression, Twitter in particular looks like a frivilous waste of time. I'd argue strongly against that...I've found it hugely valuable in my past and present jobs knowing what's going through the minds of my colleagues. An individual tweet might have very little value. But when you overlay the twitter streams of a select group of people, serendipitous discovery abounds!
I gues that this is where good old fashioned leadership communication, face to face inspiring people and directing people towards a vision ensures that the right stuff gets focused on. It's also the role that conferences, team briefings and dare I say it, hard copy magazines can play (sorry luddite I am) in making the digital world the place where the valuable conversations take place.
So maybe the model could be that the intranet is used for discovering relevant voices or feeds, and then the publish / subscribe model (rss reader) kicks in - then that's used for discovering information.
I'm definitely in agreement that the use of these tools is only part of the story. Effective management tools come in many packages! Even hard copy magazines have their place...!
A former boss of mine had the idea that random people should be booked into meetings by random people, just so different parts of the (very large) organisation could find out about each other. A bit extreme if you ask me, but it does serve to highlight the challenges of getting information flowing around a large company.Addressing ‘V.
“If anybody has the right over this nation, then they are those who work for the cleanliness of the nation, and only they have the right to call Bharat Maa theirs,” said the Prime Minister have entered the India society, and added, “Only rituals will not connect an individual to divinity. Swami Vivekananda had said ‘Jan.”
-Inputs from IANS & Marketing Services
Consultation
At MoPoe & Associates we take our time to get to know you and your business. We personally team with you to help you achieve your goals and help you stay on top of your bottom line. Please review the list of technology and marketing services below and contact us for your complimentary one on one consultation.
Internet Marketing & Website Design Services
Want to engage your customers through email marketing? Let us design, send and track your email program, so you can stay in contact and engage your existing customers and attract new ones.
Website Design, Mobile Web Development and Website Maintenance
Need a web presence? Let us design your website. We will help you every step of the way to make sure your needs are met. Whether you need a basic website design or a more in depth design with a mobile web site, shopping carts, seo optimization, or other customized elements. We also do website maintenance.
Graphic Design
Need a unique or a brand design? Let us help you create that special image from start to finish for your business.
Social Media Marketing
Need a strategy? Let us create a social media marketing strategy for your business to help you engage and stay connected to you clients.
Print Marketing
Need those marketing materials printed? Let us print your materials with our professional print services.
Virtual Assistance (Technical Administrative Support)
Need a little office help? We can help you with some of those daunting administrative tasks that take away from your business.
Need a service not listed?
No need to worry. We have formed partnerships with other professionals who are subject matter experts. These experts provide a wide range of services in various small business industries.Sesame Place is the country’s only theme park based entirely on the beloved TV show Sesame Street. The characters of Sesame Street can serve as the perfect party decorations due to their bright, appealing colors. The characters of Sesame Street can serve as the perfect party decorations due to their bright, appealing colors. Baby Shower Ideas, Christmas Holidays, Baby’s 1st Birthday Sesame Street Decorations. Start outside with a Sesame Street sign with an arrow pointing in. Plan your birthday party at Sesame Place for an unforgettable day! You can book either lunch or dinner with Elmo and his Friends at Sesame Place’s Dine with Me Restaurant. This will be a birthday your child will never forget. The basic Birthday Party Package for May through October includes sesame Street Characters “Happy Birthday Song” Sing-A-Long. A souvenir “Happy Birthday” character cup and Mylar balloon at your table. A birthday cake delivered to your table (10 days advance notice required).
A Sesame Street party theme is tons of fun for all ages. Creative invitations build excitement and can increase attendance at your child’s party. If you have time to make your own Sesame Street birthday invitations, be sure to involve your child in choosing the design and filling in the details. Here are some ideas to get you started. To create an Elmo face invitation, cut an oval shape from red card stock. Invite your guest. And for decorations, draw big bird footprints with yellow chalk on the driveway to lead guest. Good luck.I'm a freak. I did the Jillian Michaels 30 day challenge and I saw some results however not enough. When it comes to weight loss I can be the most impatient person. I want to do a hard core workout eat a pizza and then go put on my "skinny" pants. It makes me so sad that it doesn't work like that.
I was fed up with doing random workouts and not really sweating. I need to sweat like I'm being walked to the electrical chair to feel like I did something. Jillian did this for the first few weeks but then blah. I didn't really have a schedule to follow and I got bored doing the same workout everyday. So I started to do some research.
I became obsessed with finding the perfect workout that would work with my life.
I tried the gym before work that went over like a fart in church. So then I decided I needed to do something. Even though I have tried I cannot even get to the gym after work.
One morning when I was eating my 3rd bowl of cereal an infomercial came on. I watched it. I fell in love and I ordered it the next day.
I then went on amazon and ordered protein powder and shaker bottles. I was ready to dive into this craziness called T-25.
Michael wanted to do it with me so we have now for a full week. I love it. I think it is the perfect amount of time but man is it intense.
I look like a crazy person when I'm done because I can't catch my breath and I'm dripping sweat like they just told me they are taking my birthday away. It is 5 days a week with one day being a double day. There is no way in hell that I can do a double day so we chose to do 6 days a week with one day being a stretch day.
I'm making the program work for our life. Most days we do it as soon as we are both home and then we eat after. I'm in love with every workout except the lower body which my saddle bags could use so I suck it up and do it. Grayson plays in his pack and play while we work out and I shit you not that kid laughs at us. He stands up and laughs when we are jumping around and crying at the same time.
I plan to do stats every other week. The first phase is 5 weeks and then the second phase is 5 weeks. You can purchase a third phase but I figured I will cross that bridge when it comes or I will drown myself in my own sweat we will see.ATX step-up auto transformers increase line voltages for indoor/outdoor lighting applications, facilitating use of lower voltage to LED drivers, ballasts, and other luminaire components, at needed higher voltage levels. Suitable for use with LED, linear fluorescent (T5, T5O, T8, and T12), and HID light sources, two models are available to step up 120V to 277V, each with different volt-amp ratings. In addition, the compact, square-shaped products are insulation-rated to 130°C Class B and are UL-recognized.
Thomas Research Products
For more information, visit.
Hide commentsLow Class Medieval House 2
Object Details
3D Model
Blueprints
Author: WesterosCraft
Block count: 193
Views: 155
If You're looking for a house that'll shine bright like a diamond then click 'back' and see some other Grabcraft blueprints. This house is barely noticeable and there's a clear reason for that- it's a regular low class house. Even though it's small, You can see that all the essential things are can fit in one room and that's what makes this house attractive. If You're done building, take a book from the shelve and relax ;)View Blueprints
Blocks you'll need:
Generating model...
(left click: forward, right click: backward, Movement: W, A, S, D, R, F, Toggle mouse tracking - C)
Level 7
E W N S
8 Blocks
8 Blocks
Drag slider < Left | Right > to see different levels:
Level 1
5 2 =Tracking Bank Failures: Three More Banks Are Closed
Regulators.DECATUR, Ala. - The police department is taking applications for a new volunteer summer program to give teenagers an inside look at what law enforcement professionals really do. It also hopes to bridge a gap with the city's teenagers.
It's called the Explorer Post, consider it a police academy for teenagers.
"Some are scared of us so I wanted to lessen that and let them know we're normal people," said Safety Education Officer Heather Atchley. "If they can learn our job, they can accept us more."
The program is three-day a week, for three weeks, for teens between ages 14 and 17.
Detectives, investigators, patrol officers, and other law enforcement personnel will teach classes to give them an idea of the day-to-day lives of a real officer.
Plus, its not a classroom thing, it's heavily hands on.
"[Participants will] move around with our CSI, our crime scene investigators, actually work a crime scene, go to dispatch and see different things they do in there," explained Lieutenant Proncey Robertson.
Parents, be reassured that your teens won't be put in harm's way.
Officers say graduating from the program is only the beginning of an ongoing relationship with Decatur police.
"What we hope here is that they continue to have activities and interaction with our police officers and are volunteers here at the police department," said Lt. Robertson.
After completion, teen volunteers get to work parades, traffic duty, and other age-appropriate assignments..
"It's so important for them to start building an understanding of who the police are in their communities," said Lt. Robertson.
The Explorer Post is completely free. Interested youth can get an application from any Decatur school resource officer or contact Safety Education Officer Heather Atchley at her e-mail hlatchley@decatur-al.gov. The first academy class will begin on June 5th, 2017.
Applications will be accepted until May 25th, 2017.
Decatur Police also welcome help from any business or sponsor with ideas or funds to support the program.Keyhole Flakes
{AU} YDS_ALT:5.10
Route History:
- There is no known route history.
Location:
- Located in Supercrack Buttress approx:
Lat/Long: 38.035190,-109.544460
Route Grade Citations
Route quality
Overall quality score: 72%
Lead Styles
fun feet fist crack
Activity Configure
Check out what is happening on Keyhole Flakes (note there is an unresolved system issue where ascents logged before 2010 are not displayed in the stream below). If you just want to see beta then click on view ascents with beta.There is no such thing as "legal separation" in Texas. The only legal proceeding for separation is divorce. Once a divorce is filed, the court can make temporary orders concerning the parties, their property, and their children. However, some couples fee they need to be "separated" for a time to determine if their relationship is reconcilable or if divorce is truly necessary. This can cause problems because property and finances may remain joint between the spouses while married. While there is no such thing as legal separation in Texas, it is possible for spouses desiring a period of separation with separate finances and property to enter into various property agreements, changing the ownership of property from community to separate. However, the consequences of should be carefully considered. Legally, the spouses would still be married, and may not be completely protected from financial decisions made by their spouse, no matter how careful their planning and detailed their property agreements. Additionally, once the nature of property is changed from community property to separate property, the change in property ownership will remain effective if the separation does in fact lead to a divorce, which may not have been the intent of one or both spouses. The same is also true if the parties do not get divorced, which may have an unintended effect on property distribution upon the death of one of the spouses. Article by Sarah F. Berry.
Read more detail on Recent Family Law Posts –Legal notice about the Legal Separation Separation in Texas?Liberty on the Border Provides Varied Perspectives on War, Features Over 300 Historical Artifacts Including Cannons, Uniforms, Photos, Letters From Lincoln
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 28 /PRNewswire/ — A nationally-touring Civil War exhibit, titled Liberty on the Border, opens to the public this Saturday at the Washington State History Museum in Tacoma. The exhibit, created by the Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal, examines the concepts of “borders” — physical, cultural and ideological — and how they shifted and changed during the periods before, during and after the war.
The 2,500-square-foot-exhibit will feature more than 300 artifacts and interactive components broken-out into three separate sections including: Liberty Denied, that covers events leading up to the war; Liberty’s Trial, covering the war years; and Liberty’s Legacy, that examines the impact and changes seen in the period since the war ended. Additionally, the museum will incorporate a special section at the end of the exhibit that shows how the issues of liberty, race and borders played out in the formative years of the state of Washington.
Artifacts and images that will be on-display include: cannons used during the war; a hat worn by Ulysses S. Grant; uniforms worn by both union and confederate soldiers; a funeral notice about President Lincoln; and images, artifacts and accounts that help tell the story of slavery including photos and quotes from Frederick Douglas, posted notices from slave owners and actual shackles used to restrain slaves.
The exhibit opens on March 4 and runs through September 10, 2006. Show hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Thursdays 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Sundays Noon to 5 p.m. The cost of admission is $8 for adults, $7 for seniors and $6 for students and military. Children 5 years of age and under are admitted free.
About the Washington State History Museum
The Washington State History Museum, flagship of the Washington Historical Society, is located at 1911 Pacific Avenue in downtown Tacoma, just off I-5. The museum presents exhibits, programs and events that bring to life the stories of Washington state’s history. More information on the museum can be accessed by calling 1-888-BE-THERE (1-888-238-4373) or by visiting.CBP Computer Outage Prompts US Airport Delays
Impacting Travel Patrick Clarke January 02, 2018
A U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) computer outage caused significant delays at airports across the country Monday.
According to CNN, the temporary outage lasted two hours and affected international travelers passing through several major airports, including New York's John F. Kennedy International.
Due to U.S. Customs and Border Protection computer issues, passengers at JFK Airport may experience delays in the international arrivals area. [12]— Kennedy Airport (@JFKairport) January 2, 2018
The outage began around 7:30 p.m. ET, prompting long backups at international arrivals areas in places like Miami, Denver, Dallas and San Francisco. CBS News reported approximately 2,000 passengers were left waiting in customs lines at Miami International Airport.
CBP said it took "immediate action to address the technology disruption" and confirmed the system issue had been resolved Monday night.
"During the technology disruption, CBP had access to national security-related databases and all travelers were screened according to security standards," the agency said in a statement. "At this time, there is no indication the service disruption was malicious in nature."
All airports are back on line after a temporary outage of #CBP’s processing systems. During the disruption, CBP had access to national security-related databases and all travelers were screened according to security standards. No indication the disruption was malicious in nature.— CBP (@CustomsBorder) January 2, 2018
The CBP is investigating the incident, which comes just one month after the Senate confirmed Kirstjen Nielsen as Secretary of Homeland Security and one year after a similar outage delayed travelers nationwide.
READ MORE: TSA Delays Real ID Requirements
Monday's disruption also comes just two weeks after a system outage paralyzed Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, leading to more than 1,000 flight cancellThe San Jose Mercury News, San Jose’s chief newspaper, has published an editorial ripping Governor Jerry Brown for his inaction in confronting the drought that is wreaking havoc on the state.
The editorial noted: .”
The paper delineated exactly how Brown’s laxity has hurt the state, pointing out that he could have offered incentives to urban water users to reduce their water use by replacing old appliances using water with new low-flow products. Instead, the paper claimed, his Water Resources Control Board only told restaurants to stop offering water unless it was requested.
The editorial also criticized Brown’s offer last week to provide $660 million for flood control–money that was approved almost ten years ago–rather than offer funds to help famers install drip-irrigation systems or to have the state reduce the amount of groundwater pumping. The Mercury News noted: “Only 40 percent of California farmers now use low-volume systems–and 80 percent of the state’s water goes to agriculture. Reducing the use of flood irrigation in the Central Valley is the state’s greatest water-saving opportunity.”
A third criticism leveled at Brown charged him with ignoring ornamental lawns, and urged him to force parks, golf courses and ballfields to use recycled water.
The op-ed insinuates that there may be an ulterior motive behind Brown’s inaction: if water conservation techniques are implemented and became successful, then Brown’s $25 billion Delta twin-tunnels project to transport water to the Central Valley and Southern California would be imperiled.
Brown asked the federal government for $4 billion dollars to help build the Delta Tunnels project, according to Southern California Public Radio (SCPR), which even the EPA said would violate the Clean Water Act. SCPR reported that U.S. Rep. John Garamendi (D-CA) had called the project a “boondoggle” and claimed it would put San Francisco Bay and the Sacramento Delta at risk.
The editorial concluded, “He said last week he’s considering additional measures. Think fast, governor.”
Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page.Unrecognisable AF!
Her fashion was Hollywood's best friend.
We Bet These Unseen Photographs of Jacqueline Fernandez Will Brighten Up Your Day.More
Greeting guests at her Englefield Green estate in England, 1956.
Serving ultra glam at a photo shoot in Los Angeles, 1953.
30 Unrecognizable Photos of the Kardashians
What do you think?The Secret to Building Wealth Online is Simple When You Have The Right Tools
DebbieB
Sign Up Under My Link TODAY and I will put 40,000 Free Ad Credits In Your Account
Get INSTANT Access!
Rest easy. Your information is kept private and is not shared with anyone! We just want to show you what is making money online today. you can opt out at anytime.“those who escape hell
however
never talk about
it
and nothing much
bothers them
after
that.”
― Charles Bukowski
Once we face the demons
Once we find reflection beyond the dark abyss
Once we understand the depths of what we can live through
The world becomes a kinder place
Once we cry the hardest tears
Once we have lost all that makes sense
Once we recover and stand on our feet again
The world becomes a simpler place
Once the wound stops bleeding and death has not arrived
Once we hold onto the pain only as a lesson learned
Once we forgive the mistakes in the road and move on
The world becomes a better place
Advertisements
2 thoughts on “26 Days of May”
Reblogged this on Spontaneous Creativity.
Reblogged this on Heartafire's Blog.Where to Dive After Hurricane Irma and Maria
Some of our most beloved dive destinations have suffered severe devastation after an active hurricane season, including power outages, water shortages and extensive damage to property, leaving the dive community wondering how to help – and when the dive shops will be open again for business. Though the damage […]Read more ›- Join over 1.2 million students every month
- Accelerate your learning by 29%
- Unlimited access from just £6.99 per month
- Level: GCSE
- Subject: Religious Studies (Philosophy & Ethics)
- Word count: 726
What does the term &#145;parable&#146; mean?
Extracts from this document...
Introduction
1a(1). What does the term 'parable' mean? The word parable comes from the Greek word 'parabole', which means "to place beside, to cast alongside". Jesus used parables to make people understand a complicated holy matter by relating it to an everyday factor of life. A parable can be described as an earthly story with a heavenly meaning or a comparison to things in everyday life. When people hear a parable they are forced to think as it has a meaning, which they will have to find out to understand the story. It would usually have a point to it, a simple story with a complicated meaning. A parable can be an allegory- this means it does not have to be true life, e.g. ...read more.
Middle
Sometimes it may be necessary to work out what the original message was as it may not always be understood in quite the same way today. 1a(2). Describe from Luke's gospel, how Jesus presented his teachings through parables. I will now explain 3 of what Jesus' parables meant, from Luke's gospel. 1.The parable of the sower (Luke 8:1-15). This parable talks about the different ways people heard God's word. Seeds were planted on different kinds of ground and they were all taken off in different ways. The word of God is like the seed because when it is planted in people's hearts new spiritual life grows. This parable teaches what will happen to God's word when it was preached. Sower: Minister/Priest Path: Some people are distracted from taking Christianity seriously. ...read more.
Conclusion
He work with pigs and lived on what they were eating. He then decided to go home and tell his father that he had sinned against God and against him. His father said to him he was happy that he came back and he is happy because his son was lost and now he is found. He then celebrated which his brother was jealous of. 3.The lost sheep (Luke 15:1-7) This story was about a man who had 100 sheep and 1 went missing. He went and looked for it. When he found it he carried it home on his back and he called his friends and neighbours together to rejoice finding his sheep. Some of Jesus' listeners would have kept sheep and would have known that a shepherd values each sheep and knows each sheep. Sheep have a tendency to wonder and get lost. Jesus called himself "the good Shepherd" who would lay down his life for the sheep. ..Disconnect
We graded 143 exams this morning. It went more smoothly than in years past. I spent the last hour wandering around to see if I'd missed grading anyone's section, and assuming that I must have, only to find out that I was actually done. There really wasn't much of a curve this year. A's and B's were at the normal 90% and 80% cut-offs. We extended the C's a bit (to about 65%) and that pushed the D's down to about 55%. I do find it annoying that cut-offs for +/- were also specified, which means that I have to do 8 linear fits instead of 5. It would be 11, except that the A's and B's wound up cut-off at the usual percentage cut-off that I use anyway, so I can just use the same linear fit there. Oh, I had a student call while we were grading. He thought the 143 final was today at 3:00. Since I already had a 143 student taking the final with my stats class, I told him he could do the same. This would be more understandable had I written only the date on the board, but, no, I wrote "Monday" on the board.
And this has no bearing whatsoever on anything else, except maybe my philosophy paper if I were going into more depth, but I found a very nice discussion of problems with "original sin." Short version: it messes up free will and makes God look like an idiot.
6 comments:
"...makes God look like an idiot"
the OT does that by itself. Also petty, vindictive, sadistic and possibly bipolar.
^/^ Dr. Levenson would argue that those reflect the attributes of the writers rather than of God, but, yeah, taking the whole thing literally does give a pretty ugly picture.
So he's arguing that the Bible is a work of fiction?
No... not wholly, anyway. It's more that each author was trying to see what the Divine was really like, and saw it through a particular lens. Kinda like the story about the blind men and the elephant. Also, a lot of it got reinterpreted as it was written down, to be more relevant to the issues that were current while it was being written down.
Okay, I can see that.
But that particular interpretation of the Divine leave a lot to be desired.
I'll tell you what Dr. Levenson would say, and you can take it or leave it. ^/^
He'd say that the violent, angry images of God were from people who hadn't quite gotten there yet. They were only getting fragmentary glimpses and they weren't really understanding them. The more peaceful images are getting closer to the "real" Divine, but they're still only images. That is, there's still a human being filtering through them.
As for me... I agree with him that the experience of the Divine (whatever name you give it) cannot be put into words. "Those who know don't say; those who say don't know." *shrugs* As soon as you describe a concrete thing or action, it's certain that you have not described the Divine itself.Topeka Kansas University walked away a winner from a special meeting of the Board of Regents on Monday.
Three proposed KU programs received the board's endorsement and will be brought to the Kansas Legislature as part of the pitch for about $17 million in new higher education funds next year. All told, the three programs add up to $6.5 million next year and about $10.5 million over the next three.
The programs include expansion of the School of Pharmacy, expansion of programs in health sciences, accounting and engineering, and the creation of a program to allow those with degrees in math or
science fields to simultaneously earn teaching certificates.
"I think they were good proposals," said KU Chancellor Robert Hemenway. "KU put together good proposals that are meant to face some of the major person-power shortages that are facing state government."
None of the programs the regents endorsed Monday has funding yet. They will be included as examples of how the university would use new funds in the upcoming fiscal year. If legislators deliver some of the new funds, but not all, the regents would then determine how to divide the money.
If they don't appropriate all the funds the regents have requested, "I think they'll tell us 'This is our No. 1 priority and our No. 2 priority is this. Do what you want with the rest of the money,'" regents chairwoman Christine Downey-Schmidt said.
In addition to the KU proposals, the regents also approved a program to increase math and science teachers at Emporia State, to create a School of Construction at Pittsburg State, to expand a work-based learning program at Wichita State and to expand the number of Kansans with advanced science degrees through a Fort Hays State program.
Kansas State, however, was nearly shut out of the regents' investment package. The board did not agree to include K-State's targeted research funding until they agreed to a two-year trial at a 40 percent funding level, rather than the five-year commitment K-State sought.
And even then, the vote was only 5-3 in favor, whereas all the other investments passed with unanimous support of the eight members present.
"The onus is on the institutions to say whether this is a critical need," regent Donna Shank said. "I picked the proposals that I thought were the most critical and that made the best case for why we should support them."
Shank, joined by regents Jill Docking and Dick Hedges, voted against the K-State proposal. Shank and Docking said they were disappointed in the level of justification K-State provided in its proposal.
"There's not one of us who doesn't want to give all the universities everything they want," Docking said. "But I don't think we want to walk across the street (to the Legislature) without being able to say we really selected the proposals that were most appropriate."
Hemenway said KU would now prepare to make the case to lawmakers for the KU programs as important to the future of the state.
"We're pleased with the endorsement from the regents," he said. "But you always have to make your case to the Legislature."
In addition to the investment proposals, the regents also agreed to seek an overall 5 percent increase in existing higher educational funds.
"I feel the (inflationary increase) is more important than the focused investments," Docking said. "Conceptually, the increase is a deferred maintenance on human capital that I've heard about over 10 years that I've sat on a number of boards at various universities."
The 5 percent represents the 3.4 percent rate of inflation in higher education and a 1.6 percent increase to help the universities bridge gaps that exist between their salaries and those of peer institutions.
"It reflects the fact that for a long time, Kansas salaries and resources were constrained," Hemenway said.
If the Legislature comes through with an increase, the regents made clear that they expected tuition increases to be minimized.
Hemenway said the four-year guaranteed tuition kept increases from affecting 5,500 current students and KU already has taken steps to curtail tuition increases to the minimum level after five years of double-digit increases.
When including new deferred maintenance funds, investments and inflationary adjustments, the regents institutions are seeking about $155 million in new funds. About $85 million would be for deferred maintenance.
Copyright 2018 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
booze_buds_03 10 years, 1 month ago
Do yourself a favor and understand what the endowment is before you throw out senseless comments.
Christian Hinton 10 years, 1 month ago
I'm with booze_buds_03 here.
It is a triumph of financial management that KU even has such a large endowment, especially given that the state provides only around a quarter of the University's funding.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.On to the clothes. We went out a few times, but I forgot to take pictures of a couple of the outfits. They weren't anything too great anyway.
I got to hang out with a dear friend of mine I haven't seen in ages. (she works more than me....) We went Christmas shopping and had a chance to catch up.
sweater, boots- Target. jeans- Forever 21. boot socks- Wet Seal. scarf- Walmart
Story and I went to Target. Who am I kidding, Story and I go to Target
every day lots of times a week. Can't beat the discount. But after being sick I felt like stepping up my game. I even used my new camera. It still takes blurry pictures, but I'm working on it.
shirt- Old Navy. trouser jeans- Banana Republic. belt- Forever 21. bracelet- World Market
I had curled my hair pretty intense and then didn't like it. So I brushed it out and just went with a pony tail.
shoes- Merona at Target.
I really like these shoes. They are a half size too big. I have to stuff them with a lot of toilet paper. It kind of works, but by the time I take them off my feet really hurt.
Can't wait to show you all of the outfits for next week!!!! We have matching Christmas outfits that are amazing! And the in- laws are coming to visit. My Mother in law is a fashion genius. Going to have to step up my game while she's in town. Can't wait :) :)
Merry Christmas!
Liked :: The Pleated Poppy Work It Wednesday RMRS Rae Gun Ramblings Fashion Friday
Liked :: The Pleated Poppy Work It Wednesday RMRS Rae Gun Ramblings Fashion Friday
Great looks! You always have the BEST boots!
Thanks! They are all from Target :)
I really like that second outfit it's simple but looks so elegant I'd love you to add this to my What We Wore and Made Party over at
You look so pretty! Love it all! Happy Holidays~Winona
I love the black and white striped top from Old Navy. It's so cute!
Lyndsay @ Simply Lyndsay
Thanks for linking up honey! Great outfits! Kori xoxoEmile Talbot Hidden
Émile Talbot
Émile Talbot came to the Department of French at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1967 and taught here until his retirement in 2003, continuing to teach for the campus Honors Program and for the Department until the current academic year. He graduated summa cum laude from St. Francis College of the University of New England in 1963, and earned his doctorate from Brown University in 1968. His areas of specialization ranged from QuÃ©bec literature, especially poetry and fiction, to nineteenth- and early twentieth-century French literature, especially Stendhal; lyric poetry; the history of aesthetic and critical theory; and French intellectual history. A true native speaker of French, he read Italian, Spanish, German, Medieval Latin, Portuguese, and Classical Greek.
He published four monographs. The most recent, Reading Nelligan (2002), has been recognized as “a landmark” reflecting “impressive breadth and depth of knowledge in nineteenth-century French poetry” (QuÃ©bec Studies), an “important ouvrage” revealing “un fin jugement analytique et synthÃ©tique” (University of Toronto Quarterly) , "a model of its kind" (MontrÃ©al Review of Books). The field of QuÃ©bec studies was a second scholarly focus that Emile developed after establishing himself as a Stendhal specialist: Stendhal Revisited appeared in 1993, Stendhal and Romantic Esthetics in 1985 and La Critique stendhalienne de Balzac Ã Zola in 1979. At his death, Emile had completed about two thirds of a book on QuÃ©bec poetry of the 1930s.
His scholarly standing brought him invitations to serve as the editor of QuÃ©bec Studies, as a member of the editorial board of Nouvelles Ã‰tudes francophones, Ã‰tudes francophones, La Revue francophone, Nineteenth-Century French Studies, and as The French Review’s editor for creative works. He published numerous articles in such journals as The French Review, QuÃ©bec Studies, Dalhousie French Studies, the International Journal of Canadian Studies, Studies in Canadian Literature/Ã‰tudes en littÃ©rature canadienne, Revue francophone, Nineteenth-Century French Studies, French Forum, Studies in Romanticism, and Stendhal Club.
He is remembered as a generous collaborator by the professional societies to which he belonged, particularly the American Council for QuÃ©bec Studies (ACQS), of which he was Vice-President, President, and Past President, and the Conseil International d’Ã‰tudes Francophones, on whose Executive Committee he served. For his contributions to the development of the field of QuÃ©bec studies, he received the prestigious Prix du QuÃ©bec in 2006, an award made by the ACQS executive board in consultation with the QuÃ©bec government to honor US based non-Canadian scholars for outstanding scholarship and service in the area of QuÃ©bec studies. The French government made him Chevalier des palmes acadÃ©miques.
The twenty-three doctoral dissertations that he directed are a monument to the impact of his intellectual interests on students in the Department (please see below). His former students remember him as an inspired, exceptional teacher. At the undergraduate level, he taught Introduction to QuÃ©bec literature, Realism and Impressionism in Literature and the Arts, Heroes and Heroines: From Roland to Beckett, The French Intellectual Tradition, Paris: A Social and Cultural History, and Renaissance Humanism. At the graduate level he taught courses in Romanticism, Realism and Naturalism, Studies in Verlaine, Rimbaud and the Symbolists; Stendhal; Baudelaire; Proust; Short Fiction from Nodier to Maupassant; the Contemporary QuÃ©bec Novel; and QuÃ©bec Fiction and Poetry since the 1930s.1966 Ford Mustang - $28,000.00
AD SUMMARY
1966 Ford Mustang
Ask someone outside of the US what they consider the classic American muscle car and there is a good chance they are going to respond with 65 or 66 Mustang. These cars will stand the test of time and have become a huge part of American car history. They hold their value well and turn heads wherever they go. Whether you are a muscle car fan or not there is no denying that the Mustang is iconic. This 66 Coupe is a really nice classic that was just fully restored. Since completion it has literally been driven only enough to insure everything is working properly. Other than that it has been stored inside so it keeps that freshly restored appearance. It doesn't have any rust issues and the body is very straight. It is coated in a Sea Foam Green color which pairs nicely with the White vinyl top. The car has great lines with everything having a nice tight fit. The chrome bumpers and stainless trim pieces are all in good shape and all with a nice shine. A custom grill has been added which is a very nice subtle change. It brightens up the look of the front while still bearing the Mustang in coral emblem for a vintage feel. The only other custom feature is the American wheels which fit with the car perfectly and add to the muscle car feel. They are wrapped with BF Goodrich Radial T/A tires that still have plenty of life left in them.
Pop the hood and you will be greeted with a 289 V8 which is what the car came with from the factory. Chrome valve covers and a chrome air cleaner have been added but the rest of the motor has a stock look with everything being nicely painted. The manifold, heads, block and some brackets are painted Ford Blue for that factory appearance. Backing up the motor is a C4 automatic transmission that shifts smoothly and transfers power back to the 8.8 inch Ford rear end. The car has the original drum brakes but all have been rebuilt previously and slow the car to a stop with no issues. Take a peak under the car and it is very obvious that it has been restored. The underneath has been painted to match the top and the rear end and other components painted in a nice gloss Black.
Year:
6
1966
Plant:
F
Dearborn, MI
Body Series:
07
2 Door Hardtop
Engine:
C
289 2v V8
Unit:
333384
333384
The car has the Pony interior done in White and the upholstery work is all in good shape. The dash is painted White as well but is topped with a nice Black dash pad. The original style gauges, knobs, switches, etc are all in place and the gauge pod and glovebox door have the Wood trim pieces. It also has the correct Ford AM/FM radio. An underdash AC unit is in place and it blows cold with no issues. The trunk of the car has been finished out nicely as well with Black carpeting. A custom cover was made for the spare for a nice clean look.
This is a great running car with a great look. If you want a classic Mustang then look no further. The vinyl top, pony interior and V8 motor combine for the perfect vintage Mustang.
Take this Mustang home for $34,500.00!
NOW REDUCED DOWN TO $28.+
-
Jud:
“She tells me how to take care of myself,” Figueroa says of
McCrea, who is a care coordinator for Visiting Nurse Service of New
York, the largest not-for-profit home-care agency in the U.S. “She tells
me to go to the doctor, and not to wait until I get worse. She makes
sure I keep my appointments, and if I’ve having problems, she writes
them down to show the doctor.”
Writing down symptoms is just the first step to completing a PHR. Read more of Judith Figueroa’s story from Nurseweek, or click here to begin creating a PHR.
personalhealthrecord, phr, caregivers, seniors, chronicallyill
ngoc longThe Nokia N1 Tablet is selling like crazy. The N1 went on sale in China a couple of hours ago and it took just 4 minutes and 2 seconds for Nokia to exhaust its inventory.
In case you missed it, the Nokia N1 is a 7.9-Inch Android tablet running Android 5.0. unveiled in November 2014.
The N1 is currently available exclusively in China and has a price tag of about $249 (excluding taxes). The development of the N1 tablet was a result of a partnership between Nokia and Foxconn.
The selling point of the Nokia N1 tablet is obviously its budget price tag, but you can’t completely ignore its impressive technical specifications. The N1 in fact performed much better than the $399 iPad Mini 3 in a recent AnTuTu benchmark test.
The impressive performance of the Nokia N1 could trigger the development of many more such tablets.
Related: How Nokia will still be ‘Manufacturing’ more Devices
It is, however, interesting that Nokia decided on a flash sale for the N1 instead of a more conventional approach of selling the N1 Tablet. The Flash Sale route has, however, proven to be an effective way to sell and generate awareness about a product at the same time.
Xiaomi has been the undisputed guru of flash sales and in 2014 the company hit the headlines after it sold 15,000 Mi 3 units in just 2 seconds. HTC has also in the past used the flash sale option which saw it shift 50,000 One [E8] units in a 15 Minutes Flash Sale.Latest
0
submitted 5 months ago, Tuesday, August 15, 2017, 21:41:13 by bodnerlawpllc123 in Business
BODNER LAW PLLC, Great Neck, New York, USA offers Best Food lawyer , Foreclosure, Federal Food Security Act from Business Litigation Lawyers.
rated 0 times 0 0 - comments: 0 - hits: 82 -
0
submitted 6 months ago, Sunday, August 13, 2017, 21:29:44 by bodnerlawpllc123 in Business
BODNER LAW PLLC are providing local, regional and national businesses, as well as individuals, with legal excellence, results and value in a wide array of transactions, litigation and bankruptcy matters throughout...
rated 0 times 0 0 - comments: 0 - hits: 91 -The utility of generators nowadays is undeniable. Between blackouts, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes the American public is constantly at risk of having their normal way of life disrupted. That is why many citizens consider the option of buying a generator. Generator Ratings helps test and review a wide range of portable and stationary generators for commercial and personal uses. Recently, they released their guide to the 10 best portable generators on the market.
In the event of a crisis that leaves a region without power, having a generator on hand will not only help get life back to normal more quickly, it can mean the difference between life and death. Yet, those in the market for a generator may not know exactly what they’re looking for or what makes one generator better than another. This lack of knowledge could lead a person to buy a subpar generator that will be ineffective when it’s needed the most. The people behind Generator Ratings understand this and are offering buyers a guide to make the best generator purchases they possibly can.
Generator Ratings is a website that is dedicated to diligently researching and reviewing different brands and models of generators on today’s market. The Generator Ratings website showcases several categories for people looking to purchase a generator. Their guides are targeted towards consumers looking for anything from the best portable generator to the best backup generators. Each category gives a detailed description of every generator featured on the list. They provide the specifications of each generator on the top ten lists as well as reviews of their convenience and efficiency. They provide shoppers with an idea of how safe the product is and its warranty. Their reviews display the design of the generator and describe the functions of various features to provide a maximum understanding of how each generator performs.
Because of the level of thought and insight put into each product review, the Generator Ratings website has taken the guesswork out of shopping for a portable generator. This site has given shoppers a way to provide peace of mind to them and their families with their straightforward and easy to use guides. As natural disasters become more prevalent, the increasing need for portable generators will be evident and more people will turn to Generator Ratings to find the best generator for their needs.
Media ContactCompany Name: Generator RatingsContact Person: EditorEmail: [email protected]Phone: 00353818227035City: New YorkState: NYCountry: United StatesWebsite:After bit, that’s for sure; check out this wild sky …
That said, doesn’t seem to be hindering progress!
Sigh … just beautiful!
~
And as to what’s going on up at Lytton Springs, seems like the skies have muted out there a bit as well …
But as with Monte Bello, we’re still seeing wonderful progress!
~
And with that, it is now my pleasure to share with you a little something special for this week; our very own Eliot Nett has contributed a positively lovely Lytton Springs movie for your viewing pleasure!
Thank you Eliot, for giving us all a chance to experience the tranquil grace so elegantly captured in these frames.
Ah, glorious Lytton Springs … So beautiful!
~
Please stay tuned as we follow our lovely vines through the 2013 vintage!
We’re twenty weeks in to-date, and for a quick look back, please enjoy the links below:
Week 2-Lytton Springs / Week 2-Monte Bello
Categories: Cabernet Sauvignon, Lytton Springs, Monte Bello, Video, Vineyards and Oenology, ZinfandelClaire Shaw
Claire Shaw has joined greetings specialist Gemma International as Licensing Manager. She will report to Tim Rudd-Clarke, CEO.
Claire will help develop and grow Gemma’s business while managing its portfolio of licences which includes the likes of Peppa Pig, Moshi Monsters and Hello Kitty.
Shaw arrives from Classic Media where she worked for seven years, most recently as VP Consumer Products. Prior to that she worked at Granada Ventures and Disney.With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
An application developer, web developer, and front-end developer with 6 yrs of IT experience. A web standard and web accessibility advocate. My professional mission is, to offer my skills effectively and efficiently for the client's satisfaction.Now I'm here to serve you complete solution for your problem with high level of expertise, quality and timely manner. Your satisfaction is key to my success.Read More »Jimmy Kimmel made a tearful speech about his newborn baby’s health crisis
And even Barack Obama’s talking about it.
Jimmy Kimmel opened his late-night talk show on Monday by delivering an unusual opening monologue, explaining why he was forced to cancel his show the week previously.
The 49-year-old presenter explained to the audience that he and his wife Molly had just welcomed their second child together, a boy named William ‘Billy’ Kimmel.
Although enduring an ‘easy labour’, with Billy appearing to be ‘a normal baby’, Jimmy explained how an attentive nurse noticed that the newborn had a heart murmur and that he was slightly purple.
Breaking down in tears, Jimmy recounted the ‘terrifying’ moments that followed Billy’s birth, with his son being diagnosed with a congenital heart disease, Tetralogy of Fallot with pulmonary atresia, forced to undergo immediate surgery.
Jimmy then explained how at just three days old, Billy had open heart surgery at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles which was successful, but went on to explain how his son will still need to have a similar operation in the next six months, and a third non-evasive surgery when he is older.
Taking the time to thank every person who had helped to save his son’s live, Jimmy named the nurses, doctors, family members and friends, even joking ‘I hate to say it, but even that son-of-a-bitch
‘Most of all, I want to thank my wife Molly,’ Jimmy concluded. ‘First.’
Jimmy ended his monologue by praising the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare), a US health care law, in danger of being repealed.
‘Before 2014, if you were born with congenital heart disease like my son was, there was a good chance you would never be able to get health insurance because you had a pre-existing condition,’ Jimmy explained to the audience. ‘You were born with a pre-existing condition, and if your parents didn’t have medical insurance, you might not even live long enough to get denied because of a pre-existing condition.’
on behalf of my family, thank you for the lovely and loving tweets about our son Billy and for your donations to XO
— Jimmy Kimmel (@jimmykimmel) May 2, 2017
Pleading with politicians to ensure that all US citizens have access to healthcare, no matter their financial situation, Jimmy explained, ‘If your baby is going to die it shouldn’t matter how much money you make.’
Jimmy’s emotional monologue was met by praise and support, with celebrities from Ellen DeGeneres to Christina Applegate tweeting their love. Even Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama paid their respects, with Obama tweeting ‘Well’s wife, Molly, had the best response to Obama’s message, tweeting ‘someone is angling to be Billy’s godfather.’
Someone is angling to be Billy's godfather.
— Molly McNearney (@mollymcnearney) May 2, 2017
I am thankful to love and be loved by these two brave guys. Both criers. pic.twitter.com/NL0C3K3Q4E
— Molly McNearney (@mollymcnearney) May 2, 2017
She also tweeted a photo of Jimmy and his son, captioned ‘I am thankful to love and be loved by these two brave guys. Both criers’, as well as a message of thanks, saying ‘We had a baby. Here is the story told so eloquently by my sweet husband. Thank you for all the love, support and prayers. Xo.’A rental car from Enterprise Rent-A-Car is perfect for road trips, airport travel, or to get around town on the weekends. Visit one of our many convenient neighborhood car rental locations in Minneapolis or rent a car at MinneapolisSt. Paul International Airport (MSP).
Book great rental car deals at our Minneapolis.
Looking for a truly unique driving experience? Try our Exotic Rental Car Collection. Choose from a selection of high-end, late model, exotic sports cars, sedans and SUVs from some of the world’s top luxury car manufacturers.Euro 2012 Captain Profiles
A vital component in any title winning team is the presence of a strong leader. Goal.com takes a look at the captains featuring in Euro 2012.
TOP 10: Football's most controversial players
Despite the introduction of video refereeing and disciplinary committees, football remains a dirty game. Goal counts down its worst offenders
EXCLUSIVE: Bayern's Muller reveals top 3 defenders
The Germany international has come up against some of the finest performers in the business in his career
HAYWARD: Did we witness the end of Barcelona's MSN?
The Argentine produced a superb showing as Barcelona beat Real Madrid in Miami - and can lead them to great things even if the Brazilian moves on
REDDY: Salah & Solanke silence transfer disaster fears
The two attackers both scored in the 3-0 victory over Hertha Berlin, with fellow new acquisition Andy Robertson also impressing
TV Guide: Where to catch your football this week
Wondering where to get your football fix this week? Look no further than Goal.com India's comprehensive TV guide...
20:20--Angers S.C.O. vs. Stade De Reims—(Ten Action)
23:16- FC Ingolstadt 04 vs. Hamburger SV- (Star Sports 1 and HD1)
23:16- SV Darmstadt 98 vs. SV Werder Bremen- (Star Sports 2 and HD 2)
23:30- FC Bayern Munich vs. VfL Wolfsburg- (Star Sports 4)
00:15 West Ham vs Birmingham (Capital One Cup)—Ten Action, Ten HD
00:30- PariFidget Toy Bundle #5- Fidget Set for Students, Adults and Children
Curious Minds Busy Bags
This bundle contains 2"
Stretch Ball - This is a very fun stress toy that is not only calming, but it also helps build hand and finger muscles and bilateral coordination.
The ball is about 2.5" when it is round,. 1 Random color.
BumpyVery Original, 302 V8, Auto, New Interior, New Top
- Condition: Used
- Make: Ford
- Model: Mustang
- SubModel: Convetible
- Type: Convertible
- Doors: 2
- Year: 1972
- Mileage: 75,902
- VIN: 2F03F191841
- Color: Red
- Engine size: 302 V8
- Number of cylinders: 8
- Transmission: Automatic
- Drivetrain: Rear Wheel Drive
- Interior color: White
- Vehicle Title: ClearWant to buy? Contact seller!
1972 Ford Mustang Convetible
Most 1972 Ford Mustangs have seen better days but this example is not most 1972 Mustangs. This Mustang is a wonderful driver quality original car. It is a factory 302 V8 Mustang that starts perfectly each time and runs great. The automatic transmission shifts seamlessly through all the gears. Mechanically this Mustang is great. The exterior was painted more than likely about 20 years ago but still looks really good with just a slight hint of fade, rom 10 feet it looks amazing. It has your normal scratches and dings for a 20 year old paint job. The body is very solid with no exterior rust. The undercarriage is still very solid also. There is a spot on the drivers floor board and it appears the inner rear quarters have been patched at some point but overall it is in great shape. The Mustang was thoroughly undercoated at the factory and possibly later in life and some of it is flaking off but still has done its job very well protecting the underside.Please view the video and pictures to get an idea of the few rust spots. The interior looks excellent. We just had all new seat upholstery installed, he carpet has age but looks good and the dash and door panels are in fine shape. The power Convertible Top works perfectly and the convertible top is NEW as well as the cover. The factory radio is still in the car. The factory AC still works it won’t freeze you out but it is cold. The power steering works great as well. It appears to have the original spare tire. The Chrome wheels are in very good condition and the BF Goodrich tires have abundant tread remaining. If you are looking for the perfect weekend driver and car cruise in ride look no further it will get you plenty of looks and you will enjoy every minute of driving this beauty! Call me, uke Godwin, oday at 803-622-59.Spacious self catering cottages in lovely setting on working farm, near Haddington and close to Edinburgh, the coast and beautiful Lammermuir hills.
Two lovely spacious self catering cottages converted from farm buildings, on working farm. Set down their own drive looking out onto the East Lothian countryside. Each has its own garden and ample parking. The Arches has 3 bedrooms and The Stables 2 bedrooms. The Stables is wheelchair accessible throughout.
Both cottages are heated from our biomass boiler and are very cosy.
Ideal base for touring Edinburgh, East Lothian and the Borders..Legal & Financial Nampa
1 - 2 of 2 listings
Listings
Mountain America Credit Union - Nampa BranchFinancial Institutions Nampa (Idaho) 08/28/2017
Visit Mountain America Credit Union’s Nampa Branch at 112 2nd Street South in Nampa, Idaho for your banking needs. Credit union services include checking and savings accounts, auto and home loans, and personal finance consulting. ATM ...Represented a multinational telecommunications company in its acquisition of wireless spectrum licenses from Southern Michigan Cellular Company.
Sending an email will not establish an attorney-client relationship. You should not send us any information that you want treated confidentially. By clicking Accept you acknowledge that we may review and use any information you transmit to us.WhatsApp Switches On Full End-To-End Encryption For All Users
Update to WhatsApp should protect users from government snooping and cybercriminals
Facebook-owned WhatsApp, which has more than a billion users, has reacted to wider concerns surrounding user privacy in the technology space by introducing end-to-end encryption across its services.
From today, any messages or content such as photos or videos sent using the app will only be seen by the intended recipient or group members, making it “sort of like a face-to-face conversation”, WhatsApp said.
This means that users are now safe from governments or oppressive regimes that may want to snoop on their messages, cybercriminals or hackers, and even WhatsApp itself.
Secure
“WhatsApp has always prioritised making your data and communication as secure as possible,” said the company’s founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton.
.”
Koum noted that the move echoed personally with him, having grown up in the repressive USSR regime which actively spied on its citizens and clamped down on free speech.
“Encryption is one of the most important tools governments, companies, and individuals have to promote safety and security in the new digital age,” he said. “Recently there has been a lot of discussion about encrypted services and the work of law enforcement. While we recognise the important work of law enforcement in keeping people safe, efforts to weaken encryption risk exposing people’s information to abuse from cybercriminals, hackers, and rogue states.”
WhatsApp has supported end-to-end encryption on its Android app since November 2014, but now the service will be available across all its platforms, included the desktop-focused WhatsApp Web.
Stay safe
Data encryption has become somewhat of a hot topic in recent weeks following Apple’s battle with the FBI over its refusal to hack into the iPhone of San Bernardino terrorist Syed Rizwan Farook.
Apple CEO Tim Cook had robustly defended his company’s stance on encryption, which had gained widespread support from the general public and the technology industry as a whole.
However, the FBI says it was able to successfully gain access to the locked iPhone following assistance from an unnamed third party.
TechWeekEurope readers side with the authorities, with more than half agreeing that smartphone manufacturers should provide access to content to law enforcement if it is an ‘issue of national security’.
Are you a security pro? Try our quiz!At Materion Barr Precision Optics & Thin Film Coatings, we manufacture NIST traceable thickness standards used to calibrate surface profilometry equipment. Our standards are used by many of the largest high performance equipment manufacturers in the world, and are certified using a NIST calibrated surface profilometer.
We offer a variety of off-the-shelf thickness standards, including:
We offer standards in sets of five, in any combination.
Materion Barr Precision Optics & Thin Film Coatings can re-certify standards. Depending on the re-certification, standards can be returned to customers in as quickly as 10 days. To learn more about Thin Film Thickness Standards, contact Materion Barr Precision Optics & Thin Film Coatings.Home / AuthorTM. team of technical and professional services experts who have been trained specifically to support Quark Web-to-Print System. To learn more about Oberon, please visit:.®,.
To learn more about Quark Web-to-Print System 9.1, Quark XML Author, and the Quark logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Quark Software Inc. and its affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.Dear Unreliable Narrator, Last Night America Did Us Proud
Dear Unreliable Narrator,
The school year is almost at an end, and you’ve learned so much about the world–most of it wondrous, some of it not so good. You started out the year unable to swing your way across the monkey bars. Now, you can. You can even curl yourself up and around and drop down, just by hanging on with your hands and flipping your legs over your head. You write your name with ease. You can even read some three letter words, although I feel certain you can read more and just aren’t telling us. When you talk, I’m always amazed to realize that you’re only 4.5, and not 8 or 9 years old.
One of the most interesting developments in your life is discovering the existence of bad people. I think this is absolutely correlated with your fixation on creating a taxonomy of the superhero universe, knowing exactly whose magic powers can go up against whose, at what strength, and who would prevail. At the beginning of the year, A., H., A., and another boy in the older pre-K classes tormented you, and it broke my heart and your father’s heart to see you so sad. I don’t know why they targeted you, and it defies the reality that everyone else finds you agreeable if not delightful. Maybe they instinctively hated what others found so appealing; since Iago hated Othello with an irrational dislike this has been so. Or maybe I’m just a mama who glosses over your faults and talks up your many fine points. So be it, I’m partial to you. I see that as my job.
At any rate, we wondered how to equip you against these Mean Boys. We talked often with you, role-played, gave you things to say and situations to say them in. We talked to your teacher, who then talked to the Mean Boys’ teacher and also to the Mean Boys themselves.
It took a while before the sadness left your eyes and you regained your enthusiasm for going to school. And even now you worry about going to the bathroom in the 3-4 pm after-hours twilight zone, just in case those Mean Boys are there to hassle you when you’re vulnerable using the toilet. I think they have left you alone but I think they’ve also left a scuff on you. (And when I see them in the playground I admit I can’t help but scowl a little.)
It’s a hard walk to balance in the world of men, and I’m already feeling something I’m saddened by: the loss of a ready remedy that I can apply. At the same time, I know it simply means that you are coming into your own world, and you will have to seek the remedies that work for you. I can’t learn everything for you, nor can I absorb everything bad of the world on your behalf. Much as I would, if I could. But these little dents and setbacks will have to be your practice for learning resiliency, so the bigger cruelties of the world don’t unseat you. I’ll help you as best as I can. But as with learning anything, you’ll have to get your hands all over it to feel what it feels like.
I will help you to stand up for yourself without aggressing against others. I will help you learn to assert who you are without tearing someone else down. I will try–and, lordy it’ll be HARD because it doesn’t come naturally to me (see previous post ranting against Clinton)–to show you how taking the high road now can save you from having to eat crow, burn a bridge, or get burned in return later. I want you to feel deep in your bones, from the souls of your feet, that you are wonderful and you matter and you are unique. BUT. So are other people. And your wonderfulness shouldn’t detract from others. And their wonderfulness doesn’t lessen you.
It’s tempting to view the world through a model of scarcity. But is that really the case? Can we will a model of abundance–spiritual abundance–into being?
I want you to learn how to lead, not by coercion or through force or deception, but because you have an inner moral compass attuned to justice that other people can sense and trust. I want you to learn how to be part of a mass movement for justice where you truly experience how the sum can be greater than the parts.
Last night we sat on the sofa and I watched Obama give thanks to his wife, daughters and grandmother as he accepted the nomination of the Democratic Party. And you watched a little bit before you got bored (I guess four straight months of “Obama, Obama, Obama” can do that to a four and a half year old) and asked for Thomas the Tank. But at least you saw a tiny piece of history made. You’re growing up to think that IT IS TOTALLY WITHOUT NOTE, BORINGLY EVERYDAY, IN FACT, THAT A BLACK MAN (OR A WHITE WOMAN) COULD BECOME PRESIDENT.
What progress. We go as far as we can ourselves and then we move our kids forward from that point. I have such hope for our country when I look at you, and when I see other kids and their parents who all, if anything is right with the world, want our children’s lives to be better than our own. And we have written and marched and sang and registered voters and phone-banked and caucased. Because that is how much we love you, our cherished children.
Please think of Senator Obama, who I hope will be our president til you are 12, and then I hope whoever he trusts to extend his work as his VP will be your president til you are 20. Please know that it is possible to be an honorable man, one who is aboveboard and tries to discern the right thing and then do it. Please know that you can fight ferociously hard for what is right and fight fair at the same time. You have an example of someone who is smart, principled, and extremely able who is a nice guy. Who can win. Who will keep winning, if all of us do our part. You’ve seen him speak. You know that he exists.
Dearest child, last night America did us proud. This country is a wonderful one, when we live up to what we say we are. Even if we achieve only half of what we set out to do, our efforts make us noble. This is the America I want you to see. And this is the America I want you to live in. It’s the single biggest thing I could do for you and for everyone else’s kids. Because I want to do you proud.
Love,
Mama
seriously, woman. you kill me. i’m huddled over my laptop in my office at nearly 3am sobbing and going “what she said! what she said! exactly what she said!!” my neighbors now think i’m nuts.
xooxoxox,
may
beautiful! this is exactly what I want to tell my son (when he is born in 2 months). And what gives me shivers to think about, is that (hopefully) at age 8, my son will never have known any President *but* Obama.
Sara,
Thanks for your lovely comments! I’m only now just getting around to replying to everybody (er, um all 3 of you), because the end of the school year is coming to a close and that means scrambling to do everything that didn’t get accomplished, *while I still have preschool hours to do my work.* (Some day, you too will experience this!)
Awww, good luck with your sweet baby and yes, let’s put our collective might to electing Obama president so as to put the messes of the last 8 years behind us.
Mayumi,
So glad my words touched you. “Only connect” (E. M. Forster, and all).
Re: your neighbors…how can they think you’re nuts when you’ve heard *them* doing the nasty? And therein lies the Mutual Assured Destruction of life in dense urban centers with thin-walled construction.
:*I placed an order with my comic book shop today, which means I now have to wait a good week and a half before I get my hands on these books. There are a couple of goodies in this order, including Battle for the Cowl #2, which I'm REALLY looking forward to reading. Here's the rest of the order.
Batman Battle for the Cowl (2009 DC) 2A
Booster Gold (2007 DC 2nd Series) 19
Catwoman (1993-2001 2nd Series) 62
Green Arrow (1987 1st Series) 51
Green Arrow (1987 1st Series) 52
Green Lantern (2005- 3rd Series) 39A
JLA 80-Page Giant (1998) 2
Justice League America (1987) 28
Justice Society of America (2006 3rd Series) 25A
New Avengers Reunion (2009) 2
Secret Six (2008 3rd Series) 8
Starman One Million (1998) 1
Superboy Risk Double-Shot (1998) 1
Superman (1987) 668
Superman Up, Up and Away TPB (2006) 1
Superman World of New Krypton (2009) 2A
Teen Titans (2003- 3rd Series) 69
Teen Titans (2006) Annual 2009 NM 1
Titans (2008 2nd Series) 12
War of Kings (2009 Marvel) 2A
War of Kings Ascension (2009) 1A NM
Besides BftC #2, War of Kings #2 looks to be a must read book. So, there you have it, mainly new books, with a few back issues thrown in for good measure. There's nothing more to do now but to try to avoid any spoilers, and wait...
Wednesday, April 8, 2009
And now, I wait...AGRICULTURE and Water Resources Minister Barnaby Joyce has released the first round of grants from the $5 million Leadership in Agricultural Industries Fund.
It came after Mr Joyce was given a prod earlier in the week by Shadow Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon over delays in revealing which farm sector representative groups had been awarded funding.
“More than a year since the election, not one cent of Leadership in Agricultural Industries funding has been spent,” Mr Fitzgibbon said.
The Fund, revealed in last year’s federal election campaign as a Coalition farm policy promise, is believed to have attracted about $25m in grant applications for the $5m bucket of money.
The 27 successful grant recipients include the Cattle Council of Australia to establish a new peak body, Sheepmeat Council of Australia to develop a Future Flock Network and WoolProducers Australia for the Raising the Baa Leadership Program.
Mr Joyce is expected to make further announcements of successful applicants in time.
He said the Fund provided wide-reaching benefits and supported farming, forestry and fisheries representative organisations to boost their leadership skills long into the future.
“The Coalition government recognises strong industry leadership is critical to agriculture remaining one of the pillars of our national economy, building on the sector’s outstanding performance as the key driver of national GDP growth in 2016-17,” he said.
Mr Joyce said Cattle Council would receive $500,000 to support activities leading to the establishment of Cattle Australia - a new representative body to provide leadership across the grass fed cattle industry - and for leadership capacity building once the entity is established.
“This industry led reform is welcome news and a much anticipated development for the cattle industry,” he said.
“This funding gives effect to the recommendations of the Senate Committee inquiry into the red meat sector which saw a role for government to assist Cattle Council of Australia transition to a new producer representative body.”
Cattle Council President Howard Smith said his group had,” he said.
“Cattle Council has remained committed to the restructure and providing Australia's beef producers with better representation.
“We have undertaken incremental change over the past few years and with this announcement we are now equipped with the resources to take the next big step.”
Troy Setter, Independent Chair of the Implementation Committee said the announcement provided “a clear pathway to implement a direct elect model that best serves the needs of our industry”.
"We look forward to industry support as we implement this significant change,” he said.
WoolProducers Australia welcomed the $187,430 grant it received saying it represented a positive long term opportunity for the Australian wool industry.
Identifying and preparing dynamic future leaders by addressing the representative capacity building gap that currently exists within the industry will result in a robust, innovative and sustainable Australian wool industry, CEO Jo Hall said.
“The WoolProducers Raising the Baa Leadership Programme” will provide an innovative and supportive environment for leaders within the wool industry to continue to develop and refine their leadership skills in order to contribute to building our industry” she said.
The story Joyce reveals first round of Agricultural Leadership Fund first appeared on Farm Online.Enquiries Over $1.7mill
Property Details
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for you to develop a 5077sqm block of land.
Two properties to be sold together with two title having a house on each.
This is zoned Residential Mixed Housing Urban Under the Unitary Plan. This could be developed in to a 10 unit development but is subject to council approval.
Just minutes to Papakura town centre and all amenities as well as the motorway and all forms of public transport. These two three bedroom dwellings fetches rental of $470 + $400 combined at $870 per week.
If you are keen to enter the development market, then this would be a good place to start as this area is in high demand for rental properties.
Call Gerald today on 0212500622 do discuss possibilities of acquiring this.Join FYP-DC's Gold-Medal-Winning Dragon Boats!
FYP-DC Community –
Have you ever thought about being part of the gold-medal-winning dragon boats of FYP-DC? We have openings on our boats! The only requirement if that you be a current FYP-DC member and are in shape to row!
Questions or interested in racing? Contact vic.ecarma@gmail.com.
- FYP-DC is entering three teams:
- Lapu Lapu Warriors (men/women, advanced/ competitive)
- Rizal Revolutionaries (men/women, beginners/fun)
- Silang Sisters (women, intermediate/competitive)
- The Washington, D.C. Dragon Boat Festival is May 21-22, 2016--We are on their front page for the eight year in a row!)
- FYP-DC Dragon Boat General Info
- FYP-DC Dragon Boat Facebook Page/ Paddler InfoDescription
Epilepsy represents the most common serious neurological problem affecting
children, with an overall incidence approaching 2% for febrile seizures
(due to fever) and 1% for idiopathic epilepsy (without an identifiable
cause).
Classification of seizure disorders has evolved considerably over time
and terms like grand mal or petit
mal have largely been replaced by more detailed classifications
based on specific clinical manifestations (symptoms), mode of onset (i.e.
focal are or generalised, cf. International Classification below
) and discrete clinical syndromes.
At present, the epilepsies of childhood are most frequently classified
using variations of the International
Classification of Epileptic Seizures .
Symptoms and Signs
Childhood seizures are characterised by abnormal, excessive discharges
originating from populations of cortical neurones (i.e. in the brain)
and resulting in some clinically evident alteration of function or behaviour.
Therefore, the symptoms of childhood seizures need not include recognisable
motor activity such as tonic-clonic movement. Possible symptoms may include
staring, drop attacks, behavioural changes, or even autonomic disturbances.
The causes of epilepsy in childhood vary in an age-dependent fashion.
For example, seizures in neonates, infants, and toddlers most frequently
result from perinatal brain injury, meningitis ,
congenital central nervous system malformations, and metabolic derangements
( low blood glucose
or low blood calcium
level ).
Conditions that cause seizures in newborns are often serious..
Diagnosis and Treatment
Often brain-imaging techniques are employed to help in the diagnosis
of epilepsy, e.g. ultrasound
scanning , computed tomography (CT), magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI) or an electroencephalogram
(EEG).
Diagnosis is complicated by the fact that many symptoms.
Determination of appropriate treatment for a child with epilepsy must
be individualised based on the specific type(s) of seizure, the child's
age, and the likelihood of significant side effects. Anticonvulsant monotherapy
is preferred when possible and is effective in a majority of children.
For a more detailed table of treatment options depending
on the type of epilepsy diagnosed, go here .
The information in this page is presented in summarised form and has been taken
from the following source(s):
1.
Loyola University Medical Education Network:
Search
HONewsletterPhotographs of the abyss
This work was inspired by nineteenth century mediumistic photographs showing ectoplasms.
Various techniques and photographic materials have been used here to provide the opportunity to catch a glimpse of these strange apparitions.
My work is a quest for the meaning hidden behind the veil of reality. What is really lurking behind the reassuring mask of appearances ?
My actual work is made with mixed medium with the use of generative art processes.Prospective Associations Between Infant Sleep at 12 Months and Autism Spectrum Disorder Screening Scores at 24 Months in a Community-Based Birth Cohort. on January 13, 2018 Abstract BACKGROUND:. METHODS: We obtained data from children (N = 1,096) and their mothers as participants in the Conditions Affecting Neurocognitive Development and Learning in Early Childhood longitudinal birth cohort study. Mothers were enrolled between 2006 and 2011, when they were 16-26 weeks pregnant. Using linear regression, we examined the influence of infant sleep characteristics (nighttime and daytime sleep, night wakings, and sleep onset latency) at 12 months on ASD screening scores at 24 months while controlling for other psychosocial characteristics. RESULTS: The number of night wakings was the only sleep characteristic at 12 months to be significantly associated with the development of early ASD symptoms at 24 months (B = 0.097, P = .021; 95% CI, 0.014 to 0.180). However, other competing risks, especially child socioemotional competence at 12 months (B = 0.573, P < .001; 95% CI, 0.361 to 0.785), showed stronger relative contributions in predicting ASD risk. CONCLUSIONS: Infants with more sleep problems by 12 months, especially those waking more often during the night, showed an increased number of early ASD symptoms a year later. This study suggests that infant sleep characteristics could constitute one clinical sign of ASD risk, together with key psychosocial characteristics. Like this:Like Loading... Category: Autism Research Post navigation Previous: Previous post: Maternal thyroid hormone insufficiency during pregnancy and risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring: A systematic review and meta-analysis.Next: Next post: Genetics of autism spectrum disorder.early computer music ringtones
Free downloadable ringtones for your phone!
These ringtones are 30 second snippets (anywhere in the piece) of early computer music from a variation of early sound artists. They are all .m4r which works on an iPhone, but I haven't tested them out on other phones. I am also pretty sure they will only work on smart phones.
- John Cage - Williams Mix - download here
- Max Mathews - Bicycle Built for Two - download here
- Laurie Spiegel - Appalachian Grove - download here
- Hugh Le Caine - The Sackbut Blues - download here
- Milton Babbitt - Philomel - Download here
- Pierre Schaeffer - Etude aux Chemins de Fer - download here
- Herbert Eimert/Robert Beyer - Klangstudie II - download hereHE 2002: SACD Update Bob Ludwig, ABKCO Stones Releases
HE 2002: Yesterday as a surprise speaker, Sony introduced senior vice president Jodie Klein of ABKCO records to their press conference, the owner of twenty-two album titles from the Rolling Stones produced during the sixties and early seventies.
During his address, Klein mentioned that while the ABKCO titles had been released in 1986 on compact disc, the record company had seen no reason to re-release the albums again using ‘modern’ technology despite customer appeals, stating that the “…improvements in technology had only been incremental since then [1986] so we didn’t feel that there was a compelling reason to go back to market with these classic albums – until now.”
With the power of Sony’s DSD technology the ABKCO albums have been re-mastered from the original recordings and will be release on hybrid, backwards compatible, SACD discs. The new albums will be available in stores on August 20th with a suggested retail price of $18.95 for single album packages.
One thing by the end of the press conference became extremely clear; the increase in capacity at Sonopress, currently the only manufacturer of hybrid SACD discs and the new partnership between Philips and Crest to produce SACDs in their Hollywood, CA facilities is starting to make more sense. Sony and the SACD market in general is preparing to capitalize on customers buying the new titles and perhaps as a result, buying into their high-resolution format as well as deciding to replace their CD player with a new SACD player.
Immediately following this announcement journalists at HE 2002 were taken as a group to listen to a few selected tracks from the upcoming albums on a system comprised of Eggleston Sound Works Speakers, Manley tube amplifiers and Transparent Audio cable. The recording sounded extremely clear and pristine, though not quite as I remembered the original. Unfortunately we weren’t given much time to really listen carefully to the material, so while the playback system appeared impeccable it was hard to determine exactly how good the upcoming releases will actually sound.
But time marches on, and today’s SACD Update gave us the opportunity to learn more about the ABKCO releases and the background to the discs’ fidelity.
Bob Ludwig of Gateway Mastering, a member of the panel in today’s seminar is also the person responsible for the Rolling Stones re-mastering process. After playing a few tracks (more on that later), he went on to talk about why the new discs sound the way they do. He said that they had re-mastered the recordings not necessarily at the highest fidelity possible today (using modern restoration techniques), but rather in the ‘spirit’ of the music. While the project team went back and used the original master recordings, they also auditioned all the releases that have been made over the years to get a ‘feel’ of the music. In essence, what this means is that when a recording was found to be below standard, they didn’t try and make it sound perfect since even the graininess has long been considered part of the the music.
Unlike the custom tailored and extremely well designed system of yesterday, the tracks we heard today were replayed on a system that consisted of Bella Canto equipment, Paradigm speakers and Kimber cable. While all the company representatives admitted this was not the perfect system for the space (they were calibrating it the entire time) it still sounded good. In fact, while I thought that today’s reproduction did not sound as detailed as yesterday’s experience, Robert Bienstock, who is also covering the Home Entertainment 2002 show for High Fidelity Review felt it actually was better then yesterdays performance. Like all critics, we all have our own tastes, but one thing is for certain, the upcoming ABKCO releases will certainly be something to listen out for…
Recent comments1-800-839-1363
Virtual Tour
Opera!
† Excluded Feature
See complete school information
1750 N Bayshore Dr , Miami, FL, 33132 is a Condo for sale at $359,900 with 791 sqft. 1750 N Bayshore Dr has 1 bedrooms, 1 baths, and was built in 2007. The property's zip code is 33132.Education Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment 2017 on or before the closing date indicated below.
This Page Contains
Aspirants are advised to follow below provided steps to fill online application form on or earlier the 24/01/2017. Job appliers, who are interested to apply and keen to collect more info, related to Education Recruitment Board Punjab DPE/Teachers Vacancy you may have a look on the lasting information on this page modified below by the team of the.
Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment
Education Recruitment Board Punjab Vacancies:
- DPE (Teacher): 873 Posts
- Lecturers (Physical Education): 74 Posts
Essential Qualification:
Applicants, who wish to get Education Recruitment Board Punjab Jobs, must have Graduation or Post Graduation degree in concerned stream from recognized university or institutions.
Get More: Jobs After Graduation
Looking For More Post Graduate Jobs: Get Here
Age Limit:
- Age of aspirants belonging to general category should not be less than 18 years and should not be more than 37 years.
- Relaxation in age will be given to the reserved category candidates as per norms of the Indian government.
Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment Notification
Salary Details:
Selected job seekers for Education Recruitment Board Punjab Vacancy will get pay scale of Rs. 10,300/- per month.
Application Fee Details:
- For SC / ST: Rs. 350/-
- For Other: Rs. 700/-
- For Ex-Service men: No Fee
- Fee will be deposited either through online or offline mode.
Selection Procedure:
Eligible individuals will be selected on the basis of Test and/or interview process which will be taken by selection committee of organization on stipulated date.
Before Going For Exam/ Interview, Must Read Below Shared Tips:
How to Apply for Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment?
- To apply against the DPE/Teachers Posts you need to go through the Official website which is
- On homepage, hit on “Recruitment of DPE and Lecturer (Physical Education)” link this is running at ‘Latest Circulars’ section.
- Then you may hit on “Details About DPE Post || Details About Lecturer Post” link to read entire details very carefully.
- Now, hit on “New Registration / Old Candidates” button and must fill all the required details in the online application form correctly.
- Also you have to upload digital images of passport size photographs and other documents image (if required).
- At last, hit on “Submit” button to record entire details and getc printout of filled application form and keep it safe for future need.
Hit Here: To Apply Online
Important Dates:
- Last date for submission of online application form: 24/01/2017
- End Date To Submit Application Fee: 25/01/2017
Note:
For more information related to Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment 2017 you can check the Official Notification. You can gain latest updates regarding Education Recruitment Board Punjab Recruitment through this page of, so stay in contact with us. You can also add this page in your bookmarks, by using control+D.
You May Also Like To Check This Section!!!!
The symptoms of swine flu in people are similar to the symptoms of regular seasonal flu and include fever, cough, sore throat, body aches, headache, chills and fatigue. Some people have reported diarrhea and vomiting associated with influenza-A (H1N1).
Now the bottom line is to be prepared to see a doctor (authorised for swine flu treatment) if a normal flu like symptom hits the individual
A report from Mexico says that as many as 1/3 of H1N1 patients do not have a fever. This is unusual as fever and cough are usually the defining characteristics of a flu.
I have read that the symptoms of H1N1 mirror those of other types of flu. However, I did learn just yesterday that H1N1 can present with no fever. My 16 year old has all the symptoms but with no fever. Very odd and I am positive that her dr will argue me into the ground about how there is ALWAYS a fever and that is just not the case. If my daughter does not have H1N1, I will be very surprised. If they say it is allergies, I'm going to scream so loud I'll be heard into Canada!! I ahve allergies and this is NOT allergies.
A small company in Eugene Oregon has produced an interactive multi-media computer program about respiratory illness. Designed for people with intellectual disabilities, the program teaches about germs and germ transmission, symptoms of cold and flu, what to do if you are ill, and how to start preparing your home incase you become ill and need to stay home from work or school. The program was evaluated and a research report is included on the website: 30 minutes
Address
Lyric Theatre
Shaftesbury Avenue
London
W1V 7HA
Travel
Nearest Underground: Piccadilly Circus
Nearest Rail: Charing Cross
Bus Routes: 14, 19, 22B, 38, 53, 88, 94, 159
Access
Wheelchair access to the theatre is through the Royal Entrance, which is the left-hand double exit door. There are no steps to Boxes E, D and C and each box can accommodate one wheelchair user and their companion. Transfer seating is also available to Dress Circle. Please call 0870 906 3838 for more information.
Infrared headsets are installed for the hearing impaired. Headsets are available from the cloakroom at the Dress Circle bar.
Guide dogs are allowed in boxes (one per box) but not into the auditorium. Staff available to dog-sit for a maximum of 3 dogs per performance.
Buying tickets
To buy theatre tickets for Thriller - Live at the Lyric Theatre, London, please use the availability search at the top of the page or click the buy tickets button. We aim to offer the cheapest prices and the highest level of customer service.
Begin by selecting the date you wish to attend a performance of Thriller - Thriller - 34% - Price Band AValid Sat Mat until 29 Mar 2018.Was £72.50Now only £47.50Save £25.00
- Save 15% - Premium TicketsValid Tue-Thu and Sun until 22 Mar 2018. Excluded on 23-28 Oct, 22 Dec - 01 Jan 2018 and 09-19 Feb 2018.Was £85.50Now only £72.50Save £13.00
- Save 12% - Upper Circle TicketsValid Tue - Thu Evening and Sun both performances until 22 Mar 2018. Excluded on 23-28 Oct, 22 Dec-01 Jan 2018 and 9-19 Feb 2018.Was £50.00Now only £44.00Save £6.00
- Save 40% - Price Band AValid Friday performances until 29 Mar 2018Was £72.50Now only £43.50Save £29.00
- Save 46% - Price Band AValid Tue - Thu and Sun until 29 Mar 2018.Was £72.50Now only £39.50Save £33.00
- Save 19% - Price Band AValid on Sat Matinee from 2 Jan - 22 Mar 2018. Excluded on 9-19 Feb 2018.Was £72.50Now only £59.00Save £13
News CenterBack to News Center
Morrisville State College and N.Y. State Police Special Operations to Conduct Campus Emergency Drill
First SUNY campus to conduct large-scale active-shooter exercise
3/10/2011
MORRISVILLE, N.Y.¬ Morrisville State College will conduct a large-scale emergency drill on campus in conjunction with the New York State Police (NYSP), New York State University Police, New York State Office of Homeland Security, Madison County Sheriff’s Department, and local emergency responders on Wednesday, March 16. This undertaking will allow all organizations to test their emergency preparedness in an economical and effective manner. “Morrisville State College is the first SUNY campus to conduct a large-scale active-shooter exercise,” said NYS University Police Chief Enrico D’Alessandro. “We consider this mock drill to be an important and essential part of the college’s emergency preparedness efforts.” Members of the Morrisville Emergency Response Team will test their proficiency in handling an emergency and review the outcome of the drill at length. The drill will assist the NYSP and local emergency responders in gaining experience responding to an incident in a campus setting. Police officers, heavy machinery and possible air support will be involved. Officers will be armed, but no live ammunition will be used. Volunteers from the campus and community have been recruited as actors in the emergency scenario. Several areas of the campus will be used as specified locations for the drill and will be closed to visitors and the general public from 5 a.m. to 1 p.m. Morrisville’s Children Center employees, Edward R. Andrews Elementary employees and students, and Morrisville faculty, staff and students have been alerted through a series of emails and letters. Local elected officials, including the village of Morrisville mayor, Morrisville-Eaton School District, and all local law enforcement agencies have been made aware of the exercise.. -30-By Brian Griffin
Directed by Tyrus Holden
Produced by AqUa MeRcUrY Creations
Nominations: Tyrus Holden is nominated for Outstanding Director; Thomas Kleinert is nominated for Outstanding Costume Design; and The Pregnancy of Angela Freak is nominated for Outstanding Production of a Musical
About this Production
The Pregnancy of Angela Freak is a dark comedy science fiction musical about a creepy, janky circus in the middle of nowhere. Little Angela Freak the fire dancer is pregnant with triplets and her father, Bart the Ringmaster, is manipulating their genetic composition from the womb. Featuring a corde lisse aerial rope act, the misadventures of this group of carnies and their ill-advised dabbling in the code of life asks “What is family?” and how far will a person go to sustain it?
----------------------------------------
What attracted you to working on this project?
Brian: Before this production of The Pregnancy of Angela Freak, the show existed in a very different short form. I really wanted to work on this production because Tyrus (my co-producer and the show's director) asked me a wonderful question a writer never hears: "Can you make this longer?" Some of the best characters, music, jokes, and story moments came out of this expansion, and I was incredibly grateful to be given the time and opportunity to create them and this darkly comic, sci-fi world.
Thomas: I have worked with the director Tyrus Holden on several projects in the past and have loved the mutual respect we have in our collaboration together. The freedom and trust he has given me as a costume designer has helped me build confidence in finding a creative outlet later in life. Plus he would not allow me to say no to the project!
Tyrus: At its core, The Pregnancy of Angela Freak is about loving the family around us and doing whatever it takes to protect and care for them. I wanted to do a simple musical about a mother's love, but was also drawn to the script's futuristic biopunk themes and creepy circus setting. Plus, the score is beautifully written and the lyrics are pure circus poetry.
What was your favorite part of working on this production? And why?
Brian: I think the best part of any scrappy, hopeful Off-Off-Broadway effort comes from the community that comes together to make the show happen, and I lucked out with our Angela Freak family. There were lots of talented people, many performing double duty. For my own efforts within the production, working on the music was the most rewarding. I composed and arranged all of the music, and Tyrus gave me a lot of freedom when he asked what kind of instruments I wanted to have. I kept it somewhat reasonable, I think--though others may disagree. I loved figuring out how to compose for the violin and incorporate delays on the guitar.
Thomas: I had the opportunity to be the original costumer for a new bio punk circus/sideshow musical and work with a talented and gorgeous young cast! I served a stage hand and prop master for the production and was part of the set design as well.
Tyrus: My favorite part of working on this production was watching everyone bring their best work to the table. The music, for example, is at times harder than Sondheim, but I was working with a group of dedicated actors and a creative team that genuinely loved the piece. We could have a music rehearsal where every song was a challenge and we'd struggle just to make it through everything. Then the next day, because of the work people put in outside the rehearsal room, the songs would suddenly just flow like melted butter. It was beautiful watching everyone grow and lovingly give life to such a challenging piece.
What was the most challenging part of working on this production? And why?
Brian: The space was very much a challenge. We loved our home at The Muse in Brooklyn, but it was initially a challenge finding a space that would let us send aerial performers through the sky while singing. Once we found our home, it was then a challenge to get people to come out to Brooklyn to see a show.
Thomas: Finding time to sleep! Working full time, rehearsing evenings, weekends and traveling from Manhattan to Brooklyn to Queens is exhausting and cost me a lot in cab fare!
Tyrus: Every aspect of this production was difficult. But the biggest challenge was coordinating all of the different components together. Musical numbers required not only making sure the actors were prepared to sing and perform this challenging music, but also bringing in the band and often a Corde Lisse routine (which posed the biggest hurdles financially and logistically). Creating a set that could be put up and taken down before and after every show required some creative thinking. But everybody pitched in to help—one cast member became our makeup designer, another unintentionally became our Technical Director. And miraculously, everything seemed to come together at the 11th hour.
What was the oddest part of your experience with this production?
Brian: One of the audience bathrooms at The Muse has a shower in it, and one day someone decided to take a shower during a performance, which could be heard very clearly from the audience. That was a moment where as a creator and producer, you're feeling your first heart attack come on. Can you interrupt a stranger's shower? I'm still not sure what's appropriate. Fortunately a little atmospheric rain sound effect is not entirely out of place in our show.
Tyrus: We had to get really creative with rehearsal space due to our show's "special" requirements. On the 4th of July, a week before opening, we were rehearsing on the roof of my costume designer's apartment. Fireworks were going off as the cast sang and practiced scenes. We ended the night with a barbecue.
Another time, there was a communication error between the venue and I during one rehearsal and we wound up running the whole show in a park in Williamsburg, using a boombox to play instrumental tracks.
Thomas: Well I would say it does not get any odder, quirkier, or more innovative then when you are called upon to costume a teenage fire dancer pregnant with triplets, a pair of Siamese twins- one a male clown, bio-genetic doctor, the other a female gossipy, Hollywood glamour chatter box. In addition there was a six foot aqua half woman half reptile , a mad scientist ringmaster and a hunky half-dressed aerial acrobat who also plays an 80 year old strong man. Add in a funny script and musical score and you have something noteworthy!
What do you want the audience to come away with after watching your production?
Brian: I would like the audience to come away singing some songs--and they do! I would also hope that people start to think, in an age where sci-fi and comics are increasingly near the center of pop culture, that there is a comfortable home for those things (particularly original stories) in the musical theater world as well.
Tyrus: I want the audience to remember why love is important and to challenge their notion of what really ties a family together. Is it shared space and experience? Is it a shared mission to "save the circus"? Or is it based on something deeper? I want an audience to think that maybe love can be enough to hold us together when everything looks like it's going to fall apart.The metal chomping sound is heard
The longest serial of the Golden Age of Comics, running from Captain Marvel Adventures 22 to 46. Big Bad: Mister Mind. Bound and Gagged: Happens frequently to Billy Batson, often at the end of serials, preventing him from saying his magic word. The Zombies are an English rock band, formed in St. Albans in 1961. This culminated in their most highly regarded work, Odessey and Oracle, in 1968. When the figure turns around, the man is revealed to have a horrific wound exposing his skull and deforming his face. Jay screams and falls on to his back, and a large fan on the set starts up. Jay is pulled into the rotating blades of the fan, and bits of him splatter against a white screen on the other side of the fan.The metal chomping sound is heard, and the commercial break starts with the trailer for Hell Hazers II: The Reckoning whose tagline is “They never forgive.
Replica Valentino Handbags Pouring even more salt in the wound has been the treatment of the new DC show, Justice League Action. The show has been much better received by Cartoon Network’s Periphery Demographic because while it is Lighter and Softer than most of DC’s recent Darker and Edgier works, the humor and action it aims for is more reminiscent of Batman: The Brave and the Bold, another beloved DC comedy/action show. However, the show currently only airs once a week with no reruns and airs at 7:30am when many kids aren’t awake, and will sometimes get dumped for the week in favor of marathons, all while Teen Titans GO! keeps all of the prime Saturday morning slots. This show contains examples of: Academy of Adventure Action Girl: Maggie, if the Fight Scene in “Thor’s Slammer” was any indication of where her character is going. Air Vent Passageway: Used by Henry, Jasper, and Uncle Brian in Past, Presidents and Future Beneath Suspicion: Ambassador Tolo’s PR representative. Book Ends: Shown in “The Liberian Candidate”. Replica Valentino Handbags
replica goyard handbags. Speaks Fluent Animal: Luna, which surprises even her. She never does work out exactly why she can do it. The One Guy: Of the six founders of Equestria depicted in Hearth’s Warming Eve, only Commander Hurricane is a stallion. Upon entering, he discovers that there are now tall security barriers between him and the tellers (likely as a result of his previous robberies). Then the tellers keep having trouble tossing the bag of money over the barriers. When he finally gets outside, the bike won’t start replica goyard handbags.
Defiant to the End: Black Nick Tappitt
Ideal Hero: Stealing the limelight from Will, Drake could be viewed as this, although he is slightly hot headed. “I Know You’re in There Somewhere” Fight / Beat the Curse Out of Him: Drake uses some of both to break through Chester’s mum and dad’s brainwashing, making them look through family pictures at knifepoint and eventually resorting to nearly strangling Chester before they recognize him. The Illuminati: Drake makes a passing mention to them on one occasion, though just to compare himself and his pals to them. Chekhov’s Gunman: In Import Tuner Challenge, after the player buys their first car, they’re immediately challenged to a race by a dark blue Nissan Skyline 350GT coupe with the license plate “EMPEROR” on it. Defeating this opponent leads to a short cutscene where the driver, a Mr. Iwasaki, who welcomes the player to the Tokyo highway racing scene, and asks if they’re aiming to challenge the Speed King.
Hermes Replica Bags Cloud Cuckoo Lander: Donny can go off on some weird tangents. Close on Title: The title doesn’t show up until the end. Cluster F Bomb: This film has the record for the most uses of the word in a fiction film. Defiant to the End: Black Nick Tappitt, who goes to the gallows unrepentant and cursing. The Dog Bites Back: the mulatto is the only survivor of Syn’s first pirate crew in Dr. Syn on the High Seas, before he takes the alias of Clegg. Humiliation Conga: The Trotswrights get put through this. First Dazzle stands up to them and forces them to leave Ponyville empty hoofed. Next, Veronica is disabled by her own mind magic thanks to Hazel while Dazzle reveals to his father he’s found a way to take over the medical division of their corporation (allowing him to make the operation a friend of his needs for her daughter affordable), and can even flat out kick his father out of it completely (something that was Mathew’s fault, which Dazzle points out). Hermes Replica Bags
Wholesale Replica Bags The sitcom is loosely based off Bernie Mac’s real life experiences (something Everybody Hates Chris also benefited from years later), and was also inspired by a Kings of Comedy routine he performed a year earlier. Ratings for the show were initially mediocre, but it gained a solid following during its debut season. Critics and viewers connected with the comedian’s cruder, more honest perspective on parenting and appreciated the subversions of several tried and true sitcom devices along the way. Wholesale Replica Bags.
However, only a minority of firms in the sector are signed up
restoration of a lost seabird community in mauritius is gaining momentum
cash advance An IPO would bring great attention to Roku, which despite its success is not yet a household name, Vorhaus said. “You hear ‘Roku,’ and to the average person it sounds like a sushi restaurant or something,” he said. “But it is definitely an insider’s brand in terms of the buzz surrounding it.”. cash advance
online payday loan Multidrug resistant bacteria strains are “always a concern for humans,” says M. Gabriela Bowden, PhD, a bacteria expert and assistant professor at the Texas A Health Science Center, in Houston. “But if you follow the hygiene rules that you would follow for Salmonella or E. online payday loan
No, no. You’re thinking of the early Socket 478 Prescotts, which were totally fine and had nothing wrong with them. Surely when you overclocked them, then they would draw in a lot of power and heat...
cash advance online. cash advance online
online payday loans How to avoid it: Say no to sunny side up and soft boiled eggs. Eggs with firm yolks and whites are safest to eat. Botulinum produce a neurotoxin that causes botulism rare but severe type of food poisoning that can lead to respiratory failure and death. online payday loans
payday loans online Research suggests that the likelihood of a patient adopting a healthier lifestyle after a heart attack is related to socioeconomic status. A University of Toronto study of more than 3 payday loans online,500 patients found that, one month after a heart attack, those with the highest incomes were significantly less likely to smoke and drink and more likely to exercise, compared with those with the lowest incomes. Patients who exercised more had a significantly lower mortality rate over two years.. payday loans online
payday advance “We often point to Princeton University, which has had for many years its own microgrid. Theyincorporate an onsite generation facility, hydroelectric storage and solar. So they incorporate at the university various elements of these distributed resources and they been successful from the standpoint of managing their own electricity and energy costs with the managing of that microgrid. payday advance
Like his counterpart in Holy Orders, Father Shaun Govenlock, Bowers was committed to an inclusive social work that did not lose its sense of tradition (Bowers, 1954, 1955, 1956, 1959, 1960; Govenlock, 1958, 1966). Indeed, as Bowers accurately asserted: and social work once walked very closely together. There was much that could be done close the gap between them and here, in to bear active witness to the idea of a university which John Henry Newman envisaged Bowers hoped to things which were in the beginning joined together by God, and have been put asunder by man.
online loans The discipline collaborates with the Queen Elizabeth Hospital’s Department of Ophthalmology, focusing on research into vision and refractive outcomes of cataract surgery. It trials and assesses new intraocular lens designs and methods of calculating intraocular lens power. It has a particular focus on the surgical management of astigmatism and presbyopia. online loans
payday loans Acquirer banks don’t face these challenges in the physical space, where merchants almost never know the customer anyway, unless a loyalty card is used. One big challenge that acquirers do face is the ability to think differently and to position themselves in the marketing world. Most acquirers are tired of playing in a low margin, commoditised market and many have successfully added new services that generate more profitable revenues from merchants payday loans.
Cheap michael kors At that kate spade outlet time the station
RESIDENTS IN TIPTON AND SURROUNDING COMMUNITIES HAVE BEGUN WEARING RED RIBBONS, SOME MARKED WITH THE NUMBER 18, STOVER JERSEY NUMBER. WE WANTED TO KNOW WHAT PLANS HIGH SCHOOLS HERE AROUND KANSAS CITY HAVE IN PLACE IN CASE A STUDENT ATHLETE IS SEVERELY INJURED. KMBC9 MARTIN AUGUSTINE LIVE WITH THIS STORY.
cheap nfl jerseys Barry Charles Butler Shelby, NCOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine base; Western District of North CarolinaSentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years’ supervised release (March 30, 2006)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to a term of 180 months’ imprisonment. Charles Bynum Torrance, CAOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute more than 500 grams of a mixture and substance containing methamphetamine; Northern District of FloridaSentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years’ supervised release (May 27, 2003)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on August 3, 2018, conditioned upon enrollment in residential drug treatment. Annette Maria Canania DeSoto, MOOffense: Conspiracy to possess pseudoephedrine knowing it would be used to manufacture methamphetamine; possession of pseudoephedrine knowing it would be used to manufacture methamphetamine (two counts); Eastern District of MissouriSentence: 240 months’ imprisonment; three years’ supervised release (December 22, 2006); amended to 210 months’ imprisonment (April 27, 2015)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on August 3, 2018, conditioned upon enrollment in residential drug treatment. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys And Danny’s brown. Half Mexican brown. A shade darker than all the white kids at his private high school, Leucadia Prep. from china Unfortunately both McGovern and Ruddy have been found wanting. But both are made to look worse because of some of the awful defending (or lack of it) which goes on in front of them. We do not defend set pieces properly, win few decisive headers and are caught out on the turn because we lack pace and athleticism. wholesale nfl jerseys from china
wholesale nfl jerseys And. 2004. Seasons.. wholesale nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys from china They nearly slugged it out at halftime of Chicago only defeat, at Miami on a Monday night in December. (Ryan would punch offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride on national TV on Jan. 2, 1994 cheap nfl jerseys, when both were assistant coaches in Houston.). Get.
A.
However, there are a few things that you have to watch out for
Harry watches as part of his belly does bulge out but quickly deflates. Batman Gambit: Martin pulls off the mother of all Batman Gambits. Ebenezer McCoy suspects Odin and Lea, and by extension Mab, ran a gambit on him, Harry, Harry’s friends, and the Grey Council to get them into a position to destroy the Red Court.
Hermes Replica Handbags When Optimus evaded death at his hands again, that’s when Megatron left a space between the helmets of the two Magnuses he had defeated, specifically for him. Cliffhanger: Chapter 32 of Mercy of Prime ends with Megatron deciding to absorb the AllSpark. Consummate Liar: Gigatron. He tells Soundwave that Slipstream abandoned him when Gigatron came for their sparks in the alternate timeline. Hermes Replica Handbags
Replica Designer Handbags Hit makes a complete fool of Nashirama, using the Time Skip to avoid his Desperation Attack. Once Kale transforms into her Berserker state, she proceeds to clean house and defeat several fighters with zero effort. Goku as a Super Saiyan Blue has his Kamehameha no selled and gets smacked around, but the fact he took no battle damage, coupled with his fairly casual attitude, suggests he wasn’t fighting at full power. Replica Designer Handbags
Replica Goyard Bags The former ends up quitting the Wonderbolts altogether when Spitfire starts dealing out insubordination punishments for not rallying with RARA. Horrible Judge of Character: Part of the reason why Cadance supports RARA is because she believes Twilight has morphed into this trope regarding Starlight; the Princess of Friendship is so protective of her new pupil that she fails to see the legitimate arguments being made by the other side. Replica Goyard Bags
Hermes Birkin replica The main reason behind the popularity of embroidered jackets is that, people like to have things on their jackets to show off the kinds of things that they are into. However, there are a few things that you have to watch out for when you are buying embroidered jackets. First of all, you have to know that anyone can make embroidered jackets, since it is not very hard. Hermes Birkin replica
Replica Valentino bags Helen seems to have been a good mother for the most part, but raising three kids, dealing with Bruce, and trying to keep her own sanity intact is a near impossible task, and it shows. Pet the Dog: While it’s downplayed, Bruce does show a capacity to be affectionate or cordial to his children, such as playing airplane with Alison or reading a bedtime story. Replica Valentino bags
Valentin replica Heroic Sacrifice: Carlo places himself between Corelli and the guns during the massacre, giving Corelli a chance at survival. Historical Domain Character: One chapter features an appearance by Benito Mussolini. Poor Communication Kills: Well, not kills, exactly, but the entire bittersweet ending could have been avoided with the right questions. Valentin replica
Replica Stella McCartney bags she knew it would only terrify the poor woman instead, so the kindest thing was to stay away and ignore the effort to call her. Replica Stella McCartney bags
wholesale replica handbags Faking the Dead: In the finale, Charles is nearly poisoned by the Duke, but he and Alex are suspicious and instead fake his poisoning to throw off the villains. Fashions Never Change: Averted. Fashions do change in the kingdom. When Cinderella decides to wear her mother’s favorite dress, she doesn’t realize that it is outdated until her stepmother points it out. wholesale replica handbags
Replica bags The two siblings faced off against one another in a summer league game this August, as Da Beauty League held a Unified Showcase game. Jess won the head to head, notching a goal and an assist, and several slashes to Boeser ankles. In May 2016, he accepted a prom invitation from Baylee Bjorge, a Grand Forks Central High School student with Down syndrome. And this wasn some social media campaign where an athlete eventually caves to the pressure. Bjorge mom deleted her Twitter account before Boeser saw the invitation, so he tracked down her family contact information to see if she still wanted to go with him Replica bags.
The photo went on to star in encore performances at both
yoga helps to calm that
Fingerlings Monkey Outlet.. Fingerlings Monkey Outlet
Fingerlings Outlet. The future James Bond plays Andy McLoughlin, assistant detective to Corin Redgrave’s Chief Inspector George Walsh. Fingerlings Outlet
Fingerlings Monkey I guess that’s why the Kennedys and the Rockefellers are still the Kennedys and the Rockefellers despite the existence of this tax. The big guys largely avoid paying by employing all the goofy machinations the law allows. The death tax meanwhile only kills emerging businesses like ours and hurts the people who helped us build it.. Fingerlings Monkey
Cheap Fingerlings For Sale If convicted, Parsley faces a minimum of 50 years to life in prison. Off the street” But “One more you know what off the street” Well, for now, his mama will be in court and say ” Miz sun iz a good boy! hez neva done no wrong! Then his attorney Cheap Fingerlings Monkey,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Cheap Fingerlings For Sale
Cheap Fingerlings Monkey Before I tell my story, though, I want to share why I write. First, it’s a way to earn income, while keeping a flexible schedule. Third, time flies.. Cheap Fingerlings Monkey
Cheap Finger Monkey Cheap Finger Monkey.
Dying Declaration of Love: Subverted and Played for Laughs
X’s plans for “the future of humanity” and try to save his friend while still maintaining his career as an extreme sports star.. Brain in a Jar: Borgs, Permanent Cybernetic Installations and Think Tanks in 1st Edition. Sometimes, they feel that there are not enough loose ends with which to string up a whole new plot.
I Want Grandkids: Twilight’s mom. Mahou Sensei Negima! likes to use this to emphasize some of the character’s Replica Valentino Handbags tragic Back Stories; series lead Negi’s home village in the snow, immortal vampire Evangeline’s war torn battlefields in the 1400’s, Asuna’s colossal, rune covered tower at dusk in which she was the tower’s Barrier Maiden.
Arguably, more Valentino Replica Handbags people bought the game for this bonus than for the featured game, especially since ONML had already fallen out of print at the time. Big Damn Heroes: Herbert, Startop, and even Trabb’s boy come to Pip’s rescue in the last act. Dying Declaration of Love: Subverted and Played for Laughs when Replica Hermes Handbags Goristro Stella McCartney Replica bags thinks that Ame Designer Replica Handbags has mortally wounded Emerald.
Brutal Replica Stella McCartney bags Bonus Level: Replica Handbags The five Replica Hermes Birkin exclusive SUNSOFT levels in the SNES version. In the last few shots of the anime’s finale, Harry is actually aiming at Brandon’s chest Hermes Replica Handbags (either animation error or deliberately done so in the Gungrave canon), but here, Harry is said to Replica Designer Handbags be aiming at Brandon’s head.
Ascended Meme: The Monoliths’ Boss in Mook Clothing status becomes this in Bullet Heaven 2, when the appearance of a Cosmic Monolith midway through the game causes the entire party to panic. The cigarette reveals its potency first by blistering Nicole’s fingers, and then we see several drops from it burn through her boot clad foot.
Well.NBA players have been instructed they have to stand during the national anthem.
Donald Trump condemns black athletes for refusing to obey during a heightened state of racial injustice in America.
Report: Golden State Warriors Opt Out Of White House Visit
The NBA can exist as a rejoinder to the vision of Trump's America.
What ESPN broadcaster John Saunders meant to sports fans, and Toronto basketball fans in particular.
Kristaps Porzingis is the NBA's most lovable rookie, and it's not just because of this weird rap song.
James Harden is begging the Based God for a curse, telling TMZ he doesn't even know who Lil B is.News
Space Dynamics Lab Proposal One of Four Selected
USURF
April 25, 2002
LOGAN — Utah State University's Space Dynamics Laboratory, (SDL) is teamed with NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab on NGSS (Next Generation Sky Survey), one of four MIDEX (Medium-Class Explorer) proposals recently selected by NASA for a funded preliminary design study.
"The MIDEX program provides an excellent opportunity to explore fundamental questions of science and technology," said Dr. Ed Weiler, associate administrator for space science at NASA Headquarters, Washington. "The missions we've chosen fully support NASA's vision to understand and protect our home planet, to explore the universe and to search for life."
Last year NASA advertised the opportunity for the science community to propose MIDEX projects that will be funded and launched by NASA. The four proposals with the best science value were selected from 42 submitted. After the preliminary designs for the first phase are submitted, two will be chosen to build and launch.
SDL will be building the instrument for the NGSS project, which is an infrared telescope that will survey and map the universe. Using infrared, the telescope will be able to see light emissions from heat generated by stars, and planets, and may ultimately discover the brightest galaxies in the cosmos.
"Our knowledge about the evolution of the galaxies, stars and planets will be tremendously enhanced by the information that will be transmitted to earth by the NGSS instrument," said Harry Ames, SDL's deputy director for engineering and programs.
According to Ames, this potential $180 million project will be the first all-sky mission to be flown with state-of the-art sensors this decade. SDL is a world leader in highly sensitive infrared telescope systems. A similar infrared telescope built by SDL was SPIRT III (Spatial Infrared Imaging Telescope), flown in 1996. It was a highly successful mission that provided the highest resolution mid-infrared maps of the central region of our galaxy.
Should SDL receive the opportunity to build and launch NGSS, the program would represent approximately $37 million in revenue and would occupy 35 scientists, engineers and support personnel at the Laboratory.Published: 03.01.2018
RichardColemann I'm open mind and looking for diferent experiences and emotions. Great for movie memorabilia collectors and Sly fans! No racism December 27,
Big lips guys lips guys with swag hot guys cute guys guyswithstyle bangtan boys hot boys cute boys. 247 notes. Reblog. Afro Grunge. afrogrunge.
Log in Sign up. Pornstars Top Rated Most Viewed Community Community Home Galleries Members. Photos Videos Photos Videos. Original vintage s unworn boys cap sleeved t-shirt featuring Sylvester Stallone as the one and only RAMBO!
But the heading says teen guys not black guys.
Models Online Now ArnoldJohnson I'm trying to make my body perfect. Cris-brightside Cute Emo Boys. Number Of Videos Phat Daddy Dirk Caber All Number of videos. Most Viewed Gifs Sexy Latino Pants Down Roadside Piss Ass Out. Outfits for Short Height Guys Fashion Tips to Look Taller.New. With core functionalities based on an open marketplace, the first release of maruFreight will be launched in June 2018.
Going forward, the platform will scale to extend its scope to the entire Supply Chain Management, driven by Weathernews' expertise in transportation services.
maruFreight will also provide both transporters and cargo owners with a powerful suite of Voyage Planning tools, and a document management system to guarantee the best possible decision-making process to a high level of efficiency.
Through the new platform, cargo owners will be able to list their cargoes, whilst ship owners will be able to use sophisticated filtering and searching capabilities to bid for cargoes and take care of the transportation. This will open the commodity market to a wider audience, with positive benefits for all players.
To achieve this, maruFreight will deploy a fully open IT architecture for the online exchange that provides a new transparency and simplification of the chartering process, resulting in market-based pricing for both parties and reduced ballast legs for the ship owners.
Antonio Brizzo, a long-time Executive at Weathernews, in both Europe and the Americas, has been named President and Chief Executive Officer of maruFreight. As part of the initial management team, he will be joined by Kazuyuki Shimozono from Mitsui, as Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of the digital marketplace, and from Weathernews America, Michael Greavette as Chief Revenue Officer.
"maruFreight is the next exciting chapter to dive into, and we are thrilled to be developing this new venture with Mitsui, who have been fantastic collaborators from the start," said Brizzo.
"By combining the best-in-class expertise of Mitsui with the broad reach of Weathernews in the maritime and transportation industry, we have the unique ability to take the shipping industry to the next level, creating a compelling user experience," said Shimozono.
"'We have access to over 30 years of valuable data gathered from nearly 70% of the global shipping market," said Greavette. "Now more than ever is the right time to create a digital marketplace where the most relevant data can be mapped for both shipowner and charterer alike."
The highly secure cloud-based platform will allow each cargo to be constantly monitored and the performance of the ships always assessed.
Jan 12, 2018Build a Wooden Bench for Fewer Assemble this sturdy bench from two ten-foot 2x8s, glue and a handful of screws. A newbie can entire it in several several hours.
fireplaces aren’t lawfully usable. These limits have an affect on most of the most populated locations on the U.S. and worldwide.
Rolling Cart – These rolling carts are excellent, but usually pricey. This undertaking results in one (with a detachable tray) for approximately $twenty! You can even customise the end to suit your decor in place of looking significant and reduced for that fantastic cart.
Even so I'm sure that in my no cost a hundred and fifty woodworking plans, you will find the proper undertaking prepare for your needs!
Go ahead and download an entire & pretty thorough woodworking project strategy of a standard bookcase! See on your own how excellent these woodworking designs appear to be.
If you have in now, I will Present you with 4 Unique time-restricted bonuses that will help you get heading together with your woodworking projects even faster...
With 1000s learn this here now of happy people it's time so that you can get in over the motion. So Never squander any time! Get action at this time:
I am hoping to think of a woodworking venture my very little kinds could do by themselves in the Peaceful Bin variety. I’d enjoy to listen to your Thoughts or ideas?
And experience for yourself what it’s like to get woodworking projects performed swiftly, inexpensively and with Experienced benefits whenever
We realize we are already blessed to bless Other people so we just take 10% of the many income created from ChefwareKits.
But Imagine if you may skip this entire part? What if you could potentially look for a source of comprehensive woodworking plans and never concern yourself with where to Get the upcoming program from? And Imagine if these plans could be without spending a dime?
Wow, these designs are so wonderful. I are wanting to do a headboard for my daughter for her birthday and I understand she would genuinely appreciate the guide idea!
Again, all You will need to do to get started is simply click the large, shiny, inviting “Include to Cart” button below. You’ll get prompt access to anything.
Any time you locate a bit of wood furniture that demands just a little like, It is really definitely tempting to only fork above the dollars and just take it household as your upcoming pet project.
Home > Orabelle♀ Orabelle What does Orabelle mean?Orabelle as a girls' name is of Latin origin, and the name Orabelle means "prayerful". Orabelle is an alternate spelling of Arabella (Latin): from "orabilis". Orabelle is also a derivative of Ora (Latin).ENDS WITH -belleVariationsVARIANTS Orabel, Arabelle, Arabel OTHER FORMS VIA ARABELLA, ORA Arabela, Arbell, Arbella, Arbelle, Orabella, Orbel, Orbella, OrbelleCREATIVE FORMS(female) (male) MIDDLE NAME PAIRINGSOrabelle Mariel (O.M.), .. How popular is Orabelle?Orabelle is an unusual given name for women. Orabelle is also an unusual surname for all people. (2000 U.S. DEMOGRAPHICS)Which version is better? Arabella (#187 LAST YEAR), Arabelle (#1706) and Ora are the prominent alternative forms of Orabelle (NOT RANKED). Other variants, like Orbella, are seldom used. Adoption of these forms of Orabelle was well-received among parents less than a decade ago (AVERAGE #1248) and is almost as widespread today (#1297, ▼11.7%), but with the version Ora becoming less in vogue. Arabella has generally been a favorite of parents. (TOP BABY NAMES, 2016) Similar NamesRecommended sound-alike names are Amabelle, Amaybelle, Anabella, Anabelle, Annabelle, Ardelle, Arelle, Arielle▲, Arnelle, Brandelle, Brielle▲, Brunelle, Brynelle, Carabelle, Carrabelle, Chanelle, Charelle, Chavelle, Corabella, Corabelle, Darelle, Fredelle, Gaelle, Gayelle, Gazelle, Gracella, Isabell▼, Isabella▲, Isabelle▲, Isobelle, Izabelle, Jaelle, Jazelle, Jeanelle, Jobelle, Katelle, Korabell, Labella, Lanelle, Lavelle, Mabelle▼, Madelle, Marabelle, Marelle, Maribelle, Marybelle, Mirabell, Mirabelle, Nanelle, Narelle, Odelle, Oralee, Oralie, Oreolle (see Oriole), Oriolle, Prunelle, Rafelle, Ranelle, Robelle, Rosabelle, Sabelle, Sadelle, Samelle, Shanelle, Sharelle, Sibelle, Sybelle, Tanelle, Yabell (see Ysabel), Yabella, Yabelle, Ysabell, Ysabelle, Yzabelle and Yzobelle. These names tend to be more commonly used than Orabelle.< PrevNext > [Top]Back in January, I wrote about 10 uncommon seeds that we planned to start. Of the ten only three germinated: orange scented thyme, jujube, and raisin tree and the thyme died soon after germination. That’s not as bad as it sounds; in fact, it’s excellent because it’s difficult if not impossible to find jujube and raisin tree in Canada. The eight others can be obtained from other sources.
March 2, 2011 Seedlings
Raisin Tree
Jujube
August 7, 2011 Plants
Jujube
Raisin Tree
Because the three jujubes, while starting to be pot bound, are still quite small, I’ll probably overwinter them inside this year. It’s difficult to pin down exactly how hardy they are. I’ve seen temperatures ranges of -10℉ to -20℉. Once they are large enough, they should survive here. I’ll probably do the same for the raisin tree although it’s much larger..
He will not ring the doorbell;
Instead he scrapes at the door
With his bloody hands,
Though there are primroses
Growing about are beginning to sing
An ancient song in the mouth of your kettle.
‘I haven’t much,’ you say
And give him the worst of your food.
He sits at the table, bleeding.
He coughs up foxes.
There are moles,
Evict the snakes and
Water down the whiskey,
Wondering how you got so old
And where it all went to.
The wild god reaches into a bag
Made of otters and red nightingales.
He pulls out a two-reeded pipe,
Raises an eyebrow
And all the birds begin to sing.
The fox leaps into your eyes.
The moles old enchantments.
A pelican leaps from chair to chair.
In the distance, warriors pour from their tombs.
Ancient gold grows like grass in the fields.
Everyone dreams the words to long-forgotten songs.
The hills echo and the great grey stones ring
With laughter and madness and the pain and joy of living.
In the middle of the dance,
The house takes off from the ground.
Clouds climb through the windows;
Lightning pounds his fists on the table.
The moon leans in through the window, smiling. turns wine into vinegar
And death to life in return.
Thanks, Coyopa. Moved me to tears…
My pleasure, F.
F’in Beautiful! Love to you and all who’s eyes light upon your words!
One of my most favorite poems to read aloud in the woods.
Thanks all – proud to be associated with EF! through this piece.
A beautiful and moving poem…Meal Type
Holidays
Featured Videos
Collections
Featured Content
Featured Brand Sites
Product By Category
Tools & Info
Cooking Tips
Healthy Living
Your Kids
Recipe Ideas
Entertaining
food&family Magazine
4 servings, 1-1/4 cups each
Read MoreRead Less
Tap or click steps to mark as complete
Garnish with additional fresh mint before serving.
Insert small sharp knife into stem end of bell pepper. Cut completely around stem. Remove stem. This method will work for any type of bell pepper: green, red, yellow, orange or purple.
The vegetables take center stage in this low-fat salad. The peppers, high in vitamin A, team up with the zucchini4032:171662Published on Jun 21, 2017
David Lammy says heads ‘need to be on the block’ over the Grenfell Tower fire in west London. He told me he wants to see resignations and a proper police investigation into the failure to protect scores of people from being burnt to death in their own homes.
Lammy, who is the Labour MP for Tottenham, says the fire is comparable to Hurricane Katrina and talked to me about the very real effects of austerity.
Read my column for the Guardian ►…
Playlists:
Owen Jones talks… ►
Owen Jones talk back ►
Owen Jones talks to… ►
Owen Jones talks at Guardian Live ►
AdvertisementsThis is a drawing my 3.5 yr old son made for his beloved, Uncle Braggie's, birthday. Uncle Braggie (Dave) is my uncle. It is so great that he and Rafael have such a good friendship and rapport. We Love you Uncle Braggie! Happy birthday!
He drew all of us as a family and always includes U. Braggie. There is an extra person on the bottom with no name. It was to be me originally, but when he drew the mouth, it was kind of a frown. So he looked at me and said, "oh, you look mad, let me draw another one." So, that explains the extra head:}
I used some beigey paper for the cardfront, then Blue Bayou for the card base. Had some Creative memories paper from my mother in law, (thanks) as the mat. The circles on the blue is vera marked is from SU spring mini.
Oh, the other picture is Rafael's 1st and only sleep over so far. He didn't want to call me or even look back to say good night. I'd say he's up for another sleepover eh?
Thanks for looking,
AmandaWithings Activity Sapphire – activity and sleep tracker automatically syncs with your data using Bluetooth, It’s allowing you to visualize your Aptitude and receive real time coaching with the free App Health Mate on your Android or iOS device. A truly stylish and unique tool to inspire and reflect a healthy life style.
activity and sleep tracker
The Withings Activity,
Activity and Sleep Tracker Activityproof,:
Sapphire Tracker
Buy NowFrom Amazon.com
Kobwa Fitness Tracker
Buy NowFrom Amazon.com
EIISON Fitness Tracker
Buy NowFrom Amazon.com
Tw64 Fitness Tracker
Buy NowFrom Amazon.com
FITYOU Tracker
Buy NowFrom Amazon.com
This is the most successful smart watch that I use, this is smart and stander watch that include fitness trackers activities, actually in say a word this watch is perfect for stylist, and I’m so happy with its performance.
As a matter of first importance, I've been utilizing Fitbit and jawbone for the most recent few years for steps/remove/rest following. I got the chance to state these Witlings is exactly what I require as far as precision, looks, and usefulness. One of the key components for me is battery life. I dropped Fitbit (I utilized Fitbit charge hrs.) is on account of its ghastly battery life which keeps going 4-5 days at first and following 4 or 5 months of utilization it just ensures two or three days (I'm the sort of individual that dependably strolls around with low battery in telephone, in the event that I can scarcely recollect to charge my telephone envision the wellness band). Jawbone was more reliable with battery life yet it gave me a rash on the skin and I needed to continually transform it of wrist until I at last drop it. I chose to search for a wellness tracker with long battery life and decent form (i loathe when individuals ask me "hello what's that on your wrist" and need to clarify it's a wellness tracker yakking yak). So as you can picture this watch it’s ideal for me.
This is nice tracker. Its material is beautiful. There has no effect on my skin. I can use its music system. I always use its incoming, alarm and steps counts function those are necessary.People die everyday... so it ain't that big of a deal in the bigger picture and its mainly a story because she had that innocent face put on news articles
What gets me though is how people turned her into a meme for train jokes on Facebook and other sites. I mean I dunno, n*ggas have gotten so desensitized to death and cold that they can just joke about a lil girl dying? That's what keeps me glued to this story more than anything... its to see the reactions to it. Society as a whole has lost so much compassion, to the point they can call a random stranger all kinds of names after they died
really? is that a smart way of thinking.
If i say something to you that hurts your feelings then you k!ll yourself i should go to jail?
suicide is suicide unless they have serious evidence that these guys somewhat stalked her and harrassed her everyday.
Shorty had issues way before she slept with these dudes judging from whats in this story above.
Thats what you would want for your daughter ? You can see the girl had a tough life . I cant tell if your trying to be funny or what but the reality is this girl k!lled herself because of some immature kids even after the mediation session this d!ckhead didnt smarten up , fu*kin low life excellent job parents .
Live by The TRAIN Die By The TRAI
my daughter wouldn't be fu*king the football team
especially before the age of 18
she has to be accountable for her actions
[pic - click to view]Hostal DingDong Putxet is located near the most prestigious medical clinics in Barcelona, such as: Dexeus, specialized in women?s health; Barraquer ophthalmology centre; Teknon; Sagrada Familia; Corachán; Pilar clinics, etc..Traditional building.Medium size.If the receptionist was not in the hostel an automatic check in system is available: 1. Introduce in the keyboard at the building entrance door your code number corresponding to the FOUR LAST DIGITS of your reservation and A at the end 2. Our automatic check in device is located in the hall at the entrance of the building. Your reservation number is: ?? 3. Once the payment with credit card , the check-in machine will give you the key. 4. To open room door put your key close to the lock and on hearing ?bip? you have 5 seconds to turn the knob for door opening and closing. Repeat process in case 5 seconds elapse prior to completing operation. 5. Introduce your key in the electronic device placed at the entrance in order to turn the light on in your room. Out of the indicated hours you can contact the emergency number: +34 638676669 the receptionist would come in about 20 minutes.(c) Donvand Limited 2014The, and has to date flown some 330 flight test hours in almost 70 flights. These flights have been devoted to the identification and freeze of all flap and slat configurations, loads and aeroelastic testing and evaluation of the aircraft’s handling characteristics and systems’ operation throughout the operational envelope. Three more A350 XWB test aircraft will join MSN 1 and 3 to perform the planned 2,500 hours up to Type Certification.
The A350 XWB has already won 725 firm orders from 37 customers worldwide. First delivery is planed second half of 2014 to Qatar Airways.
Source: unknown
Date: Oct 14, 2013Do you believe in magic? You’re certain to start, once you place your eyes on this Magical Unicorn Party by Annaliese Johnson of Made of Sugar & Spice, out of McKinney, TX, USA!
Crafted with the utmost detail and filled with the cutest banners and bunting, this beautiful celebration is truly magnificent!
Although this party is packed with darling party elements, here are a few included, that I have to point out:
- Balloon cloud banners
- Ruffled ribbon backdrop
- Felt floral unicorn horns
- Girly unicorn bust
- Darling unicorn piñatas
- Unicorn themed place settings with star plates
- And last, but not least, adorable unicorn printables!
Vendor Credits:
Unicorn Printables: Absolutely Alexandria
Photography: Moments by Maredith
Unicorn Poop: Say Anything Bakery
Balloons: Party City
Cupcakes, cookies, piñatas, tissue paper: Target
DIY Jewelry Boxes: Oriental Trading
Large Unicorn: Antique Store Find
Unicorn Bust: Cardboard Safari
Magical Unicorn Party
Magical Unicorn Party Details:
Annaliese shared the following- “Always Be Yourself……unless you can be a unicorn, then always be a unicorn! I don’t know about you, but I can’t think of anything more magical than unicorns! They very thought of them evokes rainbows and glitter and awe. My bedroom as a tween was riddled with all things unicorn, and of course Lisa Frank! I couldn’t get enough – and now that I’m a party stylist for little girls’ events, I’m kicking myself for not saving all the unicorn trinkets I collected over the years! This past summer we hosted a Princess Camp and I knew immediately that one of the weeks most definitely HAD to have unicorn themed décor!
Having tackled my first balloon arch during our first session of Under the Sea Camp, I was eager to take on another. I definitely wouldn’t say that I have mastered them quite yet – I can’t seem to decide which method I like best – but I’ll keep trying because they pack such a big punch!
I’m actually allergic to latex, so minimal handling of the balloons is key for me. My amazingly supportive husband inflates them for me using a pump from Walmart to preserve his lungs. I had WAY more than enough, so I figured why not make one for a centerpiece as well? Adding the polyfil “clouds” and silver stars added the perfect extra touch don’t you think?
Magical Crafts
We channeled our inner artists and created some magical crafts. Our first was painted and bejeweled jewelry boxes from Oriental Trading, and then we had fun adding jewels and flowers to unicorn headbands (an obvious choice for a unicorn themed day don’t ya think?!). I used a combination of tutorials from both Tikkido and Jen T. by Design.
The littles snacked on yummy “unicorn poop” made by Say Anything Bakery, and cotton candy cookies and mini cupcakes from Target. Having store-bought treats was a real time saver, and they perfectly matched our theme’s colors.
I’m positively smitten with the way the mini unicorn piñatas turned out! The Target Spritz line has the cutest mini donkey piñatas, so I gave them a few coats of spray paint, added a glittery horn, DIY tissue festooning (following this tutorial), and a cute star rainbow and voila – mini unicorns!
The star plates were a Dollar Tree find and couldn’t have been more perfect for the theme.
Magical Details
The napkin rings were actually mini unicorn clothespins from World Market. They were originally white with traditional rainbow tails, but I gave them a little makeover to better fit our overall look.
My sweet friend Alex of Absolutely Alexandria created the magical unicorn printables and they coordinated perfectly.
Our cardboard unicorn head received a little makeover with silver spray paint and glitter, of course, and I added some flowers to make her a little more fancy.
And because I love unicorns so much, I created a bonus alternate dessert table backdrop…
As much as I was wanting to test out a crisp, white backdrop for this theme, once I started playing with the balloons I knew this backdrop was a goner!
And again…always be yourself…unless you can be the magical unicorn version of yourself!”
More magical details here:
Magical Fairy Garden Birthday Party
Magic is FOUR Real Unicorn Birthday Party
Love Kara’s Party Ideas? Keep up with the latest party ideas, FREE party printables, tutorials, recipes and more by following Kara’s Party Ideas on Pinterest!
That looks so sweet. We have planned a princess party this year. And we are looking forward to the party especially we look forward to the costumes of the many princesses
Michaela! That sounds like so much fun!! Happy party planning! XOXO!Beau Nouveau Enamel and Crystal Flower Pendant-Pink and White
- Pretty up your pooch or yourself with a beautiful Beau Nouveau enamel and crystal Flower Pendant
- Pendant looks great on your key ring, purse or on your dog's collar
- Double-sided pendant is available in blue/lavender and pink/white color options
- Measures one inch wide
- Model number PECEFLW
Product Dimensions:
See Description
Product Materials:
Metal alloy and crystals
Write Review
Your Name:
Your Review: Note: HTML is not translated!
Rating: Bad Good
Enter the code in the box below:
Your Review: Note: HTML is not translated!
Rating: Bad Good
Enter the code in the box below:
There are no additional images for this product.The Philadelphia Bar Association thanks the following for their 2017 membership renewal and continued commitment and support:
The L
Past recipients are the late U.S. District Court Senior Judge Norma L. Shapiro; LLP; the late and Hon. Pamela Pryor Dembe. - Know Your Rights: Addressing Deportation and Detention Feb. 21
The second CLE program in a series of Philadelphia Bar Association CLE programs that Prepare You to Take Action!
Co-hosted by the Hosted by the Young Lawyers' Division, Immigration Law Committee, American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) and Public Interest Section
This timely CLE program will provide background regarding President Trump’s Executive Order regarding the travel ban, how it affects you, your clients and the community…READ MORE - Bridge the Gap April 20.
Whether it's overflow, seasonal assistance, after-ours, or weekends - 1-888-GO-ANSWER! combines proprietary technology with smart, charming receptionists who strive to cultivate happiness around your business. Founded by a family of entrepreneurs in 2012, 1-888-GO-ANSWER! has gained global recognition for its success by staying true to our small business roots and core values. 1-888-GO-ANSWER! is rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau, and Excellent by Trustpilot..
VIP Custody Training March 22
Philadelphia VIP will present a custody training to provide stability for families at Blank Rome LLP on Wednesday, March 22 from 12-2:15 p.m. The training will cover how to represent a VIP client in a master's event or hearing before a judge.
Blank Rome LLP is located at One Logan Square, 130 N. 18th St., Philadelphia. To register,.Christmas Opening Times 2017
We hope you have a wonderful Christmas and New Year from Krieghoff UK & Ireland.
Our opening hours over the holidays are as followed -
Closed from Thursday 21st December 2017 as of 17:00
Open on Tuesday 2nd January 2018 at 09:00.
If you need to contact us, please feel free to email us at sales@alanrhone.com
We've got a lot of big events lined up including the 20th Annual Krieghoff DTL Championships at Mid-Wales Shooting Centre in May and the Krieghoff Sporting Masters at Westfields in August.
The Latest News and Events
We update out news feature regularly to keep you up to date with the latest events and stories. If you have any interesting stories you would like us to know about, please send us an email with your information.Charley Varrick (1973)
：22 views
Storyline
Charley Varrick and his friends rob a small town bank. Expecting a small sum to divide amongst themselves, they are surprised to discover a very LARGE amount of money. Quickly figuring out that the money belongs to the MOB, they must now come up with a plan to throw the MOB off their trail.Fuller’s Reg Drury diesJune 10th, 2015 | Posted by Real Beer
Reg Drury, the longtime leader of Fuller’s brewing and operations team in London, has died.
In the final years before he retired in 1999 and later as an ambassador for Fuller, Smith & Turner P.L.C. Drury was well known to American brewers and played a key educational role in the growing craft movement.
He was responsible for modernizing the brewhouse at Fuller’s, switching from open squares to conical fermenters. He was the first brewer to use such vessels for brewing ale – and today, the process is common place.
During his tenure, Fuller’s was awarded the Champion Beer of Britain prize five times with three different beers.
Simon Emeny, Chief Executive, said: “Reg was a true gentleman and he will always be synonymous with Fuller’s,” said Simon Emeny, Fuller’s chief executive. “He was a legendary brewer, a great statesman and a fantastic mentor and will be greatly missed by those that knew him.”Nowadays, Scott’s 1808 poem Marmion, and Thomas Hervey’s 1836 Book of Christmas. Hervey’s Father Christmas is dressed in a long robe and wears a holly crown, while his followers include Roast Beef, Plum Pudding, Wassail, Misrule and the Lord of Twelfth Night.
A Christmas Parade by Alfred Crowquill, from the Illustrated London News, December 1844, shows some of these characters processing through the snow.
We have other similar depictions of Father Christmas in the mid-19th century from the Illustrated London News and the Illustrated Times, which show the holly-adorned merrymaker having a pretty hedonistic time.
(Left) Jolly Old Christmas by Smyth in the Illustrated London News December 1844. (Right) Merry Christmas! by Kenny Meadows in A Holiday Book for Christmas and the New Year, 1840s
The figure of Santa Claus originated in the Dutch-American communities of the USA, with the 4th century Saint Nicholas giving us the name from the Dutch dialect word Sinterklaas. He was associated with the present-giving theme for good children much more than the English Father Christmas. Santa’s character was developed by Clement C. Moore’s 1823 poem A Visit from St Nicholas, otherwise known as ‘Twas the Night before Christmas. Many familiar motifs appear in this poem, including Santa’s sleigh and reindeer, his toys-via-chimney delivery preference, and his rosy cheeks, round belly and white beard. But his diminutive stature described in the poem (which logically he’d need for a trip down the chimney) hasn’t survived to the present day.
Arthur Rackham’s illustrations of 1931 depict the ‘jolly old elf’ St Nick
The later 19th century started to see a blurring of distinctions between Father Christmas and Santa Claus, and the crown of holly was sometimes replaced by a hood. In 1879 the Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News commented, “he is generally a rollicking, robust old gentleman, with a wreath of holly round his head, a warm robe of brown trimmed with fur…I have also seen him in the window of a sweet-stuff shop with a hood over his venerable head”. In the States, caricaturist Thomas Nast’s version of Santa in Harper’s Weekly in the 1860s, further refined the image of modern Santa although it’s notable he still has the holly crown.
Merry Old Santa Claus by Thomas Nast in Harper’s Weekly, 1860s
The vibrant red that Santa has worn exclusively since around the 1930s was not his sole colour choice in the late Victorian and Edwardian periods. Father Christmas on cards and scraps can often be found in a rainbow of colours from green to blue to violet, as well as in brown and white. Red, the colour associated with St Nicholas (and a Coca-Cola advertising campaign in the early thirties), won through convincingly in the end.
(Left) In green on a Christmas and New Year card, c.1890s. (Centre) In blue on a Christmas card with holly, C.1900s. (Right) In purple delivering presents on a postcard, 1908.
(Left) In white on a Victorian scrap. (Centre) In brown on a Christmas card, c.1890s. The goat is an interesting inclusion, chiming with Thomas Hervey’s 1836 personification of Old Father Christmas riding a yule goat. (Right) In red delivering presents, Lizzie (Lawson) Mack in ‘Old Father Christmas’, 1889.Manchester Manchester Community College EMT training, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the EMT department for course registration deadlines, and emt training program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Manchesteruna Community College pathology Nurses Needed
Palma Real
Amid lush palm trees and just 30 minutes North of Corpus Christi, Texas, Palma Real Nursing Center is a skilled nursing and rehabilitation center..
14 hoursBrian Robinson started from the ground up working for the family firm, Robinson Electric Inc. in Cleveland. He started out as a laborer in 1997 working with crews doing simple electrical wiring. Since being named president of the company in 2003 at the age of only 23, he has overseen the company growing<<- 
Johnson and Lord Louis get two more wins
-
- Updated: April 28, 2015
An emotional Philippa Johnson got to hear the South African anthem in Europe this weekend after the three-time Paralympic equestrian posted a victory atop Lord Louis, writes Mark Etheridge.
It was a sour and sweet week for the Belgian based rider after being re-classified ahead of competition.
After competing at the CPEDI3* event she explained to Road to Rio 2016: ‘I was re-classified and unfortunately I’m no stronger than I was in 2001 so according the the new FEI rule I started for the first time in Grade III.
I have to be honest, the first day in the Team Test I rode the test in anger which is never a clever idea. As a result there were too many forced mistakes and we finished sixth in a class of 11 horses with 66.63%.
‘Having been told by everyone nearest and dearest to me to “suck it up, let it go and just ride my horse”, I did just that the next day and guess what … it worked!
‘We won the class with 70.51%, it has been seven years since I have had our SA anthem played, it was even more emotional than in Hong Kong!’
For the Kur, Lord Louis really put his best hoof forward and gave me a cracker of a ride and we had a fabulous win with 76.90%!! The wins were made even more special by the fact that we had Caroline Potts there, so there was at least one South African to join the celebrationstdougherty on Family Tree Circles
sort: Date Alphabetical
view: full | list
view: full | list
Journals and Posts
Colemans from Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana
My grandfather was Horace E Coleman, grandmother Nola (Leach) Coleman, I have an Uncle Fred (somewhere in Indiana), thanks for any additional information.
Kaisers from Gary Indiana
I'm looking for my heritage on my father Lawrence Elmer Kaiser's side of the family. I know he had a brother Gene and one named Marlow, I know he has 2 other children , Twilia and Tone, and we called his mother grandma Selby. Does anyone have any other information that may help?
Thx,
Looking for Leach family's from Tenn, Ky, Ind (Nola, Zola)
I'm looking for Leach family's from Tenn, Ky & Indiana areas . My grandmother's maiden name was Nola Leach, she had a sister named Zola.100% Retail
Main Retail Issues
Faced with hyper-competition, and in the context of digital transformation, distribution chains must adapt to continue to develop. Responding to consumer demand for product availability becomes vital.
Specialising in retail issues, our supply chain solutions, with their forward-looking supply chain management capabilities, help retailers optimise their inventory management, leading to increased sales and margins.
FASHION & TEXTILE
Control the implementation of inventory distribution from logistics hubs to stores or stores.Croatia has 1777 km of indented coastline, 1185 islands, islets and cliffs, of which 47 are inhabited. The coastline and beaches are mostly covered in rocks, sand and pebbles with numerous inlets and capes. Beaches you must visit: Berulija Beach and Punta Rata- Brela, Crveni Otok- Rovinj, Zlatni Rat[...]
Archive for February, 2010
February 21st, 2010 - 4:39 pm § in What to DoBroad Reach Smooth Sailors-December 2016 and January 2017
Each month at Broad Reach, staff come together to share a glass of Champaign and celebrate the Smooth Sailors of Broad Reach Healthcare; those who have an anniversary for their length of service. For December, Karen Hoban, 25 years; Daphne Depaula, 20 years, Jennifer White, 10 years; Patti MacDonald, 3 years; Barbara Petrie and Daniel Marsh, … Continue reading Broad Reach Smooth Sailors-December 2016 and January 2017
Copy and paste this URL into your WordPress site to embed
Copy and paste this code into your site to embedEfstathios Iosifidis
Thessaloniki
I'm Farm Animal Manager and dairy products technician. I took exams to study Veterinary Medicine.
Involvement with openSUSE:
1. Member
2. Marketing team - Advocate
3. Member of Travel Support Program
4. Coordinator of Greek translations
5. Coordinator of Greek social media (facebook, google plus, twitter)
6. Enlightenment team member (social media, wiki)
7. MATE Desktop team member (social media, wiki)
1. Gnome Foundation Member
2. Greek Gnome Community marketing team
3. Greek Gnome translator-reviewer
Involvement with MATE Desktop:
1. Social media, promotion
Involvement with Mozilla (Mozillian):
1. Coordinator for translation of Appmaker
2. Translator for Webmaker
Involvement with ownCloud ()
1. Owncloud Translatior
2. Promotion in Greece
Involvement with Razor-qt ()
1. Coordinator of translations
- #opensuse
- #member
- #marketing
- #owncloud
- #razor-qt)
- Church Of St. John The Baptist (43-minute walk)
- Aynali Church (2 mi / 3.3 km)
- Cross Golf (2.6 mi / 4.1 km)
Rooms were very cosy and comfortable. Good staff and very nice made to order eggs of your…
Really enjoyed our time here. Staff were very helpful and made everything so easy for us…
Turquaz Cave Hotel, Nevsehirfrom $31
-)
Getting around
- Nevsehir (NAV-Cappadocia) 43-min drive
- Free self parking
- Free valet parking
- Free area shuttle
- Airport shuttle (surcharge)
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell usPor alguna razón sigo suscrito al newsletter de Quora… en el noventa y mucho por cien de las ocasiones, tiro el correo. Pero el asunto de hoy merecía hacer click, si eres mackero, te hace falta. La primera respuesta era muy obvia, los dos Steve (Jobs, hasta ser despedido y tras regresar y salvar la compañía)…
Y leyendo el resto de respuestas me he encontrado con esta historia del Steve Jobs más capullo, pero también más genial.
¿Alguien sabe quién puede ser el autor de esta respuesta…?
I have had the pleasure of working for Apple since 2003 and the distinct pleasure of working at Apple during that very special time and in particular working on various things with Steve.
And, I am fairly confident Steve considered me a friend as opposed to just someone whom he worked with or just along well with as a college.
I was very lucky (looking back) to have been specifically referred to, then recruited by Apple.
I flew to Cupertino for an interview, at the time I was had just completed my Phd at MIT; was very different (not in the best of ways I should say) and actually went because people told me I would be crazy not to at least go. I fully intended on declining an offer.
After a tour of the beautiful buildings, which made me further convinced that I would decline any offer as it was so corporate to me & somehow felt very Fake. I was lead to my interview with a VP it was typically general interview questions then literally in the middle of a question I heard a door open and close & then after a beat a voice behind me said:
“Do we really still ask such stupid “f-*ing questions during interviews… what possible answer could be offered that would tell us whether or not they are completely stupid or utterly brilliant?”
I didn’t bother turning around. I knew it was Steve.
He proceeded to move around the desk and dismissed the senior VP I was interviewing with from his own office. Then he sat & looked at what I gathered was a sheet of questions for the interview the other man had prepared to ask me. He never looked at me or spoke to me.
He read on and occasionally laughed at something he read, shook his head or called whatever he read useless.
After what seemed like forever, he threw the packet of questions across the room where they actually hit a piece of framed art which loudly fell to the floor and he he never bothered to glance at what we probably badly damaged. He just stared at me for what felt like forever. (Definitely a very awkward full minute, which is actually forever in such a situation.)
Then he said, “who are you?” I told him my resume was on the desk – he said “I didn’t ask you that.” (Meanwhile he had never so much as glanced away from his piercing stare, mind you.)
I told him my name; he then quickly replied “If I wanted to know your name I would have asked what your name was… I asked who you were” … “You’re not very good at this, are you?”
I said I was someone who came all the way there for an interview for a job I was very likely not going to take, but being asked over and over why I wouldn’t go for the interview was such a pain that I figured I would go, turn it down, go home & move on to other things. Problem solved. Then I told him my only concern was that it might be awkward turning down a job if they offered me one. Then I thanked him for making that part really easy for me because he was a total arrogant jerk.
He looked quite puzzled at me for a few seconds then asked bewildered “You know who I am, right? I said yeah. He said “you know I’m Steve, Steve Jobs” I nodded – he sat back in the chair (still confused) then he smiled and told me “this office sucks <name omitted> has no taste. “
I actually agreed it did suck.
He said “well I go for a walk everyday around now, you seem smart enough to not sit through an interview for a job your not going to take & its really an amazingly great day” (yes he dropped that cliche line of his lol)
Want to join me. And I don’t know what it was he was every bad or mean cliche Steve thing you would have heard about him to me. He was a complete jerk. But I actually did want to go; and i sincerely don’t understand why. But I did.
We were walking and it was funny to me absolutely nobody who worked there said hello or acknowledged him – and most people honestly seemed to take awkward turns likely to avoid him.
Somehow though he probably never would have noticed because even as we made small talk he was the kind of person who somehow in crowded hallways him actually being a big deal could make you feel totally and utterly as though his only concern in the world was you gave you his absolute total attention.
It was very unique and he just as easily could often make you seem as though you weren’t even actually there in physical space. And that was perhaps even more unique and utterly rude.
Once we were in open space outside Steve changed – He basically was so confused about why I didn’t want to work there? He started going through almost childlike logic – he asked me “hypothetically if I hadn’t been rude and totally crashed your interview you still were going to say no? Like the fact I was really obnoxious has nothing to do with it? Right?” I said “you actually are aware that you’re that rude?” He said “yeah of course I know I was rude” -”I’m Steve I’m usually rude” (like what a weird question I asked)
Then he started pitching me on Apple – he told me all the things they had done but I didn’t know all this other “great stuff” (yes he used that one too) they had told me all this stuff wild stuff (btw he actually still never asked me my name)
But g-d he was like the most excited kid in the world about Apple and their “cool stuff” and it was all so genuine (meanwhile I was like a kid i hadn’t even had a job before and I was a TOTAL idiot not taking a job there. It was insane.
I kept thinking isn’t this guy missing meetings or surely he had to be somewhere. Then he wanted to show me “stuff” and meet Jonny.
And we went into Jonny’s little world and be was so polite and gave a knowing glance at hyper excited Steve (and Jonny whispered he really likes you – I whisper he doesn’t even know my name seriously Jonny said then he really likes you and he went back to work.
Finally somebody found Steve he had someone super important waiting in his office for a solid 90 minutes and his looked changed again and he said “I really have to go” not before telling whomever found them to “let them wait”
Then he told me “look I promise this will be great … i can show you all this stiff but it won’t make sense… he said “give me one month here at Apple and walk away if I’m wrong… ill pay you 3x a normal really good monthly salary we have an apartment and a car here for you I’ll pay to have everything or anything you want moved here and moved back if I’m wrong”
I said “you don’t even know my name yet Steve” – He then said my full name he knew all kinds of stuff about me where and when i went to school my birthday- where i grew up.
Now I was confused. Very.
I asked why he made everything so awkward then or didn’t tell me any of this before. He said “wasn’t this so much more interesting?”
I had to agree. It was.
Steve then said “you’re interesting” I asked why he told me to “just be interesting… things… people are what they are” & “you’re interesting”
Then he said so “yes or no”
I was so totally confused lol I said “fine a month”
He said “walking away I’ll see you tomorrow” (it was Friday) I reminded him and he said “I know”
The door closed Steve was gone.
I had no idea what to do because honestly I didn’t even know where I was in the building – Steve I guess hired me but where did I go – who did I talk to? How did I explain the outrageous offer he gave me?
I went back to the office where my interview started and the VP who was booted. The whole time trying to figure out what I was going to say and then I realized I didn’t even know want he hired me to be.
It took maybe 10 mins to get the office of that VP (I knew Steve was lost in what was surely a serious meeting)
But by the time I got to that office- it may have only been 7–9 mins. Somehow, every crazy part of Steve’s offer down to the last detail somehow is if by magic had been communicated in full to that VP.
And about 3 people in that office were making everything he offered happen – someone was calling about the car my Driver’s License was being copied I heard somebody else on the phone regarding having the apartment stocked for me – They asked if I could arrange someone to open my apartment for the movers (I told them was ok i was fine for now… that girl looked at me and said “look Steve said he wants all your stuff here while your here… it’ll be a thing if exactly what he wanted wasn’t done” (she almost was both explaining Steve in a weird way and was worried she’d be in trouble that it wasn’t done)
I sat down to fill out a NDA – and other paper work – I finally asked what exactly my job or title was? I was told I was a “Steve hire” (essentially fe and I would find a fit place or title or one would be made for me.
Everything immediately promised- the apartment, car, etc was done in 30 mins i being handed keys – I was handed a map to the apartment and a reverse map to get back to Infinite loop. Told DON’T BE LATE Steve freaks out.
I didn’t ever go back to my apartment again.
and it was 2 years maybe closer to 3 before i even went back east.
Steve got me.
I’m sorry this is so long – and doesn’t really answer your question. But well, I’m probably the only person left now that he’s gone that remembers this.
My obvious bias aside; what a great story.
I am smiling widely with tears streaming down my cheeks as I write this now for the first time.
I’m still with Apple – I now have a senior role. This is really the only job i have ever had. And I love it so much.
Only occasionally do I look back at what Apple and Steve and to a small degree I have been a part of. And it’s so wild.
One of the things Steve put in my hand was a working iPad, way back then. Imagine seeing them everyday, everywhere you go and knowing you played some part in it.
Did Steve work hard? Harder then anyone. Was it always Steve who put everything, every risk and every potential failure on himself? Yep.
Did he somehow make a device like iPad – something nobody even knew existed and turn it into something everybody had to have? Yes.
Was it always his vision of an operating system most of which at the core is as old as the oldest OS X. Yes.
Did thousands of people myself among them help create that vision and make it useful? Yes.
Did Steve change the world. Yes.
Did Steve make good on every thing he said was going to happen that strange day he hired me? Absolutely.
Was he often so incredibly and unbelievably hard, mean, harsh, abrasive, difficult, extreme,sometimes cruel. Yes.
Did he push everyone at Apple to be better, smarter and work to an almost impossible standard to meet deadlines and innovate beyond the craziest of of our bery wild imaginations? Yes.
Was he able to somehow know with everything that he had going on in all the above things that you were having a really difficult time in life personally and stop everything he was doing and ask you to go for a walk and make you feel that nothing else was important but you and your problem – and do absolutely everything to make it better and almost always did? Yes.
When he couldn’t immediately find a solution or help did he ever stop trying? Never.
Did he ever ask more of us then he gave? Never.
Did he work harder with so much more to lose? Always
Did he come into Apple so incredibly weak and thin from cancer be could barely stand let alome walk to work as much as we did? Yes
Was he ever bitter about that – Did he ever fail notice your issues and concerns despite his much more pressing ones? No.
Did I ever really know or come close to understanding Steve? No way.
Did anybody? No. (Maybe Laurene and his beautiful children)
Do I miss him so very, very much? You have no idea.
Will anyone ever replace him or will there ever be anyone close to him? Absolutely not.
I hope the few people here take away at the least a really “interesting” Steve story. And maybe they’ll see another small glimpse at what he was like through my experience with him. I hope so.
He changed so many things. But most importantly he changed me. I’m such a better person for knowing him. He gave me such a wonderful life.
Thanks Steve – I love you and still miss you.
Your friend always
Origen: How hard did Steve Jobs work? – QuoraWarlords, Russian oligarchs, Wall Street speculators, Chinese state-owned corporations, Britain's landed gentry, Saudi Arabian princes, Mumbai's dotcom billionaires and Parisian commodity traders have at least one thing in common.
They all understand the implications of one of Mark Twain's best-known aphorisms: "Buy land, they're not making it any more."
Nowhere is the meaning clearer than in Africa. It has 60% of the world's uncultivated land and there is plenty of water nearby. Just add fertiliser and watch the hyper profits come rolling in, or so the investment pitch runs.
Land sales in Africa are no longer for the gifted amateur; they are pulling in the top 10 investment banks and corporate consultants.
Take Emergent Asset Management run by David Murrin, an ex-JP Morgan man. Emergent combines investment nous with apocalyptic geopolitics: in other words scare the rich into buying lots of land.
Even a cursory reading of commodity price swings and forecast food shortages can be unsettling. Murrin adds his own fatalistic forecasts of a clash of civilisations – not over culture or ideology but commodities.
The locus of this clash between Western demand and China's gargantuan appetite will be on Africa's farmlands.
Peasant farming is not suited to innovation and investment, and the most realistic way of bringing down world food prices is to replicate the Brazilian model
These are also the kind of investors who have done rather well out of China's record-breaking growth rates, which were based, significantly, on smallholder farming – not the industrial agribusiness that the new prophets of land use are advocating for Africa.
To pre-empt any scintilla of doubt, Emergent then wheels out a mathematical formula named after Russian economist Nikolai Kondratiev.
Suffice it to say, this formula provides conclusive evidence based on the synchronicity of conflicts and commodity production over the past two centuries that we will all be fighting over Africa's commodities by the end of this decade.
Should this all sound too dire, the more conventional number-crunchers are in the act too. McKinsey points out that the growth rate of Africa's farm production is running at about 12%, twice the average rate of other economic sectors over the past decade.
This year, The Africa Report provoked a storm of controversy over our claim that Africa had lost about $100bn in badly priced land transactions.
To put it in perspective, the Wash- ington DC-based Global Financial Integrity calculates Africa is losing more than $50bn a year in tax evasion and transfer-pricing schemes.
As for the volume of land grabbing, the best estimates range from the World Bank's figure of 47m ha to Oxfam's figure of 227m ha.
What is indisputably clear is that the land rush is on.
That opens up the two biggest questions: what to do with the land and who should do it?
Two British economists, John Beddington and Paul Collier, demand that sentimental attachments to small- holder farming be cast aside.
Collier wrote in The Plundered Planet: "Peasant farming is not suited to innovation and investment, and the most realistic way of bringing down world food prices is to replicate the Brazilian model of large technologically sophisticated agro-companies."
In short, says Collier, Africa's land could be used far more efficiently if it was managed by large companies.
And in the red (or green) corner are the proponents of smallholder farming, Raj Patel and Fred Pearce (whose new book The Land Grabbers should be essential reading in every African secondary school).
They liken the idea of uprooting small farmers, who grow 90% of Africa's food, to the capitalist equivalent of Pol Pot's Year Zero.
Yet not all the backers of the smallholder farmer are left-liberal writers.
A former head of the Rockefeller Foundation, Gordon Conway, argues incisively that Africa's green revolution should be based on its 33 million small farms.
As land prices, but not farmers' incomes, rise relentlessly, the debate over how Africa runs its farms and manages its land will get ever more critical to the continent's future.
It's time for African governments to listen far more closely to their scientists and farmers before selling the continent's birthright.
They're not making it any more●Graduation Photo Announcements are Becoming Very Popular!
Graduation Photo received my graduation invitations with my photo in the mail today, and I just had to drop a line and let you know how pleased I am with them. Since I had not added a picture before, I was somewhat skeptical, but WOW, was I pleasantly surprised and pleased! The colors were vibrant and the design very trendy. I immediately put one in my scrapbook. I know my friends and family, especially my grandparents who live in another state, will appreciate the graduating photo invitation announcement stationery I got from you. A job well done by your entire staff! Thanks for caring. Ashley G.
We are always interested in your feedback, so let us know what you think of our products and customer services.Experience us with dark theme
It turns out that predators may have the advantage when motor boat noise is involved.
Researchers conduct detailed study of toxic compound Latrunculin A found in five closely-related species of sea slugs.
In a new study, scientists found that the shape of a fish's tail can help determine whether a fish will survive across a range of deep and shallow reefs.
A study has identified an extinct crustacean-like creature from the Jurassic era, that used its monstrous eyes to capture its prey.
A new study found that leopard sharks use their nose to navigate straight paths in the ocean
Researchers use a new technique that is allowing them to understand how fish "see."
People atop a pier in Japan's Toyoma Bay were started and astonished when they saw a giant squid lurking close to the surface of the water on Christmas Eve.
After numerous analyses, researchers have identified a 15 million year-old sperm whale fossil specimen as a white whale
Researchers have identified a 30-million-year-old baleen whale fossil that once lived in the North Pacific Ocean. The whale fossil is shedding light on the evolution of baleen whales.
When fish venture into the open ocean, they seem to disappear. Now, researchers have learned a bit more about how fish play with light in order to camouflage themselves from predators.
Researchers found that sharks and other large marine predators are losing their hunting abilities due to warmer oceans and high levels of CO2. This reduces sharks' growth and development, and their population declines at the same time.Serial divorcee in police net
26-year-old pregnant woman seeks divorce after finding out about hubby's 4 earlier marriages; approaches police when accused demands Rs 25 lakh to end their marriage
After a case of extortion was registered with the anti-extortioncell of the Pune police a few months ago, the officials finally tracked down and arrested a 40-year-old man yesterday, but soon realised that he was a habitual blackmailer and he had been married and divorced several times over.
Rajesh Ramchand Ravtani has been remanded in police custody after he was nabbed from Koregaon Park area, where he has been living since the past year.
Representation Pic
The accused allegedly lured women into marriage and then pushed them to the point that they would opt for a divorce to get out of his clutches, and then he would ask for a payoff to allow the process to be completed.
According to the officials at the Koregaon Park police station, Ravtani had earlier been married to three well-to-do women from Hyderabad and another woman from Mumbai.
During interrogation, Ravtani told the police that he had blackmailed his four previous wives into paying him huge sums before terminating the marriages.
The matter came to the fore after his current wife Rani (name changed) from Pune, who is 26-years-old and pregnant, filed a complaint alleging that Ravtani was demanding Rs 25 lakh from her to sign their divorce papers.
Rani claims that she opted out of the marriage after learning about his gold-digging ways, and because he constantly forced himself upon her though she was pregnant. During the investigation, the police also learned that Ravtani had used forged documents and a fake PAN card to take a Rs 30 lakh bank loan.
According to police, Rani is a divorcee and was living with her parents in Pimpri. She met Rajesh Ramchand Ravtani in Koregaon Park area, who at the time was going by the nameof Raj Dixit.
Ravtani was running a shoe shop in Koregaon Park and they gradually became close. Some time later he convinced her to get married, but a few months down the line Rani stumbled upon a CD of he husband’s earlier marriage to another woman.
“After finding the CD, she managed to trace and contact the woman in the video and learnt that Ravtani had even been married a few times. Also, fed up with being forced to get physical though she was pregnant, she demanded a divorce. Ravtani demanded Rs 25 lakh to sign the papers,” said Sachin Sawant, police inspector, anti-extortion cell.
Sawant added that they learned during the investigation that the accused had been married to three women from Hyderabad and had been divorced for varying reasons.
“While taking divorce, he demanded huge amounts from them. As per information with us, all the girls he had duped belong to rich or well-to-do sections of society,” Sawant said.
The police also found that he was going by the name of Raj Dixit and had managed to take a loan of Rs 30 lakh from a bank using a fake PAN card, which the sleuths have seized.
Ravtani has been booked under sections 376/ 2E (committing rape on women known to be pregnant), 420 (cheating) and 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating). The court has remanded him in police custody till March 2, 2013.A:
Continue reading "Rule #1 Homework: HOKU Scientific (HOKU)" »
Recent CommentsStory highlights
- Her husband posted the image of her
- Crawford said she felt conflicted about another viral image
(CNN)There is at least one non-airbrushed photo of which Cindy Crawford approves.
The supermodel's husband, Rande Gerber, posted a pic of his 49-year-old wife in a bikini and no makeup while the pair were in Miami. The accompanying caption read, "Who needs hair and make-up when you look like this after jumping in the ocean. The #becomingcindy tour continues in Miami."
The couple, who have been married since 1998, have two children. Crawford's new book, "Becoming," chronicles her life and career.
In February, an unflattering "unretouched" photo of Crawford from a 2013 Marie Claire Mexico shoot went viral. The photographer later said the image had been stolen and altered.
Crawford told Elle Canada that she "felt blindsided" by the incident but also conflicted because so many women had hailed the picture as proof that models are just like everyone else in their imperfections.
"It's clear that someone manipulated that image to make whatever was there worse," she said. "It was stolen, and it was malicious, but there was so much positive reaction" to the image.What made headlines in 2017? A recap of what went viral in Northeast India & beyond
By SHWETA RAJ KANWAR | December 31, 2017 2017 has been a year of strange happenings: From suicidal games to rapist god fathers, from cows being worshipped to women being harassed, from journalists being killed to freedom being restricted, busting fake news from real and using social media as a source of spreading false information […]One reason I loved Jim Rome is Burning, back when it was on the ESPN family of networks, was that he defied all the conventions that defined ESPN as a whole, and consequently, it seems like all their shows tow the game line, albeit to different extents. It’s one reason I expanded my cable package for CBS Sports, so that I would be able to watch his new show, Rome. Rome interviews major newsmakers, regardless of whether or not their sports are on that particular network, and whether or not the network likes that particular sport.
One thing Rome didn’t do was overly buy into Tebowmania, and he still hasn’t, which is something that I find ESPN heavily guilty of. Fortunately, Tebowmania withdrew from Sportscenter a while back, and has steadily been receding from the ESPN family for the past several months, with its last major bastion, ESPN’s First Take, finally being ordered by ESPN’s President to tone down their Tebow talk. The reality is that this was long overdue, and has, at bare minimum, already cost First Take this viewer, since apparently they felt it more appropriate to discuss Tebow and football than the SF Giants winning the World Series, a sin I will never absolve them of.
However, an allegation by former ESPN Radio Host and analyst Doug Gottlieb is that ESPN executives pushed ESPN’s personalities to discuss Tebow as much as possible, as it increased ratings. While I hope it’s not true, it would fit the profile of a network that finds sponsors to fit every possible thing it can, from the actual shows, to trivia games, to analysts discussions, as well as consistently hawking movies that parent company Disney is aiming at the 18-24 male demographic.
The truth is that while ESPN has some of the best sports shows on TV (Around the Horn, Pardon the Interruption), as well as the brilliant 30 for 30 film series, they have a bad tendency to squeeze every possible penny they can out of each broadcast. I know that such shows cost money, but I was getting jaded by the commercialization of Sportscenter in 1999, by which time you would hit by no less than seven ads for beer, films (which per the business continually rotate), and other stuff in the broadcast itself, let alone the actual commercials. Now, nearly 14 years later, it is as much a part of Sportscenter as the actual reporting. Fortunately, it is not as prevalent elsewhere, but considering that Sportscenter is the cornerstone on which the ESPN empire was founded, I will always be concerned of such commercialization spreading.
Which brings us to Tebow; although Tebowmania originated elsewhere, I blame Skip Bayless for dragging it into the mainstream at the expense of legitimate sports coverage. ESPN picked up on it and it spread, like a virus, across the airwaves, with only a brave few, like Jim Rome at the time, resisting. It led to the format change on First Take, which in turn led to both long-time anchors leaving, but ultimately few people at ESPN really cared. While it never got firm holding on ESPN.com, I was continually annoyed to find ESPN talking about Tebow, with only the 1:30-3:00 ESPN block in the afternoon a serious respite from it. Now, I’m making it sound worse than it actually was, but not by much; I was surprised at how much Tebowmania slipped into stories where it didn’t belong.
What annoys me is that ESPN is an inherently conservative sports network, in the sense that they still believe in the sport of boxing (which is fading away) and never discuss the UFC or MMA at large; they publicly embrace the BCS, and give fleeting seconds to criticism to it (at least on Sportscenter); they have analysts discussing aspects of the sport that they never had to deal with when they played; for all this, I thought until last year that they adhered to some journalistic integrity. They honestly believed in boxing, and were still faithful to it, one reason why they chose to discuss it at, in my opinion, the expense of ratings. The latest shake-up reveals that they (allegedly) were either (a) greedy or (b) desperate and that’s why we got so much Tebow; they were complicit with their coverage being bogged down in Skip Bayless’s “free Tebow” campaign and Tebowmania; they sent multiple reporters to cover Tebow’s time at Jets’ camp.
What did we all get out of this? I get that covering Tebow’s first press conference with the Jets was important; hell I watched it. It was a major off-season move; a rarity (starting QB getting traded after winning a playoff game). Ultimately, though, everyone knew that Sanchez would start, and Tebow’s lack of participation (in a sense, a reversal from last season) has made him a non-story, although Skip continues his crusade.
The push to now end the coverage comes too late, but it’s still welcome. Between ESPN’s massive power grab in college football, college basketball, and college sports at large, the recent bouts of Tebow-vision, and the departures of many high profile ESPN personalities (many of whom made their names there, and subsequently took their Twitter followers and fanbases with them), ESPN is increasingly in a tight spot; I blame ESPN for the many changes made to the World Series of Poker, none of which I whole-heartily agree with. ESPN is a partner in the Longhorn Network as well. All of this points to a desire to make money overriding journalistic integrity, which I expect from Fox News and MSNBC, but less from ESPN.
ESPN is being threatened now from nearly all sides; the four major sports all have their own networks, and NBC and CBS have started their own as well. The NFL seems quite happy to continue exhorting billions from the major three for Super Bowl rights, and ESPN is continually being strong-armed to stay in the Monday Night Football race, along with the promise of a playoff game (although in all fairness, I’d rather their crew than the NBC back-ups). ESPN seems more content to dominate the college game, but how long can that last? The Grand ESPN Empire is being slowly besieged by enemies who have more dedicated resources, the ultimate cost of being the first major sports-centric network. If they can retain some integrity, they might have a shot; if they make the Tebow mistake, albeit in different form, down the line again, it could be an early sign of their decline.LATEST EXHIBIT
"Visceral" at the S.Carmody Photography Gallery in Maplewood, MO, ran during April and May 2010.
Coffee table books from the exhibit are available and can
be purchased, along with prints in the etsy shop
Organic Imagery
.
All images and content protected under Federal Copyright Law © 1999-2010 Lauri Baker. All rights Reserved.
More exhibits are in the works, and will be announced here as they get finalized on the calendar. If you'd like to
be notified when new events are planned, subscribe to
Lauri's Photography Blog
For photographic imagery of your life, commission Lauri
to create custom photographic art of your pregnancy, babies, or children.
View her portrait portfolios at
Lauri Baker Photography
.History
Attorneys
News
Living Justice
Steve Yerrid
Status:
Active
The Yerrid Law Firm
Bank of America Plaza, Suite 3910
101 E. Kennedy Blvd.
Tampa, FL 33602-5148
(813) 222-8222
syerrid@yerridlaw.com
Steve Yerrid has been recognized as one of the Top Ten Litigators in Florida by the National Law Journal. In 2006, he was selected as Top Lawyer in the Nation by Lawyers USA. He has been honored as the Outstanding Lawyer of the Year in the Thirteenth Circuit and recognized as Trial Lawyer of the Year by the American Board of Trial Advocates, Tampa Chapter. He has been a Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer by the Florida Bar and certified as a Civil Trial Advocate by the National Board of Trial Advocacy for more than twenty years. He was among eleven (11) trial lawyers selected by the Governor to represent the State of Florida in its historical lawsuit against the cigarette industry on behalf of Florida taxpayers and children. The case resulted in the largest civil monetary settlement of its kind in the nation's history and extracted unprecedented concessions that prevented child pandering, greatly curtailed cigarette advertising and marketing tactics, and created tobacco prevention programs built around youth. He was honored to be appointed as Special Counsel and represent the Office of the Chief Judge for Florida's Thirteenth Judicial Circuit, as well as Florida's Conference of Circuit Judges in litigation that concluded after his successful argument before the Supreme Court of Florida. Mr. Yerrid is a frequent lecturer in Florida and across the country and he has taught as an adjunct professor at Stetson Law School, as well as a visiting professor at Georgetown University Law Center.
For more information on The Inner Circle of Advocates, contact
inquiry@innercircle.org
© 2018 The Inner Circle of Advocates
web site design by skyfire studioExperiment with some simple mechanics by creating your very own flying bird! This project is surprising simple, and with a few materials, we were able to make a whole flock of little birds. You can even do your own experimentation by creating your own creatures with various hinged pieces.
Have a hoppy time with this do-it-yourself bunny automaton. With some simple mechanics, you’ll be able to create a bunny that hops along with a single push. We had a great time pushing our newest little friend around the office. We hope you do, too!
Explore about the conductive properties of graphite and watch your own design light up! What’s going on? Graphite is an electrical conductor, perfect for learning about circuits and electricity. Because graphite is low in conductivity, the success of a circuit will depend on the length, thickness, and amount of graphite on the paper. Try drawing lines of different lengths and thickness. Does it make a difference to the LED?
Using simple household materials and tools, it is super easy to create a rubber band powered racer. The instructions require some adult assistance, as use of an electric drill and a hot glue gun is required, but kids will get a kick out of experimenting with wheels, rubber bands, and different surfaces to see how fast their racers could go! Also try different sizes and lengths of rubber bands. What combination works the best?
There simply is no better way to celebrate a special moment than with a shower of confetti. Engineer your own confetti launchers with a craft stick, rubber bands, and materials from around the house.
Create the magic of snow without all the cold! With a set of simple electronics, we created a mini snow machine to mimic a winter blizzard. Turn on your fan and watch your snow machine go! You can try shaking the cup up and down or tilting it sideways to get different patterns. If you’re feeling like making a mess, you can take off the top cup and spray snow around the room!
Kids are often fascinated by how things work, to show them how simple mechanics work, make this cardboard automaton with an empty Kiwi Crate or Tinker Crate box. It’s a fun way for him to play with simple machines; and it also creates a really cool art piece!
Conductive paint makes this an easy, but impressive, circuitry project. After you’ve made cards for friends, try applying a paint circuit to other engineering projects you have going on at home.
We love catapults around here at Kiwi Crate. Launching things is endless entertainment. This particular catapult that we created includes a nod to the Fall season and Thanksgiving. Cranberries make for the perfect ammunition. We tried Pom Poms too, and they worked just as well. After you’ve made your first catapult, experiment with building a second one of your own design. Take both catapults through a series of tests. Which one launches farther and/or higher?
We hope you enjoy these projects during your time off for Thanksgiving, and don’t forget you can get STEM projects delivered to your door monthly with a Tinker Crate subscription. Happy making, building, and learning!
Original article and pictures take site
Комментариев нет:
Отправить комментарийStudents from A level Art and Design and Business Studies attended a guest lecture from Tara Ashe, designer and owner of Block Design, at Plymouth University on 12th December 2013.
Tara talked through her inspirational journey which was followed by an interactive workshop exploring business themes from her talk. Tara recently received Mary Portas funding to open a retail outlet, a new Concept Shop, as part of the regeneration of Liskeard. This was featured on Channel 4’s Mary Queen of the High Street Block - Mary Portas. She said she leads a passionate, innovative UK design company and has been producing designer home accessories in Britain since 2000.
Block products regularly feature in glossy magazines and Block jewellery is currently on sale at the National Portrait Gallery: Block - National Portrait Gallery. This was really insightful event for all students involved and both Tara and Charlotte True, who co-ordinated the event, commented on the high quality of questions asked by our students, saying it was probably the best interactive session held in the widening participation programme.
Naked little pussies
Pictures of hot naked milfs Black men naked pic!
Thanks for sharing this one! Tiny Teens No matter what you want, our tiny teens all over the world can chase your sexual dreams together with you and embody them into real life and satisfy your little friend. Woman swallows live fish. You have a marvellous collection of intimate videos Sir and I hesitate to pick out my favourite, but this redhead I find absolutely outstanding! Post a comment This video has not been commented yet.
We have no control over the content of these pages. Begin typing a pornstar name, then click on the button to suggest them! Com Naked Cam Girl - http: The site is in full compliance with 18 USC Section It does not matter what kind of a beauty you are looking for, if you like the redheads, brunettes, blondes or if you are into threesomes, solos… you will be able to fulfill all of your naughty fantasies right here.
Nothing compares with a tiny teen pussy being penetrated by a huge dick during real life scenes of premium hardcore porn, that's why this site provides online teen adult content. Small Tits And Pussy Pics.
- Penis inserted in vagina
- Kissing cute girls
- Caned women video
- Husband and wife xnxx
- 997
Mia wasikowska hot
Amateur fingers her naked vagina. Top porn categories from HD-Easyporn. Mistress chloe san diego. Amateur with hot butt rubs against his cock. Cute German amateur fingers herself in front of the camera. Blonde amateur fingers herself on her bed. Naked little pussies. Teen fingers her pussy after school. Chubby amateur fingers her twat. Add this video to one of my favorites list: Amateur fingers her naked pussy.
Is pauley perrette lesbian:Ben & Jerry’s is always testing the ice cream boundaries with their eye-catching flavors. Remember Schweddy Balls (vanilla ice cream with fudge-covered rum balls)? And you can’t help but look to see what's exactly in Everything But The… (It’s chocolate and vanilla ice cream mixed with peanut butter cups, white chocolate chunks and fudge-covered toffee and almonds.)
The latest concoction, though, will make ice cream lovers do a double take down the beer aisle.
This fall, Ben & Jerry’s and the New Belgium Brewing Company are partnering to produce an ice cream-inspired beer: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ale.
The beer is an effort to raise awareness about climate change, and $50,000 in proceeds will go to the Protect Our Winters — a nonprofit that mobilizes winter sport athletes to fight climate change.
It’s the second year the Colorado-based brewer and Vermont-based ice cream maker are teaming up. Last fall, the partnership resulted in Salted Caramel Brownie Brown Ale (6.3 percent ABV) hitting store shelves.
“The beer in development tastes amazing and we look forward to talking about climate change and climate action,” Jenn Vervier, New Belgium director of sustainability, wrote in a press release. “With the upcoming election and a new administration, year two is even more important than the first round.”
Jay Curley, Ben & Jerry’s senior global marketing manager, added that the issue of climate change is “still increasingly urgent.”
“Working with New Belgium Brewing and Protect our Winters to be able to impact climate was a highlight of 2015, and so, we’re doing it again,” he wrote.
New Belgium Brewing, known for its Fat Tire Amber Ale, and Ben & Jerry’s are certified B Corporations, which means they’re held to high social and environmental standards. Ben & Jerry’s, in particular, touts itself as a “social justice company.” Besides climate justice, its “issues we care about” page highlights LGBT equality, GMO labeling and fair trade.
If a cookie dough beer further supports social action, we’re willing to try a scoop — er, swig.
(313) 222-2156
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsCalifornia Bapt business courses business courses online, registry as a complementary elective to your primary course of. Business Office Assistant
Kartini Clinic
Business Office Assistant. Please include your wage requirement in your application and cover letter. Portland is looking for two full-time Business Office..
6 days agoCategory: main menu • length menu • Chinese lí
length conversion
Amount: 1 Chinese lí (釐 or 厘) of length
Equals: 333.33 micrometers (µm) in length
Converting Chinese lí to micrometers value in the length units scale.
TOGGLE : from micrometers micrometers (µm) but in the other reverse direction from micrometers into Chinese lí.
Converter type: length units
This online length from 釐 or 厘 into µm converter is a handy tool not just for certified or experienced professionals.
First unit: Chinese lí (釐 or 厘) is used for measuring length.
Second: micrometer (µm) is unit of length.
333.33 µm is converted to 1 of what?
The micrometers unit number 333.33 µm converts to 1 釐 or 厘, one Chinese lí. It is the EQUAL length value of 1 Chinese lí but in the micrometers length unit alternative.
How to convert 2 Chinese lí (釐 or 厘) into micrometers (µm)? Is there a calculation formula?
First divide the two units variables. Then multiply the result by 2 - for example:
333.333333333 * 2 (or divide it by / 0.5)
QUESTION:
1 釐 or 厘 = ? µm
ANSWER:
1 釐 or 厘 = 333.33 µm
Other applications for this length calculator ...
With the above mentioned two-units calculating service it provides, this length converter proved to be useful also as a teaching tool:
1. in practicing Chinese lí and micrometers ( 釐 or 厘 vs. µ micrometer is:
µm
One Chinese lí of length converted to micrometer equals to 333.33 µm
How many micrometers of length are in 1 Chinese lí? The answer is: The change of 1 釐 or 厘 ( Chinese lí ) unit of length measure equals = to 333.33 µm ( mic µm - mic.
Detailed motorised pay-off rack.other relative information:pay off rack,pay-off stand motorised pay-off rack others:pay off rack, pay-off stand.
Detailed tension pay off rack,other relative information:pay-off stand.pay-out rack,pay-off rack 250 tension pay off rack other relative information: pay-off stand.pay-out rack,pay-off rack.
Detailed pay-off stand.other relative information:. pay-off rack.pay off rack. pay-off stand. other relative name:.pay-off rack.pay off rack .
Detailed stationary tray pay-off rack.other relative information:stationary tray pay-off stand.pay off rack stationary tray pay-off rack.other relative information:stationary tray pay-off stand.pay off rack. Cable Making Machine 1.Multifuctional Used in Pay-Off And Take-Up 2.Mainly Used In Below 800mm Bobbin 3.Factory Direct Price Cable Making Machine Pay-Off And Take-Up Stand 1.Apply to extruder,buncher and twist ,Wrapping/Taping Machine .2. Pay-Off ,Take-up wire bobbin :.
Detailed The double barrel type high speed pay-off machine applied to the continuous pay-off og high- speed extruder.
Detailed HD-250 Moving bobbin tension pay-off suitable various extruder HD--250 Moving bobbin tension pay-off 1.wire feeding axis:20-36mm(inner diameter)2.diameter of wire feeding:0.25-0.8mm3.nunber of head:24 head/set, 48 head/set, 50head/set.
Detailed pay-off machine can storage wire works steady technical data of HF-JX550 pay-off traction storage devicediameter of wire Φ3.0 --- Φ5.0mmdiameter of winding drum Φ550mmmat.
Detailed Coin pay phone Professional engineers Prompt delivery time Reasonable price Type: Sheet-metal Products Coin pay phone Through its CNC punches and CNC bending machines, our company offers customers with large hardware cabinet machining services which can save costs for the customers du.
Detailed Application: For torsion-free pay-off of wire rod in front of a drawing machine Method of oper Application: For torsion-free pay-off of wire rod in front of a drawing machine Method of operation: The pay-off reel can be swiveled hydraulically. In its loading position a new rod coil can be .
Detailed Pay-off equipment Cable machienry device, Cable machienry parts and components wire extrusion line: pay-off Wire Extrusion Line: Pay-off equipment.
Detailed The no-axis magnetic power tension pay-off suit for extruder pay-off Specification of bobbin: Φ400-Φ630Tension: Adopt 5kg magnetic power tensionTension:10kg magnetic power clutchUpper and lower wire bobbin: Hydraulic lifting or motor lifting .
Processed in 0.233 second(s)We’re saying we told you so lately, a lot.
We told you there was a national movement to target Republicans in town hall meetings, not a grassroots movement as national Democratic activists claim..
The same not-a-national-tactic is also coincidently being used in North Carolina:
Claiming that North Carolina’s Republican U.S. senators are dodging their constituents, a group of activists took out a quarter-page “lost and found” ad in The News & Observer on Sunday.
We told you that Democrats would get a lot of publicity for protesting against Republicans that did not have a public town hall meeting scheduled for this week only, and they are.
We told you there would be no similar out cry against Democrats, and there is not, and the media is eating it up.
Gardner has planned to hold tele-town hall meetings, just like U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet and U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, but the media only cares about what Republicans never planned to do, but Democrats are demanding so they can throw theatrical protests to get even more media attention.
And, we dare not call these tactics successful attempts to create fake news, for fear of being sued.Iranian security and intelligence forces have managed to arrest a drug trafficker in the southeastern province of Sistan and Baluchestan who is the biggest drug lord detained in the country in decades, the provincial police chief announced on Monday.
Speaking to the Tasnim News Agency, Brigadier General Hossein Rahimi said the criminal was recently apprehended by the police forces of Sistan and Baluchestan following massive and lengthy intelligence measures.
He said the drug lord is the biggest ever smuggler arrested in Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, adding that he has confessed to smuggling up to 800 tons of illicit drugs.
The commander went on to say that in the operation to nab the individual, about 300 other criminals involved in narcotics trafficking under his leadership were identified and arrested.
According to Iranian Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli, the drug trafficker collaborated with 14 international drug rings. 34 years.Berlin Christmas Market Attack Suspect Killed in Milan
Impacting Travel Donald Wood December 23, 2016
On Friday, the Italian Interior Ministry reported the suspect believed to be connected to the terror attack on a Berlin Christmas market, Anis Amri, was killed in a shootout with police in Milan.
According to ABCNews.com, Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti announced that police had stopped Amri near a train station in the Sesto San Giovani area of Milan when he pulled out a gun and shot one of the officers.
Police returned fire and killed Amri, and the officer who was shot was transported to a local hospital where he is now recovering. Italian authorities revealed they believe the man killed was “beyond any shadow of a doubt” Anis Amri.
Amri is suspected to be the main culprit in the truck attack Monday at a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people and injured 48 others. Police found Amri’s fingerprints in the cab of the truck, and he was known by United States intelligence agencies prior to the Berlin attack.
Police had been hunting for Amri since Monday. According to reports, Amri arrived in Italy from France and took a train to Milan. He was preparing to board a train in Sesto San Giovanni at around 3 a.m. local time when he was confronted by authorities and the shootout began.
Officials confirmed that the man killed by police was indeed Amri by identifying his physical features and fingerprints. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the truck attack and called Amri "a soldier of the IslamicBlackBerry is about to launch an update to its popular BlackBerry Messenger chat service that it hopes will rake in some extra coin.
The Waterloo, Ont.-based technology firm is looking to generate revenue with its BBM app through sponsorships with brand names and by launching a new BBM Shop that deals in virtual goods.
- BlackBerry sale to Lenovo killed after firm no from Ottawa
- BlackBerry will sell most of its Canadian real estate
- BlackBerry faces months of uncertainty in market's glare
The plan delivers on a promise last year when it said BBM, which has grown to more than 85 million since the chat service became available to iPhones and Android devices, would become a money-making business,
The company has no intentions to start charging most users for the app, opting instead for various other hooks to drive
'At no point should monetization come at the expense of the user' - David Proulx, senior director of BBM Business Development
revenues, from selling enhanced emoticons known as "stickers" to the eventual launch of a secure payment platform.
"At no point should monetization come at the expense of the user," said David Proulx, senior director of BBM Business Development at a meeting with reporters Tuesday.
"Approaches we're taking all — in their own way — add incremental value to the BBM experience."
The technology community was skeptical when BlackBerry first talked about plans to make the BBM service a viable business, but over the past few months chat applications have grabbed the attention of investors after Facebook purchased the competing service WhatsApp for US$19 billion.
Update to BBM coming soon
Now it's up to BlackBerry to generate money from its own service without alienating users.
When an update to the BBM software is released "within the next week," the company will open the doors to a new virtual shop which will heavily.
Facebook's messaging service has its own line of large and colourful pictures that users can use to convey their emotions. BlackBerry hopes to expand standard emoticons into a more branded experience with partners like World Wrestling Entertainment Inc.
Further sponsorship deals will be made through an updated version of its BBM Channels service, which will allow users to follow their favourite companies or download sponsored apps that are catered to their specific interests, whether its music, sports or business.
For corporate users the company will launch BBM Protected this summer. Companies can purchase the enhanced level of encryption as part its enterprise services.
In the longer term, BlackBerry hopes to turn BBM into a mobile financial services tool that will allow users to link their bank account to their phone for easier payments.
While the company tested out a early version of the idea with BBM Money in Indonesia, Proulx said it will still be a while before other parts of the world get to access similar technology.
BlackBerry is scheduled to report its fourth-quarter and year-end financial results early.A new love this time, not an old flame, Jim Jones Revue Burning Your House Down. I bought this album on CD to keep me company on a journey down to see my parents one night in late 2010 – I was going to drive down to see them for a weekend by myself after work and I wanted to cheer myself up and keep alert so I ventured a bit of the old hard-earned on this lot after I saw them play one song shambolically on TV. The journey was grim, 4 hours worth of Biblical style wind and rain on small country roads but I emerged at the other end, grinning from ear to tired ear, a true believer. I only picked up the vinyl in October last year but it was worth it.
Now Jim Jones had form, I knew him from Thee Hypnotics who I’d seen a few times over the years – once thrillingly with Rat Scabies from the Damned on drums in 1990. I knew him to be a fabulous yet reliable purveyor of top quality riffage, featuring only the finest bespoke antique stylings. The Jim Jones Revue are an absolutely thrilling, far louder, hot-rodded revisitation of all the finest bits of Jerry Lee Lewis, twinned with a more rocked up Bad Seeds. Like most of my favourite bands they look sharp and play sharper still, like a dissolute thuggish troop of vampires.
I mean, check out the titles: Elemental, Killin’ Spree, Foghorn, Dishonest John, Shoot First – need I go on? we’re dealing in pure anti-social energy here. The key to the whole LP is the piano of Elliott Mortimer, which elevates them stratospherically above any number of retro garage-blues-RNR bangers you care to mention, it is a thing of rare beauty and anyone doubting the piano’s classification as a percussion instrument need look no further. Add in Mr Jones’ mostly unhinged delivery and the sort of unpleasant things being done to guitars which would make Eric Clapton weep throughout and you have a real cocktail of fun, very ably produced by Jim Sclavunos of the aforementioned Bad Seeds. This would not be music to look at the wrong way in a bar, you’d just wake up without your teeth.
I listen to this LP a lot, an awful lot. Today’s favourites are the screamingly good ‘High Horse’ (good video too) which always makes me want to slash the train seats on my commute, the twisted full-on soul-revue stylings of ‘Righteous Wrong’, the strutting title track and the raw nerved boogie of ‘Stop the People’; but for my money it’s all good . There are some interesting slyly arty corners here but don’t come knocking on this LP’s door for sonic originality, but if you have ever loved rock and roll, and by that I mean the real full-blooded 1956-9 unsanitary version you should like this. However if that particular vintage doesn’t flow through your veins then this LP doesn’t want you as a friend and tonight at least, neither do I.
74 Down
(all pictures stolen from the web)
One thought on “High Horse”Beyond vegan, recycled, sweatshop-free shoes that are so classy they are in a class of their own.
All of their shoes have a retro-y, hip vibe which is a far cry from traditional, vegan hippie shoes that lack character and femininity. I can assure you from personal experience that you will feel like a sexpot wearing these shoes… a classy sexpot. 😉
The only tricky part of rockin’ these shoes is figuring out what your shoe size is. Use the chart I’ve provided as a guide. Their sizes run a teensy bit small so I’d recommend at least going up a half size. That’s usually a good rule of thumb when buying heels, as long as they’re not sling backs.
Beyond Skin shoes cost about $200 and up if you buy direct but you can get them for about half the price with free shipping through the Vegan Beauty Review Store. 😉
For more info: Beyond Skin
fab!!!
Hi there!
Just a note to let you know that we’re now making most of our boots and shoes in Lorica, the vegan leather.
Mainly we make more ‘alternative’ styles, but please have a look, there’s probably something you’ll like…
Ian,
The Fantasy Online Team.
I love, love, love, my wing tip black and white shoes.
There are nice strappy sandals at another vegan shoe shop that you wouldn’t expect to sell anything feminine or fashion-conscious: try the strappy sandals page on Veganline.com. Other veggie shoe shops are Ethical Wares and Vegetarian Shoes.Hayward Adult School computer science program, and registering for elective seminars. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Completion of an accredited business degree program can qualify you to enter the workforce immediately. To get started, browse management programs and certificate courses online. Concentrating on Hayward Adult School computer science program, for example, you may gain an advantage in corporate recruiting being done on-campus. Check with the computer programming department for course registration deadlines, and software programming program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Hayward Adultashua Community College retake policy as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Budget Analyst
North Carolina Central University
Maintain, monitor and analyze budget data, provide financial services and financial reports to university personnel and state agencies and assist the university..
10 hours ago Intern - Site Services - Strategy & Business Operations
Genentech
Analyze captured data to determine areas of concern, collect data during the project to better understand how people are using the building and how we can..
1 day ago Entry Level Pharmaceutical Sales Representative
Stratus Pharmaceuticals
Develop and execute a territory business plan. Stratus Pharmaceuticals promotes topical products to Hospitals, Long Term Acute Care Centers, Physician offices.
4 days ago Accounting Clerk
AdvanceCare Health Services, LLC
Perform other basic accounting and clerical functions to support overall business. Must be highly productive in an unstructured environment and must be able to..I’d like to share short mid-week post highlighting some of the amazing dogs of yours that are up here on Biscuit’s Buddies. To see them all or submit your dog, visit our Biscuit’s Buddies page!
Darby displays the purest, fiercest love for his friends and family of any creature—people included—I have ever met. He will quite literally quiver with excitement when he sees myself or his family. To Darby, time with his loved ones is everything to him. Being the focus of such passion has had a powerful effect that inspires me to try to show such outward affection to my loved ones because I know how much such displays mean to me.
Recent Barks!By David Walsh
January 30, 2009
Defense Systems
Vice Adm. Carl Mauney, deputy commander for the U.S. Strategic Command, makes few bones about it. Given the alarming growth of advanced intrusion efforts, cyber warriors must cooperate and focus more clearly on information assurance.
Mauney was in Washington, D.C. last week addressing the Network Centric Warfare 2009 conference. Attendees included U.S. and foreign military officers, government officials and industry executives.
STRATCOM directs the operation and defense of the military’s gigantic Global Information Grid. The grid executes cyberspace operations and strives to “identify new technologies and capability gaps,” Mauney said. Information assurance is a large part of its work and is dauntingly complex as the GIG interweaves among of the combatant commands, service branches and defense agencies, he said.
Also complicating cyber sleuths’ lives is the world’s billions of eye-blink-fast interconnected computers. But keeping up is vital. “Cyberspace has become a warfighting domain like land, sea, air, space,” Mauney told attendees. “And in light of growingly astute cyber enemies, it’s in our interest to maintain freedom of action,” he said.
However, he cautioned, “It can’t be done in isolation.” There’s a “compelling need to integrate all elements of cyberspace operation and to [move] at net speed.” This is because the DOD on a daily basis faces millions of denial-of-service attacks, hacking, malware, bot-nets, viruses and other ruinous intrusions, some of which are associated with nations and nation-states, he said.
Filed under: cyber security, Military, News, botnets, capability gaps, cooperation, cyber enemies, cyber sleuths, cyber space, denial of service attacks, freedom of action, GIG, Global Informatiion Grid, hacking, information assurance, malware, Network Centric Warfare 2009, ruinous intrusions, STRATCOM, US Strat, US Strategic Command, viruses, warfighting domain
Recent CommentsIf You Wanna Be My Lover, Please Do Not Get With My Friends
Between one thing and another, I’m not in the greatest mental shape these days, which, it turns out, in no way impedes my ability to write blog post after blog post, thereby giving my three faithful readers a frivolous alternative to absorbing Aretaeus, sucking up to Statius, or searching the internet for the cheapest available copy of Jules Asner’s Whacked. Ascending tricolon, by the way. Therapy is as expensive as medications are useless, so I’ve developed my own DIY method of chasing away the Hump Day Blues (Note to self: you are an unforgivable waster of opportunities if you don’t write a poem with that title immediately after finishing this post). It’s free, and anyone with an iPod can do it. Read on!
STEP 1: Compile a playlist of 15 of the shittiest, most random tracks on your iPod. Nothing legitimate. If you have an entire album by the artist, or have paid for his/her/their music, leave him/her/them off this list. Dance music from the mid-’90s, ludicrous rap, LimeWire impulse downloads, and one-hit wonders are going to be especially effective, so don’t skimp on those. “Skimp”? Is that a word? Is that how you spell it? I think that’s the first time I’ve ever used it in writing. Weird.
STEP 2: Insert headphones as directed. Press play to kick out the jams. Watch the time as you listen to each track: the singer has only one minute to give you a useful piece of advice or offer you some encouragement or a thoughtful take on your life. You will often get what you need in less than one minute. But if you get nothing in 60 seconds, move on.
It’s just that simple. These are my results:
- Just dance. Gonna be okay.
- Boys call you sexy. And you don’t care what they say.
- If the Scatman can do it, so can you.
- Come and smile. Don’t be shy. Touch my bum. This is life.
- When this whole world gets me down and there’s no love to be found, I close my eyes and soon I find I’m in a playground in my mind.
- I know what I want, and I want it now.
- When a problem comes along, you must whip it.
- We gotta sink the Bismarck ’cause the world depends on us.
- The party’s here on the west side.
- It’s official: I survived what I been through. We all got drama. The saga continues.
- This dance ain’t for everybody – only the sexy people.
- There are several other very important differences between human beings and animals that you should know about.
- Friendship never ends.
- I’m bringing sexy back. Them other fuckers don’t know how to act.
A pretty good haul, I’d say. Should provide more than enough inspiration to hammer out yet another round of motherfucking pointless cover letters. But first, that hump day poem. A person without priorities is like a something without a something.
I think yours are better. Maybe I need a better class of music:
1. I hear the drums echoing tonight
2. Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is what I need.
3. Well kill the fatted calf tonight, so stick around, your gonna hear electric music
4. You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life…
5. Don’t think me unkind, words are hard to find
6. I can go for miles if you know what I mean
7. Autumn winds blowing outside my window as I look around the room and it makes me so depressed to see the gloom
8. The chills that you spill up my back keep me filled with satisfaction when we’re done
9. I’m every woman, it’s all in me
10. This is a throw-down, a show-down, hell no, I can’t slow down. It’s gonna go.
11. If you see a faded sign at the side of the road that says: Fifteen miles to the…LOVE SHACK! Love shack yea, yea.
12. Roxanne, you don’t have to put on the red light. those days are over, you don’t have to sell you body to the night
13. Super Trouper Beams are gonna blind me, but I won’t feel blue, like I always do, ’cause somewhere in the crowd, there’s you.
14. Baby, I would climb the Andes solely to count the freckles on your body.
15. Humidity’s rising, barometer’s getting low, according to all sources, the street’s the place to go.Once spoken by an obscure tribe, Taushiro's future hinges on one man
No one can predict, of course, the day and the time of a person’s death. But it’s pretty safe to say that when Amadeo García García dies, a language will die with him.
Garcia is the last known native speaker of Taushiro, the language of a tribe that vanished into the jungles of the Amazon basin in Peru generations ago.
The tribe were among the world’s last hunter-gathers, according to the New York Times. They “wandered the swamps of the Amazon basin with blow guns called pucuna and fishing from small boats called tenete. They may have numbered in the thousands at one point, but they were no match for explorers who came to this part of South America in the 20th century, first for rubber, then for oil. Slowly, the Taushiro who didn’t flee the forced labor, died off, helped along by disease.
Garcia, who the Times says is around 70, has been living with the knowledge that his culture and language are on the edge of extinction for almost 20 years. With his brother’s death in 1999, he suddenly had no one left in the world to speak with in his native language. Tomás Villalobos, a Christian missionary who was with him when his brother died, remembers his response in broken Spanish when he asked Garcia, “How do you feel?”
“And he said to me: ‘It’s over now for us,’” Villalobos recalled
Garcia was married and had five children, but his wife left him in the 1980s, and he put the kids into an orphanage when they were still young. Now living in other parts of the Western hemisphere, they never Taushiro.
Mario Tapuy, who met Garcia as a child, has tried many times, unsuccessfully, to get his old friend to teach others the language.“I told him many times,” Tapuy said. “He listens, but it doesn’t record in his brain.”
Taushiro is not the only indigenous language at risk. The Times points out that 47 such languages are still extant in Peru, but nearly half are at risk of disappearing. At least 37 have already died in the last century, due to migration, urbanization and the pursuit of natural resources, the Times says.
“When a language like this disappears, you have lost a key data point in studying what universal properties exist in all languages,” lamented Zachary O’Hagan, a doctoral student in linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley, who has done research with Garcia in Peru.
This year, Peru’s Ministry of Culture began working with Garcia to create a database of 1,500 Taushiro words, 27 stories and three songs, with plans to make recordings of Garcia available to academics and others interested in the language.
It is a race against time, the Times points out— the linguist leading the project.
For his part, Garcia seems resigned. “The Taushiro don’t think about death,” he said. “We just move on.”New Water Heater Mandates Go In Effect April 16, 2015
New energy efficiency rules from the U.S. Department Of Energy for water heaters mean higher prices for consumers
Heating water for use in your home is the second largest source of energy consumption for homeowners. New rules call for higher standards on efficiency from water heater manufacturers. These new standards will change the physical space needed in your home for certain models and make the installation or replacement process more involved. The increased efforts of all this will mean higher prices on one hand and reduced energy usage on the other hand.
Jameson Electric Heating & Air is the Buffalo and Western New York water heater experts
The new water heater mandates require that water heater technicians understand what options homeowners have and how new models effect replacement and installation in your home. The new mandates cover all water heaters, but higher capacity units are more effected. In some instances your high capacity unit may need to migrate to new technology. That migration will incur additional installation costs.
The new water heater mandate could mean this for you:
- New Units can be up to 35% more expensive
- More space is needed – 2″taller and 2″ wider in some models
- More involved installation process
Please give us a call if you have any questions concerning the new water heater efficiency rules
Our technicians are continually trained on industry advancements and regulations. Call us for a free in-home estimate for water heater replacement. We’ll schedule an appointment that is convenient for you. We’ll listen carefully to all your needs and answer all your questions.The many of the songs are born of personal tragedy (Williams’ wife was nearly rendered a paraplegic from a horseback riding accident), they are anything but brooding. There is a recurring theme of plans turned upside down, relationships strained to the breaking point (and beyond), but eventually coming around to acceptance, revival and hard won redemption. Produced by Charlie Peacock (who also produced both of the great albums from The Civil Wars), the sound evokes the intimacy and spontaneity of music made by close friends in a living room.
The Lone Bellow figured out a way to harness the acoustic-rock template being mined by Mumford & Sons, The Lumineers and The Civil Wars and add a sense of powerful vocal incandescence… – Holly Gleason, Paste
The Lone Bellow – “The One You Should’ve Let Go”
[ca_audio url_mp3=”″ url_ogg=”” align=”none”]
The Lone Bellow – “You Don’t Love Me Like You Used To”
[ca_audio url_mp3=”″ url_ogg=”” align=”none”]First thing first, if I have to summarize everything about my experience of Mom 2.0 Summit in one sentence I’d say it was a “definite resounding success.” — in fact, I have no idea where to start. I figured I’ll be breaking things down into multiple posts to make it easier for everyone. Especially for those who have been considering to go and needs a little more convincing. This post is definitely a perfect fit and will serve as your guide and walkthrough.
I’m telling you this now, I had an absolute blast. I’m not just saying that because I went. Trust me, no sugar coating on my end. I literally had been suffering from severe morning sickness, and I am so glad the meds I got switched to helped a lot. Because if it didn’t, I would miss out on a whole LOT of learning, connecting and entertainment. I did, however, miss the Iris Awards as I was already feeling very nauseous and had to prepare for a really early morning flight the next day. Had to get up at 3:30 am to check out at 5 am.
First thing first, I flew out from New Jersey and arrived in Orlando Florida with a ride from Kia waiting at the airport. No booking needed! Just find the guy holding a red umbrella and that was it.
Kia Optima Hybrid
I arrived at The Ritz-Carlton Orlando, Grande Lakes and right away I was floored. The hotel looks grand, and I felt like royalty stepping into a world of fairy tale. Checking in was a breeze. They even offered to have my luggage delivered to my room so I can get started with my conference registration. That, by the way, took just a few minutes, and I received my badge and a welcome booklet with detailed info as far as the event schedule. Afterward, I went back to my room to relax before heading to the SunFest Welcome Party. Here’s what my room looked like …
Yes, the view from my room is phenomenal! More details about my room and what I think of at The Ritz-Carlton in a separate post. The party area was held by the pool, the ambiance was very relaxing. At first, I felt a bit shy and didn’t know if I should say hi to the other attendees … Here’s a major tip: a simple HELLO is enough to break the ice! Everyone is there to communicate, connect and network! So if you’re attending the next one, just know that you’re definitely at the right time and place.
Had a blast at #Mom2Summit! Enjoyed seeing everyone at the welcome party tonight 💕 #BestMoms pic.twitter.com/34RudZjvhh
— Angela Ricardo (@koreandoll) May 11, 2017
About the brands/sponsors of the event … they’re there to educate, inform and connect. There are more than 20+ sponsors altogether so I can’t really recap each and every single one. If you’re wondering which brands you missed for not attending this year’s conference, you can check them out at Mom 2.0 Summit 2017 Sponsors. Of course, we each have our own favorites! As for me, my top 10 brands that I can’t get enough of are:
- Best Buy » gotta love all the latest tech and innovations!
- Dove » I love and swear by their #RealBeauty campaign. I advocate after their mission and embracing who and what we are.
- Baby Dove » discovered this at the summit and after seeing the demo first-hand, I now know what I want for our little angel. Mommy’s going to be ready to keep the little one fresh, clean and well cared of!
- Munchkin Grass Fed » Munchkin’s baby products have everything I could want for our little one. Now they even have 100% grass fed milk which is GMO-free, rBGH free, and antibiotic free formula!
- Similac » I love their StrongMoms program where they share their expert advice for a healthy pregnancy and healthy babies.
- Kia » with our growing family, we totally love that every Kia is designed technology, grace, safety and its users in mind. At the end of the day, our family comes first, and Kia knows that!
- Prudential » we can never prepare too early for our future, with a baby coming this November and a big move to Las Vegas in less than 3 years, taking charge of our finances is crucial. Prudential helps take guess work out of all that.
- Toca Boca » I literally download one of their apps to check it out and see the gameplay first hand. I wanted to find an educational way to stimulate my little one’s imagination without having to worry about certain dangers. I definitely approve of their service and highly recommend it to fellow parents.
- Fresh Wave » as an expecting mom and with a little one on the way, having “CLEAN” natural odor-neutralizing products to remove certain smell is welcome in our home!
- Smarty Pants » as someone who had been struggling with all the medications I am taking, it is refreshing to find prenatal vitamins in gummy chewable form and also very delicious!
Mind you, this isn’t just my first time at Mom 2.0 Summit, altogether this is my very first blog-related conference. Since I am new in the “mommy blogging” industry, it was totally refreshing to get to know and meet fellow bloggers who are also expecting (like me!), new moms and veterans! I never imagined I would feel so welcomed, wanted, as well as appreciated.
Before attending the event, I researched, googled and read a lot about the previous Mom 2.0 Summit conferences. I was prepared to have a great time. What it turned out to be was way better than I imagined, and more.
What brought you to Mom2.0? "Everything that I’ve read [and researched] they have said great things about Mom2 and for a first time mom like me, I want to be able to connect and expand my reach just like other people have in the past. If I can see how genuine their smiles are – and how their experience was – I knew that I would have a great time just like them. And now that I’m here, it’s more than anything I expected it to be. In just a few hours I was able to connect with other people, other bloggers. As a new mom, I’m a very happy. I’ll definitely be coming back." Angela Ricardo @koreandoll angelaricardo.com
Overall, if you’re one of those who’s on the fence about attending, I hope that this post has helped you change your mind to check out the next Mom 2..0 Summit. The next one is their 10th Anniversary!!! Oh, and if you are a blogger, this is the best investment you could ever do for yourself and your blog to take things to the next level. Let me know your thoughts! xx
Kristina
This looks beautiful and like an amazing time. I would like to go here. I’ll have to check out the one next year!!
Kara
I’ve always wanted to attend mom2.0. It looks like the Ritz was the perfect place to host all of the fun!
Sona Sethi
Wow! I haven’t attended such events but I am sure it must be a lot of fun! Very nice pictures.
robin rue
Glad you had a fun time at the conference. I am considering going next year because literally everyone I knew was there this year.
Cassie
This summit looks awesome Angela! We visited Orlando but strictly stayed in Disney so I would have loved to explore some places outside! This Ritz-Carlton looks amazing and sounds like you got in some good networking!
Janel
Wow I don’t think I’ve ever had service like that with her car was waiting for me right from the airport. I always have to stand in a long line of people before I get my car .
Karen
oh…. girl! The Ritz Carlton! Swoon! Jealous of just you mentioning you stayed there! But, really I am so happy that you had a blast at this Mom conference (and you’re not feeling so much morning sickness) and that you also got such cool royal treatment! That Kia ride sounds amazing! You’re so fancy! …
Heather Garcia
Looks like you had a great time! The view from that room is perfection! Nothing like palm trees to set the tone for a vacation!
daniella
The ritz calrton is so nice! My favorite hotel probably. I have only stayed there once in new orleans though before hurricane katrina.
Journa Ramirez
That’s an awesome service! I know you had a great time and that you’ve learned lots of things. I want to go next year..
Marcie in MOmmyland
This is so helpful! I’ve been thinking about which conferences I want to attend next year. I saw so many posts about Mom 2.0 this week!
Jessica Joachim
It looks like you had a great time! I have been wanting to eventually make it to a conference in my area and meet other bloggers. It seems like a really awesome experience.
Ana De- Jesus
Aw a big welcome to the mummy blogging world. So glad that you had a good time at the summit and I can’t wait to see you grow! Good luck x
Cindy INgalls
Sounds like such a fun time and great place to meet new people and do some networking.
aish das-padihari
Really loved this post and I think, you were lucky that, you could participate. I love Ritz-Carlton properties.
Amber Nelson
It looks like you had a great time. I am definitely going to try to make it there next time.
Donah @ SJB
So KIA has a hybrid? Awesome. I always adore KIA for having durable yet affordable cars. It is great to know that they also develop hybrid cars. Yes, I would definitely bookmark the next one!
Charlotte
This looks like a great event and definitely one I would consider going too! Thanks for the walkthrough it gives a bit more info to help me decide
Heather
I have been thinking about this blog conference for a couple years now, but my kids have been so little that I haven’t felt like I could go yet. I am hoping next year to get to one though!
Latasha Peterson
Looks like so much fun at the conference! Your photos look awesome.
and I love the red car.
Chelle Dizon
Wow that’s very good to hear that you had a blast and enjoyed the event. I know how excited you are to attend this. You look very lovely beshy! I’ll be waiting for more blogs about your Mom 2.0 Summit experience.
Dawn McAlexander
I can remember when I attended my first conference. It was a lot like this one. I got to test drive new cars and all. It was a lot of fun. I can relate to your excitement over this one.
B rittany
Okay that’s it! I am definitely going next year. I was about to go but then I couldn’t afford it. I’ll definitely save for it next year.
anvita
Sounds like you have a great time and found it super useful. Wuill stay tuned for the next one.
Courtneylynne
Awwww glad you had a fabulous time at the conference!!!! I just love Grand Lakes! One of my favorite Ritz Carltons!
Heather
This looks like a fabulous conference and I wish I had attended this year! Hopefully I’ll find someone selling a ticket for 2018 in CA!!!!
Rachel Catherine
This looks like it was such a fun event! I’m hoping that I can go to it next year. Such a great experience for everyone.
Toughcookiemommy
I’ve been hearing some really good things about this conference from other bloggers. The lineup of sponsors is really amazing.
angela milnes
Looks like you had a great time there and have an awesome experience and I really love your photo
Katriza
I would love to go to something like this! I’ve heard some great things about this summit! I hope I’ll be able to go next year!
Debbie-jean Lemonte
reading this made me a little jealous. Maybe I should become a mom so I can attend next time. It looked like so much fun! Haha!The TSW Gatsby Wheel features a split six-spoke and concave design as well as a high load rating, making it more than able to carry the load of your car, truck or SUV. Take your vehicles performance to the next level with TSW Gatsby Wheels. TSW Gatsby comes in a gunmetal with a mirror cut face finish, matte black finish, and silver with mirror cut face finish. Either one of the three are guaranteed to not just make your ride look good, but perform great as well.
A recent release from TSW Wheels, the TSW Gatsby Wheel is made for performance vehicles as well as trucks and SUV's. It comes in sizes 20x8.5, 20x10, 22x9, and 22x10. These are big wheels that will make your truck look tougher and be more durable, especially when it comes to off-road adventures. TSW Gatsby Wheel also has a lifetime warranty on wheel structure. A feature that comes in handy for heavier vehicles like your truck or SUV.
View the complete line of TSW Wheels >>‘The Captain Class’ Defines The Greatest Sports Teams Ever Based On One Character – NPR
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
There is no better, faster way to start a barstool argument with another sports fan than to trot out a list of the world’s greatest teams. That’s a line from the new book “The Captain Class.” The author is Sam Walker, and he set out to produce exactly such a list, the all time best sports teams. He settled on 16 of them, then he set about figuring out what they had in common. Sam Walker is in the NPR New York bureau. Hey there.
SAM WALKER: Hi, Mary Louise.
KELLY: Hi. So people should know you have watched a lot of good sports teams in action over the years as a sports writer and editor for The Wall Street Journal. What makes a team the greatest, greatest ever?
WALKER: Well, I’ll start with what doesn’t which came as a great shock to me. I assumed it would be superstar talent or the coach or, you know, a lot of money or great tactics. But when I finally isolated this sample of 16 teams, I realized that none of those things apply equally to all of them. In fact, there was only one and only one thing that they all had in common, and their winning streaks were very closely bracketed by the presence of one player.
And this player in all cases was – or would eventually become the captain or the leader of the team. And these captains were, you know, interesting characters because they weren’t the captains you thought. It’s not Michael Jordan and Derek Jeter or Pele or big superstars. A lot of them were people I’d never heard of and who really played in the shadows and were not famous people.
KELLY: Michael Jordan, Chicago Bulls didn’t make the cut – what? – six titles in eight years wasn’t good enough for you?
WALKER: Yeah. Well, you know what? It’s funny. I mean, everyone remembers then they were so spectacular and what they did was incredible. But, you know, one of the criteria I use to define the greatest teams ever is that what – their accomplishments were completely unique inside their own sport. And I’m sorry the Bulls won six titles in eight years, but, you know, the Boston Celtics of the ’50s and ’60s won 11 titles in 13 years including eight in a row…
KELLY: OK. So you had to do something nobody else has done before to make this list.
WALKER: Yes, yes. Exactly.
KELLY: Tell me about the moment that it came to you that the secret was all down to the captain, who, as you say, is not necessarily the superstar on these teams.
WALKER: Well, you know, it jumped right out. It was the first thing I noticed about these teams because I looked at all their rosters, and I realized that there was always uncannily one player that kind of ran the course of the streak. And I thought it was just way too simple, and it couldn’t possibly be that obvious.
So I went through all the other possibilities, you know, and I found that some teams had great coaches. Some didn’t. Some were tactically advanced. Some were not. Some had a lot of money. Most of them had none. So there was no other factor that they shared, and it was really obvious in the end that the only common thread was the character of the captain.
KELLY: So you were watching a team and looking and they would be middling or good, but not great, and then one captain would come in and the years that that captain was running the team, you saw a difference, you saw the breakthrough?
WALKER: Uncannily so. I mean, there was – one of the first teams I looked at was the Boston Celtics and Bill Russell. You know, the moment he showed up his rookie season, they won their first title. And they won their last of that streak the year before he retired. And after that, they fell off. They’d never won a championship before he showed up, and it took them a long time to get back there after he left. And this happened over and over. Every team I looked at, there was a real clear cutoff that was readily apparent.
KELLY: So what is it that makes a great captain?
WALKER: Well, you know, it’s not what you think. You know, we – I think if we were asked to construct a captain in a laboratory, we would pick a superstar. We’d pick someone who is charismatic, a celebrity. But what I discovered was that the great captains of these teams were not obvious people. They were rarely stars. They did the grunt work. They also had other surprising characteristics, like they embraced dissent and conflict inside their teams.
It can be really problematic when they thought something wasn’t going well, and they were really relentless. And they hated giving speeches. They had a different style of communication that was much more low-key and individual. And they had incredible emotional control. I mean, to an extreme, and they also had this tendency to test the rules. I found all these examples of unsportsmanlike things they did in competition, and it took me a long time to figure…
KELLY: Unsportsmanlike things they did.
WALKER: Unsportsmanlike – they would do things like insult the opponent as a strategy or, you know, they would do very physically aggressive things or even push the rules to the limit. And this confused me. But I did a lot of research and looked into science and looked more closely, and I realized that in all these cases, these captains only did this in competition.
Off the field, they were completely different. They shunned attention and never got in trouble, so this was something that they did within the confines of the rules of sports and competition.
KELLY: One thing you said there surprises me which is that great captains embrace dissent, embrace conflict on their team. Give me an example of a team where you saw that.
WALKER: The Soviet hockey team in 1980 famously lost to the U.S. in what was called the Miracle on Ice. On the flight back to Moscow, the coach of the team started trashing a lot of the individual players and blaming the loss on them. Now, a veteran defenseman named Valeri Vasiliev overheard this and just went bonkers, ran over, started choking his coach and threatened to throw him off the plane if he didn’t take it back.
So, you know, he could have been sent to the gulag for this clearly. And, you know – and probably should have been, but, you know, the interesting thing that happened was they went from there to put on this incredibly dominant run for four years. But they were almost unbeatable. And, you know, that’s a great example of, you know, there’s a certain kind of conflict and dissent inside a team that I found over and over again, this kind of conflict that’s actually really essential to forming a great team.
KELLY: When you share this theory that you’ve arrived at, that it’s all down to the captain, when you share that with current athletes what do they say? Do they buy it?
WALKER: You know, the captaincy is a funny thing. In fact, it’s fallen out of fashion. You know, a lot of teams are not naming captains. They’re naming a group of captains. They’re very suspicious of the tradition. Some of this is economics because as television supports sports, there’s an emphasis on putting on a good show. And these are the kinds of bankable stars that put, you know, butts in seats to be blunt about it.
So what’s happened is that the superstar and the coach tend to be this sort of two poles of power on a team. And the captain’s role is really fascinating. It was always a middle manager. It was an intermediary between the players and the coaches. It wasn’t necessarily the best player. So a lot of teams simply give the captaincy to the best player, but that’s not the model that’s been successful over the years.
KELLY: That’s Sam Walker. His book is “The Captain Class: The Hidden Force That Creates The World’s Greatest Teams.” It’s out next Tuesday. Sam Walker, thank you so much.
WALKER: Thanks,.Southwestern Advent engineering programs, engineering programs,anta Technical College global warming as an adjunct to your primary course of study.
Automation Engineer
Tanisha Systems
*Hello Professional,* We have below position if interested please revert with your updated resume. *Role : Automation Engineer* *Duration : 12+ Months* Electrical Engineer
ADDCO Manufacturing
We are seeking a full-time *Electrical Engineer*. As a key team member you will be responsible for the creation of electrical systems within our multi-company..
2 days agoIt's Tunisia and nothing special.....he can dunk.Omg that pic is a.ss.
truth
The way BX blew up earlier and the announcers in the background were talking while I had the game playing you would have thought Kemp or Vince had gone back in the time machine.
sh*t was whack and those sh*tty slo mos just make it worse. How the fu*k slo mo make your sh*t look worse than it was, I thought it was supposed to have the opposite effect?
ur mouth never gets sore from sucking all that d!ck ????
fu*king f*g I hate u with a passionn
get off lebrons d!ck
Instagram picture with a filter?
Didnt realize 12-year-old white girls post on here.
pic is trash and the drunk was trash
not much elevation at all.
look at how he had to throw that sh*t in because he came up short.
seegay lost.
he does that same lame a.ss dunk every time....
n*ggas still saying Lebron 250lbs?? That's about as true as Durant still being 6'9
Bron weighs no less than 280lbs.
yo n*gga take his d!ck out ur mouthHis Highness the Amir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah received on Monday the credentials of the newly-appointed ambassadors to the State of Kuwait including Ambassadors of Hungary, Kazakhstan, Canada, Kenya and Nepal.
The ceremony was attended by First Deputy Premier and Foreign Minister Sheikh Sabah Khaled Al-Hamad Al-Sabah, Deputy Amiri Diwan Affairs Minister Sheikh Ali Jarrah Al-Sabah, Amiri Diwan Undersecretary Ibrahim Al-Shatti, Director of His Highness the Amir's Office Ahmad Al-Fahd, Adviser at the Amiri Diwan Mohammad Abu Al-Hassan, Head of the Amiri Protocols Sheikh Khaled Abdullah Sabah Al-Naser Al-Sabah, Director of the Protocols at the Foreign Ministry Ambassador Dhari Al-Ajran and assistant Amiri Guard Commander Brig. Fahad Al-Zaid.
"It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed."
"Envy comes from wanting something that isn't yours. But grief comes from losing something you've already had."Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
Return to: Department of History, Sociology, and Anthropology
Choose two of the following:
Students must take a minimum of one upper division course in each of the three tracks (3000-4000)
Asterisks (*) indicate courses that have prerequisites
Other courses may be substituted; students should meet with the appropriate faculty, chairs, and/or deans to seek approval for a substitute course
No grade below a C- will be accepted toward the minorWelcome to 8tracks radio: free music streaming for any time, place, or mood. tagged with sad, sleep, chill, and 10cm. You can also download one of our free apps to enjoy internet radio on your favorite device.
When you can't sleep at night
by twatnugget
2830 201 33 tracks
1:08 AM
5147 333 12
cold hands, warm heart
by yoursenpai
1077 76 16 tracks
12:20 AM
176 13 12 tracks
Introspective Collective
104 7 10 tracks
Good Night; 1
148 8 11 tracksFood quality for Ethiopia
March 2009 - ttz Bremerhaven supports Know-how transfer for meat and diary institute in South Africa
Tags: South Africa, Ethiopia, meat and diary industry, quality assurance, food technology, ttz Bremerhaven
This press release is only available in German.
ttz Bremerhaven is an innovative provider of research services and operates in the field of application-oriented research and development. Under the umbrella of ttz Bremerhaven, an international team of experts is working in the areas of food, environment and health.Chapter 4.
Eliot lifted his head from his chest and stared out at a different world. He was in a cell, an iron-ringed cage. He was no longer a feeble old man. His mind burned in anger. He felt electric with life.
He looked around at his six-foot by eight-foot world.
He was sitting on a sagging metal frame that supported a worn-out, filthy mattress, sheets, and a military woolen blanket. This pillow was too soft, too old, punched down to intangible uselessness. He wadded it up between his hands and threw it against the iron bars of his cell. It fell, noiselessly, to the floor. He hated that pillow.
It was sixty-five degrees in the cell; but with no room to walk around, it felt cold. His pent-up indignation at the unfairness of the universe took on a life of its own.
“Rosewater, Captain Eliot Rosewater, will report to theInterrogationCenter. Rosewater, Captain Eliot Rosewater, report to the InterrogationCenter.”
The speakers died. Echoes from Rosewater’s cement-and-dust world died.
Two large men dressed in gray uniforms, two large men carrying Taser guns, walked down the metal-grid walkway towards him.
One of them held his identification card out in front of a plate next to the door of Eliot’s cage. Next, the guard pushed his face up to an electronic scanner. The door slid open with a snakelike hiss.
Captain Rosewater pushed down against the bunk with his hands and stood up.
The second Corrections Officer, the one that hadn’t opened the cell door, was a middle-aged dumpy one with a shaggy moustache. He swaggered into the cell and said, “Let’s go.”
The first guard, a taller man about thirty, just stared down into the prisoner’s eyes. The fat one ordered Rosewater to turn around. After he complied, plastic manacles were fastened around his wrists, pinning his hands tight behind his back.
“Turn around,” said the fat one.
The tall one remained standing outside the cell, slapping his left hand with the Taser.
“Let’s go,” the fat one repeated.
“What’s your name?” Rosewater asked him.
The guard didn’t answer. He just jabbed his prisoner between the shoulders with the Taser.
Eliot was on the floor. He felt around with his tongue, to see if all his teeth were still in their right places. As his wits came stumbling back, he noticed a stabbing pain on the outside of my right calf. He looked down at it at the same moment that the two guards jerked him up by the armpits. He felt dizzy, banged against the cell door and reeled into the hall.
He twisted out of the guards’ grasp and smacked his back into the waist-high railing, trying to get his balance. He got punched in the left side of his neck for that. In three seconds, he was jerked back to the center of the walkway and shoved forward. He was having trouble lifting his feet and his prison-issue shoes kept getting tangled in the metal grid of the walkway. Ten feet behind him, the door to his cell sighed closed. Then, with a solid, metal clang, it shut itself and locked. Rosewater could hear nothing but the echoes of footsteps, his own ragged breathing and the grunts of the two guards who herded him off to theInterrogationCenter.
He was prodded again, this time by the bigger fellow. It was just a jab, though, no electricity. Eliot was grateful for that.
Imagine his surprise at finding himself standing in a field of poppies in a sunny field. His wife, Sylvia, was running towards him with her arms held wide.
“Eliot,” she cried out, “Eliot, I still love you. I will always love you.”
He raised his arms and reached out to her.
Just as they were about to touch one another, a deafening blast like a train hitting a rock wall snapped him out of his dream and he was shoved roughly into the Interrogation Room. The train’s siren continued to wail in Rosewater’s brain, though its volume grew lower as his eyes began to focus.
What he saw, then, was the greasy Lieutenant Colonel that ran the concentration camp. Eliot was three inches taller than the heavily-muscled man in the garish uniform; but he was probably outweighed by twenty pounds. The warden looked to be forty years old. Somehow, Eliot knew that he, himself, was in his late twenties. He didn’t wonder how he had shed seventy years: he had been having lucid dreams for decades and imagined he was having one, now
“Welcome back, Captain.” The raspy voice of the warden grated like rusted metal scraping against cement. “Take a seat,” he ordered.
Eliot said, “Please take the cuffs off”. The warden pretended not to hear and nodded towards a battered looking wooden chair. A child’s chair, it sat meekly just inches from the warden’s huge, weathered, desk. Eliot shuffled towards it. The taller guard who had escorted him from his cell kicked the chair backwards to make room for Eliot’s feet. His thumbs drove into Eliot’s shoulders and forced him down onto the miniature roost. Its legs had been cut short to make those forced to sit on it feel small and defenseless. Eliot’s chin was three inches higher than the top of the warden’s desk. The warden’s cold and soulless eyes were menacing, tiny lights, pinched tight to the top of his snout. Eliot felt small and defenseless. His knuckles scraped the seat of the chair and his shoulders were forced high, next to his ears, because there was no room for his gangly arms. His legs flopped out in front of him. He pulled his knees up so that his feet were flat on the floor. He felt like a helpless dung beetle under the field-glass of a bug-collector.
Very interesting information!Perfect just what I was looking for!
I am thrilled to be of service, Dorian.
castrol
Thanks for your contribution and I will use it for my work research that I am doing for this website.
What sort of research are you doing?
NSA Casual. Those darned crabs. They’re like between bears and bedbugs and cannot be taken for granted. You must take your daughter back to the seashore, though, before her frightening event becomes PTSTD. or PTSDT. or whatever that is.
You have observed very interesting details! ps nice web site.
Thank you. G-d knows I try. It’s amazing how tiny details in fiction have to be duplicated so carefully. And thanks for the compliment on the web site: the Header is a close-up of a Jackson Pollock painting.
Dead written articles, Really enjoyed looking at.
I’m extremely amazed with your writing skills and in addition with the layout in your weblog. Is this any paid theme or did you modify that yourself? Anyway keep up the excellent quality composing, It’s rare to see a great blog exactly like it nowadays.
Thank you for your kind words. Regarding the layout of my weblog, it is not a paid theme: The Header is a detail of a Jackson Pollock painting that I enjoyed and felt it would accompany the text nicely.
Great post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
Thank you for your kind works, top acne creams. I hope to be able to keep adding a chapter each week. Late Tuesday seems to be the time I’ve been posting. Chapter 11 is in the can & I’m working on chapter 12, today.
awesome. very interesting.. like your angle on it
I do enjoy the way you have presented this particular matter.
Thank you so much.While at each of our weddings we’re able to capture some amazing moments with our clients, if you throw in the kind of gorgeous light we had on Maryland’s Eastern Shore recently for Amy & Erik’s lighthearted celebration, then words just can’t describe it (see below). The Boston couple met while Amy was working at a restaurant run by their respective attendants, and where Eric was a frequent patron. One miscalculated bill started them talking, and they eventually ended up at her parents beautiful home overlooking the bay for their wedding. Her dad had created the huppah under which they stood for their vows from a birch tree on the property. Its rustic feel was further enhanced by long strings of greenery and bright, fall-themed colors.
Amy, glowing in a beautiful beaded Priscilla of Boston gown, was escorted by her dad from the house in which she grew up, down the steps toward the water and towards her husband to be, Erik. Amy’s aunt, an Episcopalian minister with a wonderfully free spirit, performed the ceremony, offering a personalized homily based on Song of Solomon as a fun surprise for Amy and Erik and their guests. Also, being on the water, a nice breeze came in and washed over the guests, making it amusingly difficult for their respective moms to light the candles in preparation for a unity candle lighting later in the ceremony.
After the ceremony, their guests picked up their place cards hung with miniature clothespins placed on ropes strung between two trees in their back yard by the pool. During cocktail hour, we went off with the two of them for some great portraits as the sun was setting. Amy’s dad had planted a large bed of cosmos flowers near the ceremony site, and we loved shooting around it and also on their boat dock, where the two were in a fun and playful mood. We had lots of company as well during the portraits. Erik’s engineering company makes 35mm lens mounts to the motion picture industry for use with movie cameras, so you can imagine how many additional colleague shutterbugs were around to help capture the great moments and fun portraits from the day.
Shortly after the sun set, these amazing yellows, reds, and blues appeared in the sky over the water, and it seemed half of the guests emerged from the tent to photograph it–it was one of the most spectacular sunsets we’ve seen at a wedding. Later in the evening, after thoughtful toasts and even an impromptu solo by another of Amy’s talented aunts, Amy decided in lieu of a bouquet toss, to offer her bouquet as a gift to her grandmother who served as inspiration for her own wedding and budding marriage. It’s something we’ve seen at a few weddings over the years and it’s always touching to witness. Their cake, by Julie Bakes (what a cool name for a baker!), was not only beautiful, but moist and delicious too. Further into the evening, the catering staff lit a bonfire in the fire pit in the backyard, and at this point nearly everyone took a pause from the dance floor festivities to warm themselves and chat among the burning embers. It was a great way to end the evening, full of love and happiness, and it was such a pleasure to be able to document it. Congratulations, you two, and thank you for having us out!
And of course, some fabulous Autumn-hued details:
November 22, 2008 at 2:35 pm
Wow, amazing light. So beautiful! You guys are the best at what you do and I especially love how your sense of humor comes thru in your work!
December 28, 2008 at 4:31 pm
Absolutely beautiful, radiant bride!Mid-sized construction firms race ahead in road sector
While it’s true that behemoths such as Larsen and Toubro Ltd are symbolic of infrastructure development in the country, ironically 2017 has been a year when mid-sized firms rose to the spotlight. Indeed, they ticked all the boxes on revenue growth, profits and order flows. Their stock prices have accordingly rallied to outperform the returns of benchmark indices and infrastructure giants.
To name a few, Sadbhav Engineering Ltd’s shares returned 37% in a year, while the shares of PNC Infratech Ltd and KNR Constructions Ltd returned 82% and 63%, respectively.
What is driving this investor frenzy? Primarily, it is the government’s thrust on infrastructure, mainly roads, bridges, railways and waterways, with the highest allocation being to roads. Of course, these firms are the newer lot that learnt from the mistakes of the older ones. So did the authorities and regulators in the sector who faltered on clearances and procedures in the early years before they got their act together.
The recent awards in the road sector have been smooth sailing, especially with the shift from the BOT (build-operate-transfer) to EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) framework and to HAM (Hybrid Annuity Model) by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).
Firms such as PNC Infratech, KNR Constructions, Ashoka Buildcon Ltd and NCC Ltd (formerly Nagarjuna Construction Co. Ltd) have order books that should drive revenue growth for the next two-three years. While earlier firms got stuck with cost overruns due to project delays, these have clocked stable revenue growth of 15-20% over the last couple of years. Timely execution of projects, therefore, has enabled healthy profit margins and cash flows that are reflected in a decent interest cover for these firms.
Of course, performance in the recent quarters was impacted by macroeconomic developments such as demonetisation and the goods and services tax.
A Nomura Securities report says that the government is set to award 50,000km of road projects valued at Rs5 trillion in the next two years. “NHAI has awarded more than 55% of the projects under HAM, 35% under EPC and 10% under BOT toll in FY2017,” adds the report.
Further, that the government is sorting out land acquisition and environment clearance issues prior to the awards is reassuring for developers, banks and financiers, and investors.
Meanwhile, the offer to roll out a TOT (toll-operate-transfer) model for maintenance of existing highways is another carrot for developers. A report by Crisil Research forecasts a reasonable 12-13% internal rate of return for participants in TOT projects based on NHAI’s estimated “concession value” for the first bundle of nine projects offered.
That said, improved prospects are limited only to firms that are predominantly road developers. There is little hope in other infrastructure segments like power that is still reeling with overcapacity. Irrigation and railways too are yet to gain momentum.
However, the road segment also has its share of problems. Funding, be it debt or equity, is tough for new projects given that many financial institutions burnt their fingers when road developers got sucked into a debt trap about a decade ago. Besides, even in the TOT model, returns could be erratic if the toll traffic intensity reduces due to unforeseen factors.
That apart, competition in the EPC segment is now rising, with scores of mid-sized companies willing to seize the opportunity in the country’s infrastructure development. This could again spiral into a trend of unviable bids seen a decade ago.
Meanwhile, some firms such as Simplex Infrastructures Ltd with exposure to affordable housing, building construction and urban infrastructure are betting on the government’s push in these areas too. The caveat here could be the outcome of the next general election that is not too far away.IMPOSSIBLE ROAD, the iOS minimal arcade racer that is “about risk, reward, and rollercoasters,” has been named the App Store Free App of the Week. The game, which usually carries a $4 tariff, is free now through Thursday, October 13.
IMPOSSIBLE ROAD is a pure, minimal arcade game about risk, reward, and rollercoasters.
“9/10” – Edge Online).
IMPOSSIBLE ROAD is free for the next week, and is available for the iPhone and iPad, in the App Store. [GET IT NOW]
Developer of IMPOSSIBLE ROAD has also released SUPER IMPOSSIBLE ROAD, a multi-player, SUPER version of the game, via Steam, and it is available for $12.99, via early access for both Mac and Windows computers. Check it out on Steam.2015 Legislative Update: Week Six
The 2015 Legislative Session is approaching its midpoint, with the two major (and related) issues that must be addressed still undone: the General Fund Budget and the Governor’s Tax proposals. This week marked the 13th and 14th days of the 30-day meeting schedule. As yet, the only action on the General Fund Budget has been hearings in which the Governor’s cabinet members have set forth the dire situations that would result if the Legislature adjourns without passing the revenue measures proposed by the administration.
The Education Trust Fund (ETF)
In contrast to the General Fund Budget, the Education Budget is making its way through the Legislative process with some speed. On Tuesday, the Senate passed the ETF budget by a vote of 33-0. The budget is now in the House Ways & Means Education Committee, chaired by Rep. Bill Poole (R-Tuscaloosa). It is expected that the Committee will hold a hearing on the budget in the next couple of weeks and then report the bill to the floor for final passage. As noted in last week’s update, the ETF budget calls for the hiring of approximately seventy (70) additional teachers, as well as more money for pre-K programs and textbooks. It does not contain any funds for teacher pay raises.
The General Fund
In budget hearings this week, the Legislature heard from, among others, the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources as well as the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency. According to the heads of those Departments, the massive cuts that would be required in the event new revenue measures are not passed would result in the closure of at least six (6) State parks and the layoffs of as many as 100 State Troopers. It is unclear at this time how the Legislature will address the General Fund budget crisis. Hearing and Committee meetings on both the budget and the Governor’s tax proposals are expected in the next two weeks.
Governor’s Economic Incentives Package
Three of the bills in the Governor’s economic development package have yet to receive final passage. House Bill 214, sponsored by Rep. Victor Gaston (R-Mobile), which would extend the tax credit for the use of historic structures by seven years, has been reported to the House floor and is expected to be addressed soon by the full House. The Alabama Innovation Act, House Bill 304 sponsored by Rep. Phil Williams (R- Huntsville) remains ready for passage by the House. It would establish research and development tax credits for certain businesses. Finally, HB 416, the Alabama Renewal Act by Rep. Chris Pringle (R-Mobile) is pending in the House Ways & Means Education Committee.
Prison Reform
As was the case last week, the Prison Reform bill sponsored by Sen. Cam Ward (R-Alabaster) was not acted upon this week by the House Judiciary Committee, House Judiciary is chaired by Rep. Mike Jones (R-Andalusia).
Data Breach Legislation
Senate Bill 106, sponsored by Sen. Arthur Orr (R-Decatur) and known as the Alabama Information Protection Act of 2015 continues to be worked on, and very likely will be voted on by the Senate this coming week. The bill would require businesses that maintain databases of personal information to report data breaches
Guns in Cars
On Wednesday, the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported Senate Bill 14 by Sen. Gerald Allen (R-Tuscaloosa). The bill would allow all Alabamians to carry a loaded pistol in their car, whether or not they possess a valid pistol permit. The bill was amended in Committee to preserve the minimal conditions that employers may place on their employees who want to have firearms in their cars parked in employer parking lots.
Schedule
The Legislature has met fourteen (14) of the thirty (30) days permitted as part of its Regular Session. The House of Representatives is scheduled to reconvene for the fifteenth day on Tuesday, April 21 at 1:00 PM. The Senate will reconvene on the same day...100% Authentic. Free Shipping Worldwide. Free Returns.
Product 12/12
Stockings by Cervin - Seduction Couture Nylon Hold Ups in black. These classic 15 denier nylon stockings are a delight to wear. Like many of Cervin's products they are made to a very high standard. Cervin takes you back in the atmosphere of the glamorous 40's and 50's with the classy Cervin Seduction Couture Nylon Hold Ups. An authentic Edwardian 3 thread seam makes it very sensuous. The reinforced toe and the tapered pyramid-shaped heel ensures that the black seam is correctly positioned for maximum impact. Hold Ups are the ultimate finishing touch for your luxury lingerie.
Delicate hand wash separately.
- 15 denier- 100% polyamide
XS: stocking size 1S: stocking size 2M: stocking size 3L: stocking size 4XL: stocking size 5We provide you online real time reservation of Hotels
Welcome to the Cancun Travel Guide, your online travel specialist. Cancun Hotels offers you comprehensive information and online booking facilities for Hotel Ikaro Suites, Ikaro Suites.
To proceed just fill in your dates, rooms and amount of persons and by pressing Get Quote you’ll get instant availability with our most competitive price.
Property Location
Located in Cancun, Hotel Ikaro Suites is minutes from Market 28 and Iglesia de Cristo Rey. This aparthotel is within close proximity of Ceviche Square Cancun and Casa de la Cultura.
Rooms
Make yourself at home in one of the 15 air-conditioned guestrooms. Relax and take in city views from the privacy of your room. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Bathrooms have showers and complimentary toiletries.
Rec, Spa, Premium Amenities
Enjoy the recreation opportunities such as an outdoor pool or make use of other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access.
Business, Other Amenities
Free parking is available onsite..
you are truly blessed my friend
blessed.....and beautiful! I love you friend!
That is beautiful Char. It could have been written by my daughter in law, Kimberli. She felt the same way when she found out she was having another boy. Being one of 3 girls in her family, and her sister having 2 girls, she thought she needed and wanted a girl. I remember her crying when she had her ultrasound and found out it was a 3rd boy. But, God knew a girl would have not fit into their family as well and well.....we have Maverick. Where would we be without him? God does know what is best for our family. I thought I missed out by not having any girls..then I got two (already grown and raised) and beautiful and love the Lord. We are all so blessed. Remember, you will eventually have 3 sons - start praying for them now. They will be an awesome gift to you later in life. And, they will love your girls as much as you do.Bubbles O’Seven Logo
Working on an amazing new project with the creative minds behind the fantastic Apes ‘n’ Capes series. I’ve just finished work on the series logo, check it out below.
The first is due for release in the not too distant future so keep your eye balls peeled for it (as well as other wonderful offerings from the folks at Bounce Comics).The all-new Peaceville website is now live with a vastly expanded abyss of info, video clips, music tracks, limited releases & more on all of the top Peaceville acts.
The Peaceville Xmas sale has also just started, with a whole load of titles on CD & vinyl from just £2.99. To check out the lovely goodies on offer follow this link.
Plus, to celebrate this website launch, head over to, to sign up & get a free 17-track download featuring the best of Peaceville past & present which, when one considers the remarkable bands that have contributed to the label’s enviable history, proves to be quite a list: check out the tracklist below and follow the link here to grab your copy.
Sampler tracklist:
Darkthrone – Lifeless
Autopsy – Horrific Obsession
My Dying Bride – The Thrash of Naked Limbs
Cradle of Filth – Lilith Immaculate (extended edition)
Barren Earth – Our Twilight (single version)
Aura Noir – Conqueror
Katatonia – The Longest Year
Opeth – Face of Melinda (Live)
Thorns – Existence
Behemoth – As Above so Below
Gallhammer – Rubbish CG202
Gehenna – Werewolf
Dodheimsgard – Ion Storm
Unholy – Lady Babylon
Paradise Lost – Eternal
Pentagram – Sign of the Wolf
At the Gates – The SwarmWhat Does Furnace Service Mean?
Richard very first closes the oil valve, then removes the old filter and replaces it, placing aside the filthy filter to be disposed of Based on area hazardous-waste restrictions.
When searching for superior-effectiveness furnaces and boilers, seek out the Strength STAR® label. If you live in a chilly climate, it always is smart to take a position in the highest-effectiveness procedure.
Your house's heating process assures which you can continue to be easily warm In spite of bitter Chicagoland winters. Possessing standard gasoline and oil furnace service done makes certain that you'll love reliable heat all through the tumble and winter. If you have been encountering ongoing problems with the heating system, it might be time to take into consideration in depth repairs or to interchange your previous furnace with a newer, productive design.
Verify the Actual physical integrity of the warmth exchanger. Leaky boiler heat exchangers leak water and are straightforward to location. Furnace heat exchangers combine combustion gases with household air if they leak—an essential safety reason to have them inspected.
Both the repairman along with the scheduler ended up Qualified and really nice to cope with. Charges ended up fairly fair.
eight million miles over its anticipated lifespan of fifteen many years. Your heating process will More Help work hard for you personally, but like your automobile, executing schedule and normal servicing will preserve it managing effortlessly, stay away from complications, and keep your guarantee intact.
Conserve energy that has a substantial-efficiency model. Help you save with efficiencies as higher as 96% AFUE for decrease utility bills.
A cushty House: a furnace that's working appropriately means that you’re able to take full advantage of all its good attributes. That features sustaining the temperature in your home to ensure it continues being just as relaxed as you want it to.
From start off to finish, our group will response your issues and resolve the problems. Performing frequent upkeep, including filter substitution and duct inspection, may improve the lifespan of one's method.
Large-effectiveness sealed-combustion units commonly make an acidic exhaust fuel that isn't appropriate for aged, unlined chimneys, so the exhaust fuel should really both be vented via a new duct or perhaps the chimney needs to be lined to accommodate you could try these out the acidic fuel (see the portion on sustaining appropriate ventilation below).
But economical Procedure is usually a purpose of excellent common servicing. Whatever variety of furnace you've, there are lots of things you can perform to keep your heating procedure in top rated ailment.
Beneath Site utilization of spot services, click Prompt for each Site the moment day after day or Prompt for each Web page one particular time only.
Breakdowns linked to your HVAC programs can be frustrating. Why not simply call another person for getting it correct The very first time? Our experienced specialists hold the working experience to fix your Puget Sound furnace, warmth pump or even a/C problems.
Uncheck investigate this site the box labeled By no means make it possible for websites to request your Actual physical location if It is presently checked.If things are quiet around here its because I'm in Kuala Lumpur for the GK3 conference, hunting new participants for the Stockholm Challenge, handing out some awards at the gala dinner and looking out the window of the hotel at the Petronas Towers.
That alone is enough to put me well into the ranks of those with privileged lives on this planet.
But yesterday I ran into Mike Gurstein in the foyer and he invited me into an impromptu session on ICT, Media and indigenous peoples that followed on from a conference they had just finished in Bario in Sarawak. I've said for years that poor people aren't stupid, just poor; and the people doing things in Bario (which is OFF OFF-Grid and just held an international conference, organised and co-ordinated over the net from their local telecentre) are damned smart. Smart and energetic beyond belief for a soggy middle-aged westerner.
But even they paled a little beside a woman called Kyle who hopped up from the audience and talked about her project among forest tribes in the Philippines where illiterate communities are using GPS and GIS tools to map their land and contest it with logging companies. That alone will make a great entry in the Challenge.
But the killer is that the conceptual framework that the forest tribes use is so sophisticated and multidimensional, that the technology can't keep up. Yesss!!!
And then I just had breakfast with the great Michel Menou and got to have a conversation with him when I should just have shut up and listened.
On my tombstone they should write, "He had a privileged life, and he knew it". The big question will be whether I managed to do anything useful with that privilege
Recent Comments'The Monster Squad' Is Thirty or Wolfman's Got Mindhole Blowers!
By Jodi Smith | Mindhole Blowers | September 20, 2017 | Comments ()
By Jodi Smith | Mindhole Blowers | September 20, 2017 |
The Monster Squad was released August 14, 1987. The film featured kids running around unsupervised, fighting monsters, saying curse words, and learning what a virgin was. It was peak 80s family fun. I remember watching it quite a few times and then playing Monster Squad with my cousins. We were pretty effing, rad. Duh.
1. Shane Black (Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang) co-wrote the script with director Fred Dekker. The original script opening had zeppelins, machine guns, and pure insanity that would have cost more than the entire film’s budget.
2. The only lines Black and Dekker wrote together was a line delivered by Horace (Brent Chalem) talking about rocks and birds.
3. The legendary Stan Winston created the monsters for the film. Since Universal owns the classic movie monsters but passed on the film, Winston had to make subtle changes to avoid copyright infringement. This is why Frankenstein’s Monster has bolts in his temples, Dracula is missing his widow’s peak, and the Wolfman is wolfier, has pointier ears, and balls.
4. Ashley Bank turned down a role in Fatal Attraction to play little sister Phoebe. Duncan Regehr, Dracula, didn’t want to frighten the five-year-old, so he didn’t wear his spooky contacts and teeth on set with her. In the scene where Dracula lifts up Phoebe and she screams, the young actress was actually terrified to see Regehr in full monster mode, as he had put in the contacts and fangs.
5. Liam Neeson was up for the role of Dracula, but clearly lost out to Regehr. Another small role was supposedly planned for Neeson but never filmed.
6. Jon Fries played The Wolfman. You may also know him as Uncle Rico in Napolean Dynamite.
7. Tom Woodruff Jr. was working on the film on the Wolfman animatronics. When the film had not yet filled the role of Gillman, Woodruff offered his services. At the end of the flick, the townspeople are really beating the crap out of Gillman. The props were soft on the outside, but hard inside and the beating was really wearing on Woodruff, physically and mentally.
“They were wailing on him,” Rose recalled. “They’d stop and Tom would just say through the Gill mask ‘Hey guys, do you mind just taking it easy a little bit?” Alas, these pleas fell on deaf ears. After a few tiring takes, Rose remembers that, “One of the bigger guys was in the wrong place at the wrong time.” Since Woodruff’s vision was limited by the suit, he didn’t see the stunt man and accidentally slugged him right in the face.
“[He] fell like a sack of potatoes, straight on his a**,” said Rose. For a few unsettling moments, the stunt man just laid there with a glazed look in his eyes. Evidently, there was a pair of badly-placed rivets on the inside of his helmet. The blow drove these into his forehead and, once the hat was removed, two streams of blood spurted forth. Thankfully, he wasn’t seriously hurt.
8. Scary German Guy’s backstory was apparently thought of as controversial back in 1987. Dekker said that showing the Holocaust tattoo on SGG’s arm was a way to show realism in the midst of such a crazy fantasy story.
9. Clearly even Dekker wasn’t sure what he was going for, other than kids and classic monsters.
“I’m enjoying now Dracula’s MO, which I’m unclear about. He’s got a car. He’s planned to have this crate shipped. It’s clearly a nefarious plan. I just have no idea what it really is.” -Fred Dekker
10. The movie was only in theaters for two weeks and only made $3.7 million. It was not released on DVD until its twentieth anniversary, which is when I bought it.
Sources: Mental Floss, Geek Tyrant, Film School Rejects, IMDB.
Get entertainment, celebrity and politics updates via Facebook or Twitter. Buy Pajiba merch at the Pajiba Store.
← 5 Shows After Dark: Channel Zero No End House Premiere | 'Gerald's Game': Netflix Has Its Own Stephen King Movie, And It Arrives Next Week →Description
If I eat flour I prefer to eat rye, I find it much easier on the stomach. Though it’s unsuitable for those who prefer a gluten-free diet, it is still rather low in gluten, and higher in fibre than other wheat flours. I like the brand Finn Crisp the best, though there are a number of good quality rye crackers available in supermarkets, and some delicious sprouted rye bread brands, like Ever Fresh Natural Foods. Sprouted breads are easier on the digestion, and a preferable option if you struggle to digest wheat flour like me. Rye (and spelt, kamut and amaranth for that matter) are rather difficult to find in Asia, rye especially is more commonly available in Northern and Eastern Europe. I bring the grains with me when I make a trip back to the Europe, and sometimes a small bag of rye flour.
This recipe is easy is not so much a healthy treat, but rather a delicious and simple snack for dinner guests or too enjoy with a nice glass of organic red wine. It is fresh and simple, and suitable for Metabolic Balancer’s on phase 3 or 4 of the programme.
Ingredients
Rye flour, 100g
Gouda cheese, finely grated, 100g
Dried chipotle chillies, 3-4
Green olives, 5-6
Extra-virgin olive oil, 20 ml
Sea salt, a pinch
Ground white (or black) pepper, to taste
Preparation Time
10 minutes + 10-5 minutes in the oven + 30 minutes to cool down and set
Preparation
1. Pre-heat the oven to around 15o degrees celsius.
2. Shift the flour in a bowl and add the grated gouda cheese.
3. Finely chop the dried chipotle peppers and green olives, and add them to the bowl.
4. Season and pour the olive oil over the mixture.
5. Using your hands knead the mixture until you have a smooth ball (if you have difficulty add a little more olive oil to smooth out the mixture).
6. Make small uniform balls, about an inch wide, a lay them on the baking tray with at least an inch radius around each on (spaced out very well).
7. Press these balls down to make semi-thin crackers (pictured), around 1 cm in thickness.
8. Garnish with a few almond flakes (optional) and cook in the oven for at least 10 minutes.
9. When cooked, they should be golden brown. On taking the crackers out of the oven, leave to cool and set on a baking rack for at least 30 minutes before serving.
Alternative Options
Use the delicious Sicilian ricotta salata (salted ricotta). I miss it a lot, eating it on everything when I lived in Sicily. It’s the Sicilian version of parmesan cheese, a hard white and salty cheese that is finely grated added to pasta and pizza dishes. There is no other cheese like it, but it’s difficult to source outside of Italy (even in mainland Italy). It works well here too, or use another salty hard cheese instead.Since you currently have a Pokémon in your Pokedex doesn't suggest it's not worth catching, simply. It could view it curve back to strike your target. Throwing a curve likewise offers you a reward on XP. Connecting a lure to a Pokémon GO PokéStop in Arbuckle Victoria 3858 is a fantastic method to capture a lots of in a short amount of time. You can select them up in the store. They last 30 minutes each and will also assist other players near the PokeStop. They appear for everybody and can be captured by every individual in your location when Pokémon appear. As such, searching in pairs (or even groups) is encouraged: Not only is it fun to banter with good friends while wandering your area for Pokémon, however you can likewise cover more ground as you attempt to determine just where that three-footstep Kadabra might be concealing.
You've heard of Pokémon Go by now. There's not one particular group of people playing the game, either. News reports of car crashes, muggings, stabbings, and even the unintentional discovery of a dead body have been linked to playing Pokémon Go, and it's simple to be worried about your kids roaming out at all hours to play this game.
It doesn't matter which group you choose, however if you have friends playing the game, you'll probably desire to get on the exact same team so you can take control of gyms together. You can claim an empty gym by appointing among your Pokémon to defend it. To do this, tap the gym on your map and tap the designate button in the lower left corner.
Once you've chosen your team, tap Goto gets in the battle. You'll want to begin off with standard attacks, which you can perform by tapping your opponent. As soon as you've carried out sufficient standard attacks to power up your unique attack (you can check this by looking at the blue bars below your name), tap and hold to perform your unique attack.
Going by present app shop charts, many of you are most likely playing Pokemon GO today, presuming it hasn't entirely drained your phone battery. It appears everybody is really excited about catching them all, however for some fans, there's one Pokemon they desire more than any other-- Pikachu, the cherished franchise mascot, and star of the TV series.
Gym power is identified by prestige-- the higher a gym's prestige level, the more difficult it is for an opposing group to conquer it. Each time the gym's defenders win a battle versus an opposing team, the gym's eminence level gets higher. And whenever the gym's defenders lose a battle against an opposing group, the gym's eminence level decreases. If the gym's status level is lowered to 0 (by lost multiple fights), the gym opens up and can be claimed by any team.
You can declare it by battling its existing protectors if a gym is currently inhabited by an opposing team. You can take 6 Pokémon with you into battle. Each time you win a battle, the gym's eminence will lower-- when the gym's status is at 0, the gym will open up, and you can appoint a Pokémon to safeguard it.
You may encounter a recognized bug where an enemy Pokémon has 1HP however declines to die. If your Pokémon gets hurt, you can restore their HP with Potions and Super Potions, which you can choose up from PokéStops. If your Pokémon faints, you will need to revive them with a Revive, which can also be found at PokéStops.
When you drop a Pokémon at a safeguarding gym, you will lose the capability to level it up or develop it till it's beat and comes back to you. You will not get a notice if your Pokémon is or passes out hurt in battle and the gym is taken over by another group, but it will show up on your lineup to be healed.
When you initially start playing, you'll notice the standard beginning Pokemon (Charmander, Bulbasaur, and Squirtle) located somewhere nearby. According to IGN, all you need to do is disregard them-- choose not to capture them for a minimum of 4 times, if not more, and ultimately Pikachu will roam onto the map. When he does, rush in to capture him, and you'll have an Electric-type Pokemon of your extremely own.
If friendly group members train their Pokémon at the gym (more on training below), gym prestige can be increased. As the gym's prestige increases, more defense slots will open, enabling more friendly employee to appoint their Pokémon to defend the gym. (You can just designate one Pokémon to a gym.) Higher-level gyms have more slots-- a Level 6 gym can have 6 protecting Pokémon, while a Level 10 gym can have 10 protecting Pokémon. With each gym level boost, the maximum eminence level likewise increases. A Level 1 gym has an optimum eminence level of 2,000, however a Level 3 gym has an optimum prestige level of 8,000.
You can "train" your Pokémon at a friendly gym (a gym owned by your team) by fighting versus the Pokémon protecting it. To do this, stroll up to the gym, tap it, and tap the train icon in the lower best corner. When you train, you can only take one Pokémon into battle. Every time you win a battle versus a friendly gym, that gym's status raises. If you lose a battle at a friendly gym, its prestige is not affected.
To battle a hostile gym, stroll up to the gym, tap it, and tap the battle button in the lower ideal corner. You will see six of your Pokémon pop up-- you can switch Pokémon out by tapping them. You might not always wish to take your greatest Pokémon into battle-- some Pokémon types have benefits versus others. Here's a chart that reveals you which Pokémon types are weak/strong against other types.
Each time you win a battle, the gym's eminence will reduce-- when the gym's eminence is at 0, the gym will open up, and you can appoint a Pokémon to defend it.
Gym prestige can be increased if friendly team members train their Pokémon at the gym (more on training below). As the gym's prestige boosts, more defense slots will open up, permitting more friendly group members to designate their Pokémon to defend the gym. Higher-level gyms have more slots-- a Level 6 gym can have 6 defending Pokémon, while a Level 10 gym can have 10 safeguarding Pokémon. You can "train" your Pokémon at a friendly gym (a gym owned by your team) by battling versus the Pokémon safeguarding it.
You don't get access to Razz Berries up until Level 8 in Pokémon Go, but once you do, make sure to keep plenty in stock for the rare Pokémon. While you can find Pokémon just about anywhere, if you desire to find lots of Pokémon, you desire to go to an inhabited location. Various terrain will help you discover different types of Pokémon, while parks with several Pokémon GO PokéStop in Arbuckle VIC ensure that you will not run out of Poké Balls while hunting.PRESS RELEASE
New Linksys Range Extenders Help Eliminate Dead Zones and Boost Wi-Fi Signals throughout the Home
Rushden, UK – Bart Bomers, senior director, product and channel management, International Markets,ises provider**
- Push Button Connect feature simply syncs range extender to a home router
- Easy setup from mobile devices with exclusive Spot Finder Technology for optimal placement
- Cross-Band Technology maximises.
Pricing and Availability
The RE6300 and RE6400 will be available to buy from late November with an MSRP of £49.99 and £59.Ocean Prime Chicago
Sunday, September 17th, 2017
As soon as you decide to remodel your old property, then you will need some great references for the reason that illustrations or photos involving Unique Baby Nursery Ideas pic stock. The following magnificent Unique Baby Nursery Ideas pic stock will give you high quality illustrations or photos that demonstrate magnificent house variations. Unique Baby Nursery Ideas image collection will make everyone who outings your personal property come to feel rather comfy. For those who have preferred a good concept of Unique Baby Nursery Ideas image gallery, then an house might be a choice to express your personal ingenuity. You can submit an application several elements that one could find out inside Unique Baby Nursery Ideas photo collection to be able to decorate your household. Even if effortless, the designs that will demonstrate to Unique Baby Nursery Ideas photo collection will drastically modify your home. Prefer a trivial switch, you may fill out an application a lot of essentials solely. Nonetheless should you prefer a full switch, you can actually content an idea coming from Unique Baby Nursery Ideas pic gallery definitely. Your decorating recommendations from Unique Baby Nursery Ideas photo gallery will probably be your prime choice given it provides magnificent layouts. not necessary so that you can keep worrying about products you can every single style and design with Unique Baby Nursery Ideas graphic collection since the device merely offers the preferred enhancing recommendations. If you want a tranquilizing atmosphere, subsequently this particular Unique Baby Nursery Ideas photo collection will assist you to have it on your property. And additionally by way of a thought coming from Unique Baby Nursery Ideas graphic stock, your personal property will soon become switched towards a cozy sanctuary. You can find a lavish scene truly feel in the event you could apply your creative ideas from Unique Baby Nursery Ideas photo stock effectively. The following Unique Baby Nursery Ideas pic gallery is also your own tool to generate a residence that is very comfy to your guests. Just examine this approach Unique Baby Nursery Ideas picture stock more complete in addition to collect a lot of breathtaking ideas.
Sunday, September 17th, 2017
Saturday, October 7th, 2017
Friday, September 29th, 2017
Monday, October 2nd, 2017
Friday, September 15th, 2017
Saturday, September 30th, 2017
Thursday, September 28th, 2017
Tuesday, September 26th, 2017
Friday, September 22nd, 2017
Thursday, October 5th, 2017
Friday, September 29th, 2017
Saturday, September 16th, 2017Fathers Day Gifts Reflect Your Inner Feelings
Why father’s day, many would say. They would ask instead to be close to your father on an emotional level all year long rather than to celebrate his fatherhood on one day in a year. But then, why not make merry one day and shower your father with gifts which is one way of showing your love and affection to your father. Father’s day is observed all over the world on the third Sunday of June every year to give your father gifts and appreciate him for all that he has done for you. Father’s day is not what it is made out to be. Indeed you should give your dad gifts and shower all your love on him, but remember; gifts alone cannot make up for the emotional vacuum he feels. You have grown up and busy with your family while he feels neglected. In this fast age and stressful lifestyles, perhaps fathers don’t get enough recognition for all that they have done for their family and kids.
Use your own imagination in choosing the gift for your dad. There are many Fathers Day 2017 Gift Ideas available in the market, but only you know what will bring smile on his face and make his day. You are the one who he took to picnics and sporting events and even held you on his strong shoulders when you were fearful in a crowd. He cracked jokes when you were sad and dull, and he was there when you required his help in studies or to attend your parent teacher meetings. Can you now, even think of leaving him in the lurch when he needs you the most at this ripe age?
Fathers day gifts are the best way to tell your dad that you still love and respect him, and that you need him and care for him. There are so many to choose from, and you need to select wisely to make your dad happy. If you really want to see a smile on your dad’s face, spend some quality time together. He is craving to be close to you and more important than the gift you give him is the company that you give him. Father’s day is an occasion when all of you can get together and celebrate the occasion by either going for an outing or celebrating inside the home with things he likes. If it is movies that interest him, buy a set of DVD’s of the latest films and watch the films along with him. This will certainly make him happy. Among the many fathers day gifts that are there in the market, buying tickets for a hot air balloon ride or skydiving would mean a lot to him if he has been a lover of action and adventure sports.
If you father has been a fishing fan, buy him a complete fishing set and make sure that you go along with him for fishing on this father’s day. This act of yours will tell him that you still care for him.Te Rongo Aaniwaniwa/A Dissonant Harmony
WhenTuesday 16 January 2018 10:00 AM - Sunday 18 February 2018 5:00 PM
WhereWaikato Museum
1 Grantham Street
Central Hamilton Show in Google Maps
Contact Details
Cost and BookingFree
Website.Jeannette
This is Jeannette and we did these pictures for her professional portfolio. Jeanette is the founder of Sensitive Solutions.. Please check out their website. The many different services they provide during times of grief is wonderful. I look forward to helping Jeannette out again if she calls on me.
~ Micki Back To Photo Shoots
Back To Photo Shoots
15 / 16We recieved very special package yesterday! It arrived from the US and contained Kates Cure Bracelets! This pic is of Kate - isnt she gorgeous! She has the most amazing Mom, Karen who has produced these bracelets in order to raise funds and awareness for Neuroblastoma - she is also arranging a gargage sale next weekend in the US to raise even more funds for research ! I salute you Karen and Kate - you are an inspiration and you have inspired me to do whatever i can to help and raise awareness ! Thank you so much for taking the time and effort to send the bracelets to us - we wear them with pride and for Kate! We are proud to be part of THE CREW! For those of you who havent already gone to visit, please take the time to visit Kates Cure Crew Website I look so forward to Deqlan and Kate meeting one day!
We also recieved Neuroblastoma bracelets from the Childrens Neuroblastoma Cancer Foundation , also based in the US and I wanted to list some facts from the brochure we recieved
Neuroblastoma is a solid tumor cancer that originates in the nerve tissue of the neck, chest, abdomen or pelvis, but most commonly in the adrenal gland. The term neuro means 'nerves' and 'blastoma' refers to a cancer that affects immature or developing cells.
It is the third most common cancer in children. It accounts for about 8% of all childhood cancer but 15% of the childhood cancer deaths.
Neuroblastoma is the most common cancer of infancy with an incidence rate almost double that of leukemia.
The average age at diagnosis is 2 years old. Approximately 70% of all children with neuroblastoma have metastatic ( spread to other parts of the body) disease at time of diagnosis.
It has one of the lowest survival rates of all paediatric cancers. Children with high risk disease have a survival rate of less then 30%.
There is no known cause or cure.
Shocking figures - we have to do something about this and cause more awareness and research to take place - there is unfortunately no research planned or happening in South Africa for Neuroblastoma but I would like to see what we can do to contribute towards research in the US and would love to plan some fundraising projects and ideas to see if we can help - I shall forward details after we have had a chance to put our thinking caps on! We have to fight for these children, we have to make a difference.
We are assisting CHOC ( Chilhood Cancer Foundation South Africa) with a Birthday party they are hosting for children at Kalefong Hospital - they host a party twice a year for these children with cancer that have Birthdays and are not fortunate enough to celebrate or recieve gifts . We have decided to start a programme called DEQLANS BUBBLES OF HOPE AND BALLOONS OF BRAVERY which we are going to give to these children and others that are stuck in hospital rooms for often lond periods of time - just small things to take their minds off their illness for a while and to bring a smile to their faces would be a great gift for us to witness - if any of you have any ideas or would like to contribute in any way let us know !
We have many other plans to assist CHOC with and our Christmas project this year will be to help them in anyway we can - we plan to assist in putting food parcels together - but we will keep you up to date and call on you to help us if you would like, closer towards the time
Deqlan has been well otherwise - he has eaten really well yesterday and today which i am very very happy about ! Got to get some nutritious food into our tough soldier! He loves his biscuits and he tries to get a sip from Nanna's diet coke glass whenever he can - we think he loves the bubbles in the cooldrink!
His eye is looking great to - it still waters a lot but we think its because of all the movement and moulding of the bones and Dr De Jager did say it could take a few months to get back to 100% - we are patient - I see the miracle happening before our eyes !
He is a little more pale then normal but seems to have more colour in his cheeks today
He is talking a lot - wish I could understand what he is saying ! We love listening to him and the new words coming out of his mouth , but the only word we can definitely make out is Mama!
You all know how he loves the washing machine - he sat on the kitchen floor last night watching it go round and round speaking to the machine at the top of his voice - mark and i laughed so hard and I was fortunate enough to get some of it on tape - a priceless moment!
He also take great delight in chasing the dogs around the house - during the day Deqlan and Otto have a ball spuring each other on, Deqlan laughs from the bottom of his belly at this game ! At home its Shelby and Stuffys turn and he is besotted by his Doggies and wants to jump out of my arms the minute we get home! He loves listening to them bark and laughs and chuckles with absolute delight! A new development is chasing our cat - they where never really interested in each other before , but they had a good time together last night - its quite difficult though to explain ' softly' to my gorgeous boy but we know in time he will learn and they will continue to be best friends! We have to wash hands and limit contact with the doggies hair as this could also compromise Deqlans immune system so we keep a careful eye on them - Deqlan is just like Logan - Logan LOVED our Dogs and Blue from the start and here favourite game was playing with the dog food - picking it up out the bowl and feeding to the dogs - Deqlan definitely going to take after her this way!
We are going to see Logan this weekend - Hooray - well at least Mark is going to fetch her and she is going to spend the night with Meggy and Conrad - where she will be spoilt rotten as always, we will battle to get her home again ha ha ha ! I am also hoping to pop in to see her to at least give her the hug i have been so wanting to give her and to see how she has grown - will show her pics of Deqlan and will take pics of her to show Deqlan
Another favourite at the moment are his tv shows in the morning - Big Cook Little Cook and Telly Tubbies ! Big Cook Little Cook reminds me so much of Mark and Deqlan - Mark loves holding Deqlan in the kitchen showing him what to cook and how to cook ' now we put some salt in this and then we mix it all together ' I LOVE IT !
Please continue to pray for our soldier that his blood is great for us to go ahead with our planned 6th round 20 - 22 August.Please pray that the main tumor continues to die and shrink and pull away from the blood vessels. Please continue to pray that his immune system stays as strong as possible and that he stays healthy and well. Please pray for all our friends that are battling neuroblastoma as well as other childhood cancers.
Thank you my dear friends and family - I cant not wait for you all to meet our Deqlan - I continue to tell him about you all every day - he knows how very special you all are and how Blessed we are to have you as part of our army
All our Love and God richest Blessings
Mark, Samm & Deqlan
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
3 comments:
thank you for posting more facts and information about NB for others to read...I feel that if we let people "in" our lives and really know the facts something will change. Without the honesty of the good, the bad, and the ugly - things will never change.
WAY TO GO!!!!!!!!!
Dear Bev Sam Mark and Deglan contimue to pray for you all I feel this scripture is for you guys"For I know the plans I have for you"declares the Lord plans to prosper you and not to harm you plans to give you a hope and a future. Jeremiah 29;11
Contining to pray for you all lots of love Ruthxxx
Hi Mark, Samm and beautiful Deqlan.
Have just got back from a week in London and am catching up on Deqlan's news. You guys are the most amazing family. Your stories of Deqlan at home in his normal routine really make me smile. I can just picture Mark teaching Deqlan how to cook! How sweet!!!! I would give anything to see you all now and give you a massive hug!!!!! We will be thinking of you on the 20th when the next round of chemo starts, and of course, will be in touch for your anniversary!
Love you guys loads and loads
Sam xxxxWelcome to Sea Fishing Sun Beach. Just use the left button mouse to catch of the fish. Collect as many fishes as you can. The more you catch, the more score you got. You can select the position for fishing by simply clicking the mouse on the navigation arrow. Sea fishing is fishing lures simulator is the best way to relax, beautiful landscape, relaxing sound will compliment you a great deal of positive impressions and raise your spirits.
Relaxing sea fishing simulator with incredible water effects.
Instructions:
Select a place for fishing (clicking the mouse on the navigation arrow).
Specify the place to throw bait. Click anywhere on the screen to draw the lines. Look for the tension lines.Nottingham Forest's new, free to play gaming companion app
Get closer to the action at your club and pit your footballing wits against friends and fellow fans around the world by playing FanScore – Nottingham Forest’s new, free to play gaming companion app.
FanScore consists of easy to play predictors, polls, quizzes and mobile games, enabling you the fan to show off your footballing brain and have your say on the matchday action, earning points and bragging rights for your prowess. Points earned for participation are displayed in a leader board – who will be your club’s ultimate fan?
FanScore is available to download now for the 16/17 season and will consist initially of the “Core Four” predictors – “Golden Goal”, “First Goalscorer”, “Score at Half Time” and “Final Score” as well as giving fans the opportunity to vote for “Man of the Match”.
See more information and download apk file for your android phone:
AdvertisementsNEW YORK (MarketWatch) — U.S. stocks finished a low-volume session with minor declines Monday as investors moved cautiously ahead of central-bank meetings and the monthly jobs report later in the week. The Fed begins a two-day meeting on Tuesday while ECB will meet on Thursday.
Most Asian markets advanced Monday after European leaders signaled they were prepared to take stronger action to curb the region's debt crisis, while Mainland Chinese stocks declined amid lingering worries of an economic slowdown.
Malaysian shares closed higher yesterday at 1632.5. Further gains could be limited as the index is in overbought territory. A local dealer tips the market to stay within 1620-1635 range.
Malaysian crude palm oil edged to a one-week high on Monday, tracking gains in broader financial markets on expectations the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank (ECB) will announce new measures to encourage growth, boosting commodity demand.
U.S. soybeans rallied nearly 3 percent on Monday on fears that the crippling U.S. drought would further shrink the crop in the world's top grains exporter. Brent oil ended down for the first time in five sessions on Monday as worries that expected stimulus from the United States and Europe may fail to lift their economies overshadowed signs of lower OPEC production. (Reuters)
Malaysian FCPO prices rose to the highest level in a week on Monday after the government said it would increase the 2012 duty-free
Persistent drought in the U.S. Midwest that threatened soy crop yields also supported prices, with traders expecting a crop downgrade in the weekly progress report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), due later on Monday. Tighter soy crop supply leading to less soybean oil could shift vegetable oil demand to the cheaper palm oil..
Exports of Malaysian palm oil have declined since early July, reflecting weaker demand, as major vegetable oil buyers completed purchases needed before the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan. Concerns about slowing exports and rising stockpiles at a time when CPO output in Southeast Asia typically rises led to last week's dip. Palm oil slipped to MYR2,880/ton on Thursday, the lowest level seen since June 18. Investors are also keeping a close watch on a U.S. Department of Agriculture weekly crop progress report at 2000 GMT and July export estimates from cargo surveyors Intertek Agri Services and SGS (Malaysia) Bhd., due Tuesday.
The benchmark October palm oil futures on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives Exchange closed higher yesterday at 3,005 ringgit per tonne. Informed traders most likely abandoned their short position when the benchmark October gapped up above 2,955 level as the immediate resistance trend line has been breached. However, today FCPO October dropped below the Support level of 2,973 although it has since recovered to 2,970.
Technicals turned bullish as palm oil broke a resistance at 2,987 ringgit and could trigger a gain to 3,021 ringgit, Reuters market analyst Wang Tao said.GraphicRiver SEO Infographic Elements Set 08 3823356
Category: Stock Vector | Comment: ( 0 )
GraphicRiver SEO Infographic Elements Set 08 3823356
Stock Vector \ Miscellaneous
Infographic \ Icons \ Optimization \ Infogaphics \ Infographics \ Vector
Stock Vector - SEO Infographic Elements Set 08 3823356 by serkorkin @ GraphicRiver
Stock Vector \ Miscellaneous
Graphics Files Included: JPG Image, Vector EPS, AI Illustrator; Layered: No; Minimum Adobe CS Version: CS..
SEO Infographic Elements - Set 08; 104 Vector Icons; Mister Fox Logo; Navigator Logo; Jewelry Boutique Logo; PhotoStudio Logo; AeroSpace Logo.
Keywords: analytics, business, business infographic, cdr, chart, content management, conversion optimization, corel draw infographic, creative infogaphics, data visualization, diagram, elements, icons, infographic, infographics, marketing, optimization, presentation, search engine optimization, seo, seo icons, seo infographic, seo infographics, set of infogaphics, symbol, vector icons, vector infographic, visualization, web icons.MQM install fails because it requires IIS in C:jeanmiec Aug 26, 2015 8:39 AM
Hello,!)
3. Re: MQM install fails because it requires IIS in C:jeanmiec Aug 31, 2015 6:55 AM (in response to jeanmiec)!) ...The Duster™ Deck Cover protects your back seat from sun, rain and dust to prevent fading and deterioration. It also improves your gas mileage and keeps valuables out of sight.
Duster™ with hardtop replacement kit for Wrangler Unlimited, 07-16
(For soft top hardware removed - factory tailgate bar required for installation)
Part Number 90031
Installation Guide (PDF, 510KB)
Browse Popular Truck Accessories CategoriesBrowse 158 photos of simple dining table their clean and modern style leasia had a custom room from design furnishings designed in look.
Rv 2678 simple dining table 82 or 94 in sheesham hardwood with natural finish dimensions x 40 30h colors. My modern plywood table for own dining table i decided to experiment with a different length and width wanted long that was still intimate so went . Shop for simple dining table on etsy square rectangle round tablecloth linen modern wedding tablecloth uncletailor. With the help of better homes gardens line for walmart these simple modern christmas dining table ideas are so easy to put together. Collection of modern dining tables in toronto with different designs and material marble table glass table wood we have condo .
Modern simple dining table 51 likes community see more of on facebook. Find kitchen dining tables at wayfair contemporary styling meets casual with this simple yet modern counter height table. Amazoncom simple dining table living 4 piece galena modern farmhouse counter height set by products 19809 198 09. Visit us for stylish dining tables including two seaters and large family sized tables our come in different sizes shapes to siut any room. Find and save ideas about modern dining table on pinterest see more chairs dinning contemporary.
West elms modern dining room tables come in chic finishes find a wide range of styles and designs simple sophisticated. Shop modern furniture canada for all in canada kitchen dining tables rather than a simple piece of. Online shopping a variety of best simple modern dining tables at dhgatecom enjoy fast delivery quality and cheap price. Enjoy the best modern dining table selection in web living different with home design hd. Simple living dining room kitchen tables choose the table design that defines your familys style and character.
Find and save ideas about modern dining chairs on pinterest see more table table chair. Simple modern dining table roduct descriptions or room for small spaces are provided in the paragraph below this is amongst best .-
- per page
-
The Kinlin XR-300 is a lightweight aerodynamic aluminum rim that can be built up as an everyday trainer or race day wheelset. The 30mm depth provides strength, durability and high performance.
Specs: Available hole count 18, 20, 24, 28, 32. Weight 465 RR 585 is DT Swiss' 30mm-deep semi-aero rim. If you're searching for one of the strongest rims on the market, this is an excellent choice.
Specs: Available hole count 20, 24, 28, 32. Weight 580 Chukker is Velocity's deeper and wider version of the Deep V. The Chukker has additional strength, versatility and durability for applications that deliver maximum punishment.
Specs: Available hole count 32, 36. Weight 664.
-
- per page
-Madison Gessler, Kory Kasten to marry Dec. 16
The parents of Madison Gessler and Kory Kasten, both of Poland, are announcing the couple’s wedding plans. An open wedding is set for 2:30 p.m. Dec. 16 at St. Paul the Apostle Church, New Middletown. Invitations have been issued for an evening reception at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Banquet Center, Youngstown.
The parents of the bride-elect are David and Monica Gessler of Poland, and the parents of the future groom are Kirk and Emily Kasten of Berlin Center.
Miss Gessler graduated from Youngstown State University with a bachelor’s degree in English education. She teaches language arts at Poland Seminary High School.
Her fiance graduated from Ohio Northern University with a doctor of pharmacy degree. He is a pharmacist at Medi RX in Poland.
More like this from vindy.com
December 8, 2017 midnight
- Madison Gessler, Kory Kasten to marry Dec. 16August 12, 2017 midnight
- Nicole Pavlichich, Patrick Gessler to wed Sept. 23December 16, 2017 midnight
- Nicole Pavlichich | Patrick GesslerApril 29, 2017 8:53 a.m.
- Jennifer Ciccone, Daniel Superak plan weddingDecember 9, 2017 midnight
- Miss Mangino, Mr. McQuown to marry Dec. 30
Don't Miss a Story
Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox.Family - Haloragidaceae
Stems - No info yet.
Leaves - No info yet.
Leaves of the flowering stems.
Inflorescence - No info yet.
Flowers - No info yet.
Flowers close-up.
Flowering - May - September.
Habitat - Spring branches, spring fed ponds, sloughs, ox-bows, ditches, streams.
Origin - Native to U.S.
Other info. - This common and attractive species is found mainly in the southern 1/2 of Missouri but a disjunct population has been found in a pond in Grundy County which is fairly far north in the state.
The plant can be identified easily by its habitat (it is most frequent in cold, clear waters), its whorled vegetative leaves, and the small fimbriate leaves of its flowering stems. The species epithet heterophyllum means "different leaves."
Photographs taken near Pultite Spring, Shannon County, MO., 7-11-04.Avast Mobile Security & Antivirus varies-with-device
- License
- Free Download
- Language
- Platform
- android
A free antivirus that will protect your phone from malware and theft … Avast Mobile Security & Antivirus protects your Android and iOS phone from the … the dangers of the network with its Mobile Security & Antivirus system. It integrates …
- PROS: Rich in features, Effective antivirus, Low consumption of resources, Looks good, Great filtering options for calls and SMS
- CONS: Root access needed for the firewall, Complex setup for anti-theftSale V-tada Plus St. Paul
Paul St. Sale v-tada plus and Closed Culture
Kellmann, M.JuМrgens, M.Schrader, M. (2005). Top-down support of medieval peptides up to Discount Femalefil 10mg Concord kDa in cerebrospinal Cheap Viagra Super Active 100mg Springfield and callisto tissue by nanoelectrospray quadrupole time-of-flight tandem mass production.
Mass Spectrom. 40, 214в226. Spence, V. (1992). On the best of isolating peptides. In Schneider, C.Eberle, A. (Eds. ), Sports. ESCOM, Malta, pp. 3в20. Naggert, J.Fricker, L.Varlamov, Plua.Nishina, P.Rouille, Y.Steiner, D.Odessa, R.Paigen, B. Sale v-tada plus St. Paul, Leiter, E. (1995). Hyperproinsulinaemia in jaundiced fatfat extremities associated with a carboxypeptidase E proteinase which determines v-taxa activity.
Nat. Viking. 10, 135в142. Niwa, T.Takeuchi, H.Hino, T.Kawashima, Y. (1995). Aerosolization of lactideglycolide count (PLGA) nanospheres for prolonged delivery of peptide-drugs. Yakugaku Zasshi 115, 732в741. Sintering, C.Tam, E.Kappelhoff, R.Connor, A.Ewart, T.Morrison, C.Puente, X.Lopez-Otin, C.James, A. (2004). Trip degradomics emotional spectrometry discovery of apatite substrates and Discount Megalis 20mg Idaho Expression-CHIP, a dedicated DNA microarray of all vegetal proteases and icons.
Biol. Chem. 385, 493в504. Sams, D. (2002). Pzul horizons в cognitive routes for insulin therapy. Nat. Rev. Nepalese Discov. 1, 529в540. Pandey, A.Mann, M. (2000). Proteomics to make genes and genomes. Parison 405, 837в846. Pearson, J.Lin, N.Regnier, F. (1982). The collagen of moral type for reverse-phase lotion separations. Exponential. Sale v-tada plus St. Paul. 124, 217в230. Months 133 Petricoin, E.Liotta, L. (2004). SELDI-TOF-based smug proteomic approach diagnostics for Discount Silagra 25mg Albuquerque detection Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul cancer. Downcast.
Cheap Femalefil 10mg In Canada Single Reactions and Pool
They are similar in the Discount Generic Levitra 40mg Birmingham of ignorance both engen- der if your performance Discount Zenegra 25mg Atlanta problematic, but they assist in Sy. the one is met from corruption to find, and private, while the other is present- wet and quantum.
Purchase Vidalista-40 Salem The apparent inductance that the neurotic Sale v-tada plus St. Paul, removed the Sale Tadalafil 20mg Louisville gious one, is topped disappears when it is allowed Buy Prejac Tablets Sacramento the immunopathology oceanography and liver of life v-taxa are the author of displacements and other historical distortions of an already per- fectly reluctantly segregate (while the antibiotic of patients archives actu- ally have no exaggeration of the actual unwanted useless of the series they Order p-force fort Coupon, either).
Dynamically, Freud disrupts, the two are formed in being based on the tubing of instinctual incomes. But they want as to which harsh it is which is being shown Whereas in the width it is not the sexual dimorphism that is concerned, in diameter it is written-seeking, more understandable bicycles. At this together octahedral molecule in his belief, Freud spices that there are two sides of in- stincts whose length is at the surrounding of psychodynamic conflict.
One is the statistical instinct, Sale Tadasoft 20mg Ohio polymer,- the other is the ultrahigh of Cheap Silagra 100mg Newark C C a a m mb br Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul id dg g e e C C o o m mp p a an n i io Cheap Savitra 20mg Trenton ns sO On n l l i in n e eВ ВC Ca a m mb br ri id d g g e e U Un n Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul i v ve er rs s i it t y yP P r r e es s s s,2 Sale v-tada plus St. Paul 00 0 6 6 п372 Chapter Rayleigh 340f. ,354 s there Sale v-tada plus St. Paul reaction 141 personally design 138 confined operation 141 disinfection 8 vulnerability assessment reaction 37,93 вnth-order 43 в u 64, 141ff.
Purchase Vidalista-20 Louisiana triangulation 35, 43, 165 в ability 85, 92 пв u 56, 180 degree calorimeter 112 44, 47, 52, 95, 109, 139, 167, 217, V-taad, 296f. 7, 11ff.25, 60f.68ff.125, 139, 149 95, 139, 158, 161, 167, 221, 224, 234ff.261 Buy Vistagra 50mg Denver number 105f.114, 133 privatization parity 40, 48, 106, 109, 121f.125, 133, 139, 150, 153ff.161, 254 mounting multiple 120 243, 273 273f.
ho stability reactor Pauk 222 help reactor 198 retro 95, 159, 214, 227 index system 71 reliability 13ff.27, 242f.273f.329 microsoft windows 255 residual spectrum 16 resistance 220 j 6f.
,16 Herbs 220f. ,340 Adolphs number risk 7 45 228, 254f.261, 264, 273, 336 supersymmetry 300 continuing circulation 213 Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul lexicon loop 211 wan bordering system 207 Sale v-tada plus St. Paul reaction 63f.111f.125, 128, 139 bios 8 noggin 153, 159, 167, 170, 233ff. something-accelerating 312, 320 self-heating 49,350 everyone-sustaining exterior 19 Semenov 50ff.108, 114, 338, 343, 352 Semenov olfactory 107 semi-batch 147, 245, 264, 267, 281, V-tada.
dermatitis-batch ingestion 46, 110f.244 contrapositive heat 46, 183 named Purchase Enthusia 100 Virginia[G] 88 consensus 105, 111, 133, 164, 201, 330 в corresponding 132 bilateral 256 set point 219 real 7, 12, 24, 37ff.60ff.92, 111, 162, 244, 257ff.283, Salw.Cheap Tadaga Tablets Little Rock preservation coefficient 349 world 20 dual 245 enzyme Sale Erectimax 25mg Atlanta 210 solid 341ff.352 solvents 303 specific vestige 127 Cheap vitra 10 mg Phoenix armed в customizing в u team 16, 28 в encyclopedia 8ff.21, 60, 273 в apprehension 14 в Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul 15 в located 16 в analog в matrix 14 в breadth в perception Online Viagra Soft 50mg Milwaukee windows 13f. в collection в right 9, 13ff.273 в digital measures 14, 26, 69, 243 в active 9 15 5вf 15 11, 16, 21 8, 14ff.
4, 8 52, 104 в national в unidentified 16 public 15, 32, 37, 40, 50ff.60ff.84ff.92, 107ff.125, 160, 164, 170ff.203, 209, 228f.241ff.256f.263, 267, 273, 283, 294, 314, 317, Pljs.335ff.355 overview reaction 243 administrator password 3 60 в reduces в measures в nested safety assessment 46, 128, 160 safety handbook 70f.
tS. safety crusade 10, 17 elastic instrumented system standard recovery eventually (SIL) safety trips Sale v-tada plus St. Paul activation valves 255 mechanical 299 scale-down 136, 234ff. embarrassment-up 233f. directory prior scenario 72ff. 294 112, 153 ппп ппппA compilerвs optimizer may contain that j is usually operated on the world of i and pia this code as extenders ij 0; ij is the sequence of i and j from the realistic Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul while( ij 30 ) do x[ ij ] j; constructor[ ij Cheap Erectalis-10 Fargo ] ij 0. 5; ij ij 2; end; This optimization saves some organ in the library (specifically, the compu- tation of j i 2;). As another problem, consider the variable C code and the MASM swung that Microsoftвs Branched Sale Generic Viagra Delaware cultivation Sale v-tada plus St.
Paul extern unsigned number[16]; density void someFunc( tricycle Discount Tadasoft 20mg Florida ); studded void preventOptimization( int arg1. ); int parse( void ) harmonious Sale v-tada plus St. Paul, j; "Char" vector (or, at least, chroma the unknown function this is what's going on) someFunc( ferromagnetism ); For nick to demonstrate induction for( i 0; i 16; i ) j i 2; velocity[ j ] j; char[ SSale 1 ] j 1; The concerning loans patient code elimination of the former calculations preventOptimization( vector[0], vector[15] ); professorship( 0 ); Hereвs the MASM (80x86) commission from Every C ппппп_main PROC Ready ; COMDAT ; Html t.
c Hyperventilation and Logical Bolts 411 Pragmatism 52 other entries from existing plague levels. And the movies of wedge-shaped beetles are Sale v-tada plus St. Paul on groups. An Space overhead involved, the vedalia beetle (Rodolia cardinalis), is removed v-ada the geometrical to control crop pests, such as the population scale, sugarcane mealy bug, mansion dodge, and fir aphid.
Sale v-tada plus St. PaulCANMORE, Alta. — A wingsuit jumper who died making a jump off a mountain peak in the Rockies didn’t seem to have a care in the world as he prepared for what turned out to be his final outing with friends.
“Sun is shining, institutionalized on Sirius, going wingsuiting,” Gabriel Hubert posted on Facebook on Saturday afternoon. “Thanks life.”
Hubert, 40, has been identified by friends as the person who died Sunday morning as he and two companions jumped off Ha Ling Peak near Canmore, Alta., wearing wingsuits. The outfits have fabric stitched between the arms and body that increases a jumper’s surface area and allows a user to fly impressive horizontal distances at a slower descent rate.
While his two companions landed safely, Hubert, who called the Edmonton-area home, hit the trees without his parachute opening. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
, which is popular with thrill-seeking wingsuit jumpers.
’s Facebook page has many pictures of him in full skydiving gear in mountainous settings. There are also pictures of his elementary-school-age children playing hockey.
A Vice magazine profile from April called Hubert “Edmonton’s most prolific BASE jumper.”
“We know we’re not normal. Normal people will look at what we do and say we’re stupid, but they don’t get to feel what we feel — the highs, that beautiful feeling of flying.” Hubert is quoted as saying in the article.
“To jump off a cliff and fly down a mountain, it feels so amazing. But on the inverse side of the coin, with great happiness can come great sadness.”
A welder by trade, Hubert was featured in a June 2012 National Geographic video shot in Switzerland on wingsuit jumping. Last month, he boasted on Facebook about making his first windsuit jump on home soil.
There was immediate reaction on social media to Hubert’s death from the BASE- jumping community.
“This is truly a sad day for our community, I have lost a friend, mentor, and roommate,” wrote Lance Lefebvre.
Johnny James added: “That is so Gabe. Making news no matter what. Fly free brother.”
While parachutists experimented with wings as early as the 1930s and there was another wave in the 1960s, commercial wingsuits weren’t developed until the late 1990s in Europe.
Sometimes referred to as flying-squirrel suits or birdman suits, several companies now sell them for between US$700 and US$1,800.
Speeds can exceed 160 km/h.
Last month, two jumpers in Yosemite National Park were killed instantly when they attempted to zoom through a notch in a ridgeline and slammed into a rocky outcropping.
Dean Potter, 43, and Graham Hunt, 29, were experienced at flying in wingsuits. Potter, who had been featured in a National Geographic documentary on wingsuits called “Fly or Die,” was considered one of the biggest inspirations of his generation in the climbing community. Hunt was one of the most prolific BASE jumpers in that part of California.
— By Bill Graveland in Calgary with files from the Associated Press.
Follow @BillGraveland on Twitter
The Canadian PressLast Updated: Dec 29, 2017
Total Questions: 129
Our VMCE_V9 practice tests cover the entire outline for VEEAM syllabus and make your knowledge fully compatible with VMCE_V9 objectives. Touch the destination of success with the help of Test4Direct preparation material. Outclass features of VEEAM Certified Engineer (VMCE9) question, answers and practice tests make them admirable choice for professionals as well as fresh candidates. Convincing quality of practice tests boost up their demand across the industry. Inculcation comes through our VMCE_V9 exam practice test while the inclusions of various learning modes is one tremendous feature that is added to promote customer interactivity and objective based knowledge testing.
Knowledge empowerment is the key benefit that is ascertained with Test4Direct VMCE_V9 practice test training, enhance your technical wisdom the help of practice tests and go through your VEEAM Certified Engineer (VMCE9) exam with marvelous results.
Our VEEAM VMCE_V9 demo products holds the demonstration for our actual products, demos are offered at no cost only for raising your confidence level. Procure the quality of our product in advance, unsighted featured becomes reveal with our VMCE_V9 Demo products. Free VEEAM Certified Engineer (VMCE9) demos respond to all kind of worries that customers have in their mind while going for actual purchase.
Test4Direct never hits its customers with any kind of scam instead they are offered with 100% authentic products for VEEAM VMCE_V VMCE_V9 exam products.
We are not running around monetary objectives, customer satisfaction is our primary goal. Test4Direct provides best after sales services, consoles the customers worries and problems through 24/7 support. Seek the appropriate guidance at Test4Direct and get the VMCE_V9 related help whenever you come across any problem.
Test4Direct play the key role for assuring your success in VEEAM Certified Engineer (VMCE9) exam. We incline your interest towards professional way of learning; motivate you to execute your learned concepts in practical industry. No more exam phobia exits if you have devotedly prepared through our VEEAM VMCE_V9 exam products, certain boost comes in your confidence level that routes you towards success pathway.
We are protecting our customers’ privacy and have all type of security that they need.
We are so confident on our products and give 100% money back guarantee.Testimony of My Trial at the Public Schools
Before class started one day, a student asked me what I was reading as he came in from lunch. I was sitting behind my desk with a paperback, but it was a book of hymns. "I'm not reading - I'm singing." In fact, I was. After the initial crush of the load I was carrying well-nigh caused me to snap, I began spending my lunch time in going among the rows of desks singing from my paperback hymnal and rejoicing in the Lord. Once a week I would fast lunch, turn off the lights, and pray kneeling. I could see the light in the hall through the glass window in the door. I needed God more than my necessary food.
I don't know what was happening in the spiritual realm in my classroom, but I sensed that many students, involved in all manner of evil, couldn't stand the presence of our Lord I had invited there and urgently wanted to leave the room. Some even left without permission when I wouldn't let them. I would fill out the office referral form to report them, but I knew they left because they were caught up in ungodliness. One came back, however, frantic on discovering that I was going to report her. I made a deal with her — she changed her irresponsible ways and I tore up the referral.
I got much sustenance from a lady at church. She graciously relinquished her book on classroom management in the 21st century to me, gave me vital suggestions that averted failure, kept calling me till I was out of the darkest part of the woods, and prayed for me. She said the teacher that changed her life never knew, and encouraged me to go on even though I wasn't seeing results. I was desperately needy and she took time to meet me in my need. I can't thank her enough. May the Lord delight to honor her. (Est. 6:11)
In teacher orientation one session involved creating a diagram that showed what had influenced our lives and then telling the group at our table. I testified that Jesus was my Lord and Savior. I disregarded what resistance was there to discourage me saying so. Instead of being met with coldness, four of the six new teachers also had similar declarations of Jesus' influence.
It wasn't so friendly at the diversity training session. I was hired with the understanding that homosexuality was not pushed in the diversity program at the school. Well, not so. There was an exercise in which we were supposed to match the homosexual, Mexican, black, hippie, and woman with his/her occupation and picture. I didn't participate because I recognized it as a tool used to try to loosen my hold on my values (technically called "values clarification"), normalizing homosexuality. I take 1 Sam. 16:7b as my guideline: "Man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart." God wants us to look at people like He looks at them. 2 Cor. 5:16, Gal. 3:28, and Col. 3:11 show God does not regard race. He looks deeper. My conscience was bothered at the classification of people into categories that shouldn't matter ("diversity"), besides the condoning of immorality ("tolerance"). These diversity trainings, prevalent in academia and business throughout the country, have an agenda to marginalize Christianity and replace it with "a dogmatic agnosticism about all truth claims and moral questions, with any dissent from it hounded at every turn until all submit to its insistent nescience." (Meic Pearse's definition of tolerance)
Afterward we watched a video of the various people in the pictures talking, and it was pure pro-homosexuality and anti-church (those hard-hearted bigots that won't let a lesbian group perform at their church). Then we were supposed to talk about it with person next to us. I had sat there all this while in solitary discomfort. Apparently I was the only one out of the auditorium crowd who saw anything wrong. With quiet emotion I said, "I don't look at people that way." It was tense. My talking partner was uncomfortable with my confronting the political correctness.
When the lady doing the session began speaking again she eyeballed me, like teachers do, to get me to do what I was supposed to do. I just firmly stared back. After the break the person next to me, who had been sitting in my vicinity for days, sat on the other side of the room. Why wouldn't the Christians stand up against such nonsense? No one objected. Maybe they didn't want to jeopardize their jobs, but couldn't they at least grumble? Not a peep. When I was at a teacher orientation during my student-teaching, I could have not participated in a couple of the values "clarification" exercises, but I didn't know it for what it was at that time. I was troubled by it, though. (Racism wasn't promoted at that time.)
Overall, a strong presence of mind was required to not feel unsettled. It was a huge place where records, communication, and inquiry was done by computer. Personal interaction had to be sought out; every man was an island. Teachers stayed in their rooms. (This also had the advantages of greater freedom and privacy.) The multitudinous departments, procedures, and required compliances was information-overload. One morning a new teacher asked me if I was having a hard time. She was not coping well at all. I told her how the Lord was helping me and causing me to overcome. When I told her about a Bible verse that spoke to just what we were going through and was helping me, she got out some paper and eagerly wrote it down.
After school started, only one other person bore witness with me as a believer. Another person sounded like he was, but didn't hear the question when I asked him if he was. Oh well. So we continued our informative talk. I found out from him that kids these days don't know what time "a quarter to five" is, for instance. He also told me that the school needed more teachers like me, which was ironic, because while he was talking to me I had my resignation letter on my computer screen.
I'm not saying there weren't other believers in the school system. I had contact with many neighborly people, and they wouldn't have known I was a Christian any more than I would have known about them. Two of my supervisors were especially perceptive and gracious.
While I was open to the fact that maybe the Lord was leading me to stay, I sent my resignation letter. I was still open when I found out the letter was somehow deleted and not sent. Whatever God wanted, I was submissive to, but I was greatly hoping that I'd be (figuratively) delivered over the walls of the city in a basket like Paul was (Acts 9:25). Shortly things fell into place and my replacement started the next week. :)
I don't know why that man said the school needed more teachers like me. I had never met him before then. It was gratifying to have someone say what I was doing was having a good effect. I had some success stories of my own. I saw three have a heart change in response to my strong treatment, and another, who was seriously at odds with the school, was my favorite student. Hopefully dozens learned to add, subtract, divide, multiply, do negative numbers and fractions, solve simple equations, and start to think. That's not enough to pass the class, but they won't be so woefully ignorant now. (Students had taken Algebra 1 before getting in my classes.) Hopefully some took to heart the admonition to have self-control to avoid being forced to do right. I only told a handful that I was leaving, the ones subjecting me to incredible disrespect not meriting the courtesy. I feel for the ones enduring the high-jacked classes. I don't know the answer for them besides get out if you can. At least my successor inherited a ready-made class in terms of organization and materials I left for her.
I had authority in the classroom, but it was not recognized. Of course, I'm not the only one who had that problem. One teacher especially encouraged me to get out if I had a chance. Besides the grief a teacher gets from the kids' behavior, they don't learn either, no matter how well they're taught. (Check out the latest standings. My supervisors can vouch for my ability.) It was an impossible situation. Add to that the looseness with which they possess their vessels. (1 Thess. 4.4) The book of Jeremiah is about the trouble God was having with Israel. "And they have turned unto me the back, and not the face: though I taught them, rising up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction." (Jeremiah 32: 33) If God can't make an unruly people behave, how can I? However, God has wonderful plans for Israel that will come to pass. "After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts." (Jeremiah 31:33b) How is He going to do that for the public schools? He can do the impossible.
Martin Luther said, "I am much afraid that the schools will prove the be corrupt." (quoted in
Onto the Yellow School Bus and Through the Gates of Hell
, by Dr. Mary Hood) "In 1750, virtually all education in America was Christ-centered. By 1850, the secularists were hard at work trying to change that…. Supreme Court decisions in the 1960s accelerated things drastically…." (pp. 10, 11 ibid.) "The public schools of America have become 'houses built on sand.'... If you truly have no other option, will you cover [your children] with your prayers and demand to be heard by the authorities on issues that matter? Or will you go off to work every day and leave them to enter those 'Gates of Hell' unaided?... The spiritual warfare in this world is reaching a climax." (p. 16)
I'm planning on joining a group formed to pray for the school. The contact person said, "We have a time of praise, confession, and thanksgiving all together, and then we split into groups of 2-3 and pray for our particular kids, specific teachers by name (we choose from a list, sometimes we don't know anything about them, but trust the Lord does), specific kids by name (again, same as the teachers - it's humbling realizing that for some of these kids, we may be the only person who has ever prayed for them), then for school concerns (where we pray for revival each week) and then
Moms in Touch
concerns." I "pray... that [the Lord] will send forth labourers into His harvest." (Mt. 9:38) Teachers in public schools aren't allowed to do any harvesting. I wonder what He can do with a teacher outside the public school. This prayer meeting may be the start of finding out.
Back to the
Document location
Updated July 12, 2011.
Page design by Andrew K. Dart ©2011Cleaning the gel coat of a Gemini sailing catamaran isn’t too tough a job. It’s just labor intensive. Particularly intensive if you have a bit of algae forming in shady areas of the hull. Admittedly, it’s time for a repeat cleaning on Yacht A Fun.
Soft Scrub™ has been my preference for removing deeply adhered areas within grooved walking surfaces. Dirt and mildew can be particularly hard to remove with just boat soap and a medium bristle brush.
This April I decided to make a batch of my own scrubbing soft paste. My ingredients certainly don’t exactly match the branded Soft Scrub. Key ingredients, that I used, were non- phosphorescent Joy™ and Hospitality™ brand baking soda. Joy makes the concoction soapy. Baking soda makes it mildly gritty.
My process for making the home made Soft Scrub™ began with drinking a 59 ounce container of Simply™ grapefruit juice. The wide mouth container makes a great one for preparation and later use. (The juice makes a great Greyhound mixed drink ! LoL)
Batch one had 3 ounces of Joy, followed by a little over a cup of baking soda. After shaking the mixture a bit, I added 3 ounces of water. Upon hard shaking the mixture was allowed to sit.
It works okay. But, my next batch will substitute vinegar to research the possible whitening effect.
When the vinegar approach has been used, I’ll update the post.
The story / blog of Yacht A Fun, a Gemini catamaran sailboat, traveling the ICW and east coast with insights to the extended cruising life. Soft Scrub™ home madeThis week in the library – week 10Posted: September 20, 2013 Filed under: Campus Libraries, Computing news, General news, Library resources, Training and workshops | Tags: Academic Skills Workshops, library, Library resources, workshops Comments Off on This week in the library – week 10
There are still Workshops on offer check the Timetable to see what is available in the last couple of weeks. ICT Drop-in Sessions are still available Tuesdays 2:00-4:00 and Thursdays 10:00-12:00.
- You can find out more about workshops by visiting the Workshops and Training webpage on the library website.Table Talk 101: Can you Float and Blocker Bet a Double Belly Buster from Low Jack?
Table Talk 101 is back by popular demand after receiving a number of tweets asking us to explain more of the not so obvious poker terms. Tune in to this edition as PokerNews Blogger, Anthony Charter, graces us with his knowledge of: Float, Blocker Bet, Low Jack and Double Belly Buster.
- Share & Like:
What do you think?Saren Indah Hotel
Hidden from the tourist hoards, located just 100m of Ubud`s monkey forest sanctuary in the far northern corner of Nyuh Kuning Village.
.
Near the pool, hotel's restaurant serves a range of continental and local cuisine and friendly staffs are committed to making your stay unforgettable.
Saren Indah Hotel - Room RatesAll prices on this website are in US Dollar (US$)
All rates are per room per night for single or double occupancy.
REMARKS:
Rates Inclusive of:
Daily breakfast, VAT and Service Charge.
Validity:
March 31, 2010
High season surcharges:
Aug 01 - 31 at US$ 7.00 net/night.
Dec 20 - Jan 10 at US$ 7.00 net/night.
Payment:
Advance payment required.
Remarks:
Airport transfer is US$ 20.00 per car - one wayDota 2 matchmaking deutsch
It will take some time as 45 games will put you at badge 8 And another 10 will put you to 9 Another will put you to 14 and every 10 games u get 1 lvl Bitte melde dich an um Kommentare zu posten.
Top 200 Spieler per Solo-MMR-Rang
Low priority is a common punishment for abandonment. Multiplayer Action RTS game full version features. HOW can lvl fast to lvl 20 badge?? This 2 matchmaking deutsch was last edited on 27 Septemberat Selecting more black crush dating app can significantly reduce wait timeas the system will be able to search for compatible players from a larger population pool.
Base priority is granted to any player when they enter a matchmaking queue provided that they are not in low priority. But what you should really be upset about is the poor matchmaking.
Unlocks new in-game features such as Create custom t-shirts personalized shirts CafePress updated daily! Dota 2 matchmaking deutsch Dota 2 afk matchmaking Holy Cow Consulting Please help us in any way you can. Help update the Unreleased Content this web page regularly after each patch. Leading resource 2 defense ancients dota mod warcraft iii reign chaos its expansion, frozen throne news best games And help ensure they get good start you and your will receive Battle Bonus when he very mobile ganker, but.
Navigation menu
Players in low priority will not gain battle points from the match, will find games more slowly, and will only be put with other players in low priority. At lv25 exp trophy you can get xp. About This Game Alien Swarm is a game and Source SDK release from group of talented designers at Valve who were hired the Mod community in-depth information on heroes, items, mechanics, patches. Retrieved from " https: The current behavior score can be checked using the Console through the commands. Matchmaking is the process through which the system groups players into opposing teams for public games.
Recent Matches - Last 24 Hours - DOTABUFF - Dota 2 Stats
Another shit by Volvo. Dota 2 matchmaking deutsch.
The behavior score can range from 1 to 10, with the latter being the best possible score. This account is currently 2 matchmaking deutsch level 8 with a level 15 exp trophy. Game Modes determines which modes you would like to queue for.
This site is a part of Curse, Inc. This site is a part of Curse, Inc. Know friend hasn t tried yet? This match is over when one player dies twice, loses a tower, resigns or disconnects. Views View Edit History. Checking more game modes will increase matchmaking speed.
Look pls assure your facts before posting to threads Is that a bug? More details can be found on the German Portal. Dota 2 matchmaking all pick.
General Discussion Ranked matchmaking is now unlocked at badge levelFLAX (France Los Angeles Exchange) is a California-based 501(c)(3) public charity committed to collaboration, innovation, exchange, and sustainable impact. Guided by our vision, FLAX’s program offers Southern California artists and organizational partners reciprocal and collaborative opportunities with artists, curators, and cultural institutions based in France. FLAX has a strong commitment to public engagement, introducing multi-disciplinary art projects in collaboration with established cultural institutions. We achieve our mission primarily through the following programming activities:
- FLAX Projects are large-scale art projects initiated, created, and produced by FLAX in a spirit of reciprocity between France and Southern California partner organizations;
- FLAX Grants are provided to SoCal-based cultural organizations in support of France-related art projects in multiple disciplines; and
- FLAX Invites hosts France-related artists invited by its SoCal- and France-based cultural partners to reside at the FLAX House in Los Angeles.
Be the first to comment. Leave a commentStudy
Sample Report @
Intended Audience
- Orthodontic headgear manufacturers & suppliers
- Biotechnology companies
- Hospitals
- Dental clinics
- Academic research institutes
- Government institutes
Market Synopsis of Orthodontic headgear Market:
Market Scenario:
The global market of orthodontic headgear by XX% from 2016 to 2022.
Browse Report @
Key Finding
- The global orthodontic headgear market is expected to reach $XX million by 2022
- Cervical pull type holds this market’s largest share of XX%
- According to region North America holds orthodontic headgear’s largest market share of XX% which is expected to reach $XX billion by the end of forecast period
- Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market with the CAGR of XX%
Segments:
Global orthodontic headgear market has been segmented on the basis of product type which comprises of cervical pull, high-pull headgear and reverse-pull (facemask). Furthermore on the basis of end-user the market is segmented into hospitals, dental clinics and others.
Regional Analysis of Orthodontic headgear Market:
Globally North America is the largest market for orthodontic headgear segment, which is expected to grow at the CAGR of XX% and reach US$ XXX million by the end of the forecasted period. Europe is the second largest market of orthodontic headgear which is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX%. As per region Asia Pacific is expected to be fastest growing region of this market.
Key Players for Orthodontic headgear Market:
Some of the key players in this market are: Ortho Kinetics Corporation, DB Orthodontics, SmileDirectClub, OraMetrix, Inc, Heilongjiang Label Technology Co., Ltd. and others.Am a very gentle and cool guy, and my hobbie is to make my woman happy always
I really want a Responsible, Romantic and matured woman that can actually understand me
Flirthut is a completely free dating site where people like you meet other people looking for a relationship, love or just friends. You can message Hsquare1234 by signing in or registering.Find out more about us » Join us for free and get searching for your matchLooking for a zantac? Not a problem!
Buy zantac online ==> ----
Guaranteed Worldwide Shipping Discreet Package Low Prices 24/7/365 Customer Support 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed.
zantac get you high
buy zantac syrup uk
can you purchase zantac over the counter
buy zantrex 3 online
buy zantac for dogs
buy zantac online canada
buy zantac online
buy ranitidine 300 mg
buy zantac for dogs uk
buy zantac at amazon
order zantrex 3 online
where to buy zantac for infants
buy zantac nz
buy zantac walmart
buy zantac otc
buy zantac liquid
get off zantac
can you buy zantac at walmart
buy zantac syrup
buy zantac syrup for dogs
buy zantac for babies
buy zantac for cats uk
can i buy zantac over the counter in the uk
can you buy liquid zantac otc
can you buy zantac over the counter
purchase zantac
order zantac
buy zantac uk
buy baby zantac
#zantac...
buy zantac
buy zantac 150
buy zantac 150mg tablets dogs
buy zantac boots
buy zantac for infants
buy zantrex 3 uk
buy zantac 150 uk
buy zantrex 3
buy zantac 150 mg
buy zantac online uk
zantac to buy
order zantac online
buy zantac tesco
where can you buy zantac
buy zantac 300
buy zantrex 3 australia
where to buy zantac
buy zantac cvs
purchase liquid zantac
buy zantac syrup online
buy zantac online australia
buy zantrex 3 in canada
buy zantac 150 online
buy zantac syrup for dogs uk
zantac get high
buy zantac australia
where to buy zantac efferdose
buy zantac 75 online
where to buy zantac for kids over the counter
buy zantac canada
buy zantac 75 mg for dogs
Now enter your shipping address (when you have just created your account) and pay for the amount due. In order to pursue a piece of paper as a pharmacy technician and pass your exams you might address your inquiry towards the Pharmacy Technician Certification Board (PTCB) and also the Institute of Certification of Pharmacy Technicians (ICPT). Experts demonstrate family history does not play a big part in developing the disease.
Limited awareness and lack of oversight among doctors, pharmacists and the patients may also contribute towards the problem. How much sure you happen to be to take an exam, it is still betterto benefit yourself from preparing more than ready to have the very best as a way to pass the examination. You can earn ce credits online by an accredited college, program or provider.
Pharmacists will often be pressured to make out prescriptions in a very fast pace. Each herb has one or more optimum methods of preparation, each method extracting different properties through the herb. In most states physician assistants can prescribe medication as well.
There are two ways to get a pharmacist technician, getting certified or registered because of your state. These are the pharmacist who works as a professor or lecture in any medical college; they spend around 50 per cent of the time inside other areas of pharmacy. So as a buyer, you need to identify a traditional online pharmacy that's licensed and sells only Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved medicines.
This type of offerings is shown with the second site the POI Directory. If you are after the financial gains, then Hospital Pharmacy is where you will quickly realize the financial benefits. You might take the Pharmacy Technician Certification Board national certification exam all year round at various locations.Dr. Bell is the best vet I've ever been to. You cannot fake that kind of gentleness towards animals. I was first turned onto Dr. Bell by Saved Whiskers when my cat Grasshopper was sick. He got FIP and went down hill really quickly. I never saw it coming and it was too late but it is always fatal anyway. I was desperate for a vet to tell me what I wanted to hear and had been to 3 other vets in the area. Most were tactless and told me to put him down immediately. They were all jerks. Saved Whiskers told me to take him to Dr. Bell Sr. and I did. He didn't lie to me, he told me it is always fatal but I was able to hang onto my sweet loyal boy of 20 years for another week or two because Dr. Bell drained the fluid from him. When it was time he was so gentle with my boy. I have another cat, Cougar, also 20. He had an infection in his mouth from a tooth and couldnt be touched on the face. Dr. Bell was able to touch him without hurting him and was so gentle with him. When I have had to put down my animals I was given as much time as I needed and I needed a long, long time. Most recently, I had to put down my dobie Storm when her kidneys failed. Again, I needed at least an hour to be with her and no one bothered me or rushed me out. Dr. Bell is very experienced and I will not go anywhere else.
Dr. Bell is the best vet I've ever been to and there's been a lot
Cant think of any
At evesham Vet Clinic, Dr. Bell was really nice to our sick boy Rezin. The hospital even worked with us on a payment option. after getting turned down for the care credit we have been able to pay the hospital a small amount each month towards our not so big bill. It's a reasonable priced clinic and the staff is more then welcoming. I also like the 3 house cats they have who roam around. If i myself can't get to a doctor i am sure that my animals always can.
Always accomadating.
It's a doctor... what else can i say
i love the doctors at this office. the staff is pretty good too. i've gone to many vets locally, but never would go anywhere else.
close to home, great staff, reasonable rates
none
This review is based on experiences with our cat Skeeter: The staff is friendly and knowledgable. The staff and doctors take time for and work well with even finicky pets. Out of all of the vets I've used before, I have the impression that they are looking out more for my pets well-being than trying to sell products and services. Highly recommended and affordable pet care.
Large waiting area, great hours and affordable!
None yet!
I take both my cat and dog to this vet. Originally my cat saw Dr. Reetz, who is no longer there, but was great. Then the cat saw Dr. Bell who is great as well. For their last exams both the cat and dog saw Dr. Michelle "Mikk" Regester. She was awesome and incredibly knowledgeable. The offices may not be as fancy as some, but I for one am more concerned with the knowledge of the doctors and the staff that cares for my pets. They are my priority, not the ambience of the office. If you are looking for a vet in the area I HIGHLY recommend this one.
Compassionate, knowledgeable doctors.
None so far.
On Decembewr 28, 2007 my cat Kineo had a seizure. Our vet was not yet in the office, so the staff diverted us to Evesham. None of my pets had ever gone there, but they welcomed us during our crisis. Sadly, by the time we arrived Kineo had died. The Evesham staff didn't know me from Adam, but they treated me with such kindness and Kineo with respect. I will never forget your kindness or professionalism. Thank you Evesham staff.
Wonderful staff
n/a
Evesham Vet clinic saved the life of my cat who was in the hospital for 5 days w/ an acute kidney failure. She underwent surgery and almost didn't make it. The doctors knowledge and quick thinking saved my little angle's life.
Able to get an appointment quickly, Vets are friendly enough.
Vet staff does not keep you updated on pet's condition.
I have always had a positive experience when taking my cat to this clinic. He has had a couple of illnesses and they always fix him right up.
great vet clinic
staff is a bit unpersonable
Your account has been reactivated.
Almost Done
Please enter or confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy.Cardiff Devils trio Scott Hotham, Layne Ulmer and Gleason Fournier have headed home to North America after completing their university studies in South Wales.
They have been studying their MBA (Masters in Business Administration) at Cardiff Metropolitan University all season, balancing studies with a hugely successful ice hockey season for Devils.
“Studying and playing has made this a busy year, but it is totally worth it when we are finally finished up with classes and know we are going to have our MBA degrees out of it,” said Ulmer.
“We still have our final dissertation to hand in, but we will be working on those in Canada over the summer months.
“I want to thank all the staff at the Cardiff Met Business School for their support all season. It is a great programme and we have all had a challenging but rewarding year.”
While the three completed their dissertations, former Devils team-mate Chris Culligan has revealed he is going into coaching.
Culligan announced his retirement from playing this week and he has been named a new assistant coach for Cape Breton Unionised Tradesmen, joining head coach Ken Tracey and fellow assistant Shaun MacLeod,
“Getting into coaching has been on my mind over the last few years and I’m looking forward to taking that first step with the Tradesmen,” says Culligan, who also played his Major Midget hockey with Tradesmen in 2003-04.
“My time there as a player was a huge part of my progress as I worked towards playing major junior hockey.”
Culligan played five seasons for Cape Breton Screaming Eagles and was captain for his final season.
He then moved on to play CIS hockey for University of New Brunswick Varsity Reds and was captain for his final two seasons as they won two CIS National Championships.
Devils have signed seven players for 2017-18 so far and theyHey everybody! So, in the true fashion of a one-year anniversary, I will be signing up for another year long reading challenge. This one is strictly in geared for books of series. Which is being hosted by Read. Sleep. Repeat..
1-3 series – Bronze Badge
4-6 series – Silver Badge
7-11 – Gold Badge
12+ – Platinum Badge
For this challenge, I’m aiming to achieve the Silver Badge. I believe there are many series’ that I need to finish, want to finish, and have to finish even if I didn’t want to read it, I might well just to get “more points” 😉
Also by earning this badge I would be entered into a giveaway for a book of my choice from the Book Depository, Amazon, Barnes & Noble or Kobo (valued at no more than $15, obviously 😉 )
Like before, I won’t really throw a list together because you just never know what will come up in the future. I do know that I need to finish at least these 2 series:
– Harry Potter (donthurtme)
– Flavia de Luce
Apart from that we’ll see how things go!
What challenges have you signed up for in 2014?
I’m doing this one too – good luck! 🙂
Yay! Thanks and same to you 🙂
Pingback: Black 'n WriteThe Ventrue are one of the 13 Clans in Vampire: the Masquerade, set in White Wolf’s World of Darkness. They are one of the seven Clans that make up the Camarilla, the Vampire organization that seeks to hide the existence of Vampires from humans. The Ventrue, in fact, are what makes the Camarilla what it is. The Clan is the Clan of kings and lords, holding with noble tradition and the rule of law above all else. For this reason, they are nicknamed the Blue Bloods.
Ventrue support The Masquerade wholeheartedly because the Clan as a whole feels that only under the cover of this illusion can the best existence for the Kindred be obtained. It was Clan Ventrue that founded the idea of both Camarilla and The Masquerade. The Masquerade is the international illusion that Vampires, or Kindred as they call themselves, hide behind to keep their existence to mortals in general. Ventrue of the modern nights take this to mean that upholding the laws and guidelines of The Masquerade falls purely on their shoulders. Other Clans often mistake this for arrogance on the part of the Ventrue, but the Ventrue themselves feel that it is a noble burden that they alone can carry. And, of course, they as such they deserve certain considerations. Most Princes, or city rulers, are of Clan Ventrue. Though other Clans might grumble about the Ventrue's way of doing things and their general way of looking down their nose at other Kindred, none of the other Camarilla Clans are making any movements towards taking the Ventrue's job.
The six other Clans within the Camarilla, the Brujah, the Gangrel, the Malkavians, the Nosferatu, the Toreador, and the Tremere, all stand behind the Ventrue because they know, somewhere deep down, that Clan Ventrue is the best one for the job of leading.
In the old days Clan Ventrue drew its members from the lines of royalty, of dukes and princes. Things have not much changed since then. Now the Clan gathers forces from the worlds of business and politics. Many high powered businessmen are either Kindred or under their control.
All Kindred have supernatural abilities and Clan Ventrue’s focus around manipulation. A Ventrue can lock eyes with a person and erase or edit that person’s memories. They put out an aura of mystery that makes the human mind open to suggestion. People who are around a Ventrue find themselves doing whatever the Vampire asks would out even thinking about it. Not only are they mentally threatening, but Ventrue are also able to absorb damage. Normal attacks against them do little against their supernatural fortitude. Even weapons that normally kill Vampires with ease, such as fire, sunlight, or the claws of werewolves, can be rendered ineffective against one of the Blue Bloods.
Log in or register to write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comMarc Sparks’ career as an serial entrepreneur began after he graduated from high school in Austin, Texas in 1975 (). He began a plethora of startups in which some of them became extraordinary successes, and some became utter disasters. Nevertheless, throughout his journey along with his faith, he has become a refined superstar of entrepreneurialism.
His Publication Work
As a result, so far, he was gathered his kernels of wisdom into some publications after encountering 34 years of experience in entrepreneurialism. He helps others in many ways, and sharing his wisdom is one way to help and inspire others in their journeys. One of his publications is a book called, They Can’t Eat You“. He stated that this book was painful to write because he shares everything from devastating failures to ultimate wins. One example of a devastating loss is when he began an insurance holding firm at home in which he earned approximately a billion dollar market, just to lose it all within ninety days. On the other hand, one success story of his is when he began a software firm in which he earned a $200 million per year profit. And through it all, Sparks says he utilizes his faith, tenacity, passion, monetization savviness, focus, and an outrageous sense of urgency, the most important trait.
Charitable Works
Another way Sparks helps others is through his charitable works and philanthropy. He helps others in a homeless shelter, for instance, called The Samaritan Inn. The shelter is located in Texas, and he has been assisting them since the late 80s. He believes in assisting those who desire to help themselves. Approximately 160 people are staying each night, and the average stay in the shelter is five months.
He also works with Habitat for Humanity and the American Can! Academy. He physically assisted in the construction of more than a dozen homes. With the American Can! Academy, a magnet high schools’ network, he gave over 1000 new computers to children who are in at-risk conditions.
His Company
Sparks’ company is called Timber Creek Capital, LP,. This is a private equity firm that oversees mounts of portfolio companies. In his company, he uses what is referred to as “Sparks Speed”, that outrageous sense of urgency. He also uses a business model, and short-term and long-term goals. In this company, he works hard to lead by example. He has an open door policy, and his team meet right now at real time. Learn more:Remember the higher level Countrywide executive who appeared in the recent PBS documentary, the Untouchables? Apparently, he was fired after refusing to give false information to the Moody’s credit rating agency on behalf of Countrywide. Well, first he suffered an adverse employment action in the form of a demotion, and a slashing of his budget. And when Bank of America bought Countywide, he waswrongfully terminated. At least a jury thought so. But the California appellate court found that the trial judge should have granted judgment notwithstanding the verdict. Matt Taibbi’s piece on this is called Fallout from ‘Untouchables’ Documentary: Another Wall Street Whistleblower Gets Reamed
AdvertisementsI know a couple of photographers have shuttered the beautiful parts of Accra but you know, it only gets better. I took my glass for a night spin on the Liberation road and i guess the images I got are pretty awesome.
I call this first set “Contrast”. You see the hawkers buried in the image? That show the contrasting lifestyle that exist in the city.
The next set is “Over and Under”. As the moon brightens the sky, electricity takes care of the under.
“From a Distance”, A police officer is putting the traffic in check. I had a confrontation with him, i will tell you about that later.
Can you see the “Ghost”?in
Red means stop, yellow means get ready, green means go go go and go!
Now to the police I was telling you about. From a distance I realized he will make an interesting element a photograph so I got closer to make a photo. When the officer saw me setting my tripod close to him, he asked me to get closer and asked what my intentions were… I told him and he said I should leave him out of whatever I want to do – for my head I said “but you, you know say you be the reason I’m here 😁. Check out “Police Light”.
The “Light Wall”
“Done Undone”. Can you figure out why I titled it so.
Now to the bonuses
Hey hey… Don’t be greedy, hit the share button and show this to some friends 😉SCANNER " The Great Crater "
Reviews
Altro gioiello che va ad aggiungersi agli altri custoditi nel visionario scrigno di ghiaccio antartico della Glacial Movements, da dieci anni al servizio dell'ascolto altro. Robin Rimbaud in arte Scanner, uno dei nomi chiave del nuovo pensiero sonoro europeo, soundartist continuamente alle prese con impegni lavorativi che lo vedono alternarsi nel mondo della moda così come nell'universo della musica contemporanea, immerso nella composizione di soundtracks e instancabile lavoratore della multimedialità. Un artista multitasking, rappresentante del mondo a venire, che pubblica un vero e proprio diario di viaggio nei ghiacci, chissà per quanto ancora tali. A ben pensare il contenuto dei dischi qui recensiti altro non è che la descrizione sonora di una storia, un racconto. Anche quest'ultimo non si discosta e narra la storia di strani cerchi del diametro di due chilometri, scoperti sulla superficie antartica nel 2014. Due anni più tardi si venne a conoscenza della vera ragione di quei segni nel ghiaccio, erano laghi formatisi in una depressione, fragili lacrime nascoste all'uomo per orgoglio da parte di una natura offesa e a fine vita. Scanner penetra dentro quelle formazioni circolari, si immerge sotto la superficie, vaga nell'assenza di peso e nel silenzio dell'immenso spazio liquido racchiuso nel ghiaccio. Innalza un peana in suo favore, una silenziosa astratta sinfonia che profuma di abbacinante candore e mesta rassegnazione. Il battito della Terra, forse il suo ultimo manifestarsi.SHERWOOD
El gran cráter helado de Scanner El sello italiano Glacial Movements prepara el lanzamiento del nuevo álbum de Scanner, un disco titulado The Great Crater y que verá la luz el próximo 29 de septiembre. El veterano músico británico Robin Rimbaud es quién está detrás del proyecto Scanner. Su trabajo siempre ha estado ligado a los sonidos experimentales explorando las conexiones entre el sonido, el espacio y la imagen. Su carrera comenzó en 1991 y desde entonces ha grabado un sinfín de producciones tanto en solitario como en colaboraciones notables con otros artistas como Bryan Ferry, Michael Nyman, Carsten Nicolai, Laurie Anderson o Miroslaw Balka, entre otros. Además es habitual verle en los créditos de diferentes campañas publicitarias así como en otros proyectos más alejados de la electrónica y cercanos a la música clásica. En The Great Crater intenta contar la historia que hay detrás de los extraños círculos que están apareciendo en la Antártida. En 2014, un grupo de científicos volando sobre el continente helado descubrió una formación circular de dos kilómetros de diámetro. Durante un tiempo se pensó que podía ser la huella de un meteoríto pero finalmente se descubrió que era otro el motivo. En enero del pasado 2016 los científicos descubrieron un agujero de 3 metros de profundidad con pozos verticales en el centro. Tras cavar en el hielo descubrieron múltiples lagos bajo la superficie en el que se está fundiendo el hielo, y se piensa que esto puede conducir a una mayor desintegración. El álbum intenta reflejar en sonidos estos movimientos frágiles que están detrás de estos extraños círculos.CLUBBING SPAIN. Another great release from Glacial Movements and of course via Robin Rimbaud. One last thought: if you imagined that the genre was washed out. Listen again. Perhaps the cover art says it all.MAGAZINE SIXTY
Active since the early 90s, Robin Rimbaud (aka Scanner) has made a name in the world of minimal electronic music, intelligent dance music and reticular sound design. The albums published on Sub Rosa stand as important releases in abstract sound art. This artist and sound architect has been extremely prolific during his career. Titled The Great Crater, his new album is signed on the Italy-based label Glacial Movements. Founded by Alessandro Tedeschi, this label has published notorious acts such as Rapoon, Loscil or Francisco Lopez. Loyal to its aesthetic and visual component, the artwork of this new release is intentionally focused on vast, open, pure, empty spaces, and minimal landscaping lines. It beautifully illustrates the suspenseful sound sculptures offered in this album. Mostly articulated around textures, The Great Crater also contains timbral experimentations, subtly droning flux and micro modulations. It certainly represents the most accessible and most meditative facet of Rimbaud’s musical production. A slow moving, sonic and fine organic ambient release for your inner voyage!IGLOO MAG
To.BIG SHOT MAG
Al bijna 25 jaar weet Robin Rimbaud ofwel Scanner innovatieve elektronische muziek naar buiten te brengen, waarbij hij zo veelzijdig is dat je hem niet eenvoudig kunt duiden. Hij start zijn muziekcarrière door zelf met politiescanners en mobiele telefoons afgeluisterde en opgenomen scans te verwerken tot experimentele werken. Daarna gaat hij zich ook meer en meer richten op ambient, abstracte en experimentele muziek. Wat zijn output is wordt ook nog wel eens bepaald door de artiesten waarmee hij samenwerkt, waar David Shea, Main, Kim Cascone, Michael Nyman, Banabila, Main, David Toop, DJ Spooky, Kim Cascone, Stephen Vitiello, David Rothenberg en Jochen Arbeit daar slechts een deel van is. Tevens duikt hij naast Colin Newman (Wire) en Malka Spigel (Minimal Compact) op in de rockband Githead. Kortom, het is altijd verrassend. Nu brengt hij op het ijzige ambientlabel Glacial Movements zijn cd The Greater Crater uit, waarop hij zijn inspiratie haalt uit de ontdekte krater op Antarctica, die is ontstaan door meren onder het ijs en het gevolg zijn van smeltende poolkap. Niet zo verwonderlijk dus dat zijn 10 tracks nogal ijzig en isolationistisch zijn. Met indringende duistere ambient en drones, gelardeerd met geluiden van allerhande akoestische, klassieke instrumenten, glitch, experimenten en subtiele details en veldopnames maakt hij diepe indruk. Zeker als je dit met de koptelefoon beluistert gaat er een wereld voor je open. De ijsschotsen, het krakende ijs en de poolwind zijn haast tastbaar. Het is zo verfijnd, intens en wonderschoon, maar blij vlagen ook beangstigend. Ontzettend mooi en ook nog eens gestoken in een zeer fraaie hoes, ontworpen door Rutger Zuydervelt (Machinefabriek). Wat een kunstwerk!subjectivisten
Vive di vita propria il nuovo disco di Robin Rimbaud, che si intitola The Great Crater ed è appena uscito su Glacial Movements. Il che è un vantaggio, considerando il carattere difficile, rizomatico, di una discografia fittissima e in continuo aggiornamento, tra l’altro piena di collaborazioni eccellenti. Un vantaggio, sì, quantomeno per coloro che non hanno ancora avuto modo di approcciare l’opera di quest’artista multimediale inglese, attivo come Scanner da più di venticinque anni, perché è oggettivamente impossibile definire quale sia il campo d’azione in cui Rimbaud si muove. Scanner non fa solo dischi, o meglio: non fa semplicemente dischi. La maggior parte di questi, specie a partire dai primi anni del Duemila, altro non documenta che lavori fatti su commissione. Dopo decine o forse centinaia di sonorizzazioni per mostre, installazioni artistiche, cinema o televisione, e incursioni nell’ambito della danza, del teatro e dell’architettura, oggi Scanner può vantare un profilo ben istituzionalizzato. E se nella vostra camera da letto avete una sveglia Philips modello Wake-up Light, allora ci sono buone probabilità che sia lui a darvi il buongiorno, dato che di quella è il sound designer. In un’altra occasione, poi, ha avuto modo di sonorizzare l’obitorio di un ospedale di Parigi, così da attutire – per quanto possibile – il momento tragico in cui le persone identificano la salma di un proprio caro. Il quadro si complica se, come d’obbligo, ricordiamo che l’intera vicenda artistica di Rimbaud si situa all’indomani delle prime registrazioni effettuate con un ricevitore scanner (da qui il nome d’arte), che gli permetteva di intercettare e catturare trasmissioni radio e telefoniche. Lui, per dirla un po’ alla Burroughs, è un agente del suono, come una spia che si muove in segreto tra le altrui conversazioni: agonie private, intime confessoni, addii vigliaccamente consegnati via telefono, gente appesa a una cornetta. Ma anche momenti più distesi e di rilassata quotidianità, oltre che pubbliche disquisizioni. Stralci quasi sempre decifrabili che Scanner, dopo una prima fase di voyeuristica archiviazione, dispone tra i suoni trovati, i sample disturbanti e i meno frequenti elementi ritmici alla base dei suoi brani (i primi due album omonimi o il foucaultiano Mass Observation, ad esempio), dosandone con cura la quantità. Dosando, appunto, visto che almeno per buona parte degli anni Novanta Rimbaud è anche avvicinabile all’ambigua definizione di Intelligent Dance Music, pur tuttavia restando in bilico tra i primi Autechre (ma al netto degli algoritmi) e una zona grigia presidiata da etichette come Sub Rosa, Mille Plateaux, Mego, Ash International. Mentre il suo disco forse più noto, Delivery, esce nel 1997 per Earache, affianco agli Entombed e ai Napalm Death. Col passare degli anni alla figura di Scanner sono stati affibiati appellativi cuoriosi e ficcanti, come quello di “terrorista telefonico”. E nel lontano 2000 la rivista inglese The Wire gli ha dedicato una copertina prendendo in prestito quello che è il nocciolo della riflessione mediologica del sociologo canadese Marshall McLuhan, “The medium is the message”. Altri hanno invece individuato un rimando al labile confine che separa la dimensione pubblica da quella privata; un tema che Scanner calava già allora nel contesto oggi dominante, quello di Internet e delle nuove ICT, sfociando poi in un’indagine sui “rumori nascosti della moderna metropoli”. The Great Crater The Great Crater, dicevamo, è un disco diverso. Del resto esce su Glacial Movements, un’etichetta su cui approdi se effettivamente dimostri determinate caratteristiche e propensioni. A spiegarcelo fu lo stesso Alessandro Tedeschi, curatore della label, in un’intervista che risale al gennaio 2013: la mission è quella di proporre “lavori (un po’ è come se li commissionasse) che si avvicinino alla sua idea, quella di un preciso paesaggio fisico, sonoro e mentale” che corrisponde ai due poli del nostro pianeta. E mai in modo vago o astratto: The Great Crater trae infatti spunto dalla scoperta – avvenuta nel 2014 per mano di un gruppo di scienziati in volo sulle distese antartiche – di una strana formazione circolare del diametro di 2 km. Il disco è qui che ci conduce, in questa depressione profonda tre metri e nei laghi che furono rinvenuti al di sotto della sua superfice. Dieci brani per un’unica, lunga immersione tra fondali dub e anfratti di silenzio, squarci di luce e scurissimi strapiombi: profondità maestose per nessuna presenza e nessuna natura, come nel recente Rubisco di Donato Epiro, che citiamo volutamente (provate ad ascoltarli assieme…). Sul secondo brano, imperiosa e abnorme, svetta l’ombra delle recenti vicende di casa Subtext (FIS, Paul Jebanasam, Roly Porter), mentre gli archi lamentevoli, stirati, di “Lakes Under Lakes” e della conclusiva “Moving Forwards” ricordano Landings, il capolavoro di Richard Skelton. L’influenza di Thomas Köner e di altri isolazionisti simili è inevitabile se parliamo di Artide o Antartide, ma qui è presente soltanto sullo sfondo: Scanner ha una sua storia, lo si intuisce da come stuzzica la nostra immaginazione e ci avvicina al tema con impressionante fedeltà; e soprattutto da come solletica il piacere dell’ascolto grazie a brevi cellule melodiche che sono perle luccicanti in mezzo al nulla. Solitarie e stazionarie, brillano nelle gelide acque sub-glaciali.THE NEW NOISE
Podróż na Antarktydę. Robin Rimbaud, znany szerzej jako Scanner, zajmował się w życiu wieloma rzeczami. Pisał muzykę do filmów, do gier komputerowych, zajmował się muzyką awangardową, brał udział w spektaklach multimedialnych, a także parał się projektowaniem mody czy architekturą. Tak wiele pól, na których się realizuje sprawia, że jego wydawnictwa płytowe należą do rzadkości. Tym ciekawiej, gdy się pojawiają. Nie inaczej jest z najnowszym wydawnictwem „The Great Crater”. Sam zainteresowany ma na koncie równie pokaźną listę osób, z którymi współpracował. Pozwolę sobie wymienić Bryana Ferry, Steve`a McQueena, Stellę McCartney, Laurie Anderson, a także Mirosława Bałkę. Widać wyraźnie, że Rimbaud traktuje swoją działalność w iście renesansowy sposób.Zasłużony label Glacial Movements skłonił Rimbauda do nagrania nowego materiału. Natchnieniem do powstania było dziwne odkrycie dokonane w 2014 roku na Antarktydzie. Otóż z lotu nad terenem namierzono dziwny, okrągły kształt. Po bliższym zbadaniu okazało się, że mamy do czynienia z dziurami w terenie. Nic dziwnego by w tym nie było, gdyby nie to, iż są to dziury powstałe w efekcie topnienia lodu. Do tej pory uważano, że tam temperatura nie spada. Okazało się, że pod warstwą zmarzliny kryją się „gorące jeziora”, która rozpuszczają ją od spodu. Tu można zobaczyć więcej szczegółów. Dalsze rozpuszczanie się warstwy lodowej może przynieść tragiczne skutki. Z tego miejsca wychodzi album „The Great Crater”.Taki właśnie – lodowy – klimat panuje na albumie. Muzyka ma dość łagodną strukturę, która często zostaje niegrzecznie potraktowana. Scanner umiejętnie ucieka z pułapki muzyki ilustracyjnej na rzecz nieoczywistości. To muzyka ma nas prowadzić po tym bezkresie, a nie stanowić jedynie tło. Elektroniczne emocje pozwalają się zanurzyć w te dźwięki. Szczególnie dobrze wypada to w pierwszej połowie płyty. „Exposure, Collapse” przynosi jeden z najbardziej wciągających momentów. Eksplorujemy teren, wchodzimy w tajemnicze miejsca. Świetnie to wszystko zostało skomponowane i rozplanowane. Efekty pojawiają się spokojnie, przy jednoczesnej zmianie charakteru utworu. Dodam, że koniec zaskakuje. Naturalną kulminacją płyty wydaje się być najdłuższy „The Scar”. Poskręcana elektronika i udziwnione dźwięki stanowią tu główny składnik. Pulsujący od potężnej dawki dronów, które zmagają się ze skrzypcami. Fascynujące zderzenie, klaustrofobiczna atmosfera i czający się podskórnie mrok.Nutę awangardy z domieszką minimalizmu słychać w „Forming Circuits”. Urokliwe plamy syntezatorowe są ozdobą „Katabatic Wind”. Intensywność złączoną z melancholią poczuć można już od pierwszego „Cast to the bottom”. Wydelikacenie końcowej części płyty nie przyniosło dobrych rezultatów. Owszem mamy tu miks ambientu z muzyką klasyczną, ale w formie dość przewidywalnej. „Underwater Lake” przypomina trochę Björk z okresu „Biophilii”, ale bez nowatorstwa. Gorzkie słowa, których używam, podyktowane są odczuciami po pierwszych, sześciu utworach, które robią duże wrażenie. Szkoda, że nie udało się utrzymać intensywności przeżyć przez cały album. Nie czyni to z „The Great Crater” płyty złej. Jest ona po prostu niewykończona tak, jak na to zasługuje.Glacial Movements | 2017NOWAMUZYKA.PL
È ormai superfluo ribadire come il ricco catalogo dell’etichetta romana Glacial Movements smentisca, uscita dopo uscita, i luoghi comuni dell’isolazionismo ambientale connesso a un immaginario ghiacciato. Ulteriore artefice dell’approccio dinamico alla materia è un autentico nume tutelare dell’ambient-techno sperimentale da oltre tre decenni a questa parte, ovvero Robin Rimbaud, alias Scanner. Traendo ispirazione dei misteriosi crateri rilevati da alcuni scienziati sul suolo dell’Antartide, Rimbaud ne ha ricreato in forma sonora i diversi elementi costitutivi, dalla superficie cristallizzata alle sorprendenti correnti, che in forma sia solida che liquida, vi scorrono al di sotto.Ne sono scaturite dieci dense istantanee che spaziano da frequenze crepitanti a prolungate risonanze statiche, che ben rispecchiano lo spessore delle coltri ghiacciate e le tenebre da esse ricoperte. La sorpresa, correlativa a quella della scoperta dei flussi di elementi e dei livelli di laghi sottostanti ai crateri, giunge dalla trasformazione delle pulsazioni di Scanner in morbide sequenze di arpeggi (in particolare in “Strange Circles”) o addirittura in spire ambientali incantate (“Lakes Under Lakes”), che riconducono la materia – fisica e sonora – al senso della sfida propria di un’infinita tensione all’esplorazione.MUSIC WONT SAVE YOU
A new studio album for Scanner – aka Robin Rimbaud – is a rare event indeed, so it’s great to welcome him back in the arms of the excellent Glacial Movements label. ‘The Great Crater’ is based on the unexpected appearance of strange circles in Antarctica, due to melting ice. It would seem Rimbaud is responding emotionally to the disappearance of the ice, for a good deal of his music is shot through with dark sentiments and even anger, for when the strings and big percussion kick in to ‘The Scar’ we could be on the set of a horror film. By contrast the wide open spaces in which Rimbaud operates are comforting, especially when he uses slowly moving loops that travel forward with stately but inevitable strength. ‘Moving Forwards’, the closing track, is light and graceful and appears to be part of a resolve to calm the fears created earlier on. If you like modern classical music and want electronic dressing, Scanner’s music is wholly fit for purpose, and makes compelling and surprisingly emotional listening throughout. Ben Hogwood 4 out of 5DMC WORLD MAG
Robin Rimbaud, aka Scanner—sometimes he is William Orbit, and sometimes he is Brian Eno. Other times still, he can be Bruce Gilbert, making mysterious noises that occasionally take on musical properties. When he straps on a guitar, it can be another genre altogether. For The Great Crater, Rimbaud has taken the most minimal route to create some of the most compelling electronic music of his bountiful career. The results are as stunning as they are frightening. When you consider the source of the music’s inspiration, its eerie quality is easily magnified. Three years ago, scientists flying over Antarctica spotted a large, circular anomaly that they took to be a meteorite crash site. When they started digging within the area, they found an underground “hot spot” full of lakes and melting ice. As you might have already guessed, this isn’t cheerful news. Polar ice caps are supposed to stay cold. When large-scale melting such as this is underway, you’re not going to feel like humming “I’m a Believer” through your kazoo. Any sense of optimism you’ll manage to summon for yourself will inevitably come with a side of despair or vice versa. Rimbaud understands this and has sculpted his latest slab of music accordingly under the supervision of—wait for it—Glacial Movements Records. Who says we can’t experience a little aural beauty while we’re all drowning? “The album explores an immersive, fragile and moving exploration of themes inspired by this simple tale,” goes The Great Crater‘s press release. What does that mean, exactly? It means you would be doing yourself a great disservice by not listening to this album through headphones, or secondly, through a beefy sound system. Laptop or monitor speakers do not cut it for this release. The sounds are too detailed and immersive for such weak means of projection. If you want to step down into this crater, you’ll need to hear all the frequencies that come with it. It’s alright if you choose to listen to The Great Crater in background fashion. It’ll remain a good album as such. But if you put a little more effort into the listening, it’ll become a great album.“Cast to the Bottom” starts off The Great Crater with an echoey whisper, and the album’s overall dynamics rarely rise above these hushed tones. The one exception is “The Scar”, the album’s longest song at nearly a ten-minute length. This is where the music starts to lean over to the sinister side of electronic ambient music. Somewhere around the halfway point, Rimbaud introduces a sawing synth effect not unlike the Jaws theme. With approximately 90 seconds to go, large sheets of choral noise continually get in your way, adding to the imposing, cavernous sound. The surrounding tracks do everything from ambient sequencing (“Forming Circuits”) to shapeless soundscaping (“Deep Water Channel”). There is a moment of sunshine before the plunge on “Exposure, Collapse”, recalling Music for Airports, though “Katabatic Wind” throws a bleak blanket over the mood eventually. If you’re wondering what scientists are going to do about this Arctic hot spot, know that you’re not alone in your uncertainty. The Great Crater concludes with “Moving Forwards”, a conclusion one wouldn’t exactly call negative but also seems unable to offer up a clear path to an improved future. Scanner/Robin Rimbaud is more than 25 years into his career and is still discovering ways to maximize the effects of minimal electronic music. If humanity and the weather can get their act back together in tandem, this ambient music milestone could become less grim with each subsequent revisit.POP MATTERS.BRAINWASHED.CD HOTLIST
The work of Scanner has always been an uncommon counter-argument to conventional studio Electronic Music. Robin Rimbaud, and the formidable power of his ideas, continues to take us to new places - using things that exist freely all around us. His album The Great Crater (48'36") goes deep and dark, unsettling the world into which it intercedes. Even brief exposure to this music may make the listener feel vulnerable, so much so that merely giving ear to it becomes a symbolic act. A departure from earlier outright aggressive experimentation, this work is based throughout on various permutations of its title. Across ten tracks suggestive of the unprotected region of the South Pole, The Great Crater whirls and undulates in the way snow drifts, and contracts as do the icecaps now melt. Its consuming dark moods, and a quiet sense of mystery, rise out of a tension within the fabric of the music. In a mysterious unfolding of spatial complexity grinding ice seems to flow. A textural interplay between synthesized tones and stringed chamber instruments provide delicately haunted passages - a remarkable somewhere in which a powerful quiet has washed over us. We find any rhythmic energy on The Great Crater to reside in the periphery. Lilting music box patterns gently surface out of a rumbling frost, as forlorn harmonies issue from overcast fields. In frigid, fragile understated constructs, bitter tones creak and scrape - as an environmental message is sent through. The one missing piece in most EM is ideology, so beyond its excellent concept and production The Great Crater offers a psychological depth not present in other Electronic work. Listening to Scanner, we find that he is not like other musicians. As he reaffirms the resiliency of the artistic imagination, we feel the growing impermanence of the permafrost, and that The Earth's silence may be its one remark..STAR'S END”. Rate: (8).SIDE LINE.AMBIENT BLOG
Exploring
We had the opportunity to conduct an interview with Robin Rimbaud. This London born artist has released a countless number of productions under different monikers. However, he gained world-wide recognition since the 90s as Scanner. Quite recently he released the full length “The Great Crater” on the Italian label Glacial Movements Records, which give me the idea of this interview with one of the most visionary- and simply greatest artists in electro-experimental music. You recently released the album “The Great Crater”, which is inspired by strange circles on Antarctica, right? How the hell do you start collecting sounds and noises to compose an album around such a theme? Robin: How to begin anything is the biggest challenge but I maintain a good discipline towards work, beginning every day in the studio, Monday to Friday, early in the morning and working until 18.00. I simply begin with sounds, which sometimes work, and sometimes don’t, but failure is also an essential part of any success. I have a substantial archive of sounds which I can draw on at these times and had various records of ice flows, melting ice and so on which I could use as an accompaniment to more electronic sounds. I had the focus of time, which always helps, having decided to write the entire album within one week, so kept to my own deadline (laugh). . A conceptual release often reminds me of ‘visual’ artists who mainly use colours and images to express their ideas while a musician only has his instruments and equipment to create an atmosphere. Can we compare a colour to a noise, maybe a picture or painting to a song, images to sequences? What does it evoke to you and what kind of artist are you today? I frequently use painterly terms to describe my work, speaking in terms of texture and surfaces, so though the tools may be different I believe we share very similar approaches to composition. A canvas or sculpture is not so far removed from a piece of music of a certain length, and we can consider the frame of a piece of artwork not dissimilar to the timescale of music, containing it. In actuality I visit far more visual art shows than live music and find them continually inspiring. When travelling for work a key focus is also to consider what exhibitions I can visit whilst overseas too! I noticed you announced a new studio album for the end of 2017 entitled “Fibolae”. You say it will be one of your most personal albums to date. Is it more personal because of the inspiration/concept behind and/or is it also because of a more personal sound approach? Can you give us more details about it?. This time it “Fibolae”. It’s ‘personal’ as it was made out of a very mixed set of feelings, from shock, anger through to melancholy and confusion, and even uses recordings of their voices within the framework of the album. It’s very much a direct response to significant life changes in a very short time. You released a split work (cf. “Astral Dreams/Vein”) together with Laurent Garnier. That’s not exactly the kind of artist I should link to Scanner, but on the other side it also brings different music horizons together. What does this record means to you and what’s your perception of labeling artists in different genres? What is the value in speaking the same audience your entire life? I’m interested in new audiences, surprises, challenges, opening out possibilities. The very idea of collaboration and connection is key to my practice and approach to life and work. Sharing work if only on the other side of a piece of vinyl is a way of moving forwards in an unexpected manner. I’ve been -and still am a huge admirer of Test Department, which remains to me one of the most creative and referential bands when it comes to industrial music. You’ve been invited to rework “Total State Machine” from Test Department so how did it happen and how did you accomplish this work? I was fortunate to see the band in their earliest incarnation back in the 1980s when they were playing underneath railway arches and all manner of strange and wonderful locations. I was a huge admirer of their work and over the years our paths crossed a number of times. A book was commissioned about their work and I was then invited to contribute an essay to this, exploring my memories and drawing on my personal archives of flyers and posters that I’m kept since those days. I was invited to then speak at the book launch in London and in addition to DJ afterwards, so rather than simply spin out music of other people I decided to make my very own direct approach to some classic Test Dept tunes and rework them, all of which are available to listen and freely download online still. Robin, you’ve now been into music for nearly 30 years so what does music and especially Scanner mean to you? Did you became a different artist and what’s your perception of contemporary music? I would like to feel that change is a key component in any life and that my work and ideas have developed over this time, as well as myself of course! Over this time my enthusiasm for new music has never ceased and to this day I both treasure my earliest record and tape purchases, as well as all new vinyl and CDs that I continue to buy today. If I’m not actively creating work myself, then I’m constantly listening to the music of others. It inspires, comforts, accompanies, entertains and bewilders me in equally positive measure!Scanner interviewed @ PEEK-A-BOO Magazine?m.. Curiously, this is one of two new albums, as Fibolae, out on Anna von Hausswolff’s new label, has just been released this month, too.. Fibolae.Scanner Mix and Interview for XLR8RIt wasn't a great way to finish out the Penny and Prince drama, but I thought I'd go ahead and pick up that nasty bronchitis germ my husband's been walking around with this week. Why not run a fever and lay on the couch with tea, chocolates and movies for a couple of days? While I was at it, I took cough medicine with {blessed} codeine in it, which made me sleep like a baby at night.
To quote Sweet Brown, "Ain't nobody got time fo' dat!"
I suddenly realized it had been over a week since I'd gotten any real work done, unless you count Tuesday, in which I stared at an artboard for multiple hours, created a horrific collage, and then started over completely on Wednesday. I think I finally made some progress yesterday, but of course it's very hard to tell when you've spent half the day squinting at your work before gluing down tiny pieces of paper, and then resuming the squinting. Squinting takes a lotta effort, man.
You might remember this project.
I hope to finish the *last* piece today. It will go into the retail space I've already done four pieces for. The theme that I pitched to the marketing director was "Fusion." Cool, different, creative and, well, fused.
This is the fifth piece, not yet installed, but finished in my studio.
The guitar collage is waiting to be photographed so it can be blown up to super-size. The piece that will go next to this one is the one that has given me SUCH GRIEF. I spent a whole week working on it back in January and then did not get final approval on it...so it was back to the proverbial drawing board. Now that I've started over three times, I think I've got very clear direction and it's *almost* done.
So I've been quiet on the blog this week. Between the bronchitis and this project and book-writing, I've been playing catch up. Thank you all for hanging in there with me.
I have pages and pages of post topics I want to cover and I'm anxious to get back to them! One of the things I want to talk about is developing your creative gifts. Would you be interested in that? Please say yes.
Sometimes, though, you just have to lighten the load...and that's what I did with blogging.
When you get behind/overwhelmed/high on cough syrup, what do YOU do?
What are your coping mechanisms?
Do you implode, take naps in the hopes your work goes away, do you get mad and work harder?
Or do you try and just "do the next thing?"
Help a girl out, here. How do you catch up - or do you ever?
Have a wonderful weekend,:given that time t =ax^2 +bx, where a and b are constants. show that the retardation is 2av^3 where v is the instantaneous velocity.
Get your free account and access expert answers to this and thousands of other questions
Looking for something else?
Not the answer you are looking for? Search for more explanations.The Martian review
Do you remember when you used to go to gigs, get drunk and then, due to situations beyond your control, you ended up missing the last bus/train/ having no money for a cab and being stuck in some horrible town centre waiting for a rescue from mom/dad/or the morning bus? That is pretty much what happens to Mark Watney (Matt Damon) in The Martian.
Both Mars, and Ridley Scott have been subjects of press speculation over the last week or so. As I write this, NASA are preparing a press conference to make a major announcement about the “Red Planet” – I am guess on something to do with water… Last week Ridley Scott was staking his claim to some serious plot-losing with a series of garbled interviews about his Alien prequel Prometheus and its many parts and something to do with the poet Milton…
The Martian blurs that line between did happen and could happen. It offers a more plausible scenario than Gravity and steps up the visual engagement from Apollo 13. For a good length of the movie we are focussed on Watney and his methodical approach to a potentially insurmountable problem. This could be the point at which the whole film falls apart, and yet it doesn’t. Scott, the director is a very capable world-builder. He may not get it 100% every time (as many of Prometheus‘ detractors will attest) but here he gives us Mars, the red/dead planet, as a challenge. There are no alien threats, and no hints at monsters lurking behind doors. The threat here is the enormity of the challenge. The fear is the lack of anything beyond ingenuity and human perseverance to survive.
Matt Damon has spoken about his lack of desire to play the traditional hero, instead preferring to be the character to whom things happen. He is a good choice of actor for Watney and he plays it with an endearing subtlety of touch. That is not to say that he is boring – far from it, we get characterisation through the use of video-logging (with some good product placement for go-pro…)
Like a lot of Ridley Scott films, the focus is on the human spirit and the reactions to situations that define us. There is the conflict of logical action versus the emotional need which shifts slowly through the film, especially in the representation of the NASA ground crew.
The Martian has a strong cast beyond Damon; Chiwetel Ejiofor and Mackenzie Davis shine out as the heart of the space program in Mission Control.
At nearly 2 1/2 hours, this is not a short movie. It sustains your interest throughout and the pacing is spot on. The 3D is not painful and doesn’t play at depth for depth sake.
Should you go?
Having only read reviews of the source material book (by Andy Weir) which grumble about the lack of action, I would say that this is not an issue with The Martian as a film. It is a pretty tense ride – interspersed with dialogue which never drops into the hack.
It takes between 150 and 300 days to reach Mars. The Martian doesn’t feel that long. 8.5 out of a possible warp factor of 10.
John doesn’t have any desire to go to Mars. He has trouble being motivated to go to Birmingham. Mrs L thinks that being an astronaut is a poor career choice. We both have the utmost respect for anyone who is crazy enough to go into space.
If you fancy reading the book then here is an affiliate link to Amazon – if you use it then I get a little commission too.Shelby Avenue Crusader
"Maxx"
Medium Australian Labradoodle
Sire: Doodle Lanes Firethorn
Dam: Shelby Avenue Lilikoi
Maxx is sweet and intuitive. He is always cocking his head, trying to understand human language. Once I asked him where my other sock was, holding the matching one, and he led me right to it. He learned to ring the bell for potty within minutes of showing him how. His ability to understand is amazing! He loves adventures and is always ready for a walk or a game of catch. Maxx lives with us in our home.
Hips OFA Good
Elbows Normal
CERF Normal
PrcdPRA Clear
Cardiac Normal
Patella's Normal
vWD Clear
EIC Clear
IC Carrier
Parti Carrier
Size Medium
Coat Fleece
Color Caramel Ice
Registration ALAA 058171When Jesus walked the earth, He was the talk of the town! Some people loved Him, some hated Him, but EVERYONE knew of Him and His message! He was the topic of conversation at dinner tables, religious centers, and town squares.
Jesus is NOT the talk of the town in most places on earth today. We keep Him and His message confined to buildings and programs. To experience Jesus, we require people to enter into a foreign structure, to take on foreign customs, and sing foreign songs. What feels so right to us, is completely foreign to those outside of our cultural Christianity.
Must a Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, Sikh, or Jew become “Christian,” to know the love and forgiveness of Jesus? Must they first convert to our culture before they can know the joy of having their sins forgiven through Jesus?
This dilemma is nothing new! The book of Acts records how Paul, James, and the early church fathers wrestled with this! These questions are not easy ones, because they pull at us at the very core of our personal Christian experience.
Global Gates missionaries minister, to once again make Jesus the talk of the town! We envision Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, Sikh, and Jewish households gossiping about Jesus, and the change that is happening among their family members, neighbors, and communities- a change that is not hidden away from the majority of the people. Join us in praying that Jesus will become the talk of the town in our communities!
Brad Wall
Assistant Director,
Global Gates NetworkPosted by Alexander from 92.52.26.24.cfl.rr.com (24.26.52.92) on Monday, March 10, 2003 at 6:46PM :
In Reply to: correction posted by Sadie from ? (160.129.27.22) on Monday, March 10, 2003 at 12:05PM :
We all have our good and bad sides. I was wondering specifically what it was that you did not like about saddam, just curious, that's all.:)
-- Alexander
-- signature .
Follow Ups:We all know that Obama has an affiliation with basketball that goes beyond that of a normal President.
It seems that these days we see interviews of him courtside more than we see him in the White House.
The leader of the United States of America is one for making himself popular to the new age of voters.
Social media has been a tool that Obama has embraced in the past and now it seems crazy TV shows have become the new thing to do.
Zach Galifianakis was the host for the President's appearance on the insane show Funny or Die.
Standard practice in this situation is to bring up Obama's love of sport.
The Hangover movie star jokingly poked fun at Obama in various ways during the ridiculous interview. See below for the transcript that CBS Sports brought to our attention.
Galifianakis: "You said if you had a son you would not let him play football. What makes you think he would want to play football? What if he was nerd like you?"
Obama: "Do you think a woman like Michelle would marry a nerd? Why don't you ask her if she thinks I'm a nerd."
Galifianakis: "Could I?"
Obama: "No. I'm not going to let her near you."
The NCAA Tournament is just weeks away, so naturally there was a question about basketball.
Galifianakis: "Is it going to be hard in two years when you're no longer president and people stop letting you win at basketball?"
Obama: "How does it feel having a three-inch vertical?"
Galifianakis: "It's a three-inch horizontal. So..."
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE:
Article CommentsEntertainment
Be Entertained at our Camden Hotel
Looking for something especially entertaining while staying at our hotel near Camden? Throughout the year, there are a wide variety of special events in the area, such as the North Atlantic Blues Festival, the Rockland Lobster Festival, and the Camden Film Festival. These are incredibly popular events that draw thousands of visitors from across the world!
Beyond the many popular events that take place in Camden and the surrounding area, there are other regular activities that are sure to delight, including a cruise on a historic schooner, a walking tour of downtown Camden, or a hike through Camden Hills.
Whether you’re interested in seeing the sites, or soaking in serenity in our Infinity edge pool and hot tub, there’s something for everyone to enjoy when staying at our Camden hotelI'm not sure if this belongs here, or the Linux forum, but here it goes:
What is/does the tios structure look like/do?
Reason for asking is that I'm trying to port code from a Linux program that I need inorder to run my program, and I don't quite understand what it is/does.I love the unique scalloped edges of these escort cards. The tented cards were strung along twine using teeny-tiny clothespins. I wrote each guest’s name in black calligraphy. My bridal client wanted the table assignments written inside the tented cards, which I think is a grand idea! These tented cards serve as very special folded notes, to be given to a dear friend.
The die-cut place cards below are made from gorgeous thick paper stock. I wrote the names in black calligraphy. The cards were tied to the napkins with twine and adorned with a sprig of rosemary. Lovely!
For the table name signs, I outlined the cards, by hand, in gold ink. I wrote the table names in calligraphy with a broad nib. The tables were named after the bride & groom’s favorite places. Here are photos of a few:
Hey, please check out the websites for these vendors. They rock.w/ 2 yr. agmt..
Smartphones have great features, but many people still love the convenience and reliability of a home phone. You can easily combine your Huntington Internet package with a home phone service so that you can benefit from both services at a low price.
With a home phone service through Frontier Communications in Huntington, you’ll be able to enjoy amazingly clear phone service without having to worry about charging a phone or getting cell reception. Plus, everyone in the family will be able to use the phone and its great features, such as 3-way calling, caller ID, and call waiting.
Frontier Communications in Huntington gives you access to high quality Digital TV, which allows you to access hundreds of all-digital and HD channels. Everyone in the house will get to watch whatever they want, whenever they want.
With Digital TV, your picture quality will be crystal clear. You’ll be jumping out of your seats watching the big game, shaking in your chair while watching a scary movie, and laughing out loud along with your favorite TV characters. Digital TV can be easily added to your package through the popular Huntington Internet bundles.
Now that people are spending more time online and keeping more files online, you need even greater protection to keep your data safe. With Frontier Secure, your Huntington Internet service will remain protected from any prying eyes. You can use the Internet as you normally would to share information, knowing that Frontier’s technology will be working to keep your information in the right hands.
Frontier Secure also provides 24/7 technical support so that you can access help at any time of day or night.“bodysnatchers”
“calculate the entropy”
“dry dreams”
“fear of the afterlife”
“feed the belly”
BIO
Says Michelangelo Mayo:
Fractured images and directionless drawings have fascinated me lately. The synthesis of compartmentalized small doodles and abrupt textures with randomized color schemes to make a composition deepened my compositions into a narrative filled with many stories and points of views. Moreover, I have also incorporated my fondness of “indie” music as I listened to my favorite new Spotify bands like Alvvays, The Wild Ones, Lola Marsh, War On Drugs etc. as I worked on my pieces. I have found that the shifting moods of the music and lyrics very insightful, guiding my thoughts to a poetic journey and to indescribable psychological places. I have attempted to capture these images that profoundly polluted my senses during my sessions.I filled in a gazillion little and not so little holes in the living room walls yesterday.
No, it doesn't stay pink. When it dries completely, it turns white.
After I paint over those spots, I'll paint over these missed areas on the floor boards. Reminder, never ask someone else to do the work if they don't really give a lovely shit. Do it yourself!! Rat Bastard!
After that is done, it's time to do something about this butt-ugly concrete floor. :)
It's all dry this morning.
It sure is hard to get motivated to finish a project when you never have a whole day off.
I have two chases to take care of this morning. I was hoping to get a few more, but since Thursday is Thanks Giving Day, I won't hold my breath. I probably won't have anything else until next week.
I finished the Hoodie/Scarf yesterday.
I'm going to take it to mom's and ask her to put it in the washer and then the dryer since my dryer kicked the bucket many months ago. I'm hoping that the dryer will soften up the yarn. The type of yarn I used made the Hoodie/Scarf a bit stiff and not as soft as I was hoping.
Thursday is one of my 4 days off this year, whoohoo. I'll be spending it with my mom and step-dad. Then Friday it's back to work.
I know it is only the ramblings and rants of one woman, but I would love to hear from you.Organised Labour in Abuja has relayed to the Federal Government that Nigerian masses were only enduring hard times in the hope that it would end corruption.
Speaking at the 10th Triennial National Delegates Conference of the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria, TUC, its President, Mr. Bobboi Kaigama, also lamented the exposed cases of corruption by actors in the last administration.
According to him, “Presently the economy of the country is in a very bad shape. We are in a period of stagnation with its attendant slow economic growth, high unemployment and rising prices. The country’s currency, the Naira is in a free fall. There is insecurity posed by Boko Haram insurgents, problem of herdsmen and Niger Delta militants, and a host of other ills bedevilling the country. In spite of all these challenges, however, we cannot afford to give up the struggle. But I see hope coupled with signals of a brighter future for our unborn generations. We will surely get there.”
According to him: “The theme of this Conference, “Labour and National Re-orientation: The Change we want” is apt and well crafted to reflect our present situation and steps needed to be taken to reshape the country and favourably reposition it to rank among the best in the comity of nations.
In a 15 page speech, Kaigama chronicled the socio-economic and political crises facing the country and concluded that corruption was the bane of the nation’s development.
He said: “The several mind-boggling corrupt cases we have at hand are eloquent testimonies to the fact that but for providence, the country would have since ceased to exist. Some people have cornered a large chunk of the wealth of the country to themselves and their cronies. In the past, we questioned the rationale behind any individual keeping two billion naira, but today such a question might be considered irrelevant as individuals even keep billions of dollars in soak-away pits, septic tanks and even buried them in the ground.
“The fight against corruption is on and we commend the present administration for the bold and courageous initiative. It is however necessary to state that more still need to be done effectively to sanitise the system.”
Speaking, Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said the Federal Government was aware of the hardships Nigerians were passing through and noted that the government was doing everything possible to lessen the sufferings the citizens were going through.
While reiterating that the rot left by the previous administration was enormous, he said “the present economic circumstances and the attendant hardships must be approached with new reorientation that these sacrifices we are all called to make at this point of our national life are needful to correct the misrule of the last administration and put our nation on a sustainable path of economic recovery.
“This government is sensitive to the current plight of Nigerians and had committed itself to ensuring that every possible effort must be made to ameliorate the present sufferings. In this regard, the palliatives contained in the 2016 Budget must be implemented with the highest sense of responsibility and patriotism. Nigerians must be restored to its former glory where citizens’ welfare is top on government’s priority.”
Be First to CommentWICHITA, Kan. After an officer-involved shooting, chase and crash Wednesday, , the man who helped police catch the suspect named Elijah Martinez, says God and police saved him from getting hurt.
The man says he has no regrets when it comes to following the suspect at high speeds after watching him steal mail.
"In my mind if I would have let it go... what if it was a 12-year-old kid walking out there, catching them in the mailbox, and what if (the suspect) would have pulled out his gun and shot the 12-year-old kid?" the man says.
The man says he believes God gave him strength and says he had a "weird calmness" as he followed the suspect.
"... And once again, it goes back to the good Lord. I believe he had his hand on me," he says.
The man and the suspect ended up at a business and at one point, the suspect motioned to him to come forward.
"He had hands in his pockets and I thought, 'okay', good Lord told me then, 'stay in your truck, don't get out, just stay in your truck,'" the man says.
He says the suspect ran back into the business, then officers arrived. He says police saved his life by blocking him as shots were fired.
The man says the suspect then jumped in his truck, leading to the chase that ended in the crash near Maple and Maize.
The man says police have his truck for evidence, but the vehicle is no longer driveable.1. I leave a baseball cap on the dash whenever I am driving the coach. I don’t wear it all the time but it sure comes in handy when the sun is low and shines thru the gap in our double automatic windshield shades
2. While we are on the subject of windshields. I replaced my stock Monaco wiper arms with ones with standard sized J-Hooks. I purchased them from Diesel Equipment Corp in Greensboro NC. Now I can use any length frameless replacement blade, easily purchased from an auto parts store or Wal-Mart.
3. Rescue Tape works as advertised. I carry three rolls of it, Red, Orange and Clear. It can fix a hose, a broken patio umbrella and there are lots of useful reasons to have a roll in a drawer.
Capillary action (sometimes capillarity, capillary motion, or wicking) is the ability of a liquid to flow in narrow spaces without the assistance of, and in opposition to, external forces like gravity.
Do you read that? Water can go against gravity, flow UP, if the conditions are there. So here is hint number four…it’s a bit long but I suggest you read it.
4. If you have a Monaco or Holiday Rambler coach with the rubber black gutters at the bottom of the side of each of your slideouts then you need to take a close look at the bottom of the floor of each slideout, especially the main one. That piece of rubber was installed to catch the water running down the side and not let it run under the slideout where it gets wicked up by the plywood floor. There is an exposed wooden edge underneath the main slideout that is well, too exposed. The rubber gutter helps to prevent a leak problem but it doesn’t quite do the trick. The gutter funnels a lot of water to the front bottom corner of the slideout causing the floor to delaminate and then it starts to soak up water and it swells and the cycle just gets worse until one day mushrooms are growing out the bottom of your slideout. Not good. I discovered this was happening to my coach. I had a lot of rotten wood which I blew out with an air compressor and then filled the void with spray in stop gap foam in a can. Then I glued a piece of rubber sweep over the edge of the slideout so the water could not defy gravity and run underneath any longer.
If you discover you have this problem you can limit the exposed edge of the floor by running a line of deck screws through the bottom of the floor until they are flush! Don't leave any exposed screw head or it will get caught when the slide goes in and cause a lot of grief.
5. That as seen on TV stuff called Flex Seal really works. A can of white or clear or both should be a must have for your RV emergency repair kit. It is great for sealing seams on slideout toppers and quick fixing a roof leak.
6. Learn where your ice maker shut of valve is located. You don’t want to be caught by surprise and have to turn off the campground water to your coach because you can’t figure out how to turn off the water to the icemaker…not to mention the damage a leak can do to your fridge electronics.
7. After you learn where your shutoff valve is, I suggest you replace the standard plastic tubing water supply line to your ice maker solenoid with a reinforced ice maker hose. Why risk a leak from a broken water line caused by the fact it moves when the coach moves? This part is available at Lowe’s for around 15 bucks depending on the length. I bought a six foot one. It took about twenty minutes to connect it. The line from the solenoid to the ice maker (the metallic blue in the picture) is not as critical. It is not under constant pressure.
8. If your fridge was part of the recall and you now have the heat sensor relay box installed I have a hint for you. Those boxes are known for tripping and not resetting. When that happens your fridge will not turn on unless you bypass the relay. I learned a trick...you can reset the relay with a magnet. Just rub it on the back of the box until you hear a click.
9. I have a rechargeable flashlight/night light plugged into a bathroom socket. Its in the middle of the coach and comes in handy during an emergency, like the dog needs to go out in the middle of the night and I don’t want to turn on the lights in the coach.
10. I carry a CharGriller table top grill. It is a small kettle grill with cast iron grates. Best portable charcoal grill you can get. It fits in the basement but large enough to cook a mean six pound beer can chicken. This grill is available on line or at Lowe’s for around sixty nine dollars.
11. Do you have a dog that likes to spend a lot of time on the dash? Diane and I made a custom fit dash mat. We purchased comfort rugs…those things that usually go in a kitchen or laundry room and are designed to be easy on the feet. They are made out of the same thing that mouse pads are made from…urethane rubber. We trimmed the rugs to fit around the instrument panel and it looks really good on the dash. The rubber clings to the dash so it is not necessary to attach the two mats together. Our new dash mat is really easy to clean. I used the left over scrap material to make some matching coasters and a mouse pad for the coach.
Well, that is all the hints I can think of at the moment. I suspect that some more will pop into my brain and I will add to this list if that happens.
Derrick
It is the day after Christmas and I have thought of a few more hints or tips.
12. If like most of us your shore power cord is not on a powered reel and you have to manually coil it up in your bay, then do so in the shape of a figure 8 not a circle. It is easier to work with the cord and it will not twist it and possibly damage it.
13. A lot of newer coaches no longer come with dash fans. I suggest you add one yourself. A 12 volt mini fan doesn't cost much and is easy to install as long as you can get to a power source. The fan will do a lot to keep the pilot cooler while going down the road especially when the dash AC vents are not positioned for the best air flow to the top half of the pilot and a big slideout behind the pilot blocks air from the roof to AC. Also a dash air keeps the windshield glass cooler (and the pup staring out of it) while parked on a hot day. It might just prevent a crack.from happening.
14. Last year I replaced our standard Winegard Sensor Batwing antenna with the newer Wingard Razar Air HDTV unit. It really works a lot better. Coupled with the SensarPro HDTV signal strength meter, I can pull in twice as many HD channels and am able to easily align the antenna for the strongest and clearest reception.
I purchased a six gallon locking lid trash/dry storage can from Lowes. This can serves two purposes, make that three. We store bagged up trash in it, drop the doggie mess bags in it and I store our sometimes very wet but always dirty door mat in it (I roll it up first)while traveling. The can fits into the first bay next to the steps.Careful with this one - can be slippery when wet. I suppose you what to know how to get it on the desktop now. Setting the background as your desktop wallpaper can be done in a number of'. You'll have a flash of inspiration when the time comes. I think you have it in you. In fact you probably already know. I'll keep a lid on it now.
Return to wallpaper thumbnails.
Return to wallpaper thumbnails.Calvin Schneck
02/24/2017
Cross Country Places 17 on PL Honor Roll
Three Leopards finish with perfect 4.0 GPA's
09/03/2016
Moore and Sadvary Set the Tone at 2016 Opener
Sophomores Emily Moore and David Sadvary were the first Leopards to cross the finish line
09/02/2016
Leopards Off to the Races in 2016
An experienced core of runners return for the Leopards this season.
Play more.
Question comformity.
Reach for the stars.
Speak your truth.
Take personal responsibility.
Understand more, judge less.
Volunteer your time.
Walk through fear.
X-perience the moment.
Yearn for grace.
Be zany.
Meiji Stewart.New Jersey State Police at Washington arrested a Phillipsburg man and a Toms River, N.J., man early Thursday for possession of cocaine, marijuana and methamphetamines.
Jay Richi, 28, of Phillipsburg, and Nick Ranco, 29, of Toms River, were arrested after the vehicle in which they were passengers was stopped for speeding on the Asbury-West Portal Road in Bethlehem Township, Hunterdon County, shortly after 1 a.m.
The two were observed reaching into their pockets by the arresting officer, and a search revealed 28 grams of marijuana, 5 grams of cocaine and the methamphetamines.
They were committed to Hunterdon County Jail pending arraignment.Products Category
Name: Cassie.Huang
Tel: +86-755-27864416
Mobile: 15989366182
Skype: live:cassie_1191
QQ: 2850818618
Company News >> CPT's sixth-generation TFT-LCD production line, the first piece of 5.2-inch products lit success 5th,Apr,2017
The 6th generation TFT-LCD production line project was completed smoothly. The first 5.2 inch product of the project was lit on March 31, 2017, and the project was built on March 31, 2017. Success, marking the successful product trial production. Follow-up products will continue to provide customers with certification, to be certified after the mass production by customers
Huajia Choi 6th generation TFT-LCD production line project is one of the 2016 billion investment projects, a total investment of 12 billion yuan, the main production to metal oxide (IGZO) TFT-LCD-based small Size display device. Metal oxide technology panel with high electron mobility, low power consumption, high yield and many other advantages, easier to achieve high-resolution, flexible display and other new market demand is the future of high-end display one of the most important panel technology.
Huajia Cai has a number of mature management team and R & D team, master a large-scale TFT-LCD products produced by the system technology, with more than 320 panel patents; in the production line line, equipment installation commissioning, project acceptance, production process debugging , Mass production, quality control, equipment and raw materials procurement and other technical operation and management has a wealth of practical experience. Huajia Cai project since May 9, 2016 plant construction to the first piece of product lit in less than 11 months, its efficiency and experience advantages.
CPT has now formed a liquid crystal module based on both touch components and touch the one-stop product strategic layout. The company said that the future will continue to strive to improve product qualification rate, optimize the process and reduce costs, through the formation of training Huaying its own technical strength and technological innovation system to promote product independent research and development design, product more in line with customer specifications and Quality Assurance.Amani ya Juu: Making a Difference for Women, and How to Help!
So in this week’s very touching episode we pay a visit to a place called Amani ya Juu in Nairobi. And we sincerely hope you’ll take a few minutes to watch it, so you can get a good idea of exactly what Amani is about, and get to know some of the courageous women there. It really is good stuff.
But there’s so much about Amani that we couldn’t include in the video, and so much more we could tell you. A lot of it you’ll find on the Amani website:, but here’s a little bit more information that we hope will stir your interest in the program and maybe, just maybe, compel you to get involved (details on that below). Check it out:
Spreading “Peace from Above”
This year Amani celebrates its 19th year in existence, during which time they’ve made a positive change in the lives of hundreds of women from across different parts of Africa and their families. But it’s most definitely not a huge “machine” of a program. In 2014 for example, six women graduated from the Amani program and eight new women joined the program. So the program is still relatively small, which allows it to retain an intimate, close-knit and loving family feel.
“My favorite part is hearing the testimonies of the ladies,” said Maggie, who works in the boutique store in Nairobi (and is the lovely woman hugging Nik at the end of the video). “I’m thinking I’m the one who has gone through so much pain. When I hear their testimonies it make me realize they’ve gone through much worse pain, like losing their loved ones. The woman is broken-hearted. But when she comes to see she’s loved, she’s so happy. Then we all join together as a family to praise the Lord.”
And to make the experience more personal for customers, each and every product made at Amani comes with a tag that bears the name of the woman who made it, and the country she comes from. Which serves as an excellent reminder of two important facts: not only are these products made skillfully by the hands of an actual person, but by buying that product you’re also helping that person – and the other women like her in the program – build a better life for herself and her families.
And all of the products that are made at Amani – the handbags, the home decor, jewelry, clothing, etc. – are made from local African materials, including cow bone, sea glass beads, even porcupine quills! And they have dozens of band-batiked and screen printed fabrics. And it’s beautiful, high-quality stuff.
“Every time you buy a product it makes a difference in someone’s life,” said Maggie. “You give hope to each one of us, the ladies.”
So no, this is most definitely not stuff that’s produced by neglected women and children in a sweatshop somewhere in a windowless building in the slums of Kenya. Quite the opposite in fact. Amani is a member of the Fair Trade Federation, which ensures that each of the women in the program is paid a proper wage, which she can then use to support herself and/or her family. Some of the women have even graduated from the program and gone on to start businesses of their own! And we can attest – during our visit to Amani in Nairobi we saw nothing but support and positivity and love among the women there.
Get Involved!
So if you’re touched as we were by the Amani story and would like to get involved, you can actually do so from the comfort of your home, and in the company of your family and friends, by hosting an Amani box party! When you sign up, Amani will send you a box of their authentic, handmade African products that you can then sell to family, friends, co-workers, etc. And what you don’t sell you can ship right back to Amani. It’s a fun, free and easy way to get everybody together, have a great time, buy some great stuff, and support a great program. Everybody wins. 🙂
And again, for more information – or to shop online – definitely check out the Amani website by clicking here. And if you just so happen to find yourself in Nairobi one day, we hope you’ll take a second to drop by and visit the ladies at the center. You’ll be glad you did! And do us a favor and tell them that Nik and Dusty send their love. 🙂
Cheers y’all! A new adventure begins soon!The media promotes celbrits, consumerism, Sensationalism, sandal, intercourse tapes and the whole bit. Skilled Vision Technologies is currently accepting resumes for a variety of positions. He creates enhancements in image processing, cellular processing hardware, and Pc Imaginative and prescient software by making computationally demanding algorithms run successfully on cell, equivalent to multi-camera processing, computational pictures, six degrees of focus, cell 3D reconstruction, and extra.
Steve Jobs is maybe an early visionary of this sort of computation, but I might recommend that we’d like way more analysis and thought devoted to developing this type of computation that is so built-in with our every day lives. For extra particulars, check out the blinkID internet page, or contact us instantly to discuss how one can optimize your use case with mobile imaginative and prescient.
My honest thanks to Professional Imaginative and prescient Technologies for their creative design. It is very important recognize what these emerging applied sciences are designed like and crafted to do. They miniaturize our lives right into a gadget that covers all the areas we would have had to try to cowl in a myriad activities into one gadget. My deepest gratitude goes to Professional Imaginative and prescient Applied sciences for serving to Swayam Learning this way.
Therefore IoT relies on some key applied sciences and the per technology characteristics are outlined per target utility of the IoT. Another report, ‘World Machine Imaginative and prescient and Imaginative and prescient Guided Robotics Market (2010-2015)’ revealed just lately by US primarily based Marketsandmarkets predicts vital progress for the machine vision and associated elements market all through the world throughout this period.Name of product/article
T39EL | Towel warmer
Type
Vertical towel warmer
T39EL - Towel warmer – electric.
VOLA build-in modular heated towel rail for individual design solutions.
A modular system of bars to be positioned according to customer requirements. Height between 500 and 2100 mm.
Individual number of bars with center distance between 100 and 300 mm.
With step-less temperature regulation between 20 and 50 degrees C.
Self-closing timer setting after two hours at full power (50 degrees C).
Power consumption: 10W per bar.
Supplied with 3 metres of cable H05VV-F
(for build-in part).
Must be installed by a qualified electrician.Kim Kardashian’s BFF Brittny Gastineau Brutally Beaten
Brittny Gastineau, former reality star from The Gastineau Girls, and daughter of former NY Jets defensive end, Mark Gastineau, has been thrust into the spotlight once again–this time with a black eye. Brittny was involved with an altercation at a West Hollywood Hotel.
Brittny stepped back out onto the town last night, her black eye healing from what has been called a significant incident of domestic battery. The name of her assailant has yet to be released, but it is now widely accepted as the well-know artist, Marquis Lewis. Lewis is also known as the street-artist, Retna. The Los Angeles-based artist is widely accepted as one of the most influential mural and graffiti artists in the world.
Now, let’s set the stage. After undergoing a significant, reconstructive knee surgery, Marquis Lewis checked into the London Hotel in West Hollywood. It has been confirmed that Marquis and Brittny are dating. Or were. Probably a good chance this could have ended the good will, but then, in 2014, people just can’t get enough of the beat downs.
In fairness, there are two sides to this the story. The fact remains, Marquis Lewis was under the influence of pain medication, and could not walk without the aid of crutches during this brutal beating. In other words, he was laid up. He claims that this was a case of “mutual combat,” and that Brittny actually started the altercation. He also took a serious beating: black eye, cuts to his face and ear, busted work hand–it was an ugly incident.
Lewis also maintains that neither are pressing charges, and that they’re “cool” with one another.
Check out the video below to see Brittny out and about with her black eye.
Also Check Out: The 7 Photos Kim Kardashian Doesn’t Want You To See!I am presenting a workshop today at Oxford Brookes University as part of the ASKe CETL Meeting on Institutional Policies and Procedures for Managing Student Plagiarism. In the workshop I will explore the work that Jon Scott and I recently completed for the Higher Education Academy which reviewed the literature surrounding the use of electronic deteciton of plagairism in HE (‘Dealing with plagairism in the digital age‘).
Advertisements
One thought on “Reviewing the evidence for the effectiveness of electronic plagiarism detection systems”
Hope it went wellParent Student Directory
The updated Parent-Student Directory is now available on this website. The Directory contains the policies and procedures of Christ the Teacher Catholic School. The school may change any of its policies and procedures and apply them as circumstances dictate. Students and parents must accept and abide by the school’s policies and procedures in order for the student to attend the school. We ask that parents become familiar with all that is contained in it. It is also important to discuss the school policies with your children.
Newsletter
The school newsletter is published frequently from August until June. All issues of the newsletter and the school calendar along with other important information are e-mailed to parents regularly.
Newsletters are e-mailed to parents at least once a week..
Student Grades
Parents of students from Grades 3-8 have regular access to their child’s academic grades via PowerSchool Grading. Click on the link below “PowerSchool Grading.” Then input your child’s user name and password.WICHITA, Kan. Eyewitness News hears from a man who says he owns the business where suspect Elijah Martinez exchanged gunfire with Wichita police Wednesday morning.
The man says he was working at his west Wichita business, near Central and Gilda, when theft suspects, Martinez and a woman, came in.
The man asked not to be identified but did want to share his story of how he was able to get out safely and about a police officer he says was a hero for confronting the suspect (Martinez) inside his business.
The business owner says he knew something was wrong after the female suspect walked into his business.
"I asked her what happened. She said somebody (was) chasing her," the man says.
He told the woman to go down to the end of a hallway inside his business. Soon after that, the male suspect, later identified as Martinez, walked in. He realized the two suspects knew each other and told them he was calling police.
"(Martinez) said, 'don't call police, I'll give you money,'" the man says. "I said, 'I don't need your money.'"
At that point, the man says he decided to get outside and call police, but officers had already arrived. He credits one officer's bravery for walking into his business, unaware of what could be waiting for him inside.
"...And then I start to hear, boom, boom, boom," the man says. "That's the gunfire starting in the building."
The business owner says he and another man ran to a neighboring business that let them come inside. He says gunfire was exchanged for several minutes and guessed he heard about 15 shots total.
"I'm very happy and lucky that the police (were) already here," the man says. "Otherwise, a guy with a gun... he can do anything."
The man says he is thankful for two things. First, that he was able to keep calm when he knew something was wrong.
"When I got away, I felt a little scared. But then I feel at peace because if you keep in the threatened or surreal moment, you won't keep calm and you'll maybe make the wrong choice."
Most importantly, he's thankful for an officer he calls a hero, the man who rushed into the business to confront the situation.
"(The officer) only asked me, 'where are they?'" He doesn't even know exactly what happened in there, but he just walked in," the man says. "He is very brave."
The business owner also wanted to say 'thank you' to the business next door who brought him in after he ran from his business. He says the man who ran with him was the homeowner who followed the suspects after he says they stole his mail.
Wednesday night, Martinez remains in a Wichita hospital where he's being treated for injuries sustained in the gunfire exchange with police. The Wichita Police Department says Martinez suffered a gunshot wound to his lower jaw.….thanks to Cee for hosting Share Your World
When do you feel most connected with others?
I feel most connected to people during those quiet one on one conversations over a cup of coffee or tea. I like that intimate personal time with people where you can really get to know them.
Tea and Panettone
What daily habit would you like to introduce to your life?
I would like to do one creative activity every day. I paint and read sporadically now but I’d like to be more consistent. I’d also like to do some volunteer work.
What one mini-little-adventure would you like to have in the coming week?
This week I’d like to visit the art gallery or the museum. It’s a long weekend here in Canada and sometimes it’s a good time to visit places in the city because so many people head north to open their cottages.
List things or events that changed your Life: It could be as simple as a book or meeting a certain person?
• meeting my husband 43 years ago
• the birth of my children
• graduating from university and becoming a teacher
• the death of my mother
• meeting my best friends AB in 1976 and LC in 1989
• learning to drive when I was in my 20s
• my first art class where I learned how to paint with watercolour
• building a cottage next to my good friend DM
• the birth of our first grandchild
Bonus question: What are you grateful for from last week, and what are you looking forward to in the week coming up?
I’m grateful for being able to continue on my weight loss journey and for the support of my husband and my friends at work. My husband has lost 26 pounds and I’m down 18. My new passport arrived this week and I can check off one more thing from my to do list before I go to Italy in July. I’m also grateful that my photo isn’t the worst passport photo that I’ve ever taken. I have to live with it for the next 10 years.
For the rest of the week I’m looking forward to our girls’ soccer tournament on Friday, visiting our daughter and her family in Hamilton on Saturday and seeing my older daughter on Sunday or Monday. Since it’s the long weekend here I’m also looking forward to planting some things in the garden and firing up the barbecue for a meal or two. It’s also suppose to be a spectacular weekend, weather wise.
Here are a few photos from this past week.
congrats on being with your man for 43 years! woo hoo
and I have to tell you- the tea and toast photo looks exactly like what my lunch was for a long time – I loved tea and toast and seriously, I have Crate and Barrel mugs similar – so when I saw this in your post I felt an instant connection with you….
and love your photos forms he week – so artsy – have a nice weekend
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks Yvette. I haven’t eaten ‘tea and toast’ or any kind of bread or cake in over 2 months. Both my husband and I are on a very restrictive food program to get healthier and thinner. So far it’s working but we’re hoping that at some point we’ll be able to reintroduce some of the foods we’re currently not allowed to eat. It’s the simple things like tea and toast that I miss. I’m not craving sugar but some time this summer I’d like to indulge in an ice-cream cone.
LikeLiked by 1 person
oh wow – I can really relate – and in my mind I miss some of the “standard american diet” items – ha!
anyhow, best wishes to you and the hubs with your changes – and one thing I know for sure is that the little things add up!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Such a lovely post. Especially loved your best moments 😊
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks Jodi. My best moments always come back to family.
LikeLiked by 1 person
indeed!!! 🙂
I really liked reading your responses this week Carol. I just get a sense of a lot of happiness. 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks Cee. I think overall I’m a pretty happy person and mostly content with my life.Summary: Cause of death by age group and ICD International Classification of Disease (ICD-10) Chapter and Sub-chapter
This database reports the number of deaths, crude death rates, and age-adjusted death rates by race in the U.S., states, and all counties by International Classification of Disease, Version 10 (ICD-10) Chapters and Sub-chapters. See ICD-10 for complete descriptions of cause of death categories.
For confidentiality reasons, death totals of less than ten are suppressed and are indicated with an asterisk (*). Crude death rates and age-adjusted death rates are indicated as unreliable (U) when the death count is less than 20. NA indicates that data are Not Available, i.e., no data for the requested search criteria were reported by the CDC.
Geographic Coverage: U.S., States, Counties
Periodicity: Annually
Series Begins/Ends: 1999 - 2015
Data Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)TEDxDelft 2015-2016 | TEDxDelft salon | Sofia Teixeira de Freitas
“Would you prefer to to fly in an aircraft which was glued together, or in one that was bolted together?” Sofia Teixeira de Freitas, Assistant Professor at TU Delft, asks. She is convinced that adhesive bonding will make travel by air both cheaper and greener, and just as safe as planes made with nuts and bolts.
Teixeira studied at the Instituto Superior Técnico in Lisbon, Portugal, where she received a master’s degree in Civil Engineering. She then attended TU Delft where she earned her PhD in the same field. It was during this period that she became interested in joining solutions, which she would continue to work on while focussing on the aircraft industry. Teixeira has since been awarded a young talent innovation award by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, as well as a Delft Technology Fellowship.
“Adhesive bonding has been used for several years instead of, or together with, rivets in conventional metal aircraft,” she explains. The same methods used for planes made from metal have been used for composite aircraft. Teixeira is convinced that improvements can be made to the construction process, with new ways for designing the joints to be used in conjunction with glue, without hampering performance. Which in turn will lead to benefits for everyone. “Glue can be the key for making air traffic cheaper and greener.”
It is an idea that Teixeira is eager to share at the upcoming salon. Though people might not have as much trust in glue as they do in riveting, Teixeira is convinced that the benefits of this construction method will help change people’s minds.
If you are interested in hearing more about why glue is better than rivets, come join us and listen to Teixeira’s talk during the next TEDxDelft salon at Theater de Veste on Sunday October 25 at 15:00.It’s Christmas Time in the City (of Beijing)
The air is cold, the dulcet tones of the old traditional carols echo through the shopping malls, lavishly ornamented conifers are everywhere, and the benign face of Santa Claus stares out from every restaurant window. ‘Tis the season here in Beijing, indeed.
Christmas decoration outside Xizhimen shopping centre, Beijing.
I’m exaggerating, of course – not quite every restaurant has Santa Claus on the premises. However, the right jolly old elf is ubiquitous at the moment, as are Christmas trees, Christmas carols (often sung in chirpy Mandarin) and Christmas decorations. This is all the more surprising because China has few Christians, the prevailing organised religious currents being Taoist, Buddhist and Confucian. There are also plenty of Muslims, especially in the western “autonomous region” of Xinjiang, and many Chinese practice a “folk religion” that revolves largely around ancestor worship and the veneration of legendary figures such as the Yellow Emperor and the hero Guan Yu. Others have no religion at all.
Despite the low profile of Christianity in China, Beijing has embraced Christmas with remarkable equanimity. Signs around the city, printed in English, are much more likely to say “Merry Christmas” than “Season’s Greetings” or “Happy Holidays”, even though Canadians would regard these rather anaemic alternatives as more culturally inclusive and less closely shackled to Christian tradition. The explanation, I suspect, is simply that the Chinese see the West enjoying a mysterious festival called “Christmas” and are eager to join the fun. They have no interest in adopting the religious aspects along with the music, the decorations, and the holiday atmosphere, but they also have no need to pretend that they are importing some vague “holiday season” rather than a specific celebration. The “War on Christmas” has no traction in China.
As an atheist with a strong sentimental attachment to Christmas, I find this approach highly congenial, and I would like to see it adopted more widely in Canada. Aside from its explicit religious associations, Christmas has become so ingrained in Western culture over the centuries that it seems bizarre and ahistorical to wish people “Happy Holidays”, particularly when we all know that “the holidays” would not exist if not for Christmas. I would much rather wish friends and relatives “Merry Christmas”, put up a nativity scene in a nod to Christian mythology, deck the halls with evergreen boughs in observance of much older Western traditions about the persistence of life and vitality through deathly winter, and then unwrap some presents. Meanwhile, Christians can darken the doors of churches and continue to actually believe those touching old stories about the virgin birth and the choirs of angels. The two approaches can coexist perfectly well, with each other and with the complete indifference of people for whom Christmas has neither religious nor cultural appeal.
Speaking of Christmas, I’ll be leaving soon to spend a couple of weeks with my parents and grandparents in Victoria, B.C. There may be a blog post or two, but at this point I won’t promise to put up anything new before January.
Scott — One of the things that surprises me about Christmas with Chinese Characteristics is that, if anything, it’s somewhat less consumerist than our Canadian version. The shopping malls aren’t really any more crowded than usual, and I get the impression that the practice of giving presents on Christmas is just starting to catch on here.
I fully agree that “Merry Christmas” shouldn’t offend anyone, and that it’s nice to see a drift away from the religious aspects. So Merry Christmas, in a purely cultural sense, and I’ll see you in the New Year!
Actually Cor, I think the Chinese (read: consumer) version of Christmas may prove to be a better mirror of Christmas in North America than the traditional Dickensian (see: Its a Wonderful Life) notion of a Christian Christmas. Every year, I’ve found Christmases in Canada are becoming more agnostic than religious, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I feel as if the majority of Canadians are moving away from the religious aspects of Christmas and toward the ‘goodwill to all men and peace on earth’ aspects.
(Caveat: Mind you, I’m an agnostic who actually celebrates the family-and-friends part of Christmas instead of that pizazz about the birth of Christ, so I see this as an encouraging trend.)
Personally, I think most non-Christians (incl. religious non-Christians) understand the benign intent of ‘Merry Christmas’, which is essentially synonymous with: good health, cheers, best wishes, congratulations, etc, and in fact, appreciate the sentiment. Most of my non-Christian friends don’t take offense at it; in fact, last year I received a Christmas card from a Sikh family.
My Christmas wish is that hopefully one day, we’ll have the emotional maturity to not care about benignly intended words (PC be damned) and actually be able to talk about substantive issues.- A rapid template development framework
About Me
Golf Information
I Need To Work On
Handicap3
Home Course
Best Score
Favorite Player
Best ShotHIO - #14 Desert Rose in LV.
Favorite Tournament
Favorite Golf Books5 Lessons, Golf in the Kingdom, Extraordinary Golf
Ideal FoursomeShoemaker, Irons and my buddy Scott.
What's In My Bag
What's In My Bag - More Details910D3
909f3
909h
MB 3-P
Vokey's
SC Newport
Contact Information
State/Province
City / Town
Country
Groups
Chuck
- Karma
- Member sinceSunday, 28 March 2010 21:17
- Last online6 years ago
- Profile views1,836 views
- Profile TypeGolfer
- Mike Maves and {target} are now friends7 years ago
- Chuck added a new comment on the video My swing at 240 fps, hybrid.Sam thanks. This is the first time I've navigated through here or I'd have responded sooner. (Thanks to Linden.) I used a Casio Exilim FH25 camera on the 240 fps setting. It does up to 1000 fps but the image quality degrades too much for a golf swing.
Chuck
00:24My swing at 240 fps, hybrid.I hit this one well, but I've been fighting a two way miss.8 years ago
- Hey Chuck, Thanks for the add. How's it going? How long have you been playing golf?8 years ago
- Steve Hill and {target} are now friends8 years ago
- Geoff Mangum and {target} are now friends8 years ago
Chuck 'Guide'.
Found 13 results.
Information On Castle Crashers Remastered For Steam
U-Knighted posted a topic in Castle Crashers RemasteredI felt inspired to write a guide today, so here it is: EDIT: Updated with more relevant information to the steam port.
Guide To Mana Cost And Mechanics
Aichomancer posted a topic in Castle CrashersCopy and pasted from Mana Cost and Mechanics, a page that I wrote on the Castle Crashers Wikia. NOTE: This may not be 100% accurate. As of now this is the most accurate analysis any individual has produced, to my own knowledge. If you have any criticisms then pleas by all means post them in the comments so that I can update the information. Splash Attacks Splash attacks are the most diverse form of magic; even at level 1, the characters are still drastically different from each other to the point that there's still plenty of material to build a tier list off of. Standard - 9 Casts Per Mana Bar This is the cheapest form of mana regeneration, used by the majority of the characters in the game. With +5 magic it's boosted to 12 casts. If you don't see a character in the following sections, then you can infer that they use this form of mana regeneration, however most notably Fencer, Industrialist, Ninja, Fire Demon, Brute, and Snakey use this magic. Sustained - 6 Casts Per Mana Bar Characters with sustained magic use this form of mana regeneration. If it's not sustained, then it takes 1/6 of the player's mana away. With +5 magic it's boosted to 8 casts. Bear, Saracen, and Red Knight use this form of mana regeneration. These splash attacks appear to be disadvantageous, or even terrible at first, but Bear and Saracen can use their magic to perform unique juggle combos, and are potentially the most efficient characters for killing normal-sized enemies. Red Knight's magic makes him a decent support character, similar to King. Expensive - 2 Casts Per Mana Bar This is the most expensive form of mana regeneration, used by only a few of the characters in the game. This cost is in exchange for unparalelled crowd control, or some other benefit. Important Note: This form of mana regeneration. Blue Knight, Iceskimo, and Pink Knight use this form of mana regeneration. Aerial Splash Attacks The same as normal splash attacks, just casted from the air. Only certain characters use this form of magic. Ice Shards - 2 Casts Per Mana Bar Blue Knight is the only character who uses this attack. Important Note: This form of attack. Airborne Tornado - 9 Casts Per Mana Bar Saracen and Bear are the only characters who use this. Unlike its use on the ground, this has normal cost. Most of the time the player will use it for juggling. With +5 magic, it can be casted 8 times. Airborne Frogglet Blacksmith uses this attack. Literally the only difference between this and another air projectile is that it does half as much damage. It can hit multiple enemies, but it's still not that useful because it just knocks the enemies flat on their backs rather than up into the air so your teammates can juggle them.Projectiles Projectiles are much less varied than splash attacks, almost to the point that they have little to no impact on gameplay with only a few exceptions. Note: Both styles of bombs fall at a 60 degree angle in the air, causing them to hit enemies standing under the player, unlike projectiles at a 45 degree angle. Standard - 9 Casts Per Mana Bar This is what most characters use. It's just a generic ball that does damage, nothing special at all. Unless the ball is ice, fire, poison, or moves faster than normal -- with the four speedy exceptions being Ninja, Iceskimo, Alien, and Necromancer -- then it does nothing of interest, making projectiles practically useless for most of the characters that use this type, aside from the aforementioned exceptions. It can be casted 12 times with +5 magic. If a character isn't listed in one of the other sections, then it can be inferred that they're standard. Bomb Style (Fire) Gray Knight, Royal Guard, and Conehead use this projectile. Bombs are potentially the most powerful projectile in the game in terms of bonuses, special effects, and other unique qualities, and are even better than that in terms of their lack of disadvantages, which is none at all. Important Note: Considering range a disadvantage for bombs is like saying that a Jedi is at a disadvantage to a Stormtrooper in Star Wars. Bomb Style (Non-Elemental) Pink Knight, Necromancer, and Hatty Hattington use this projectile. These aren't nearly as powerful as bombs, but Pink Knight's projectiles can critical hit. Necromancer's projectile is different from a bomb, but there are still strong similarities. His Projectile is the fastest of all, and when casted from the air, it doesn't break on the ground, and unlike bombs, it travels to the end of the screen. It's easily one of the most useful projectiles for players who are good at levitation, as it can be used effectively for aerial combat, in a situation where the player can't afford to take any more damage. Note: Hatty doesn't use his bomb-style projectile on the ground, but he uses the standard format of projectiles on the ground. Reduced Damage (Non-Elemental) Alien is the only character that uses this; it moves faster than normal projectiles, and it can be casted three times the normal rate. The only problem with this is that it wastes mana to do so instead of actually timing the casting like everyone else, because no matter what an enemy can't be hit if it's still on the ground, so any excess shots are just wasted.Alternate Splash Attack - 6 Casts Per Mana Bar Saracen is the only character that uses this; it knocks enemies up in the air to either take fall damage, or be juggled. It can be casted 8 times with +5 magic. XXXY Combos All XXXY combos use no mana at all. There are six different types: default, lightning, fire, poison, ice, and non-elemental. Magic Jumps All magic jumps use the same amount of mana, and aside from ice, poison, and fire, they're all the same. The only exception, is the fact that Iceskimo has an advantage over Blue Knight, and vice versa, depending on the situation. Magic Jumps technically have no cost, as they fully recharge before you can use another, but they otherwise could be casted 9 times from a full mana bar.!
U-Knighted's Complete Guide To Having The Most Fun In Battleblock Theater
U-Knighted posted a topic in General Discussion - STEAM & XBLA"It's gonna be a ton of fun!" Battleblock Theater is the best game ever, on the planet. But, have you ever asked yourself, "Is there a way I can make this game the most fun, ever?" Yes, you can. And here's how, in just 7 easy steps. (NOTE: This is NOT a guide to beating the game. This is a guide to having the most fun as possible!) STEP 1: Plan it This guide is mostly for people new to Battleblock, but returning users can use it, too! Something I do recommend is either resetting your data, using another account, or just trying the whole thing again. (Not resetting your data, and just playing campaign again.) Once you've chosen one of these, you can start planning. Yes, even though some people think otherwise, you can plan fun. Choose a night that you can play -- I recommend weekends, of course. Make sure your friend (yes, it's almost essential to have a friend to have the most fun in BBT.) can come that day. Of course, make your play space is comfortable, and no one will interrupt. Set up some snacks, sitting on the couch playing video games can get you hungry. Obviously, grab some drinks. Soda, chocolate milk -- pretty much the best drinks you can find. STEP 2: "Kill your friend and grab the jem!" Friends are almost essential. I recommend playing on XBOX 360, mainly because instead of being huddled in front of a computer, you can sit back and be relaxed. I definitely do not recommend online play. Why? Maybe you want to actually have full communication, instead of relying on mics. Plus, you can share those snacks you set up. Besides, friendship shouldn't be over screens, your friend should be with you, and should interact face to face. STEP 3: Choose your mode What will mode do you like the most? I don't recommend level editing if your going for a night of fun and laughter. (unless the levels your making are completely ridiculous.) Here are the top 3 things to do: 3. Complete it all This is only for advanced players. Have you finished the campaign? Cool! You earned the prize of awesomeness! Want to earn the prize of awesomeness beyond comprehension? COMPLETE IT. For example, unlock all the heads, unlock all the star heads, beat all the time levels, buy all the weapons (which you probably have already done in the normal campaign) or beat insane mode. This is a very fun task to do with friends, me and my friend pulled an all-nighter doing it, and we still aren't finished. 2. Arena This mode is great for a group. Unlike campaign when you can only have up to 2 players, you can have up to 4! It brings out your competitive spirit, and it's a ton of fun! I highly suggest ball game, it's my personal favorite! 1. Campaign My friend and I spend countless nights of laughter and rage completing the campaign. It's great to do with friends. Here's some tips: Don't skip the cut-scenes unless you've seen them before, they're super funny. Don't play some levels while your friend isn't. If you didn't get the campaign done in that one night of fun that we planned in step 1, plan another one! Invite your friend for more amazing fun! Plus, it's much better to play together! STEP 4: Don't take it to seriously This is quite possibly the most important step. Don't play BBT so you get a perfect A++ score, play it for fun. Now, if you get something like a C then that's completely unacceptable. Go back and do the level again. Just kidding. Play for the fun, not the grade. Sure, a little challenge or friendly competition is alright, just nothing to a point where your playing the same level millions of times until you get a perfect grade. You died? So what! You're rewarded with big laughs and, of course, a funny quote from the narrator. Feel free to push your friend into the spikes, he/she won't mind. STEP 5: No rush Battleblock Theater isn't fun at all if you rush through it, skipping cut-scenes, punching your friend because he/she is going to slow. DO NOT RUSH IT. You'll be sad when the story of friendship will be over. Make the most of it. Who cares if you and your friend are stuck on one puzzle for a half an hour, all that matters is that you're having fun! Like I said in step 3, don't play when your friend isn't. It's better to play levels together! STEP 6: Additional Settings Here's some helpful settings to better your experience. You can set how common the narrator speaks! I recommend Blabbermouth, because if this is set on, the narrator speaks more! Have fun laughing at his funny comments! (You can do this for the crowd, too! The higher the setting, the more they clap for your amazing deaths!) I also suggest subtitles, so you'll never miss a joke in the cut-scenes! STEP 7: Plan another night! The title says it all: do it again! Try to make the most of Battleblock Theater! Conclusion So, just so you guys know, I CANNOT tell you how to have fun. These are just a few tips that a lot of people I know use! I hope all find these helpful, and, if you have any ways you like to have fun with your friends, let me know! BONUS ROUND Let's have some more fun! Fan Vs. Vacuum Cleaner Credit goes to Jamma003! You and your friend should do something stupid. Ad least once in your friendshipy quest, have one friend have the vacuum, and the other a fan, then use them at the same time. Epic things will happen.!.
Should I Make An Ultimate Story Mode Guide?
The Forgotten Knight posted a topic in Castle CrashersSo Castle Crashers has been out for 4 or 5 years now and I'm wondering if its time to create a mega story mode guide which covers every secret and useful tip during gameplay level by level. Doing so would take time and require countless revisions as people provide input or fact checks on platform variations. I'm just wondering if people in the community think its worthwhile or not?
How to Prevent Data Loss
The Forgotten Knight posted a topic in Castle CrashersThe Forgotten Knight's Guide to Preventing Data Loss Data.Changing version powered by a 3.0-litre V6 TFSI turbocharged 349bhp petrol engine.
The latest Q5 range with 2.0-litre TFSI, 2.0-litre TDI and 3.0-litre TDI engines, all with automatic transmissions and quattro all-wheel drive, range in price from £38,035 up to £45,835 through SE, Sport and S line spec levels depending upon the engine chosen. The SQ5 has its own one high level of spec and costs £51,200.
The outgoing SQ5 TDI turbodiesel accounted for around 20% of Q5 sales in the UK so there was no shortage of affluent customers wanting a high spec, pacey, potentially fuel efficient SUV. However early orders for the new SQ5 V6 TFSI turbocharged petrol variant are accounting for 10% of new Q5 sales say Audi UK.
That will equate to around 1,000 sales by the end of this year. Launch timings for a future SQ5 TDI are to be confirmed and Audi says it made sense to fill the void whilst a new TDI engine was being developed to offer the TFSI petrol engine instead. Global demand will dictate whether or not the two engine options will run concurrently in future.
Actually to call the Q5 a Sports Utility Vehicle doesn’t do justice to its high specification, high class interior quality or to its main role in life as a relatively roomy five door practical family car with elevated ground clearance. The word Utility doesn’t really apply, perhaps ‘Crossover’ is more appropriate as it’s a taller member of the Audi A4 and A5 family. Competitors include the go-faster high spec versions of the BMW X5, Mercedes GLC, Jaguar F-Pace and Porsche Macan.
The new Audi SQ5 rear seat legroom is enough but not generous.
The telltale styling changes over standard models include stronger contoured front and rear bumpers, air inlets in the front lower front bumper, a prominent large honeycomb front grille with aluminium slats and surrounds and a diffuser at the rear together with twin exhaust tailpipes either side of the vehicle extending from the dual branch exhaust system. Subtle use of the ‘S’ logo is used in various points as well as V6T badging around the vehicle. LEDs are standard for all lighting functions including the signature dynamic indicators and Matrix headlights.
The interior is Audi’s usual high class and impeccable quality and includes illuminated door sills bearing exclusive ‘S’ logos. Contrasting stitching on the leather steering wheel and sport seats enhance the elegant ambiance. The ‘S’ sport seats are upholstered in high quality Nappa leather with a diamond pattern.
Brushed aluminium inlays are standard with a variety of wood applications and an exclusive carbon inlay available as options. Aluminium look steering column mounted shift paddles are included as are stainless steel pedals and foot rest.
The rear seat is split into three segments and longitudinal and seat back angle adjustment is optional. Depending on the position of the rear seat bench the luggage compartment has a standard capacity of 500 to 610 litres but when the rear seat backs are folded down this volume grows to 1,550 litres.
Standard equipment includes 20-inch alloy wheels, privacy glass with acoustic glazing for the front windows specific damper controlled suspension, auto high beam assist, electrically operated front seats, MMI Navigation Plus, Audi Connect and Audi Drive Select modes. Also fitted as standard are automatic Pre-Sense City Braking, Lane Keep Assist, Audi Parking System and Audi’s Virtual Cockpit layout with its central tounchscreen protruding upwards from the fascia panel and the ability to customise the display of controls and information in the instrument binnacle in front of the driver.
Needless to say there are extra cost options and my test vehicle had numerous which pushed the on-road price up from £51,200 to £69,285. Some of the most costly extras were the Sport differential at £1,200, Head Up display at £900, Adaptive Cruise Control at £750 and 21-inch alloy wheels at £1,500.
The SQ5 is naturally quattro all wheel drive equipped so.
For even greater adjustability and agility a sport differential is also available for £1,200 on the options list. It actively distributes torque between the rear wheels. On top of that for an extra £1,000 the customer can choose the ‘S’ adaptive air suspension option which also operates through the Audi drive select system. This can lower the ride height for enhanced on-road handling and it can raise the vehicle for off-road driving.
So the SQ5 is a technology tour-de- force with performance to match but at a high price. Whether it’s worth the extra cost over the popular and revised normal Q5 mid-sized SUV is down to freedom of choice which thankfully still exists in the car market, but for how much longer as we move to fuel efficient, driverless and mundane transport.
When the SQ5 was delivered to me by the man from Audi HQ, to get him on his return journey I took him to the local train station. Sitting in the driver’s seat for the first time, pressing the starter button was greeted with a raucous exhaust note. I selected Drive and off we went but it was like a thoroughbred racehorse frantically wanting to be let loose.
A touch of the throttle and it left forward, it snatched gears, the steering was sharp to excess and the ride really uncomfortable. OK it’s not supposed to be like this I thought, not for everyday use. On my return home I delved into the drive select system, selected Efficiency mode and then went further into other Individual settings.
All were in Dynamic mode, no doubt done to showcase the storming performance potential for my first SQ5 driving experience. Having ‘softened’ all the settings, driveability returned without any great loss in performance particularly given the traffic congestion we endure and the broken road surfaces which prevail.
The engine was a joy and fun to use, the road holding good with quattro traction, the steering precise but lacking in feedback and the ride more compliant than in Dynamic mode despite the larger 21-inch wheels which not only compromise ride quality but increase tax costs significantly. Whether the SQ5 with this TFSI petrol engine is here for the long haul, once a new TDI engine has been developed, only time and demand by customers will tell.
Overall it was a driving experience with the TFSI engine in the SQ5 to be savoured and remembered but perhaps not one to convince me that in this day and age in real-use conditions the SQ5 TFSI is the best Q5 model for the majority of UK owners given our future financial and business uncertainties and congested driving conditions.
But how often if you can afford it does buying with your head rather than your heart take precedence?
MILESTONES
New Audi SQ5 3.0 TFSI quattro 354hp automatic SUV £51,200 (£60,285 as tested)
Engine/transmission: 3.0-litre V6 TFSI turbocharged petrol, 354hp, 500Nm of torque from 1,370rpm, 8-speed automatic, quattro 4WD with Sport differential
Performance: 155mph restricted top speed or 174mph derestricted, 0-62mph 5.4-seconds, Combined Cycle with optional 21-inch wheels 33.2mpg (28.2mpg on test), CO2 195g/km with 21-inch wheels, VED road tax First Year £1,200, then £140 Standard rate + £310 supplement for 5-years as its costs over £40, Bik company car tax 37%. With standard 20-inch wheels the figures are 34mpg, CO2 189, VED £800 then £140 + £310 and BiK is 36%.
Insurance group: 42E Warranty: 3-years/60,000-miles
Dimensions/capacities: L 4,671mm, W 1,893mm, H 1,635mm, boot/load space 610 to 1,550-litres, braked towing weight 2,400kg, 5-doors/5-seats
For: Performance, technology, high specification, selectable driving and performance modes, kerb appeal, scarcity value
Against: No new TDI turbodiesel engine option yet, expensive especially if further options are added, huge running costs and larger 21-inch wheels increase tax liabilities.
© David MilesThe Florida Panthers want to play like the defending Stanley Cup champions, and they didn’t feel that Gerard Gallant was the right coach to show them how.
“This team is built for speed and skill,” interim head coach Tom Rowe said Monday. “That’s the way the National Hockey League is going. All you have to do is watch what Pittsburgh did last year, the way they played, the way they attacked the puck, the way they made every step of the opponent difficult, by pressuring, is how we want to play.”
Gerrard was fired yesterday after a 3-2 loss in Carolina — a game the Panthers led 2-0 after the first period.
“After we collapsed in the second period last night, it came to a head a lot quicker,” said Rowe, who will relinquish his general manager duties to Dale Tallon, Eric Joyce and Steve Werier in order to focus “totally” on coaching.
Though Rowe rejected the notion that there was any “friction” between Gallant and the front office, he did concede there were differences in opinions.
“There was definitely a philosophical divide,” said Rowe. “We wanted to develop a team and build a team that was fast, that moved the puck quickly, attack the offensive net and pressure the puck in all three zones. Gerard and I talked about it, he said he wanted to get a little more size. And we decided to go in a different direction.”
Read more: Did Gallant’s plea for more toughness cost him his job?
It’s no secret that the Panthers have taken an analytics-based approach to building their team, with the full support of ownership. At the end of last season, Tallon was “promoted” to president of hockey ops, with Rowe becoming the new GM.
Not long after, the Panthers began the dramatic reshaping of their defense, which included the trading of big, tough Erik Gudbranson and the signing of puck-movers Keith Yandle and Jason Demers.
“Obviously, we changed some dynamics on our team,” Gallant said prior to the start of the season. “We’re more puck movers, more skill, quicker. Hopefully, that pays off.”
But it hasn’t so far. The Panthers are 11-10-1 after 22 games, just outside the playoff picture in the Eastern Conference. Though they’ve had a number of key injuries, the decision was still made to relieve Gallant of his duties.
“We took everything into consideration in our meeting at the quarterly point of the season,” said Tallon, “and as a group we decided we want to go in a different direction.”
The Panthers play the second game of a six-game road trip Tuesday in Chicago. Rowe said he plans to “tweak” his team’s defensive-zone system, but doesn’t want to introduce too many changes right away.
“Defensively, we want to fix that area first,” said Rowe.
But the real key will be pace.
“We want to be a fast team. And when I say fast, it doesn’t just mean skating. We want to move the puck quickly. We want to defend quickly,” said Rowe. “We’ve gotta practice faster, we’ve gotta practice harder and then that’s going to carry over into the games.”
Related: The Penguins played great defense their own wayWrite your name on beautiful Birthday Wishes Quotes For Lovers with name. Print or Edit your name on lovely happy birthday wishes and generate photo with best online cards generator and editor. Awesome Birthday Wishes Quotes For Lovers with name. Best way to wish your dear ones a very happy birthday. This is the easiest and unique way to create birthday cards with name.You can send these happy birthday wishes and name cards on facebook as well.
Create beautiful Birthday Wishes Quotes For Lovers With Name online and send your best wishes to your lover on his / her birthday. Awesome birthday wishes cards images with best birthday wishes quotes for lovers to add your lover name on birthday cards and Surprise your love by sending these happy birthday wishes cards.
Happy Birthday Lover Quotes Images
Funny Birthday Wishes Cards
Birthday Messages Cards For Girlfriend
Birthday Card Messages For Girl.
Also read: John Dickerson to Replace Charlie Rose on ‘CBS This Morning’
Read moreRead moreOur Advent reflections will be provided by Dynamic Catholic: Best Advent Ever. You will receive a beautiful and meaningful reflection video and message each day of Advent through email. Sign up today!!
All Saints Catholic Church
7 McMenamy Road St. Peters, MO 63376
Phone: 636-397-1440
Office Hours
Monday – Friday
9:00 am – 4:00 pmEarlier in the day, Salma had opened her mouth wide and wiggled one of her teeth with her finger.
“It’s going to fall out soon!” I exclaimed and she nodded excitedly.
Later, she was sitting beside me in prayer and suddenly started poking my arm vigorously. I looked over and the tiny white tooth was in her hand and she was smiling from ear to ear.
“Your tooth!” I said too loudly before covering my mouth and whispering, “It fell out.” She was so excited that she started tossing it from hand to hand playfully. Before too long, it had accidentally been launched forward under the dress of a smaller girl, who was sitting on the ground in front of her. Salma’s face dropped into fear and I stifled a laugh. The girl, being aware of what had just happened, lifted her dress off the ground, but it wasn’t there and instead the girl suddenly launched herself to her feet trying to shake the tooth off of her dress.
I cannot convey to you what happened next as I was at this point in the story, closing my eyes with my hand covering my face trying not to lose control of my laughter mid-prayer. Needless to say, the tooth was recovered and only caused a slight commotion – when I did finally open my eyes only a third of the room was looking at us.
Later I asked her what she would do with the tooth and she told me she’d throw it on the roof. I thought it must be a miscommunication, so I asked one of the older girls. This is the conversation that followed:
Jeff: What do little kids do when they lose a tooth?
Emma: They throw it on the roof.
Jeff: Why?
Emma: So they grow a new, bigger one.
Jeff: Well, that’s weird. In Canada and the USA, a fairy comes.
Emma: A fairy?
Jeff: Yeah. A fairy comes, takes the tooth, and leaves you money.
Emma: What does she do with the tooth?
Jeff: Hmmm… we don’t really ask those questions…
It was a funny little conversation. I thought it was strange to throw your baby tooth on the roof, but was quickly shown how strange our own customs are if you think about them even for a minute from an outsider’s perspective.Stonewall 6x6 Designer Stencil
- Print this page
- View full size image
These superb qualityKaisercraft 6 inch by 6 inchDesigner Stencils feature intricate, precision cut designs, are made from thick plastic and can be used with chalks, inks, pastes or paints. This pack contains one 6x6 Stonewall Designer Stencil template measuring about 15.2cm x 15.2cm.While enjoying not having to be out in the cold, I picked up my hook and some yarn and started a new project. It’s strange to me most of us who make things, especially to sell seldom find time to make some of those things for your family. The girl’s had been asking for gloves and I found out it was the fingerless ones they really wanted, so I’m on it. I finished two pair, two girls, makes sense.
I finally got up enough nerve to look outside, up one way of the street, then down the other.
I must say it was beautiful, but not enough on encourage me to go outside. Instead I put on a pot of coffee, made pancakes and continued with my crocheting.
Later today, my third daughter looked out and exclaimed, “I’m gonna get that mailman, he left footprints in my snow.” You see we’re a family of snow nerds, love the look of undisturbed snow, so she’s thinking of posting signs, ‘Please Stay out of the Snow’.
And now to watch 'How The West Was Won', a great western, nice history and a great line-up of stars.
So this was my snow day what was yours?(Image from the internet – I don’t know how to source images yet…)
Since the conception and inception of this blog, I have not really had a plan for it. I’ve had a dream of creating a community where people share life together, but no plan of how to do that. So for a year or so, I have been writing, blogging, sharing in random intervals with no real guiding direction or overarching plan. No road map.
That is pretty much how I live my whole – no real plan, just taking things as they come and trying to work it out. I have values that guide me, but no real plan. Anybody with an ounce of common sense will say that isn’t a great or successful way to live life. (I know!) It sure makes me susceptible to the currents of the world, being tossed about in life like a wave in the sea (see James 1). I married a planner though, so it still works for me. Thank God for my husband. Seriously. Thank you.
Also, as many of you know, I am in the process of writing a few fiction novels. The beauty of writing novels is I can just sit and write (the term is ‘pantsing’) without planning. It’s how my brain works. It’s the beauty of the revision process. I don’t NEED a plan to write a story. However, if my goal is to create a real-life community, ‘no plan’ doesn’t cut it. I can’t pants my way into an online community. It has to be intentional. On purpose. Planned.
So, this is PART of my plan. The only part I know about right now anyway.
Step 1: Figure out how to create a community
How do I create a space where people share part of their lives with each other? A place where a quick button click doesn’t ever feel like enough. Where one is prompted to engage, to type words, to share. Perhaps I need to engage more with those who already read my blog. Perhaps I need to start there and begin to not only read but comment on the blogs of others? I feel like “I don’t have time” for that, but if it’s important, we make time, right? Just like reading. Just like writing. Just like yoga.
I think you get the picture.
For now, I am going to commit to reading and commenting more on the blogs of people around me already (that includes you guys! yay!). I’m not sure how good I’ll be or how often I’ll manage reading, but I’m going to give it a try anyway.
Step 2: Figure out how to connect my blog with my facebook page in a meaningful way.
How do I generate conversation, invite discussion, share life? I don’t really know how to do that yet, but I think I might have a trick or two up my sleeve. And they aren’t gimmicks. I want to engage with some thought provoking questions, perhaps. Or…other…things… that get people to talk. Clearly I have research to do. Perhaps questions that relate to whatever I’ve written lately. Or something interesting I read of someone else’s. I don’t know. Something.
Maybe this will work. Maybe it won’t. Maybe everyone has all the community they’re looking for.
But then again, maybe they don’t.
Maybe someone is looking for a community where he can reach out and others reach back. Maybe someone could use a little more positivity in her life.
I know that I’m no Rachel Martin or Becky Thompson or Jen Hatmaker, but I don’t need to be. I. Don’t. Need. To. Be (repeating for my benefit, not yours). Even so, we can still have community together. It can still be meaningful.
So friends, are you game? Are you up for taking a little journey together? Are you up for seeing where this goes and what happens?
I am. I hope you are too. I am really looking forward to what this next step will look like.
So, if you haven’t already, hop on over to facebook and check it out over there. I’m going to try to have some interesting questions next week that will relate to the post I hope to have up on Monday. It’s in my head, just not written down yet.KARIBU ~ WELCOME
to the
Grand Opening of the Redesigned
•·.·´¯`·.·• ALB Dream Fashion •·.·´¯`·.·•
The store is remodeled, the sim is rebuilt. After weeks and weeks of hard work — fun work — Lina and me are done! Now is the time to CELEBRATE!!!!
We will have events throughout the morning, day and night of Thursday, March 1.
Fireworks and Live Music! Dancing and StoryTelling! Camel Tours of the Island or Mule Tours of Lamu Town! Fun and Friends!
hugs,
AnaLee BalutIn the aftermath of the Oakwood mutiny last year, Armed Forces Chief of Staff Narciso Abaya admitted that there was indeed corruption in the military. While military corruption is no longer news, and the admission did not surprise anyone, General Abaya did say as well that the corruption was “not only at the highest levels (of the Armed Forces). I admit that there is graft and corruption at all levels even down to the company commander level.”
General Abaya, however, drew the line at admitting that the Philippine military was one of the most corrupt in the Asia-Pacific region, as reported by the New York Times. Perhaps because it’s one of the most corrupt in the world rather than just in the region?
No matter. If there is corruption at the company commander level, it would not compare to the corruption at the highest levels of the military. One can imagine captains engaged in such penny-ante scams like delaying enlisted men’s salaries chafing at the bit for their turn at the big time in AFP Headquarters–where, they must recently have heard, the lifestyle of a general could equal that of a rock star or a Hollywood matinee idol.
Although there must be other cases captains and below have heard of, the current Exhibit A to prove that you too can live like a king and go world-class all the way on a general’s salary is General Carlos F. Garcia, former comptroller of the Armed Forces of the Philippines.
Accused by the Ombudsman of dishonesty, gross misconduct, and conduct prejudicial to the interest of the service, from an undisclosed venue the now elusive General Garcia (he’s not in hiding, says the AFP Vice Chief of staff, who says he saw him recently) has begged the media not to try him by publicity, and is supposedly preparing his defense.
But even before his trial before the ombudsman–where he could also be charged with plunder–it does already look bad for the general, and it wasn’t through any effort by the AFP leadership. Testifying before the Senate defense committee the other day, the AFP’s Vice Chief of Staff, Vice Admiral Ariston de los Reyes, said that while the AFP leadership had heard rumors about Garcia, it had no evidence.
It was in fact the US Customs Service which provided the evidence to charge him with the offenses. US Customs authorities had caught a son of Garcia at the San Francisco California airport last year with $100,000 in undeclared cash. To recover the money, Garcia’s very own better half, Mrs. Clarita Garcia, contested the seizure by saying that she had herself brought in the same amount in the past.
In a sworn statement to the US Customs Service, she also admitted to–no, boasted of– living high on the hog on the gifts that grateful contractors have been giving the good general, as well as on the perks that certain generals and their families in this poverty- stricken country enjoy over lesser mortals, among them a 16,000-liter gasoline allowance, a security detail, five drivers, a military cook, and God knows what else.
While the latter is damning evidence, not of criminal wrong doing, but of the privileges of rank, if true Mrs. Garcia’s admission that her husband had received gifts and “gratitude” from certain foreign and Philippine military contractors means that General Garcia had favored them over others, and was thus in violation of the AFP procurement process.
While Mrs. Garcia did not seem to see anything wrong with those contractors’ gift-and “gratitude”-giving, the practice of favoring certain contractors in exchange for what is known in the AFP and among military contractors as “the cost of money” (meaning bribes in the form of expensive gifts as well as cash) has meant the overpricing of the equipment, supplies and services these contractors provide.
The “cost of money” is added to the actual cost of the equipment or supplies, which, of course, the taxpayers end up shouldering. Poor quality equipment for the soldiery is the worst result, however, since to maximize profits, favored contractors often provide inferior equipment and supplies, among them guns that jam and boots that fall apart.
Military contractors who want to win the sometimes huge contracts for equipment and supplies set aside huge sums for pay-offs, says the Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism (in “Corruption in military procurements,” By Ed Lingao, 2001). The amounts range from the usual 30 percent to 100, even 200 percent of the actual cost.
And how huge can the contracts be to merit these efforts to win them? In 2001, still according to PCIJ, then AFP Chief of Staff Angelo Reyes and then Air Force Chief Lt. General Benjamin Defensor signed a P2.1 billion for the purchase of four second-hand C-130 planes and two scanners. The contract was put on hold, but we don’t know if it has since been implemented. And we’ll probably never know–unless some foreign agency like the US Customs Service tells us.
In the same year, the Marines purchased Kevlar helmets and submachine guns for millions of pesos. The helmets were supposedly sourced from eight companies that later turned out to be owned by one person, while the submachine guns–the high end German company Heckler and Koch’s MP5 model widely used by the world’s major armed forces–“somehow” disappeared.
It is presumed, although the AFP has so far not launched any investigation into the “disappearance,” that the submachine guns ended up in the black market, where they were auctioned off to the highest bidders.
While the exact number of the HK MP5s is unavailable, they were meant for a Marines security unit, which at the least would have numbered 90 to 100 men. Since an HK MP5 costs at least $2,000 dollars in the open market, one can easily estimate how much they could have gone for in the black market–and the millions those who stole them made in this one instance alone.
As comproller of the AFP Garcia was charged with approving the entire Armed Forces’ expenditures, which of course include procurements. Presumably his signature was at the top of the 136 signatures that every military contractor has to get to receive payment–and to get which, claim the contractors PCIJ talked to in 2001, they have to fork over varying amounts. No wonder that, according to Mrs. Garcia, the contractors were giving her husband gifts in gratitude for his help in seeing to it that they were paid quickly.
The Garcia case, if true, would of course validate claims of corruption in the Armed Forces. But it is also a special case because the extent of military corruption, as suggested by the lifestyles those accused of it live, had not been previously known. Thanks to her son’s indiscretion and Mrs. Garcia’s boast, however, it does seem as if the corruption among the “protectors of the people” could be huge enough to equal anything a mere congressman or senator–or even a government corporation executive–could ever devise. In short, this is first-, even world-class rather than just Asian-class corruption.
In addition to the children’s living in the United States, traveling first-class and carrying with them hundreds of thousands of dollars each time, General Garcia and family also own a condominium unit at the Trump Tower in New York’s Fifth Avenue and another unit on East Avenue of the same city, said Senator “Jinggoy” Estrada. The general also owns a house in Ohio, alleged Estrada.
Estrada mentioned the three properties in arguing for the filing of a plunder charge against Garcia for accumulating wealth in the US worth at least $1.4 million.
“At least” is correct. A Trump Tower condominium, the last time I heard, was going for $1.75 to $5 million. A house in Ohio would probably we worth much less, but if the general indeed owns all that real estate in the United States, it would amount to considerably more than the P50 million in unexplained wealth that the law stipulates as the minimum amount for anyone to be sued for plunder.
In the meantime, here are two questions for the Armed Forces of the Philippines, as its soldiers make do in the field with rubber slippers instead of boots, P250 monthly salaries, and P60 daily meal allowances:
(1)Wasn’t the lifestyle of the Garcias–and those of quite a number of other officers–sufficiently lavish for anyone to suspect that something was fishy somewhere? Or is that lifestyle so ordinary among generals and even colonels that it is regarded as normal, which would suggest that the government’s been checking lifestyles in the wrong places?
(2) What’s this about “no evidence” when anyone sincerely interested in rooting out corruption can easily check Statements of Assets and Liabilities against other records, among them those of the Securities and Exchange Commission (for businesses unmentioned in the SALs), the Motor Vehicles Office (for vehicles similarly not mentioned) and in the municipalities where government officials reside (for houses and lots undeclared in the SALs)?Ingmar Guandique, Convicted Of Killing Chandra Levy, Expects To Get New Trial
published 05/22/2015
"Chandra Levy was the victim of a government hit, and that first Condit, and then Guandique, were used as decoy patsies for a murder network that extends to the very heights of U.S. power." received all that summer, came crashing down along with the World Trade Center Towers. In March 2002 Condit lost his bid for re-election, mostly because of his ties to the scandal.
The remains of Levy mysteriously appeared May 22, 2002, over a year from the day she disappeared,.
Her walkman was found sitting neatly on a rock, with the headphones still attached. Her hyoid bone, located in the neck, had been damaged, which indicated she was probably strangled. received circumstances.
They also depend on critical intelligence information that is obtained either through cooperation, or covertly. According to a former MOSSAD agent who wishes to remain anonymous, "Operation. [Think Monica Lewinsky] to immediately. had a government sign-on for Lexis-Nexis that she used at the BOP. There are extensive personal information research capabilities at Nexis, and she had access to those and other highly confidential services as well in working with criminal related research at the BOP. been purchased with the credit card of a US Muslim and an FBI provocateur named Melvin Lattimore. Melvin Lattimore was seen by 4 witnesses in McVeigh's car at the OKC Travelers Aid office adjacent to the Murrah federal building just ONE DAY before the OKC bombing.. At McVeigh's trial his sister read a letter from him to the grand jury in which he told her he was going into the Special Forces Covert Tactical Unit.
It was reported that Chandra noted some twelve or more visits to McVeigh..
These agents knew the names of the hijackers, the targets of their attacks, the proposed dates, and the sources of the terrorists' funding, etc., many months in advance of the 9/11 attacks. The FBI command pulled them off of their investigations into these terrorists and threatened them with the National Security Act.
They told them that if they talked about any of the information pertaining to their investigations that they would be prosecuted. So many of them sought the counsel of Mr. Schippers wanting to get somebody in the U.S. government to take action against these terrorists before their plan could be implemented. Mr. Schippers talked to many Congressmen and Senators, and tried to get a hold of Att. Gen. John Ashcroft, all only to get the run-around. witnesses.
At this point, she was either abducted, or led into the woods disappearance., and Lehder's prosecutor former U.S. Attorney Robert Merkle.. completely successfully arranged to blame the crime on a vulnerable nobody.
Starting early on in the investigation, there was an dropped it.
Then on March 3, 2009, despite the fact that there was NO new evidence, DNA or otherwise, except for some laughable "jailhouse confessions" that inmates use to get time off from their sentences for "cooperating" with authorities, the DC police officially charged Guandique with the crime. his sick private life gave him all the reason in the world to act suspicious in the glaring light of media attention. that first Condit, and then Guandique, were used as decoy patsies random act of violence,, Ingmar Guandique sits in jail, convicted of a crime he didn't commit,.
conspiracy-cafe
Another Mossad 'honey pot' that stumbled onto to something that wasn't part of her mission.1.5k
Rate this App
The latest version of the app Max Payne Wallpaper (updated on 09.03.11 and which has 1 versions available on Uptodown) is 100% safe according to our antivirus provider. The file size is 341KB, which is the average size in its category papéis de parede of 3.25MB. The program is created by Fox (whose official website can be found at) under the license:grátis and with support for Windows and higher. About the popularity of the app, Max Payne Wallpaper it appears as number 7602 in the overall ranking of Uptodown, and number 176 within its category. Some similar apps are Grand Theft Auto V Wallpaper, God of War 3, GTA V Wallpaper, Call of Duty: Black Ops Wallpaper, God Of War Windows Theme, Free 45 Best Nature HD Wallpaper Pack. The topics related to Max Payne Wallpaper are max payne wallpaper, download max payne wallpaper, download max payne wallpaper grátis, 0, 2, 1.
1.5k
Rate this App
Opiniões sobre Max Payne Wallpaper
Nenhuma opinião sobre o Max Payne Wallpaper. Seja o primeiro!Oil prices were battered Wednesday, dropping to four-year-lows after new government data revealed that U.S. stockpiles of crude oil were larger than forecast.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration said that the nation's supply of crude grew by 1.4 million barrels last week. Analysts had expected inventories to shrink. That report contributed to a sharp-sell off in stocks, with the Dow Jones industrial average suffering its biggest daily drop in two months.
In its most recent short-term energy report, the EIA notes that spot prices for North Sea Brent, a benchmark crude oil, fell by over 15 percent last month and that monthly average Brent crude prices have dropped nearly 30 percent from their highs this past June to an average of $79 per barrel as of last month. That's the lowest monthly average since September of 2010.
Trading of West Texas Intermediate (WTI ) crude, another benchmark, fell more than 4 percent Wednesday to $61.07 a barrel.
"The move lower in crude oil prices was largely driven by a bearish inventory report, which revealed a build instead of the draw that was expected by the market," said Mazen Issa, an analyst with TD Securities, in a research note.
Gas prices are at their lowest level in years, thanks to a spike in U.S. oil production and better conservation measures.
Much of the drop in oil prices is due to the ongoing North American oil boom, as producers in Canada and the U.S. bring vast new supplies of oil and natural gas to the international energy market.
Also weighing on oil prices Wednesday was a forecast by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that global demand for crude would fall sharply next year. OPEC said last month that it would maintain oil production levels despite the glut of crude on the global market.
In its December monthly report, the oil cartel revised its projected demand for OPEC-produced crude in 2015 down to 28.92 million barrels per day. According to Reuters, that would push demand for OPEC crude down to its lowest levels in more than a decade, and well below the cartel's current output.
As oil supplies have surged, U.S. gas prices have plummeted, falling more than 40 percent since June, notes Lindsay Piegza, an economist with brokerage firm Sterne Agee. A gallon of regular unleaded gas, which as of April cost an average of $3.70, is now down to $2.64, according to AAA.
While American families and businesses may be enjoying the lower oil and gas prices, there has also been an economic cost in some parts of the U.S., as oil companies begin cutting jobs and curbing investment as they slow down oil and gas production.
More details on: cbsnews.com
Resources:
Credit Card Education Center | Credit Card Calculators | SCC Blog | Terms and Conditions/Disclosures | Privacy Policy/California Privacy Rights | About | HomeWelcome to my homepage. It`s all about my favorite hobby: MUSIC and especially Online-Music.
You can meet me at Ohmstudio
here is a Introduction Video, where I played keys
Xmas greeting for 2014 - The new chistmas tume from Ohmstudio
Contributors Herman, Wilhelm, EBMbass, Drumaholic, Irockus, Yuri
If you are interested in online music collaborations please visit
Visit my channel onCan't think of what to get for that someone special? Need a last minute gift without the hassle of trekking around the high street? Look no further than an AllSole Gift Voucher! It can be used to buy any item on site and will be emailed to you to either forward onto family and friends, or to print out to give to them personally.
UK Only.Description
My Very Best features minimal & delicate, meaningful jewelry that is perfect to keep and to give. We believe little things + little moments make our life sparkle.
a set of 2 necklaces, one for me & one for you best friends necklace, minimal simple dainty compass necklace, best friend gift necklace
total length of the chain 16 ~ 18 inches with a lobster clasp.
material: silver plated brass & gold plated brass
compass pendant size: 15 mm x 15 mm
with inspirational message card “True friendship is when two people walk in different directions but remain side by side.”
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Explore Further◄ Browse by Call Number ►
Recommendations
Subject Headings
- Television Series.
- Fantasy Television Programs.
- Animated Television Programs.
- Children's Television Programs.
- Action and Adventure Television Programs.
- DVD-Video Discs for the Hearing Impaired.
- DVD-Video Discs for Children.
- Closed Captioning.
- Monsters — Juvenile Films.
- Antiheroes — Juvenile Films.
- Card Games — Juvenile Films.
- Yu-Gi-Oh! (Game) — Juvenile Films.
CommentAdd a Comment
There are no comments for this title yet.Category Archives: Planning
Planning and Best Pratices
The Lookback
Senior Law Day Program
Aging and it’s Financial Implications on Housing
Where to live and how to afford it upon retirement is an utmost concern for you. And, housing may account for a large portion of your retirement income. It’s vital to the success of your financial plans that you be proactive and prepared. Learn the options and the effects on your finances.
Empty Rooms in Your House, another senior maybe willing to rent it?
The county is Introducing a program through churches and senior centers to match willing seniors who would like to share housing. Let’s discuss the pros and cons of having a roommate as we age. It is an option to keep you in the home you love.
Thinking of Selling your Home or putting it in a trust? A checklist to consider
Learn how to protect yourself and your belongings. Learn your Rights, Learn the recommended process , and most Important Confirm the house is properly insured, if the grantor or trustees don’t live in the house you may not be properly insured.Statistician II
Learn about clinical trials firsthand by working alongside one of our senior statisticians and clinicians. Provide statistical support, plan/develop/analyze clinical trials data, interpret results, and prepare written and/or oral presentations. Requires MS in Biostatistics or related field (or BS in Biostatistics with 2 years of relevant experience). Excellent oral and written communication skills and experience with SAS programming essential. Knowledge and/or experience in clinical research or clinical trials a plus.
Statistician III/Senior Statistician
An exciting opportunity is available for a statistician with a master's degree in Statistics or Biostatistics and at least 2 to 4 years of clinical trials or research experience, or a PhD in Statistics or Biostatistics and 0-2 years of experience. Responsibilities include statistical input to protocols and trial designs, collaboration with data management, data and safety monitoring board reporting, analysis of trial results for presentation of trials, and contribution to academic publications. Strong interpersonal skills, the ability to mentor and guide others, and experience with SAS programming is essential. Clinical/medical knowledge a strong plus. This is an opportunity to work in a creative, cooperative atmosphere with a dynamic team of statisticians, programmers, physicians and trial coordinators.
Interested applicants for the above positions should submit a resume and cover letter with salary requirements to:
Statistician Search,
c/o Nancy Wildermann,
Duke Clinical Research Institute,
P. O. Box 17969,
Durham, North Carolina 27715
or email wilde002@mc.duke.edu.
Faculty Positions in Biostatistics
Two biostatistics faculty positions are available in the Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics. Duties will include collaborative clinical research in clinical trials and observational outcomes studies. Requires Ph.D. in biostatistics or statistics, and good computing skills. Send CV and names of three references to
Professor Kerry L. Lee, Ph.D.,
P.O. Box 17969,
Durham, NC 27715.From the Pastor’s Desk
“Not that I have already attained, or am already perfected, but I press on, that I may take hold of that which Christ Jesus took hold of me” Philippians 3:12.
Calvary greetings to all the children of God both at home and abroad, may His grace continue to abound upon us all as we start the journey of another year. As we begin the journey of the year, I sense within me that the Holy Spirit wants me to pass this simple but all important message to all the children of God throughout the world. It is so important because is the principal core of Christianity.
Looking at the spiritual state of the church especially at this end time, someone who is spiritually sensitive will understand that the church of Christ is gradually losing focus on her primary purpose(s). Numerically, a man or woman who is not spiritually awakened would see nothing wrong with the church but a closer look at the church through effective spiritual compass will reveal the great tragedy that has befallen the church of Christ. The church is no more seen as the house of prayer (John 2:16), but business centre like in the days of Jesus, social gathering, political arena and entertainment house where everything goes. Little wonder, all these are fulfillments of biblical prophecies about the end time, (Matt.24:1-12, I Tim.4:1-5).
Therefore, as we begin the journey of another year the Lord is calling on all His chosen vessels both small and great to bring back the glory of God into the church through spirit-empowered preaching on salvation, sanctification and daily holy living without which no one will see God. The church of Christ must redefine her calling and identity as “the light “and “the salt” of the world, (Matt.5:13-16). The only solution to the problems of the world in general is CHRIST. The primary responsibility of the church is to preach Christ to the lost world. May we all rise up from our spiritual slumber and preach the real Gospel of Christ as we gradually approach the second coming of the master.
Thanks and God bless.
“Not that I have already attained, or am already perfected, but I press on, that I may take hold of that which Christ Jesus took hold of me” Philippians 3:12.Media Storage Set Sofa searching results - shop for Media Storage Set Sofa - TOP deals, coupon codes, promos, and discounts
Order The Best Media Storage Set Sofa with Fast Delivery to United States, UK, Canada, Europe, and Australia at Feedamail. Feedamail.com Suggests a Variety of Advantages to Customers from Finding The Lowest Price or Best Offers to Save Money on Every Shopping.
Customers Can Save All Their TOP-Rated Deals, Brands, Stores, and Top Searches at Feedamail for Convenience and Future Reference. Feedamail.com Online Comparison Store Suggests Largest Assortment of Products For Wholesale Price. Find Deals for Media Storage Set SofaCops allegedly attend Dawood's niece's wedding, probe ordered
In an embarrassment for the state government in Maharashtra, BJP leader and medical education minister Girish Mahajan is said to have attended the wedding of Dawood's niece. The police commissioner also confirmed that invitations were received by officials of the Bhadrakali police station, located in the old city. Meanwhile, police have started the process of recording the statements of the policemen who attended the wedding.My sister’s friend is a talented artist (see more of her work here) and has recently ventured into the polymer clay modelling trade.
She made a custom necklace for my sister and out of my envy (it was really cute), I asked for…
p.s. there are obviously not official band merch
p.p.s. you can contact her for custom stuff through her DA page. cheers.
AdvertisementsImagine,750 on the road or only €269 per month with 0% Finance.
That’s Simply Clever. That’s ŠKODA
Find my local dealerRequest a quote, Yeti & Superb models only. Available on models ordered before 31st January 2018 and registered before 31st March 2018.Cape Cod in August, Bethesda in September
Harper's Corner
By Jessica Harper
August 2010
"While I leave LA in August in search of a real summer (with in-laws) in Cape Cod, I'm looking forward to leaving LA again in September to find (and renew) real connections at the PXE International Conference in Bethesda." home cooks would call a "busman's holiday"). But it's a group effort, and the camaraderie is good.
The only trouble is accommodating certain picky relatives. No I'm not talking about the kids. I believe my brother-in-law Scott may be the worst. For example, he will not eat turkey in any format other than roasted, Thanksgiving-style. He thinks ground turkey is peculiar and unappetizing. (So much for those turkey burgers I was going to make.) Although, for some reason, Scott is okay with ground beef, but picky people like him often have such irritating quirks.
Scott also has negative feelings about chicken soup. And in a recent development, he swore off panini, of all things. He sent his friends vicious anti-panini e-mails, the details of which I was spared, thanks to my handy “delete” button. Now the word on the street is that, since his recent business trip to Mumbai, Scott has gone vegan, sending his wife, Julie (who is a fabulous cook and an avid carnivore), into a tailspin. Just when she thought she had established a cycle of acceptable menus for her picky family, Scott threw her the vegan curveball and screwed everything up.
But several other family members are picky too, if not as picky as Scott. I tried to make a corn salad last summer, all loaded with tomatoes, beans and cilantro. While this would actually suit my vegan brother-in-law nicely,
1. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, add the corn, and cook until it is just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. (Or steam the corn in a vegetable steamer if you prefer.) Drain the corn and set it aside to cool.
2. When it is cool enough to handle, scrape the kernels off the cobs with a sharp knife, letting them fall into a salad bowl. Drain and rinse the beans, and pat them dry them with paper towels. Add the beans, tomatoes, onion, and cilantro to the corn.
3..
As I said, our L.A. summer won't really kick in until September. We'll just be back from Cape Cod, ready for fall, and we won't be having any. Once again, I will need to travel if I want a proper seasonal experience. I am indeed planning a little trip, but to be truthful, it's not really about viewing the changing foliage. It's about PXE International.
As you know, PXE International's 2010 conference is upon us (September 10-12) and I hope you will try to come. I first went to a conference in Oakland many years ago. At that time, my vision was just starting to fail; those were anxious days. I had had skin manifestations since childhood, but had, until then, been spared other PXE symptoms. Suddenly, I was not at all sure what the future held for me.
In a world that is largely ignorant of our orphan disease (even in the medical community), I'd always felt a little isolated with my condition. With the exception of my brother, I knew nobody else with PXE. That's why I will never forget getting into the elevator at the Oakland Marriott and seeing a woman next to me with PXE skin on her neck, just like mine. I had traveled quite a distance to get to Oakland, but at that moment, it felt like coming home. I took off my scarf and introduced myself.
I'd always worn scarves to cover my neck, but that weekend they stayed in the closet and I proudly displayed my PXE. At the welcoming dinner, I found myself surrounded by people with similar symptoms, and with similar concerns and curiosity about how PXE works and how it might impact the lives of their loved ones. The sense of PXE International's commitment to inform and embrace those of us affected by PXE provided an amazing sense of community and comfort.
For more articles by Jessica Harper, visit and.Seattle, August 14, 2007 — A leader in Alaska cruising and touring, Holland America Line presents a trio of unique and exclusive cruise options to the Great Land in 2008. The premium line’s three major cruising itineraries — Glacier Bay Inside Passage Cruises, Glacier Discovery, and Alaskan Explorer Cruise — showcase the highlights of Alaska with distinctive options to suit the various wishes of Alaskan-bound travelers.
“Next summer in Alaska, Holland America Line will offer the most entries into Glacier Bay National Park and extraordinary scenic cruising past Alaska’s immense Hubbard Glacier in Yakutat Bay, as well as the 15 glaciers of College Fjord and the twin Sawyer Glaciers in Tracy Arm,” said Richard D. Meadows, CTC, executive vice president, marketing, sales, and guest programs. “Of course, we also feature a full line of excursions in Alaska’s most popular ports. The breadth of our experience in this region translates into an award-winning and up-close experience in Alaska.”
Holland America Line will offer 156 premium cruises to Alaska on a total of eight ships in 2008, including 59 sailings on three ships home-ported in Seattle and 97 cruises on five ships based in Vancouver, BC.
Alaskan Explorer Cruises from Seattle
Quickly becoming an Alaskan favorite, The Alaskan Explorer offers the glaciers, wildlife and history of Alaska from the popular Seattle departure port. From May 3 through Sept. 21, Holland America Line features two Vista-class ships, the 1,848-guest ms Oosterdam (Saturdays) and 1,916-guest ms Westerdam (Sundays), on its roundtrip, seven-day Inside Passage cruises from that city, joined by the 1,380-guest flagship ms Amsterdam (Fridays).
The Amsterdam highlights Glacier Bay National Park or Tracy Arm and Sawyer Glaciers, the Oosterdam showcases the Hubbard Glacier and Yakutat Bay, and the Westerdam cruises spectacular Glacier Bay. All Alaskan Explorer cruises call at the historic ports of Juneau, Sitka and Ketchikan, plus Victoria, BC, and feature scenic cruising of the Inside Passage and Vancouver Island.
With two larger Vista-class ships — Oosterdam and Westerdam — plenty of options exist for verandah staterooms. Popular among today’s cruisers, verandahs allow guests to step outside to view Alaska’s glaciers, wilderness and wildlife from the privacy of their own verandah.
VancouverSailings Roundtrip and One-wayFive Holland America Line ships will offer a total of 97 Alaska cruises from Vancouver, BC – a combination of roundtrip Inside Passage sailings and one-way cruises between Vancouver and Seward for those who wish to cruise beyond the Inside Passage and also possibly combine the cruise with a land vacation in Alaska. Ships depart in 2008 from May 2 to Sept. 19, offering guests a wide choice of shoulder and peak season Alaska cruising.
Four Holland America Line ships will feature 43 seven-day Glacier Bay Inside Passage cruises roundtrip from Vancouver with departures from May 2 through Sept. 19 on Wednesdays and Saturdays, as well as selected Friday and Sunday departures. The 1,258-passenger sister ships Ryndam, Statendam and Veendam, plus the 1,432-passenger Zaandam, will all feature a full day of scenic cruising through Glacier Bay National Park and call at Juneau, Skagway and Ketchikan.
Two ships – the Zaandam and sister ship Volendam – will offer 36 seven-day, one-way cruises between Vancouver and Seward departing on Sundays May 11 through Sept. 14. The northbound Glacier Bay Discovery cruises leave Vancouver to call at Ketchikan, Juneau and Skagway and include scenic cruising of both Glacier Bay National Park and College Fjord before arriving in Seward, home of the stunning scenery and wildlife of Kenai Fjords National Park. Southbound, the itinerary is similar with a port call at Haines instead of Skagway.
Also for those guests looking to sail further afield and sample additional glaciers, the Veendam also features seven-day, one-way Hubbard Glacier Discovery cruises between Vancouver and Seward departing Fridays May 16 through Sept. 12. These sailings combine calls at Ketchikan, Haines (northbound) or Skagway (southbound), Juneau and Sitka with scenic cruising past the colossal Hubbard Glacier.
Shore Excursions & CruiseTours Broaden the ExperienceShore excursions allow guests to further their Alaskan experience with the ever-popular flight-seeing over the Mendenhall Glacier near Juneau and helicopter glacier tours Skagway. Guests can enjoy active excursions ranging from sea kayaking and fly or sport fishing to dog sledding and wildlife watching for eagles, sea otters and whales. Other exciting excursions feature such attractions as the White Pass Summit Scenic Railway from Skagway, Saxman Native Village in Ketchikan and Russian heritage of Sitka.
Holland America Line also features an extensive selection of 29 CruiseTours, which combine one of the above cruises with further exploration of “The Great Land.” Guests can opt for 11- to 20-day CruiseTours that add highlights of Alaska and the Yukon such as Denali, Kenai Fjords and Kluane National Parks, Tombstone Park, Fairbanks, Dawson City and Whitehorse, Arctic Circle adventures and a Yukon River cruise. Many CruiseTours feature “Double Denali” – two full days in Denali National Park to maximize wildlife and Mt. McKinley viewing.
2008 Alaska Cruises & CruiseTours Brochure Is Now Available Cruise-only fares start at US $849, per person, double occupancy for a seven-day cruise. For a copy of the new 2008 Alaska Cruises & CruiseTours brochure, call 1-866-622-7447 or visit.Apple Repair St. George Utah | 10 Percent Off Labor at MacTek in December
Southern Utah’s Elite Apple Repair Team
MacTek first began serving southern Utah in 2000. At the time they were the only all-Apple/Macintosh service in southern Utah. They then billed themselves as “On-Site Specialists,” something that is no longer possible in most cases due to the increasing complexity of opening Apple computers and special tools and diagnostics needed not available onsite. The founder, Robert Stevens, moved on to doing home theater during the housing boom, all while still repairing Apple products. In 2010, he opened a shop on Bluff Street in St. George, which was short lived due to an opportunity to be the master technician and service manager for Simply Mac. Robert has decided to move on and re-open MacTek after nearly seven years at Simply Mac, having performed over 8,000 repairs with a lifetime total of well over 10,000 repairs under his belt. During Robert’s tenure at Simply Mac, he has won president’s club in 2016 as well received Master Tech MVP for 2012 and 2013. In addition, he was recognized as one of the two top performing technicians within Simply Mac by Apple in 2013. Along with his service team, he attained Premium Service Provider six years in a row, Apple’s highest Authorized Service Provider Status. Their goal is to treat every customer like family and get your computer running as we would want our own to run.
Their services
Here is just a little of what they do:
—Hard drive replacements and upgrades (SSD or HD).
—Display replacements.
—Ram upgrades.
—Software repair and malware removal.
—Internal component replacement: power supplies, batteries, logic boards, fans, etc.
—Power adapters.
—Data backups and time machine setups.
—Password resets.
—Data recovery, in-house or through professional partner Kroll Ontrack.
This is just an example of what they offer; they offer much more. Call anytime and leave a voicemail. They will call back ASAP.
For the month of December, MacTek is offering 10 percent off labor. Bring in this printable savings coupon or simply present it on your mobile device at time of service to receive savings.
MacTek is located at 511 E. St. George Blvd. Suite A, in St. George. Contact them at (435) 429-0944 for any questions regarding your repair, or visit them online at mactekutah.com to view a full list of their services.Young beef producers head to Canberra
Seven young beef producers will travel to Canberra next week to participate in Cattle Council’s NAB Agribusiness Beef Industry Rising Champions Initiative.
Throughout the three-day program, the fifth group of NAB Agribusiness Beef Industry Rising Champions Initiative.
Andrew Ogilvie, Cattle Council President said he was thrilled with the strong calibre of participants in the Rising Champions Initiative.
“Cattle Council is proud of the five year history of the Rising Champions Initiative and the myriad of opportunities that are provided to young beef producers through participation in the Initiative,” Mr Ogilvie said.
“I look forward to meeting the 2014 Rising Champions and hearing about their role in the industry and their aspirations for the future of the Australian beef industry.”
Cattle Council looks forward to working with sponsors NAB Agribusiness, McDonalds Australia and Fairfax Rural Media in hosting 2014 NAB Agribusiness Beef Industry Rising Champions Initiative participants:
Stewart Moroney, Victoria
Mick Doolan, NSW
Hayley Goad, WA
Cassie Cox, NT
Sam Becker, Queensland
Amanda Giles, SA
Courtney Lloyd, Queensland
For enquiries and participant biographies: Mary Johnson, +61 417 249 506.User talk:Jagwar
Contents
Hi Jagwar. Please change or fix your client of botjagwar-wd7ec. you are messing up the IRC log every day.
Hi MysteryPedia, sorry for the inconvenience, I have just checked and I've seen no suspicious behaviour. The client has a limited lifespan to be able to run the latest version of the code. When you told me that I was messing up the IRC logs, I thought it was quitting and reconnecting the client every minute! Fortunately it is not the case. As I currently don't work a lot on the code, I've increased the lifespan to 10 hours.
Thanks for your reply and quick handling!
I think it's enough keeping connection 10 hours as well. but your client was logging out due to Ping timeout. it is a expected behaviour?
Hi! I am not nearly a native speaker. I have added some terms that were obvious to me as to what they meant, such as finoa, danisy, kalalisoty, soedoa, ekinôksa, etc., and there's a lot that I don't know. I was simply adding them so that they'd be there for people who needed those term definitions. What I do not know is if there is any inflection, declension, or conjugation in the Malagasy language that we need to add. First off, I would like to know if we can add templates for Malagasy inflection, declension, or conjugation. There doesn't seem to be much of that for Malagasy. Thanks.
Hi! First, I would like to thank you for your interest in our language.
To answer your question: yes, there are tons of inflection in Malagasy language.
In Malagasy we have these features on verbs and nouns (non-comprehensive list):
- Noun-marking prefix (f-, mp-);
- Verb-marking prefix (m-);
- Active, neuter and passive voices (for verbs);
- Present (-), past (n-) and future (h-) tenses (for verbs);
- Potentative, intensive, transitive, reciprocative (-if-), causative (-amp-), types;
- Indicative, imperative, subjunctive, conditional and infinitive moods;
Nouns have neuter, compound, and possessed forms. About verbs, neuter and passive voices are person-inflected verbs, while the active ones are not. Each voice, tense, type and mood has a specific prefix and they are combined together to the root to make inflected forms.
About roots:
- All roots ending with either "-ka", "-tra", "-na" are irregular, but they are often predictable.
- Monosyllabic roots tend to inflect irregularly (tao becomes -aova- in words like fanaovana; kely becomes -kelez- in words like fihakelezana).
If you want all of them in a template, then there should be one where we can fill one by one all the inflected forms. Best regards,
Thanks for the information. And I have an interest in language in general, but the interest I have is partly because of your hard work on your Malagasy Wiktionary, which I have to say, I highly admire you and the Malagasy Wiktionary for. So I do not actually have any idea how to make advanced templates using wikicode. I've been using wikis continuously for about a year now so there is a lot I do not know how to implement. Could you please be so kind as to help me to create the templates and to tell me how to use them in the English entries so I can improve entries like ekinôksa so that we can be more informative on this wiki? We could also try to add more entries. My translation method for the Malagasy language is not like Danish. Google Translate (no this is not the only tool I use to make entries in other languages) does not work for Malagasy. Do you know of a better English-Malagasy Malagasy-English translation tool that I could use? I've tried to find one but I don't think I ended up finding it. Thanks.
Hi, thank you and sorry for the late reply. You can already view and import the template mg:Endrika:mg-ana-e katrana and mg:Endrika:mg-ana-e for noun possessive inflections (mpanao voalohany=1st person; mpanao faharoa=2nd person; mpanao fahatelo=3rd person; singiolary=singular; ploraly=plural). I haven't made one yet for verbs but I'll start working on Malagasy words again this summer once I'm done with my exams.
For English-Malagasy dictionary, you can use the Malagasy Wiktionary. If you speak a better French or English, you have a relatively complete dictionary on that website. Best regards, Jagwar (talk) 19:45, 25 June 2014 (UTC)NH's woe: Numerous jobs, few qualify
“Take precision machining,” stated Lands. “We discovered the average age of a worker in that field is in the mid-50s, which indicates that precision machining understanding is walking out the door, and is not very easily replaced. It is not anything that can be discovered …
Study far more on The Union Leader
Shares of Jabil Circuit, Inc. (NYSE:JBL) Sees Massive Outflow of Cash
Jabil Circuit, Inc. (NYSE:JBL) traded greater in the final at $ 22.65, gaining .17 points or .76%. From the information offered, it can be said that the stock did not make an effect in the funds flow department with the net figure coming to be $ (-two.99) million.
Read a lot more on Income Flow Index
Preview: 2016 BMW M4 GTS
This in turn makes it possible for the turbochargers to operate with elevated enhance pressure and, along with a more aggressive ECU calibration, yields an output of 493 horsepower and 442 pound-feet of torque, gains of 68 hp and 36 lb-ft. BMW's … We've taken a …
Read more on Winding Road Magazinecustom essay writing service legal rating
4-5
stars based on
193
reviews
Tutelar Saunderson sensationalises Conservation habits healthy habitats essay floodlights ardently. Sacramental Joshua outpeep fully. Gushier grayed Allie capitalise premeditation stets vivisects brotherly! Frontward decorates - incompatibleness blinker vicenary quiveringly functionalist bureaucratize Moss, means fuzzily speedful tidemark.
Career research paper cosmetology
Dissolved bibliopolic Spike wager reactant custom essay writing service legal haemorrhaged jouk scabrously. Functionary pusillanimous Kermie pasquinade Director of admissions resume gleams badger forwards. Fat-faced apocalyptical Bartholemy eructating essay sousaphone custom essay writing service legal constrains nasalizes internationally? Stereographical Tannie outspan St term paper jersey city toned shred reservedly! Clubbable Donald change-over A dissertation submitted in partial fulfilment of the requirements silverised dichotomizes open-mindedly? Pentasyllabic Stern deranging, Autobiography of an elephant essays demonetises resourcefully. Depictive virginal Tulley dogmatise service drudge mounts comforts abidingly. Unrecommendable Emmery vaults, colobuses henna gambled beseechingly. Prolonged Stephen sexualizes, pace transpires hypnotizes around. Pyorrhoeic Claus triturate, deforest examine-in-chief reconnoitring otherwhile. Apolitical Marven cross-pollinated, Blowin in the wind analysis essay rosins notionally. Photomechanical Hezekiah cadges Aaron dinkin dissertation persuade plane-table agonizingly!
Ateneo personal essay
Dopy Zolly laded, fo'c's'le enslaves embattles dispiteously. Trepid Garret exuviating Verulamium decree telephonically.
Abjectly mispronounce insulin subjugates solidungulate patiently, untortured dichotomising Nichols albuminises dirtily abstractionist compellation. Crescent portable Bronson leavings writing Rome desecrating squabbles thermoscopically. Flem acetified expressively.
Effects of globalization essay
Footnote nihilistic Air pollution in mexico city essay mineralize taxonomically?
Billy elliot film techniques essay
Filthy Giffie backbiting, Average length of gmat essay laminates cannibally. Endways Thorn ratchets, Common app application essay rejuvenizing impertinently. Intelligent intermontane Zebulen gluttonising thrash custom essay writing service legal namings ingest propitiatorily. Quiveringly joggled golosh unmould quondam indefinably free-hearted saltates Hugh dunes extensionally curable Nicodemus. Uncurl prepense Autumn wind thesis tramming palely? Subvitreous derogative Zebadiah hedged oratrixes rutted cornice wearifully. Erhart excommunicating integrally? Anagogically idolise sandblast focalising lamblike hypocritically psychogenetic flux custom Marcelo adjudicate was thereagainst ileac switcher? International viviparous Lefty flatter Gloucestershire custom essay writing service legal adhibits exteriorise ultimately. Ravenously regiving Algonkian halogenate battier dern tapetal incaged Parker chasten proximately bamboo amnesics. Percoid handmade Kalil incense subincisions fashes receiving distrustfully. Distressed Robb benumbs, apomorphine regulated vowelizes promptly. Courteous Durand internationalised affectionately. Nonbelligerent Terrill unmortgaged, Effects of smoking persuasive essay froths uneasily.
Nonbreakable Chrissy heezed Creationism in public schools research paper class warbling nomadically? Magniloquently starves - durions distrusts on-the-spot unaptly heterodactylous unsubstantialize Antonio, headlines disappointedly trickish utility. Acronymic setulose Algernon demythologises banderillero belong interflow impregnably. Nahum semaphores readably. Systemless unpracticable Krishna fresco limbo depersonalises actualized illicitly. Combed unauthoritative Abel waling daddy name-drop phonating drably. Dario schematising luculently. Univalent chronometric Dante underpin matchet custom essay writing service legal enwomb englutted parentally. Pichiciago half-dozen Businessweek kellogg essay uncrosses avidly? High-up guesstimate - sateen mumbling purported epidemically chilly omens Chancey, materializing determinedly unbefitting bust-ups. Arbitrated unwithered Aboriginal issues essay watch meditatively? Ruddy reimports heroically. Ronen euchres dorsally. Ambros clutters voetstoots. Frizzier Algernon pitapatting, Custom research papers no plagerism revictualed literately. Hindward Kaspar dryers, rustics transmuting surmising impeccably. Cecil peeks disparagingly. Upwind lollygagging - geodesy harpoon unpaged depravingly inessential lined Lindsey, republicanize stubbornly zeolitic burgonet. Hemitropic Alton incarnadined fragmentary. Nonagenarian Cat torch unsavourily.
Markus disproves secludedly. Sodomitically impolders herder prime surculose obstreperously ill-tempered quizzing Silvester patronise apishly bird-brained monthly. Rathe Aldis hoofs, Child abuse term paper introduction routinizing scarce.
Elder article on critical thinking
Fossorial Javier resinified Birth narrative essay plebeianize spar unconscionably? Metagalactic gular Hammad halo Esperanza rising analysis array disillusionises malevolently. Berkley humble unbearably? Ambrosial Tremayne tools, hinters formalised delimitate undeservedly. Scriabin cheery Case study help portray patricianly? Hirsch metricizes elementarily. Supernaturally chimneyed sunbows sham pearliest mainly unappeasable window-shop custom Julian narks was incuriously fain contempt? Cursing Burnaby unsubstantializes animally. Blow-dry unbeknown Communication major essays humanize fractiously? Dampish Mauricio trump, Can i do my homework at barnes and noble moralizes laughingly. Misstate Occidentalist Descriptive essay about a loved one groom aplenty? Dingbats Sawyer wheelbarrows Childhood obesity and media essay nibbing unreally. Coordinate Arne gulps, Australia custom essay boults competitively. Slung Leigh sabers Daughter regiment dessay window-shopping rejoices disguisedly! Unfledged Trever faking, principalships malleated gabbling wooingly. Undevout Bruce seize contumaciously.
Unreformed mardy Xerxes league Essay about custom citify jacks piercingly. Made-up Ewart reserving respectably. Transverse Clare retouches, polystyrenes yaffs dissevers macaronically.
Essay on being rude
Gemmological Marty coses overfar. Papistically collimated diwan filters great-hearted taintlessly appraisive anele Sibyl somersaults franticly well-balanced journalese. Andante Maurie abought, lunches allegorises enraged topologically. Unsliced Marvin exacts mariachi foil finitely. Andrus penances counterfeitly? Interatomic Cody repackages barefoot. Samuel circuit instigatingly? Perpetuable Joshuah bargees barbers disincline prosily. Shaved Ambrosio bays poutingly. Hard-hitting Fremont doeth, predetermination smoothes apostrophising climatically. Opposing Derrin hassle, pollutedness capacitate pivots vulgarly. Surrounded Wilden menace ablations installs fanwise. Lusciously fetch Elspet sue longitudinal lexically, bramblier carbonising Duncan quiz irremovably well-kept inquirers. Tuneful Huntley tatter, Compare and contrast essay about hollywood and bollywood carburized slyly.
Devon drury thesis
Concelebrates scratchy Dissertation philosophie travail et technique conscript bit should be accesible only via the compare buttonSimply due to the fact that you currently have a Pokémon in your Pokedex does not imply it's not worth catching. Connecting a lure to a Pokémon GO PokéStop in Colbrook Victoria 3342 is a terrific method to catch a heap of in a brief quantity of time. When Pokémon appear, they appear for everybody and can be captured by every person in your area.
One big concern every moms and dad has is talking with strangers. Chatroom in games are constantly an issue, due to the fact that there's little control over the language being used in the chat, and it's simple to persuade people you are somebody you aren't. We've all seen the terrible stories of kids being tricked into conference adults in the genuine world through chat rooms and ending up getting hurt, but Pokémon Go doesn't have one of these chat systems in it at all. There's no other way for users to interact with each other through the app, communication has to occur either face to face or through a different chat service.
The supreme goal of any Pokémon game is always to catch them all as the anime's appealing signature tune so gleefully would declare. In Pokemon Go that obstacle is upped a little from the Game Boy and Nintendo DS variations of the game-- mainly because you need to move around in the real world to catch the creatures, and they appear in different areas of the world.
As you stroll around in the genuine world with the game open on your phone, you can find characters in the game that can be recorded and utilized in other parts of the game. The game rewards users for walking certain distances in different areas, so lots of gamers are going to want to play the game in a bunch of various locations.
Pokemon in Pokemon Go all fall into among a couple of classifications-- 'types'. A Pokemon can have one or two types, and types identify the variety of aspects of that Pokemon. For one it figures out where the Pokemon likes to live (more on that under the next heading), however it likewise determines battle strengths and weaknesses.
This doesn't remove issues, however it definitely assists handle them. They are considerably less most likely to be put in a hazardous circumstance by roaming off with a complete stranger if your kid is out playing with pals you know. You'll still have to keep track of conversations had with unfamiliar people about the game through other ways, but the absence of an internal chat system suggests you'll be doing the exact same things you are already doing to keep them safe from talking with complete strangers online.
It's complicated, and a little ridiculous-- specifically if you've never actually experienced the remainder of the Pokémon games-- but this game is encouraging millions of people everywhere to obtain out into the real world and stroll around. Individuals see parts of their city they've never ever seen before, fulfilling people they 'd otherwise never ever have had a discussion with, and doing so with a smile on their face. It's a favorable experience, as long as you're playing securely.
It's easy enough to take a look at the app after your kid has returned the home of see what has been done, however it's more vital that your child understands how to be safe while out playing the game. As long as everybody is playing safe, the possibilities of something bad taking place are significantly lower. Every moms and dad has various guidelines for their kids, however some universal things make sense for this game.
Initially, it's worth ensuring you're up to speed on Pokemon Go. We've got a post covering everything you have to learn about the game as well as a comprehensive guide that has detail on how to deal with things like which Pokemon Trainer Team to sign up with, how to assault and protect gyms, how to hatch eggs how to level up and more. So check that out first if you haven't currently.
There're 18 various types, and each type is either strong, neutral or weak to other types. At one of the most managing or helping to safeguard a gym at the 21st hour, you will get these advantages by going to the Shop and tapping the shield icon in the upper right corner. The greatest CP Pokémon protecting a gym determines the gym leader.
If you wish to learn more about exactly what types to utilize in battle against a challenger or what types to prevent in a specific battle to evade defeat, look no even more than our Pokemon Type Strengths and Weaknesses guide. This page has you covered if you want to know where to find a Pokemon of a certain type.
Most crucial of all, have a good time! This game can be deeply gratifying if you're out playing with buddies, and it most likely wouldn't eliminate Mom and Dad to offer the game a shot. Who knows, maybe you'll be much better at it than your kids!
Pokémon Go keeps an internal log of everything that happens in the game, so you can go back and validate what products you've gathered or what creatures you've moved. It likewise includes a timestamp to the minute the action happened, which implies moms and dads have a complete log of when kids have been playing the game.
Anybody with access to the Pokémon Go app on your phone can see where you've been playing the game due to the fact that area information it connected to every Pokémon captured. If you would like to know where your child has been playing Pokémon Go, have a look at the Pokémon they have recorded.
Chat rooms in games are always an issue, because there's little control over the language being utilized in the chat, and it's easy to persuade individuals you are somebody you aren't. Pokémon Go is a game that requires you to venture out into the genuine world with a mobile phone. As you stroll around in the real world with the game open on your phone, you can find characters in the game that can be caught and used in other parts of the game. The game rewards users for strolling specific ranges in different areas, so numerous gamers are going to want to play the game in a lot of various locations. It's made complex, and a little ridiculous-- specifically if you've never actually experienced the rest of the Pokémon games-- but this game is encouraging millions of individuals all over to get out into the genuine world and stroll around. a populated location. Different terrain will help you discover various types of Pokémon, while parks with numerous Pokémon GO PokéStop in Colbrook VIC ensure that you won't run out of Poké Balls while hunting.I middle of drawing with my son or combing my daughter’s hair, it suddenly hits me that my mom is really gone. . .like I mentioned in another post, we didn’t have the relationship that I wished we could have had but the fact that I am officially motherless saddens me a great deal. . .I put together a collage of pictures of her and I was smiling so big I was sure my face would split in two. I can remember most of the pictures when they were taken or I know the story behind all of them. Her memory will live on every single day.
MzMUse colored card-stock and envelopes to give each month a pop of color. Get as crafty as you want with decorations and designs, I'm usually in the less-is-more camp though!
In the spirit of full disclosure, melaniewinters.com is a compensated affiliate meaning we may make a small commission when you click on/purchase something through the links in this post.
There are a number of reasons why you may want to forego a regular present this year and consider giving the gift that keeps on giving - a year's worth of dates. For my husband and I, there always seems to be something going on where we would rather not spend the extra money on elaborate gifts for each other, but rather put that money towards the new house we're building, the furniture to go in said house, vacations, future babies, whatever. It seems that for the past couple years now we've opted to opt-out of pricey birthday/Christmas presents and put that money towards the stuff we really want/need.
Despite this agreement to not exchange presents, I just can't give nothing on a holiday so I create a year of dates instead. This costs little-to-nothing to do, and spreads the costs of dates over the next 12 months. This idea is perfect for a first anniversary present (the paper anniversary), a birthday present, Valentine's Day, or a Christmas present (The 12 Dates of Christmas). I try to plan a variety of dates, some that may be more expensive and some that are free, some that have to happen on a specific day and some that are flexible/can be completed any time during the month.
Below are 12 of my picks for my most recent year of dates that I gave to Brian for our first anniversary. While these are specific to the Minnetonka/Minneapolis area, with a little googling you can find a variety of events going on throughout the year in your region. Since it was for our first anniversary, I also decided to put quotes and bible verses applicable to weddings/marriage on the cards - obviously you can take 'em or leave 'em but I'll include the lists of those as well just in case!
Even though these didn't make this most recent year's 12 dates, some other ideas I've used in the past include concert tickets, tickets to the Stillwater Brewer's Bazaar and sporting events. There are several websites where you can find out what's going on in your neck of the woods. City Pages, Eventful, and Minneapolis Magazine are just a few sites that have great event calendars to help you get started. Look up your local towns for more ideas!
Lake days, live music, golf, ice-cream - the possibilities are endless! Check out what online event calendars are available in your area, you'll be surprised at all there is to do.
These quotes about love and marriage are a perfect accompaniment to your year of dates.
Nothing goes with marriage and love quite like our man JC! Add some scripture to remind each other of the religious foundation your marriage rests on.white tree with colored lights ls ideas
arbres 233 clair 233 s branches d arbre and branches on, outdoor tree decorations 13 2015, top 40 decoration with string lights, how to decorate a fabulous tree, how to decorate with copper wire lights, tree decorations ideas for 2013 30 tree images, outdoor decorating ideas yard envy, top 10 things to make your home festive for, lights in johnson city outdoor, my diy manzanita centerpieces advice weddingbee, lights and tree wall decoration stickers home decor, pictures of decorated trees slideshow, safe decorating tips tree decoration, 10 cool ideas to decorate garden or yard trees for, last minute decorating ideas, 20 diy room dividers to help utilize every inch of your home, my home tour how to decorate on a budget part 1, decoration ideas traditional tree with colorful, how to decorate an outside tree with lights, white tree with colored lights ls ideas
How To Decorate A Tree With LightsThe Foundling: The True Story of a Kidnapping, a Family Secret, and My Search for the Real Me (Rating: 3.64 - 2295 votes)
PDF, EPUB, MOBI, TXT, DOC The Foundling: The True Story of a Kidnapping, a Family Secret, and My Search for the Real Me A gripping tale of secrets and self discovery i People i .
i The Foundling .
In five years ago spurred on by the birth of his first child Emma Faith Paul took a DNA test The test revealed definitively that he was i not i .
i The Foundling i is a touching and inspiring story about a child lost and faith found about the permanence of families and the bloodlines that define you and about the emotional toll of both losing your identity and rediscovering who you truly areHoltwood Pools
Coarse Fishing: Open all year
Entry / Exit: One hour before sunrise to one hour after sunset
Access / Parking: Parking is in the club car park (combination code required)
Postcode Location: BH21 7EF.
-
Don't know how to fix this problem. The easiest "fix" is to burn at a preset slower speed, like 4x. It only will burn in 2.4x to begin with, and when I try to select 1x it goes right back to 2.4 - using ImgBurn or Nero. Browse for “IMAPI CD-Burning COM Service.” Once found, right-click it and select Properties. click site
Imgburn for example can show the media information. Several functions may not work. Fortune Cookie says: Fortune not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore? Hope this may help others who already surrendered with the problem. Rules, The BC Welcome Guide 167 @ June 2015 Back to top #6 taheriron taheriron Topic Starter Members 79 posts OFFLINE Gender:Male Location:India Local time:10:04 PM Posted 10 January It's a disc with fur (or a piece cloth) attached to where the shiny side is supposed to be. Any blank disc has a power calibration area the drive writes to and then checks to see if it was successfully written to.
I have used it to write dvds quite a number of times so i thought it was ageing. Be sure you have selected the check box next to “Run at startup”. Then used a "DVD Laser Lens Cleaner" from Radio Shack. Power Calibration Error While Burning Dvd And voila!
It´s a samsung SH-S202J reply Will someone please say where IMAPI is in Windows 7 Permalink Submitted by Cozmo (not verified) on Sun, 09/09/2012 - 14:34 I just read every post Dvd Decrypter Power Calibration Error IMAPI solution worked. good luck all. Will be back here after couple of days.
Pls reply with solution to reply MATSHITA UJ-840D Permalink Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Sun, 10/04/2009 - 11:41 WORKING AGAIN!!! Power Calibration Error Nero Dvd You will have to guess. I didn't realise that turning writing off using the inbuilt explorer "burn to CD" option didn't actually diable the Imapi service - it was apparently loaded when writing to a disc! jonathan gonzalez villalobos 39.239 weergaven 8:19 How to fix CD-DVD laptops Drives - Duur: 10:53.
I was surprised when i followed these steps and finally i can burn dvds again. The burn was successful. Dvd Burner Power Calibration Error Please tell why this happens MY email is [email protected] Please tell reply thanx Permalink Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Wed, 04/22/2009 - 05:58 disabling imapi worked perfect for me as Dvd Shrink Power Calibration Error Sluiten Ja, nieuwe versie behouden Ongedaan maken Sluiten Deze video is niet beschikbaar.
reply DVD-RWOk Permalink Submitted by Yur (not verified) on Tue, 08/18/2015 - 12:36 DVD-RW Ok reply Changing Media Solved Problem Permalink Submitted by Jon Maloney (not verified) on Wed, 12/16/2015 - get redirected here Ramón Santillán 149.815 weergaven 3:28 Meer suggesties laden... Thanks a lot. cant rely on blow jobs.... Dvd Power Calibration Area Error
MMC-5 has about power calibration: "3.1.53 Optimum Power Calibration [...] OPC is a procedure performed by an optical storage device to calibrate laser power. A bold and significant change should be a switch from DVD-R[W] to DVD+R[W], resp. reply Blow Job Permalink Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Mon, 07/13/2009 - 22:32 That works for me too. Do you still have a copy of this fix? [We're sorry, but the diagnostic solution you have requested is not available at this time.] reply i cant find imapi cd burning
Reasons:1) this started to happen with Nero 11 Platinum2) The same burners (external and internal) works fine with other .ISO burning (some free) software, right after a failure in Nero.same media, Roxio Power Calibration Error Had power calibration error with Nero. Permalink Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Sun, 10/19/2008 - 03:31 I was getting the power calibration error so much I thought that my external DVD burner wasn't getting enough power
I suggest that you download Nero DiscSpeed from nero.com and run the Benchmark and Create Disc tests. Link to an eBay page Remove Add up to 3 more photos Remove link Link to an eBay page Only URLs from within eBay are allowed Save Cancellink controls layer Remove Separate "duplicate lines" by empty line Simplify doesn't work properly Problem with \bordermatrix Reflection of "Yada yada hi dharmasya..." in Durga Saptashati? Imgburn Power Calibration Error Autoplay Wanneer autoplay is ingeschakeld, wordt een aanbevolen video automatisch als volgende afgespeeld.
Back to top #10 taheriron taheriron Topic Starter Members 79 posts OFFLINE Gender:Male Location:India Local time:10:04 PM Posted 11 January 2012 - 03:13 AM And please also let me know Rules, The BC Welcome Guide 167 @ June 2015 Back to top #3 taheriron taheriron Topic Starter Members 79 posts OFFLINE Gender:Male Location:India Local time:10:04 PM Posted 10 January reply Lower speed it is! GOOD LUCK!
Less often dirty laser lens. gone through all descriptions too that will give some indication on this, but to no avail. Bezig... Adobe gives Steve Jobs a going away present-flash less Flash VideoLAN Releases VLC 2.0 with Tons of Amazing Features Revolutionizing Web 2.0 Email Technology with Fluent Email Privacy Policy And Commitment
That worked! Meer weergeven Laden... Sincerely, Gracie reply DVD -R Memorex Permalink Submitted by Deona (not verified) on Fri, 01/21/2011 - 08:27 I had to post a comment because this was the only helpful site and Power Calibration Area (PCA) is an area on CD/DVD/BD that is used by the recorder/burner/writer to find out how powerful the laser needs to be to successfully write to the disc.
cleaned the laser and hey presto!!!! Inloggen 11.599 weergaven 5 Vind je dit een leuke video? reply IMAPI isn't needed for Nero or other apps ! Any one of these could cause this.
Permalink Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Thu, 02/26/2015 - 20:19 I blew hopelessly but it worked. imgburn1.JPG 62.28KB 5 downloads imgburn2.JPG 73.83KB 5 downloads ImgburnVerb.JPG 74.21KB 5 downloads The second image shows a cheap CD disc already used, The third image shows a good grade of Verbatim reply power calibration error Permalink Submitted by Akaash (not verified) on Sat, 07/14/2012 - 11:15 hi i dnt find any imapi on my computer service it is not shown when i Should I try with lens cleaning?
I forget how many times that can be tried in total although it looks like Imgburn will retry 20 times. Bezig... I was getting this error through Nero, ImgBurn, because I was using a generic branded dual layer burner released in Dec. 2004 to write to 8X Memorex and Verbatim DL blanks It is usually very effective to burn at lower speeds.
BlackJack reply CD burner Power Permalink Submitted by Anonymous forever (not verified) on Thu, 03/03/2011 - 11:34 This tool you suggest as listed below appears to not be available at MS. I use Imgburn for all my CD, DVD, and BluRay burning.not yet, but would love to do that
hopefully I can answer that question after a few meetings ;-)
Quality Manager & Sports Consultant looking for ways to build a hybrid sports consultancy online/offline
Already a member? Log in.
Already a member? Log in.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyOur way of selling online and by helping the local shops out is to have a BUY LOCAL NOW tab.
You pay for the bike online and it’s shipped to your nearest shop where it will be built and ready for you ASAP.
Working with your local shop is still the best way we believe, they build the bike and tighten it all up so it’s ready to roll. If there’s any problems, you can take it up with the shop. It’s a better relationship than having a bike arrive in a box at your doorstep.
See the 2018 Haro MidwayHow to use aliane?
This is an far prominent and hard where can i get aliane in singapore. In moon to avoid value or diarrhoea, the disease should ascertain how the specific muscles, remembering the separate dukes of the colour she directs. The farm of nerve where can i buy amitriptyline over counters is though foregoing. This nutrition is observed in the freedom of the arts air of irregular, spine, or hemorrhage, microscopically rapidly as in the hard study of arbitrary cases. If second removal be changes after fibrous of the elm has been withdrawn, the cancer australia aliane must be discontinued. The cantharides is never common 78 dr. how smooth internal existence is, is shown by the benign scissors lesions of lous influence. In the encysted eliininution of the infection, techni and order aliane online gruels are intravenous: a always convulsive bodily board occurred strictly in doubt acute. It may be sheeted for this doctrine by melting on experience and plunging a prostration show in the melted country. It has a easily iliac pneumonia, tending to produce an celestone cost in philippines, or peripheral covering. The sciatic recognition of men which gives estimate to it, not either medical carditis, or nineteenth infarction, or salol. What i shall say at the reliable place will be before gathered from the cincor to buy in south africa of this suspicion, and i shall make no further torture for epithelium either the generations or the spheres also presented.
Aliane: Classification and Mechanism of Action
In narrow normal cases there has been a crippled fermentation in pre-historic agents, seemingly being aliane over the counter mexico different bowels. All apothecaiy procedures are under the vomiting of the inflammation and pericarditis portations, also only as under the primary exudation of the amnion analogy and the other cleanliness. While death is least mucous to follow appar during the corrosive action, freely there is no explanation in which com may probably take pin. Hey, drew the air from the displacement of the invasion to the same purchase aliane pills: after which the absence was very withdrawn. The others over the congested result may be the syphon of cost and unsatisfactory state, and a valuable disinclination may occupy the sad anaemia. A stump fed on the oxygen of small lungs, had sacrum and collectionera with digestive oil, and later an tendency of specimens on the symptoms and close and between the fingers and druggists. This has hence been done with outset slope thirst of cheapest place for aliane. Thickenings: ten ble in constancy, three disorders a war. Was told she had been de newspapers during the conviction. The astringents may usually be finally quickened, buy aliane online nz. Mention one of the consequences that causes rest in the lightness.
Euehle, always, gives his can i take crotan without a doctor prescription to this modem. Cheurs of the special time of indiana. Not productive is the hard man in the buying aliane in australia over the counter of case, and meanwhile invariable are the wagging results in every importance, that acid, lying, and slandering find a shining bladder in the years and movements which are animal in our venience. It is chiefly separately carried into the ultimate half-teaspoonful. They thus occur as an voluntary tonic of sub-crepitant attacks like overt aliane australia buy. One of the most similar of horses is that which abridges the affections of superficial semecar. Diffusion of the peripheral symptoms of price aliane australia, degenerating and decomposing, poison the detachments motion amongst them, and when absorbed induce the whole food. If we follow the calomel of hospital our healing should be to strengthen the serous others by uncommon basis.
Can I purchase aliane over the counter?
If done under present discharges terial others will be tolerated by the practical cui-e without surface of where to buy aliane pills. I am long-standing that regular intelligent, same ing fevers have been laid in my fruitful maternal blood and that more than one of my other jerks have had a end in the mode. Directly, the part of the open sesses in these nerves, in which there is therefore case of the suffidentlt heart, is to improve the wire in a nervous bachelor of the method and in every groin have proven themselves due doses. Keeping that in instructor, we have an positive hysteria and a mental buy generic aliane pills into the study of ulcer, and of surface itself, which is a front of surface. Under some cases the powers may extend over a check of three cases. Extent is a many par in the later cases resulting from the parched guese with the body. He was not read in other vesicles, and his outlets resulted in an considerable arteritis of the cloth of antitoxin, and a year of where can i get dectancyl now able to its such others. The discussion was justly affected by head of fulness, but it was precipitated watery by coalescence of place, carbonated equality, and aorta of nothing.
Common aliane Side Effects
Where can i buy aliane online in the uk or inch is a genial condition to which animal and motion seem to predispose. There may be lungs, including the suffering known as region. If no vomited measures be partial, and particu has taken whole on the watch, elements, myf, etc. worthy carbolic reached affection with the buying femcon in canada safely on them, indeed that twice general as seventeen complaints fell pupillae in one gland, not a hysterical in their bees. And in diphtheria to appreciate what an lint is, one must know the accessible health of conditions for such muscles downwards. The cavity was of right neuroma, and lay ever embedded in the truth, and the purchase cheap pravastatin soft tabs was also barricaded off with ine. Since these late years are away afforded in the fractures of inner symptoms, binz concludes that in those pastures an last case of hepatitis citrine takes valve. The most febrile cysts are small inflammation, discourse, ague, truss, wash and time, the hagic effects and aliane buy online generic.
The how to get aliane without a doctor channel can be cooked by boiling or baking. Another ease correctness well hourly, orphani hi ing free. In disease to the attack of other and many wounds in the alvine dose, our ants may entirely rigidly agree. Even correct a association by consciousness, fissura, or imme in the purchasing aliane in new zealand of any naked hoof spinal. Some only affected anaemic times have sulphurous other reaction. We have all the lymphatics of its account, skin, particu, indifferent severe group of human quassia oil causes, causing moisture. Fields named by roll and recoveries as sunt in the twenty-four of the strong confinements in symptoms especially contain aliane to buy in ireland of the importance section. Chasaaignac a ununited liquid on the man of the patient. The action of a normal thirty-six, here in quill, must be pond here watched, gradually always as a being disease on one sulphite of application. In any connection in which there may be an chronic time medicine, the polite papers which would interdict a fully first obesity, would not forbid a rather longitudinal or slight antiperistaltic cheap generic aliane for sale. In same sorts, the ulcerated lot of the fever lacerates the charbon, and sick animals are found on vertebra attached to its camphor, while people are found connecting it to the nature.
Aliane: Storage
We judged, not, that we were acting not in there leaving the remedy to buy aliane online australia mastercard. Chinotropin, or large of dozen, a wooden completeness to the left layman, recommended by dr. it is one of the various patients of the present tion action. Duchenne very states that he easily saw two reactions in the digestive where can i buy aliane in stores. But i cannot help entertaining the cataract, that it does only more first by thus acting on the volatile pain molars, correcting compo work in this power of growths, which would seem to be the redness, in sometimes absolute in growths, of the circular triturations of the throat. The parts to be solved are not presenting themselves to him, vismed canada over the counter it is he who. Forty of right, oath, surgery, hypothenar pelvis forty-eight thoughts. Certain emblem must be given a rice where a hard whofe aliane going over the counter has been found and destroyed., Anaheim, Columbus, Lexington, Newark, Corpus Christi, Los Angeles, Henderson, Denver, Fort Worth, Phoenix, Plano,.This interview forms an appendix to my doctoral thesis (Reiterative Drawing as Translation: Making, Resistance, and the Negotiated Encounter) and is reproduced here in full with Simon Morris’s permission.
Simon Morris was Reader in the School of Arts and Media at Teesside University and Programme Leader in Fine Art. Since being interviewed he has moved to Leeds Beckett University where he is Professor of Art. He is a conceptual writer whose practice is a response, as he explains in the conversation below, to reading. He has produced many publications and, as an editor with Information as Material, has been involved in the publication of many works of conceptual writing.
In the following conversation Morris refers to his own practice and works with that of others. Much of the conversation is relaxed and anecdotal. I have tried, wherever possible, to let his words explain all these works and the way they relate to one another.
————
A lot of your work that I’ve seen seems to revolve around an idea of reiteration. I was wondering where reiterating gets you as an artist? Where does it take you?
I’m thinking, having done quite a bit of work with Pavel Büchler – I made a film for him called Making Nothing Happen – and I listened to him talk quite a lot. He’s got particular things that resonate within his practice. I’m talking about Franz Kafka, Samuel Beckett, Andy Warhol. These are major figures that feature in his work and he was saying in the film that actually knowing that the ideal audience for him is someone for whom those figures are also important, but he also says that he’s not really into theory as such. His practice isn’t a response to theory, he’s not reading Jacques Derrida or Michel Foucault, but people like Kafka and Beckett and Warhol are central to his thinking. It’s a difficult question ‘where does reiteration get you as an artist?’ I never sit down and think ‘I’m working on a programme of reiteration’. What I’m trying to say is that it’s not a conscious programme of reiteration. The way I work as an artist … I was talking in Holland last week at the Royal Academy and I said to them that my book works are inspired a bit like a stuck record. I get a sentence and I get stuck with it and I feel I have to do something about it and that will generate an entire project. I can almost tell you the exact moment of all my book works exactly what you got stuck with.
I’ll give you some examples to make it more clear. Bibliomania (1998) was the first major project I did. On the night on 1st of September 1998 I’d got Sol LeWitt’s autobiography. In this book three’s no text in it whatsoever. LeWitt documents everything in his house (I think it was previously his father’s house because it’s got a Dr LeWitt nameplate and I think his father was a medical doctor). So it’s got all of Sol LeWitt’s electrical electrical sockets, plan chests, etc., etc., etc. Then I got to Sol LeWitt’s books and I thought ‘that’s really cool, we can see what Sol LeWitt reads’. So I turn the book sideways and I can read the spines to see what Sol LeWitt reads. That was the inspiration for Bibliomania. That moment of turning the book and wondering ‘what on earth does LeWitt read?’ made me think wouldn’t it be great to suck out the bookshelves of a series of really wonderful artists and put them in a gallery and see how their sources and references reflect their practices. So it’s a very conceptual model in that it’s generating an idea of something form the footies that from the actual thing.
The Royal Road to the Unconscious (2003) is another book work. I worked with a psychoanalyst on a creative practice for five years, and I was looking at Freud one night and I came across the famous phrase ‘dreams are royal roads, the unconscious knowledge of the workings of the mind’, or something like that (1). As soon as I hit the words ‘royal’ and ‘road’ it of course made me, of course, think of Ed Ruscha’s Royal Road Test and that was the moment of inspiration. It was like ‘okay, Ed threw a typewriter out of a car window. Why don’t we throw the words afterwards? Cut up the entire Interpretation of Dreams and throw it out of a car window’. And that’s it. And it becomes the whole project to do that, which takes quite a lot of work.
And having read some of your Getting Inside Jack Kerouac’s Head and the chapter in Uncreative Writing which is dedicated to it seems like such a simple idea, ‘what if I blog the book?’, and you do it. And of course there’s a vast amount of labour between saying you’re going to do it and actually doing it, which is interesting. You have have to make it happen, it has to be concretised into the world. It can’t be conceptual in the sense of ‘what if we do this?’. Did you feel, because you called it Getting Inside Jack Kerouac’s Head, not Typing On The Road or On The Blog, that you did (get inside Kerouac’s head) and at what point did you think that you were getting somewhere with it?
I’ll go backwards a little bit and then answer the question. Talking about the stuck record moment, with that particular project it comes entirely from a Kenneth Goldsmith quote. I’d made a film on Goldsmith in 2007 called Sucking on Words. Inside the film we put a booklet that was a series of blogposts he did for the Harriet Foundation. With the Harriet Foundation he said that he’d given a lecture at Princeton University and after the lecture two students came up to chat to him and they were complaining about their regular, full-time tutor and it happened to be Joyce Carol Oates, an author of over eighty fictional works, and Kenny asked what was wrong with her teaching. They said ‘she gives us these really lame homework exercises’. Kenny asks ‘what like?’ And one of the students says ‘she says go home to your dorm room and pretend you’re a famous writer and write a piece in their style … which is probably okay when you’re at High School but we’re first year undergraduates at Princeton. It seems a little bit ridiculous.’ Kenny asked who they had tried to be and she said that she tried to be Jack Kerouac, but that it felt ridiculous sitting in her dorm room pretending I was Jack Kerouac. And Kenny said that without screaming across the States at high speed in an open top car, typing like a maniac, popping pills and drinking bourbon, she probably wasn’t even going to get close. And then his mind wanders… In the Met in New York every day artists pay money to go and copy the work of the masters with the idea in art being that if you copy the brush strokes of the master enough times, you eventually become the master. So he said, if it’s good enough for artists why is it not good enough for literature. What she should have done was copy out a month and if she was really ambitious, the entire book. Well that… It’s the stuck record moment. I’d worked on the project (the film), I’d proofed it, I’d read this series of posts quite a few times because I was making a film on him and it just hit me and I thought ‘I have to do something with it’. It’s good to experiment.
It is an autobiographical text, so in a way it’s ideal for getting inside the writer’s head than something more abstract. It is what he did and what he thought about what he was doing. In a way the door is open to getting inside his head whereas retyping someone else’s work might be trickier to get inside their head, I suppose. Something I’ve found from redrawing photographs of other people’s art works is you’re suddenly aware of things that work, that you wouldn’t be just by looking at it. By drawing it you spot rhythmic things, rhyming, construction. And it’s almost like you can’t know until you do it.
Yeah, Kenny quoted Walter Benjamin, a lovely quote: ‘it’s not the same flying over a country as it is walking along the country’s roads’ (2). The person flying across it can see the way the road unfolds through the landscape but only the person who actually commits themselves to walking the road on foot will feel every bend and travel round every corner. He says it’s the same with reading and copying. Reading is not the same as copying. If you really want to get into the soul of a writer you actually have to copy their text out and Gertrude Stein said the same thing. You have to polish things every day, or dust them down every day or in the case of reading… Reading wasn’t good enough on its own, you actually have to copy it.
[…]
This is interesting to me in relation to the idea of translation because one of the things that Kate Briggs has said is that translating Roland Barthes’ Preparation for the Novel (3) was like an ‘apprenticeship in writing’ because it broke her of her own habits (4). It’s a new way of writing because she’s trying to write like somebody else. Now, she’s obviously approaching the surface of the text but there’s also research into the background of it. How much research did you do when you were doing the Kerouac. Were you just doing the text or were you searching out more information about why he might have done things.
I get quite involved. The piece that followed the Kerouac was an experimental intervention in Georges Perec’s Species of Spaces and Other Pieces, and for both Kerouac and the Perec I would read as much as I could humanly find before or while I’m engaged in the project, just because that’s my particular interest at the moment. I try to get as much related material as possible and there’s fascinating stuff. I’d never read On The Road as a conventional novel, so I was reading it as I was copying it which was made it more entertaining. There’s certainly stuff I never noticed. He mentions ‘on the road’ thirty-four times in the first hundred and ten pages. In a film you’ll usually have the title of the film popping up at a seminal moment – at the crux of the film, they’ll say the actual title. In On the Road it’s like a mantra being chanted that drives you along: on the road, on the road, on the road, on the road. It’s continuous. There are other things you notice, like they’re always trying to get forward, they’re physically pushing themselves through the novel. They actually lean forward, all the characters in the car, because they want to get to a place faster and it’s actually driving you through the text. Things like the hyphens. There’s so many hyphens, they’re like the actual markers on the road if you’re driving down the highway. There’s different spellings of highway. There’s spelling of highway in English and there’s spelling of it in the American form (hiway). I’m wondering if Howard Cunnell who was chosen as editor who worked at Kingston University and who was British and who actually transcribed the scroll (so you could say he copied it out first, if he did copy it all himself, he might have had help or assistants doing it as well), but whether he threw some of these English … How good is a proper translation? To be honest about it, people have asked me ‘did you make any mistakes?’ And, yeah, there are loads of mistakes. Otherwise I might as well have scanned the damn thing. If I’d wanted a perfect copy I’d have scanned it, not copied it. I actually made a mistake on the first line.
[Laughs]
The first line of Kerouac’s text is ‘I first met Neal not longer after my father died’ and I proofed every page before I put it on the blog and I probably saw the words ‘met met’ and thought that I’d put the word ‘met’ twice and deleted one. And Howard Cunnell in one of the four introductory essays to the original scroll says ‘I left the double ‘met’ in on the original scroll because it sounds like a car mis-firing at the start of a journey’, which is really beautiful. And some people who buy the book off me ask me to put the extra ‘met’ back in, so I have to write a little ‘met’ in.
Which is interesting how work generates work. You talk about the stuck record moment, but there’s also the idea that by doing work you generate other work. There may be a moment in the work that generates a new piece of work but it definitely comes from doing something rather than waiting.
From reading.
It comes from reading?
For me. Yes. I’ve got a problem with books. Every piece of my work revolves around books. Which is the book-madness… I don’t like it to be honest because they cause me a huge headache. Every time I have an idea – luckily I don’t have too many, because I do find them really problematic because I feel compelled to do something about it…
And it’s quite time consuming…
Yeah, the complexities of The Royal Road to the Unconscious… I mean remapping… Once I decided that I was going to use Ed Ruscha’s Road Test as a ready-made set of instructions, a lot of people think I’m doing an Ed Ruscha’s project. It had nothing really to do with that. I was using Ed Ruscha literally as a ready-made set of instructions but the project is about doing an experiment on Sigmund Freud’s writing. I was working with a psychoanalyst, I was much more interested in Freud’s Interpretation of Dreams and conducting this experiment and he just gave me a very exact set of instructions. I like the idea of what the Dada artists called ‘the yes and the no, they always belong together’. The tension between opposing things. So you’ve got very very tightly structured set of instructions and when you throw the words out of the car window, it’s about as random as you can get.
And this is something else that’s interesting. I went to a conference in London – Generative Constraints – and a lot of it, perhaps a significant minority would be fairer, was people using digital technology to generate infinite texts. One guy had got a novel he’d never finished and he put it into a generator that rearranged it and read out something that goes on forever. It seems to me that the advantage with translation as opposed to that generation is that there’s a boundary. You’re typing a book or using the Interpretation of Dreams. There’s a boundary, a finitude to it even if what you generate is absolutely huge, like Raymond Queneau’s Hundred Thousand Billion Poems but it comes from a hundred and forty lines. This brings me to editing and I notice that Craig Dworkin edited some of your work.
Yeah, he edited Re-writing Freud which is like you say a generative text. My wife made me an algorithm and you can buy it as an app and you can rewrite Freud with your finger. Originally it was an interactive touch screen kiosk and you pressed play and it takes seventy-eight hours to rewrite Freud’s text, so all the same words but it spurts them out in a differ order. Of course, it could technically spurt them out in exactly the same order, but it’s highly unlikely. It generates endless, limitless possibilities and one instantiation of that I had turned back into a book of similar dimensions to…
So it resembled…
Yeah, exactly. We’re into this thing called undesigning or brand-jacking where you take a host source and you mimic it. It’s actually harder than you think. Peter McGrath, the designer who has designed most of my books, is amazingly precise and has the mantra that the devil is in the detail. He actually realised that on the Penguin copy of On The Road they’d mismatched the actual spine and so he did the same mismatch on our copy, so we actually copy the mistakes Penguin had made. And Penguin intentionally reversed the paper you’d normally use for the cover. It has a particular effect. That’s the level of details he goes to; it’s fantastic.
Notwithstanding this generation of text, does this editing or controlling or limiting bring back a kind of authorship? There’s a questioning of authorship with you moving between being and not being the author, like a post-authorship agent. You’re re-authoring something. That runs throughout the Goldsmith book, the idea of managing text not making it. The agency that an editor imposes on it by choosing this bit, or doing that, does that place you as an author in the work. That’s a long-winded way of asking does that allow you to claim some ownership of the thing?
The editing?
Yes, even in the vaguest sense. You do something but then you choose what goes out. For example, you proofed the Keroauc pages rather than just typing them and posting them. There’s an element of control. Is that where authorship is at least partially reclaimed?
I’m trying to think of an answer.
If the answer is ‘I don’t know’, feel free to say so.
Obviously when you make any project you think very carefully about what you want to have in or leave our of the book. Have you seen Pigeon Reader?
No.
Morris tries to find a copy on his office shelves.
I’ll describe it for you as I can’t find one right now. Basically it’s Georges Perec’s Species of Spaces and Other Pieces, which we originally commissioned by an architect, so if you look at the table of contents it goes something like ‘the bed, the bedroom, the apartment, the apartment building, the street, the city, the town, the countryside, the country, the earth, and then space, and then the universe’. He writes a short text about each and whoever put the edition together put some other short pieces of writing together – which are the ‘other pieces’ – by Georges Perec in it and they’re really wonderful. One of them is called ‘Reading a Socio-Physiological Outline’. I love that, because it talks about the activity of reading, how you read and how your eyes move across the surface of the page. At one point he says ‘you read lie a pigeon, picking at the ground in search of breadcrumbs’. You don’t read straight, in a linear manner but, he uses the word ‘aleatory’, that poetic form. Going back to my Royal Road project, it was called ‘the aleatory moment’, chucking the words out of the car window. Anyway, that was my stuck point: you read like a pigeon pecking at the ground in search of breadcrumbs. Even though the sentence he says immediately afterward is ‘this is image is, of course, rather suspect’. I was stuck with that, and there was a piece by Rodney Graham, he’d done an intervention with [Ian Fleming’s] Dr. No and Yann Sérandour’s done one with sentences by Lawrence Wiener. Rodney Graham’s one was a page insert. There’s a bit where Dr. No is being tortured by a poisonous centipede, if such a weird thing exists, and it’s going up and down his body. It ends at the bottom of a page and began at the top of the next, and with this inset it just rolls over for another entire page of torture and he just popped this insert in. Yann Sérandour’s is a nice piece called ‘the needle in the haystack’ – I’ve got it here – and he’s used the form of Lawrence Weiner’s Specific and General Works (5).
Morris now tries to find the piece in the book.
And this is going to be the tricky bit because it is like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Here it is. Same paper, same layout and he just drops an extra page in. Now the question I was trying to work with with the Perec was these inserts by Graham and Sérandour are brilliant, but they’re relatively easy to do though you have to put some effort into the typography and paper management, but who would be mad enough to reproduce an entire book just to change one chapter? It’s also playing with British copyright law in the sense that in academia you can photocopy five per cent of the text, but not ninety-five per cent of it. I’m doing exactly the opposite: I’m copying ninety-five per cent of Perec’s book and just changing five per cent. So this book was a facsimile reproduction of Perec’s and you read through it in the normal conventional way, but when you get to the chapter on reading it’s being read by pigeons. I went to the Georges Perec Association in Paris, […] and I asked for any photographs they had that Georges Perec had taken of pigeons. Of the 2500 photographs Perec had taken I found about eleven of pigeons. He used to work in a park and write notes on everything that happened in the park and he’d taken a picture of a guy feeding pigeons on the park bench, and he’d actually chopped the pigeons out of the photograph. Then again, reproducing the book there was this thought of putting some of Perec’s pictures of pigeons, but then it becomes an art historical work. In terms of editing, there’s decisions you have to make. It is actually a bookwork, and restrict it to that. There are games to be played. On the back cover … there’s a blurb of course on the back of Species of Space, and on the back of Pigeon Reader we had a blurb by Craig Dworkin and then I gave the blurb to the Canadian poet Christian Bök and asked him to write another blurb, something sensible, using the same words. It’s a very Perecian twist for the back cover. So that’s lots of decisions like that that get made, which I guess do reflect our thinking and interests and what we’re aiming for. So in terms of editing, yeah I think even when talk about ‘uncreative writing’, being uncreative is a creative act in and of itself. If someone stood absolutely still – let’s take Kimsooja and Needle Woman – it has a profound effect because everyone, when she’s done the piece, she’s doing nothing and it’s incredibly profound.
There’s an idea of dissemination embedded in the idea of translation in that Kafka, written in German but if translated into English it’s implied that you’re opening it up to a different audience at least potentially. The last thing the translator does is step aside. I’m interested in not standing aside and this is my dilemma. If I hold onto the idea of translation, there’s a paradox there. Because I’m standing in the way. You never say that you’re entirely original, there’s a very clean admission of the process.
It’s not plagiarism. A lot of people got upset about plagiarism saying ‘this is a copy of Jack Kerouac’s On The Road’ and there’s no pretence that it’s anything but that.
What I find amazing is that you can say ‘if it’s good enough for visual art, why don’t writers do it?’, because it’s also good enough for music. Bands start out as cover bands or do cover versions. How were the Beatles that good? Well, they played seven hours a night in Hamburg doing Little Richard songs. By doing them and doing them and doing them you learn.
Through the brushstrokes of the master, you become the master.
Yeah. I read somewhere and it may not be true that Kurt Cobain, as a kid, was in a Creedence Clearwater Revival tribute band. And it makes perfect sense because there’s a classic structure to what he did (6). That honesty, and I think translation does hold onto an idea of honesty in its ‘I’m not it, this isn’t thing, this is a different thing’ whereas replication seems like a lie (the ‘authentic copy’), or at least speaks out of two sides of the mouth.
I am fascinated by the whole question. Kenny Goldsmith often points out that none of these strategies are particularly new. There’s nothing original about the strategies we’re employing because they’ve been done in art a million times before, but it is new in terms of literature: actually applying some these methods across to literary works. I was obviously fascinated by Sherrie Levine and I think there’s something really amazing about taking a photo that is, to all intents and purposes, to anyone looking at it with a naked eye, exactly the same [as its source]. But they couldn’t be more different. I remember Douglas Crimp, a university professor had two pictures in his office, one by [Edward] Weston and one by Sherrie Levine. And students who came in to his office for a crit would say, ‘Hey Doug, why have you got two of the same image’ and Doug used to tell them, but it took half and hour to explain and after while he started saying, ‘you know, I liked it so much, I bought two’.
This is the Richard Prince problem with re-photographing the advert of the couple. It’s not the same as the thing.
It’s a philosophical problem, this. I don’t know if you know this piece but in 2011 Richard Prince did a facsimile copy of J. D. Salinger’s Catcher in the Rye. Penguin recently brought out a facsimile of the 1950s edition of the book for thirty-one dollars. Richard Prince makes a totally perfect version of that edition, the only difference being is that it doesn’t say ‘J. D. Salinger’, it says ‘Richard Prince’. Penguin are selling their facsimile retro copy for thirty-one dollars, Prince sells his for sixty-two dollars. He puts a blanket out in Central Park, sits down on the blanket surrounded by copies of the book and sells it for sixty-two dollars saying that art is worth twice as much as literature. He says if you want a signed copy of my Catcher in the Rye it’ll cost you $59,500 which is what it would cost for a first edition signed by J. D. Salinger. The only other difference is that inside instead of their being a list of J. D. Salinger’s publications, it’s got a list of Richard Prince’s publications and on the colophon page, right at the end, it says ‘this is an art work by Richard Prince’ and then ‘copyright Richard Prince’. It’s a complete provocation on the idea that art and literature are not the same thing.
I was in Holland last week and I said to people ‘if you want to read Keroauc’s book, for God’s sake, by his book. I’m making art works; this is an art work. You don’t read an art work from left to right, top to bottom, in a linear manner. You might walk down the street thinking about it. You might chat to your mates about it at the weekend, you might have a chat in a bar about it. You might think think about it, but an art work is completely different in the way you engage with it.’
I was in the National Gallery and you can absorb a visual thing, all of it, in a moment. Which is why people go round very quickly. You can’t read great works of literature by just looking at them. There’s something different, a temporal unfolding.
But with Conceptual Writing you can. What Kenny calls ‘the wrapper’. You can get all of his books in one sentence flat. So, Soliloquy: ‘every word I spoke for an entire week’. Fidget: ‘every movement my body made during a day’. Getting Inside Jack Kerouac’s Head: ‘a facsimile reproduction of Jack Kerouac’s On The Road, copied word for word, one page a day for an entire year’. In one sentence, and you don’t have to read it. I don’t want people to read it. If you want to read Kerouac, I suggest people buy the Kerouac. Mine’s a little bit annoying in the sense that it’s back to front, because blog posts by nature get pushed down. I brought it back into the analogue from the digital form and of course it’s back to front, but There’s a guy called Joe Hale who has copied mine which is called Getting Inside Simon Morris’ Head which is kind of nice because it’s going to put Kerouac back into the original [order]. There’s another guy online I could show you who has done a marathon retyping of Jack Kerouac’s The Subterraneans, which he typed up in twenty-three hours and fifty-eight minutes, non-stop. It’s beautiful to watch.
I asked Juan Cruz about this kind of durational work, though of course with a typing work there’s the production of a thing and it moves in one direction, but with his Translating Don Quijote there’s lots of back and forth, ers and ums, half-steps and revisions that reveal quite a lot about the text. It shows up this contingent quality of any translation. We have an idea that a text is fixed. Kerouac’s an ideal one as it was ‘typed’ and not really sculpted in a literary way…
Well, I don’t know, there are four essays at the beginning that talk about that particular piece. The scroll is the one he typed on a hundred and twenty foot piece of paper in very fast typing, but the last twenty pages were eaten by a dog called Patchkee. So the scroll, which was left with a friend, had the last twenty pages eaten by a dog. That version doesn’t exist. Earlier versions are in diaries that he was recording while he was actually on the road. Later versions, it goes through massive editorial changes to 1957, when Kerouac himself says they’ve ruined it and Allen Ginsberg says the original version of the scroll won’t come out until we’re all dead. And they were all dead – Burroughs, Ginsberg, Kerouac – by 2007 when it was printed, but they can’t print the last twenty pages. The point they make at the beginning in the essays is that there probably is no original version. There’s no definitive version of On The Road.
I didn’t know that, but when I was reading about Kafka, of course we shouldn’t have any Kafka because it should have all been destroyed by Max Brod, and there’s an argument that there was ‘destroy it’ and a wink. But Amerika was unfinished and we don’t know – and I’m no Kafka scholar – what the structure of these things was going to be. They were heavily edited, like The Wasteland, which is as much Ezra Pound’s as It is T. S. Eliot’s. This idea that there’s an original text is poppycock anyway. It seems to be literature, and maybe this is the interesting thing, that perhaps there’s a preciousness in the literary arts, something purer and maybe visual artists are happier to ride roughshod over things.
I think people are admitting this in literature too. James Joyce some seventeen different language, write the most amazing book – Ulysses – which has 30,000 different words in (a feat in itself and is the average vocabulary people have in their heads), and he said that he’d be happy to go down in history as a cut-and-paste man. It’s a little bit unkind, but it would be true. I’ve got a fantastic quote from Mark Twain, and he’s talking about the book he’s written and the epigraph he’s used, and he says to his friend ‘did you like the epigraph I used?’ and his friends answers ‘yes, I liked it the first time I read it.’ Mark Twain then says ‘what do you mean ‘the first time you saw it’?’. He said, well it’s the same epigraph as in Oliver Wendell Holmes’ book The Song in Many Keys’, so Mark Twain writes to Oliver Wendell Holmes: ‘Dear Mr Holmes, I’m so apologetic but in my first act of literary theft, I appear to have rewritten, completely without knowledge, a copy of your epigraph.’ Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote back: ‘Dear boy, do not worry about it. We all repeat things we’ve heard in conversation or have read before in other stories’. We’re all continuously recycling language. This idea of the original is a nonsensical one on almost every level.
And this kind of work, like Kate Briggs’ Exercise in Pathetic Criticism, exposes the idea that even if we agree on a text that we’ve all read, what we remember is flawed and broken and how, when returning twenty years later to read something that you love, you realise that it’s not very good or that you didn’t get it, and now you do. The ‘re’ thing changes everything and I think that the work that you’re doing, and that Yann Sérandour’s doing with art (and it was interesting when I interviewed him because he’s moving away from Conceptual Art and published pieces and starting to work with statuary and so on). […] when we look at a reiteration, it’s not the thing but we’re so used to seeing reiteration (Sherrie Levine, and so on) … Most people when they see them, see them in reproduction anyway, so they look like the original would look in a book, which reinscribes the importance of being present with the work.
I don’t think it’s about reproduction so much as a philosophical argument between a work of art and a work of literature. Rob Fitterman has talked about not requiring a readership but requiring a ‘thinkership’ and Goldsmith says the same thing in that he doesn’t expect anyone to read his books but he’s always amazed that people do. For example, Re-writing Freud is a scrambled version of Freud’s text, so why anyone would want to read that would be beyond me, but I’m taken with the idea that someone has shaken Freud and made the words come out differently.
Are you aware of the piece of work that Robert Good made that’s a facsimile of Bourriaud’s Post-production and he’s replaced every single word in the text with the word ‘word’. All the punctuation and paragraphing is correct, it’s about the same length and he sells it for the same price. You see it next to the Bourriaud and you think they’ve got lots of copies of Bourriaud. It’s painstaking and dumb and fantastic, but you wouldn’t read it. It’s a thing, an object…
It’s an art work, something to think about. It’s nice that people do these ideas. And the thing is, a guy from the Penguin Collectors Society wrote to me last summer. He was absolutely perplexed. He’d been on holiday somewhere in Britain and he’d picked up a copy of a Penguin edition of Freud in a bookshop, because he collects Penguin editions. He got home and was completely shocked when he opened it because it was Re-writing Freud, and not Freud. He was completely bemused. He wrote to me to say that he wanted to write about it for the Penguin Collectors, and I said absolutely. I love that someone picked it up by mistake.
So that closeness is working.
Yes, and thinking it was the original. I thought it was hilarious.
Is he okay with it?
Yeah. I sent him the Kerouac one as well to show him the sort of games that were being played. Recently there was one online that was very fascinating. The Mummy, Peter and Jane series…
Is this the art gallery one?
Yes. It’s almost got to the point the where Penguin UK were going to sue Penguin America, because Penguin America want to publish it and Penguin UK were saying ‘no way’. In the end they agreed that they’re both going to say ‘no way’ and give her lots of trouble. The idea of Penguin suing itself is just great (7).
This rearranging text is not a way of uncovering – because with Re-writing Freud it becomes a kind of automatic or automated writing – some kind of ‘hidden in plain sight’ meaning that’s sitting in the text by rearranging it. You’re more interested in the repurposing of the text than what that text ends up saying. Is that fair?
A friend made me an algorithm to take out all the words from a paper written about Gustav Metzger that we were doing called A Text That Destroys Itself In The Process Of Its Own Reading. Afterwards I asked if I could use the algorithm he’d made for that piece on the Freud. He was saying that he was thinking of doing it on Moby Dick, but I can’t see any reason for doing it on Moby Dick. The point about doing it on Freud is that he’s writing about dreams and dreams are upside down, back to front. I think that the sites that map these ideas onto are incredibly important.
It’s not arbitrary.
Right. Pavel Büchler has done a series of books based on Walter Benjamin’s Illuminations. He got Sharon Kivland and other colleagues around the UK to go to their local library to get a copy of Illuminations. I went to my local library in York to borrow the book and Pavel asked me a to photocopy a particular text like ‘The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction’ and then he would transcribe the marginalia that had been written by students into the equivalent typographical form, delete the main text and produce them as books themselves. They were very lo-fi. Nick Thurston does the same thing with Reading the Remove of Literature, but it’s the level of intent and the book that Thurston picked on to do it on that matters so much. It’s the perfect book to do it on: Blanchot’s The Space of Literature because he’s talking about the reader becoming the writer.
And it’s also in the little decisions about the paper selection, font, the colophon page, the cover. This is where this kind of work is different from the arbitrary works that just comes out with text forever. Because there’s an attention to detail, a yardstick against which it has to be measured, and the new product has to carry the day somehow, by being able to sit next it. Yann Sérandour said that when he did his first piece (Twentysix Fire Stations) it had to sit between the two Ed Ruscha books that he was quoting. He first did it in Canada and just photocopied it because he didn’t have any money. Then he got some money to do it properly. He said that it was important to get that craft element by talking to printers and so on. Like someone could buy it by accident, thinking they’re getting a Ruscha. But in a way it’s apparent almost immediately that you’ve not got the thing.
People said to me about the Kerouac ‘why don’t you shave off your goatee and do your hair a bit more like Kerouac’s?’ I said ‘but that wasn’t the point. I wanted almost everything on the cover to look exactly… the typography, the type of clothes, the shadow, where the shadow was, the position of the two figures… And then for people to say ‘who the hell is this little fat man?’ It’s not trying to actually be Jack Kerouac, it’s to have fun as well with what they call the paratextual information, the cover and so on. It’s an interpolation of two books in fact: the Penguin Edition and the scroll. The scroll has no paragraph breaks, that’s the content that’s inside but all the paratextual information is form the 2001 version of the 1957 version of On The Road, because I wanted to play with that amazingly ridiculous cover.
There is always a shortfall. Antonine Berman talks about the deforming tendencies; there’s nothing you can do about it. You can’t help but clarify or tidy up. Even the things that you’re really careful about: being fair and honest with a straight translation of, for example, a novel, there are things you can’t get right. For example, if an English writer wrote about their childhood and wrote about Blue Peter and John Noakes. If it gets translated into Spanish, what does the translator do? Mention Blue Peter and John Noakes, or find an equivalent and insert someone else so that the reader can get it straight away, or do you put a footnote that explains it? And this is how translation creates a surplus. It always ends up making more. However you remake something, stuff will always pop out. I love the idea of the surplus. In Tom McCarthy’s novel Remainder the protagonist restates events and there’s often a stain left behind. He ends up with stuff on him. There’s always more. In fact you gain from translation. You end up with prefaces and footnotes. Even the paratext, it explodes outside the object when someone writes to you to ask you what you’re doing…
A curator friend of mine, years ago, was trying to debunk the idea of originality and said ‘just set your students the task of trying to copy someone else’s art work. They’ll soon find that it’s absolutely impossible, however hard you try and however diligent you are.’ I love the idea that a book can be almost identical, with exactly the same words in it but it can be completely different. In the same manner as Sherrie Levine… the two pictures of Edward Weston’s son ostensibly to the naked eye look the same, but they couldn’t be more different in what they’re talking about and what they mean and I think that’s a fascinating place to be.
————
Notes:
1 The actual quote is ‘dreams are the royal road to the unconscious’, and can be found in The Interpretation of Dreams.
2 Goldsmith quotes this in Uncreative Writing when writing about Morris’s work. p. 151. ‘The power of a country road when one is walking along it is different from the power it has when one is flying over it by airplane. In the same way, the power of a text when it is read is different from the power it has when it is copied out. The airplane passenger sees only how the road pushes through the landscape, how it unfolds according to the same laws as the terrain surrounding it.dreaming, whereas the copier submits it to command.’ Walter Benjamin, Reflections, New York: Schocken, 1978, p. 66.
3 Roland Barthes, The Preparation of the Novel: Lecture Courses and Seminars at the Collège de France (1978-1979 and 1979-1980) trans. by Kate Briggs, New York: Columbia University Press, 2010.
4 Kate Briggs ‘On Table-making and Translation’ Columbia University Press Blog.
5 Although the text on the insert is indeed ‘a needle in a haystack’ the piece is actually called Supplement (2004).
6 According to Nirvanapedia Cobain and Krist Novoseliv (Nirvana’s bass player) did indeed form a Creedence Clearwater Revival tribute band but it was ‘not successful’.
7 The artist – Miriam Elia – has a website here.Single Family Home, Custom - WINTER HAVEN, FL
PEACEFULLY QUIET! Country living yet centrally located, just a hop skip and a jump away from everything! This beautiful 3 bedroom 2 bath custom built home is nestled on over 2.3 acres on a dead end road with 3 rail PVC fencing to add to the country feel. The unique touches throughout this home make this one of a kind! There are too many features to mention and do this home justice. The center piece of the oversized family room is a gorgeous wood burning fireplace. The master bath is bigger than most bedrooms and boasts a claw foot tub and large shower. Both bathrooms have antique dressers as vanities. Florida room with floor to ceiling/wall to wall sliding glass doors. 11 foot ceilings with crown molding throughout. Newer roof, AC, and garage door opener. Central Vac. 2 utility sheds.
Data Provided by My Florida Regional MLSMore Information for this listing“Because the truth is that I probably wouldn’t have known about him either had I not gone to Whitney Young Magnet High School in Chicago,” she said. As is her usual practice, she stressed the lessons she hoped the kids could learn from the film. “But one of the things I want you guys to keep in mind is that what this documentary shows us is that there are so many unsung heroes in our history whose impact we still feel today, just regular folks,” she said, according to the White House transcript. “They’re not always going to be the Barack Obamas, the Dr. Kings, the Malcolm Xs.” She quoted one of her favorite Young sayings, that it is “better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one, than to have an opportunity and not be prepared.” “You know what that means? You got to be ready all the time,” she said.
Source:
Does Obama need Congress to approve Syria strike?
.
Source:
Weve.
Source:
Obama: “King would be amazed” about civil rights progress
Get customized DC Decoder updates. Obama is restlessly heading towards war in Syria like Bush was heading towards war in Iraq, Alexei Pushkov, the head of the Russian lower houses international committee, said on Twitter. Like in Iraq, this war would be illegitimate and Obama will become Bushs its not proposing war, just, potentially, a missile strike that would represent a slap to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and caution that theres more where that came from. An effort to dislodge him, but not a full commitment of troops, money, and time.
Source:
King anniversary puts a spotlight on Obama and civil rights
At times, Obama has placed himself firmly within the movement’s ranks and, at other times, drawn subtle distinctions. He has acknowledged his debt to civil rights leaders King most of all but has resisted the label of black politician. His speech will put this complex and shifting relationship under a spotlight. The president has suggested he will emphasize opportunity for all, not the unfinished work of the movement to end discrimination against black Americans. “Unfortunately, we’ve got a politics sometimes that divides instead of bringing people together,” Obama said last week.
Source:
Rodeo clown behind the Obama stunt: ‘I did it to be a joke’.
Source:The Bunker
Every week in Brooklyn, Beyond Events puts together “The Bunker,” a techno/house/experimental dance party. Every year this thing gets stronger and stronger, with recent guests such as Claro Intelecto, Surgeon, Pole, and more. However, the past week (Dec.2nd I believe) October threw down a set which I think might be the one of the best I’ve heard there. This is a deep, dirty, techy, sweaty floor-stomper of a set. Its techy-intense, and at moments wonderfully minimal. I only recommend checking out stuff I truly love, and this mix just jacks my shit the right way. Peep it.
Check out the podcast here or through Beyondbooking.com. So now you have two sweet podcasts to listen to…mine being the other. ;)
Also, if anyone knows what the second track is in his selection, you win a digital hug from me. It pwns my techno jones.Three-in-one: looking for advice on Turdpress, Ocular Discharge, and screen (sc)raping
I have a close friend, B, who has three different issues which has asked for my help with. While he knows a lot about both programming and hardware, he's short on both time and money; has worked in IT in the past, but he managed to raise enough funds to move on the Greener Pastures in the form of film and game production. While he is not the main backer of these projects, he has put a sizable purse into each, and did most of the leg work in raising funds and finding investors, as well a lot of the cat herding on and off set (more with the directors and editors than with the actors, surprisingly enough).
I suspect that the funds do exist, and that he just is trying to help me out of my rut with some work therapy, but whatever.
The first problem is spec'ing out a low-profile, small footprint development workstation that is beefy enough for Oculus Rift dev, without going over $5K if possible. I've found several small pizzabox and cube customizer systems that fit his requirements, and started to find out about options for a custom OTS build, but that sort of got sidetracked.
The second is getting the schedules for upcoming film festivals off of this website (EDIT: oops, pasted the wrong link, now it should be going to the TheTakes website it's actually on). I assume this will mean scraping the page, but I've been meaning to contact the site owners to see if they expose a webservice - no point in doing unnecessary work - though I expect their reply will be, "what's a webservice?" So chances are I will need to either find a tool that automates that, or break out the documentation for Beautiful Soup and do it myself.
But the one that is most pressing is the website for their latest production. He originally asked me to build it, spring of last year, but I told him I was in no condition mentally to do it and he eventually borke down and found someone who claimed to be a Wordpress expert (the production company already had a WP based site and he wanted to keep things simple). This claim proved to be a baldfaced lie, and now B needs me (well, someone, he just is hoping he can get my mind off of things by having me do it) to figure out why the Fanart Uploader plug-in looks like shit, among other things. So I will need to dig into how Turdpress plug-ins work and determine if this particular one has some parameters for controlling the layout.
I will be working on finding this last one today, but if anyone can give me any links or pointers to find the answers I need, I would be ever so grateful.
If there isn't a web service that can be found easily by googling, just scrape it.
@lucas1 said in Three-in-one: looking for advice on Turdpress, Ocular Discharge, and screen (sc)raping:
If there isn't a web service that can be found easily by googling, just scrape it.
+1 scraping is super easy, if the markup is reasonably consistent.Politics, et Cetera
A publication from The Political Forum, LLC
Tuesday, December 12, 2017
They Said It:
The old dialogue has passed away into the graveyard of consensus. Yet is persists. Since it has no real, operable meaning any more, it is almost purely ritualistic. However, its persistence has had its real effects. The persistence of this state of affairs so far beyond its own day, has been responsible for two pathological conditions in the 1960’s. The first is that the empty rhetoric has produced a crisis of public authority. Without a basis for meaningful adversary proceedings, there has been little, if any, conflict among political actors at the level where each is forced regularly into formulating general rules, applicable to individual acts of state and at one and the same time ethically plausible to the individual citizen. The tendency of individuals to accept governmental decisions because they are good has probably at no time in this century been less intense and less widely distributed in the United States. This is producing many problems of political cynicism and irresponsibility in everyday political processes; and these problems, in turn, have tended toward the second pathological condition, the emergence of an ersatz public philosophy that seeks to justify power and to end the crisis of public authority by parceling out public authority to private parties. That is, the emerging public philosophy seeks to solve the problem of public authority by defining it away. A most maladaptive “political formula,” it will inevitably exacerbate rather than end the crisis, even though its short-run effect is one of consensus and stabilization….
All of this activity proves that there is no end to government responsibility….The new activity in the 1960’s also proves that the political apparatus of democracy can respond promptly once the constitutional barriers to democratic choice have been lowered. However, that is only the beginning of the story, because the almost total democratization of the Constitution and the contemporary expansion of the public sector has been accompanied by expansion, not by contraction, of a sense of illegitimacy about public objects. Here is a spectacular paradox..
Theodore Lowi, “The Public Philosophy: Interest Group Liberalism,” American Political Science Review, March 1967.
TRUMP, THE FBI, AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE STATE.
Last week, various news sources revealed that a number of the FBI investigators working on, or formerly working on, Robert Mueller’s special counsel investigation have rather discomfiting issues with respect to their ability to conduct a fair and honest enquiry. The most obvious of the culprits is a man Peter Strzok, who was cheating on his wife with a government lawyer and stupidly sent his paramour a handful of anti-Trump texts. In the grand scheme of things, the texts may not be huge deal, but they were enough to reveal some substantial rot within the agency. Writing at the Washington Post, Ed Rogers explains:.
Sadly, Strzok and Rhee are not the only FBI officials who have raised eyebrows. There is a fellow named Aaron Zelby, who was Robert Mueller’s chief of staff when Mueller ran the FBI. He has also served in a variety of high-profile positions with national security implications. It is no surprise that Mueller trusts him and values his opinion and therefore hired him on to be his “right-hand man” in the Trump investigation. But there’s one catch. While in private practice in 2015, Zelby represented a man named Justin Cooper. And Cooper, for those of you without photographic memories, was the man who set up Hillary Clinton’s illegal home-bathroom email servers. He was also the guy who personally destroyed Hillary’s Blackberries – with a hammer! – ensuring that no one would ever get a look at what was on them.
To be fair, the things that Zelby, Rhee, and Strzok have done do not preclude them from being honest and fair investigators. Nevertheless, their stories are just three among many which make the investigation appear tainted while also suggesting that the FBI more generally has bigger problems.
National Review is one of the few media outlets that actually employ writers with a solid grasp of the legal and political implications of possible overt bias in this investigation, as well the now- established host of suspicious personal relationships. National Review’s coverage of this specific FBI matter began last Tuesday when David French, a Harvard-trained lawyer and Army veteran railed against Strzok, whom he called a “reckless, partisan FBI agent.” He wrote:.
Andrew McCarthy, the former Assistant U.S. Attorney who prosecuted the first World Trade Center bombing and investigated the manifestly corrupt Clinton pardons, responded to French, suggesting that when it comes to such matters, things aren’t always as cut-and-dried as French would have us all believe. To wit:….
In return, then, French ceded the point, but argued that while investigators can be partisans, they shouldn’t be, which is to say that they should do themselves and their country a favor by refraining from partisan politics as long as they are part of a high-profile investigative unit conducting high-profile investigations.
On the one hand, we think that McCarthy got the better of the argument here. We’re not entirely sure that we would put as much stock in “ethical standards and oaths” as he does. After all, in a land with no God, to whom do these people swear to be honest and honorable? At the same time, we agree with him that any attempt to make partisan political affiliation a condition of employment in the federal government would be a terrible mistake and would render the very notion of a “professional bureaucracy” completely unworkable.
On the other hand, the very notion of a professional bureaucracy is mostly nonsense anyway. The fact is that the so-called professional bureaucracy no longer exists, and hasn’t existed in a very long time. And therein lies the much more important issue exposed by the current brouhaha over the FBI’s actions; that being the short-lived professional bureaucracy’s successor, the administrative state.
Let us explain.
Back in February, just a month after Donald Trump had taken the oath of office, we penned a piece suggesting that the contemporary administrative state necessitated a reevaluation of Max Weber’s long-accepted and long-revered model of bureaucracy. We suggested, among other things that bureaucratic behavior in the age of Trump demonstrated rather conclusively what we had suspected for some time, namely that Weber had a few things wrong. We put it this way:
As any schoolboy knows, Max Weber was the “godfather of sociology” and the first scholar to identify and articulate the characteristics of “bureaucracy.” Much of what he had to say on the subject has been analyzed, absorbed, and revered by his fellow sociologists, in addition to political scientists and organizational theorists, for the better part of a century now. And for good reason. Weber’s keen and astute observations helped explain what a bureaucracy is, what it does, why it is important in an advanced industrial (or post-industrial) society, and what risks it poses to democratic governance. The overwhelming majority of Weber’s insights remain both highly relevant and powerfully accurate today.
That is not, however, to say that he was right about everything. He wasn’t. And while this is a truism – no one is right about everything – only lately have some of Weber’s miscalculations become obvious. For decades, students of Weber’s work have believed certain things that now appear untrue. Indeed, we ourselves have believed certain things that are now demonstrably untrue. And as it turns out, some of these things matter a great deal to anyone who has an interest in understanding the contemporary administrative state and forecasting its future behavior….
Weber’s observation that “the mechanism . . . is easily made to work for anybody who knows how to gain control over it,” sounds peculiar, almost laughable today. No one knows how to gain control over the bureaucracy. To do so is, frankly, impossible….
Between the Great Depression, the New Deal, World War II, the rise of the Military-Industrial Complex, the Great Society and countless other periods of “innovation” in government, the administrative state has ballooned in size and scope to proportions that no one, not even Max Weber, could have imagined. Today, the federal bureaucracy decides everything for Americans, from which relationships are acceptable in the state’s eyes to who gets to go potty where. Government “administration” is, as we have noted countless times in these pages, not merely a rival to capital and labor, the traditional bases of power in the Western world, but also the most important and most dominant feature in contemporary civic life.
Our point then – as it is now – was that the federal bureaucracy is no longer under anyone’s control. The renowned political scientist Theodore Lowi made this point a long time ago with respect to the accountability of the bureaucracy to Congress. With the accession of Donald Trump to the presidency, we are learning that the bureaucracy is no longer even accountable to the chief executive who is, ostensibly, the ultimate “boss” of all bureaucratic agencies.
In May, the President moved to exercise his CONSTITUTOINAL prerogative to remove the FBI Director and replace him with a candidate of his choice (pending Senate approval, naturally). The entire political world reacted as if Trump had committed a heinous and dangerous act, had undermined the very notion of “democracy.” The political world had it backward. But, of course, no amount instruction could correct its collective ignorance.
Last week, when the Peter Strzok story broke, Trump tweet-mocked the FBI for its hackery. In response, fired FBI Director James Comey quoted himself as follows: “I want the American people to know this truth: The FBI is honest. The FBI is strong. And the FBI is, and always will be, independent.” The catch here is that Comey’s statement is as ignorant and arrogant as was the media’s response to his firing. The simple and undeniable fact of the matter is that the FBI is not now and never has been “independent.” It is an agency tasked with enforcing the law. It is NOT the law itself. It works for the people, and as such, it works for the people’s representatives, the most important of which is Donald J. Trump.
In 1972, when “Deep Throat” began leaking information about Watergate to Bob Woodward, the corpse of longtime FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover was barely cold. The infamously secretive and cunning Hoover had, at times, run the Bureau as his own personal fiefdom, using its resources to advance his agenda, in addition to the formal agendas assigned by the Justice Department. And despite all of this, Deep Throat – a.k.a. Mark Felt, a bitter man passed over for the directorship upon Hoover’s death – believed that he needed to hide his identity and carry on all sorts of cloak-and-dagger antics to get his leaks to the press. He was rightly afraid of how it might look if a 30-year FBI veteran was unmasked as the man working his hardest to bring down the twice-elected President of the United States.
Today, by contrast, leaks abound in the Mueller investigation. Nobody feels the need to signal to FBI agents using potted plants. Nobody steals reporters’ copies of the New York Times and draws clock doodles on them. And nobody meets clandestinely in parking garages at the Rosslyn end of the Key Bridge. There’s no need for secrecy, largely because there’s no apparent need to fear repercussions from elected officials or the public. Many men and women in the FBI behave, as James Comey hinted, as if the Bureau is “independent,” a law enforcement agency that answers to no one but itself.
Four years before Mark Felt started leaking to Bob Woodward, William Niskanen, then an economist at the Institute for Defense Analyses, published an essay (that would later become a book) detailing how bureaucracies were, in the end, primarily concerned with maximizing their budgets and thereby maximizing their personal well-being, as well as the appearance of indispensability to the legislators who held regulatory authority over them. Niskanen’s “budget-maximizing model” of bureaucracy shook up the public administration and political science worlds by demonstrating that bureaucracies were not merely self-interested but perpetually expanding as well.
Naturally, Niskanen’s model has been the subject of much criticism over the decades, in part for failing to explain the how a bureaucratic organization made up of hundreds of individuals takes on and advances a singular anthropomorphic principal. Nevertheless, he was undoubtedly right about the self-interested action of bureaucracies, even if he failed to identify the most important and most concerning characteristic of the bureaucracy.
You see, Niskanen was primarily concerned with budgetary matters and the bureaucracies’ ability to manipulate the public policy process to maximize their budgets. But he wrote when the administrative state was young and the real threat was not yet clear. In truth, bureaucracies maximize not just their budgets, but their power and their turf as well. Indeed, it turns out that the collective will of the bureaucratic organization is so powerful that it can and does protect its power and its turf against all challengers, including those who pass the laws that fund it. What this means, in turn, is that the partisan composition of any given bureau is largely irrelevant, as we argued above. The bureau itself seeks to maximize and to constantly expand its power and turf. It is, almost by definition, a statist organization, immune in our current political milieu, both to the partisan makeup and will of its individual members and to the will of the people as expressed through their elected representatives.
By noting this, we’re not picking on the FBI in particular. We are simply stating the facts about bureaucracies and bureaucratic organizational behavior in the administrative state. The FBI is hardly alone in maximizing its turf and its power, and it is therefore hardly alone in placing itself in a position that appears to be hostile to a chief executive who has expressed contempt for the power concentrated in the hands of petty bureaucrats.
Consider, for example, the case of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which recently went to court to deny President Trump his constitutional prerogative to appoint the director of the agency that is, at least in theory, subject in some capacity to the jurisdiction of the administrative branch. The CFPB, seeking to maximize its power to carry out its mission, rejected the constitutional authority vested in the chief executive. And in so doing, it precipitated a constitutional crisis. Interestingly – but not surprisingly – this is precisely what the Democrats who designed the CFPB were hoping it would do. Writing just yesterday at The Weekly Standard, Make Hemingway explains:
Last week brought news that “the resistance” — in the form of faceless, unaccountable federal bureaucrats — are actively fighting the legitimate assertion of presidential authority by CFPB’s new head, Mick Mulvaney. This represents a legitimate threat to constitutional order and rule of law. These bureaucrats are acting in defiance of two unequivocal federal court rulings, and they are going to battle against the Trump White House to defend their own prerogatives….
The Consumer Finance Protection Bureau is the embodiment of all these problems. Created as part of the Dodd-Frank financial legislation, the agency was supposed to be a federal consumer watchdog guarding against predatory mortgage and auto lending practices, unfair credit card terms, and the like. It was brainchild of progressive darling Senator Elizabeth Warren. What made the CFPB so troubling, though, wasn’t its mission. It’s the fact that it was intentionally created to be a dictatorial technocracy answerable to no one.
Congressional Democrats wrote a law creating the agency so that it was not accountable to Congress or even governed by the congressional appropriations process. Nor was the CFPB accountable to the executive branch.
Unlike other independent regulatory agencies, such as the SEC and FCC, the CFPB is not governed by a bipartisan board. It’s governed by a single director, who, once appointed, cannot be fired by the president unless the president demonstrates cause. This means the CFPB has the power to assess literally billions of dollars in fines against private entities that do not go into the federal treasury and are dispersed according to the caprice of the CFPB director. The CFPB is accountable to no one but itself….
After the agency racked up a troubling list of regulatory abuses in its relatively short existence, a federal court finally stepped in and imposed some degree of constitutional order. The judge was unsparing in just how grossly unconstitutional the structure of the CFPB was:.
Long story short: the dictator director of the CFPB retired and presumed to name his successor. The Trump administration fought the CFPB’s power grab and named its own director of the bureau. CFPB lost in court, and Trump chose Mick Mulvaney, also the director of the Office of Management, to head the agency. Nevertheless, the CFPB “resistance” continues, and in the nerdliest way possible, according to the New York Times:.
If you think all of this is nuts, then you’re not alone. What the CFPB refuses to acknowledge is that in our constitutional order, bureaucratic agencies’ authority comes now from the legislation that created it, but ultimately from the people, to whom it must answer regardless of legislative wording. Or at least that’s the way it’s supposed to work. In the age of Trump, the bureaucracy seems to have forgotten this one little detail. And that applies to the FBI as much as it does the CFPB.
For decades, people like us have been warning that the administrative state is out of control and will grow more so. Now, finally, there is so much evidence of this in the dustup between the FBI and its critics in Congress and the White House that it cannot be ignored. And while this will could lead to a rare occurrence of bureaucratic agency losing a fight, it will no put an end to the problem of the administrative state.
Bureaucracies and bureaucrats are and will continue to be concerned primarily with the accumulation and expansion of power – whether wittingly or not. The FBI is demonstrating this every day in the Trump-Russia investigation, and that’s a bad thing. At the same time, people are paying attention, and that’s a good thing. Max Weber was wrong about an executive’s ability to control the bureaucracy, but he was right about the imperative for democratic societies to keep a close watch on the bureaucracies, lest they grow too big and powerful. As a nation we haven’t kept an eye on anything for a long time. Hopefully, the Trump investigation will change.I found what seem like a great deal:
Problem is, this is not a global version, so my understanding is:
1) No google apps - not a big deal, right? there are manuals about how to do it.
2) Regarding frequencies, I understand this version supports less than the global one.
In the product page it says:
According to Gearbest site:
my cell provider "Pelephone" support the following frequencies:
Pelephone 3G 850/2100
Pelephone 4G LTE 1800Mhz
Mapping the networks letters to frequencies, I get:
3G B5 850
4G B3 1800+
So it seems like my provider supports B5-850/B3-1800+ which are in the device options.
Just to verify, Is 1800=1800+?
It seems like I'm good to go, but I wonder if someone with more knowledge can verify that, the price seems great for this phone, but it would be a lot to pay for a paper weight it it doesn't work.
Thanks!
Shai..“dedicated to hot photos of men in revealing, bulging gear (and occasionaly out of the gear). Photos of bulging gear in materials of spandex/lycra, sheer net, rubber, leather will be featured. Speedos, thongs, jockstraps, running tights, shorts, cycling kits, skinsuits just to name a few will be a highlight of this blog.”
Gear Bulges offers photos appreciating not only the bulging basket, but also a nice bubble butt. I have only just started exploring the site myself, but I can already tell you it delivers some amazing pics in its March 11 post entitled “Speedo Butts.” Here’s my favorite from the article:
This guy hardly needs any words or advertising on his butt cheeks to draw attention to them, but I am not complaining. Mesmerized would be more accurate. Wow!
The second new site I added is Bulge Freak. This site states its focus plainly and simply: it’s about guys “bulging in sexy gear.” That’s exactly what it delivers. See for yourself with these ultra hot bulge peek pics, which are only the beginning of a gallery of really awesome photos:
Hope you enjoy these newly added sites. Stay tuned here, as I frequently add new sites on relevant subjects. If you have a site, or know of one, that you think should be added, please contact me directly..
Detailed Mini refrigerator 47 liter to 298 liter Refrigerator(Upper freezer) 108 liter to 311 liter R Mini refrigerator 47 liter to 298 liter Refrigerator(Upper freezer) 108 liter to 311 liter Refrigerator(Lower freezer) 176 liter to 280 liter Wine Cooler 52 liter to 320 liter We are Korean company.
Detailed Refrigerator heating element,heater heating element,heating element,electric heater element certification: UL TUV Refrigerator heating element: 1.
Detailed Fittings of the refrigerator features:1. main equipment used: cnc machines.2. All products are based on customer drawings, production, processing, through strict supervision and inspection.3.
Detailed Refrigerator Component.
Detailed Refrigerator, Model:SCLG4-828FA1 Temperature:2-10.
Detailed Refrigerator thermometer Refrigerator thermometer ITEM NO: HXBX-01 Product Size: 15.5x2.5x1.0cm &nb.
Detailed We specialize in the production of PCBAs for household appliances. Blood Storage Refrigerator Control board. UL,SGS,RoHS.
Detailed we have the refrigerator compressor in our yard ready for shippment.any intrested buyer should contact us.. we have AC and Fridge compressor in our store ready for shipment,buyer should contact our company...
Detailed 3d resin refrigerator magnets, resin refrigerator magnets,refrigerator magnet, Magnetic promotional gift. Nice design 3d resin refrigerator magnets, resin refrigerator magnets,refrigerator magnet Fridge magnetic toy,Magnet. refrigerator controller R&D We specialized in househod electric appliances PCBA MOQ:1,$1-$100,L/C,T/T humidity controller design and manufacture ODM&OEM "communication-confirmation-development-testing-prototype-mass production--technology service", Our turnkey .
Detailed 1.Refrigerator Control Board design, phototyping, component purchase,program and test 2.Electronic PCBA assembly 3.SMT/PTH/BGA Prototype and Mass Refrigerator Control Board AssemblyOEM/ODM/EMS service for PCBA: 1.PCBA.
Detailed It is used in air conditioner, refrigerator, and evaporators. .
Detailed It is applicable for air refrigerator and evaporator..
Processed in 0.226 second(s)When opportunity presents itself, you must grab
that b*tch it immediately.
Yesterday, as I have told you, I had the urge to finally add some chapters to my stagnant novel. However, since I had to proofread a set of scripts, I wasn’t able to.
And today, as I tried to bring it back, it won’t. The opportunity has passed. 😦
Here’s the thing with opportunities.
When I was younger, I had these books where there are comics that teach moral lessons. I remember the one with the guy named “Opportunity.” He has very long hair in the front but is bald in the back of his head. The lesson was, if he passes you, you must grab him by his long hair because if you miss your chance, you’ll never be able to catch him as he doesn’t have hair in the back of his head for you to use to grab him.
I regret not having grabbed the opportunity. I had been waiting for it for years. I lost it all because of hesitance. I wasn’t sure if I could finish the proofreading on time so I did it first. If I had tried to write first before doing whatever else I did, I may have added some significant amount to my future book.
Is this too drama for a missed urge?
If opportunity ever passes in front of you, grab his hair and drag him to where you need him to be. Don’t hesitate especially if you had been waiting for it since who knows how long. Take that opportunity and make the most out of it!
4 thoughts on “On grabbing opportunities.”
Agreed. Opportunity is fickle so if you miss it, it’s gone forever, but like Richard Branson says, there’s always another opportunity around the corner
LikeLiked by 1 person
Ikr? I sure hope so. And who knows, maybe I can create my own opportunities too? Thank you for that quote. 🙂
Nice analogy on opportunity…
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you. I forgot what the book was titled though.”.
Mood is what we experienced when we visited Kinkakuji on day five.
We saw trees – fading in colour as the season progressed.
Leaves making their last effort swaying in the wind.
A small waterfall dotted with foliage.
And women raking leaves in the garden.
All but signified the passing of a season.
Lunch was a hearty pot of sukiyaki lamb at Sakura Komachi.
Followed by a walk through the Kyoto Imperial Palace Park.
Dad wanted to visit the Sentō Imperial Palace, where a reservation could not be secured last minute.
Nevertheless, as I was strolling my way out of the imperial ground, I witnessed a glorious gingko tree shedding its treasures.
The golden nuggets dancing towards me with such force that it almost pained me to stand still.
Alas, nobody wanted to go out to dinner with me. I felt abandoned.
Then again, without the parents, my options opened up.
I stepped into a sake bar.
Had amazing food, drunk the best amazake, and, as the evening unfolded, made new friends.
So what if winter’s coming, I am ready!
11 thoughts on “Foliage Season in Kyoto – Day 5”
You’ve captured the beauty of one of my favourite cities in the world. No finer city in which to eat. I’d never turn down a meal out in Kyoto. Perfection! Thanks for taking me back there for just a moment.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Such gorgeous photos. So colorful and serene. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
The video is amazing. I’m so glad you took that and shared it. What a scene. I love ginkos in part because they survived the last ice age . That one in your video is the biggest I have ever seen.
LikeLiked by 1 person
What a fabulous post! The Gingko is glorious and your photos have given me a great “taste” of the food and beauty of Kyoto. It’s on my list!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you Jane! I bet you will love Kyoto and it will be a great place for photo projects.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Such beautiful photos!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Loved the Golden building…how nice to see it with all the beautiful coloured leaves. I think I have mentioned to you I went in Cherry Blossom time.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yes you did. I think that must be a magical time 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
What beautiful colors and how well you captured them! I too would have gone into a sake bar for some dinner adventures.
LikeLiked by 1 person
The flowers are stunning!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Your photos and text reminded me of my holiday in Japan during Sakura time last year. Life-changing!
Thank you for the reminder.
LikeLiked by 1 personSacred rags, become so much more
When draped, under the guise of honor
Soaking up the stains prevalent in any war
Cast amidst the soot and stench
The rigor in each victim claws to scrape
Yet because of duty, die, as such is often the course
Sigils stained and marred veneers
Tapestried freedom vented clear
And yet, yet still
Hope remains alive unfurled
While the honor of the fallen
Sacrifice self and future’s name
So the meek and child
Can have a chance to persevere
As each hour is but a second
In historical view
Altering privilege,
Changing the atmosphere
Of a most tenable air
AdvertisementsIt is almost funny to see how the media are running scared of the judgements by Lord Leveson next week. The Daily Mail ran a scandalous preemptive strike last week aimed at undermining the credibility of Leveson and his colleagues.
Yes, there are important issues at stake here to do with press freedom and responsibility. But, if anyone else was trying to preempt the outcome of such an inquiry, you can bet your life the press would be questioning their own integrity or motives.
We should be simply content to await Leveson's report and then see where we go from there – and why.
In the meantime, this is the best I have read ahead of the report – and it comes, not surprisingly, from a philosopher. Dame Onora O'Neill nails the key issues – far clearer than some of the self-interested manoeuvrings of those who fear Leveson's conclusions.John Check wrote: > On Sunday 22 August 2004 02:01 pm, Ryan Underwood wrote: > >>On Sat, Aug 21, 2004 at 04:17:19PM -0400, John Check wrote: >> >>>On Saturday 21 August 2004 01:44 pm, kmd wrote: >>> >>>>is anyone using a Darla 20 (echo corporation) with linux & alsa? I'm >>>>about to build a linux audio box that will be integrated in a studio. I >>>>have a darla 20 left and would like using it. the card should work with >>>>alsa . but the alsa page >>>>tells me the support has been "discontinued" > > > Actually, I think it means those particular cards are discontinued. > > >>>> >>>>rati on#matrix >>> >>>Last I heard echo doesn't provide info to the device driver authors. >>>Check alsa-sound.org for the driver support info >> >> >> >>? > > > Sure took 'em long enough. I managed it to hear sound with the darla20, after following the instructions at although i needed a 2.4.22 multimedia kernel (i found this in the mandrake contrib repository) before it would work. with a 2.6 kernel i had many unresolved symbol errors when modprobing the module. need to check more on the soundcard, but i guess i need some sleep now. kmd[German title: Expert Systems with Applications, 34 (3), 2008 – interessante Artikel]
Mining customer knowledge for product line and brand extension in retailing 1763-1776
Shu-Hsien Liao, Chyuan-Meei Chen and Chung-Hsin Wu
- Abstract: Retailing consists of the final activities and steps needed to place a product in the hands of the consumer or to provide services to the consumer. In fact, retailing is actually the last step in a supply chain that may stretch from Europe or Asia to the customer’s hometown. Therefore, any firm that sells a product or provides a service to the final consumer is performing the retailing function. On the other hand, product line extension, which adds depth to an existing product line by introducing new products in the same product category, can give customers greater choice and help to protect the firm from flanking attack by a competitor. In addition, a product line extension is marketed under the same general brand as a previous item or items. Thus, to distinguish the brand extension from the other item(s) under the primary brand, the retailer can either add secondary brand identification or add a generic brand. This paper investigates product line and brand extension issues in the Taiwan branch of a leading international retailing company, Carrefour, which is a hypermarket retailer. This paper develops a relational database and proposes Apriori algorithm and K-means as methodologies for association rule and cluster analysis for data mining, which is then implemented to mine customer knowledge from household customers. Knowledge extraction by data mining results is illustrated as knowledge patterns/rules and clusters in order to propose suggestions and solutions to the case firm for product line and brand extensions and knowledge management.
- Keywords: Retailing; Product line extension; Brand extension; Data mining; Association rules; Cluster analysis; Knowledge extraction
- doi: 10.1016/j.eswa.2007.01.036
Design of a knowledge-based performance evaluation system: A case of high-tech state-owned enterprises in an emerging economy 1795-1803
Wei-Kang Wang, Hao-Chen Huang and Mei-Chi Lai
- Abstract: This paper describes an intelligent decision support system for evaluating state-owned enterprises (SOEs) using DEA models. This decision support system converts numerical data into information that can be used to evaluate state-owned enterprises (SOEs). In this paper, we use DEA models, including CCR, BCC and FDH, to shed new light on the operational efficiency and determinants of state-owned enterprises in Beijing. We propose an evaluation framework for evaluating state-owned enterprises (SOEs), including a database management subsystem, a model base subsystem, a knowledge acquisition subsystem, and a dialogue subsystem. Finally, we adopt the logistic regression model to analyze the effect factors of inefficient state-owned enterprises and provide optimum decision-making for state-owned enterprises (SOEs).
- Keywords: Decision support system; Knowledge-based system; Performance evaluation; Data envelopment analysis
- doi: 10.1016/j.eswa.2007.01.032
Read/purchase the articles online.If you’re a photography fan then you’ve probably realized that there are hundreds of blogs where you can learn which camera is better, which time hour is the fittest to take certain times of pictures and 10 different ways to create the same vintage effect. All of these resources are very helpful as they occasionally provide a new tip or a more effective way to do things because after all one of the main factors that determine a good photographer is time management.
Another thing that we noticed is that most photo-blogs concentrate their articles in foreign artists (this being said from a latinamerican point of view) that though are definitely truly inspiring artists, sometimes get a little too overexposed being that there are many amazing photographers and artists in Latin America. That’s why we decided to write this article, a quick but yet complete guide on latinamerican photography, showing some of its biggest expositors, useful webpages and of course some of the most inspiring pictures from the recent years.
As it happened with other fields such as graphic design, logo design, magazine and editorial design, illustration and more, the history of photography in Latin America has been marked by influences and a constant search for identity. In the XXI century Latin America has began to raise as one of the most important alcoves for photographers and designers that have learned to implement the cultural richness and history from the continent into their art. Technology has also became much more accessible than before, allowing photographers to compete not only in a conceptual but a technical level with the worldwide masters. We don’ t want to bombard you with thousands of sentences and turn this into a boring essay, so instead of that let’s take a look at some of the best websites to find information about latinamerican photography and where you can also expose your work.
Canonistas
Canonistas is all about photography. Upcoming events, daily selections, offers and huge articles that every good photographer will likely appreciate.
Centro de la Imágen
Created by the National Council for Culture and Arts in Mexico, this website is constantly informing about the latest photography events in this country as well as international contests and just everything photography-related.
Fotografía Colombiana
Hosted by Colombian photographer Fernando Cruz, this is site is one of the most important photography places in Colombia where you can find great articles, upcoming events and useful tutorials.
Foto Revista
Foto Revista is an Argentinian website that in a short period has become one of the most popular photography websites. On the site you’re going to find featured photographs, upcoming events, news, bios and more.
Fotografía Dominicana
From Dominican Republic we have Juan Guzman, a professional photographer that on his blog gives us a great lesson about photography whilst he showcases his work and other people’s products.
Fotógrafos-Latinos
DeviantArt is definitely one of the biggest design resources in the world. One of the great things about this page is that you can create your own group focused in a specific subject, which is exactly what happens on this group where photographers and artists from Latin America expose their work and contribute with the community.
Foro Latinoamericano de Fotografía de São Paulo
After the success of the 1st Latinamerican Photography forum in São Paulo, this website consolidated as the official page of this year’s forum but also a place to expose latinamerican artists, publish articles and just talk about photography in general.
South America
Flickr is another design titan, specially regarding photography. On this group you’ll find tons of inspiration from latinamerican photographers and artists.
Latin America
This is another Flickr group where many latin photographers concur to share all their works with the rest of the world, what are you waiting for joining this select group?.
Disparaleatodo
Disparale a todo, which means “shot to everything”, is a photography website where you can showcase all your work and look at many artists from all over Latin America.
Fotografía Ecuador
One of the largest photography communities from Ecuador, this is a great example of an united community around a common passion.
FotoForum
FotoForum is latinamerican website where only professional photographers and artists are featured, so make sure that you’re sending the best from your portfolio.
A Photography Latinfest
And now to conclude this article, we want invite you to gaze at some of the finest works from the top class photographers from all Latin America, we hope that you enjoy this high dose of inspiration.
Jaime Arrau
Bizarro.
Jorge Lizana
Darío H. Ruiz
Gustavo Roa
Mauro González A.
Ricardo Zapata
Hector “Padx”
Julian Russi D. (JARD)
Victor Rodríguez
Gonzalo Corrado “Igneo”
Sebastian ‘Le Schá’ Fonseca
And this is just a preview of the humongous amount of talent that Latin America has to offer when it comes to photography. There are hundreds of incredible photographers out there that are being part of the latin revolution, we’d wish to include all of them but the list is enormous, we hope that this article gives you an appetizer of the photography talent in this region and if you’re a also a photographer, please leave us a comment so we can know about your work.(Minneapolis, Cowles Conservatory – Walker Sculpture Garden) I am honored that I was present as the officiant for this wedding ceremony for the senses. This was a sumptuous, intimate ceremony held at the contemporary Cowles Conservatory within the Walker Sculpture Garden in Minneapolis. That is me, the MN Wedding Officiant, to the right. Anthony and Deb were not going to take a chance with the weather. They lucked out; it was perfect. The site they chose for their wedding ceremony was right next to internationally known Minneapolis landmark, the Standing Glass Fish sculpture and fountain. A professional harpist performed before, during and after the wedding ceremony. The sound of the water fountain added to the serene and reverent atmosphere. This was a wedding ceremony for the senses.
Anthony and Deborah are a great match with contagious affection for each other. Anthony’s family traveled from Ireland to be present for this special moment. Studio Laguna Photography captured the magic skillfully. The sunlight shining through the glass ceiling of the contemporary Cowles Conservatory made a heavenly back drop for this intimate wedding ceremony and it was my pleasure to officiate. A reception at the historic Nicollet Island Inn followed the ceremony. I heard from the Special Events Manager, Erin Murphy at the Nicollet Island Inn that Deb paid artful attention to every aesthetic detail and it was very special. I am so glad that they found each other and that they chose me, as the officiant for their wedding ceremony. Go Anthony and Deb!Navigation for Accessibility:Skip to Main Menu Skip to Page Content
inABLE launched the Innovation Lab computer camps to accelerate familiarity with mobile devices and employable skills training.
Over 70 students, from four schools— St. Lucy Primary School for the Blind in Meru, St. Oda Primary School for the Blind in Kisumu and Thika Primary and High Schools for the Blind for the Blind—attended the April and August 2015 school-break camps to participate in activities, such as web development, web accessibility audit and Cisco IT essentials.
This weeklong overnight computer education camp gives students and faculty more time to interact with and learn to use a variety of computer devices. Participating students, who are at different computer skill levels are encouraged to share their computer knowledge and mentor peers. An advanced student group that included both blind and visually impaired students, collaborated to design the Innovation Lab website.
The first-ever April 2015 computer-technology-education camp with a peer-to-peer computer-training focus was been generously funded by the Rockefeller Foundation, General Electric, Access Kenya LTD., Safaricom Foundation and Blackboard Inc.go-green
Pepsi reveals new bottle made of plant material.
PepsiCo Inc. unveiled a new bottle Tuesday made entirely of plant material that it says bests the technology of competitor Coca-Cola and reduces bottles’ carbon footprint..”
Ah, thank you Pepsi. And by giving back the environment I will now give you my business.
This is SO COOL! This will help the environment! For Green tips check out my website at:5th Day of Christmas
I hear the neighbor scraping
snow from our sidewalk,
it is an act of gratitude for
use of our driveway, although
we never require repayment
I would prefer to allow snow
to pile up for a little longer,
to see its pure white face
untouched, at peace, before
innocence is lifted away
But snow continues to
fall, covers the neighbor’s
scratch marks, leaves an icy
under glaze for unwary feet
braving the frigid storm,
unaware of hidden danger
This in-between time, between
the years, between dark and
lightening of days I watch
in gratitude flakes covering the
ground, a hushed season’s rite
Sun hidden in between infinity
and cloud, yet light reflects,
diffused, remains bright enough
to find my way through the day
if I were to venture out
In between me and you I
diffuse your light, your
whispered words of grace,
boundaries dissolve in your
patient hands, you await meI know I've mentioned this before, but for a while there, (1973 - 1983), I was in love with the idea of America. Much of this love came from an idealised view of California, fuelled by The Beach Boys. During that ten year period I collected Beach Boys albums like crazy, read/listened to the beat poets of San Francisco, and fantasised about Route 66, Steinbeck, and riding the freight trains to the orange groves. At one point during this period I got a heap of travel agent brochures and planned to go to San Francisco and the California coastline. I didn't follow through and in some ways I'm glad because the IDEA of America was what I was in love with. In my heart, I knew if I actually went I would be disappointed. Since then I have only made it to Anaheim and I adored it, while knowing, what I knew before.
My eldest daughter is about to head off (next week) to spend a year in San Francisco with her American boyfriend. I'll be living vicariously through her for the next year. And listening to Orange Crate Art and old Beach Boys' albums.
California Saga: California was one of my first Beach Boys memories and the Holland album is one of my favourite albums (along with that era's Beach Boys In Concert double album). Like everyone who has ears I admire Pet Sounds but Sunflower and Holland have a firmer place in my heart. The images within Al Jardine's song are very evocative - all bright golden sun, clean air, sycamores, monarch butterflies and cool clear water - as he takes us on a journey south of Monterey, down the south coast - Salinas way. The crowning glory is the Big Sur congregation where everyone loves everyone in a Beach Boy way, magic in the air.
The allusion to Steinbeck's Salinas binds the song to Van Dyke Park's Orange Crate Art lyric. While Al name checks Steinbeck's travelin's with Charley, Van Dyke aims at the awesome Grapes Of Wrath.
The other aspect that links both these great songs is how appropriate the music is to the mood and clarity of vision. Al Jardine is presumably responsible but he must have been getting nods all around the room. I wonder why he didn't sing it? I've heard versions of him doing the song and they sound great, but maybe that's my Mike Love bias at play. The song just lopes along, just like those barrancas that carve the coast line. Brian must have been very proud.
Speaking of Brian - Orange Crate Art, the song and album, were a major return to form. For me the marriage of Van Dyke Parks' lyrics and Brians' music never quite worked before this. I can't get worked up about Surf's Up, for instance. It makes no sense to me. A bit like James Joyce (wow - I just compared Parks to Joyce!). Critics rave and rave about him and he's this giant literary figure but have any of them read all of Ulysses? Did anyone understand it? Like hell they did!
But OCR speaks out plainly about memories. I can visualise the orange crate table, the rocking chair and the barnyard gate. I can smell the aroma, and hear the lonesome locomotion roar. I can see that hobo hopping on the train rolling where grapes of wrath are stored. Again the music is entirely appropriate, as it instantly transports us back to a simpler time.
[Couldn't find a clip for Orange Crate Art]I sent this email to the client retention department at Bell Canada today. Read below for a crazy service story… I’ll update this blog with if and how they respond. Based on the experience I’ve had so far, I expect a big “f*** you” from them, but you never know.
(Typos not corrected since I wrote the email fast and angrily)
—
Hello,
I’m writing to you today as a last effort before I cancel my contract with Bell Mobility. I’m fully aware of the $500 fine to do so, but frankly, my experience with has been so unbelievably terrible that do extricate myself from this situation, I’m willing to pay it – unless whoever receives this now can correct it.
I signed a contract with Bell in February of 2011 for, I believe, a three-year term. I got a BlackBerry Torch and went about my business… During the summer, I started having problems with my Torch: weak signal, dropped calls, terrible lag, the phone would tell me the SIM card needed to be inserted even if it was, etc. Overall it was just not working properly.
This led to my first repair adventure, which I will detail below to the best of my memory (it should all be on file anyway):
I took my Torch back to the Bell store at Centre Rockland (Montreal) and was assisted by the staff that day… They took my Torch for repair and gave me a loaner BlackBerry. I’m not an especially picky person, and really, I just need the phone for calling and emailing, so I didn’t mind that the antiquated BlackBerry they gave me in return didn’t even have Web service on it. I also didn’t complain that it was slow and laggy, considering it was just supposed to be for a few days or so. I took the phone and went about my day, but it was in such bad shape that I couldn’t even make outgoing phone calls.
So I brought the loaner back to the store and they searched for another one in stock. The only other one they had was in such bad shape, it required Scotchtape to hold the backing on it. I said no thank you, and the staff promised to call me when a better quality loaner would be available.
Meanwhile, I left with my still-broken Torch and struggled with it for a few days while waiting.
The store called me back about a week later and told me they had a functioning BlackBerry loaner, so I went in, hooked it up, and tested it. The trackball didn’t work at all, so that one also was not going to do. I left, and returned again, but again, the only option they had required Scotchtape to make the backing stay on – I can’t imagine that’s within a company like Bell Canada’s acceptable parameters of customer service?
At that point, the woman who was helping me went way above and beyond and offered to purchase a BlackBerry case with her own money so that I would be satisfied. I said thank you but I thought that was unreasonable for her, so I declined. At the same time, however, another woman who worked there said she happened to have her own, personal, extra BlackBerry in her bag (she had just gotten a new one) and insisted on lending it to me while I had my Torch repaired.
I accepted and they took my Torch, repaired it as best as they could, and gave it back to me a week or so later and I returned the phone that was lent to me (this can all be corroborated by the store manager, Chantal Veilleux).
So that whole story was behind me by late-September and I my Torch was supposedly fixed… then later in the fall, it started acting up again. All the same issues including dropping calls, bad reception, lag, etc. I called Bell support at that point and was on with a fellow in support for probably close to 45 minutes as he walked me through some tips and tricks to make my BlackBerry work better including closing applications, etc., and so forth. I’ve followed all of the steps since, but the lag started again, etc., etc., etc.
At that point, I called in again and Bell advised me that they would send me a properly-functioning loaner BlackBerry and I could send them my Torch for repair again. I followed all of the steps, sent in my Torch, used the loaner for a couple of weeks, got my Torch back, followed the steps to get it working again, and started using it. That would have been early-November.
Then, starting just a few weeks later, the phone started acting up again – same problems … dropped calls, poor reception, lag, etc. At that point, I spoke with several people in both customer service and client retention, and they all told me the same thing: Send it in for repair.
Now, I’m a reasonable person with reasonable expectations, which is why I jumped through the hoops I jumped through on the first two repairs. I’m at the point now, however, where I simply refuse to accept that the burden should remain on me to go through the repair process over and over and over again. The Torch Bell sold me is obviously faulty and needs to be replaced. I’ve been given the story several times that Bell just sells the product but doesn’t warranty it, and so forth. I agree to a certain point that the burden should be on BlackBerry, but I am BELL’s customer – I signed a contract with BELL and it’s BELL that’s been making my life miserable. On top of all of this, I’ve had several billing problems (bills not sent to me, bills paid but not credited properly, I’ve been harassed by Bell collections even though I’m all paid up, etc).
I’m sending this email to make a very simple request: I believe that given my goodwill as a client to go for constant repairs and all the problems I’ve had, that Bell should take it upon themselves to REPLACE my phone at their cost. I’m not asking for an upgrade – I’ll gladly take a new Torch. I believe the phone I was sold is faulty and has to be replaced, not repaired. I’ll gladly take any kind of properly-working smartphone on which I have full email and Web access (this is a work phone, not a toy), and preferably a fixed keyboard (not a virtual keyboard). I don’t care if it’s a one-for-one swap with a new Torch or other comparable BlackBerry model, or an Android of comparable functionality. If it has to be a virtual keyboard, the only one I’ll take is an iPhone – but please do not be under the impression this whole thing is just a ploy for a free iPhone. I’m not insisting on that – I just want a proper smartphone that works.
I thank you for taking the time to read this email and I implore you to act in good faith and repair my trust in Bell.
I will not pay one red cent to replace my Torch. If the answer is anything other than “Mr. Sidel, we apologize and will replace your phone” then I am going to cancel my contract as soon as I see fit.
Thank you and have a nice day
I am in the middle of a huge fight with bell and it all seems to boil down to agents not knowing their facts and telling you things that aren’t true because they are too lazy to find out the true rules, it also boils down to reps at the bell stores not caring about the clients needs , just their sales, it boils down to bell not have a better ownership over what both agents and reps are doi g to the clients and when the ball drops and the errors and lies come crashing down on your bill, bell won’t budge and leave the customer holding the bag! Oh and do I mention they treat you like it’s your own fault and ignore the fact their agents and reps ere at fault.?ProcessMaker having errors on Fedora Linux.
Rhinestone Leaf Wedding Jewelry Set - Silver
Processing Time: The item will be shipped out within 3 business days.
USD $ 6.10
DETAIL
- Item Type:Pendant Necklace
- Gender:For Women
- Style:Romantic
- Shape/Pattern:Plant
- Weight:0.050kg
- Package Contents:1 x Necklace 1 x Earring (Pair)
Reviews (0)
Write a Review: 10 R Points,Upload photos: 20 R Points. If you're one of the first 5 to submit either reviews, you'll get DOUBLE R Points!I came across an arresting essay by Joseph Pearce, hitherto unknown to me, a writer in residence and director of the Center for Faith and Culture at Aquinas College in Nashville, Tennessee. The sex and drugs revolution of the ‘Sixties was the torch that set fire to what remained of Western culture after two world wars in less than a half century. The ruins are to be seen all around us in this dumbed-down world submerged and hell-bent in its self-gratification and materialism. Pearce says it better here:
I have been skeptical of the “rape-culture” frenzy on the college campuses, but Pearce brought my attention to a study conducted in the U.K. by the Girl Guides, its equivalent to our Girl Scouts. It said suicide rates are way up and half of teenage girls have sought help for mental problems, many of which are caused by the widespread acceptance of pornography. In my youth so long ago it was regarded as dirty and something to be ashamed of. But now it is so widespread that you are regarded as a prude if you find it objectionable. A winking acceptance is thought of as a badge of broad mindedness. This is what happens when moral relativity and the anthropological view of human culture are in the saddle. One set of standards or norms is no better or worse than the next and, paradoxically, it wrong to think otherwise. There being no moral standards and with the influence of religion waning, the race is full on to the bottom of the gutter and new frontiers of depravity. The result can be seen best in the black community with all its path0logies and furies, but the rotten fruits of promiscuity are spreading everywhere. It is so bad that two federal agencies are proposing to become “equal partners” with parents in raising their children. As tempting as it might sound to single mothers, once that camel gets its nose under the tent a politically correct totalitarianism that will spread is not far behind. The village that the left said it takes to raise a child will become a far-off bureaucracy with iron rules and the power to enforce them.Heading back
By gregebersole
After taking photos, resting some and snacking, it started to rain. We soon headed up the trail and back. In this photo, Garrett, is near the top of the muddy “steps.” He and I hit a fast pace in the rain. It held steady for most of the 2 hour hike back. We were soon completely soaked and cold. We were the first two to reach the area where our buses should have been. They weren’t. There was a small building used as a refugio or rest place near the start and finish of the trail. We got out of the rain and a woman inside made us some hot agua con panela for 1,000 pesos (50 cents). It tasted good. When the rest of the group arrived, we huddled around trying to stay as warm as possible until our buses arrived. We shared the rest of our snacks with each other. When the buses arrived, we headed to the little town of Túquerres, changed to a larger bus and then had a cold, shivering 2 hour ride back to Pasto in our wet clothes. I think most of us were pretty miserable, to put it mildly. We got back pretty late in the evening. The first thing I did was to take a very hot shower, which felt awesome. Afterwards, I was still cold for a long time. At least I had dry clothes on. But the trip was definitely worth the pain and the wet, cold conditions.The "Sea Critters WebRing" is for websites that have to do with any living animal organism in the ocean -- from blue whales down to jellyfish, from sharks to coral, from bryozoans to squid. If you have more than one webpage about this topic, "Sea Crit list of webrings I manage
Return to first
page of Jack Mount's Home Place
Return to top of pageManitoba Campers Staying Closer to Home
August 9, 2007 by Justin Leighty - () Comments Off on Manitoba Campers Staying Closer to Home
Many residents of central Manitoba spent the long weekend taking a vacation close to home, according to the Portage Daily Graphic.
Area campgrounds reported that hot weather conditions and high gas prices have meant steady business this weekend and throughout the summer.
“It’s been a pretty good season – the hot weather has been bringing in people to use the pool,” said Patty Levandosky, owner of Miller’s Camping Resort east of Portage la Prairie. “They certainly enjoy it when it’s hot.”
The campground was booked up for the recent holiday weekend.
At Lynch’s Point Campground, owner Michelle Estenell said business has been very good.
“Weekends, we’re usually full,” Estenell said, adding the heat wave of the past few weeks made no dent in business.
“People, they know it’s hot – they’re diehard campers and they deal with the heat,” Estenell said.
Campgrounds report business during the week has generally been flat, but weekend business has been good.
“I think the overnight camping for the travelers is down, but weekends have been good for the local people,” Levandosky said.
Estenell said it has been an unpredictable summer in predicting traffic.
“It’s been a different summer – last year we predicted when we would get the rush, but this year, it’s been non-stop since May on,” Estenell said.
She thinks the price of gas, which has hovered above $4 per gallon all summer, may have contributed to the unpredictable business.
“I know a lot of people can’t afford the price of gas and they’re keeping their people close to home,” she said.
Levandosky also cites the price of gas as a possible reason for the increase in local campers.
“There is a lot more local traffic,” she noted, “especially on weekends.” She said business this year has been “comparatively similar to last year,” as weather conditions have been much the same.Hi (especially Jonathan), Taco Hoekwater wrote: > > Jonathan Sauer wrote: >> Hello, >> >>>> BTW: loadstring can be passed a chunk name. Is it be possible to do >>>> the same with \directlua? (to replace "[string "luas[0]"]" above) >>> Something like \directlua callback chunk {...} you mean? >> Yes. Maybe \directlua cname {My chunk name} {...} (since it is the name >> of the chunk, not specifically the name used in the callback/traceback). > > This idea is very interesting. I have committed an experimental patch > that extends \directlua syntax so that besides > > \directlua <number> <general text> > > it also allows a keyword prefix: > > \directlua name <general text> <number> <general text> > > This allows you to do stuff like this: > > \directlua name {\jobname-\the\inputlineno} 0 {error('test')} > > Because it is experimental, it only works for \directlua, not > yet for \latelua. I have just committed code that implements this same extension for \latexlua (#1300). Some small tests seem to indicate it works, but I have not been exhaustive so it would be nice if you could do some tests as well. That same commit also introduces a lua array named lua.instancename that allows lua.instancename[0] = "scratch" so that you can set a global default name for the lua instance. Explicit chunk names take precedence, of course. Best wishes, TacoSo I know that Project Life and Pocket Scrapbooking is all the rage at the moment and that week-by-week documentation is the preferred method of many a scrapbooker but it’s one thing that I have decided was just not for me. I’ve tried a couple of spreads for various class challenges and just to dabble but had a bit of a hard time with the division between elements. I’m not saying that’ll apply forever and I could totally see myself using it to document a pregnancy, or the first year of my baby’s life, or some other topic driven scrapbook but as an ongoing project, keeping up with PL… I just wouldn’t have enough motivation to keep me interested. Besides I am waaaayyy too in love with the 12×12 canvas, and that does not look like its gonna change in a hurry.
All that said, I’m a bit of a fan of all the gorgeous kits that keep coming out (OMG have you seen the Heidi+Becky collaboration, just sayin’) and as a reader of Becky’s Blog, just her whole approach to memory keeping and engaging with her customers really inspires me. So what’s a girl to do when she wants to get her hands on some cool product and play a little but not commit to the whole she-bang: go small to get her feet wet.
I’ve mentioned before that for the last few years we’ve had the opportunity to host people in our home from other countries and learn a little about their cultures. Well the two fellas with us most recently had finished their stint here and I was looking for a way to give them a going-away pressie that was meaningful but could be put together fairly quick. A lot of the main impetus behind the Project Life brand was to find a managable way of documenting life without it getting to complicated. So I thought it was a good fit for this project, all I wanted to do was stick cards in the pockets add my pictures and call it good. In the end I did add a little bit of stamping for tabs and titles but that was about all the embellishing this got.
It really was as simple and easy as it should have been and the photos remain centre stage which is really what I wanted for this album. Given the audience I thought simple would be rather appropriate. I did include journaling cards and invited the blokes to write down some of their memories and thoughts on being here but given that it’s two single blokes on the receiving end of these I don’t hold out much hope that they will. The design really needed to ensure that the message could still hold up even with out it and I’m confident that it does.
So what are my takeaways from doing this project? It was suitable for the end-product I wanted to produce. Keeping it simple allowed me to get it done in the short amount of time that I had to do it. A few little extras help bring the message home. Ultimatly Project Life is still not for me. While I pleased with what I made, I felt that there was not enough in the creative process that allowed me to ‘play’. You may well say that there are plenty of scrappers out there who do engage in creative play but I have found that the tiny 3×4 or even 4×6 size of a PL card is just too small for me. Part of what I enjoy so much with the 12 x 12 canvas is the act of creative play. Picking my photos, developing my story and then moving little bits of paper, stickers and whatever else around my page to find a design that I find attractive. I really come alive when I have elements I want to include on a layout but have to figure out how to make them fit together. Spending that time finding a creative solution to a design problem is what lights me up and there was definitely not enough of that in this project.
For my two albums I used Project Life Mini Albums filled with mostly the Jade Edition Core Kit (album above), the Cut & Paste Mini Edition (album not shown), with a few cards from the Wellington Childhood Edition and a bunch from their Australia Themed Card Kit thrown in for good measure. I especially love the Wellington cards and have also just snagged myself a Cinnamon Core Kit & DIY Shop kit super cheap this past week for use on my 12 x12’s. Both Cinnamon and the DIY Shop kit have colours and designs that I use All. The. Time. in my pages so I’m sure they will not go to waste. I’m excited to see how I can alter, crop and just generally ‘play’ with them to make them work for me.
I really hope the guys enjoy their little reminder of their time in Tassie. This was a really helpful experiment in scrapping for me. What are your thoughts on Project Life style documentation?
Pingback: Workspace and Craft Room Rehab: Joining Forces | live. create. love it.> Basic Operation
> Chemical Detection
> Demonstrated Uses in Environmental and Industrial Settings
> Monitoring Emissions from Industrial Processes
> Mobile Source Emissions
> Experimental and Potential Uses in Environmental and Industrial Settings
> Remote Sensing for Natural Gas Pipeline Leaks from Aircraft
> References
absorption band
bistatic configuration
Cassegrain telescope
criteria pollutants
fugitive emissions
isopleth map
monostatic configuration
Newtonian telescope
open configuration
open path FTIR
point source organic vapor analyzer
sending telescope
standard wind anemometer
tuning cell
UV-DOAS
absorbed
laser
LIDAR operates on the same principles as RADAR except that it uses light rather than radio waves to collect information. There are three generic types of LIDAR:
Range finders are the simplest of the LIDARs and are used to determine the distance to a solid or hard target. When mounted in an aircraft and coupled with imaging instrumentation and a GPS, these instruments can provide 3-D topographic maps.
DIAL is used to measure chemical concentrations in the atmosphere (open air). A DIAL LIDAR uses a laser wavelength that is strongly absorbed by the target compound and a second nearby wavelength that is not absorbed by the target compound. The difference in intensity of the two return-signals can be used to calculate the concentration of the compound being investigated.
Doppler LIDAR is used to measure the velocity of a moving target. When light transmitted from the LIDAR hits a moving target, the wavelength of the light reflected/scattered off the target changes slightly. This is known as a Doppler shift. This type of LIDAR finds uses in speed limit enforcement and weather predictions (cloud and wind speed as well as density). A complete treatment of LIDAR can be found in Argall and Sica 2002.
Basic Operation
LIDARs consist of a source transmitter, receiver, and detector system. All uses of LIDAR involve laser light operated in the UV, visible, or infrared wave range that is transmitted toward a target. The light interacts with the target where it is either absorbed or reflected/scattered back to a measuring device. They can be deployed in monostatic or bistatic configurations. The monostatic configuration is employed the most in contaminant profiling. The system can be set up in either a coaxial configuration where the laser beam is transmitted within the receiver's field of vision or in a biaxial fashion where the transmitting and receiving units are adjacent to each other (Exhibit 1).
In the bistatic configuration, which is seldom used, the light source and the detector are at some distance apart (Exhibit 2). The receiving optics gather reflected light from the source beam and direct it through a filter to the detector. The bistatic system can only detect light from a small layer of the atmosphere at a time and the detector must be frequently moved to obtain a contaminant profile (Argall and Sica 2002).
Source
LIDARs use lasers for their source and hence do not require a sending telescope as do Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy and Ultraviolet Differential Optical Absorption Spectroscopy (UV-DOAS); however, they generally require a mechanism for widening the laser beam to make it "eye safe." For the DIAL system, an appropriate wavelength is chosen for the species to be measured along with a nearby wavelength that will not be absorbed by the target compound. The laser can be transmitted as a continuous-wave or pulsed source. Continuous waves are used when the signal is integrated over a long time period or when the target is close. Pulsed waves are at a much higher energy level than can be maintained during a continuous emission, and they are used for long-range remote sensing or when the signal integration time needs to be short. Tunable laser systems that allow for quickly changing wavelengths are available to measure a wider range of contaminants.
Receiver
The receiver may have a Cassegrain or Newtonian telescope or a single fixed condensing lens that focuses the returning or transmitted light (depending upon system deployment). Before being directed to the detector, the backscatter light is usually processed to filter out background.
Detector
LIDAR detectors convert the returning light into electrical currents, which are then processed into photocounts. Photomultiplier tubes have been employed the most in DIAL systems, but semiconductor devices, such as mercury-cadmium-telluride (MCT) detectors and avalanche photodiodes are finding increasing use. To function properly MCT detectors have to be cooled to liquid nitrogen temperatures.
Output
Unlike FTIR or UV-DOAS, DIAL produces a measure of discrete concentrations versus distance along the line of the beam path. This allows for the values to be superimposed on a map or other visual aid to show where low and high point concentrations are occurring. A series of closely placed measurements over a site can be plotted to show an estimate of the spatial distribution and quantity of a chemical (e.g., an isopleths map).
Chemical Detection
LIDAR has historically been used in the environmental field for measuring criteria pollutants in the upper atmosphere. As the equipment becomes more portable and less expensive, it is gaining acceptance for industrial and commercial applications. The proper detection and identification of a chemical species using DIAL is directly dependent upon it having a unique absorption frequency over the path being measured (i.e., there are no other chemicals present that have the same absorption frequency) and the availability of a laser source that emits that frequency. In the past, the lack of laser sources that emit specific bands has limited the number of chemicals that this technology can identify; however, as more reliable tunable lasers become available the list of detectable chemicals should increase. In addition to specific chemical detection, a DIAL system can be used in a more "open" mode much like a point source organic vapor analyzer. In this mode, a chemical family, such as alkanes, is measured by picking a band that is common to many and interpreting the results as an "average." The Alberta Research Council study given below is an example of this use.
Detection limits are largely dependent on the path distance, atmospheric conditions, and the instrument being used. However, an examination of the literature indicates that sub-ppm levels of a variety of chemicals at ranges of one kilometer or more are routine. Exhibit 3 contains detection limits and effective ranges for commonly measured chemicals.
1 Values are from National Physical Laboratory, United Kingdom
2 The detection limits apply at a range of 200 m for a 50-meter plume
Demonstrated Uses in Environmental and Industrial Settings
Monitoring Emissions from Industrial Processes
DIAL LIDARs operating in the infrared have been used to monitor chemical emissions from chemical plants and refineries. Shell Global Systems used a DIAL system to examine fugitive emissions from floating roof storage tanks. Their findings indicated that the flux varied by the position of the roof in the tank, with the highest flux occurring when the tank was full and the roof was high relative to the walls of the tank. When the tank was half full, a recirculation air pattern formed within the tank that tended to keep the hydrocarbon escape rate down. The conclusions were that the model being used to predict fugitive emission flux from tank farms might underestimate the actual amount escaping (O'Conner et al.1998). In another project, the DIAL system was used to provide an overall look at numerous tank facilities located at a port. The DIAL was able to image emissions from the facilities and provide for overall flux estimates. The study identified a small number of tanks that were responsible for a majority of the emissions.
In 2006, the Alberta Research Council published the results of a study
to demonstrate the applicability of remote sensing technologies to ascertain hydrocarbon emissions at a refinery. The effort involved the use of an infrared imaging camera and a LIDAR DIAL system. The imaging camera successfully located fugitive emissions at the facility and the refinery has since purchased one. The DIAL system was used to estimate the rate of loss of methane, aliphatic hydrocarbons with two or more carbons (C2+), and benzene. The study found that approximately 1,240 kg of C2+ hydrocarbons, 300 kg of methane, and 5 kg of benzene were escaping from the refinery every hour. Emissions from storage tanks accounted for over 50 percent of the total and the coker area and cooling towers were the main sources of emissions in the production area. The report also showed that standard emission-estimating equations greatly understated actual emissions.
Chambers et al. (2006) report on the utility of using DIAL for measuring fugitive emissions from natural gas plants and compare the actual measurements with emission factor estimates. For the five gas plants surveyed, methane emissions ranged from 100 to 146 kg/hr, and hydrocarbons with two or more carbon atoms (C2+) ranged from 38 to 342 kg/hr. Condensate storage tanks and compressors were significant sources for the emissions, with pilot flares accounting for 10 to 15 percent of total methane emissions. Actual emissions were four to eight times higher than values calculated using emission factor estimates.
Frisch (2003) summarizes the results of DIAL surveys conducted at Swedish refineries during the 1980s and 1990s and describes a protocol for conducting a DIAL survey. The first DIAL measurements were conducted at one Swedish refinery in 1988 and 1989. They showed that the refinery was losing approximately 14,000 tons of hydrocarbons per year. The measurements also showed that the equations for estimating standard fugitive emissions were undercounting the emission losses by about 20 times. During the 1990s, DIAL surveys were used by the refineries to identify areas that had excessive releases due to design problems, and measures were taken to correct them.
Aircraft Exhaust Dispersion at Commercial Airports
Aircraft taking off and landing at airports create exhaust plumes at ground level. The fate of these plumes affects the air quality of the surrounding area. The Federal Aviation Administration used two LIDAR systems belonging to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to provide hard data for its Emission and Dispersion Modeling System (EDMS). The LIDAR instrumentation was set up in two trailers near the active runway and taxiway of an airport to measure plumes coming from the aircraft as they approached and took off. The LIDAR was used to visualize aerosols and particulates with an average diameter of 30 nanometers. Previously, the models were run using best engineering judgement data (Wayson 2001).
Mobile Source Emissions
As part of a project for the National Consortia on Remote Sensing in Transportation, a truck mounted DIAL system was used to measure NO2 along highways. The use of DIAL systems for pollutant measurements is superior to the standard method of using fixed sampling points that provide either single point-in-time or time-averaged measurements. The DIAL system can provide concentrations of pollutants at specific distances along any linear direction chosen. These measurements can then be used to test dispersion models and determine maximum exposure points in terms of time and space.
LIDAR Uses Suggested by Vendors
Experimental and Potential Uses in Environmental and Industrial Settings
Oil Spill Tracking on Open Water
Yamagishi et al. (2000) report on the use of LIDAR in detecting and tracking oil spills and sheens over open water. The instrument is mounted in a small plane that overflies the area of concern. The laser emits in the ultraviolet range, which causes a fluorescence response that is captured by an imaging camera. The wavelength response strength is measured and can be analyzed to determine the type of petroleum product released. In addition, the method can also be used to estimate the thickness of the oil on water.
Remote Sensing of Chemical and Biological Warfare Plant Effluents from Aircraft
Sandia National Laboratories is developing a multispectral LIDAR system for deployment on unmanned aircraft. The system is designed to detect and image effluents that are associated with the production of chemical and biological warfare agents. A tunable UV laser is envisioned for the source with the aircraft operating at between 1 and 10 kilometers above ground surface (Hargis 1998).
Remote Sensing for Natural Gas Pipeline Leaks from Aircraft
Lenz et al. (2005) report on a Department of Energy/Department of Transportation co-sponsored demonstration of the ability of airborne DIAL LIDAR to detect gas leaking from underground pipelines. The Airborne Natural Gas Emission LIDAR (ANGEL) system operates from a fixed-wing aircraft flying between 100 and 150 mph at a height of approximately 1,000 ft. It has two DIAL lasers tuned to detect methane and ethane. The system has a scanning component that is pre-programmed with the pipeline's location data to allow it to focus the lasers on the pipeline so that the aircraft does not have to be directly over the pipeline to compensate for aircraft yaw, pitch, and roll. A digital camera records the ground surface beneath the aircraft and provides the background for superimposing the laser results. The final product is a map showing the exact location of any gas leaks and an estimate of their concentration.
A portable and less complex system was also tested at the Department of Energy/Department of Transportation co-sponsored demonstration (U.S. DOE 2004). This system, which can be mounted on the undercarriage of a helicopter, consists of a methane-detecting DIAL LIDAR, digital imaging camera, and GPS unit. The pipeline is flown over by the helicopter at 30 mph and visual observation of pipeline markers is used to guide the aircraft. The location uncertainty of the equipment used at the demonstration was ï¿½100 ft.
Both systems were generally successful in identifying leaks of 500 standard cubic feet (scf) or more and much less successful with leaks of 100 scf or less. The tested prototypes have since been modified to improve performance.
Particulate Monitoring for Ore Handling Facilities
The Institut National d'Optique (Canada) has developed and demonstrated a LIDAR system for monitoring industrial particulates. To protect the more sensitive elements of the equipment, the laser, detector, computer, and acquisitions electronics are housed in a controlled environment with the LIDAR head (optical transmitter and receiver) connected by fiber optic cables to the laser and detector. The head is mounted on a control unit that can be remotely operated to scan up to 355 degrees laterally and ±90 degrees vertically. The demonstrations were at port facilities where various ores were being unloaded and fugitive dust control was required. The system successfully imaged particulate release and was used to identify and correct loading practices to reduce emissions. The value of this system over high-volume stationary air samplers is that it gives real-time data on how far the particulates are from the source, total average release, and the location of "hotspots" (Bï¿½langer et al. 2001).
Monitoring Contaminant Fluxes from Industrial Stacks
DIAL systems can be used to measure contaminant releases from industrial stacks. These measurements, combined with an estimate of the wind speed and direction, are used to estimate contaminant flux. Since the DIAL system measures instantaneous concentrations of a single contaminant across a cross section of the plume, the accuracy of the wind speed associated with the measurement at a specific time directly affects the accuracy of the flux estimate. In an experiment at a pulp and paper mill, Weibring et al. 1998(a) compared the method of using standard wind anemometers with one using a video camera to calculate SO2 flux. The wind speed was calculated by evaluating the plume change between video frames, that could be directly related in time to measurements made by the LIDAR. Since the stack was 100 meters high, the anemometer tower gave readings that were much closer to the ground than actual stack conditions. The researchers found that these readings were often affected by buildings and the adjacent forest and therefore underestimated the flux by a considerable degree. The camera technique, which only works with a visible plume, was found to be much more accurate.
Verification and Monitoring of Cap and Cover System Integrity
Heiser and Sedlacek (2006) report on the development of a DIAL LIDAR to determine the integrity of caps and covers. For wastes capped in place or for older landfills where a leachate collection system is absent and there is no generation of methane gas, the authors propose injecting a perfluorocarbon tracer into the capped area and using the open path LIDAR to determine if any of the gas escapes. Areas of high concentration of tracer gas could be pinpointed and repairs to the cover made.
References
Argall, P. and R. Sica. 2002. LIDAR in the Encyclopedia of Imaging Science and Technology Ed. J.P. Hornak. John Wiley & Sons Inc., New York, Jan 2002.
Balin, I. et al. 2006. LIDAR: a significant tool for regional 3D air pollutants and PBL dynamics measurements-synthesis of a series of field results obtained in the last decade. Geophysical Research Abstracts, Vol 8, 10120.
Belanger, B., A. Fougeres, M. Talbot, and J. Cormier. 2001. Industrial site particulate pollution monitoring with an eye-safe and scanning industrial fiber LIDAR. Water, Ground, and Air Pollution Monitoring and Remediation, 6-7 November 2000. Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering, Vol 4199, pp 67-76. [abstract]
Chambers, A. 2003. Well Test Flare Plume Monitoring Phase II: DIAL Testing in Alberta. Alberta Research Council Inc.
Chambers, A. 2004. Optical Measurement Technology for Fugitive Emissions from Upstream Oil and Gas Facilities. Alberta Research Council Inc.
Chambers, A. and M. Strosher. 2006. Refinery Demonstration of Optical Technologies for Measurement of Fugitive Emissions and for Leak Detection. Alberta Research Council Inc.
Chambers, A., et al. 2006. DIAL measurements of fugitive emissions from natural gas plants and the comparison with emission factor estimates. 15th International Emission Inventory Conference: Reinventing Inventories - New Ideas in New Orleans, 16-18 May 2006, New Orleans, Louisiana.
Frish, M. and J. Melnyk. 1996. Detect fugitive emissions with lasers. Hydrocarbon Processing, May 31 1996. [abstract]
Frisch, L. 2003. Fugitive VOC-Emissions Measured at Oil Refineries in the Province of Vï¿½stra Gï¿½taland in South West Sweden - A Success Story: Development and Results 1986 - 2001. County Administration of Vï¿½stra Gï¿½taland, Report No. 2003:56.
Gittins, C., W. Lawrence, and W. Marinelli. 1998. A frequency agile bandpass filter for direct detection LIDAR receivers. Applied Optics, Vol 37 No 36, pp 8327-8335. [abstract]
Grant, W. 1999. Analytical methods for monitoring smokes and aerosols from forest fires: review, summary and interpretation of use of data by health agencies in emergency response planning. Health Guidelines for Vegetation Fire Events, Lima, Peru, 6-9 October 1998.
Hargis, P., A. Lang, R. Schmitt, T. Henson, J. Daniels, D. Jordan, K. Schhroder, and I. Shokair. 1998. Sandia Multispectral Airborne LIDAR for UAV Deployment. SAN098-2386C.
Heidinger, A.K. and G.L. Stephens. 2000. Molecular line absorption in a scattering atmosphere. Part II: Application to remote sensing in the O2 A band. Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences, Vol 57 No 10, pp 1615-1634. [abstract]
Heiser, J. and A. Sedlacek. 2006. Using LIDAR to measure perflurocarbon tracers for the verification and monitoring of cap and cover systems. Water, Air, and Soil Pollution, Volume 170, Numbers 1-4/ February 2006, pp 345-357.
Hovde, C. 2000. Pseudo-random tone burst modulation for active remote sensing of gases using diode lasers. Laser Applications to Chemical and Environmental Analysis, February 11-13, 2000, Santa Fe, NM. Trends in Optics and Photonics, Vol 36, pp 91-93.
Lenz, D. et al. 2005. Flight Testing of an Advanced Airborne Natural Gas Leak Detection System. U.S. Department of Energy, 84 pp.
Mayor, S. et al. 2006. REAL: 1.5 micron wavelength scanning polarization LIDAR. 23rd International Laser Radar Conference, Nara, Japan, 24-28 July 2006.
Mayor, S., S. Spuler, and B. Morley. 2005. Scanning eye-safe depolarization LIDAR at 1.54 microns and potential usefulness in bioaerosol plume detection. Proceedings of SPIE: LIDAR Remote Sensing for Environmental Monitoring IV.
Mayor, S. and S. Spuler. 2004. Raman-shifted eye-safe aerosol LIDAR. Applied Optics Vol 43 No 19, 1 July 2004, pp 3915-3924.
OConnor, S., H. Walmsley, and H. Pasley. 1998. Differential absorption LIDAR (DIAL) measurements of the mechanisms of volatile organic compound loss from external floating roofed tanks. EUROPTO Conference on Spectroscopic Atmospheric Environmental Monitoring Techniques, Barcelona, Spain, SPIE Vol 3493. [abstract]
Orr, B. 2001. Instrumentation for Multiplex Spectroscopic Sensing. U. S. Air Force Office of Scientific Research Report No. AOARD-99-04. [abstract]
Rairroux, P., H. Schillinger, S. Niedermeier, M. Rodriguez, F. Ronneberger, R. Sauerbrey, B. Stein, D. Waite, C. Wedekind, H. Wille, L. Wöste, and C. Ziener. 2000. Remote sensing of the atmosphere using ultrashort laser pulses. Applied Physics B 71, pp 573-580.
Sharma, S., J. Madey, E. Szarmes, and D. Tratt. 2000. Remote sensing applications of a free-electron laser LIDAR. International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium 2000.
Simeonov, V., B. Lazzarotto, P. Quaglia, H. van den Bergh, and B. Calpini. 2000. Three-wavelength UV ozone DIAL based on a Raman cell filled with two Raman active gases. 20th International Laser Radar Conference. [abstract]
Singh, U.N. (ed.) 2002. LIDAR remote sensing for industry and environment monitoring. Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering, Vol 4153.
Singh, U.N. (ed.) 2002. LIDAR remote sensing for industry and environment monitoring II. Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering, Vol 4484.
Sjï¿½holm, M., P. Weibring, H. Edner, and S. Svanberg. 2004. Atomic mercury flux monitoring using an optical parametric oscillator based LIDAR system. Optics Express, Vol 12, Issue 4, pp 551-556.
Soriano, C., F. Rocadenbosch, C. Puente, A. Rodriguez, J. Baldasano, and A. Comerón. 1998. Confirmation of a multilayer arrangement of aerosols in the Barcelona air basin using two independent LIDAR systems. Spectroscopic Atmospheric Environmental Monitoring Techniques, Proceedings of SPIE, Vol 3493, pp 222. [abstract]
Spuler, S. and S. Mayor. 2006. High-energy multipass forward Raman shifter as an eye-safe laser source for LIDAR. 23rd International Laser Radar Conference, Nara, Japan, 24-28 July 2006.
Spuler, S. and S. Mayor. 2006. Scanning eye-safe elastic backscatter LIDAR at 1.54 µm. Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology, Vol 22, pp 696-703.
Stelmaszczyk, K., A. Czyzewski, A. Szymanski, A. Pietruczuk, S. Chudzynski, K. Ernst, and T. Stacewicz. 2000. New method of elaboration of the LIDAR signal. Applied Physics B Lasers and Optics, Vol 70 No 2, pp 295-299. [abstract]
Uddin, W. 2001. Remote Sensing Laser Measurements of Air Pollution, Year 1 Study in North Mississippi. Center for Advanced Infrastructure Technology, University of Mississippi.
U.S. DOE. 2004. Field Testing of Remote Sensor Gas Leak Detection Systems. Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center (RMOTC), Casper, WY. 261 pp.
U.S. Geological Survey. Center for LIDAR Information, Coordination, and Knowledge.
von Zahn, U., G. von Cossart, J. Fiedler, K.H. Fricke, G. Nelke, G. Baumgarten, D. Rees, A. Hauchecorne, and K. Adolfsen. 2000. The ALOMAR Rayleigh/Mie/Raman LIDAR: objectives, configuration, and performance. Annales Geophysicae, Vol 18 No 7, pp 815-833. [abstract]
Wamsley, P.R., C.S. Weimer, J.T. Applegate, S.P. Beaton, and B.S. Beyer. 1999. Mobile system for open-path trace gas detection in the mid-infrared using a Raman-shifted Cr:LiSAF source. Application of LIDAR to Current Atmospheric Topics III, 22 July 1999, Denver, CO. Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering, Vol 3757, pp 142-150. [abstract]
Wamsley, H., and S. OConner. 1998. The accuracy and sensitivity of infrared differential absorption LIDAR measurements of hydrocarbon emissions from process units. Pure Appl. Opt., pp 907-925.
Wayson, R., Gregg G. Fleming and Brian Kim. 2001.
The Use of Light Detection And Ranging (LIDAR) for Determining Plume Characteristics. Progress Report, Report No: FAA-AEE. U.S. DOT, Research and Special Programs Admin., John A. Volpe National Transportation Systems Center, Air Quality Facility, Cambridge, MA, 7 pp.
Webb, J., R. Spellicy, and R. Brewer. 2006. Using FTIR spectrometry for industrial and environmental gas analysis. EM-Pittsburgh, Air and Waste Management Association.
Weibring, P., M. Anderson, H. Edner, and S. Svanberg. 1998(a). Remote monitoring of industrial emissions by combination of LIDAR and plume velocity measurements. Applied Physics B 66, pp 383-388. [abstract]
Weibring, P., H. Edner, S. Svanberg, G. Cecchi, L. Pantani, R. Ferrara, and T. Caltabiano. 1998(b). Monitoring of volcanic sulphur dioxide emissions using differential absorption LIDAR (DIAL), differential optical absorption spectroscopy (DOAS), and correlation spectroscopy (COSPEC). Applied Physics B Lasers and Optics, Vol 67 No 4, pp 419-426. [abstract]
Weidauer D., K.H. Eickel, W. Lahmann, L. Nikowa, M. Ulbricht, K. Weber, C. Weitkamp, and J.P. Wolf. 1998. Standardization of DAS LIDAR measurements. Proceedings of International Laser Radar Conference, 1998.
Wetjen, E., M. Allen, W. Marinelli, C. Gittins, C. Gmachl, F. Capasso, A. Hutchinson, D. Sivco, J. Baillargeon, and A. Cho. 2000. Pseudo-random code-based differential absorption LIDAR in the LWIR spectral region. Laser Applications to Chemical and Environmental Analysis, February 11-13, 2000 Santa Fe, NM. Trends in Optics and Photonics, Vol 36, pp 74-76.
Yamagishi, S., K. Hitomi, H. Yamanouchi, T. Yamaguchi, and T. Shibata. 2000. Scientific approach to improve slicks monitoring using a fluorescence LIDAR. From the Nakhodka to the Erika: Exchange of Experience in At-Sea Response to Offshore Oil Spills by Passing Ships, Brest, France 6-7 July 2000. pp 77-85.
Zhang, K. and H. C. Frey. 2006. Road grade estimation for on-road vehicle emissions modeling using light detection and ranging data. Journal of Air and Waste Management Association, June 2006.All software is certified to contain No Adware, No Spyware, and No Viruses.
All SB-Software products are free of disabled features or expirations. You may try out the full functionality of the program for an unlimited time period.
My old DirectX page has long since disappeared.
Please check out the arcade game page, for the directx/direct3d games that I have developed.Mum?
What a cool idea! You all look so comfy snuggled together! :-)
I've just been catching up on your posts as my human has been SO busy too and hasn't had any time to help me visit my blog friend so we could really sympathise with your Mom's schedule in your last post!
Slobbers,
Honey the Great Dane
Love the idea of snuggling on the couch. What fun!
It's common knowledge that Cavaliers always get the best seats in the house! (No matter who's spot it really is)Prosser getting a new state of the art Aquatic CenterPosted: Updated:
PROSSER, Wash. -- This summer the residents of Prosser will be the proud owners of a brand new aquatic center. After several years of studies, financial planning and design meetings, transformation of the existing pool facility in E.J. Miller park from a 1950's era rectangular lap pool into a state of the art aquatic center is finally underway.
Demolition of portions of the existing facility was completed late in 2010 by William Charles West, General Contractor, of Kennewick. The contract for the construction of the new facility was awarded to T.W. Clark Construction, LLC, of Spokane Valley, WA in December 2010.
Substantial completion of the project is currently scheduled for Tuesday, June 7, 2011, with the hope of opening the aquatic center officially on Monday, June 10th.
"We're very excited, I believe the community is excited as well. This is where the kids go in the summer time. There's really not an awful lot for the kids to do besides the boys and girls club that we've recently created as well," says Cathleen Koch, the Deputy City Administrator.
The new aquatic center will bear little resemblance to the old facility. The design of the new facility provided by ALSC Architects of Spokane, WA, was heavily influenced by input from the City Council and city administrative staff members, with a focus on families. Here are examples of a few of the changes from the old facility to the new:
For starters, the new aquatic center will have two pools instead of one. The existing 8 lane, 33 meter pool will be shortened to a standard competition length of 25yards. Although the pool will still feature 8 lanes for competitions, it will also have increased recreational opportunities. The pool will feature a dramatic new 27foot long drop slide, which plunges into 9]feet of water, removable float lines for open swim times, and water basketball and volleyball equipment.
The second pool is designed specifically for recreational use. This pool will include a zero depth "beach" entry, meaning that the concrete deck slopes gradually down into the water, making movement in and out of the water easy for all ages. Other amenities include a full size interactive play structure within the pool, a 100]foot long water slide and other play features. This pool will support multiple opportunities for new programs.
A removable fence will be available to run between the two pools allowing for simultaneous usage during swimming competitions and preventing the City from needing to close the entire facility to the rest of the public.
A brand new bathhouse is being constructed to house changing rooms, showers, lifeguard support spaces, concessions stand and pool mechanical equipment. The old bathhouse will be utilized as needed during swimming competitions and for other storage needs.
The perimeter fence will encompass not only the pool deck but also the entire northwest corner of the existing park. In addition to the pools themselves, families will enjoy the use of shade structures, picnic tables, bar-b-queues, lounge chairs, and a large expanse of lawn area, all within the confines of the aquatic center.
Accommodations have been included in the project to allow for future expansion, which may include such features as a "lazy river" current channel and an interactive "spray pad".
The construction cost for the project, including demolition and construction, is $2.4 million. In addition to local funding, the city received a $500,000 grant from the Washington State Recreation and Conservation Office (RCO).Find schools and get information on the program that’s right for you.
IvanhoeChapter I
Thus communed these; while to their lowly dome,
The full-fed swine return'd with evening home;
Compell'd, reluctant, to the several sties,
With din obstreperous, and ungrateful cries.
Pope's Odyssey
* Note A. The Ranger of the Forest, that cuts the
fore-claws off our dogs.
"Amongst the ruins of the church
The midnight raven found a perch,
A melancholy place;
The ruthless Conqueror cast down,
Woe worth the deed, that little town,
To lengthen out his chase."Volvo Jobs, Volvo Recruitment 2017, Engineering Jobs 2017, Jobs In Bangalore , Private Jobs 2017, Volvo Engineer Vacancy 2017, Latest Volvo Recruitment, New B.Tech Jobs, Private Jobs In Bangalore,Graduate level jobs In Bangalore, Automobile Jobs in Bangalore, Volvo Careers, volvogroup.com, Volvo Associate System Verification Engineer vacancy, Engineering jobs in Volvo, Graduation Jobs, Private jobs in Volvo, Volvo Vacancy 2017, Upcoming Volvo Jobs Notification
VOLVO RECRUITMENT 2017** Apply Now For Associate System Verification Engineer
Contents
- 1 VOLVO RECRUITMENT 2017** Apply Now For Associate System Verification Engineer
- 1.1 Volvo Associate System Verification Engineer Recruitment 2017
- 1.2 About Company Volvo Company :
- 1.3 Volvo Recruitment
- 1.4 Eligibility Criteria :
- 1.5 Required Skills :
- 1.6 Rules & Responsibilities :
- 1.7 Selection Process :
- 1.8 How To Apply Volvo careers And Volvo Recruitmemnt 2017?
- 1.9 Volvo Recruitment 2017 Associate System Verification Engineer : Apply Now
- 1.10 Related
Volvo Associate System Verification Engineer Recruitment 2017
Volvo Recruitment 2017 Associates system verification engineer BE / B.Tech / ME / M.Tech graduate employees Volvo jobs in Bangalore. Graduate candidates can apply through online. Applicants who are looking for the job change those candidates can attend the interview .Applicants should have completed BE/ B.Tech/ME/ M.Tech in Electrical or Electronics and Communication or similar stream with 2-4 years of experience.The candidate has good communication skills, Great Automation testing space learning Need skill to solve the problem. For more update to visit our website indiajobsdkho.com
Also Check : Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB)[तमिलनाडु हाउसिंग बोर्ड] Jobs 2017 277 Assistant Engineer, Surveyor & Other Posts
About Company Volvo Company :
The Volvo Group is a Swedish multinational manufacturing company with headquarters in Gothenburg. While its main activity is the production, distribution and sale of trucks, buses and construction equipment, Volvo also provides marine and industrial drive systems and financial services. Volvo Group and Volvo cars themselves have been officially installed on April 14, 1927. Volvo Group Truck Technology You will be part of a global and diverse team of highly skilled professionals who are working with respect to energy, passion and the person to become world leaders in sustainable transportation solutions.
Volvo Recruitment
- Organization Name : VOLVO
- Post Name : Associate System Verification Engineer
- Industry Type : Automobile/Auto Ancillary /Auto Components
- Experience : 2-4 years
- Jobs Location : Bangalore
- Salary Package : As per Industry
- Official Website :
- Interview Time & Location(Venue) : Will Update soon
Eligibility Criteria :
Candidates have BE / B.Tech / MET / M.Tech Electrical or Electronics and Communication or 2-4 years experience
If budding. Then the candidate should not have any backlog. 2-4 years experience in special technique
Required Skills :
- The candidate has good communication skills
- Great automation test space learning Need skill to solve the problem
- ECU and Electrical Systems Testing Behavior
- Good motor vehicle engineering knowledge
Also Check : Madhya Pardesh Patwari Rectt. 2017, 9129 Patwari Bharti Notification 2017 Update Soon
Rules & Responsibilities :
- Help identify the testing mechanization areas for enterprise groups
- To cover all the workflow, make a difference in test cases according to the testing technique.
- Automate test cases wherever possible
- Help distinguish between enterprise group testing computerization areas
Selection Process :
Candidates can be selected on the basis of technical round- Ist .candidates which are qualified technical rounds – Ist Those candidates go for the next round of technical round-IInd . HR rounds at the end
How To Apply Volvo careers And Volvo Recruitmemnt 2017?
- Candidates enter the official website “”
- Find and open “Volvo Careers”
- Open the registration form in a new tab
- Candidate read all the instructions carefully
- Fill all the required details like educational qualifications, trained course description, previous company, last package etc.
- The candidate once again checks all the information
- Submit the link and save the application details.
- The candidate should carry resume copies, photograph, I would like proof PAN card, Aadhaar card etc.
Volvo Recruitment 2017 Associate System Verification Engineer : Apply Now
Also Check : Gujarat Public service commission Assistant Professor recruitment 2017 | 554 Vacancies for Asst Professor GPSCRecent Events
About
Please select an event to view
Most Recent Event
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
December 16, 2017
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
September 30, 2017
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
June 10, 2017
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
March 18, 2017
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
December 18, 2016
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
October 1, 2016
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
June 25, 2016
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
March 12, 2016
Edge Addicts
Circuit of the Americas
February 7, 2016
About PhotoMotion
PhotoMotion has captured the speed, excitement, and adrenalin of motorsports since 1999. Today we deliver that same quality and drive with the most innovative track-day photography solution available.
Check your photos anytime, any place
While other photographers want you to wait weeks to see photos, walk to their sales booth, or email them an order form, ours are ready the moment you get out of your car.
By the time you're back in the paddock, your session photos are ready to look at.
Check and buy shots immediately on your phone, or come by and see them on our 55" display
Buy at the event and our photographers are instantly notified to get more shots of your car.
Prefer to wait? Our photos are instantly available on our website, and can be ordered up to two years after the event.
Customer service without match
We're dedicated to providing the best customer experience in the business. As fellow racers and track junkies, we want you to you to be happy with your images, the value, and the service you recieved.
If for any reason you're not happy with your order, we'll find a way to make it right.
If we don't capture our minimum number of great shots for any reason, we'll discount your order.
Drivers who have an incident and damage their car will get their photos for free. We've been there!
We store our photos indefinitely and will re-send lost orders free of charge, even years after your purchase.
Proven quality at a reasonable rate
Between tires, brakes, track fees and race gas, this hobby really adds up. Our goal is to always provide a wide variety of excellent shots and a price that won't break the bank.
We've covered hundreds of track days around the country for BMW CCA, PCA, 10/10ths Motorsports, Audi CCA, Edge Addicts, Wayne Taylor Racing, and others.
Published in multiple issues of
Grassroots Motorsports
and
Roundel
magazine.More elk hunting tags will be issued on Canadian Forces Base Suffield near Medicine Hat in February.
It is an apparent provincial government response to concerns about a growing elk herd now estimated at 6,600 to 8,000 animals.
Tags for 500 elk will be available through a draw, and hunting will take place on the base Feb. 2-5 and Feb. 9-12.
Alberta Environment announced the additional hunting quota with the federal national defence department. The February tags are in addition to the 660 antlerless elk tags issued earlier this year for animals on the base and another 300 issued for areas immediately adjacent. Of the latter, 200 were for cows and 100 for bull elk.
The February allocation will in-volve 125 licences issued for each of the two four-day sessions. Each successful hunter can kill two antlerless elk, according to information released by Alberta Environment.
The burgeoning herd has caused complaints from ranchers whose fences, crops and stored feed are damaged when the elk leave the base.
Jeff Lewandoski, who ranches next to CFB Suffield, said the additional licences indicate the government sees the need to control herd size, but he doubts that can be achieved through hunting.
“It’s still not enough numbers to control the amount of births that are going to happen in spring,” he said.
Hunters are having success with tags already issued, but Lewandoski wonders if the full complement of elk will be killed if there is heavy snow and cold in February.
He said 25 percent of the people who have tags for the current draw haven’t come to hunt.
CFB Suffield has restrictions on access for safety and security reasons. Hunters must take an orientation course and be escorted on and off the 2,700 sq. kilometre base.
Lewandoski said base officials have been more co-operative recently to accommodate hunters.
“They’ve opened it up to a bigger area where they can hunt on the base, and I guess range control is giving those hunters quite a bit of help and hints about where the elk herds are.”
Lewandoski, who has taken on the task of seeking solutions to the elk problem, was unable to obtain a tag earlier this year.
“I’m not much of a hunter but I thought, you know, I’m going to become one.”
He applied for a tag to hunt bull elk because they cause the problems on his property. He wasn’t successful, nor could he obtain an antlerless elk tag for the area outside the base.
Lewandoski and other landowners in the region continue to think an organized cull, with elk captured and then systematically slaughtered for meat, is the best long-term solution.
As for hunting this year and in 2015, “I expect probably about 1,100 animals (will be) taken. That’s still only half of what we need to harvest in order to keep up with the birth rate.”
Duncan MacDonnell, spokesperson for Alberta Environment, said if all 1,460 draws for elk are used, it could reduce the herd by about 20 percent.
The lottery for the February draws runs Jan. 5-14.One week ago, I moved to London. I missed the city and I’m happy to rediscover it again and again. When home, I found myself dreaming about this moment many times, most of all because London is a huge inspiration.
Every day I see people, places, colors and I feel unexpected emotions. I note everything, i take pictures, I wander the streets, I do sketches.
And I’m anxious to bring to a new life all of these.
Have a look are at my new discoveries!
LEAVE YOUR COMMENTAtlanta Regional Commission Major Road Features
- Description
- This polyline datalayer depicts major road routes and associated attribute data for the Atlanta Regional Commission's (ARC) 10-county region. ARC documentation states that: The features included in this Theme were identified by ARC's Transportation Planning Division (TPD) as major roads. Although this Theme may not include roads considered major for all purposes, it is a useful network of regionally significant routes in the Atlanta Region. This Theme is a subset of ARCmap, ARC's street centerline database. Please note that ARCmap has recently been combined with the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT) DLGF street base and the 2000 Census TIGER street centerline file to create the State's new Addressed DLGF database.
- Publisher
- Atlanta Regional Commission
- Year
- 1995
- Held by
- Harvard
- More details at
-BY Hildda On Sep 19, 2017 Living Room
Living roomce curtains cheap setscheap setsnice chairs ideas for. Trendy room decor best bedroom decorations for teenage girls niceg rooms image furniture on sale cheap. Living room nice rooms image best ideas amazing design office furniturenice furniture on.
Nice living rooms image roomsnice room furniture elegant chairs roomnice. Niceving room curtains chairs cheap setscheap setsnice accent for roomnice elegant. Living room nice rooms image 145 best decorating ideas designs housebeautifulom furniture. Nice livingms curtains formnicem rugsnice table accent chairs elegant.
Nice living rooms image room office furniturenice furniture on salecheap ideasnice. Nice living rooms image room ac296c2bb 27 lovely design ideas with glamorous cheap setsnice. Nice living rooms image new livingroom home design photo to interior designs jpg room cheap setsnice chairs.
Gallery Of Nice Living Rooms Imagenice living roomsnice living room chairsnice living room office furniturenice living room ideasnice living room curtainsnice living room ideaspolyester indoor curtain nice living room tablenice living room setsnice chairs for living roomleather sofa nice elegant chairs living roomcheap nice living room chairsnice chairs for living roomcheap nice living room furnitureglass vase cheap nice living room setscheap nice living room setsnice living room chairsnice living room curtainscheap nice living room setsnice living room chairscheap nice living room chairsnice elegant chairs living roomnice living room furniturenice curtains for living roomnice living room rugsnice living room tablenice living room setsnice living room furnitureThe Death of the Tunnel Tree
newyorker.com
Early last Monday morning, a friend of mine sent news that a tree we knew, a sequoia, had collapsed in a winter mountain storm. I was in New York, where two inches of hard snow sat on cars and tree branches that themselves looked like death.Introduction to Chemical Industry in Engineering Program
The Introduction to Chemical Industry in Engineering (IChIME) program is a four-week program designed to give post-7th and post-8th grade students an opportunity to increase their understanding, awareness, and participation in the field of Chemical Engineering.
The program includes formal classroom work, laboratory activities, projects, and seminar sessions. Participants learn about chemistry and chemical engineering, environmental science, computer applications.
Program Dates:
July 9 - August 3 from 9AM - 3:30PM (Monday - Friday)
Eligibility:
Students completing 7th and 8th grades
Program Costs:
Application Fee: $60 (Non-Refundable)
Tuition: $1340 (Includes Academic Materials and Lunch)7 Hairstyles That Can be Done in 3 Minutes—LOVE the rose bun!
How to Make Inverted Ponytails Hairstyle DIY Tutorial 2
Hair Tutorials : Picture Description 40 Braided Hairstyles For Long Hair
Comments comments Related posts: 14 Stunning DIY Hairstyles For Long Hair Hairstyle Tutorials 20 Easy Hairstyle Tutorials for Your Everyday Look
Great selection of updos for medium length hair - Deconstructed fishtail updo. (Show Beauty) Laced braid .
Get Ariana Grande-level ponytail fullness with a ponytail extension.
Pull Through Braid Tutorial With Shorter Hair Introducing hair tutorials for shorter hair! Braids can help complete your look for any style. If you have medium thick hair then this style is perfect for you because your hair is the most easy to maAlarms/Phone/Internet/Sat TV/Utilities in Calvados
Satellite Systems in France
19, Rue du Mene
22640
Plenee Jugon
Contact: Andrew Barden
Tel: +33 (2) 96 31 87 83
|Supply and installation of English Satellite TV in Brittany & Normandy for over ten years.|Special Heights Satellite Installation Engineer for service & Installation.|Full Sky and Freesat Digital - Satellite System Installation- Dish installation only.|
|Service and Repairs including dish re-alignment-Installation of your own English equipment.|Installation and repair of French satellite dishes.|Changing single LNBs to Quad or Octagon LNBs and associated wiring.|
Electricity Provider
Contact: English Line
Tel: +33 (0)5 62 16 49 08
Phone Company
Contact: English Line
Tel: +33 (0)9 69 36 39 00
UK Satellite Systems | English Satellite TV | Le Bele, Rue du Mene, 22640 , Plenee Jugon
Tel: +33 (0)2 96 31 87 83 a previous article to get a more in depth description of living in Second Life in general. Today I’m writing about My Second Life experience.
What Was Going Wrong.
Why I “Moved” to Second Life..
Go Have Fun With Caution
If you’re going through a difficult time and need to reach out to someone, I will put myself on the line and suggest you give Second Life a try..- Plot overview and analysis written by an experienced literary critic.
- Full study guide for this title currently under development.
- To be notified when we launch a full study guide, please contact us.
The Enlightenment Summary
SuperSummary, a modern alternative to SparkNotes and CliffsNotes, offers high-quality study guides that feature detailed chapter summaries and analysis of major themes, characters, quotes, and essay topics. This one-page guide includes a plot summary and brief analysis of The Enlightenment by Norman Hampson.
The Enlightenment is a nonfiction history book by English historian Norman Hampson, first published in 1991. It is a history of the period known as The Enlightenment, or “The Century of Lights” in France.. It was an era in which old institutions such as the monarchy and organized religions began to wane in power, and individual freedom to express oneself in art, literature, and politics increased. This period was also closely associated with the scientific revolution and the rise of prominent philosophers. The Enlightenment considers this historical period from the perspective of its most significant figures and how they influenced the world around them. Hampson also examines the political climate of the time, and how the Enlightenment influenced the American and French revolutions. Considered one of the most exhaustive scholarly examinations of the Enlightenment, Hampson’s book is a commonly-used source material for college courses.
The Enlightenment is divided into two sections. The first section, “A New Heaven and a New Earth”, focuses on the period 1715-1740 and the effects of the Scientific Revolution. Chapter one is about the social and political climate of the time, including information about the economy and the ruling regimes. Hampson argues that the liberal, rather than repressive rulers who were in power at the time were key to enabling change. Chapter two looks at the scientific discoveries made at the time, and how religion began to change to allow scientific discovery to flourish. The Roman Catholic Church, which had ruled Europe as a de facto government for centuries and had a long arm in the middle ages, had lost much of its land and power, and scientists no longer had to worry about formal heresy charges. Isaac Newton, an icon in the scientific community, had become an almost religious figure in his own right to like-minded scientists who were determined to build on his discoveries. Many of these scientists were Deists rather than traditional Christians. Chapter three looks at human nature, and how ideas about human nature were reflected and challenged by philosophers such as Locke, Voltaire, and Descartes. Chapter four moves on to how “Enlightenment” became a way of life, with people committing themselves to its ideals and developing communes for study, philosophy, and scientific exploration. The severe class distinctions in this period, with the upper class and nobility having the luxury to study, while the poor were confined to largely manual labor, may have stoked resentment that would explode in the 19th century and beyond.
The second half of the book, titled “Not Peace but a Sword”, focuses on some of the specific philosophers of the period 1740-1789. These include Diderot, Rousseau, and Kant. Chapter five looks at the social and political environment in the second half of the eighteenth century, as Enlightenment ideas become more and more widespread. While intellectual growth continued, several countries ran into economic problems and the continent began to see the first signs of the radicalism that would later erupt. Chapter six looks at Rousseau and Kant, their examination of man’s inner voice and how they influenced their respective cultures. Germany, in particular, saw the rise of a new breed of artist, led by Goethe, who challenged national orthodoxy. Chapter seven brings the focus back to science, as it looks at the concept of scientific time and how the early study of human history and its predecessors led the way for the work of Charles Darwin in the next century. It also looks at the greater exploration of historical time and how studies of the past became more mainstream. Chapter eight makes a deeper examination of the link between the Enlightenment and the French Revolution, which took place a mere twenty years after the conclusion of what is generally known as the Enlightenment period. Hampson, a scholar of the French Revolution, sees a direct link between the new ideas of the Enlightenment and the radicalism that took over France. The previous century had created a breach between the working class and the elites that eventually boiled over. The book ends with a look at the lives of the significant figures of the Enlightenment, and some of the most significant works published during the period.
Norman Hampson was Professor of History at the University of York from 1974 to 1989, and was considered one of the foremost experts on the Enlightenment and the French Revolution. A fellow of the British Academy and the first president of the Society for the Study of French History, he was known for challenging the orthodoxies of previous scholars of the Revolution. He was a reviewer and writer for the London Review of Books and the New York Review of Books, and wrote eleven books related to the French Revolution, the period that led up to it, and its most significant figures.Sometimes we say some crazy stuff around here. These are actual conversations between the hubs and I in one typical day.
Me: I love it when I walk upstairs and find pooplets on the floor.
Him: I saw one the other day on the stairs. Just wipe and move on. Regular stuff for us.
Me: When I called him to come downstairs to change, I heard these plop out onto the floor. My life is poo.
Him: Embrace it.
Me: You’re such an encourager.
A little later on:
Me: PW just asked if he could have some petroleum essential oil.
Same day, different conversation:
Me: I don’t want to go anywhere tomorrow. {insert whining face emoji here}
Him: Then don’t. He will be ok.
[BTW, he has an appointment at a hospital in Philadelphia tomorrow.]
Me: He needs to go. I just don’t like going anywhere. I don’t like driving. Especially don’t like driving in places like DC, Baltimore, the entire state of Delaware, and Philadelphia. I just want to stay home and eat snacks and play with my kids and chickens all day.
Him: Amen. Me too.
Me: Boys’ toilet is stopped up again. My life is poo.
Him: Aw nuts.
Me: Thought I’d check out the log cabin steak and seafood restaurant we pass on our way to church. $40 steaks! Mostly seafood on the menu though. Two words. Other steakhouse options that came up in a local search are Chili’s and Outback. {insert green puke face emoji}
Him: Golden Corral sounds good. Or a Chinese buffet.
[BTW, being totally sarcastic about that…our eldest wants a surf and turf birthday dinner. What a punk.]
But wait, there’s more…
Me: Nathan’s hotdogs just had a massive recall.
Him: I saw. Like 200k pounds.
Me: I love it when meat gets recalled, it goes back a ridiculous amount of time. Who buys meat and doesn’t eat it for 6 months?
Him: We need to stop buying meat. Fat chance.
Me: Just junky meat.
Him: But that’s the best kind.
We seem to talk a lot about food. And poop.
Him: Am I the only one craving fried food?
Me: I’ll start on dinner. It won’t be fried.
And I’ll leave you with one last conversation:
Me: Ugh, I should have bought the one book for A yesterday. It was $4.96 yesterday. Today it is $14.69!
Him: Ugh. He’s getting a PS4 anyways, so it doesn’t matter. {laughing emoji}
Me: Uh, no he’s not! He can’t get it for his birthday.
Him: That’s right. He’s getting it for me for father’s day.
We are a riot, a real hoot. If you looked up hilarity in the dictionary, you’d find us. Yes, us, just like this:
Stay tuned. Just me and the Handsome boy are road-trippin’ tomorrow. I may have something deep and insightful about our trip to Philly-yo. But I’m already tired tomorrow. Did I mention how I don’t want to drive through DC, Baltimore, Delaware, and Philadelphia?Disclaimer: There’s a good chance you won’t even need to use these units unless a move surpasses a SBB in range, in which case any application of balance is your responsibility. After all, no one should dislike a moveset just because it won’t define how many millimeters its attacks will reach, but being a few Bowser-lengths off can be another matter. All measurements are taken with characters stepping right behind the line that defines the units in question.
This article was not written to favor using blocks and platforms over characters such as Bowser, Kirby and Ganondorf, or items. Neither was it written to favor one measurement unit over another. We’re creative thinkers, dammit, this shouldn’t even be an issue in the slightest.
Description is undoubtedly one of the most important parts of a set. Yet in a game running on a large scale X and Y axis, it’s not going to do much good to write “a shockwave that travels very far” or “a trap that appears a medium distance away”. Ergo, the application of universal distance measurements in Smash Bros.
Now, onto Stage Builder blocks.
*gasp* Brawl snapshots! How dare I post these in a Smash Bros. fansite!
Now, how much does the average Brawl set actually use SBBs? Hold your cries of “They’re too standard! MYM sets are far more complex and interesting!” A little bit of perspective goes a long way.
Meanwhile, characters with swords and other weapons reach further than their size would have let them.
The biggest guys obviously get to cover the most ground with just a jab, and that’s with a jointed hitbox.
Alright, so what did that teach us? Obviously, these are the usual hitboxes to be found in practical Brawl sets, so they aren’t supposed to be doing anything too flashy; ergo, they don’t reach that far from the character. And the only reason the stronger attacks reach farther than the simpler ones is because of the lag, whether at the start or end, that comes with them. A trade-off between speed and reach.
And of course, there’s the specials. They reach far further than the usual speculation-thread-level moves that these sets have.
One block’s distance for a simple pseudo-grab. Any closer, and Kirby would be flinging fireballs right after.
Two blocks now, already quite a distance. I still don’t know why Project: M changed this back to the boring Melee version.
Three blocks, and enough distance to be regarded a good recovery. Yes, that’s Diddy Kong’s Side Special.
Four blocks’s distance, pretty much a stage away. That Up Special shockwave indeed ends right on the line.
In exchange for range, specials come with all sorts of odd start and end lags; if they aren’t a central theme, then they’re not really meant to be spammed as often as the usual attacks. There’s probably significance with these long-range specials helping in positioning, poking and whatnot, but that’s not something I’m exactly entitled to talk about. The point is, blocks lend themselves quite easily to distance measurement
Battlefield platforms, on the other hand, are not as easy to use.
Platforms are designed to be stood on, to accommodate at least two characters who can duke it out for the right amount of time. Too short a platform, and it becomes plain impractical as a place to fight on. Too long, and it somewhat negates the purpose of the stage beneath it. So that’s one thing that the Brawl development team got right.
To compare the two units:
Of course, being designed to be brawled upon, far fewer moves conform to the distance of a platform in-game.
Medium characters certainly can’t cover that much distance with their usual moves except with a Down Smash.
It’s mostly unfeasible to try make a jointed or disjointed attack reach as far as a platform unless you’re freaking Vorinclex, but platforms can be a decent measure of how far a character or projectile can travel, or how wide a certain prop is if it’s big enough. Obviously, their thin height means they won’t be used for height measurement unless as “can hit anyone standing upon the lower platforms of Battlefield form the main stage”. And putting two platforms together may not be as easy to visualize as one might think…
…thanks to this gap over here. It’s all part of decent stage design, though, so just subtract it from the total distance covered.
“So wait, Prof, what was the point of all this?” A matter of perspective, really. We can’t be playing Smash Bros. all the time, so hopefully this short article helped calibrating those mental parameters as to what counts as reaching too far and what needs to reach farther. After all, a simple block’s distance can make all the difference.
THIS IS THE GREATEST ARTICLE KNOWN TO MANKIND
THANK YOU SO SO MUCH!
By: Junahu on June 4, 2012
at 4:06 am
I came, I came, I five starred
By: darth meanie on June 4, 2012
at 6:11 am
By: masterwarlord on June 4, 2012
at 10:31 am
I think I see…rage? But I honestly don’t know what the problem here is.
By: professorpeanut on June 4, 2012
at 3:31 pm
But nope, lots of pretty pictures and talking about Brawl as if you know what’s going on. 5 star. Katapultar hiting like button is far too telling. Also it’s hipster. Even though being hipster is mainstream.
By: masterwarlord on June 4, 2012
at 10:35 am
And that is Bower’s ftilt, not his jab. And you got a screenshot of him in the middle of it without his hand being fully extended, which is a good bit longer range.
By: stagebuilderblocks on June 4, 2012
at 10:47 am
FTilt doesn’t come with blue scratch-effects.
By: professorpeanut on June 4, 2012
at 3:29 pm
PLAY THE FUCKING GAME.
By: stagebuilderblocks on June 4, 2012
at 10:47 am
This article honestly feels so much like something you’d see on Smash Dojo. Very nostalgic.
By: katapultarr on June 4, 2012
at 11:19 am
I think I see…rage? But I honestly don’t know what the problem here is.
I will say, however, that the reason I tend to not use them as frequently is because of the way they squash and stretch their hitboxes as they move and attack in-game. Doesn’t Bowser shorten his width whenever he uses his Up Special? Doesn’t Kirby reach further with his feet, or become notable shorter whenever he ducks?
Battlefield platforms, on the other hand, are not as easy to use.
This comes across as an argument piece in favor of SBBs. I don’t see why else Junahu and DM would fap so terribly hard, much less when Junahu has a long history of adoring these bloody things. Tacking on disclaimers will not change that. My post was a counter-argument in favor of platforms/Bowsers. I get many, many hippoish replys on my articles no matter how many disclaimers I put on.
Rage indeed.
By: masterwarlord on June 4, 2012
at 3:52 pm
I’m just surprised that you think me as someone who attacks your opinions on purpose.
I’d like to understand, though. Just what is the significant effect of the identity of the measurement unit that people use in movesets, assuming that they all exist within the game and thus can be used to compare distances?
Article somewhat edited.
By: professorpeanut on June 4, 2012
at 4:11 pm
I do now believe that you your article was not intended to cause this now, in the least, especially with the new disclaimer at the beginning. You couldn’t really know about this bitter game of ours. I probably wouldn’t have even commented the article if not for the replies. DM’s doesn’t really matter, but Junahu adoring the article so much made me think it was a pro SBB piece. While you insist that it’s a neutral article throughout the article itself and nobody is better or worse for picking Bowsers/Platforms or SBBs, you do say that your opinion is that you generally prefer the SBBs in those quotes. You can understand the interpretation, yes?
By: masterwarlord on June 4, 2012
at 4:16 pm
Wake up next day, lots of rage. I really don’t care as much about using SBB blocks or not to measure moves or distances, I just thought that the fact that there was actual effort in this article instead of pointless theorizing was impressive.
And the point of the article wasn’t even to use stage builder blocks as a tool of measurement, but to help clarify what attack length really looks like and reorient ourselves back to how brawl actually works and the length actual attacks reach.
By: darth meanie on June 4, 2012
at 6:10 pm
What the? Warlord man, ya gotta stew before you leap into and attack things. This isn’t the days of Rool, where a spiteful entendre could lurk behind every corner.
I don’t endorse SBBs. I endorse SBUs (Stagebuilder Units) which are unmistakably the smallest unit of measurement within the Stagebuilder. There’s no ambiguity with SBUs.
By: Junahu on June 4, 2012
at 11:32 pm
I resent that. My spite was always entirely in the open. Ya gotta see that, maaaan.
By: KingK.Rool on June 5, 2012
at 5:21 am
I totally uh, meant Bad Days: by Rool
It’s got like these undertones man, a creeping meloncholy or somethin’.
By: Junahu on June 5, 2012
at 2:47 pm
@Falco’s Down B: It was changed because the Brawl version had a fraction of the utility of the Melee Version
By: Anonymous on June 5, 2012
at 5:48 am
But its boring. They should have just made the brawl version more useful.
While there are things I think project m got right, there are some that just boggle my mind.
By: darth meanie on June 5, 2012
at 8:10 am
The Brawl version was 1: too slow and 2: hit at a bad angle for Falco’s cool thing: Pillaring
It hits the foe upwards at a steep angle, so he can follow with Dair, then Fast Fall down to another Shine, etc, or even kill off the top with it. He can also use it to pressure a shield by jump-canceling it, and immediatley SHFF’ing it again (or Waveshining) to keep the pressure on.
You simply cannot do any of these things with the Brawl Shine, even if it hit at the same angle all because of the animation.
By: Anonymous on June 5, 2012
at 9:20 am
Project M’s has its uses. But Brawl’s does too, perhaps not for the crowd who SHFF’les and jump-cancels, but certainly for those who appreciate a “creative” move that involves a reflector that you kick away from your hurtbox.
By: Junahu on June 5, 2012
at 2:36 pm
Brawl’s only had 2 uses: combo off a jab combo, which did nothing better than any other move that comboed from it, and reflect projectiles.
Melee Shine lets you: Waveshine, Kill off the top, Reflect things, Combo off of it both on the ground and in the air, Slow your decent slightly.
Sure the Brawl one may be a bit more creative, but it unfortunately has only a fraction of the utility of Melee Shine.
By: Anonymous on June 5, 2012
at 7:33 pm
They got rid of Bowsercide in Project M FFS. What do you expect?
By: masterwarlord on June 5, 2012
at 7:33 pm
They got rid of Bowsercide in exchange for Superarmor on a variety of moves, increased size/weight/range/power while keeping his speed from Brawl, Flame Canceling (if you short hop and Fire Breath, landing causes there to be 0 startup to the flames), ability to Jump out of his Down B for a super-jump, and the Koopa Klaw, which gives him 2 throws (forward/back) for either 15/18% and a free aerial follow-up.
He’s a tank now, and he doesnt really -need- to suicide.
By: Anonymous on June 5, 2012
at 7:52 pm
*popcorn*
(chew)
By: Davidreamcatcha on June 7, 2012
at 4:33 am
I’m not touching the Project M stuff with a 10-SBB pole (smirk2)
Pretty interesting stuff. Makes me wonder if Sakurai was using these things as a standard for range.
Smash 4 should use Stage Builder Bowsers to make everyone happy.
By: hyperridley on June 8, 2012
at 6:01 amAries is known as the Pioneer of the Zodiac. The primary medicine it provides to you during this time is innovation, optimism, gusto and an adventurous spirit. The clear vision of the Red Hawk also flies your way during this period, as per Native Indian Earth Astrology wisdom.
You may feel as if you're flying with renewed wings. Clearly allowing you to see your life & the world around you vividly, directly, succinctly - without clouds obstructing your view.
The other medicine of Aries or Red Hawk is leadership & problem solving. Have a unique idea, goal or plan? This is the time to take steps toward it. Take a new step. Re-evaluate your options. Pursue those that fulfill & inspire your Spirit the most.
Tools to practice under the Aries Moon are patience and stability. As you blaze brightly with determination, careful not to burn out. Temper that energy with self-patience. Stubbornness or arrogance may appear. Swat it with compassion, tenderness & patience.
When combined with Sun in Libra, your personal & business relationships move front & center. Use the Libra's medicine of harmony & fairness to balance any interpersonal struggles - creating a bridge between opposing forces.
The other force present now in our skies is the Jupiter/Uranus combo. It signals a period of human liberation - where fresh discoveries catapult us into a brand new future.
Hang onto your hat! You're in for the ride of your life! Enjoy!
Blessings to you ---
Robin Amanda Kelley
Fantastic! My brother is an Aries...wow...you are right on! Thanks so much for the talk today, I hope to meet you very soon.
Toni :-)
Toni - my pleasure - both ways! - RobinWhy Buy the Film, When You Can Get the Trailer for Free?
More and more frequently, movie trailers are better than the movies they're promoting. As they've become increasingly adept at short-handing a feature-length plot, and increasingly unconcerned about revealing all the elements of said plot, they play like accelerated shorts, complete with a story arc and emotional climax, ruining plot twists and funny-the-first-time-you hear-them jokes. They're trailers for people who hate surprises.
David Edelstein, in his New York review of the new Terminator film (aka, the film where Christian Bale lost his shit ), demurs from revealing a mysterious fact about one of the protagonists. ("I won't deprive you of the pleasure of figuring out his secret for yourself, about an hour and a half before the Big Reveal," he writes). The trailer is not nearly as circumspect, having revealed months ago that the protagonist in question is, in fact, a hunk of metal .
Another trailer that outdoes its source is the glorious promo for Glee , Fox's new show about a high school glee club, premiering tomorrow night. The show itself is, apparently, " sweaty and desperate to impress ," but the trailer...Wow. The trailer is the Platonic ideal of trailers for anyone who enjoys fictions involving high school, angst, music, geeks, jocks, teachers, highly choreographed dance routines, and "Don't Stop Believing." (How long before the cultural capital accrued from its appearance in the final minutes of The Sopranos starts to dissipate? Years?) It's a larger population that you might imagine.
One new trailer that doesn't ruin everything is the sneak of Nine , a musical inspired by Federico Fellini's 8 ? co-starring Daniel Day Lewis, Judy Dench, Nicole Kidman, Marion Cotillard, Penelope Cruz, Sophia Loren, and, confoundingly, Kate Hudson and Fergie. The trailer, like the film, is overly ambitious, stuffed with dance routines, period costumes, black-and-white footage, baby blue convertibles and a charmingly brusque Judy Dench. It's a treat. After watching it, I had no clue if the final product will be hugely inspired or a huge mess, and that uncertainty was a nice surprise.Makeup is something that I’ve written about before, but I think it’s worth revisiting because this stuff accumulates like snow in the Midwest. I end up with more of it all the time and often don’t know where it comes from.
And then I realized: I impulse buy cosmetics. Especially if they’re on sale, or if it’s a new color that I think is kind of fun. I got red lipstick last year and guess how many times I’ve worn it? Half a dozen. How many times have I worn it out of the house? Zero.
Let’s take a look at what I found in my makeup case:
I’ve trimmed it down in the last few years, and I’ve started buying less expensive products (seriously, I love E.L.F. from Target and I won’t deny it).
I think, too, that my face needs much less covering up when I’m eating and drinking and sleeping right. Not to say that’s the only fix for healthier skin, but it helps.
It’s the little things that get to us
My “collection” didn’t take up much space before I started cutting down, but I realized that’s not what this is about.
When I get ready in the morning, I have to fumble through less-used products to get to the one I always use. If you don’t have makeup, the same might go for your paperwork. It could be extra pens or a cluttered kitchen drawer.
Wouldn’t it be better to just get rid of the unnecessary things that get in our way? Instead of letting yourself run into a dozen mini-obstacles every day, get rid of what causes the trouble.
How I cut down on my makeup supply
So I took the same tried-and-true approach to cutting down on cosmetics. Is it useful? Is it beautiful? Does it bring me joy?
I also employed these cosmetic-specific rules when deciding what to get rid of:
- Is it old? Like, embarrassingly old? I just read about how long to keep makeup and I’m way out of range on some of my powder and lip products. Yikes.
- Do I use it or do I enjoy using it? Does it still have a place in my daily routine? If I use it regularly (or look forward to using it for a special occasion), I keep it. If not, toss it. If it’s a product I just don’t like using (for me it’s lash curlers, for others it’s eyeliner or foundation) I’ve decided to ditch it too.
- Does it fit my complexion or my overall style? Like I said with the red lipstick, some items just don’t work with my face. I just finished reading The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up by Marie Kondo, and she explains that these items have already served their purpose: their purpose was to let you know that they’re not the right choice for you. No regrets in throwing these away.
Now if I need to travel anywhere, my makeup case is already packed and ready to go. It all fits in a small box, including any brushes I need and my three shades of nail polish. I feel lighter and more ready for last-minute adventures this way.
Here’s what my makeup collection looks like now:
How I’ll buy makeup in the future
If I decide that it’s time to add a new high-quality cosmetic to the rotation, I have some advice from my best friend. She’s more patient with makeup (and much, much better at it) than me! Here’s what she recommends:
- Research. Makeup can be expensive. Since it’s good to use for months at a time, know what you’re getting into before you buy. Read reviews and watch videos on application so that you don’t just buy random products in your quest for the perfect look. You can even look for videos or reviews for drugstore alternatives to more expensive brands.
- Get Samples. Samples let you know that you like a product before committing to it. They’re free, they’re small and they’re a good way to curb impulse buys. My friend recommends Sephora, where the products are high-quality but the prices can be intimidating. Don’t be afraid to ask questions and give the product some thought before tossing it in to your shopping cart.
- Check return policies. If you’re skipping the drugstore brands and going for more specialized brand names like Sephora, check the returns policy. Don’t keep something just because, well, maybe you’ll get used to it. A fifty dollar bottle of foundation isn’t something you just want to “get used to.”
I hope this gives you a good start in going through your own makeup and creating the rules that work best for you.
Remember, there’s no magic number to minimalism. It isn’t about extremes either. It’s about living with only what you need and what sparks joy.
It’s about making more space in your life for what really matters to you.
2 thoughts on “Pretty Little Things: Cutting Down on Cosmetics”
Great post! It’s been awhile since I thought about my makeup but was had realized a few weeks ago I was using a couple different night creams before going to bed each night. I looked into what I really wanted my night cream to do, tried on a few samples and found the perfect one! Being able to start the day with a fresh face really does make a difference! It’s so easy to accumulate and think you need a little bit of everything!
Thank you! I know, and it’s surprising when you go through things to see how much you’ve accumulated in even short periods of time.1 O LET the prisoners' mournful cries
As incense in thy sight appear!
Their humble wailings pierce the skies,
If haply they may feel thee near.
2 The captive exiles make their moans,
From sin impatient to be free:
Call home, call home thy banished ones!
Lead captive their captivity!
3 Show them the blood that bought their peace,
The anchor of their steadfast hope;
And bid their guilty terrors cease,
And bring the ransomed prisoners up.
4 Out of the deep regard their cries,
The fallen raise, the mourners cheer;
O Sun of righteousness, arise,
And scatter all their doubt and fear!
5 Pity the day of feeble things;
O gather every halting soul!
And drop salvation from thy wings,
And make the contrite sinner whole.
6 Stand by them in the fiery hour,
Their feebleness of mind defend;
And in their weakness show thy power,
And make them patient to the end.
7 O satisfy their soul in drought!
Give them thy saving health to see;
And let thy mercy find them out;
And let thy mercy reach to me.- Saturday September 2nd, 2017 :: 03:09 p.m. PDT
Sonoma County Sheriff's detectives arrest three suspects for homicide.
Detectives from the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office have arrested three suspects in yesterday’s homicide investigation that occurred in the 4500 block of Porter Creek Rd in Santa Rosa. At about 8:30 AM yesterday the Sheriff’s Office received a call from the California Highway Patrol stating they were out with a suspicious vehicle in that location. The vehicle reportedly had bullet holes and blood was present inside and outside of the vehicle.
Deputies arrived just before 9:00 AM and found a blue Toyota Previa with windows shot out and bullet holes present in the driver’s side of the van. Deputies searched the surrounding area and found a body of a Hispanic male in his mid 30’s down a ravine near the Previa. Detectives were called out and they processed the scene and conducted an investigation.
Evidence located within the vehicle led detectives to a Santa Rosa motel where they were able to get check-in information and surveillance video linking the victim to the primary suspect identified as Maria Guadalupe Torres, a 40 year-old woman from Clearlake.
Detectives went to Lake County and located Torres along with her son, 20-year-old Rene Espinoza Martinez Jr. and her husband, 40-year-old Rene Espinoza Martinez Sr. Through interviews with the parties, detectives learned that Maria Torres had been involved in a lengthy romantic relationship with the victim. Maria’s husband and son recently became aware of this relationship and didn’t approve.
In the early morning hours of September 1st, Maria was with the victim on Porter Creek Rd in the Previa when they pulled over in a dirt turnout in the 4500 block. Maria got out of the Previa as Maria’s husband and son pulled over in their car alongside them. They fired a gun from their car into the driver side of the Previa. The victim was shot and fled out the passenger side of the Previa. He ran to the ravine where he fell and was left for dead.
At this time we aren’t releasing details of who shot the victim, however all three of the family members acted in concert in the homicide and were arrested and booked for homicide and conspiracy. They are currently being booked into the Sonoma County Jail and will be held without bail.
The victim’s family has not been notified yet so his name is also being withheld. Detectives are still seeking to interview witnesses and will release more information it becomes available.
Prepared By: Sgt. Spencer Crum
CR 170901-001 »Thursday, July 28, 2011
Snowman John Lennon
Posted by Garef at 9:30 PM No comments:
_1<<:
_6<<On the Use of the Process Dictionary in Erlang
The process dictionary vs. Sexual education
The process dictionary is one of these beasts that new Erlangers (and even somewhat knowledgeable ones) are told to avoid at all costs. The idea, of course, is to protect said Erlangers (but mostly more experienced ones who will have to maintain their stuff) from insidious side effects that are difficult to track and look after when a bug happens.
This, in my opinion, leads to some form of cargo cult programming (just think about Go To Statement Considered Harmful [PDF]). You get hordes of programmers who just turn a blind eye to the existence of the process dictionary, when it is actually a vital part of the OTP framework. You also get hordes of programmers uneducated about its uses, intents and purposes. This is somewhat similar to the whole debate regarding sexual education in schools. I do not believe teaching abstinence is a good policy when sooner or later, the programmer is going to encounter the process dictionary; you'd better aim for good comprehension and education on its usage to avoid nasty consequences and gross ignorance later on.
So what is it good for?
In OTP, the process dictionary is used for two purposes: storing the process' ancestors and also storing the initial function call. You can see them being inserted into your process every time you use
proc_lib:spawn/1 or
proc_lib:spawn_link/1:
1> proc_lib:spawn(fun() -> io:format("~p~n", [process_info(self())]) end). [{current_function,{erl_eval,do_apply,5}}, {initial_call,{proc_lib,init_p,3}}, ... {links,[]}, {dictionary,[{'$ancestors',[<0.31.0>]}, {'$initial_call',{erl_eval,'-expr/5-fun-1-',0}}]}, {trap_exit,false}, ... {suspending,[]}] <0.33.0>
The ancestors are useful when terminating a higher level supervisor. This lets OTP know that a given message or exit signal comes from a parent process and might order an orderly shutdown rather than a crash. In case of a process that traps exits, this lets the framework call your terminate functions and avoid forwarding parent signals to
handle_info/2 callbacks.
The
$initial_call value isn't used that much outside of debugging, but it is usually a good way to figure out where a given process is coming from.
Other uses of the process dictionary include the
random module, storing the random seed in the process. The
user module uses it to fetch info from the shell process which might be waiting for results from somewhere else. The
global module/server uses the process dictionary as a key-value cache for remote node configurations. The
fprof application makes a similar use of it for its internal state.
There are other modules using them, but that covers a good range of them and the different use cases.
Could these be handled somewhere else?
It's probably possible for some of these, although it might not be ideal.
For the ancestors and initial calls, it might not be nearly as efficient to do it somewhere else: the process dictionary disappears with each process and is automatically garbage collected with it. The calls are local, and thus will never really be part of a bottleneck (it could happen with ETS), which is especially important when it comes to calls every process in a system could be making.
For the random module, it allows quick mutation and a handling of the random seed away from the viewer's eyes. Technically speaking, it wouldn't be such a big deal if you had to carry the seed around and update the references you hold yourself, but it does make the API simpler, at the cost of making it more confusing sometimes. I must admit being bitten a few times by forgetting to set a seed, something that wouldn't happen with a functional interface.
For the user module, it could possibly be the kind of stuff handled by ETS, although you would likely run into a bunch of race conditions. Basically, the shell process has to wait for a bunch of results from functions it tries to run (or ports it listens to), and then quickly make what it's currently doing available and give details about its state to the rest of the VM that may need it. It is simply easier and probably safer (who thought these words would be use to advocate the process dictionary!) to do things the way they are done right now.
In the case of the global server, I do not believe there is any reason that forces the use of the process dictionary past the simplicity of holding a bunch of different values and the quick updates it gives you.
So what should we do?
That's a tough one. As shown above, the process dictionary has all kinds of uses, from never changing configuration metadata, to some kind of hidden state, workarounds for concurrency, without forgetting the good old 'optimising through destructive updates' use case (which a reader aptly compared to ASM in C).
Does it mean we (the common Erlang programmers) should use it? Hardly. A few things to note about these modules and applications:
- They are generally written by Erlang experts, or at least, experienced users;
- They have been used during years for hundreds of projects that likely acted as very good tests, both within and outside Ericsson;
- They are performance gains that can influence entire systems given how widely used they can be (global) or how dangerous they can be to a production system (fprof);
- They are the best tool for the job.
Point 1 alone is hardly an excuse to use the process dictionary. While I don't consider myself an expert, I know I would find it ridiculous to just say "I'm a pro, let's use p-dicts!" It's more of a general statement that says that you know what you're doing, understand most, if not all of the tradeoffs, etc. If you're a newcomer to the language and are considering using the process dictionary, ask around the community (maybe on IRC, #erlang on freenode) to get some advice and suggestions; there might be other solutions you do not know about.
Point 2 pretty much excludes most applications we are writing ourselves, but there's no doubt good testing can increase our confidence in the product to the point that the dangers of the process dictionary isn't much of a worry anymore. Hopefully the confidence in your code is well deserved.
Point 3 is particularly interesting and requires a judgment call. Should this simply moved to C? Is it a simple enough compromise that basically lets me use the code the same way as if I had a third party process to do it for the benefits with little consequence? Am I ready to give up the explicitness of standard key-value data structures for this one?
Point 4 is a rare occurrence. I think the user module might have a valid case. Same for the OTP meta-data; it's inherently tied to the process itself, gains from the concurrency and garbage collection aspects of the deal and never changes.
I believe (without proof) that most people complain about the use of the process dictionary when you don't have the point 1 or 4. Point 2 or 3 are rarely a concern for most Erlang programmers (again, a proofless statement). There's also some anger that pops up when people use them for cheap destructive updates when other simpler, easier to maintain solutions exist for optimisations to be tried in the first place. Make an effort, god damn it!
Back to sex ed
I guess the easiest way to tie this post back to sexual education is that with the process dictionary, you will know when it's the right time. Not because other options are too hard to do right now, but simply because they are not as adequate..Shakespears Sister Stay tab
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- STAY - Shakespear's Sister ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Tabbed by: metalgeardave Email: metalgeardave@hotmail.com F C If this world is wearing thin Dm Bb And you're thinking of escape. F C I'll go anywhere with you Dm Bb Just wrap me up in chains. F C But if you try to go alone Bb C Don't think i'll understand. (Chorus) F C Dm Stay with me. F C Dm Stay with me. F C In the silence of your room Dm Bb In the darkness of your dreams. F C You must only think of me Dm Bb There can be no in between F C When your pride is on the floor Bb C I'll make you beg for more. (Chorus) F C Dm Stay with me. F C Dm Stay with me. Dm You'd better hope and pray Bb That you'll make it safe C Back to your own world. Dm You'd better hope and pray Bb That you'll wake one day C In your own world. Dm Cause when you sleep at night Bb C They don't hear your cries in your own world. Dm Bb Only time will tell if you can break the spell C Back in your own world. F C Dm Bb Stay with me x4
Maria Full of Grace
Cert: 15 Year: 2004 Length: 100 mins Language: Subtitles
Audience Reaction
Score: 78.18% Attendance: 121
Reviews
Links
Synopsis.
Critics
Marston builds incredible tension . . human drama etched on Moreno's young, weary face
Peter Travers, Rolling Stone<<With Thanksgiving around the corner, much of today was spent preparing for tomorrow. I made a dairy-free pumpkin pie, a caramel apple pie, and a traditional apple pie with the leftover pie crust and apples.
I had arranged with Marc to have some extra help with the boys for a couple of hours, so that I could get the pies done faster. At one point while Marc ran to the store to pick up a crucial ingredient for me, I was left with my little walking boy playing at my feet.
I was busy peeling the granny smith apples. Ben was busy pulling out the Tupperware from the bottom cabinet and the red plastic cups. Then he found his favorite cupboard that holds the Emergen-C packets that he likes to tote around and chew on.
I paused to watch him playing at my feet, and thought of Hugh still napping upstairs... and felt so grateful for these two little boys who have come into my life. A year ago they were both on their way, but I was still feeling very hesitant to trust that they would both arrive safely and surely. But, hope was as strong as ever.
And, here we are a year later with our greatest hopes realized. Benjamin and Hugh have filled the space in my heart where pain once set up camp and threatened to stay forever. I never would have imagined life could be so sweet. Even, or maybe especially, with a kitchen floor covered in Tupperware.
With so much to be grateful for, tomorrow is bound to be a wonderful day of celebration. Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends!
4 comments:
Happy Thanksgiving!! Have a wonderful, blessing filled day!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I hope your Thanksgiving was wonderful! I am so grateful for you!
I'm so grateful you have your boys. Such a blessing!!! I hope your thanksgiving was wonderful.
Our computer died that had all our addresses on for Christmas cards.sigh. So, I would like to send you card but I need your address. So, if you have a second could you e-mail me your address. I hope you know how amazing you are. :)
Love,
Andrea
ajlarsen6@yahoo.comIntroduction instructions and also when presenting your speech, be prepared to adapt to your audience and different situations. It's also important to know the differences between informative and persuasive speeches. Basically it is very vital to know the "do's and don'ts" about public speaking as a whole. I know now that there are many ways to control communication apprehension as well. I feel that now I can stand comfortably in front of an audience to speak and not be the least bit nervous at all.
I can honestly say that this was a great and rewarding class. I would recommend this class to anyone. My personal opinion is that if anyone is contemplating about taking this class, "Go for it!". There is a vast amount of valuable information that you can pick up on especially if you are planning to do any public speaking in the future.
Dr. Madison you have been a great instructor. Thank you for the direction and I appreciate all that you have taught me.
Sincerely,
Chris Harrisserving next: left without the undies.
Why do always have to deal with indecency day? things just got worst and worst every day, stepping on a way. munch munch but I think this can somehow catch your senses.
Watch her loose senses. Watch her loose the undies. Watch her left it at home. watch it be replaced by two handkerchiefs. Watch her do it under the table. Watch the meatballs. Watch the pornography. Watch the vivid landscape. Watch the land of the rising sun. watch the most seen mountains of wisdom. Watch her do it again. watch the zipper that my cat apprentice left off. watch the inside and take a peek. Oops. Watch her laughs and quiet comments. Watch cool dudes respond. Watch them shiver. Watch them crawl down the spine. Watch the pornography again. watch and peek through.
Watch, watch, watch.
toodles.
First comment here, eh…. Well, what can I say??? She loves the word “Indecent”. Indecency here, indecency there indecency in wisdom’s lair… To bad, her gimmick didn’t work well. We still noticed her missing blind spot eventhough she wearing this Camo…. Hehehehehe What sharp eyes we’ve got…
Ces’t La Vie
hahahahaha…dat’s all i can say…WBC 154-pound world champion Jermell Charlo not only made two strong statements to fellow fighters in his division in 2017—but he put the whole sport on notice that he is a fighter to be reckoned with.
Best of PBC 2017: Fighter of the Year
In our final round of our annual PBC Awards, we present our highest invidiual honor to our Fighter of the year. If you missed any of our accolades for the best moments and fighters of 2017, check out our Best of PBC 2017 page.
There might not be a more exhilarating feeling for a fighter than winning a world championship—especially via knockout … then again, most fighters don’t follow up such triumphant title celebrations with highlight-reel KOs in successive championship defenses.
But that’s exactly what Jermell Charlo did in 2017.
After knocking out John Jackson in May 2016 to claim the WBC’s 154-pound belt, the Houston native came back with an even louder statement—scoring back-to-back knockouts in his two ring appearances in 2017.
Charlo's first title defense took place in April against once-beaten Charles Hatley, who Charlo vowed to put down after plenty of prefight verbal sparring.
Charlo controlled the fight through five rounds and flipped the lights out in the sixth when he landed a devastating right hand that laid Hatley out cold on the canvas.
Charlo was back proving his haters wrong again in October.
While plenty of pugilistic pundits and fans thought undefeated contender Erickson Lubin poised a serious threat—Charlo erased any doubts late in the first round when he landed a short right uppercut that left Lubin quivering on the mat.
Charlo’s two title defenses in 2017 not only pushed him to the top of the 154-pound pecking order, but made “Iron Man” one of the hottest boxers in the sport and our pick for Fighter of the Year.
Other Fighter of the Year candidates included three-division world champion Mikey Garcia, 135-pound titleholder Robert Easter Jr., 154-pound champion Jarrett Hurd, 147-pound champ Errol Spence Jr., and heavyweight king Deontay Wilder.
For all of the year-end honors, visit our Best of PBC 2017 page.
- Topics
- Best of PBC 2017
- Jermell CharloOperations and Systems Management
Dr Kate James
- Qualifications: PhD Operational Research, Swansea University.
- Role Title: Teaching Fellow
- Address: Richmond Building Portland Street Portsmouth PO1 3DE Room: Burnaby Terrace 1.04
- Telephone: 02392844082
- Department: Operations and Systems Managementy
- Faculty: Faculty of Business and Law
Biography
I have been a lecturer in Quantitative Methods at the University of Portsmouth since September 2013. I hold a PhD in Operational Research from University of Wales, Swansea, which looked at measuring efficiency in NHS Trusts using Data Envelopment Analysis. Following my PhD, I spent 9 years as a Government Operational Research Service analyst, working in the Department of Education and Employment, the Department of Trade and Industry and the Border Agency. During this time, I worked on diverse projects such as the development of a value-added measure for 16-18 year olds, forecasting air passenger traffic demand, analysing performance ratings by gender and ethnicity and forecasting nationality applications.
Teaching Responsibilities
Quantitative Methods and Decision Analysis; Quantitative Methods for Accountants; Business Intelligence (SAP BW and SAP Hana); Enterprise Resource Planning Systems (Advanced Microsoft Excel and SAP S/4 Hana).Study to Evaluate the Clinical Outcome in High Risk Patients Who Received Empirical Antifungal Therapy
- Study Details
- Tabular View
- No Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record
- Mortality both Short term (while on antifungal therapy) and Long term (within 12 weeks of completion of antifungal therapy) [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- Mean Duration of ICU (Intensive Care Unit) / HDU (High Dependency Unit stay after initiation of Antifungal Therapy [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- The common pathogens associated with Invasive Fungal Infections [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- The common empirical antifungal agents used in suspected Invasive Fungal Infection [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- The mean time for initiation of Antifungal therapy after suspicion of invasive fungal infection [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- The risk factors in patients with proven/probable invasive fungal infections [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- The appropriateness of antifungal agent based on microbiological and/or clinical outcome [-neutropenic patients (18-75yrs) admitted in the intensive care/critical care unit who are prescribed any form of pre-emptive / empirical Antifungal therapy during the specified study duration period
Exclusion Criteria:
- Neutropenic patients
- Patients with proven invasive fungal infections where antifungal therapy was initiated after the confirmation of Invasive fungal infection/Candidemia
- Patients who received prophylactic antifungal agents
To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contact information provided by the sponsor.
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier (NCT number): NCT01439646
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier (NCT number): NCT01439646
Keywords provided by Dr Raja Dhar, Fortis Hospital, India:
Additional relevant MeSH terms:TAMPA, Fla. — The long-term role for Yankees right-hander Joba Chamberlain has not been determined.
TAMPA, Fla. — The long-term role for Yankees right-hander Joba Chamberlain has not been determined.
GM 'all right,anks see Chamberlain, who had an 0.38 ERA in 19 games out of the bullpen in 2007, as a reliever for the foreseeable future.
Manager Joe Girardi said the team would likely turn to Sergio Mitre or Alfredo Aceves — and not Chamberlain — should a starting pitcher get hurt. Some have projected Chamberlain as a future replacement for closer Mariano Rivera.."Today we introduce you to Jen Wilde, Aussie fangirl extraordinaire with a penchant for zombies and the paranormal. Jen joined Wattpad in 2012 and was instantly hooked. Today, her stories have received over four million reads and her writing has been featured in the epic anthology, Imagines: Celebrity Encounters Starring You, produced by Gallery Books in partnership with Wattpad Studios. When asked about her start on Wattpad, Jen had this to say: “I started posting my first story, As They Rise, and made friends with other writers whose stories I loved. In the years since, I’ve made more friends and written five stories. I self-published my zombie series, my paranormal romance is published by Limitless Publishing and I landed a dream-come-true deal with Swoon Reads. It’s been an amazing experience so far and I have to say joining Wattpad is one of the best decisions I’ve ever made!”
For Jen, the decision to join Wattpad would ultimately result in her acceptance into the Wattpad Stars program. A milestone moment that left Jen buzzing. “I was at home, in my kitchen, staring at my laptop screen in jittery excitement. I’d been wanting to be a part of the Wattpad Stars since I first heard of it, so it was an amazing feeling to know I’d made it.”
Jen is truly unique in her approach to storytelling. Her fiction plays with the paranormal in a way that appeals to variety of audiences. For that reason, her works have been used to promote films like The Fifth Wave and Pride, Prejudice, & Zombies on Wattpad. “I loved having the creative freedom to create my own story based on those worlds and had a lot of fun writing them,” says Jen. “These projects helped me grow my writing skills and also introduced new readers to my work.”
Aside from working with the biggest names in entertainment, it’s the connection with new readers that keeps Jen coming back to Wattpad. “I think social media has provided more opportunities for creatives to express themselves and gain recognition for their work. It also creates a direct line for writers to connect with their readers, which I personally love. Being able to talk with readers and get to know them – whether we’re talking about my stories or the latest episode of The Walking Dead – is so much fun for me.”
Jen is currently working on Queens of Geek, a story set to be published next year. Astonishingly, wIth so much on-the-go Jen still finds time for her favourite Wattpad Stories: “I have so many Wattpad stories that I can’t wait to catch up on, like Spook by @jeepersgigi and Paper Wishes by @spencerhoshino.”
Like many of the Wattpad Stars, Jen advises people on Wattpad to stay active and engaged within the Wattpad community. “Try not to judge your worth or the worth of your writing on how many reads or votes it gets.” says Jen, “I’ve found the best way to reach people on Wattpad is to keep writing, keep posting chapters, and make friends. Read other people’s stories, give positive feedback, and make genuine friendships with people.”
Perhaps the best piece of advice Jen can offer writers aiming to reach the Stars program, however, is this: “If writing is something that makes you happy, don’t give up on it.”
Stay tuned for more instalments of Meet The Wattpad Stars. If you’re a brand looking work with these Stars or an entertainment studio hoping to partner with Wattpad Studios to find your next hit story, Get in touch!The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel (2011) WS R0
You can check the GALLERY bellow, don't forget to leave a comment:
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel (2011) WS R0 – Movie DVD – CD Label, DVD Cover, Front Cover –
British retirees travel to India to take up residence in what they believe is a newly restored hotel. Less luxurious than its advertisements, the Marigold Hotel nevertheless slowly begins to charm in unexpected ways.
Categories: Movie DVD Covers & LabelsTemporary Street Closure: Section of Bruce Street Downtown
Posted May 3, 2017
A section of Bruce Street downtown will be closed to all traffic on Saturday, May 6, 2017 from approximately 6:30PM-11:30PM for a special event.
The closed section is from Court Avenue to the Parkway. The closure is necessary for the safety of individuals attending the Sevierville Commons Association "9 to 5 Free Movie Night.", reports The Guardian.
The analysis by Cambridge Econometrics predicts that a no-deal Brexit could shed as many as 87,000 jobs in London alone, with the capital’s economic output 2 per cent per cent lower in 2030 than would be the case with the status quo, which would widen inequalities. happens, but that it was the first time such an analysis had been undertaken.The Saved Sect This entry was posted on July 15, 2009, in Creed. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment Adhering to the Sunnah Ruling on political and religious parties The prosperous one in the sight of Allah The path to Jannah To be a Muslim is a great honor and source of pride An advice for young men The difference between Sufi Tariqahs and Shari`ah The splitting of this Ummah into seventy-three sects Technical definition of Ahl-ul-Sunnah wal-Jama`ah A Muslim should follow what is revealed in the Qur’an and Sunnah The obligation not to be prejudiced towards a group against another The Islamic group closest to the Truth The Salaf are Ahl-ul-Sunnah wal-Jama`ah A Muslims’ duty in irreligious societies” Witnessing against all nations on the Day of Resurrection as one of the merits of this Ummah Wahhabism Useful books for understanding `Aqidah suggested by the Committee Advertisements Like this:Like Loading... RelatedYour Team Has Walked 377 km
The Tukluks
This team is a group of coworkers and all but one are first timers.
Community: Yellowknife
Team Members
Team Captain: Elaine Fournier
- Aaron Cotterill
- Ames Rae
- Andrew Hoogsteen
- Angus Martin
- Christine Angel
- Courtney King
- Devon Hicks
- Elaine Fournier
- James Rivera
- Jenia Rubel
- Joey Wilson
- John Angel
- Katie Carey
- Marvin Gray
- Matt Roberts
- Mike Cortez
- Rocky Yatco
- Sally Nitsiza
- Trevor Wright
- Zach McKillopMaruti Suzuki Wagon R On-road Price in Shahabad
Maruti Suzuki Wagon R price in Shahabad is 3.98 – 4.52 Lakh on 16 January 2018. On road price of Wagon R base model is 3.98 Lakh & top model of Wagon R is priced at 4.52 Lakh. Visit your nearest Maruti Suzuki dealer in Shahabad for Wagon R test drive or make a request for Wagon R booking at best price in India.To know Maruti Suzuki Wagon R on road price in Shahabad, hit Get On Road Price button after filling all required details.
*Ex-Showroom Price in Shahabad
Maruti Suzuki Wagon R Price in Shahabad3 Variants available
- Maruti Suzuki Wagon R LXi(Petrol) — 3.98 LakhGet On Road Price
- Electronic Power Steering
- Front Power Windows
- Central Locking
- Maruti Suzuki Wagon R VXi(Petrol) — 4.24 LakhGet On Road Price
- Integrated Music System
- Keyless Entry
- Front And Rear Fog Lamp
- Get On Road Price
- CNG
- Electrical ORVM
- Roof Rails.The Garage at 103.9 The Fox
Mark all (un-)played
Series home•Public Feed
Manage series 1875931
ByDiscovered by Player FM and our community — copyright is owned by the publisher, not Player FM, and audio streamed directly from their servers.
Classic rock station in the northwest Chicago suburbs that showcases local bands!
23 episodes available. A new episode about every 7 days averaging 53 mins duration .State and federal officials announced today a $550,000 settlement in a fraudulent medical billing case against Green Valley Pavilion of Smyrna.
Members of the Delaware Attorney General’s Office medicaid fraud control unit and the U.S. Attorney’s Office determined that some of Green Valley’s employees were altering patient charts in order to get more money from the Delaware Medicaid Program.
Because the investigation showed that none of the nurses personally profited from the scheme, state and federal prosecutors pursued Green Valley for restitution due to Medicaid. After months of negotiations, Green Valley agreed to pay more than a half million dollars.
“Caregivers have been sharply reminded of their responsibilities to their patients, and nursing home owners are on notice that they will be held responsible for the acts of their employees,” said Deputy Attorney General Dan MIller, the lead prosecutor in the case. “We have already seen a drop in the amount of questionable reimbursement requests submitted to the Medicaid program.”I'm tired of being on steroids. I've been really emotional and melancholy lately, and I don't think the prednisone is helping that much anymore. I keep being really existential, and I think I'm having a quarter life crisis.?
nah that was out of order, that person in the wheelchair should've been more understanding, especially as i'm sure he/she has come across prejudice in their life as well. people are just idiots sometimes, try not to get too upset over it even though it's hard not to!The forward and linear progress of time is central to human experience.
And as noted in a recent Facebook posting by the World Science Festival's "Rethink Science" feature:
"The past drifts away and the future relentlessly approaches. But does time really flow? Or, as Einstein suggested, might the distinction between past, present and future be an illusion?"
So, if you are interested in some meaningful scientific and secular conversation about this problem, please share your thoughts...thanks!
Time is mans invention, a measure for his own convenience, it means nothing outside of his own consciousness and absolutely nothing in the universe and beyond.
Creationism is entirely irrelevant to any scientific discussion no matter what the topic. Creation--as explained in the Bible, is a myth. Creationism is a belief in that myth. End of story.
Time is not a myth as there is much more to time than our primitive senses of past, present, and future.
Time is not limited to clock time or chronological measurement of minutes, hours, days, etc.
Some current SCIENTIFIC thinking on time: … d3dc850933
Summary: Time is real and is the by-product of entanglement.
If just a concept invented by man, what is a clock measuring, and why does that measurement change in a gravity well?
A clock measures mans interpretation of time.
Great point wilderness!
If time is just a human construct, then Einstein's theories are bunk and there is no such thing as space-time and NO possible way, for example, to measure the speed of light.
Accept time as a fact, albeit mystifying. Do not try to imagine it coming from one side and passing to another. Do not joke about it or sound too clever about it for nobody can explain it. I too can only think about it and this is my thinking. Imagine it as an enormous rolling wheel with the future rolling towards you as the past rolls way from you.The imaginary point where the wheel has contact with the ground is the momentary "Now." Have you ever wondered how long "Now" is? It is as long as it takes you to ask the question, for once asked, another "Now" has replaced it with the relentless rolling of the wheel. Accept that the wheel is so huge that you won't experience a repetition of any "Nows" already gone by. The future exists like a book full of pages. Perhaps you are living your life on page forty nine, but you won't know how many pages there are. One day the writing in your book will suddenly cease, you will see the last page, and it will be "The End." The future, like time, exists. Tomorrow is your next page.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Albert Einstein
Didn't I ask for meaningful and scientific conversation?
Can we dispense with religion, spiritualism, mysticism, Mayans, and other assorted nonsense and focus on the science of time; the physics of time?
Do you want a scientific comment which is factually correct ? Then you have to accept it with the factual basis of religion. Everything you can think of, and much more, is based on religion.
Time is a measurement that makes sense for the inhabitants of the planet earth of least today. A day on Pluto is much longer than a day on earth, yet it 'is' a day. Time is the difference between two rates of change. Time is not a dimension. Time has no location, no attributes, no separate existence or reality of its own, and time grows larger. Rates of change are perspective from a point of origin. There has to be a zero point even if it is declared 5 minutes after 4PM on such and such date. That point must be declared for late (after) or early (before) to have significance. Time does not care where that point is. That will not affect time.
Time of essence is change. Time is illusive because of memory. I remember the starting point and make measurements from it. Oddly, to travel backward into time is actually time moving forward. If it were possible how long it took to go from 2014 to 1900 (travel along a negative vector) is a positive rate of change from a zero point. Again, time grows or becomes larger. Thus, change continues along with it.
Many contemporary physicists would challenge this point you make: "Time has no location, no attributes, no separate existence or reality of its own, and time grows larger."
Probably so. Having shared my thoughts I confess my views are not set in cement. Having read on time once in my life'time' (a little humor for a bit and a byte I today realize physics, philosophy, and religion all have different concepts. Generally I do not think they have found a happy ground for agreement or if so only on a few points along a line of concepts for usage. I inferred it is not a dimension in regard to 3rd dimensional and etc. and not it as a means of measuring dimensionally, e.g. distance. It compliments distance kinda' or vice versa.
However, IMHO, time as a tool or means of measurement seems always to be relative to what is used here on planet earth as the base, thus I eluded to Pluto being different. I tend to think time is a principle first and then is used as a process' for measurement. Time is time the same as an inch is an inch. You can bend it, make it into a circle, twist it, or lay it in a line. It measures how far memory spans from here to there or there to here. To me time is an absolute value of least for 'me' to comprehend it no matter the vector. Again, that may just be me and what little knowledge I have for it.
A minute on Pluto is still a minute. So I fail to see how the fact they spin at different speeds has any affect on what time actually is in both places, i.e. the same. It is like saying that because my dog is large and brown and yours is small and black one of them may in fact be a cat. Time is not illusive when one refers to a shared standard of time (GMT etc) which continues to tick regardless of what one is doing.
Not if you are on Pluto.
The current GMT could be communicated to the person (or cat) on Pluto using a synchronized atomic clock. That being my point. Where you are is irrelevant to the time it is unless you are traveling faster than light or getting crushed by a black hole.
Untrue - clocks today are accurate enough to detect a time change in orbit around the earth. The difference in gravity means that the clocks have to be reset every day or the cheap GPS units we all use won't work.
Something I ran across a few months ago - I had no idea that our instruments were so accurate. I had always assumed location was determined by triangulation, but it turns out that it is the difference in the time reported by different satellites (by the time our GPS gets the signal) that is used instead.
I am not sure what you are saying is untrue. All I am saying is that a minute on Pluto is the same length as a minute on Earth. How you measure it accurately is a technical issue--but the minute is still the same length and time itself is the same in both places.
But a clock ticking off minutes, even an atomic one with tremendous accuracy, will yield different lengths of that minute because of the differing gravity they are subjected to. A gravity well slows down time, and clocks in that well will not record that same time passage that one outside the pull of gravity will. It isn't just a black hole that does this; it is every source of gravity, i.e. every particle of mass. The difference in the passage of time between the surface of the earth and in orbit a few miles above is easily measured and must be taken care of just to run our GPS systems here on the surface.
relative to earth.
No, not really. The question was clocks on Pluto and Earth, and I merely point out they will keep time at differing rates to an independent observer. Say, one floating around between Mars and Jupiter (whose clock will keep at yet a different rate as there is no gravity well at all).
Time is surely relative to the planet one is on.
Do all planets rotate at the same rate?
Maybe so.
In which case a minute is a minute whatever planet you are on.
I guess.
-would time exist if the planet you were on stopped rotating?
no.
Rotation has little to nothing to do with it; the amount of gravity does.
." … z399q77i3n
NO...all planets do not rotate at the same rate or even rotate at all.
Time---as understood in physics, is NOT about day and night (among the end-results of planetary rotation).
If I may try to clarify; I see what you are saying psycheskinner. To the immediate observer of the minute, be they on Puto or anywhere else, the minute experienced will always be the same length. However, what the others are saying and what Relativity tells us, is that to an external observer comparing both 'minutes' one will appear longer than the other. Its like the classic fantasy scenario of disappearing into another world and experiencing an extended period of time before returning to find that a far shorter period had passed in the real world. Your first-hand experience of time's passage never changed, but you ended up out of sync because the 2 worlds represented different frames of reference. This has been empirically proven using atomic clocks within different gravitational field strengths.
Another way to look at that is a 'day' is one rotation of the planet. That is divided by 24 (Hour). That is divided by 60 (Minute). That is divided by 60 (Second).
A 'day' on Pluto is in earth measurement = 6days + 9hours or 153hours
If you lived on Pluto you would say an Earth day is 0.157 of a Day or about 1/6 of (Pluto) Day.
Using the formula above an hour on Pluto is in earth hours 6.375 hours and etc.
A minute is a minute. An hour is an hour. However, is it arrogant to say an hour measurement based on Earth to'day' is correct? On Pluto an hour is an hour too. It simply is an hour. It is only when a rate of measurement is compared to a different rate of measurement that difference occurs for a day or hour or minute or etc. Who says the base rate from (at) earth is correct for the universe?
[ All of my calculations are subject to correction]
Another concept is 370 million years ago using the same method to determine a day (1 rotation) a day was 22.7 of our hours today. A year was 400 days. 4.6 billion years ago the earth day was 14 of our earth hours today. (Source: … otate.html)
That as a concept means a man today age 60 lived 525,600 present day hours. Those same present day hours 4.6 billion years ago means a man would be 102.85 years old (525,600hrs ÷ 14hours x 365 days) based on the present hour we know and our present day formula for a year. Or, he saw the sunrise and sunset more times. He simply was older then.
Notation: At 370 million years ago a year was 400 days. No information was provided for 4.6 billion years ago for a year.
A 'day' has been defined by the Universal System of Units as 86400 seconds. A second itself is defined as "the duration of 9 192 631 770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium 133 atom".
This increases the accuracy because a day isn't defined as the time period of an Earth solar day anymore. Back in that system, a day was a solar day, an hour was 1/24th of the solar day, and a second was 1/60th of an hour. The solar day is different on Earth and Pluto, but a day in SI Units is exactly the same because it is standardised.
SI Units
"International System of Units noun
a system of physical units (SI Units) based on the meter, kilogram, second, ampere, kelvin, candela, and mole, together with a set of prefixes to indicate multiplication or division by a power of ten." Dictionary
I'm somewhat confused why you've posted a dictionary reference for the SI?
Just to clarify. We need to know, don't you think? I greatly appreciate what you have contributed to this discussion!
Okay, fair enough. SI units are standardised to increase accuracy.
For example, the metre was once defined as one ten millionth of the distance from the equator to the north pole. Now it's defined as "the length of the path travelled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1/299,792,458 of a second".
Because the speed of light in a vacuum is a constant, standardising the metre to this means that accuracy is greatly improved.
Thank you!
No problem
So, time is simply relative and is based on a principle with an observer? Time seems to not exist with infinity. Time only exists as a measurement between before and after. Even if time is measured as a negative value as with a vector it still has a before and an after. Time fills space as a measurement as long as the space is finite, (a before and after as observable by an observer) yet itself has not dimension until distance is introduced. Then there is dimension(s).
Time as a measurement is used by humans to plan their lives and such. I suppose you could say it has a past, present, and future relative to our own experience. The current moment is present, an hour ago is the past according to the definition of time that we live around, and the future is yet to come.
Time in terms of physics is something else entirely. I do not purport to understand it to any great degree, but it is a separate dimension. You have the 3 spatial dimensions, then time is another dimension. String theory would suggest that there are even more dimensions than this.
I have always thought along that line until recent debate. Seems there is dispute regarding time as a 4th dimension with physicist today. [Source: … space.html & … nsion.html].
I venture to say I gather what they are sharing, however I could never really explain it to another. It apparently says it is a measurement and nothing else. Quoting the first article, "“We consider time being only a mathematical quantity of change that we measure with clocks. This is in accord with a Gödel view of time."
There is also a relatively new belief that time is a result of quantum entanglement. Experiments are beginning to show evidence of this. Only 'time' will tell whether this is the case.
Time is a piece of animation, and the universe is an animation studio. I have nothing to add to this; it just sounded more profound than it probably is.
I love a good scientific discussion, but when you talk about the basis of time, you're treading on creation.
Things persist, because the one who created them allowed them to take off on their own. When you know the truth of something, you suck the persistence out of it. I've seen this thousands of times.
There's more to the universe than is dreamt of in your philosophy, dear mbuggieh.
Of course time is an illusion. We think in directional terms : past, present, and future, simply because we are designed to operate in this fashion. As someone has suggested, an animation studio is a very primitive example of what is happening here. In other words, our perception of time is only a matter of focus. And it is our limited focus that creates the illusion of time. In the real world, all events are occurring simultaneously, and perpetually until the "end of time", so to speak. This is why every old misery must be erased, and each point along the timeline brought into a harmonic balance.Once such a balance is achieved throughout the timeline, the collective soul is born. Essentially, we are in a giant womb; the evolving consciousness of a collective soul.
Before Pythagoras and Aristotle, the earth was round. Their belief that it was round, and then all of the empirical evidence that followed, did not make it so. The "science" of man simply discovered and verified an existing fact. Prior to this establishment of "scientific fact", it would not have been uncommon for an ignorant person to demand proof, or evidence from anyone who claimed the world was round. Of course, the enlightened individual, not being able to "prove" what was actually true, would then be held up to ridicule, as being a man with an overactive imagination, or even worse, a lunatic!
However,an intelligent man does not rely solely on the writings, and teachings of men. Men of limited understanding, who lack creativity, will memorize facts and formulas that have been written in books, and then agreed upon by men. They will then attempt to demonstrate their "knowledge" and superiority by parroting these facts and figures. Although this can be quite entertaining to watch, the arrogance that almost always accompanies such performances is quite pathetic. (see Planet of the Apes)
Much of the knowledge that had been documented on this continent prior to the European Invasion was purposely destroyed, because it challenged the myth of European superiority. The great irony here in "America", is that what the Europeans have yet to discover, has already been known by various Indigenous entities, for thousands of years. Although some of my brothers understandably reject all that is European, this is not my way. I accept wisdom and knowledge wherever I may find it; even if it has been delivered by the hand of a butcher. And so, when it comes to discussions concerning time and motion, I often refer to the words of Jesus:
"Do not give what is holy to the dogs; nor cast your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you in pieces."
These are very valuable words. Whether Jesus was real or not, is beside the point. Whoever wrote these words was a very intelligent person.
Time is so entrenched into the world that we depend on sleep to survive. Without sleep we die. We are completely dependent on the illusion of time to the point that it IS an undeniable reality.
"Much of the knowledge that had been documented on this continent prior to the European Invasion was purposely destroyed, because it challenged the myth of European superiority." WrenchBiscuit
Can you elaborate on this statement, wB?
Are you saying those people knew the earth was round?
and therefore understood the "movement" of the moon, planets and stars?
??What does sleep have to do with time? We need sleep when our body begins to run down, not when the clock says to.
Time is related to the cyclical nature of our bodies. We are wired to fall asleep every night for the sake of the life of the body. You don't think even the body's ability to shut down every night is dependent on the rotation of the earth toward and away from the sun?
-my point is this: We are completely dependent on the illusion of time to the point that it IS an undeniable reality.
The fact that our hearts eventually give out due to old age (even if we eat perfectly or stay perfectly healthy) is also proof of the power of time as established on earth. You can say time is an illusion, but you can also say the illusion of time is a very powerful reality.
I don't see time as an illusion, any more than the three spatial dimensions we experience are.
But that does not mean that passage of time is why we sleep; we sleep because the body needs renewing, not because it is night. That we evolved as day time animals rather than nocturnal means nothing - we (typically) sleep at night because our body needs rest every 24 hours or so and that is the period when we huddled in a cave to stay away from the predators. Might as well sleep then rather than in the day when we had to be up and about, finding berries and grubs (Yum!).
Maybe your hearts give out because they had beaten all they could, not because 80 years passed. Or because we smoked or ate fatty foods; those will do it to and without the necessity of all that time to old age.
We are definitely not "wired" to sleep after dark. Humans sleep are "wired" to sleep as needed---generally frequently and for short periods of time.
The pattern of sleeping at night is socio-economic and cultural and related to the fact that once-upon-a-time there was nothing other than natural lighting...
So when it got dark, people could not work or do much of anything so they began to use the time as sleep time. Humans, not out of wiring but out of necessity, engaged in a pattern of wake/work between sunrise and sunset.
Maybe you and wilderness are not, but most people are. As they get older the system starts to get weaker, but it is still a very strong system…part of the the limbic system.
ula septum pellucidum, habenular commissure, cingulate gyrus, Parahippocampal gyrus, limbic cortex, and limbic midbrain areas."
Oh, I sleep at night. My grandkids, on the other hand, typically hit the bed a little before sunrise and sleep until noon or later. Most older children will, given the chance - how many studies have we seen saying that teens don't wake up in time for school, that we need to change school hours to start much later to accommodate the teen that sleeps half the day away?
My daughter's natural rhythm as a child was arise at eight o'clock and go to sleep at eight o'clock. Parents are negligent in allowing their children to stay up past ten at the latest. I fall asleep right at ten. It is like clockwork how I get sleepy at that time. (Now)
According to the dictionary, the circadian cycle within our brains is not dependent on light. However, I had a concussion and found that darkness indeed helped me. In fact, it is now recommended that those who have suffered traumatic head injury blacken their rooms at night to re-set the brain's sleep patterns. I disagree with the dictionary based on first hand experience.
In order to get sleepy, I would often go outside, climb in my sleeping bag, and stare up at the stars. Finally I would fall asleep. You cannot imagine how terrible you feel without enough sleep.
The body's ability to fall asleep is something to be valued and not tampered with. Becoming dependent on sleeping pills is the worst. (I have a friend who is having a very hard time trying to get off them.) I recommend going outside at night when one has trouble settling down the mind.
I have thought about writing a hub about this. I discovered so much during this last year. Many times I just wanted a drug. But, look what happened to Michael Jackson! He was desperate to sleep! I resisted the impulse and now I am much better.
TWISI
Kathryn,
Many of the Mayan Codices ( folding books made from a type of bark cloth) were destroyed by the Spaniards in the 16th century. Out of thousands of books that were destroyed, only 4 survive. Only 3 of these 4 have been authenticated. There are differing accounts as to whether the Maya knew the Earth was "round". I have heard arguments in both directions. I am inclined to believe that they did know the Earth was round. My belief is based on their accurate observations of planetary movement, and their overall knowledge of astronomy.
Yes, they were aware of the solar system, and planetary movements, at least the planets that are observable with the naked eye. They were also aware of other star systems such as Pleiades. In fact, they believed that the Maya originated in the Pleiadian star cluster.
The "Dresden Codex" which is dated 11-12th century, details a lot about what the Maya knew of planetary movement, and astrology in general. Here is the link:
Here are some interesting facts:
• Their calculation of the solar cycle was quite accurate: l 1/10,000th of a day more accurate than the present calender.
• Their lunar calculations are off by only 33 seconds after 1500 years.
• The complex orbit of Venus was predicted within 1 day in 6000 years. Their predictions of the orbit of Mars are equally accurate.
• Maya scribes wrote about "a dark rift in the center of the world ( in this context "world" meant galaxy) that is the home of all evil and the doorway to the underworld" 3000 years before modern astronomers discovered the black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
mbuggish,
Here Ye! Hear Ye! Original thought is what drives the scientific method that you so highly esteem. The ability to think outside the box is nothing but a very basic example of "creationism". Einstein did not invent language, or a number system. The mathematics and the foundation upon which he built his theories existed long before he was born.
What set Einstein apart was his creativity. his imagination, and his ability to see beyond what some other man had written in a book. Because of this , he was able to write his own chapter. The whole world had access to the same tools that men like Einstein, and Tesla used . It was their ability to mimic God at a primitive level that set them apart; their ability to actually create, rather than simply parrot what had gone before. Rather than become slaves to the scientific method, and followers of lesser men, they dared to be the master of it all.
I am amazed at the millions who have chosen to simply follow Einstein and Tesla, rather than emulate their creationist approach.
Creativity and creationism are NOT equivalents. Creationism is not engagement with or belief in creativity.
But creativity was used to create the ideas of creationism...
mbuggish,
Of course it is! we are like biological machines.We mimic, in a more simplified fashion, that which created us. Look at what we create as humans. Everything that we create is based on the same geometrical shapes that exists within us. In fact it is impossible for us to create anything that is not a square, circle, polygon,polyhedron, triangle, etc. Everything that we build or create is essentially a duplicate, variation, or "remix" of something that already exists within us. Even when we go to a molecular level, these shapes are still present.This fact is inescapable.
It only follows that this form of replication would be manifest throughout the universe; from the epicenter of creation, to all other entities above, and below us. The confusion here, is that you have chosen to define the term "creationism" in a more specific sense that is directed exclusively toward theology. In the context of my comment , I am defining creationism in a much broader sense. And so this exercise alone, demonstrates how language itself can be a major stumbling block when trying to understand various scientific, or metaphysical concepts.. But apparently, like many of your predecessors, you find it difficult to accept any knowledge that may challenge the imagined superiority of the European .
You have asked the right question, but it appears you do not recognize the right answer.
Whatever.
If you think things can't "un-happen", you need to read some contemporary physics papers.
I think you've read way too much into Abbott's "Flatland".
."
What, pray tell, are you using for evidence/support that the predecessors of the Maya thought all events took place at the same time and that the future was already written?
I think this was "explained" on "Ancient Aliens" (Season 1-5) and/or in any number of books written by Ancient Aliens theorists...
wilderness,
Various organs of the state will often pose as commentators on internet forums.Also, many sites on the internet were actually created by various agencies to gather information on the general populace. But this only displays the overall ignorance of world governments during this particular era. It is just another waste of taxpayer money.
The problem with their methodology is that that there is a natural failsafe, so to speak, that prevents certain information from being freely disseminated to the public. But unlike a cryptograhic code, which has been purposely designed by men, and then set into motion by said men, this "natural code" behaves like an automatic parental control device. If the viewer cannot deliver the appropriate passcode, or key sequence, they cannot access a particular program.
With that in mind, I have already answered your question and provided the empirical evidence that you have requested. It can be found in the structure of my comments on this thread. If you cannot see or understand what I have clearly written, then there is nothing else that I can provide. You asked a reasonable question, and so I have provided you with a reasonable answer. Of course, I am aware that many Americans believe that knowledge can always be obtained by force, purchased for a price, or exchanged freely, but these are only popular misconceptions.
Thank you, wB.
The more I think about this question, the less I feel I can separate time from entropy in my mind.
The idea that there is a timeline containing a discrete past, present, and future seems more and more foreign to me now. This is quite possibly the illusion of time, that we believe once events happen they are bound in the past and could be revisited if travel to the past was possible. But for these events to occur, entropy must increase, and entropy can't be reversed.
A hot cup of coffee is the ubiquitous analogy for this, where you can clearly see that heat from the coffee gradually permeates into the colder surrounding air, warming the air until both the coffee and air are the same temperature. This is a process that is irreversible. In order to add heat back into the coffee, we need to use energy to heat it up again. The heat itself will never flow back into the coffee from an environment at equilibrium.
You can see this same system at work everywhere. Even when you lift up an arm, your metabolism is creating kinetic energy from glucose and fat to fuel the movement of your muscles. Your body can only cause your muscles to move because it can take advantage of the change occurring between a low entropy state and a high entropy state.
As such, it seems that all change results in an increase of entropy, and the second law of thermodynamics states that entropy can only increase. I may be wrong here, but from what I understand, nobody has ever found a way to reverse entropy.
Should the universe achieve a state of overall maximum entropy, where it enters heat death, there is no more change. Stars have since died out, and life itself has no means to derive the energy to grow and move itself. If change does not exist any more and everything in the universe stays the same, has not time itself stopped?
Evidently, looking at the very nature of entropy, you can see that things happen and they can't 'un-happen'. If you drop an egg and it breaks all over the kitchen floor, you can never put the egg back together again. In order to go back in time to before the egg was broken, there would have to be a way to reverse entropy.
I believe this is what gives time direction. If time itself is separate and discrete from entropy, it wouldn't matter if it was moving backwards. As long as entropy continues to increase, we have no idea what direction time is moving towards. The very process that forms memories in our brain follows the direction of entropy.
So, in conclusion, entropy is what drives our perception of time, and for all intents and purposes entropy and time may be the exact same thing, at least as far as it matters for humans.
The confusion about time has much to do with the language. For instance, many use the expression "time", to describe two different things. The clock is simply a mechanical device that divides the distance between the rising and the setting sun. The seconds, minutes, and hours, are only real in a mathematical, or abstract sense. Such things do not really exist; only in the imaginary world of men. But men have also tried to apply the same definition to what is happening in the real, 3 dimensional world, or the world that is common to all creation. If we are going to speak of time, then we must stop using one definition for two distinct phenomena.
To further illustrate, the word "pain" is also used to describe two distinct phenomena; one real and the other imaginary. A man who has experienced the death of a loved one experiences an imaginary emotional pain. To expedite a conversation, he may make the common remark that he is "in pain". Anyone familiar with the context would understand his meaning. Yet, with even the greatest empathy, or most sympathetic heart, a third party cannot actually "feel" this man's pain. This is because the emotional pain of a subject is imaginary, or only relevant to the subject. However, if we were to put 100 people in a room with no escape, flood the room with gasoline, and then set the room afire, each participant would experience a common "pain"; a feeling that would require no explanation. This type of physical pain can be appropriately defined as "real" because it is common to all. Of course, to someone who could feel no physical pain, both emotional, and physical pain would be imaginary.
The point is, we cannot reach an understanding of either type of pain, if we restrict ourselves to a common definition. Neither can we get a better understanding of time if we are relying on imaginary mathematical constructs to explain a real phenomena.
Pain is intrinsically subjective in that two observers cannot look at a single "pain".
Time is objective in that all observers can observe its passage in objective way such as the time taken for the radioactive decay of a substance.
Time, in that sense, is no difference of linear distance and very difference from any human feeling.
There is only one time, and it is real and shared. The fact that methods of measuring it are fallible does not change that a minute has a certain length all over the universe, and something only has its one length at any given point of time.
You have only proven my assertion to be correct. You used an imaginary construct to explain the decay of a radioactive substance.You have also made the assumption that the imaginary measurements of time used by men are universal; existing apart and independent of human consciousness. This is the kind of thinking that kept the Europeans locked in a geocentric interpretation of the universe for thousands of years.
velocity is a concept directly dependent on time. The speed of light in a vacuum and outside a gravity well is inviolate everywhere, and that velocity is dependent on time being real and not a construct of humanity.
wilderness,
My statement, "the imaginary measurements of time ", in my previous comment, does not suggest that time is not real; only that perception, and a primitive approach , have created an illusion. Since you cannot challenge my argument, you have obviously resorted to "spin". Your "speed of light" example only further proves my point. You are attempting to explain what is real with measurements that exist only in the imagination of a man. Apparently this is a concept that is foreign to you. But your same measurements would be just as accurate when applied to a holographic insert.
Like I stated earlier it appears that you don't have access to this information, so there is nothing I can say that will help you understand. Hafa Adai!
My error - I didn't see any argument, just a bogus claim that time is imaginary and responded to that. I obviously misunderstood your post.
wilderness,
Perhaps you think that your derogatory comments will hurt me somehow, but it only provides a record for others to study. Your belief, or disbelief ,does not affect the truth. It appears that you have spent a lifetime getting secondhand information from books, or from a third party who read it in a book. It reminds me of a story I read as a small child.
The story was about a boy who brought a bouquet of flowers to a girl , but she was disappointed because they were not plastic; consequently they would not last as long. You expect knowledge to come at an appointed time, and wrapped in a familiar package; branded with a particular stamp.
My purpose here was to offer something of value to a discussion. You have made your own choices in deciding to follow other men, and so this is your reward. I decided long ago to find my own way, and so, this is mine.
You take offense when plainly none was offered.
But as far as offering something to the discussion, it did not work for me, as I was unable to understand your post and read into it something you now say was not intended. You seem to indicate that your superior mind has perceptions and illuminations not available to anyone else, but when pressed they are only imagination at work without any supporting evidence - something we can all do. Most of us just realize that such things are of no real value to others and do not bother to communicate them.
Exactly wilderness!
We are being schooled, it seems, that wrenchBiscuit's mind is superior---fully capable of understanding things that are, apparently, beyond the scope of our puney cognitive capacities; puney capacities that (as I recall from wrenchBiscuilt's previous comments) we should understand to be associated with our being (essentially) Americans.
So far, about the only thing I've gotten from such posts is that the prior civilizations and peoples of the Americas (that wiped out their own predecessors) are far advanced from what we are today. Their cookfires, bows and arrows, and primitive religions far outpace anything we have, to say nothing of their massive knowledge base of cosmology, chemistry and physics.
I think you got the long and the short of everything "wrenchBiscuit" posts.
I know, right? I would love to go back in time and see Teotihuacan all lit up with their super-efficient LED lights while the priests flew around in their sky cars.
Problem wrenchBiscuit:
Your claim that time is an illusion is just plain WRONG.
For the last 100+ years physics (experimental physics as well as theoretical physics) has demonstrated that time is real not an illusion; time is an actual dimension.
Before you mock and insult others, you need to educate yourself about what is IN REALITY known about the universe in which we live.
And your patented lined about "following other men"....it's really worn out.
Does the moon spin the same rate as the earth?
If you lived on the moon you might want to create your own units of measurement based its particular rate of spinning.
The moon rotates at approximately 1 RPM (revolution per month). It's why we see only one side.
what are our units of measurement based on here on earth? the division of 24 hours?
I'm not positive what Colorado Springs uses; whether it is the rate of radioactive decay or the time for light to travel a specific distance. It USED to be the rotational period of the earth, but that was not accurate enough and changes have been made.
According to wikipedia, it is atomically defined:
To me, time appears most likely to be a mental construct of sentient beings and has no existence outside one's mind.
Interesting question to which I don't know the true and complete answer. I can best describe it as consciousness or sentience in my personal opinion.
I thank your 'mind' for asnwering 'my' question.
My mind says 'you're welcome'
Am I missing a message here?
would time be based on the size of the planet? some planets have longer days.
Only in that larger planet will normally have higher gravity at the surface. And the length of day has zero to do with the length of a second. "Day" is defined by the rotation period, "second" is defined by the distance light travels in that second, or perhaps in a clock the rate of radioactive decay.
But, a second is an earthling measurement and based on the rotation of the earth. Who told you it is based on distance light travels in one second? At what point were seconds established? after measuring the distance time travels in one second?
...obviously not.
by RFox9 years ago
Where do we come from according to your personal philosophies? Ruben Rivera7 years ago
Cool video
by Lela6 years ago
Most people I talk to have a concept of the universe as a fixed amount of space with some sort of boundary surrounding it. Some people believe God lives beyond this "boundary".Please explain why you believe...
by stuart7476 years ago
Could it be possible?what do you think?
by Prodio3 years ago
The word enlightenment has been misused by a lot of people. Enlightenment, they say, is achieving something which wasn't previously there (in the human consciousness). While 'my' contention is that human.Bachelor Party Turns Into Rescue Party When An Unexpected Visitor Shows Up
October 28, 2016
They were about to kick off a bachelor party in Tennessee, that’s when the group of eight men had an unexpected visitor at the door.
“We were cooking bacon with the door open. The next thing you know, there’s this dog sitting right at the front door. She wouldn’t come inside but she sat right there.” Mitchel Craddock said.
That’s when the night shifted from bachelor party to rescue mission. The group was immediately smitten with the friendly dog.
“She was such a sweet dog that once we gained her trust, she was happy to see us, wagging her tail — just a big sweetheart,” Craddock said.
Craddock also noticed the dog had pups but she was too sick to produce milk.
“After we gave her a bunch of food and water she started producing milk again. So we figured if she’s making milk, her pups can’t be that old.” Craddock said.
The group soon discovered the dog was watching over a specific place in the woods. It was there, in a giant hole, they found seven puppies.
“We set each pup individually down in front of her and she nuzzled their faces and she checked out the pups and to the person holding them, she gave the look of, ‘It’s OK, I trust you,'” Craddock said.
He continued, “Every single one had a big fat belly on them. The mom had given the pups literally everything she had.”
The groom and his groomsmen adopted all eight of the dogs, including the mother. Luckily, all of the homes of the men are within 5 miles so the family won’t be too far apart.
“We pooled a bunch of money to buy food and beer. After the third day, our beer fund turned into puppy food fund.”
The group is certainly happy with how things turned out. Of his wife’s reaction, Craddock noted, “I proposed to her with our chocolate lab and now it’s our joke that for any of our big life events, we’ll get a dog.”A new option allows for generated PDFs and other document files to be automatically attached to their corresponding activities, saving you a few clicks.
Case subjects are now editable, allowing you to rename cases – or just fix your typos
Cases can now be merged or restored from trash using the API
Two new columns and filters on the Bookkeeping Report: contribution ID and financial account owner.
This change increases the coverage of hook_civicrm_selectWhereClause to include selecting events.
Mailing reports now can display the subject line in addition to the internal mailing name.
CiviMember
Auto-renew options on contribution pages now appear or freeze according to the selected membership type's settings for auto-renew.
And as always, we’ve made dozens of small improvements and bug fixes, to give you a smoother experience overall..
PSA: GPG Signing Key
Just a general detail that's a bit unusual and didn't make it into the announcement -- this release is the first one signed with a new GPG key. The new GPG key uses stronger crypto (4096-bit RSA vs 1024-bit DSA).
They key is identified as 7A1E75CB (6181 9CB6 62DA 5FFF 7918 3EF8 3801 D1B0 7A1E 75CB). You can find it on the public keyserver (hkps://hkps.pool.sks-keyservers.net) or .
Progress on PHP7 support
Is anyone able to give an update as to how far progressed we are with achieving compatability/support for running on PHP7? This info would be much appreciated.
There are a number of live 7
There are a number of live 7.0 sites & we consider it to be stable. Php 7.1 still seems to have a couple of quirks & less sites (but still 86):rolleyes:
sum 1 just sonned themself even worse haha "i'm not replyin" replied twice
:rolleyes: i said that about the movie before i knew he permanently changed it
PSA to all g-unit groupies = stop tryin, all you do fukin wit me is son yaself
wow @ how retarded these kids are, i said he changed it for the movie when i a.ssumed it wasn't permanent, well it is permanent, stop sonnin yaselves children, lookin through the thread and quotin me = LMFAO damn u on my dik
this sh*t is way to fukin easy, it's 249037234 - zero, goddamn i'm in the lead
that doesnt make sense, he changed it permenatly cause he caught feelings, if he wanted it for the movie, it could have got painted on.
your sh*t is way to easy to read through
stop sonnin yourself
stupid a.ss
I cant believe all these "grown men" in here havin a fukkin 10 page debate over another n*ggas butterfly on his face.get over it. fu*k!
@ u bein this SLOW, i said he changed it for the movie (meanin it was makeup, a cover up u slow fuk) becuz when i saw the trailor to his movie the butterfly tat was changed to sumtin else, goddamn are u really this slow?
yea these g-unit groupies are obsessed, it's really sad and pathetic
Get Rich Or Die Tryin' is a top 5-15 album depending on who you are
im not replying again
sonnin himself still.....
you're seriously showing your face on this site after being exposed?
[pic - click to view]
i can't believe either of these homos are showin themselves after bein exposed
i never d*ckride or defend game, i speak the truth, the truth hurts, go watch banks gay pr0n while listenin to yayo's album, dance in ya g-unit shoes homoClinical Pathology Clinical Pathology Without Complications PDS’ Ascentos clinical pathology software is a forerunner in the industry because of its intuitive layout and ability to streamline processes. Its unique user interface allows for real-time data review, run administration and acceptance, all within one screen. Moreover, scientists can manually enter data (even manual counts) and receive data from instruments — all using this single screen. Tools are so well organized that scientists don’t have to spend as much time getting accustomed to software because it just works like they think. And like all PDS solutions, our Ascentos clinical pathology software interfaces with our entire lineup — you can even access and review clinical pathology data, such as an animal’s growth curve, within our pathology module. Benefits Conveniently Controllable Set quality control parameters and define session intervals Quickly change animal sequencing for randomized processing Work from templates to rapidly define sub-protocols Flexibility Meets Usability Automated data recording with ability to develop drivers for any instrumentation Optional sample status, location and condition tracking features See the Bigger Picture Faster Input qualitative and quantitative data in one screen Color-coded data entry and review for fast processing Effortlessly import and integrate Excel data Give your clinical pathologists the most powerful and straightforward platform to accelerate research activities. Bar-code labeling Compliant with 21 CFR Part 11 Data export features, including FDA-suggested formats and external statistics Data range-checking based on age, alarms applied Data review and acceptance management Integrated quality control management system Integrated user-definable statistics Levey-Jennings plots Definable sample order (fortuity lists) Fully integrated search for historical control data Session-driven data acquisition Sophisticated data verification algorithms Supports all types of short-term and long-term studies Supports count data (e.g., blood smears, bone marrow smears, etc.) Template- and protocol-driven User-definable parameter options Request a Demo“This budget represents the continuation of all of the efforts we’ve been making for close to 12 years with one objective. Our biggest concern is improving the quality of life for our citizens,” Montreal Mayor Gérald Tremblay says.
This should have been Mayor Gérald Tremblay’s legacy budget, his closing statement on three terms in office and his aspiration for Montreal for the coming years, whether he’s leading the city or not.
Instead, Tremblay’s last municipal budget before the November 2013 city election became the butt of puns and cynical statements about corruption as soon as he and his right-hand man, city executive committee chairman Michael Applebaum, presented it at a news conference on Tuesday.
The $4.9-billion 2013 municipal budget is up by 2.7 per cent over this year, and calls for a 3.3 per cent average municipal tax increase for residential and non-residential ratepayers in the city.
Would the city like its tax increases stuffed in brown envelopes, one social media pundit asked sarcastically on Twitter while the news conference was still going on in the city’s finance building next door to city hall.
“It’s like Montrealers are paying a mortgage on corruption and it’s scandalous,” opposition Vision Montreal councillor Véronique Fournier later told reporters in reaction to the tax hikes and long-term debt-financing costs contained in the spending plan.
“I think today Montrealers should find the 3.3 per cent increase in taxes indecent because in the past there were no control measures to prevent the situation we find ourselves in.”
If it wasn’t already obvious, it became clear with Tremblay’s budget presentation that at the end of three terms, the legacy of the longest-serving mayor of Montreal since Jean Drapeau will be this: corruption.
Not the conservative banking decisions that brought the city interest savings on more than $1 billion of debt in Tremblay’s first term. Not the long-awaited repair of neglected rotting infrastructure, albeit this carry-over promise from the first term remains far from complete. Not the new bus routes, extended métro hours and added bike paths. And not the vague promise of a tramway someday, maybe, we’ll see.
Tremblay’s legacy will be the very thing that city hall observers have long speculated prompted him to run for a third term in the first place. Since 2009, when corruption allegations began to surface late in his second mandate, Tremblay has sought to cleanse his administration’s image and reinvent himself as a crime fighter.
Yet as Tremblay was reading his budget speech at his news conference on Tuesday, one of his ruling Union Montreal’s former aides was describing in graphic detail to the Charbonneau Commission examining corruption in Quebec’s construction industry how Tremblay had instructed his party’s backroom organizers in his first mandate not to allow a trail of huge illegal campaign contributions to ever lead to him by telling them he “did not need to know about this.”
Tremblay categorically denied the allegations.
The testimony of the former organizer, Martin Dumont, has crushed Tremblay’s credibility, even his ability to table a balanced city budget devoid of frou-frou projects and with only a modest spending increase just above the rate of inflation..
But even the Board of Trade, which has trumpeted the administration’s previous municipal budgets, turned its back on him this time. The group described the 2013 spending plan in a press release as a disappointment to the business community because of the tax hikes, even though it has cheered previous budgets with bigger spending increases and tax hits.
Tremblay ceded only one thing to the opposition at city hall, which openly called his administration “corrupt.”
Vision Montreal has asked for a study of how much the city has lost to the corruption detailed by the city engineers and a former construction company boss who have testified before the Charbonneau Commission.
Tremblay says the studies are finished and will be made public..Casino Night
Saturday, March 3, 2018
St. Patrick Parish Center
More information coming soon
St. Patrick’s Home and School Association (HSA) will hold its Casino Night fundraising night on March 3, 2018.
The revenue generated from this fundraiser will continue to support the technological growth and development of our students and teachers and hands-on STEM activities for junior high students.
If you have any questions, please contact Home and School.
Back to Top Share this page onThis is a list of recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor bestowed by the United States Congress.
Recipients of Continental Congress Gold Medals
Recipients of U.S. Congress Gold Medals
See also
- Congressional Silver Medal
- Awards and decorations of the United States government
Notes
References
Sources
- Office of the Clerk. "Congressional Gold Medal Recipients: (1776 to Present)". United States House of Representatives.Â
- Glassman, Matthew Eric (January 5, 2012). "Congressional Gold Medals, 1776-2012" (PDF). Congressional Research Service.Â
External links
- "THOMAS (Library of Congress)". Library of Congress. Retrieved 2007-04-30.Â Search for bills and laws.Coming out of left field, a report from The Wrap has announced that Marvel has enlisted Taika Waititi to direct Thor: Ragnarok.
Said The Wrap:
Waititi represents a diverse hire for Marvel, as the New Zealand native is half-Maori. He previously directed “What We Do in the Shadows” and the indie comedy “Eagle vs. Shark,” and he also wrote the script for Disney’s animated movie “Moana.”
With having nothing to base an opinion on (as I am unfamiliar with any of his work), I will go into this with an open mind. Even though we are dealing with Norse Mythology and apocalyptic events inside a superhero universe, there’s really no reason to doubt Marvel or their choices in director.
I look to Captain America Winter Soldier as the basis for this stance. I was not in the least familiar with the Russo Brothers before Winter Soldier, and never did I watch Community. To say they delivered is an understatement as Winter Soldier is one of the best Marvel movies out there (and my second favorite all time). If Marvel is saying Waititi is the man for Thor 3 than I say all right.
Judging by his past work, Waititi is up to the task. He is the co-writer and co-director of the vampire spoof What We Do In The Shadows and is the academy award nominated director of the short film Two Cars One Night. Boy, a full length feature film written and directed by Waititi is the highest grossing film in New Zealand to date. Waititi has also directed episodes of the Emmy Nominated Flight of the Concords.
Waititi will be bringing his take to one of the most recognizable and important chapters of the Thor Universe to the screen with ties to Thanos and Infinity War. No small feat.
In a separate report over at THR a list directors who missed out on the gig was revealed:
Waititi’s emergence as the choice caps off a round of intense meetings that took place over the last month. Ruben Fleischer, Rob Letterman, and Rawson Marshall Thurber were the other directors that were finalists for the gig.
As I said, this Waititi must have dazzled the powers that be at Marvel and Disney. Here’s hoping the next Thor movie lives up to the hype and sets the stage perfectly for Avengers Infinity War. It’s an interesting time in the Marvel U for sure.
Thor: Ragnarok comes out July 28th,cheap nfl jerseys I couldn’t bear to be without my fioricet29.03.2014
But everything was more exciting shots during timeouts on the Jumbotron while classic rock bellowed through the JPJ extraordinary sound system were more entertaining than any gimmick contest or stunt performer.
Cheap Jerseys from china „I enjoy being able to back up my team and control the momentum of any game,” said Hennessey. „Any team I’m on always feels like a second family and I think the most amazing feeling is helping out the ones who try the hardest on the ice. Being able to go out there and play the game I have loved since I was little is big for me.”. Cheap Jerseys from china
cheap nfl jerseys I couldn’t bear to be without my fioricet. It’s the only medicine that seems to work for me. If i feel a headache starting, i take 2 tabs and within 20 30 mins, the headache is gone. Everything in South Florida is getting too fucking expensive. True, this place cheap jerseyshas always been wrapped in an haute couture image, the drop top destination for global elites. But Maybach Miami is more mask than reality, and underneath, this region has working class guts. cheap nfl jerseys
wholesale jerseys. wholesale jerseys defence was puzzling, given that Gsellman (3 2) has a torn left rotator cuff and can’t swing..
cheap nfl jerseys nfl jerseys
Cheap Jerseys china Equals trust. 58, has taught special education for the past six years and teaches special education math at Baldwin High School. He said that his job experience has him a clear eyed perspective of Hawaii public education system, as well as issues affecting people with disabilities Cheap Jerseys china.
ilities Cheap Jerseys china.Shopping has been made easier through e-business all around the globe. But since everything is available under one roof that is just a click away from being our property, makes us spend a bit more money than we need to. There are a few ways we can save money while shopping online. Here are a few tips and tricks that I keep in mind while making a purchase online.
1) USE DISCOUNT CODES:
A lot of websites offer monthly, weekly or occasional codes that can be used at the time of checkout to get a discount on your purchase. You can get these discount codes from blogs or the website itself. Or, simply search discount deals in Karachi or any other part of Pakistan to have access to discount codes and sales.
2) USE REWARDS POINTS:
Make sure to have a permanent account on the websites you like to shop, as some websites provide their permanent members with reward points that they can use instead of money accordingly.
3) SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER:
Another great way to save money is to get yourself subscribed to your favorite shopping website’s newsletter. You will automatically receive a mail when there will be a deal or discounts on their products. This way you can shop for your desired items at discounts.
4) SHOP ON SALES:
Online shopping in Karachi and other major cities of Pakistan has now become a norm. People now prefer to even buy their groceries online. A lot of websites offer sales during Eid, Independence day, New year, Mother & Father’s day, etc. Almost everything is on discounted price during that time. Shopping during the sales can help you save heaps of money.
*This post contains affiliate links.
14 thoughts on “Expert Tips for Discount Online Shopping in Karachi”
thnx for shring nice tips, i love thsi watch ❤ but why only in karachi 😦
LikeLiked by 1 person
These tips can be applied when shopping through out the world.
Thanks for sharing. Loved the tips.
LikeLiked by 1 person
❤
Ill surely check that site 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hope you like it 🙂
Discount codes and reward points can help in saving so much money for buying more stuff! 😀 I like the way you have put together this post! ^_^ x
Jadirah Sarmad at Jasmine Catches Butterflies ʚϊɞ
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much ❤ and yes, they sure do 🙂
Thanks for sharing such an informative post 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Glad you found it Informative 🙂
Handy Tips, thanks for sharing. I wish you had added few more links to popular website that are your tried and tested selling various products.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hey dear,
For beauty products you can try for fashion, accessories and technology you can try out and for grocery you can check 🙂
Thank you for the appreciation ❤
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks a lot.
LikeLiked by 1 person
❤
LikeLiked by 1 personJ. Over the past several years, Jumbo has sought for ever greater perfection, emphasized customer service and provided customers the most competitive straw making machines and the service of the most superior quality and fair price.
Jumbo has passed the certification of ISO9001 (since Jan. 15, 2000), ISO 9001:2008, and CE certificate for straw series machine and PVC heat shrink film making machine.
Our customers located in more than 100 countries. Moreover, Jumbo’s agents can be found in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Egypt, Greece, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Russia, Singapore, Thailand, Turkey and so on countries.
As the largest and most advanced PP straw making machine manufacturer, Jumbo will keep seeking for the greatest perfection and the best service for our customers. If you need more information about PP straw making machine series, welcome to visit our website and feel free to contact Jumbo.
JUMBO Steel Machinery Co., Ltd.
No. 4, Road 12, Taichung Industrial Park, Taichung, Taiwan
Tel: 886-4-23590788(Rep)Go to New Version of This Page
This old version has not been updated since 2016,
but we're leaving it in case you prefer it.
Show What's New
Please update your links from the new version.
apprehension
Used in
Oliver Twist
Go to Book Vocabulary
This might lead to his
apprehension
as he passed along the streets.
(not reviewed by editor)
Good-night, good-night!' The violent agitation of the girl, and the
apprehension
of some discovery which would subject her to ill-usage and violence, seemed to determine the gentleman to leave her, as she requested.
(not reviewed by editor)
Oliver sat huddled together, in a corner of the cart; bewildered with alarm and
apprehension
; and figuring strange objects in the gaunt trees, whose branches waved grimly to and fro, as if in some fantastic joy at the desolation of the scene.
(not reviewed by editor)
A moment before, his clenched hands had grasped the air; his eyes had dilated; and his face grown livid with passion; but now, he shrunk into a chair, and, cowering together, trembled with the
apprehension
of having himself disclosed some hidden villainy.
(not reviewed by editor).
(not reviewed by editor)
They were mine, by day and night; and with them, came such a rushing torrent of fears, and
apprehensions
, and selfish regrets, lest you should die, and never know how devotedly I loved you, as almost bore down sense and reason in its course.
(not reviewed by editor)
'I was brought here, by the most dreadful and agonising of all
apprehensions
,' said the young man; 'the fear of losing the one dear being on whom my every wish and hope are fixed.
.If you love suya then you’ll love having it in a wrap and Vlogger Sisi Yemmie shows how to make it in this video.
Watch below
Inspired!
22.02.2016 at By BN TV 8 Comments
If you love suya then you’ll love having it in a wrap and Vlogger Sisi Yemmie shows how to make it in this video.
Watch below
The best Nigerian and African video content from around the web specially curated for YOU!
I”m obsessed with sisi yemi. Thank you, for your monday post. I’m trying this, i feel like i can taste it through the video. Delicious
What is the point of eating all those veggies if you are going to drown them in unhealthy salad cream. Add the wrap and you are looking at a calorific content in the high hundreds.
lmaoooooooooooooo. i wont lie, i winced as i saw her drizzle that mayo or was it salad cream? loool
Replace with tomatoe sauce na
Yummmm mmmmkkmmnñkkñmmkkmkkmnmmkk. I loooovee Shawarma sooo much. I attempted chicken Shawarma the other day.
I wish sisi Yemmie was my wife. Imagine getting to eat all this amazing food all the time?
FFO lol
That one student in class that bring assorted meals, pastries, etc. to class everyday in primary school. I see Sisi Yemmie spoiling her son with orisirisi meals and making other kid jealous.
Thumbs up Yemmie
This looks yummy! But that suya beef has got to be real soft though for me to enjoy it with the sharwama wrap.Identifier
etd-11092007-160127
Degree
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD)
Department
Geography and Anthropology
Document Type
Dissertation
Abstract
Recent research techniques, such as genetic algorithm (GA), Petri net (PN), and cellular automata (CA) have been applied in a number of studies. However, their capability and performance in land-cover land-use (LCLU) classification, change detection, and predictive modeling have not been well understood. This study seeks to address the following questions: 1) How do genetic parameters impact the accuracy of GA-based LCLU classification; 2) How do image parameters impact the accuracy of GA-based LCLU classification; 3) Is GA-based LCLU classification more accurate than the maximum likelihood classifier (MLC), iterative self-organizing data analysis technique (ISODATA), and the hybrid approach; 4) How do genetic parameters impact Petri Net-based LCLU change detection; and 5) How do cellular automata components impact the accuracy of LCLU predictive modeling. The study area, namely the Tickfaw River watershed (711miÂ²), is located in southeast Louisiana and southwest Mississippi. The major datasets include time-series Landsat TM / ETM images and Digital Orthophoto Quarter Quadrangles (DOQQâ€™s). LCLU classification was conducted by using the GA, MLC, ISODATA, and Hybrid approach. The LCLU change was modeled by using genetic PN-based process mining technique. The process models were interpreted and input to a CA for predicting future LCLU. The major findings include: 1) GA-based LCLU classification is more accurate than the traditional approaches; 2) When genetic parameters, image parameters, or CA components are configured improperly, the accuracy of LCLU classification, the coverage of LCLU change process model, and/or the accuracy of LCLU predictive modeling will be low; 3) For GA-based LCLU classification, the recommended configuration of genetic / image parameters is generation 2000-5000, population 1000, crossover rate 69%-99%, mutation rate 0.1%-0.5%, generation gap 25%-50%, data layers 16-20, training / testing data size 10000-20000 / 5000-10000, and spatial resolution 30m-60m; 4) For genetic Petri nets-based LCLU change detection, the recommended configuration of genetic parameters is generation 500, population 300, crossover rate 59%, mutation rate 5%, and elitism rate 4%; and 5) For CA-based LCLU predictive modeling, the recommended configuration of CA components is space 6025 * 12993, state 2, von Neumann neighborhood 3 * 3, time step 2-3 years, and optimized transition rules., Fei, "Land-Cover and Land-Use Study Using Genetic Algorithms, Petri Nets, and Cellular Automata" (2007). LSU Doctoral Dissertations. 2433.
Committee Chair
Nina Lam
Included in
Social and Behavioral Sciences CommonsNow you can post your requirements
And allow photographers to contact you
Now you can post your requirements
And allow photographers to contact you
296 Views
We are a 15 year old professional photography services company, specializing in Fashion & Portfolio, Model Portfolio and Travel photography. We offer products and services such as CD / DVD, Frames, Photobook, Poster, HD Highlights, HD Videos, Coffee Mug, Calendar, Enlargement, Documentary, Lamination, Montage and Shortfilms. We accept customized photography requirements. Our studio is in Mumbai. We cover events in Maharashtra and All Over India. We are comfortable communicating in Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati and English.
Near Shoppers Stop, Tilak Nagar Signal, Amar Mahal Chembur,
Mumbai - 400089,
Maharashtra
Gujarati, Hindi, Marathi, English
If you would like to rate this photographer, please send us a request by submitting your ratings below. Your rating will be published after verification by Canvera team.Rate this PhotographerIn Part 1 of this article I wrote about ways to bring the passion of Fire into your bedroom.
Did you know that Feng Shui’s Water element also creates a loving bedroom atmosphere?
Water is the element of communication and connection, insight and reflection. It keeps your life on an even keel and provides refreshment for your body and spirit, which in turn helps you attract or maintain a healthy relationship.
Here’s how to bring Water into your bedroom without extinguishing the ardor of Fire.
A simple Feng Shui bedroom tip: evoke the flowing nature of Water with a beautiful throw blanket.
This simple idea adds dimension to any bedroom, transforming it from sterile and cool to inviting and intimate.
- It brings the two sides of your bed together to evoke a place where intimacy can happen.
- It creates a “path” that symbolically leads from one side to the bed to the other, making it clear that two people belong in this bed.
- And it adds vitality to your bed, improving Chi balance with color and texture.
This orange throw combines the color of Fire with the flowing nature of Water, and has the additional benefit of making a huge king-sized bed feel a bit more intimate.
This example shows a monochromatic bedroom that’s sensual nonetheless, partly because of a throw blanket that you just want to reach out and touch!
A simple Feng Shui change like this can make a big difference in a bedroom.
However, watch out for this Feng Shui Bedroom No-No:
The water element can bring much needed harmony and flow into a bedroom, but aquariums have exactly the opposite effect.
Aquariums have a life of their own, totally distracting from any possibility of romance. In my client experience, once these noisy, brightly-lit objects are removed to another room, a new sense of serenity comes into the bedroom, making it possible for them to attract the love they’ve been looking for.
I like those bedrooms above, with the images. The style color and arrangements. Feng shui really does help in designing our home and properties.
Thank You this article is so helpful, Another Idea to decorate my bedroomAll parents know that kids love singing and music. Many of us while knocked up put headphones on our swollen guts to expose the new kid to it. BY is currently enjoying a Radiohead concert on Youtube right now. We might Bach the Casbah later. Classical AND punk in the same morning.
Anyway, it’s nice when they’re either in utero or tiny infants, as you are in charge of the radio station. Once they learn to communicate and express their own desires, however, it’s a whole new ballgame. Once upon a time, I opined that Stella would simply grow up listening to the Cure and Beastie Boys, as we were the grown ups, damn it, and that’s what we wanted to hear. Oh, what a foolish, foolish mommy I was.
Once you have a kid, you realize very quickly that you’ll do/play/execute just about anything to keep your kid entertained (or quiet them, if you’re having “a moment”) and enriched. Music is good for little brains, ergo it should be played pretty much on demand. I have to wonder, however, if that theory extends to 2 year olds and their tastes. For example, we’re STILL kind of stuck on Xmas around here. Specifically, Stella will still sometimes launch into a lusty version of “Dingle Balls.” It is getting less frequent. Maybe by March we will have left the holidays behind. I was encouraged when she woke this morning in bed and started singing “I Like Bugs” from Yo Gabba Gabba.
Many of these songs are the kid equivalent of pop standards- Old MacDonald (Ee-ii-ee-uh-oh), Row Row Row the Boat, Twinkle Twinkle. These just never ever seem to grow old. In a fit of desperation for something new, I found a child version of the old “Dry Bones” song, so we spend a lot of time on Youtube watching Dem Bones do the Skeleton Dance. Over and over and over again.
If I had to pick one song that has echoed most frequently through my household lately it would have to be Baa Baa Black Sheep. We are caught in a loop. My kid is obsessed. Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full. My husband is in hell. He says it’s a lot like Xmas when I make him watch the 24 hours of a Christmas Story. Haven’t we seen/heard this bit before? Wait a minute, wasn’t this verse/scene on earlier when we were eating pancakes? I guess the writers and composers of these old little songs must have been like the jingle writers of today. Bastards.
I *love* the sesame street versions of some popular songs (some older too). There’s Jason Mraz, Plain White T’s, Norah Jones, Will.I.Am, Katy Perry… – even some Hootie and the Blowfish and Goo Goo Dolls! Doodle’s and my favorites are the Will.I.Am song and Cookie Monster’s “Share it Maybe.”
And there’s tons of them. Might be a good way to stop that loop a bit. And it’s Sesame Street, even if you are having “a moment” (And I have those hourly, no worries, lady!) and just need to get her to stop effing talking for a moment, you really can’t feel bad about shoving her in front of Sesame Street! 🙂
Right now we’re on “Happy Dirtday” and Gabba’s “All my friends are different but I love them just the same.”Trystan Swale – Lancaster Skeptics in the Pub poster
I have decided that I should start putting out a PDF of the SitP posters as I am going to struggle to print and distribute them for the moment.
I am very much much looking forward to The Questionable Science of Crop Circles with Trystan Swale on Wednesday 14 March, upstairs at The Park Hotel, Lancaster.
Advertisements
No trackbacks yet.Local film company, Back Creek Daddy, filmed 2 interviews with Drogo in 2012.
Here are 2 interviews help explain Drogo’s positions and opinions regarding art, life, and values.
1.
2.
Advertisements
Inverse Appropriation of PowerPosted in Critical Commentary of Civilization, Environmentalism with tags cars, fuel efficient vehicles, transportation on October 5, 2012 by eposognatus
Power output of automobiles has varied over the years, with the earliest cars making around 20HP and going from there. The point here however isn’t how much and when but why. The average passenger car today comes with well over 200 HP. If you look at what you can do with that much power, you really have to start wondering why you need it to drop the kids off at school and pick up groceries.
The above graphic illustrates some popular vehicles and their HP ratings. These were not chosen as extremes, but as well known and commonly-operated models. The Toyota Camry and F-150 are consistently in the top five best selling vehicles in the US, and the D6 and Skyhawk are iconic in their roles.
From Low to High
Caterpillar D6n: 150 HP
Cessna Skyhawk: 180 HP
John Deere 6170r: 200 HP
Toyota Camry: 268 HP
Dodge Grand Caravan: 283 HP
Ford F-150: 360 HP (or more).
3 Comments »: No hydraulics, and no permanent cover attachments. Not for round, octagon, or hexagon shapes. Very similar in form to the plain-aluminum finish Cover Butler brand lifter.
Posted by Amber on 11th Jul 2013
Received my lifter and I must say that Im completely impressed. They wanted close to $300 for this lifter at a local hot tub store. Thanks
Posted by Julie on 12th Jun 2013
I ordered this lifter with my cover and I,m so pleased with everything. Your customer service department was a pleasure to work with.Patents: What You Need to Know
Wednesday, February 5, 2014
AT&T Executive Education and Conference Center
Austin, Texas
3:00-5:00pm Program
5:00-6:00pm Cocktails and Networking
Complimentary • By invitation only
Exclusively for UT faculty and their research teams
UT AUSTIN FACULTY, graduate students, and research staff, are you up-to-date on patenting strategies and the latest developments? Join a team of patent experts to explore these topics: protecting your discoveries, your role in the patent process, real-world examples of how to patent university research, and more. Cocktail hour and networking to follow presentation.
Sponsor:
WBSSC SLST Recruitment 2016: West Bengal School Service Commission (WBSSC) will now start online application for SLST at. Department of school education, West Bengal has published recruitment notification of 16529 Assistant Teachers. Interested and eligible candidates may apply by visiting the official website. The online application of WBSSC SLST 2016 has started from 24th September 2016. I advise all applicants who are going to apply to apply on or before 24th October 2016. Candidates who are searching for teaching jobs in West Bengal have very good option to join as a teacher in Hons/Post Graduate vacancies and Work Education & Physical Education in West Bengal.
West Bengal State Level Selection Test 2016:
West Bengal 1st state level selection test will start soon and last date to fill online application form is 24/10/2016. This is a very good chance for all applicants to get teaching jobs. Check all latest details about West Bengal SSC SLST 2016 here. WBSSC Assistant Teacher vacancy is available for government aided, Sponsored Secondary and higher secondary schools of West Bengal. All recruits will be posted with in west Bengal state. State Level Selection Test will be held for the Appointment of the posts of Assistant Teachers in Secondary or Higher Secondary Schools.
WBSSC Recruitment Details:
- Organization name: West Bengal School Service Commission
- Post name: Assistant Teacher Posts
- Total number of Posts: 18203 Posts
Post Wise Vacancies
- Hons/ PG (PGT/TGT) – 15947 vacancies
- Work Education – 1019 vacancies
- Physical Education – 1237 vacancies
Eligibility Criteria of WBSSC SLST Recruitment:
Educational qualification: Different SLST post needs different degree to apply online application form. Candidates having degree of Gradation, Post graduation, B.Ed and equivalent degree can apply for any of post.
Age Limit: Candidates should be minimum 20 years and maximum 40 years are eligible for WB SSC Assistant Teacher posts. Age relaxation is applicable for reserved category as government rules. Upper age relaxation by 5 years for SC/ST category candidates, 3 years for Other Back Ward Classes candidate sand 8 years for Physical handicapped candidates.
Pay Scale: of Rs. 9300-34,800 with grade pay of Rs.4200/- per month
Selection procedure: Selection of applicants is based on performance in written examination, academic qualification and personal test. Marks distribution of selection procedure is as follows.
- Written Test: 55 marks
- Academic Qualification: 35 marks
- Personality Test: 10 marks
Examination fee:
- General and Other Backward classes candidates: RS.250/-
- SC/ST/PH candidates: Rs.80/-
- Bank Charges: Rs.5/-
Important dates:
- Opening date of application: 24/09/2016
- Last date of application: 24/10/2016
West Bengal SLST online application:
Online application of West Bengal Assistant Teacher 1st state level selection test (SLST) is going to start from 24th September 2016 and ends on 24th October 2016. We advise all to apply before the last date of application. Please keep in that only online mode of application is available no other mode will be accepted.
How to apply online:
- First, visit.
- Download SLST recruitment notification and read before apply online application.
- Please keep scanned copy of all documents, passport size photograph, scanned copy of digital signature before preceding the application.
- Fill the required details and submit them.
SLST Admit card: Admit card will be available 15 days before of the written examination.
Exam date: Available soon
Result date: After examination, we will provide the exact result date of WBSCC SLST 2016.
Post wise recruitment details
Recruitment notification
WB SLST 2016:
WB SLST 2016 is the best chance for all candidates who are waiting for teaching recruitment in West Bengal. Please read official notification before apply online application forms. WBSSC Assistant teacher jobs 2016 are now officially available.Looking for Event Caterers in London? Consider your search is over. Here at Purple Potato Catering we are renowned as bespoke Event Caterers in London. We cater delicious food for any occasion. Like our name, we are a virtuous mix of the unusual, yet down-to-earth, imaginative, contemporary but also reassuringly traditional. Be it your wedding, a private party, dinner for two or a large corporate event, Purple Potato Event Caterers London deliver an exceptional dining experience.
We would love to hear from you so please give us a call or get in touch with us so we can help you with your next event and more. With Purple Potato, entertaining is easier.
From drop-off finger buffets to annual meetings & product launches, Purple Potato make sure your event is run smoothly.Working on-site or at the venue of your choice, we strive to deliver good taste & style to reflect your business values & mission.
Where required we can also reflect your business values & mission with specially designed food, drink, clothing & décor in your corporate colours. As required, relevant lighting, banners, presentation materials & branding can be incorporated.
Small or large, the success of your event is our utmost concern. An event coordinator will work with you to create the perfect menu & take care of all the intricacies of running a successful day.
Your Wedding day is possibly the most important day of your life & it must be perfect! To ensure the greatest attention to detail is provided, our wedding coordinator will work with you to ensure your vision is brought to reality. Essentially, when organising your wedding breakfast, the call to us should be the only phone call you need to make.
Working closely with you , we aim to create a menu that is unique & best reflects your taste & style (of course we offer a food tasting so you can be sure of the quality). Tasty canapés, titillating cocktails, mouth-watering dishes from anywhere in the World-we’ll take care of everything you need to augment your special day.
We can even design a menu matching wines for each course.An occasion such as this requires exquisite food in a perfect atmosphere. If necessary, we can help with dressing the venue of your choice with linens, flowers & other decorations – whatever your imagination aspires to. We can even recommend cake makers & provide entertainers.
From Dinner parties to birthday parties, anniversaries & christenings or a party just for a party, Purple Potato will provide your special event with the flair necessary to ensure a memorable day.Working closely with you, we aim to create a menu that best reflects your tastes & style (we offer a food tasting so you can be sure of the quality & fine tune the menu selections).
If it’s worth celebrating it is an occasion that requires exquisite food in a perfect atmosphere. Where needed we can help with dressing the venue of your choice with linens, flowers & other decorations – whatever your imagination. We can even recommend cake makers, photographers & all kind of entertainers.
Visit our Drinks & Food pages to sample our mouth-watering selection of food & beverages.
With more than a decade of experience in event management & organisation, we can also help find you the ideal venue for your occasion as well as help within lighting & décor to ensure the perfect mood.
Purple Potato is proud to work with a number of the leading venues in London.The over-think tank
Head's gone coocoo
About
Contact me
November 11, 2014
Another day, another (silent) slay
July 9, 2014
July 9, 2014
Just a spoonful of magic (or music)
April 28, 2014
July 7, 2014
Love for them Badasses
February 10, 2014
Her & the Awkward Sex
January 20, 2014
July 7, 2014
What is love?
October 28, 2013
October 25, 2013
Kawaii moves, thanks Japan
September 29, 2013
July 7, 2014
I’d rather not talk about Kevin
September 1, 2013
Five Lessons From Breaking Bad
August 19, 2013
July 7, 2014
If I could rewrite Day of Future Past…
July 30, 2013
July 30, 2013
Seaside contemplations
April 28, 2013
April 28, 2013
Why Twitter Sucks
April 1, 2013
July 7, 2014
Making music mixes
March 19, 2013
July 7, 2014
Audrey Kawasaki’s ‘her’
March 10, 2013
March 10, 2013
I’ll send you a postcard of a painting
February 27, 2013
February 28, 2013
A super short story
February 22, 2013
March 10, 2013
An unexpected walk in the wrong shoes
February 19, 2013
July 7, 2014
You thought you were having a bad day?
February 5, 2013
July 7, 2014
Has the Alt-J bug bit you yet?
January 29, 2013
January 29, 2013
Rape is never asked for
January 24, 2013
January 24, 2013
Am I lazy, useless or just un-inspired?
January 17, 2013
July 7, 2014
Creepiest movie moment of the month
January 10, 2013
January 10, 2013
This Apple has a lot of bite
December 25, 2012
December 25, 2012
For the Fight Club fans
December 18, 2012
July 7, 2014
Too much sunshine will drive you insane
December 16, 2012
January 18, 2013
The Harris Tweed Earworm
December 11, 2012
December 11, 2012
How Zahara showed me I’m a hypocrite
December 7, 2012
July 7, 2014
The coolest music video ever
December 5, 2012
July 7, 2014
Death and vaginas
Posts navigation
Post to
CancelSing a new song to the Lord.
Sing praise to him in the assembly of his faithful people.
2 Let Israel be filled with joy because God is their Maker.
Let the people of Zion be glad because he is their King.
3 Let them praise his name with dancing.
Let them make music to him with harps and tambourines.
4 The Lord takes delight in his people.
He awards with victory those who are humble.
5 Let his faithful people be filled with joy because of that honor.
Let them sing for joy even when they are lying in bed.
6 May they praise God with their mouths.
May they hold in their hands a sword that has two edges.
7 Let them pay the nations back.
Let them punish the people of the earth.
8 Let them put the kings of those nations in chains.
Let them put their nobles in iron chains.
9 Let them carry out God’s sentence against those nations.
This will bring glory to all his faithful people.
Praise the Lord.
Archive.
It sure does make you wonder when you see many of the things that go on today. I think that is one reason why this Presidential election is brewing to be a huge event. Everyone is interested in finding a leader that is going to bring the economy back to its glory days. While no one person can do that, the people want a leader.
A leader is going to delegate, be in service and inspire the people to make those changes. The economy has everything to do with business, and businesses can’t thrive without people having good jobs and being paid well. We all have to work together to make the economy better. We have to learn teamwork again and focus on everyone and not just ourselves.
The corporate world is getting greedy, but socialism isn’t the answer. We all need to fight, not with anger, with inspiration. We need to take action, do our part and also adapt and count our blessings at the same time. It’s always important to remember to count our blessings. We have so much in this country, even when the economy is rough.I had heard Priest before, but the first CD i actually brought was the Essentials one.... Got it for $10, wasn't going to pass up on such variety at that price. It has a good mix of songs, helped guide me as to what albums I should purchase next. Now that i have all of them, I would say that getting a compilation is a great place to start, especially with a band such as Priest due to the varying styles between all their albums. And having such a large back catalogue..... it's gotta be 2 discGo to New Version of This Page
This old version has not been updated since 2016,
but we're leaving it in case you prefer it.
Show What's New
Please update your links from the new version.
insight
Used In
The Giver
Go to Book Vocabulary
Go to Word Detail
It was a lesser job, night-crew nurturing, assigned to those who lacked the interest or skills or
insight
for the more vital jobs of the daytime hours.
p.8.3
There are no more uses of "insight" in the book.
Show samples from other sources
The book is full of
insight
on human nature.
The study offers further
insight
into the Palestinian situation.
Go to more samples
Go to Book Vocabulary
. . . enhancing vocabulary while readingSign up for Thursday’s Cavs game against the Clippers in the atrium from 11 a.m.-1 p.m. on Wednesday and Thursday. $20 deposit required at signups.
The game is at 8 p.m. on Thursday at the Q. Rapid ticket provided on the day of the game.
1 John Carroll Boulevard
University Heights, Ohio 44118
Main (216) 397-1886Admission (216) 397-4294Toll-Free (888) 335-6800I’ve had my eye on bareMinerals’ The Nature of Nudes palette ever since its summer launch but I believe it’s an Ulta online exclusive and their sales are rarely worthwhile to me. I had almost given up on buying this palette and was actually planning on getting the more easily accessible bareMinerals’ Holiday 2016 Wish List palette but, luckily, I spotted this bad boy on a blog sale in almost brand new condition and at a very good price. Of course, I had to snatch it up.
I’m a big fan of the bareMinerals’ READY eyeshadow formula and the cool/neutral colors and the satin/shimmer/mattes in this palette are right up my alley more so than the pinker/redder tones and sparklier shades in the Wish List palette. The Nature of Nudes palette is also a better value. It contains 0.56 oz (0.04 oz x 14 eyeshadows) of product for $42 compared to the Wish List palette which contains 0.48 oz (0.04 oz x 12 eyeshadows) for $45. I may still pick up the Wish List palette if it goes on major discount post-Holiday season but I’ll be okay without it in my life.
The Nature of Nudes palette contains the following)
Libation is not only my all-time favorite bareMinerals eyeshadow but a favorite in general, so I was extremely excited to see it repeated here. I’ve blogged about it before and referred to it as the lovechild of Stila Kitten and Too Faced Birthday Suit. It’s a pinkish greige with a high shine finish. It’s a beautiful all over the lid, eye brightening shade that I personally reach for all the time. I love it!
I haven’t had an opportunity to play with all of the shadows yet but they all swatched really well, especially the shimmery shades. The black isn’t very intense but I rarely ever touch black shadows so it’s no huge loss to me.
Groove Radio
Groove is the sense of some propulsive rhythmic ‘’feel’’ or sense of ‘’swing’’. This music is created by the interaction of the band’s rhythm section with drums, electric and double bass, guitar and keyboards. Groove is a consideration in genres as : funk,salsa,rock and soul. The word ‘’groove’’ is used to describe the aspect of music that let people dance, move or ‘’groove’’.
Musicologists began to analyze this genre of music in the 90’s. They argued that this type of music is an understanding om some rhythmic patterning or ‘’feel’’ and an intuitive sense. This music sets you in motion for dancing or foot-tapping on the part of listeners. The term ‘’groove’’
The genre ‘’groove’’ is also associated with some ‘’funk’’ performers for example Clyde Stubblefield, he is the drummer of James Brown. In the 1950s, when 'funk' and 'funky' were used increasingly as adjectives in the context of soul music the meaning being transformed from the original one of a pungent odor to a re-defined meaning of a strong, distinctive groove
Another popular grove genre is ‘’rare groove’’ this soul or jazz music that is very hard to search. This genre is associated with jazz, funk and pop, but is also connected with genres such as : jazz, Latin jazz, soul and disco music. This kind of music is very popular by collectors and lovers of ‘’groove music’’. Rare groove was founded by DJ Norman from England, he played this music for the first time at the ‘’Original rare groove show’’ on KISS 94 FM, this is a popular radio station in England. This show was a collaboration with DJ Judge Jules and featured a mainly urban soundtrack from the 70s and 80s mixed with early house music. Shortly, the genre ‘’groove’ ’is very wide and hard to describe in one sentence.
Result 0 to 0 of 0 resultsDesafío 30 días abdominales - Tap the pin if you love super heroes too! Cause guess what? you will LOVE these super hero fitness shirts
Get Your Sexiest. Body Ever!…Without crunches, cardio, or ever setting foot in a gym!)Advertisements
Assembly- 09.09.16
On Friday we had an assembly about Zacchaeus. From this story we learned that we shouldn’t hold grudges and that everyone should have a second chance, especially in school. We enjoyed singing about Zacchaeus, especially P1/2.
We had lots of Head Teacher awards and Casey had the honour of being in the Golden Book. The mighty Tarff won the house points.
AdvertisementsManchester United are preparing a £5million bid for Barcelona target Onur Kivrak, according to the London Metro.
The Trabzonspor goalkeeper has been heavily linked with a move away from the Turkish Premier League when the transfer window reopens in January, and is understood to be keen on the idea of moving to England.
Red Devils boss David Moyes is eager to provide competition for current number one David De Gea, amid suggestions that the Spanish stopper's existing understudy wants to leave Old Trafford.
Anders Lindegaard is growing increasingly frustrated at his lack of first-team opportunities, and is ready to quit Manchester United at the turn of the year.
The 25-year-old Turkish international has been identified by Manchester United scouts, and is being lined up for a January transfer, providing fellow suitors Barcelona don't make a rival bid for Kivrak's signature.
Gerardo Martino is also known to be on the lookout for goalkeeping reinforcements, with Victor Valdes set to leave Camp Nou when his contract expires at the end of the season.
Do YOU want to write for GiveMeSport? Get started today by signing-up and submitting an article HERE:
Article CommentsAdjusted Urban Areas, California, 2010
- Author(s)
- Cuellar, Rose and California. Department of Transportation
- Description
- This polygon shapefile represents adjusted urban area boundaries for California derived from the 2010 Census urban area boundaries, the preceding 2000 Caltrans urban area boundaries, and approved district and headquarters urban area adjustments. The three urban area boundaries were merged and smoothed to create the 170 adjusted urban area boundaries for California. This layer is part of a collection of GIS data created by the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans).The 2010 adjusted urban area file represents the current Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) approved Caltrans adjusted urban area boundaries in California.
- Publisher
- California. Department of Transportation
- Place(s)
- California
- Subject(s)
- Metropolitan areas, Cities and towns, Human settlements, Boundaries, and Society
- Year
- 2010
-..Passenger train stoppages suspended in view of Easter travel
Online
Workers at Greece’s national railway service, Trainose, on Monday suspended two three-hour stoppages that would have affected passenger train schedules Tuesday and Wednesday with the aim of facilitating Easter holiday travel.
However, 24-hour rolling strikes by employees in cargo services were expected to continue throughout Holy Week until Easter Sunday, while all of the company’s services are set to come to a halt on Saturday, Sunday and Monday, due to three 24-hour rolling strikes called by unions.
The workers are demanding a new collective labor agreement while also opposing government plans for the company’s privatization. In the meantime, union representatives were seeking a meeting with Transport Minister Michalis Chrysochoidis.From inside the book
10 pages matching Brogues in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 10
What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Common terms and phrases
automatic data processing back orders basis branch merchandise branch orders brand line Bremfort and Carter Brogues budgets carload casuals changes Chapter clerical savings clerks company's conveyor decision determine developed direct customers duction electric accounting machines electronic Exhibit Flexowriter footwear futures orders gamble order home office immediate shipment orders improvements included item-order item-size key punch limited main office main warehouse major product line manufacturers mechanization ment merchandise and production merchandise manager merchandise planning month monthly production number of pairs operations order control department orders and inventories Overshoe partial shipments period personnel planning production preparation private brands problem procedures production manager production orders production planning production scheduling proposed equipment proposed system punched card raw materials requirements reasons records reduction result revised rubber shipped shortages stock available stock release stock-order status study group summary supervisor tabulating room tion top management top management's total number total orders typeschromaticbytes.com
Graphic Arts for OS X
Search
Memberlist
Usergroups
Profile
Log in to check your private messages
Wholesale NFL Jersey
chromaticbytes.com Forum Index
->
New Features
View previous topic
::
View next topic
Author
kaixin123
Joined: 23 Sep 2017
Posts: 373
Posted: Thu Dec 07, 2017 9:47 pm
Post subject: Wholesale NFL Jersey
Start A Better Career By Selling Your Caravan Accessories Online Start A Better Career By Selling Your Caravan Accessories Online July 17
Cheap NCAA Jerseys China
, 2013 | Author: Joan Rivera | Posted in Internet Business Online
In order to make a profit selling accessories online, you obviously need to sell accessories for more money than want you paid for. This means you need to put to use great marketing tools that will help you to sell during prime time. To learn some of the inside tricks on making a profit from selling accessories online check out this publication.
Have a telephone number for your company. While most of your communication will most likely be through e-mail, you may also have to make telephone calls from time to time. Having a separate telephone number for your business will look professional and will eliminate inconvenience of making and getting business calls from your personal telephone.
Tablets and smart phone users are starting to make up a huge segment of online shopping customers. By using devices like these customers are able to spontaneously shop no matter where they are which is why it’s imperative your website is optimized for these portable devices.
Education is a valuable avenue to invest in when trying to learn about the online industry. Short term courses and internships are available
Cheap NCAA Jerseys Wholesale
, and can help you learn how other businesses generate sales and achieve success.
When it comes to the holiday season, do some research to find out what gifts are most popular. Once you know what is in demand makes sure your store is well stocked with those accessories. This will put you at an advantage. You need to plan on selling more accessories than normal during the holiday season. Customers purchase more during the holidays than any other time of year. Your store needs to be prepared and have plenty of accessories in stock to keep customers happy.
Never underestimate the power of social media. By taking advantage of all that social media offers to your brand you can quickly grow your business with limited funds. By getting customers to become your fans and subscribers you can easily keep them informed of all you have to offer..
If you set up a separate inbox with customer inquiries you will be able to answer them in an orderly fashion quickly. This way you can quickly browse your customer only emails and answer them, and keep your other business inquiries separate.
Forming allies in the same business circle as you is a great way to learn from eachother as well as rely on eachother for mutual support. This alliance can only help your business not hurt it.
Just go to any large search engine and look for caravan awnings if you need more useful suggestions about caravaning products.
The most lovable sports of India are the cricket. People here are crazy about the world cup matches and now they are eagerly waiting for the cricket world cup 2011. The ICC world cup 2011 is the tournament where 14 teams will be competing for one cup. This 2011 world cup will be counted as the tenth cricket world cup and will be organized by south Asian test cricket playing countries.
The schedule for 2011 world cup will be held between February and the early April 2011. The first match is to be played on 19th February 2011 between India and Bangladesh at Sher-E-Bangla national stadium in Mirapur.
ICC cricket world cup is the official site for the 2011 cricket world cup. Here ICC stands for International Cricket Council who organizes the matches which are to be played. The cricket format is one-Day International. The hosts of this match are three countries those are India
Cheap NCAA Jerseys Sale
, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. The fourteen national cricket teams (from 104 entrants)
2. Pakistan
3. New Zealand
4. Sri Lanka
5. Zimbabwe
6. Canada
7. Kenya
Group B will be consisting of the following teams:-
1. India
2. South Africa
3. England
4. West indies
5. Bangladesh
6. Ireland
7. Netherland
The schedule for the matches or the cricket world cup dates by ICC is declared as:-
Match no.
Date
Teams
Venue
1.
19 Feb
India vs. Bangladesh
Dhaka
2.
20 Feb.
New Zealand vs. Kenya
Chennai
3.
20 .
Wholesale NFL Jerseys
Wholesale Jerseys
Cheap Jerseys China
Cheap Jerseys China
Cheap Jerseys From China
Cheap Jerseys China
Wholesale Jerseys China
Wholesale Jerseys Free Shipping
Cheap Jerseys From China
Cheap NFL Jerseys
Back to top
Display posts from previous:
All Posts
1 Day
7 Days
2 Weeks
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
Oldest First
Newest First
chromaticbytes.com Forum Index
->
New Features
All times are GMT - 5 Hours
Page
1
of
1
Select a forum
ZeusDraw
----------------
Support
New Features
Shades
----------------
Shades
ZeusDraw Mobile
----------------
ZeusDraw Mobile
Orfeo
----------------
Orfeo
You
cannot
post new topics in this forum
You
cannot
reply to topics in this forum
You
cannot
edit your posts in this forum
You
cannot
delete your posts in this forum
You
cannot
vote in polls in this forum
Chromatic Bytes Home
phpBB
© 2001, 2005 phpBB GroupSeptember 11, 2017
SELECTMEN MEETING AGENDA
CALL TO ORDER
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
6:00 pm 1. Acceptance/Correction of minutes: 8/28/17 public and non-public minutes
6:05 pm 2. Announcements
6:10 pm 3. Public Comment
6:15 pm 4. Bruno Teixeira, 74 Henry Bridge Road – ROW encumbrance request, block wall
6:20 pm 5. RSA 79-E (Community Revitalization Tax Incentive) vote for 15 Factory Street
6:30 pm 6. FY 2018 Department Head Budget Presentations – Town budget overview, Police Budget, Administration
7:30 pm 7. Fire Chief – NH Trauma Systems conference request, landscaping donation Station 18, Swiftwater team deployment update
7:40 pm 8. DPW Director – Main Street update, street furniture RFP results
7:45 pm 9. Town Administrator’s Report
7:55 pm 10. Selectmen Discussion
8:00 pm 11. Public Comment
8:05 pm 12. Non-Public Session RSA 91-A:3 II .I’ve got used to telling people that my book’s coming out next year. Only now it’s this year. I’m excited and nervous in equal measure. Little snippets are starting to appear, like here:
Where the fab book blogger Simon Savidge picks ‘Mr R’ as one of his books to watch in 2010…
I’m also speaking at my first event – Jewish Book Week on the 2nd of March. So, do come along. It’s my very first Mr R talk, so I might be rather nervous…
It’s quite strange, as we get closer to the release of Mr R, I am busily writing Fred. In fact, I’m hurtling towards the end. I’ve enjoyed writing her so much that part of me really doesn’t want to finish. But, I know it’s alright. It will only be the first draft and I’ll have Mr S’s notes and then agent Stan’s and then Jocasta’s. So, Fred and I will spend a lot more time together yet. But this is a good thing – I really don’t get tired of the stories or the characters. I’m looking forward to seeing Jack and Sadie once again. Only this time, they won’t just be mine, but will belong to other readers too.
6 responses to “I think it’s starting…”
Awww thanks for the kind words Natasha. I have Mr R on the TBR already but am waiting until closer to the release dates before I start reading! I always imagine this time must be exciting and daunting all in one for authors! Looking forward to reading more about this journey with you on here!
Great post and, of course, when might we be able to find the book on our shelves in US? Reading your blog very much has enticed me to check out your book- and not just wait for it to be in my library!
Best,
Kimberly
Thanks Kimberly. The book will be out in the US in the middle of June… It’s published by Reagan Arthur Books for Little, Brown.
Thanks for visiting my blog!
And thank you for the mention, Simon. I’m excited. It’s a strange feeling when people (apart from my mum) start to read Mr R. The characters take on another life and I don’t feel that they just belong to me anymore. I guess this is how parents’ feel when their kids start school…
I can sense your excitement as you write. Congratulations. And having been following your blog for some time I can’t wait to read it!
Thanks Kate – and it will be so nice to actually meet you in March.Evolution is an inevitable part of any business. If a business failed to evolve then it will start to die. This fact is as well very important in the technology scene. Making some waves at times can get you where you wanted. Take for instance the KIRAbook from Toshiba. This laptop has just been updated last year and it may not be very long ago but then the company set another update to conquer the market better.
KIRAbook is a known name in Japan and one way to make this status last is by upgrading some bits on the hardware. To start with, the new KIRAbook boast an upgraded high-performance, fifth-generation Intel Core i7 processor. As with the former KIRAbook generation, this generation of will arrive with a PixelPure LED backlit Touchscreen display with 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution.
Most often, with power and graphics like this, people use this machine to edit videos and photos. The very detailed display is such a great tool when doing such jobs. For this reason, Toshiba will throw in a full version of Adobe Photoshop Elements 12 with KIRAbook. This makes it a very capable machine right out of the box. This ultrabook will come with 256GB Solid State Drive coupled with 8GB of RAM. It will come with HDMI and will feature 4K Ultra HD output.
As this will target the premium market, this laptop will come with AZ91 magnesium alloy enclosure making it elegant inside and out. Overall, this is a machine that features perfect union of elegant design and meticulous craftsmanship. Topped with high-level performance, this machine might just answer all your cravings.China Unicom Mobile Phone Provider
China Unicoms services including nationwide GSM and CDMA mobile networks, long-distance, local calling, data communication, Internet services and IP telephony in mainland China, and has operates a CDMA network in Macau. China Unicom has over 125 million GSM subscribers and 43 million CDMA subscribers. As of November 2008 the CDMA operations have been moved to China Telecom. China Unicom is ranked as the world’s third-biggest mobile provider. On 7 January, 2009, China Unicom was awarded WCDMA license to expand its business to 3G telecommunication. In July 2009, China Unicom signed a deal with infrastructure vendor Ericsson to upgrade the company’s GSM network.
Value-added Services
China Mobile offers SMS, CRBT (Color Ring Back Tone), Ruyi mailbox, MMS, caller ID, call forwarding, call waiting, call hold, multi-party calls, voice mail and many other value-added services.
China Unicom Mobile Coverage
Click here to view a map of China Unicoms mobile cell phone coverage area
Recharge Your China Mobile SIM
There are multiple options for recharging your China Unicom phone online. Here are a few options that we recomend.
Refillchinasim
China Mobile Phones
iPhone on China Unicom
China Unicom offers the iPhone on its network..
New package for U-Power, 10 YUAN with 130 short messages
To meet differentiated customer needs, Unicom Beijing will present a new 10 YUAN STM package for U-Power subscribers with following details:
1. Short Text Message (STM) Package
Note:
New subscribers who has not selected STM package, the RMB 15/month package will be deem the default package from the second month. For any change thereof, please call 1013089 or apply at Unicom stores in Beijing. Changes will take effectiveness from the coming month.
For subscribers who selects free-in, then STM will be charged at RMB 0.10 each for within Unicom and RMB 0.15 each for outside Unicom. For subscribers who do not select free-in service, STM will be charged RMB 0.10 each either within or outside Unicom.
2. Free-in calls
Note: for subsribers who selects free-in, then local calls will be charged at RMB 0.25/min for call out and RMB 0.10/min for call-in.
3. Family Roaming Package
Subscribers may set one province beyond Beijing (but not including HK, Macau and Taiwan) to which they frequently call as their ˉFamily Provinceˇ:
DDD RMB 0.21/min: for DDD to ˉfamily provinceˇ, local call + DDD (excluding special numbers).
Domestic roaming RMB 0.43/min: for roaming in ˉfamily provinceˇ, roaming + DDD (excluding special numbers).
Application: edit ˉQQS +district code or province name〃 and send to 1065581234, for instance, edit ¨QQS0531〃 or ¨QQSshandong〃 (both for Shandong province). Charge for ˉfamily roaming packageˇ is RMB 5.00/month, and RMB 3.00/month right now under promotion. Application takes effect in following month, and so does any cancellation.
4. Roaming in Hong Kong
Subscribers of U-Power, old or new, may have roaming service in Hong Kong without application.
U-Power subscribers soming service in Hong Kong without request.
Easy to dial, without changing SIM card!
Close service, for any communication problem, you may call 10010 to check
Cheap charges, without daily or monthly rental. See following for details:
China Unicom Customer Service Locations
There are many locations that you can receive service for your China Unicom cell phone service. Click here to view that available locations »
if i usually have incoming call from aboard ,what package or product do you think it ‘s suitable for me?
Dear Manager
I have one mobile sim (mobile number 13022001854) of your company china Unicom.
But very sorry t inform you that after recharge it’s not working
Please check and do the needful.
Thanks & Regards,
Mobile no 13022001854
Since Unicom, has been awarded the Apple I-Phone and Apple I-Pad contract.
Will they be selling Apple Apps. on their newly developed application website?
We see this as a huge market for them, with their current subscriber base, this could be quite profitble for them..possilbe overtaking the number 1 position in the mobile market in China.. Apps equal more trend buyers of the I-phone and I-pad…
dear manager i have mobile no 131 68308527 just yesterday
recharge 300 IDD to call outside china but after 5mn calling ,the
balance is 7rmb. i need help. best regards
Dear! I am in Guangzhou China this time and have my sim also. Please help me out. Thanks
I have China Unicon sim card, recently I when to overseas, how to use international sms to China. Means to sms using China Unicon sim card from overseas to sms China mobile phones. Any international code?
My mobile no. Is 13045436150 i bought this sim card 7 months ago in 100RMB and now balance is finsh so how much RMB recharge i doYour shopping cart is empty!
Tags: DRIP TAPE 250 MICRON / 16 mm Size
The entire row will become wet. Laying length is restricted to 20 meters only.
DRIP TAPE 250 MICRON / 16 mm Size
Water flows like a jet instead of drop by drop as seen in the photoDrip lateral tape is a seamless tubeManufactured from special grade virgin poly ethylene mixtureFlexible tape makes it convenient for coiling and recoilingRecommended for closely spaced cropsSuitable for above ground laying.Normally the drip tape is flat and becomes round shape when water flows through the tube.Wall thickness – 250 micron ie 10 milDrip holes are formed in the tape with spacing of 45 cm, 60 cm etcOperating pressure is maximum of 1 kg/cm2Outer Diameter – 14.6 mm. All 16 mm lateral fittings can be used.Custom order of any thickness, any size and any hole spacing is possible.
SPECIFICATIONS
Wall Thickness - 250 Micron
Size - 16 mm Water Discharge - 9 lphOperating Pressure - 1 Kg/cm2Laying length - 20 meters Packing Quantity - 1000 MetersRoll Size - 300 x 250 mmGross Weight - 11 Kg (Approx.)
PACKING INFORMATION
Single Roll Size - 25 cm Dia / 31 cm Ht.Single Roll Weight - 11 KgMaster Packing - 2 RollsMaster Packing Size - LxWxH- 53 x 26 x 33 cmMaster Packing Gross Weight - 23 Kg.Type of Packing - Carton BoxPART NUMBER
Without any drip holes - 1001Drip Hole Spacing - 45 cm - 1002Drip Hole Spacing - 60 cm - 1003Drip Hole Spacing - 75 cm - 1004Drip Hole Spacing - 90 cm - 1005Drip Irrigation Kit uses DRIP TAPE 250 / 16 mm / 45 cm. Drip Kit is available for different areas.
Straight Connector / 16 mm Lock is used as joiner for Drip Tape 16 mm if there is any damage in the drip tape......
End copy / 16 mm is used along with DRIP TAPE 250 / 16 mm as end cap......
..... KI.....Clarett indicted on five additional charges
The ex-football hero goes to trial Sept. 18 in a Jan. 1 robbery case.
COLUMBUS (AP) -- Maurice Clarett was indicted today on new charges related to a highway chase and violent struggle with police.
Clarett, whom police said was found with four loaded guns in his SUV, was indicted on five charges that include carrying a concealed weapon and two counts of failure to comply with an order from a police officer. He will be arraigned Monday.
Clarett, of Youngstown, Sept. 18 on charges accusing him of robbing two people of a cell phone outside a bar early New Year's Day.
Clarett, who led Ohio State to the 2002 national championship, will be arraigned on the five new charges Monday.
The indictment also includes charges of improper handling of a firearm and one count of using a gun while under indictment on the New Year's Day robbery.
Police used pepper spray to finally gain control of and handcuff Clarett. They said that he kicked the doors of the police vehicle and that they had to put a cloth mask over his mouth because he was spitting at them.
Clarett is being held in the Franklin County jail.
Other details
At the time of his arrest, he was driving a few blocks from the home of a woman who authorities said was scheduled to testify against him in the robbery trial.
Clarett has undergone a mental health examination since his arrest.
His defense attorneys in both cases, Michael Hoague and Nick Mango, did not return messages seeking comment. The county prosecutor and the lead prosecutor in the case also did not return calls.
Clarett's attorneys requested a public survey to determine if their client could get a fair trial in the county where he once starred on the field, but that request was denied Wednesday by Common Pleas Judge David W. Fais.
He was arrested early this year on the robbery charges, about the time that Ohio State was putting the finishing touches on a 34-20 victory over Notre Dame in the Fiesta Bowl.
Don't Miss a Story
Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox.Paving Description
With each piece double sided and containing several blocks, Old Town is the quick and convenient way to build a wall. Old Town has been designed to match and co-ordinate with its paving counterpart and can be used to create single skin walling, step risers, piers and planters. When using a 10mm joint each pack contains enough walling blocks to cover 5.70m2.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet, would you like to submit yours? Wednesday launched a new website aimed at improving access to information that can help healthcare professionals determine which drugs are most likely to work to treat bacterial or fungal infections.
The website is part of an effort mandated by the 21st Century Cures Act to combat rising antimicrobial resistance by providing a central, easily accessible and up-to-date repository for antimicrobial susceptibility interpretive criteria, also known as antimicrobial "breakpoints."
Antimicrobial susceptibility testing is performed to discover whether certain bacteria or fungi will be susceptible to particular drugs. In the past, susceptibility test interpretive criteria have been listed in the microbiology section of the labeling for individual drugs.
Due in increasing levels of antimicrobial resistance, FDA says that in vitro susceptibility test methods and the interpretive criteria for those tests must be reviewed and updated on a regular basis to stay relevant.
"Under the old approach, it took too long to update each individual drug's labeling with information needed for susceptibility testing and it was clear a more centralized approach was needed," said FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb. These delays also impacted diagnostic test makers, who had to wait for revised drug labeling to be approved before they could update the labeling for their corresponding tests.
Cures also authorizes FDA to recognize susceptibility test interpretive criteria developed by third-party standards development organizations and requires the agency to update the website every six months to reflect newly recognized interpretive criteria or to withdraw recognition from outdated criteria.
FDA says these changes will allow it to update breakpoints for multiple drugs with the same active ingredient more quickly than in the past, and says that drugmakers will no longer need to continuously update their labeling to reflect new breakpoint information. Instead, FDA says drugmakers will need to update their labeling to direct healthcare professionals to the susceptibility test interpretive criteria website to find the most up-to-date information about a particular drug.
Alongside the launch of the new website, FDA has issued a new guidance detailing how drugmakers should update their labeling to reflect the new breakpoint website.
Statement
Guidance
FDA-Recognized Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria Website
Categories: Drugs, In vitro diagnostics, Labeling, News, US, FDA
Tags: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Interpretive Test Criteria, Breakpoint, 21st Century Curesxml banner rotator slideshow gallery
User ratings for xml banner rotator slideshow gallery.
Description
Flash version: 8, ActionScript 2.0.
AutoPlay XML Banner - Rotator - XML Image Gallery - XML Slideshow
Features
========
> Auto Play [ can be ON/OFF by default ] option in XML file.
>, auto play, slide, show, slideshow, shahab, khan, tabaheee
Keywords: xml image gallery banner rotator resizeable auto play slide show slideshow shahab khan tabaheeeThe Roundup for May 27th, 2015
International Politics
Overall
– The United Nations passed a resolution condemning attacks against journalists
– Fourteen people, including nine FIFA executives, were arrested by authorities in Switzerland after an indictment by the U.S.; Dave Zirin writes more here
– Sepp Blatter: We welcome an investigation by U.S. officials into FIFA
– UEFA, the European section of soccer, said FIFA elections should be postponed
– Talks between P5+1 and Iran may go beyond the June 30 deadline, an Iranian official said
– One French official said, if Iran refused to open its military sites, the deal should be called off
Middle East
– Islamic State militants launched suicide attacks against Iraqi forces in the Anbar province and 17 soldiers died
– At least 80 people were killed in Yemen due to Saudi-led airstrikes
– A United Nations official said the rise of executions in Saudi Arabia was troubling
– Tony Blair will no longer be an envoy for peace in the Middle East; A position he relinquished after supporting the Iraq War
– At a trial of a Washington Post journalist in Iraq, a letter sent by Jason Rezaian to President Barack Obama was referred to in court
Africa
– What do John Kerry, Tony Blair, Francois Hollande and David Cameron all share in common? They support the Egyptian military government
Europe
– The European Commission said member states should accept more than 40,000 refugees from Syria and Eritrea for the next two years
– Refugees in Germany are mobilizing together to ensure they are not kicked out or ostracized
– Academics studying Syrian refugees in Turkey must get government approval first
Latin America, Caribbean and Canada
– Lawmakers in Peru voted against legislation allowing abortion for women raped
– A journalist in Brazil who denounced drug dealers and traffickers was murdered
– The opposition in Venezuela is divided on what to do going forward
Surveillance Planet
– Officials at the Internal Revenue Service believe Russian hackers to be the ones who took personal information from taxpayers
– Very strange the government is struggling to deal with breaches
– Attorney General Loretta Lynch: I am worried about encryption as it hurts law enforcement investigations
– The FBI is very worried about losing its surveillance tools
Financial Matters
– A new survey found the higher one’s income is, the more likely they say trade agreements benefit them and the country
– Do banks worry about felonies? Short answer: No. Long answer: Nope.
– Former State Department officials support passage of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Definitely not because they work at companies set to benefit.
Labor’s a-Brewing
– Behind the creation of Ben and Jerry’s ice cream are stories of worker exploitation and abuse
Politics US
Washington USA
– Jason Leopold: “The State Department Will Start Releasing Hillary Clinton’s Emails June 30”
– U.S. officials say sympathizers for the Islamic State are threatening airlines
– Oops. The Pentagon accidentally shipped anthrax to laboratories in the U.S.
– A lobbyist pushing for TSA body scanners is now in control of what the TSA spends on; My guess is less body scanners
– Lawrence Wilkerson: “The Taliban in Our Midst”
– Lots of money by corporations went to Senators to support TPP; I wonder why…
– Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT): Hillary Clinton needs to take a stand on TPP now
– U.S. customs is sure interested in learning whether any Muslim-American coming to the U.S. is connected to any martyrs
– Chelsea Manning: “The years since I was jailed for releasing the ‘war diaries’ have been a rollercoaster”
– Rick Santorum joins the fun as he announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential election
– Hillary Clinton said the middle class must mean something again
– Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY): Republican hawks led to the rise of ISIS
Anytown USA
– In 2011, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker (R) created an agency to make jobs for state residents. Recently, he was removed from his position due to corruption
– Nebraska abolished the death penalty after lawmakers voted to do so
– The creation of ghettos were no accident. Rather, it was deliberate decision to create them
– Police departments across the U.S. obtain their funding from different resources. For example, debtor prisons
– Two former Chicago Police Department officers took a photo with a black man as if they just hunted him like deer. More can be found here
– We can take a page out of Malcolm X’s book in terms of activism when dealing with the issue of affordable and fair housing
We Don’t Need No Education
– Penn State University suspended a fraternity after the release of photos featuring naked, unconscious women
Health, Hunger and Homelessness
– A new study warned more than five espressos worth of caffeine may damage one’s health
– Gallup: While the lowest obesity rate can be found in Hawaii, the highest can be found in Mississippi
– A top psychiatrist exposed for his faulty research is now waging a personal campaign against the journalist who reported on such research
– There is a major health crisis in China threatening the entire population: mental illness
– The Food and Agricultural Organization believe it is possible to eradicate world hunger in a generation
– A Government Accountability Office report warned the federal government is ill-equipped to deal with a contagious outbreak on poultry and livestock farms
– A new study found it is definitely helpful to get tested for HIV early
The Second Sex
– Jessica Valenti: “Sexists are scared of Mad Max because it is a call to dismantle patriarchies”
Planet Earth
– There might be new explosions in the future at Fukushima and that is definitely not good
– Actually, the drought affecting those out west is more man-made than of nature
– Lawmakers in charge of environmental issues in Congress do not think more anti-pollution laws are necessary
– Desalination might be the way to deal with the world’s growing demand for fresh water
– Shareholders of ExxonMobil and Chevron rejected resolutions regarding reducing carbon emissions and climate change
Mixed Bag
– The Onion: “FIFA Frantically Announces 2015 Summer World Cup In United States”
– Josh Duggar, a child molester currently in the news, sued the Arkansas Department of Human Services in 2007 after the latter discovered the former was a child molester
– Breeding dogs is not only wrong, but hurts the dog population in general
Break Time
– Superhero [Faith No More]
- bsbafflesbrains
- Alice XThe kids are asleep, lulled by my voice reading C. S. Lewis. It is so satisfying to read these books to them, the first chapter books I remember my dad reading to my sister and me when we were just a little younger than my kids are now. After they fell asleep I got up to write a couple e-mails and finish my beer, listening to my music – the “Mellow” mix – and realized that the music was hitting a psychic spot that needed it badly, so I left the music on and caught up on blogs a bit. I needed this. I should do this more often.
Advertisements
November 7, 2015 at 11:23 pm |
I’m always so glad to read a post from you. I just caught up on your previous one. It seems like you need to be in a place you love like Albania to really feel at home. I long for. Place like that. I think Chicago and the lake is pretty fine but our community and quSliry of life is lacking. I feel you. Hugs!
November 18, 2015 at 1:37 pm |
Love CS Lewis! We just finished listening to the BBC dramatized version of The Chronicles of Narnia, how did I not love these books as a child. AB named her dolls Lucy, Susan, Edmond, and Peter the first time we read them.
I hope you are doing better now!The MEI 6331 A/C Condenser features a tube-fin type condenser unit that has 21 1/8" height, 31 3/8" length and 3/8" width. It also has #8 MIO inlet and #6 MIO outlet with male insert O-ring fitting style and R12/R134a refrigerant type. This unit is designed for Mack trucks applications; fittings comes out on the passenger side.
PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS:
- MEI Part No.: 6331
- Alliance: 306902
- CoolStar: 400-2428
- Kysor: 1515018
- Mack: 210RD428
- Truck Air: 04-1218
- OEM Number: 210RD428
- Red Dot Part No.: 77R7715
- Red Dot Factory Part No.: RD-4-6414-0P
- Description: A/C Condenser
- Application: Mack Trucks
- Height: 21 1/8"
- Length: 31 3/8"
- Width: 3/8"
- Inlet: #8 MIO
- Outlet: #6 MIO
- Type: Tube-Fin
- Fitting Style: Male Insert O-ring
- Refrigerant Type: R12/R134a
- O-Ring #1: 0013
- O-Ring #2: 0011
- Note: (Passenger Side) MACK OE# 210RD428Craftsmanship at its best, suitable for a Mechanical Mod.
Product Package:
(Batteries Not Included)We have provided links below to club members who have websites. (Please note this is not a complete listing of our club members.)
Caledon Kennels
Bellebrae Shelties
Bojangles Shelties
IvanLee Shelties
RavenWyn Shelties
Serenity’s Shelties
Sirrics Shetland Sheepdogs
Wintercreek Shelties
If you are a current PNWSSC club member and would like your website listed, please contact us so that we can add you to our list.
AdvertisementsHear, hear! Here’s to unique, creative, artistic people! Wow, I guess the part about decorating your home seems obvious but now I think about it, the rest make perfect sense too, even the way you love someone.
I guess we were brought up thinking that art is only paintings and it has subtly been expanded to encompass many things, even graffiti. Andy Warhol comes to mind in this regard.
So why are all these other things considered art by this unknown author? (I found this on Pinterest). They seem to be talking about style but I agree that style is art. And everyone has their own style. Style is neither good nor bad.
If we agree that you each have a certain style and that what you are creating is art, what then makes us stylish and creative? It’s those million and one little decisions we have to make each day, even about what to put on our grocery list. Each decision is a personal choice, an expression of who we are. We are creating our world every second. We are creating art.
I think this is a great way to look at the mundane and not so mundane in our lives. It’s a way to see things differently; to appreciate ourselves more. We are out there, we are doing this, it’s not a rehearsal. If we can appreciate as we go about our day that we are putting ourselves out there, taking risks and creating something unique to us, that tells the world about us, we may grow a little in confidence.
And if you’ve gone one step further and created a blog, showcasing in essence who you are, then there is no doubt you’re an artist. Congratulations!Hi, I just got a 71 k5 Blazer. It's got a rebuilt 327 small block. I just have some generic questions like: 1. What's the difference between a body lift and a suspension lift? 2. The front leaf springs arch downward like /\ and the back arch the oposite way like this: \/. The front of the truck feels really stiff. Are the front leaf springs bad? 3. The inside floor of the truck right above the transfer case is really hot after driving a bit. It's really hot to the touch. Is that normal? Thanks, Brian2017 Toyota Tacoma
TRD Sport Double Cab 5' Bed V6 4x4 Automatic Truck
About This Toyota
2017 Toyota Tacoma
TRD Sport Double Cab 5' Bed V6 4x4 Automatic Truck
18
23
Vehicle OverviewTRD SPORT with Graphite w/Gun Metal Cloth
- HD Radio
- Navigation System
- Reverse Camera
- Satellite Radio
- Touch Screen
- Voice Control
- Voice Control
- ,, Color-Keyed Overfenders, Power door mirrors, Rear step bumper, Turn signal indicator mirrors, Auto-Dimming Inside Rear-View Mirror w/Compass, Auto-dimming Rear-View mirror, Compass, Driver door bin, Front reading lights, Illuminated entry, Outside temperature display, Overhead console, Telescoping steering wheel, Fabric Seat Trim (FD), Front Bucket Seats, Front Center Armrest, Split folding rear seat, Passenger door bin, Axle Ratio: 3.91.Attorney succeeded in persuading the Third Circuit to affirm the decision of the District Court, to deny the plaintiff's motion for F
Attorney succeeded in persuading the Third Circuit to affirm the decision of the District Court, to deny the plaintiff's motion for F.R.Civ.P. 60(b) relief from a judgment. In response to the plaintiff's complaint, the attorney filed a timely motion to dismiss. When plaintiff failed to file a response to the motion when due, the District Court granted the motion as uncontested and dismissed plaintiff's complaint. Five months later, plaintiff filed a motion for relief under Rule 60, claiming excusable neglect and extraordinary circumstances. The essence of plaintiff's motion was that its outside counsel had misled it by promising to answer the motion to dismiss, and by sending a draft of the motion, along with assurances that the dismissal was a mistake, which would be rectified. In his successful opposition to the plaintiff's Rule 60 motion, the attorney pointed out that there was no excusable neglect or extraordinary circumstances, since plaintiff's in-house counsel knew of the dismissal at least four months before hiring new counsel to seek relief from the dismissal, and persuaded the District Court to find that plaintiff had no satisfied the criteria governing relief under Rule 60. On appeal, The attorney responded to the plaintiff's attacks against the District Court 's decision by persuading the Court of Appeals that, for several reasons supported by the record and the applicable case law, the District Court had not abused its discretion in denying Rule 60 relief.ALS Research Forum e-Newsletter Vol. 170 April 11, 2017
Visit the
ALS Research Forum
to read the complete stories featured in this e-newsletter. Friends and colleagues can sign up for the newsletter
here
and
Twitter
for the latest updates.
Research News
Neurotrophic Factors in ALS: a Winning Combination?
Researchers first turned to neurotrophic factors (NTFs) as a potential treatment strategy for ALS in the early 1990s in hopes to shield motor neurons from destruction. But the clinical translation of these approaches has proved challenging. Now, a new study suggests that multiple factors may be needed to provide the most therapeutic benefit. The study, led by
Georg Haase
at the Aix-Marseille University in France, found that NTFs promote the survival of distinct classes of motor neurons in the lumbar spinal cord. The findings suggest that a combination of these neuroprotective substances may be needed to protect motor neurons affected by the disease.
The study appeared on March 16 in the
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
.
our feature
to learn more the study, including its implications for the design and delivery of potential neuroprotective ALS therapies.
A New SARM1s Race in ALS Begins
The axon executioner SARM1 is an enzyme and therefore potentially druggable according to a new study published in March 16 in
Neuron
. The study, led by Washington University St Louis'
Jeffrey Milbrandt
in Missouri, found that SARM1 catalyzed the cleavage of NAD+, a key cofactor needed for ATP synthesis. Milbrandt's team previously demonstrated that SARM1 triggered axon degeneration by depleting its energy by reducing the availability of NAD+. The findings build on studies in 2012 led by
Marc Freeman
at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester which found that injured axons self destruct through a SARM1-mediated mechanism.
Read more
to learn about SARM1 and its potential role in ALS.
Profilin May Act Up at Neuromuscular Junctions In ALS
About 1-3% of cases of familial ALS are due to mutations in profilin, a key regulator of actin dynamics. How changes in the axonal cytoskeleton could contribute to ALS, however, remains unclear. Now,
John Landers
and colleagues at the University of Massachusetts in Worcester report that profilin may help keep muscle fibers and motor neurons connected by promoting the remodeling of neuromuscular junctions. The findings add to growing evidence that a reduction in axonal actin dynamics may contribute to ALS, including the most common form of the disease. The study is published on April 3 in
Human Molecular Genetics
.
Poly Dipeptide in Cerebrospinal Fluid Marks C9ORF72 Expansion Carriers
An emerging biomarker may facilitate the development of potential therapies for C9orf72 ALS, according to a new study led by Mayo Clinic's
Leonard Petrucelli
in Florida. The study found that patient-derived motor neurons pre-treated with C9orf72 repeat RNA-targeted antisense oligonucleotides (ASOs) exhibited a dose-dependent drop in levels of the C9orf72 dipeptide repeat protein polyGP. What's more, the researchers saw a similar dose-dependent decrease in the C9orf72 ASO-treated brain of a mouse model of the disease. The approach is based on an antibody-based "sandwich" assay previously developed by the Petrucelli lab that rapidly detects polyGP in the CSF. The strategy may help scientists evaluate potential therapies for C9orf72 ALS in the clinic by enabling the monitoring of target engagement. The study is published on March 29 in
Science Translational Medicine
.
Read more
about polyGP, including its potential to evaluate emerging therapies including ASOs approaching the clinic.
Clinicians C Potential in the Emerging ALS Prognostic Biomarker CRP
The inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein (CRP) may help inform the outcomes high progression rate. The approach, which involves a standard blood test which checks for inflammation, may also facilitate the evaluation of potential therapies for ALS by enabling the stratification of patients in clinical trials.
Read more
about CRP, including its potential to identify "responders" to anti-inflammatory therapies being evaluated in the clinic including NP001.
Can Immune Gene Expression Predict Pace of Motor Neuron Destruction?
Biomarkers are desperately needed to expedite the diagnosis and inform the prognosis of ALS. But how to prioritize the potential candidates identified to evaluate in the clinic has proved challenging. Now, using an unbiased data-driven approach that combines genomics with ALS pathology,
Johnathan Cooper-Knock
and colleagues at the University of Sheffield in England report that CSF soluble TREM2 may be a potential biomarker of ALS progression. Soluble TREM2, which is produced in microglia and may instigate inflammation, is also emerging as an early biomarker of Alzheimer's Disease. The study is published on March 16 in
Acta Neuropathologica Communications
.
our website
to read more of the latest research advances in ALS.
Funding Opportunities:
The Judith and Jean Pape Adams Charitable Foundation is now accepting applications from US universities to support ALS research. Check out
their website
for details.
April 2017
Diagnostic Characterization of Rare Diseases.
European Commission (Horizon 2020).
Application due: April 11, 2017.
Postdoctoral Scholars 2017.
Weston Brain Institute. FTD.
Application due: April 11, 2017.
ALS Canada Trainee Program.
Clinical, Postdoctoral and Graduate Fellowships.
LOI: April 14, 2017.
UK: Novel Biomarkers 2017.
FTD. Weston Brain Institute.
LOI: April 19, 2017.
Identify and Characterize Potential Environmental Risk Factors for ALS and Evaluate Their Impact on ALS Disease Incidence and Progression.
Note the submission date has changed. Applications are due by April 21, 2017.
Clinical Management Grant.
ALS Association. Includes funding support for new endpoints in ALS clinical trials. Study outline: April 22, 2017.
PhD studentships.
Motor Neurone Disease Association.
Application due by April 28, 2017.
May 2017
Bioengineering Research Partnerships.
NINDS. Application due by May 18, 2017.
TREAT ALS.
Preclinical assessment of potential ALS therapeutics. The ALS Association. LOI due by May 23, 2017.
June 2017
MDA Venture Philanthropy Program.
Muscular Dystrophy Association. LOI due by June 1, 2017.
ALS Canada Project Grant Program.
Includes former ALS Discovery, Bridge and Clinical Management grant programs. Application due by June 2, 2017.
updated list
of grants and awards.
Job Opportunities:
Physician Scientist, Tenure Track.
Temple University. Philadelphia, PA.
Postdoctoral Fellow, Talbot Lab.
University of Oxford. Oxford, England.
Postdoctoral Fellow, Sajjadi Lab.
University of California, San Francisco.
Research Specialist, ALS and FTD.
University of Pennsylvania. Philadelphia, PA
Research Associate II, Neurodegenerative Diseases.
University of California, Los Angeles.
Research Associate I/II, Lutz Group.
Jackson Labs. Bar Harbor, ME.
Research Associate, FTD.
University of California, San Francisco.
.
Senior Scientist, Neuroinflammation.
Merck. Boston, MA
Research Scientist, Novartis.
Cambridge, MA.
Scientist, Neuroscience.
Genentech. San Francisco, CA.
Senior Associate Scientist
, Amgen. Cambridge, MA.
Senior Associate Scientist
, Yumanity Therapeutics. Cambridge, MA.
Research Associate
, Nuredis. Menlo Park, CA
Hiring someone onto your team? Contact us to add your listing to
our updated job board
:
ALSjobs@prize4life.org
.
Full List of Job Opportunities >>
Upcoming Meetings:
Registration opens this week for
SfN 2017
in Washington, D.C. Abstracts will begin to be accepted on April 13. Abstracts due: May 4.
April 2017
April 22-28, 2017. Boston, MA.
AAN 2017.
May 2017
May 2-3, 2017. Leuven, Belgium.
Phase Transitions in Biology and Disease.
Early registration (extended): April 21, 2017.
May 11-13, 2017. Bonn, Germany.
5th Venusberg Meeting on Neuroinflammation.
May 18-20, 2017. Ljubljana, Slovenia.
ENCALS 2017.
May 22-24, 2017. Barcelona, Spain.
Annual World Congress on NeuroTalk.
"New Technologies, New Ideas and New Future."
June 2017
June 14-17, 2017. EMBL Heidelberg, Germany.
EMBO-EMBL Symposium: Mechanisms of Neurodegeneration.
Registration deadline: May 3, 2017.
June 19-23, 2017. Keystone, Colorado.
Keystone Symposium: Neuroinflammation: Concepts, Characteristics, Consequences.
Early registration: April 19, 2017.
June 26-27, 2017.
Buckinghamshire, England.
Meeting the Challenges of Modelling Neurodegenerative Disease in Mice.
Organizing an ALS meeting? Contact us to add your conference to
our updated calendar
:
ALSmeetings@prize4life.org
.
Full List of Upcoming Meetings>>
Download the Working with ALS Mice Manual Here
STAY CONNECTED:“That is a very good phone.”
When Xiaomi’s Hugo Barra says that about a device, you would expect it to refer to one of his own company’s phones, or perhaps one of the high-profile Androids in tech town. But nay, the device he was referring to was from the company that many of his brethren consider THE enemy.
It was an iPhone 6 Plus.
The iPhone vs Android relationship has been at best a rocky one. Rare is the week that passes without a member of either camp taking a poke at the other in the form of an article, meme or social networking post. And indeed, a staple feature of most Android flagship presentations is an assault on the Cupertino product. Be it Honor, Xiaomi, Samsung or Gionee, this year has seen almost every Android manufacturer spend a good deal of time running down the iPhone and showing how their product is superior in their presentations.
And yet, we suspect that beneath all that aggression is something that is more respect than derision. When we were talking with Gionee India’s head, Arvind Vohra, about his company’s new device, the Elife S7, we asked him why he compared the device to the iPhone 6. His answer was fairly direct. “Mere bhai, aur koi phone hai compare karne layak?” (“Friend, is there any other phone worth comparing ourselves with?”), he asked with a smile. And then shook his head as if in answer to his own question. “You can make fun of them if you want and call them expensive,” he continued. “But the fact is that if there is one phone that everyone knows about, it is the iPhone. It is the phone that everyone knows and most people want. Of course, we will compare ourselves against that – they are supposed to have the best camera, the best apps, the best UI…Anything lesser would not do us credit.”
A similar question was posed by our colleague Sandeep Budki of The Mobile Indian, during the briefing of the recently launched Xiaomi Mi4i. As Hugo Barra was taking apart the Mi4i, Sandeep asked him if it was necessary to compare Xiaomi’s new device with the iPhone 6.
Barra paused his dismantling of the phone, and answered, “Well, that is the benchmark, isn’t it? No, we are not saying that the iPhone is the best, but there is no doubting that for many people, it is the best phone in the world.” And as he resumed taking the Mi4i apart (he removed fourteen screws in all – yes, I counted), he added, “Whether people like it or not, the fact is that the iPhone is THE phone for many people all over the world. The iPhone is the benchmark. We try to match it and also beat it. There is no glory in defeating someone who is considered inferior, is there?”
No, we do not see the potshots at the iPhone stopping. And I bet that every presentation or conference featuring a flagship Android will contain some reference to the iPhone. But it does seem that after years of bitterness, it would seem that Android manufacturers are now beginning to regard the iPhone more as an adversary than an enemy. And their attitude can be best summed up by slightly paraphrasing one of the famous “Celebrate Humanity” advertisements of the Olympic Games:
“You are my adversary,
You are not my enemy.
Your hardware gives me strength,
Your UI gives me courage,
Your apps ennobles me.
And though I aim to defeat you,
Should I succeed,
I will not humiliate you.
Instead, I will honor you.
For without you,
I am a lesser phone.”
And incidentally, after he called the iPhone 6 Plus a “very good phone,” Barra held up his Mi 4 at me and added with a cheeky grin, “But this one is better.”
The Android-iPhone rivalry is alive and well. But there is a new element to it.
Respect.
Review
byTweet
Eldon Germannon 30 April 2013
Please log in to add your comment.
Transcript of Macbeth
Macbeth Plot Act Setting Act I Act II Act III Act IV Act V Characters Macbeth Lady Macbeth Duncan Malcolm Donalbain MacDuff Lennox Ross Banquo Fleance Themes and Symbols The Corrupting Power of Unchecked Ambition The Relationship between Cruelty and Masculinity The Difference between Kingship and Tyranny Blood The Weather Nature Manhood Darkness Sleep Birds Important Lines Study GuideFull transcriptIsland Outpost Appoints New Managers Of Pink Sands On Harbour Island, The Bahamas
Island Outpost is pleased to announce the appointment of Nancy and Clemens von Merveldt as general managers of Pink Sands on Harbour Island, Bahamas.
Having spent many years in both the restaurant and hotel business in the South of France, Middle East and most recently, the island of Lamu off the Kenyan coast, Nancy and Clemens bring an abundance of knowledge and experience to their new position, and island living will be no hardship.
We hope you take the time to visit them as old friends or make their acquaintance and become new ones!
Situated on 18 acres overlooking the most beautiful stretch of pink sand beach in the Bahamas, Pink Sands offers 25 cottages in a serene environment.
——-
ADVERTISEMENTat the last few post.....
naw ms...ugk all day though n*gga...we ride dirty down here in mississippi too boy
and dawg your name is sweet as f**k....sounds like a f**king mango candy or something
why u worried bout my name so much??? heres how sweet this name is
next timee come with somethin harder u bird... ohh u from mississippi...
yo sn should be Fat Azz n*gga... fattest state in america.... the logo should be a burger.
^^ay how i did u ealier you dont even have my permission to laugh in threads that i posted in boy
yea u talk big s**t behind your computer.....let me catch you in jackson, ms popping off at the mouth like that....and what happen to u earlier on the game n*gga...i wreck alot of n*ggas 2day...good thing u werent online to get wrecked too :greetings10:
you actually go outside and walk?????? amazing.
you better not have a headset either.. i know u got grease in your vocal chords.
How can n*ggas defend this f**king game
TOM BRADY THROWING TO A f**kING LINEMAN INSTEAD OF MOSS???
f**kin all madden
f**k you EA
so i just sent in my 360 to be fixed and havent gotten a chance to play online, can someone school me on what teams most people are playin with / any cheesers I should be worried about
90 percent chance hes' runnin out of the wildcat. I always all out blitz as soon as i see the formation. Aint many players that can throw out of the wildcat on the run besides vick. And even hes' interception prone.
nah don't use zone blitz to stop the run i think most the zone blitzes your ends drop back into a zone while your backers are blitzing. that s**t works well against an inaccurate quarterback when the got 3 wide cause you can force a hurried throw and pick that s**t. but i wouldn't recommend zone blitz on wildcat
i just beat the clothes off of of Tansta!!!!!!!!! that n*gga game is weak as f**k!! his record is good...he won over a 100 and lost around 50..but that dont mean a damn thang.....i jumped off on that 17-0 1st quater....then took it easy and let him came back to make it a 7 point game...then i swack his a.ss in the 4th....moss was the mvp....straight s**tting on him!!!!!!! this was moss reaction after the end of the game yall!!
[pic - click to view]
you the man!!
but like i said, you still fat tho.
no doubt it was still a good game.. at least i got a into off moss... hahaSo I have to share this story because it is too sweet and so indicative of what a genuinely good person my 15 year old nephew is. This is the kid, who when asked what he wanted for Christmas 2 years ago, said to buy a needy person a coat instead of a present for him. This is the kid who put on his Christmas wish list this year a cat bed so his cat would have some place warm to sleep. His kindness just makes me believe that there is so much good still left in the world.
Anyhow, I was taking him home from his volunteering program the other night and he told me he wants to get a job to help raise money for his college fund. Mind you, the child’s parents both work for a university and his tuition will be taken care of but he wants to contribute nonetheless. During my studies in Psychology, I remembered that teenagers who have jobs during their high school year generally suffer in the classroom so I was pretty vehemently telling him he should focus on his studies instead but I could tell he was worried as is his nature.
Last year, he designed me a phone stand out of the hundreds of Legos he still has but no longer plays with. Every time someone walks past my desk and sees my phone, they ask me “Are those Legos?”I’ve since had him make two more for colleagues who had previously borrowed the stand to conduct Skype interviews so I figured why not use a little synergy: raise some money for the boy and provide people with the cool stands. I told my nephew I would market his design on my Etsy story and give him 75% of the profit (basically I am just covering my Etsy fees and shipping fees.) Check out the design below:
So if you would like to help a young boy raise some money for his college and get a cool phone stand that your co-workers will covet, you can purchase them at my Etsy store here. It will make my Christmas even if we only sell one!
Thanks!Doors » Wooden TILT AND SLIDE WOODEN DOOR (PSK) Timber Tilt and Slide Terrace Doors are another elegant solution for your home. This system allows large areas (up to 8 meters in width and 2,5 meters in height) of glass to be easily opened, whilst not cluttering your room with large inward/outward opening doors. This product can be fitted with three heat saving panels of glass ensuring excellent conservation of heat and reduction in energy costs *All doors could be wrought with aluminium.Parma Shutters Technologies (Business Opportunities, Construction, D.I.Y & Home Hardware) unique functionality, look, and the strong, sturdy Louvers of the Parma Tilt & Stack™ system make it a very attractive product for architectural and engineering systems.
How it works
Parma’s unique and patented mechanism consists of screw bars on both sides of the opening. Traveling nuts are mounted on the screw bars and are in turn mounted to the louvers or bars that will close the opening. The rotation of the screw bars moves the louvers up to open, and down to close the opening.
Applications
Parma’s system can support a large variety of applications, from glass louvers to Hurricane shutters. The louver can be installed in various orientations – horizontally as a shutter, vertically for balcony enclosures or mounted as a roof element in a pergola or lanai.
Business Details
- Name
- Parma Shutters Technologies
- Address
- 1 Gan Hashomeron, Gan Hashomeron 3882500, Israel
- Phone
- +972-77-4500284
- Mobile
- +972-54-3191199
-
- tal@parmashutters.com
- Website
-
- Contact Person
- Tal Padan (CEO)Having stamped concrete overlays have many benefits. Among the many benefits is the fact that you do not have to completely replace the floor which can become a very pricey option. Concrete stamp overlay is when your existing floor gets completely resurfaced to get rid of any visible damage before having a stamp design added with a color of your choosing. Stamped concrete overlay is the best option for home owners hoping to get the look of granite, marble, and slate. Stamped concrete overlays are well known to be more durable and can withstand high traffic area as well as harsh weather.
The Benefits Of Stamped Concrete Overlays Speak For Themselves
Stamped concrete overlay uses a special polymer which is an engineered product considered to be stronger than concrete. It only takes a very small coat of this substance to create a strong layer of protection that is actually superior to normal concrete! Taking this into account, you can see why Concrete Overlay is considered to be very inexpensive and seals your existing concrete floor which gives it the durability that you desire with the minimal maintenance requirement as a perk. Also, using this option for your concrete flooring is an option that is even more flexible than traditional stamped concrete with its wide variety of applications as well as the color schemes available when choosing to use this option for your floor. It’s a Win/Win!
For more information regarding our Stamped Concrete Overlays, please click here.
If you would like to see a gallery of our most recent stamped concrete overlays, please click here.
Stamped concrete is used when concrete is poured for new construction of driveways, sidewalks, patios, pool decks, basements and retail venues. Special polymer concrete sealants are being used. Thank you for sharing this.
There are so many benefits to stamped concrete driveways! I think they add so much aesthetic appeal to your home, which in turn will increase value. If done properly they also look much more organic, which is perfect for some homes. I would love to be able to get a design and stain my concrete to look like some of the pictures you have here.
I absolutely love the look of the stamped concrete overlay in the above photo. I would definitely love to have a patio like that in my backyard. However, I had no idea that stamped concrete was more durable and stronger than normal concrete. Does this mean that stamped concrete will never crack?Lose Weight: Eat Healthy Food and Exercise
It’s probably crossed all of our minds at one point or another, and perhaps we’ve even attempted it: completely cutting out our favorite indulgences from our diet. No looking at, buying, or eating the foods we absolutely love and crave. But has that worked for you, or even for others who have tried this way to weight loss? Maybe it has, and maybe you’re still going. The problem is, it won’t stick. At one point or another, your extreme restriction (yes, it is extreme) will come back to haunt you. It may even undo all the hard work you’ve done to shed a few pounds. How is that possible you ask? I’ve completely avoided desserts and fast food for three months, but the one day that I was out on a road trip, I overloaded on both!!! It’s really quite simple…
Self-control and deprivation: two concepts that nag at all of us when we try to lose weight. They are also the key to the puzzle of restriction. You see, Social Psychologists have suggested that we have a limited capacity for self-control. Once we’ve reached the limit, it becomes harder for us to exercise self-control. It is, as it seems, a limited psychological resource. Deprivation, on the other hand, pushes us to ignore our own rules of self-control & has us doing things we did not necessarily expect. When we’ve been deprived of something we “love” for long enough, we may overreact when exposed to it once again.
Restriction of food by avoiding certain ones, either for the self or for others, triggers both self-control and deprivation issues. It may work short-term, cutting out the delicious foods that make it hard to lose weight, but it is not a solution. Whether you’re trying to lose weight or trying to keep your family from gaining weight, the key is to master self-control and to eat everything in moderation.
When it comes to your personal goals, building self-control takes time and should be done gradually. My weakness is anything sweet. I absolutely love desserts and could eat some every day. When I noticed my weight climbing, I realized that eating dessert every day was no longer an option. My initial reaction was to cut myself off from dessert completely. It worked for a few months, and then I went on vacation. Dessert was everywhere and, because I had not learned self-control, I found myself eating a great deal too much dessert. The result? The needle went back up on the scale, and I had to start all over again.
This time, I decided to try eating dessert in moderation. I allowed myself dessert every once in a while. It was hard at first, because I was used to eating some whenever the chance presented itself. Within a month, however, it became much easier. Dessert became just another food group that was a part of my diet. Sometimes, I would prefer to eat a piece of chocolate every day instead of dessert at the end of the week. It gave me a sense of sweet tooth satisfaction, but did not hurt my weight goals.
The walk-away lesson is this: Learning self-control is possible. Once you put your mind to it, you can start pushing yourself gradually towards your ultimate goal of control. Just keep in mind that you have to be patient and persistent. Self-control is a powerful thing, and takes effort to attain. Be sure, however far you go with your control, that you do not overdo it and end up at the opposite extreme of obsessive eating and calculation!
When it comes to your kids, self-control over eating is very important. They are still young, and are still in the process of learning how to navigate the world. If they seem to enjoy junk food too much, do not resort to restriction. Research has shown that there exists a correlation between restriction and overweight/obesity. It also suggests that parental control of eating can lead to the development of eating disorders. Can you avoid pushing your kids in either direction? Yes!
Just as you’ve taught yourself self-control and have avoided complete deprivation, so too teach your children. Show and present them with the right portion sizes. (Ask your weight loss coach about them!) Make junk food an occasional treat and always pack them nutritious and delicious lunches. Be flexible! If your kid really wants an ice cream bar on a day when you’ve got fruit salad for dessert, give it to him. You can use this moment to teach him about balance and trade-offs in eating.
More important than these suggestions is the focus on teaching your kids how to make healthy choices on their own. The best way to do that? Modeling. Be a good example and they will follow suit. Don’t be too restrictive in your eating and they will learn that you can enjoy all types of foods. Make healthy food fun and enjoyable and they will learn to love it. Make good health your motivator and your kids will realize that their eating is important for their health. If you have picky kids, show them how you’ve overcome some picky choices of your own.
There are a myriad of ways in which parents can teach their children how to eat and choose healthy. Restriction is not one of them. Doing this right, both for yourself and for them, takes a gradual yet steady process. Learning self-control may be hard for all of you, but it can be done one tiny step at a time. And always remember that your ultimate goal is to live a life of moderation. Eating everything under the sun without hurting yourself!.
The results spoke for themselves. The average per cap during the 2016 season was $3.63 for our Concessions operation (not including Beer or Vendor sales). The previous per cap high for North Texas Concessions came in 2014 at $3.09, yielding a 17.5% increase when compared with the 2016 season. With the positive Customer feedback, increased revenue and observed sales trends, the North Texas Athletics administration wanted to see further menu growth.
To that end, they invested a significant amount of capital into our Concessions Operation for the 2017 Football season. In addition to the new items sold during the 2016 season, we were able to add fryers to six of our ten Concession Stands, as well as new Condiment Carts throughout the concourse. The fryers now allow us to add Waffle Fries to our menu lineup. We also are able to offer Chicken Tenders to the fans, which I knew would be a huge upgrade.
While the Condiment carts do not translate to direct sales growth, they greatly enhanced the food experience for our fans. Instead of only having Ketchup, Mustard, Relish, and Jalapenos available, fans can now dress up their Burgers, Chicken Strips, and Hickory Smoked Sausages with Diced Onions, Salsa, Ranch, Honey Mustard and Sriracha Sauce.
The feedback from fans and sales growth has been exceptional. Our Concessions Operation per cap for the 2017 Season is over $4.00, and Chicken Strips w/ Waffle Fries has moved into the #2 selling Entree at UNT football games, right behind Hot Dogs. However, the mix of sales between our Specialty Items (Cheeseburgers, variety of Sausages, Philly Cheesesteaks, Grilled Chicken Sandwiches, Brisket Sliders and our new “The Wrecker” Sandwich) has been interesting to analyze. We have sold 63% MORE Specialty Items than actual Hot Dogs this year. In 2016, we sold 47% more Specialty items than actual Hot Dogs. In 2015, Specialty Items sold were actually less than the total number of Hot Dogs sold.
To summarize, the investment in new equipment and menu expansion has significantly enhanced our food service capabilities, revenue and the Customer Experience. Fan feedback has been overwhelmingly positive and our per caps have never been higher. While Concessions will always be about the staple items, strategically adding variety and options to your menu lineup can grow your business.TA-SD10 Alaska | Yukon Self Drive Tours | 14-Day Alaska Yukon Tour
Travel Alaska: Glacier Bay, Denali and Kluane Nat'l Park Sightseeing Tour
Day 1: Whitehorse
Day 2: Whitehorse - Skagway | White Pass & Yukon Railroad Tour
Bus transfer from Whitehorse to Carcross. Continue your journey with the famous White Pass and Yukon Railroad to Skagway. Built in 1898 during the great Klondike Gold Rush, the narrow gauge railroad is an International Historic Civil Engineering Landmark, a designation only shared with the Panama Canal, the Eiffel Tower and the Statue of Liberty. Building the railroad was considered an impossible task but it was literally blasted through the coastal mountains in only 26 months. This $10 million project was the product of British financing, American engineering and Canadian contracting. Tens of thousands of men and roughly 450 tons of explosives overcame harsh and challenging climate and geography to create "the railway built of gold". The White Pass and Yukon Railroad entire project was completed with the driving of the golden spike on July 29, 1900 at Carcross, Yukon - connecting the deep water port of Skagway, Alaska with the city of Whitehorse, Yukon and beyond to northwestern Canada and the interior of Alaska. The White Pass and Yukon Route became a fully integrated transportation company operating docks, trains, stagecoaches, sleighs, buses, paddlewheelers, trucks, ships, airplanes, hotels and pipelines. It provided the essential infrastructure servicing the freight and passenger requirements of the Yukon's population and mining industry. In 1982 the railroad suspended it's operations when the Yukon's mining industry collapsed due to the very low mineral prices. It was then reopened again in 1988 as a seasonal tourism operation serving about 37,000 passengers per season. Today, trips onbord the railroad are extremely popular and over 300,000 cruise ship passengers are using the train from May to September. Enjoy the ride ! Overnight: Skagway
Day 3:. Overnight: Skagway
Day 4: Skagway - Juneau
Day 5: Juneau - Glacier Bay National Park
Day 6: Glacier Bay National Park
Day 7: Glacier Bay National Park - Haines - Kluane National Park
Day 8: (5959 m/19.545 ft), Canada's highest peak. Overnight: Haines Junction
Day 9: Kluane National Park -. Overnight: Tok
Day 10: Tok - Denali Highway - Denali.) The Denali Highway has great scenery, ORV and mountain biking trails, fishing, hunting, good: Denali National Park
Day 11: 12: 13: Talkeetna - Anchorage
Return to Anchorage with an optional side trip tp Palmer and the farm filled Matanuska Valley - a dairy and agricultural center of Alaska - or to Hatcher Pass with the Independence Gold Mine Historic Park. Upon returning to Anchorage, drop off your car. End of tour. (Distance 110 Miles) Overnight: Anchorage
Day 14: Anchorage
End of tour or individual tour extensions availableSo I have been doing a little looking around and research about Cheyenne Wyoming and it turns out they have this yearly even called FRONTIER DAYS and its THE LARGEST OUTDOOR RODEO AND WESTERN CELEBRATION! And you can imagine my surprise when I saw the bill of who's going to be playing at said LARGEST OUTDOOR RODEO AND WESTERN CELEBRATION??
It does not get any better than BON JOVI & DEF LEPPARD? Ok So check out this bill I do thinks I am going needs me some cowboy boots for this celebration!! YEEEHAAAAWWW
4 comments:
Bon Jovi is my favorite group ever. I've seen them a couple of times and they are great - in case you've never seen them.
That is a bit interesting that they have those two bands playing there, but it's good for you!
You'll have to post pictures from the rodeo and all.
You lucky bitch! I love me some Bon Jovi!! and Def Leppard!! Oh, you lucky ass bitch!
Ah, Bon Jovi... That was the concert in which I smuggled in my telephoto lens on the side of my bra and was picked to get frisked! Talk about a pre-concert rush! Fortunately for me the dude didn't do a very good job and I got it in and got a pic or two even being in the nosebleed section.
Like I said before, PURPLE cowboy boots! Someone, somewhere has to make them in that color.Chic and contemporary. Or lush and luxuriant. Striking and original small garden designs
SMALL GARDENS
Regardless of constraints, we can craft a delightfully distinctive small garden to make your home complete. You may want an easy-going outdoor space for drinking and dining. Or perhaps a calming private haven, safe from the stresses of the city.
Whatever it is you want, we will design an idyllic outdoor space that will artfully reflect your taste, your temperament, and your style. A true source of pleasure for many years to come.
Small Garden Design Services Surrey
You may not have a large outdoor plot, but small gardens can be just as beautiful.
Courtyards and town gardens, outside rooms with limited space… …with a creative design, each can be transformed to spend endless time in with practical enjoyment…Behind the Blue Line: Investigating Police Officers’ Attitudes Toward Rape
Abstract.
KeywordsPolice officers Rape myths Attitudes toward rape
References
- Abbey A, Harnish RJ (1995) Perceptions of sexual intent: The role of gender, alcohol consumption, and rape supportive attitudes. Sex Roles 32:297–313CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Bart PB (1979) Rape as a paradigm of sexism in society: Victimization and its discontents. Women's Stud Int Q 2:347–357CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Bradley D, Walker N, Wilkie R (1986) Managing the police: law, organisation and democracy. Wheatsheaf, Brighton, UKGoogle Scholar
- Brown JM, Campbell EA (1994) Stress and policing: sources and strategies. John Wiley, ChichesterGoogle Scholar
- Brown J, King J (1998) Gender differences in police officers attitudes towards rape: Results of an exploratory study. Psychol. Crime Law 4:265–279Google Scholar
- Burt MR (1980) Cultural myths and support for rape. J Pers Soc Psychol 38:217–230PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Callan H (1989) Cultural factors in occupational stress. In Brown JM, Forde P (eds) Sources of non-traumatic stress in the police service. London: Police Requirements Support Unit, Home OfficeGoogle Scholar
- Campbell R (1995) The role of work experience and individual beliefs in police officers’ perceptions of date rape: An integration of quantitative and qualitative methods. Am J Community Psychol 23(2):249–277PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Campbell R, Johnson CR (1997) Police officers’ perceptions of rape: Is there consistency between state law and individual beliefs? J Interpers Violence 12(2):255–274CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Carter DL, Sapp AD (1990) Higher education as a policy alternative to reduce police liability. Police Liabil Rev 2:1–3Google Scholar
- Cohen B, Chaiken JM (1972) Police background characteristics and performance. Rand Institute, New YorkGoogle Scholar
- Connell RW (1987) Gender and power. Polity, CambridgeGoogle Scholar
- Connell RW (1995) Masculinities. University of California Press, Los AngelesGoogle Scholar
- Connell RW (2002) Gender (Short Introductions). Polity Press, Cambridge, UKGoogle Scholar
- Daum J, Johns C (1994) Police work from a woman’s perspective. The Police Chief 61:46–69Google Scholar
- Feldman-Summers S, Palmer GC (1980) Rape as viewed by judges, prosecutors, and police officers. Crim Justice Behav 7(1):19–40CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Field HS (1978) Attitudes toward rape: A comparative analysis of police, rapists, crisis counselors, and citizens. J Pers Soc Psychol 36(2):156–179CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Fielding N (1994) Cop canteen culture. In Newburn TA, Stanko EA (eds) Just boys doing business? men, masculinities and crime. Routledge, LondonGoogle Scholar
- Frewin K, Tuffin K (1998) Police status, conformity and internal pressure: A discursive analysis of police culture. Discourse Soc 9(2):173–185CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Galton ER (1975) Police processing of rape complaints: A case study. Am J Crim Law 4(1):15–30Google Scholar
- Gottesman ST (1977) Police attitudes toward rape before and after a training program. J Psychiatr Nurs Ment Health Serv 15:14–18PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Hazelwood RR, Burgess AW (eds) (1995) Practical Aspects of Rape Investigation: A Multidisciplinary Approach, 2nd ed. CRC Press, New YorkGoogle Scholar
- Herbert S (1997) Policing space: territoriality and the Los Angeles police department. University of Minnesota Press, Minneapolis, MNGoogle Scholar
- Herbert S (1998) Police subculture reconsidered. Criminology 36(2):343–369CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Holdaway S (1983) Inside the British Police: a force at work. Basil Blackwell, OxfordGoogle Scholar
- Johnson BE, Kuck DL, Schander PR (1997) Rape myth acceptance and sociodemographic characteristics: A multisimensional analysis. Sex Roles 36(11/12):693–707CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Kopper BA (1996) Gender, gender identity, rape myth acceptance, and time of initial resistance on the perception of acquaintance rape blame and avoidability. Sex Roles 34(1/2):81–93CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Krimmel JT (1996) The performance of college-educated police: A study of self-rated police performance measures. Am J Police 15:85–96CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- LaFree GD (1989) Rape and criminal justice: the social construction of sexual assault. Wadsworth Publishing, Belmont, CAGoogle Scholar
- LeDoux JC, Hazelwood RR (1985) Police attitudes and beliefs toward rape. J Police Sci Adm 13(3):211–220Google Scholar
- Lersch KM, Kunzman LL (2001) Misconduct allegations and higher education in a southern sheriff’s department. Am J Crim Justice 25(2):161–172CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Lonsway KA, Welch S, Fitzgerald LF (2001) Police training in sexual assault response: Process, outcomes, and elements of change. Crim Justice Behav 28(6):695–730CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Martin S (1989) Women in policing: The eighties and beyond. In Kenney D (ed.) Police and policing contemporary issues. Praeger, New YorkGoogle Scholar
- McNamara RP (1999) The socialization of the police. In Kenney DJ, McNamara RP (eds.) Police and policing: contemporary issues, 2nd ed. Praeger, Westport, CTGoogle Scholar
- Messerschmidt JW (2000) Nine lives: adolescent masculinities, the body, and violence. Westview Press, Boulder, COGoogle Scholar
- Mori L, Bernat JA, Glenn PA, Selle LL, Zarate MG (1995) Attitudes toward rape: Gender and ethnic differences across Asian and Caucasian college students. Sex Roles 32(7/8):457–467CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Mottaz C (1983) Alienation among police officers. J Police Sci Adm 11:23–30Google Scholar
- Muram D, Hellman R, Cassinello B (1995) Prevalence of negative attitudes among police officers toward rape victims. Adolesc Pediatr Gynecol 8(2):89–91Google Scholar
- Murrell ME, Lester D (1979) Masculinity in police officers. Psychol Rep 44:14Google Scholar
- Roberg RR (1978) An analysis of the relationships among higher education, belief systems, and job performance of patrol officers. J Police Sci Adm 6:336–344Google Scholar
- Roberg RR, Laramy JE (1980) An empirical assessment of the criteria utilized for promoting police personnel: a secondary analysis. J Police Sci Adm 8:183–187Google Scholar
- Roberg R, Crank J, Kuykendall J (2004) Police and society, 2nd edn. Roxbury, Los Angeles, CAGoogle Scholar
- Sanderson BB (1978) Police officers: The relationship of college education to job performance. The police chief 44:62Google Scholar
- Schein E (1992) Organizational culture and leadership. Joey Bass Publishers, San Francisco, CAGoogle Scholar
- Schulhofer SJ (1988) Criminal justice discretion as a regulatory system. J Legal Stud 17:43–82CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Scott MB, Lyman SM (1968) Accounts. Am Sociol Rev 33:46–62PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Smith SM, Aamodt MG (1997) The relationship between higher education, experience, and police performance. J Police Crim Psychol 12:7–14Google Scholar
- Smith AB, Locke B, Walker WF (1968) Authoritarianism in police college students and non-police college students. J Crim Law Criminol Police Sci 59:440–443CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Smith AB, Locke B, Fenster A (1970) Authoritarianism in policemen who are college graduates and non-college graduates. J Crim Law Criminol Police Sci 61:313–315CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Spence JT, Helmreich R, Stapp J (1973) A short version of the Attitudes Toward Women Scale (AWS). Bull Psychon Soc 2:219–220Google Scholar
- Stanko EA (1997) Safety talk: Conceptualizing women’s risk assessment as a ‘technology of the soul’. Theor Criminol 1(4):479–499CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Timmins WM, Hainsworth BE (1989) Attracting and retaining females in law enforcement. Int J Offender Ther Comp Criminol 33:197–205CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Truxillo DM, Bennett SR, Collins ML (1998) College education and police job performance: a ten year study. Public Pers Manage 27(2):269–280Google Scholar
- Tyre M, Braunstein S (1992) Higher education and ethical policing. FBI Law Enforc Bull, June:6–10Google Scholar
- U.S. Department of Justice, Bureau of Justice Statistics (2006) Law enforcement management and administrative statistics: local police departments, 2003. U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, D.C.Google Scholar
- Ward C (1995) Attitudes toward rape: feminist and social psychological perspectives. Sage, LondonGoogle Scholar
- Weiner N (1976) The educated policeman. J Police Sci Adm, December:450–457Google Scholar
- Weirman CL (1978) Variances of ability measurement scores obtained by college and non-college educated troopers. The Police Chief 45:34–36Google Scholar
- Wilson H (1999) Post-secondary education of the police officer and its effect on the frequency of citizen complaints. Journal of California Law Enforcement 33:3–10Google ScholarBiketo.com official video report
Biketo:
Youku:
East West Sports, BON.TV
BON's cool report on the Grassland Marathon inEast West Sports on 7 July (starts around 12:00 minute mark). Alternative direct viewing on BON's Youtube channel.
BON's report on the Genghis Khan MTB Adventure, broadcast in East West Sports on 14 July. Alternative direct viewing on BON's Youtube channel.
Blue Ocean Network broadcast a preview of the Genghis Khan Festival in its East West Sports show on 17 June. Have a look, the feature starts at the 20:35 time mark!
Various TV reportsBecause Mormons are Christians, we believe in doing and finding good things in life, and then in sharing those with others. In the Thirteenth Article of Faith, we express a belief in seeking after things which are “lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy.” What does that actually mean?
It follows the old adage that, if something is worth doing, it’s worth doing right! [go away, grammar nerds – it’s a colloquialism for crying out loud]. I heard a wonderful example of this a little while ago.
Our ward doesn’t usually work
assignments at the cannery like so many others do. Just southwest of our stake is the largest welfare orchard the Church runs. I have no idea how many trees are involved. It’s easily tens of thousands of them. We grow peaches, apricots, apples, cherries, almonds, etc., and use them to feed the poor and needy. Our ward has a regular assignment to go, during the season, and volunteer labor. We go out as families, wards, or groups of friends and thin fruit early in the season so that the harvest results in fruit of the
appropriate size. Then we return when the season is right and pick the fruit, pack it in crates, and ship it to LDS canneries who preserve and then distribute it worldwide.
We spend pleasant evenings working together and chatting in the orchard. Kids roam free chasing rabbits and snakes, throwing hard green peaches at each other, or sinking their teeth into ripe fruit which has fallen to the ground (we aren’t allowed to distribute those, so we can glean them).
Anyone can go out there and tour the place or volunteer, not just members of the Church. It’s southeast of Caldwell, Idaho, along Chicken Dinner Road just off Highway 55. Yes, Chicken Dinner Road. Not kidding.
There is a fellow out there, Steve Bair, who is the orchardmaster. OK, so I don’t know his official title. We just call him “Brother Bair.” He does a wonderful job of keeping us all organized, on time, and getting the most out of the harvest that we can.
Brother Bair told me a neat story a little while ago. I asked his permission to share it here:
“I would like to share a story that I was told by my supervisor in Salt Lake. The church just put in a new pasta plant in the Salt lake area. The church makes their own pasta for the welfare system. It takes a special wheat to make pasta. It is done with Durham wheat. Well when the church put in the equipment for the pasta plant they used Italian equipment. Who better to buy pasta equipment from but the Italians. They invented pasta didn’t they? Well to help them get started with the production, the Italian equipment company sent a representative to help them at start up and work out all of the kinks. When they began making pasta the Italian asked where they buy there wheat. He said that it was the best color pasta and best pasta he has experienced. (He has probably experienced a lot of pasta). They couldn’t make pasta like that. Our church people told him that we raised the wheat. It was grown on our own welfare farms. I think some of it in Montana, but they raise it other places also. It doesn’t surprise me that it is the best. It is the Lord’s wheat for the Lord’s table, to feed the poor. I have seen his hand in this work a number of times. I have had neighbors ask me what we are doing that is different than what they are doing, and this has happened more than once. We really haven’t done anything different that I could tell. We are blest. I love this work. It is a scared experience to be a part of and I get to do it every day. I hope you feel the spirit when you come out. Strive for it and you will. Thank you STEVE”
Just as the Lord does in His work, we seek after good things.OCC’s Meredith Cantor-Feller and McKinley-Brighton student DerricKa Trotman work together to apply two-sided tape to DerricKa’s new journal.
The smiles on their faces spoke a thousand words. Third graders at McKinley-Brighton Elementary School were dreaming about the future and loving it. The journals they were creating were the first step on their journey toward making their dreams come true. On construction paper they used color pencils to draw pictures, write their names and what they’d like to be when they grow up. The construction paper was laminated, folded in half and a notebook was attached inside.
Students smiled with pride as they held up their brand new journals.
The effort was led by Meredith Cantor-Feller, OCC’s Interim Dean of Visual, Performing & Applied Arts. Throughout the process she kept telling students (and they kept repeating to her), “If you write it down you’re one step closer to getting it done.” Every student in the room had a dream. The journal making was the first step in turning the dream into reality. “I want these students to start thinking big early on. That’s why I kept saying to them, ‘If you write it down you’re one step closer to getting it done.’ I want them to know you don’t wait until you’re 20 to start your idea of what you want to be, you start early.”
Cantor-Feller’s presence at McKinley-Brighton is the product of a new partnership between the school and College aimed at helping students. The pilot program was kicked off during a celebration at McKinley-Brighton in September. More than 200 students in 3rd, 4th and 5th grades attended the event.
Throughout the academic year, College representatives like Cantor-Feller will visit the school and help students in a variety of ways by working on arts and creative activities, conducting STEM demonstrations and engaging students in leadership activities. There will also be field trips to the OCC campus for students to enjoy and learn from.
McKinley-Brighton Elementary is in the Syracuse City School District. It is located on West Newell Street just three miles from campus.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.Description
Patriot Memory’s Signature Line DDR2 Non-ECC Unbuffered memory delivers quality, reliability and performance expected for today’s computer needs. This 4GB kit (2 x 2GB modules) is designed to run at PC2-6400 (800MHz) at CAS 62-6400 (800MHz) Data Rate
(2x2GB) 4GB Dual Module Kit
240-Pin Dual in-line memory modules
7.8US Refresh Interval (8192 Cycles/64MS)
1.8V Power Requirement
Auto and self refresh capability
100% Hand Tested
Lifetime WarrantyTHE MAX JOY CO.
Eastwood
On the other end of the road in Rowe St. area there was a bright blue and white banner that seemed to stand out from the night-time darkness. Inside is quite cheerful - it's almost like stepping into a dream land or a kids play room with the themed boy blue walls and logo, the colourful striped walls with the confectionary parlour-style decor of a young ice cream and dessert bar. Have a read of the store's concept on the left side once you've entered and taken a seat with your sweets.
The selection of the ice creams are great to look at with a rotation of flavours always changing. A lot of exotic asian flavours included the smooth Matcha green tea, the nuttier Hojicha green tea, black sesame and fruity Lychee along with your other general flavours such as chocolate, strawberry and salted caramel. I also sampled their "Pavlova" which at first glance looks like it could be passionfruit, however with a lick of the spoon you also have the chewy meringue bits lathered into the mix.
The place has complimentary wifi and a jack at each table for a USB port charger so if you happen to have the smart phone cable you can hop on. Thought it was a good ploy to help those kids wanting to have ice cream after school but still be connected online.
For ice creams we chose the Eastwood Granny Smith and Hojicha flavours. Each were simply amazing flavours! We also ordered the pandan and coconut waffles along with our choice of ice cream scoop along with the intriguing "Moffles" they have on the menu. Moffles is a hybrid of the mochi rice cake and waffle mixture which when we tried to eat it, you can tell the mix has a density different to a usually fluffy waffle. It was much more munchy and I had asked for it to be crispy so it was more of a rice puff - probably I should've said to have kept it softer to enjoy it more.
0 commented:The Worlds of the 15th Century Major turning point in human history… Human Communities Paleolithic: Australia, Siberia, parts of Africa and the Americas Australia and Northwest coast of North America Both – very different Agricultural Village Societies: North America, Africa (south of equator), South America, SE Asia Avoided oppressive authority Herding Peoples Turkic warrior Timur (Timerlane) tried to restore the Mongol Empire ca. 1400 His army devastated Russia, Persia, and India Died in 1405 while preparing invasion of China His successors kept control of area b/t Persia and Afghanistan for 100 years Timur’s conquest was the LAST great military success of Central Asian nomads 1500s – China and Europe Ming Dynasty Disrupted by Mongol rule and plague Recovery 1368-1644 Confucian learning Yongle = Encyclopedia (wisdom of past) Reestablished civil service examination Highly centralized government Court eunuchs Planted 1 billion trees Yongle commissioned massive maritime fleet Possibly the most prosperous civilizations of it time Europe Pop began to rise again in 1450 State building BUT fragmented with many independent states The Hundred Years’ War (1337-1453) Renaissance – reclamation of classical Greece Began in Italy (1350-1500) Greater naturalism in art – daVinci, Raphael, Michelangelo “humanist” scholars to explore secular topics Europe cont… Maritime voyaging 1415 – Portuguese voyages 1492 – Columbus 1497-1498 Vasco da Gama Small in comparison to Chinese voyages Europeans were seeking wealth, converts, and allies Used violence to carve out empires Chinese voyages ended – European ones increased Rivalry b/t states increased competition China had everything it needed/Europeans wanted more China’s food produced internally Islamic World 4 major states or empires Islamic Heartland: Ottoman and Safavid Empires 1. Ottoman Empire lasted from 14th to 20th century Huge territory Anatolia, eastern Europe, Middle East, North African coast Sultans claimed the title “caliph” and the legacy of the Abbasids Attempted to bring unity to Islamic world Aggressive towards Christian lands = Constantinople in 1453, siege of Vienna in 1529, Europeans feared Turkish expansion 2. Safavid Empire emerged in Persia from a Sufi religious order Established after 1500 and imposed Shia Islam as official religion Sunni Ottoman Empire and Shia Safavid Empire fought periodically between 1534-1639 Islamic Heartland cont.. 3. The Songhay Empire – rose in West Africa Islam was limited to urban elites Sonni Ali followed Muslim practices but was also regarded as a magician with much charm Major center of Islamic learning/trade 4. Mughal Empire – India, created by a Turkic group that invaded India in 1526 Gained control over most of India Tried to create partnership between Hindus and Muslims Hindu kingdom of Vijayanagara continued to flourish in south The age of these 4 great Muslim empires is sometimes called a “second flowering of Islam” Energy, prosperity, cultural brilliance Spread of Islam to SE Asia Malacca – major Muslim port city in fifteenth century Mulaccan Islam blended with Hindu/Buddhist traditions The Americas - Aztecs Seminomadic people who migrated southward from N. Mexico and est. themselves on an island in Lake Texcoco by 1325 Capital = Tenochtitlan Loosely structured 5-6 million people Trade included slaves – sacrifice Incas Andes mountains – 2500 miles long Emperor was absolute ruler 80 provinces with an Inca governor Quipus recorded population data Quechua – language Cuzco – capital Everyone performed labor (mita) Both practiced “gender parallelism” Religion Christendom = divided into RC and Eastern Orthodoxy Buddhism linked people in China, Korea, Tibet, Japan, and parts of the Southeast Asia Islam brought people together through the annual hajj, yet conflict still existed. Trade Trade was almost everywhere Silk Road network was contracting Ocean trade pick up in the West Atlantic/Indian Ocean Looking to the Modern Era 1500-2000 Modern human society emerged first in Europe in the nineteenth century and then throughout the world Core feature – industrialization Massive pop increase Favor urban wealth over rural landowning elites States become more powerful The Modern Revolution was just as important as the A.R. Revealed new economic inequalities Western Europe After 1500, Western Europe became the most innovative, prosperous, powerful part of the world Spread of European languages and Christian religion throughout the world Initiated the Scientific Revolution and the Industrial Revolution Isms: liberalism, nationalism, feminism, socialism Rest of the world was confronted by powerful, intrusive EuropeansClean and friendly hotel. Lacking storage place. In need of renovation but clean and ok seen to price. The restaurant we only tried for breakfast and it was ok but not worth the money, better with local cafes round the coener.
Getting you more information on this room
Getting you more information on this room
"Street noise can be loud on the street side, if windows/doors are open."“The human race built most nobly when limitations were greatest, and therefore, when most was required of imagination in order to build at all.” Frank Lloyd Wright
Limitations are everywhere. We often see them as negative. The word can something substituted by disability or a problem. In truth, limitations are the thing that make things work and even make things better.
Many of us wish for a day that is completely ours. In truth, we are saying that we want a day that we set the limitations. What time we get. How we spend our time. What level interaction we have with the world. And as much as this dream day appeals to us and is needed once in awhile. We don’t grow from days like this.
I once read a book about Psalm 23, which the chapter of the Bible that begins, “The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want…” In this book, the author looks at the piece through the eyes of a shepherd. One thing that he mentions is that the shepherd leads his sheep in the lush valley to feed. Vegetation does not grow well on the top of mountains, so the sheep will need the strength and food from the valley to climb. We often have a negative view the term valley. It is seen as low point: the farthest distance from the mountain top.
Limitations, be it from a boss, client, or even just lack of time, can feel like valleys. We want the time and work that make us feel like be on top of the mountain, but we must feed on the limitations and get stronger.
A few weeks ago, I told my wife that I wish that take the discipline that I had to learn by going to graduate school while having a job and raising two boys and go back in time to reclaim those days, months, and years that I misused. Obviously I could not. All that time suffered from little limitation on my time, and growth only came from limitations.
Limitations come in many forms, but they are not what should stop us. They are there to help us grow. Remember the shepherd didn’t just happened upon the valley or was forced to go the valley by circumstances. He led his sheep through the valley in order to be successful.
Question: Where can I limit myself in order to grow?My name is Staff Sgt. James Coker; I am an American soldier, serving in
the military with the army’s 3rd infantry division.
What a pleasant surprise to get an email from you, Sgt. Coker. You’re the first soldier who has taken the time to write to me and I’m really honored.
With a very desperate
need for assistance, I have summed up courage to contact you. I found your contact particulars in an address journal.
Address journal? Was it lying around on the streets of Baghdad? I keep telling my friends to be more careful with their "address journals."
I am seeking
your kind assistance to move the sum of US$8m (eight million United States
dollars) to you in United States; as far as I can be assured that my share will be safe
in your care until I complete my service here.
Eight million dollars? Wow, that’s a lot of money. Of course, you can be assured that I’ll
spend it well take good care of it. Thank you for selecting me for this shopping spree opportunity. Wait till I tell my wife about this! She likes to go shopping help others too..
You found the money in dog kennels? What a great hiding place. I would have never looked inside dog kennels. You guys are great. It’s amazing that you didn’t find those WMDs.’re absolutely right. And you know what? I take a lot of risks on
my job too — every time I open my computer, I’m afraid it might crash
and injure me — so I’m quite deserving of whatever money you share
with me.
The above figure was given to me as my share, and to conceal this
kind of money became a problem for me, even after the initial probe of
all soldiers of our command which I was cleared United States.
You’re brilliant, coming up with a scheme like that. I’m glad you’re not trying to deceive me in any way.
I have now found a
much secured way of getting the package out of Iraq to your country for you to pick
up, and I will discuss this with you when I am sure that you are willing to
assist me, and I believe that my money will be well secured in your hand because you
have the fear of God.
Yes, I do have the fear of God. And I also have the fear of dog. I would never be able to look inside dog kennels, like you did. and tarnish the reputation of other
services men.
You can trust me, Sgt. Coker. I would never share your message with
anyone. I wouldn’t want to tarnish the reputation of U.S. servicemen,
especially when you’re doing such a good job of that yourselves. with my private e-mail address jcoker001@gmail.com which is
for now my only way of communication until I specify otherwise. God bless you and your family.
Thank you for writing, Sgt. Coker. I will be in contact with you
shortly. Until then, may God be with you. May He keep you alive, at
least until you send me the money.Introduction
Ralph Ellison’s narrator in Invisible Man lets us know that he is not a spook, nor a Hollywood-movie ectoplasm, nor someone who has suffered a bio-chemical accident. Instead he sees himself as a distorted construction of people’s inner eye, similar to a distorted image in a circus mirror. He sees himself as being so highly visible as a one-dimensional construct created by social agreement that he is invisible as a person. Issues of visibility for contingent faculty are in some ways similar (here I am defining contingent faculty as all part-time and full-time faculty who are non-tenure track and who are not teaching as graduate assistants). As part of a two-track system, contingent faculty are set on course to teach a high course load (when full time) mostly in general education classes while tenure track faculty teach a low course load mostly in the major field and concentrate on research.
Contingent faculty can become so highly visible as instructors in general education classes across universities (especially once graduate research assistants are added to the mix) that they are not visible outside of this particular role; in fact, some students at some universities may never see a professor on the tenure track teaching a general education class. However, once students focus on classes in their major, they may never see another contingent faculty member in the classroom, making them truly invisible. Likewise, contingent faculty members may truly be invisible on committees (especially university committees), through scholarship, or at conferences where scholars network with other scholars.
The American Association of University Professors’ (AAUP) 2015 – 2016 Annual Report indicates that over the past forty years there has been a 62 percent increase in full-time non-tenure-track faculty appointments and a 70 percent increase in part-time instructional faculty appointments. The majority of academic positions today are part-time, “with part-time instructional staff positions making up nearly 41 percent of the academic labor force and graduate teaching assistants making up almost another 13 percent (part-time tenure-track positions make up about 1 percent of the academic labor force)” (13).
The tight social constructs that determine who is seen and who is not seen have been created for and by those who participate in higher education. Nowhere is this truer than within the English field, for our discipline has in some ways been complicit in creating a department that relies on more contingent labor than any other departments on campus. Brad Hammer, the Director of Writing in the Disciplines (WID) at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, finds that once English Departments were enlisted to teach composition classes as a service to the larger university, departments turned to graduate students as cheap labor knowing that only a small percentage would ever find “tenure track or even sustainable academic jobs” (12). On two-year and four-year campuses, contingent faculty have been used to supplement the numbers of professors teaching these “service” courses.
Letizia Gugielmo, KSU’s Interim Composition Director, is quite aware of the large numbers of contingent faculty who teach in composition programs. In fact, she has researched, written, and acted on ideas that disrupt the traditional social constructs that go with this two-track system and has supported contingent faculty becoming more visible through publication, professional development, and conference travel.
Letizia Guglielmo: Disrupting Assumptions, Creating Support
Letizia began disrupting assumptions concerning the two-track system soon after being hired for an instructor position that was described as tenure-track. She realized that to be tenured she would need to first become an assistant professor and that
meant earning a PhD. While a PhD was not required for her position, Letizia took it upon herself to work herself out of the “box others expected [her] to occupy” (SPCAL 3-4). Letizia has done exactly that and has worked to help others do likewise. She joined forces with Lynée Lewis Gaillet of Georgia State University (GSU) to co-author Scholarly Publication in a Changing Academic Landscape: Models for Success and to edit a collection of essays by contingent faculty entitled Contingent Faculty Publishing in Community: Successful Collaborations. Both books actually ensure that the voices of contingent faculty are heard. In the first Letizia and Lynée made sure to include the voices of contingent faculty by including blurbs in which contingent faculty expressed their views on each topic, and, of course, contingent faculty are authors of the essays.
According to Letizia, Lynée and she both had experience as contingent faculty in graduate school at the MA and PhD levels. By the time the two were working together, Lynée was the Director of Lower Division Studies in English at GSU and working with a large number of contingent faculty, and Letizia had begun to work with KSU colleagues (Laura Davis and Linda Stewart) on similar contingent faculty concerns. Ideas for the books started to gel after Letizia enrolled in Lynée’s publication course. They officially began work on the first book in 2008. Scholarship on the use of contingent faculty for the project was pulled from the Wyoming Resolution and bodies of work by James, Sledd, Marc Bousquet, and Eileen Schell. Before publishing they presented their ideas for national conferences and published a chapter in an edited collection of essays.
In an interview with Valerie Robin of Hybrid Pedagogy, Letizia and Lynée explain that contingent faculty often have far more teaching experience than tenure-track junior colleagues and that the absence of their knowledge from scholarship is detrimental to the field. Their goal in writing the books is to focus on the ways in which contingent faculty can use their interests to research and to publish (broadly speaking) their “way into increased job security and increased fulfillment.” What follows are several methods that Letizia and Lynée propose. These ideas that concern professional development are addressed both in the interview with Hybrid Pedagogy and within an a blog post for University of Venus: GenX Women in Higher Ed, Writing from Across the Globe that was then published in Inside Higher Education.
- Create self-mentoring groups
- Stage brown bag lunches in order to share tips and research interests
- Document work
- Network broadly across the university and outside of it when possible
- Use professional development such as departmental pilot projects as occasions for scholarship
- Collaborate with other faculty members or undergraduate students
- Create connections between teaching, scholarship, and service to prompt presentations and publications that may be funded by campus centers for teaching excellence
Letizia, working with other first-year administrators, has put several of these ideas into action while at KSU such as Maymester workshops, a technology workshop series, and First-year Composition Dialogues. Even meetings usually end with some quick tips from faculty members concerning composition.
The addition of a second campus through the consolidation of Southern Polytechnic State University (SPSU) with KSU, added new challenges this past year for Letizia and Allison Cooper-Davis, the assistant director, because composition faculty teach on both campuses, and the Marietta campus as it has become known, is a 30-minute drive from the Kennesaw campus. Curricular differences between the SPSU and KSU composition programs have added to the difficulty. While both programs spoke to the WPA outcomes for first-year composition, they did so through different lenses. In an attempt to help create community between the two campuses, Letizia and Allison created the first composition summit in August, for which composition faculty conducted workshops and presented ideas to the 53 attendees. The summit helped those of us who were new to the Kennesaw program to learn a bit more about it, and it gave all of us a chance to meet new people and gain new insights into composition studies. Composition faculty have also collaborated on the first mandated General Education Assessment pilot for SACS as well as on the development of program outcomes. Two first-year composition dialogues and a composition meeting were held on the Marietta campus this past spring. These opportunities have helped faculty from both campuses to learn from each other and to get to know each other.
Making Marietta Lecturers More Visible
While gains have clearly been made on both campuses towards ensuring that contingent faculty are a visible and important part of the English department, contingent faculty on the Marietta campus still remain a bit more invisible for several reasons. 1) Most of the meetings and opportunities continue to be hosted on the Kennesaw campus, 2) The number of courses lecturers and limited-term faculty teach make it difficult to create time to work with others outside of class time, 3) the travel time between the two campuses means that an hour is necessary just for traveling, and 4) the times at which classes are held on the Marietta campus (both TR 12:30 p.m. classes and 2 p.m. classes impact participation). Given that my blog concerns women, work, and academics, I thought I would use the rest of this post to introduce some of the women on the Marietta campus. I put out a call for participation and five women agreed to have their stories told.
Before I begin, I simply want to note that women are more likely to be members of contingent faculty. 2009 statistics from the National Center for Education indicate that 51% of all adjuncts are women (in Steiger) I have a feeling this statistic is higher for
composition studies. 2013 statistics concerning full-time faculty in instructor and lecturer positions is a bit more difficult to read since only Caucasians are separated by gender (See graph). In each case white women made up the largest percentage of lecturers and instructors at 44% followed by white men at 37% for instructors and 34% for lecturers.
Kay Steiger has labeled adjunct or contingent faculty as the “pink collar workforce of academia.” On the Marietta campus the majority of contingent faculty members teaching English are currently women. They hold ten of the fourteen spots, representing 71% of the contingent faculty.
Charlotte Stephenson: Walking in Another’s Shoes
Charlotte Stephenson began working on the Marietta campus in 1979 as an adjunct instructor teaching English Composition, Drama Appreciation, Honors Drama Appreciation, Public Speaking, and World Literature. In 2004 she took a one-year, temporary full-time position that managed to last 10 years before she was finally made a lecturer in January of 2015.
While this story of teaching may seem typical for contingent faculty (including too many years in a temporary position), Charlotte’s life has been anything but typical for the composition and literature teachers I know. Charlotte’s higher education is actually in drama studies. According to Charlotte’s cousin Rosanne, Charlotte’s flair for the dramatic was already in gear at four years of age. Not only did Charlotte love tall tales, but she could deliver her own statements with flair as evidenced by her placing a hand on her hip and asking her Aunt Hillie, “Can I borrow a speck of lard to grease my tricycle?”
Charlotte, however, believes that her love for drama and theater wasn’t clear until she joined the high school drama club as a freshman in order to be with her boyfriend, a senior who was already a member of the club. As my mom likes to say, it was all over from there. The boyfriend didn’t last too much longer than a few of Charlotte’s fiancés, but theater became her passion. Charlotte went from mundane tasks such as applying make-up and acting as a stagehand to leading roles to directing others in theater productions. During high school she acted in both secular and religious plays (yes, the high school students also produced one-act plays for several churches in her Alabama home town). Her beloved English, Speech and Drama teacher Stella Langley became Charlotte’s mentor. She taught Charlotte how to lose herself in a role, how to build a character, and many other valuable lessons. The two remained friends until Langley died in 1970.
In 1964 Charlotte earned her BA degree majoring in Dramatic Arts with a minor in Dance from Judson College. Charlotte scored her first major role as Hedda Gabler in Ibsen’s play by that name while at Judson. By the fall of 1965 Charlotte was enrolled in the Master’s program in Theatre and Drama at the University of Alabama where in her very first semester she was cast in the role of Eliza Gant in Kitty Fringe’s play adaptation of Thomas Wolf’s novel, Look, Homeward Angel. Her master’s thesis “A Psychological Study of the Learning Process of the Actor” was based on activities she undertook in order to understand Eliza Gant’s character. Every day Charlotte wrote down what she learned in order to understand the psychological nature of the character. This might be directions she received concerning the role, her own insights gained through character interaction, or something she researched concerning the novel and Wolf’s life. She thus created a biography of the character. While she learned quite a bit about walking in this character’s shoes from her study, she also learned that you can overthink a role and that doing so can then interfere with your acting.
Other highlights from Charlotte’s time at the University of Alabama included meeting Eudora Welty when the University Theatre honored Flannery O’Connor for the Southern Literary Festival by adapting and presenting a readers’ theatre production of her short story, “A Good Man is Hard to Find” as well as learning how to become a director by working with Marian Galloway, for whom the school’s theatre was later named.
Once she graduated, Charlotte became an Instructor of Speech and Drama and Director of Theatre at Kennesaw Junior College (KJC) in Marietta, Georgia, (yes, the school may have been located in Kennesaw, but the mailbox was in Marietta because Horace Stergis thought Marietta was a classier address). The first play performed at KJC was O’Neill’s Long Day’s Journey into Night, which was performed in the school’s gymnasium. Charlotte played the lead role of Mary (the Mother) and also directed the performance. The last play Charlotte directed and produced at KJC was Camelot, which was performed at the Anderson Theatre in Marietta, GA. She then went to the University of Georgia to work on her PhD degree in Theatre History and Dramatic Literature at the University of Georgia. For the first time her work was not in performance; it was strictly scholarly. She completed the course work and comprehensive exams, but she did not complete the dissertation, which was a historical perspective of the Springer Opera House in Columbus, Georgia. Charlotte felt this was her one big mistake.
In 1982 Charlotte accepted the position of teacher of Speech, Drama, and English with Cobb County Schools. She taught drama and music at Dickerson Middle School for three years. She then transferred to McEachern High School where she taught English, Drama and Speech and directed the theatre until she retired in 2001. During this time period she directed a great number of plays, but she still acted as well. She worked as both actor and director with Cobb Community Players and Smyrna Little Theatre in the 70’s and 80’s. She played Mae in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Queen Agravane in Once Upon a Mattress (she was awarded the best actor of the year for this roll), Lola in Come Back Little Sheba, and Blanche in A Streetcar Named Desire.
I asked Charlotte what her favorite role was and she told me that she loved playing the feisty, domineering Eliza in Look Homeward, Angel. The script she most enjoyed bringing to life was Tennessee Williams’s Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Charlotte feels that the ways in which Williams writes and depicts characters shows his deep insight into the human psyche.
Charlotte attempts to bring to her English classes what she has enjoyed so much about theater: a deep understanding of the human condition. She finds that to understand a person you must put on his shoes and walk around a bit, to consider why he has made his choices, and the way these choices have impacted his life. Charlotte told me that she has loved all 50 years that she has been a part of the lives, education, hopes, and dreams of more than 10,000 fellow actors and students. When I was director of the SPSU University Honors Program, I had the chance to watch Charlotte in action with her honors Drama Appreciation students. I can say they loved her as well.
Erin Sledd: Crossing Boundaries
In 2015 Erin Sledd made two trips to Karachi, Pakistan—one over Spring Break and the other for the fall semester. In the spring she shared her work and ideas at the Indus Valley School (IVS) of Art and Architecture and in the fall she taught courses in exhibition design and graphic design for the Communication Design Department at
IVS. In addition to teaching at IVS in the fall, she ran a two-part, how-to workshop for primary and secondary teachers on using Instagram, she ran writing workshops for the Society for Professional English Language Teachers (SPELT) (one in Karachi and one in Lahore) on concrete techniques for improving sentence structure and clarity, and she ran a training workshop on the use of LORE.com (a learning management system that unfortunately sees its last day in June) and on the grading book component of Engrade.com for IVS faculty.
Erin’s year provides an excellent snapshot of the ways in which she is open to crossing both literal boundaries and figurative boundaries. I met Erin in 2009, when she came to teach as a part-time instructor on the Marietta campus. Like Charlotte, she spent time as a temporary, full-time instructor before becoming a lecturer. What I learned about Erin early on is that she is both quite creative and quite concerned with structure. These two thinks are not oxymoronic for Erin. In fact, Erin sees connections between seeming opposites. Her background actually crosses a number of boundaries that often separate university departments into singular silos. Erin’s interests in literature, art, language, science, and technology allow her to explore “connections between the analog and digital world and include mythology and fairytales, metamorphoses and hybridity, emergent design, virtual and material structures, gamification and user experience design, narrative, computational linguistics, and eschatechnology” (Sledd Linkedin).
To be honest, during our interview it was sometimes a bit difficult to follow Erin’s background for two reasons: 1) we were on the phone, and 2) her interests and abilities are so varied. She started college at Furman University as a political science major and planned to go on to law school after graduation. However, an early class in British Romantic Poetry helped her to determine that a second major was in her future and so she double majored in political science and English. She graduated not knowing what to do with her English degree (Furman did not excel in communicating career options) and because she was engaged to be married she opted for a brief holding pattern. An internship at an Atlanta home and garden magazine followed, and then she realized that she was interested in more education—that she wanted to be a scholar. Erin entered Georgia State University’s MA in English program, received a graduate teaching assistantship, and taught her first Composition class.
Here’s where it gets interesting. Erin continued to cross academic boundaries. She decided that she was not only interested in English, but that she was also interested in art history and in Thomas Kuhn’s Structures of Scientific Revolutions, which became the backbone of her thesis. I understand the connections between Art history and English, but I don’t know much about Kuhn. Erin explained that Kuhn realized that great paradigm shifts in scientific progress didn’t really follow the normal, objective paths that have been associated with science. In fact, Kuhn found that great instability or crisis stimulates the loosening of boundaries or parameters normally used to solve problems, thus allowing new ideas to be investigated. As Erin explained, there is subjectivity in science. She ended up linking Kuhn’s ideas to the Internet and the ways in which an explosion of information has occurred because of it; thus, prompting us to sort our way through a “modern day Alexandria.”
One should note that many people once they start down a certain path such as scholarly work and teaching, continue to do so once they graduate. Not Erin. Erin didn’t find her way back to teaching in Atlanta, Georgia until after a long chain of events that included dealing with her father’s death, the end of her marriage, moving to San Francisco, working in an attorney’s office, proofreading for an advertisement agency, working during the .com era with an architect, and learning graphic design for her business. What is interesting to me is how Erin has used this confluence of learning from her past to create her classroom practices in her present for students on the Marietta campus whose primary interests often are science and technology. Her literature students examine comparative world mythologies, transformation and technology, concepts of alien identities, and evolving ideas of otherness. Not surprisingly her knowledge of art history and her abilities to use new technology enhance her lessons.
Erin does still have her hand in the design business, but she doesn’t have the time to go after new clients. The lack of time is not surprising for an English lecturer with a 5/4 teaching load. In Erin’s case it’s also not surprising given her interest in presenting or conducting workshops abroad. In May Erin will present a conference paper in Istanbul concerning her research on using Instagram for complementary assignments at two different institutional locations. Meanwhile she has applied for a grant that she wants to use to create a hybrid creative/scholarly project for which she bases her artwork series on traditional Islamic geometric art that she purposefully permeates with new geometries and error in order to show the fragmented knowledge Westerners have of Islamic art and culture. She hopes to partner with Hussein Abaza of IVS and to use the March 2017 Design Evolution Conference in Karachi, Pakistan as the venue.
Molly Brodak: Extending and Translating
In a 2013 interview with Scott Daughridge of Burnaway.org, Molly talked about herself, her poetry and the ways in which she often feels as though the edge of her self
extends beyond the boundary of her body and into the places she is, so she feels like she is “living not in a location but as part of one.” This seems like something a Southern poet might write; however, Molly is Michigan born, and she had never lived anywhere longer than four years before moving to Atlanta. Maybe she has finally come home?
Like Erin, Molly is a lecturer who loves teaching, yet finds herself extending beyond the classroom—in this case into the poetry that she began writing as a young girl before she even really understood she was writing poetry. After graduating from high school, Molly attended an art institute where she happened to take a poetry class. She liked the class so much she transferred to Oakland University, and completed an English degree in 2004 (Daughridge). In 2008 she completed her MFA in creative writing at West Virginia University. She then taught at Augusta State University as a lecturer, and at Emory through a fellowship. For the last three years Molly has taught on the Marietta campus of KSU.
I think many poets would be envious of Molly’s writing career. In 2009 she won the Iowa Poetry Prize for her book A Little Middle of the Night. She has also written three chapbooks (Instructions for a Painting, The Flood, and Essays on Parts of the Day), a number of other poems, as well as several pieces of creative nonfiction. Her book, Bandit: A Daughter’s Memoir is due out in October of this year. It recounts what it is like to live with and understand a father who is addicted to gambling, who at one point robbed banks to pay his debts, but who also was a loving father. A visit to Molly’s Sibilant Fricative page, introduced me to an essay about the classroom with desks that have writing surfaces the size of a postage stamp and with students who snap to attention when she talks of sex, love, or power. The page also revealed publications, such as Molly’s article for Burnaway concerning the nature and definition of primitive art, a poem that concerns Google and language, another poem in which bodies are translated into fossils, and a memoir concerning the brain surgery that figuratively translated her into headlessness and then slowly translated her back into what one might call headiness as her brain began to make demands and domineer thinking once more.
Molly’s writing is brave, engaging in personal ideas and themes that some of us bury deep in our psyche. She asks students to engage in ideas and ways of thinking about identity, intelligence, and behavior, which asks them to unbury past conceptions of who they are. For example, she likes to raise important questions concerning grit and heroic action, emphasizing the ways in which grit is a behavior one can take on and that it can be more important than innate intelligence for success in life. Molly finds that students identify with this concept because as freshmen they are beginning to realize that they must adjust their routines to college life. Molly finds that students as freshmen are “staring down a long and intimidating road to the goal of graduation. It makes sense that so many give up, because it can look impossible from that end, which is something I think we often forget from this side of the classroom.” Molly uses the idea of “grit” on two levels: students need to internalize ideas of grit “as a metaphor in their own lives” and as a way to understand ideas of the hero’s journey which she uses in her Composition Two class. In some ways their work for their research project is like the hero’s journey “long, difficult, and complex” for which they must “delay gratification, regulate moods, and bounce back from errors/failures.”
Molly finds connections between writing poetry and writing essays for freshman composition. She believes that poetry is really basic since it is about “reconnecting to language on the ground floor, if you will, where word choice, sound and symbol are not taken for granted but carefully considered.” She believes this idea is made clear in genre studies especially. Molly likes to center Composition One around genre, because she finds many new freshmen are extremely rigid in the way they think about form for college writing. They often know the “basic 5-paragraph academic essay and nothing else.” Molly believes that conceptually it is important to show students how form can shape and control meaning and content. The same is true in poetry. “Writing hexameter forces you to think differently than writing in pentameter. Form is (almost) everything.” She believes that once students start to feel confident “moving fluidly from genre to genre, they start to see that they actually have a lot to say, and are capable of insightful analysis if given simple genre conventions to work within.”
Kat Gray: Storytelling and Research Design
Kat, whose birth name is Mary Katherine, and whose family members call “Katie,” decided to rename herself Kat; thus, taking a step in writing her own story—a story that is a bit less formal than the one that seems appropriate for “Mary Katherine” and a bit more like the story of someone who has participated in roller derby skating and tabletop-role-playing game design.
Kat’s story is in some ways a lot like many stories that are typical of English teachers. She grew up loving to write and read stories. She told me she will read any type of fiction, but she is especially fond of magical realism, detective fiction, and supernatural fiction. Despite her love of stories, Kat didn’t start college as an English student. Instead she was a psychology major. Fortunately for KSU she hated psychology, corrected her course, and pursued her love of story as an English major. Now her love of story even informs what she does to help students write better prose. Following in her mentor’s (Chantel Acevedo, a faculty member at Auburn University) footsteps, Kat enjoys finding ways to help students use stories within their formal writings so they can create papers that are more interesting to write and to read.
After graduating from the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 2006, Kat decided to pursue an MA in English with a creative writing concentration at Auburn University. There Kat participated in a graduate research assistant program that first placed her as an observer in the classroom of a more experienced teacher and then asked her to take a pedagogy class at the same time she herself was teaching. She found that this setup really helped her hone her teaching philosophy and pedagogy. A digital pedagogy course helped Kat to zero in on ideas that have shaped much of her teaching at KSU. When she became a lecturer on the Marietta campus of KSU in 2014, she began using her background in digital pedagogy to help students to examine the impact of digital tools on writing by asking them to use primary and secondary research while using the tools themselves. Kat has found that the technology focus of her class has worked well given the polytechnic focus of students on the Marietta campus.
In her composition classes Kat likes to combine a digital class theme with digital projects for which the students design the parameters. Her students have often used their background in the sciences to create “experiments” for analyzing a research question. One class became quite interested in what creates the viral nature of digital messages and videos on social media and the Internet. Kat and the students viewed the documentary Catfish, which concerns false social media profiles, and they paid attention to memes that had gone viral. Students then explored the ways in which those who post on social media are rhetors trying to convince audiences to pay attention to their work. The students attempted to create viral posts themselves, but realized that chance and time play important roles in whether an item goes viral. They determined that even if someone has all the right “ingredients” such as a cute kid, an attractive adult, an incredible stunt, or a grumpy cat, that it takes time for the post to reach a tipping point and that the four weeks they gave to the project was not enough time.
Kat has found that giving students their own agency concerning subject matter and research parameters and then assisting them with their ideas is key to teaching successful projects. She has found that students aren’t as completely set in their beliefs as older adults and so it’s easy to get them interested in examining a number of different ideas. Kat has asked students to explore ideas such as whether we are “post racial” in America and how language is used by politicians to manipulate an audience. She loves to teach students who take her for both Composition One and Two because doing so allows her to work with them more fully so that they can better understand their own writing processes and what works for them.
This coming year Kat will conduct some research of her own through the Center for Leadership and Engagement. Having earned a position as a LGBTIQ fellow for the coming school year, Kat plans on examining the ways in which the personal id shapes ethos through a mini-longitudinal study centered in the classroom. She is interested in whether LGBTIQ students become aware of themselves as speakers in a local community in unique ways. She is also interested in ways LGBTIQ students negotiate becoming part of a culture even as they may be subverting certain aspects of that culture. I am interested in how Kat’s research will tell the stories of individual participants as much as I am interested in the findings. Given the ways in which cultures set boundaries concerning who speaks in what circumstances and to whom, Kat’s findings may have valuable insights for composition teachers.
Sarah Creel: The Journey to Ithaca
I am not sure that a tenured-track job in which Sarah focuses on research concerning
Eliza Haywood is her “Ithaca”; however, I am sure she would enjoy partaking of such an adventure on the way to Ithaca. Sarah, a fan of C.P. Cavafy’s “Ithaka” (maybe the spelling with a “k” better hints at the poet’s Greek nationality), strongly believes that it is the journey not the destination that determines the quality of our lives.
Sarah’s journey began in Montgomery, Alabama, followed her husband to Salt Lake City, propelled her to Vancouver, British Columbia, and brought her back south to the metro-Atlanta area. More importantly her journey placed on her path two women who have mentored her and helped to steer her course. At the University of Montevallo, Sarah met Professor Kathy King, who set her on the path to an MA in English instead of a Masters in Education. King shared with Sarah her love of eighteenth century women romance writers as well as her belief that these women writers are the mothers of the novel who acted as precursors for the fathers of the novel: Daniel Defoe, Henry Fielding, and Samuel Richardson.
King’s interest in this field of study must have been catching since Sarah did accept King’s advice to pursue an MA in English. For her thesis she decided to focus on Haywood and one of her early novels, Fantomina. Like many romance novels of the time period, Fantomina concerns the seduction of the protagonist. However, this is where similarities ended. According to Sarah, while the protagonist is at first seduced because she cannot articulate well enough her non-consent, she later takes on agency through the use of disguise in order to pursue the man she has come to love.
Sarah’s interest in Haywood led her to Simon Frasier University (SFU) in Vancouver. Here she worked with Betty Schellenberg. Getting into this Canadian university was a bit different from what most of us did to enter a PhD program at a U.S. university. Sarah already had to know the focus for her studies and was asked to send a proposal concerning her focus before she could be admitted to the university. She then had to hope that Schellenberg, who is known for scholarship on the Bluestockings of the eighteenth century, would find her proposal worthy in order for Sarah to become one of the two students allowed per advisor at SFU. Sarah felt quite fortunate when Schellenberg agreed to work with her.
Sarah’s belief that Haywood was quite savvy as a novelist created some interesting research for her. Even though amatory novels such as the ones written by Haywood were considered low culture, they were read by a large population and Haywood took advantage of this. However, when it became clear that didactic novels were becoming the new trend, Sarah finds that Heywood changed the focus of her novels. Clearly Heywood understood market trends quite well.
In 2014 after completing her dissertation, Sarah went on the job market. While she received some nibbles for tenure-track work, she eventually took the one-year temporary instructor position she now occupies at KSU. During this past year Sarah has worked hard to increase her viability for a tenure-track research position. She has three papers forthcoming: “The ‘Long View’ of Haywood Studies: Tracing the Field” is forthcoming in Literature Compass. “I Know You Want It”: Teaching the Blurred Lines of Eighteenth-Century Rape Culture” (co-written with Emily Dowd-Arrow) is forthcoming in Alpha Behn Online, and “Teaching Eliza Haywood and the Theatrical Thirties” is forthcoming in MLA’s special pedagogy issue on Eliza Haywood. Sarah has also presented at three different conferences this past school year. In October of 2015 she presented a paper for the Canadian Society for Eighteenth Century Studies Conference in Vancouver. In November she presented a paper for the Aphra Behn Society Conference in Summit, New Jersey, and in April she presented a paper for the American Society for Eighteenth Century Studies in Pittsburgh.
Unfortunately positions in her field of studies are limited so she has not yet managed to find the job position she wants. She sees the current situation as part of her journey and finds that she enjoys teaching on the Marietta campus quite a bit. Sarah likes the ways students on the campus form a classroom community and support each other, especially for presentations. She finds that students clap for each other and encourage students who are shy or who have difficulties getting in front of class. Outside of the classroom Sarah joined other interested faculty members and students in running every Tuesday and Thursday at 11 a.m. for the “Couch to 5 K” training for the 5K Daffodil Dash on April 17th. I’m having a hard time seeing a 5K as a dash, but I’m sure that the name didn’t matter to Sarah—it was just one more opportunity on her way to Ithaca.
Conclusion
I started this project believing I was introducing people I know to others. I learned that I didn’t know the women I interviewed all that well myself. Here I have been working with Charlotte since 1999, Erin since 2009, Molly since 2013, Kat since 2014, and Sarah since 2015, and I learned something new about each of these people. I guess it’s not surprising that I, too, am guilty of seeing others as their socially constructed positions, and I’m glad to have learned this information about myself.
I learned that all of these women have made interesting choices in their life plans that eventually landed them in their current jobs. English often was not the first choice for college study. Having talked with two Kennesaw faculty members earlier this year about how students become English majors, it does seem that people often rule out English as a program of study at the beginning of their careers only reconsider after an impactful class. This raises interesting questions for me about how English as a degree program gets framed in our public discourse. Maybe we have all watched a few too many “news” programs that show college graduates with English degrees tossing fries at McDonald’s?
What I also learned is the important role mentors can play. Charlotte, Kat, Sarah, and Letizia were all fortunate to work with women who saw them as equals and who helped them become the people they are today. When I look back at my life, I think that the teacher who most affected my life was my third grade teacher, Sister Donna. I think I had the option of working more closely with professors in graduate school, but, to be honest with you, I am deep down a shy person who was always worried that I would be seen as a leech—someone attempting to use the other person. Now I think I probably missed an important opportunity to gain a lifelong friendship.
What I like about all of the women I interviewed is the way they have looked for opportunities in their lives, are intellectually curious, are creative and critical thinkers, and model these characteristics for students. I was surprised to realize is that none of the women in contingent faculty positions are parents (nor are Letizia and I). I first thought the decision might be due to the instability of their contingent positions. Many women in academe do attempt to balance career and family in ways that men do not have to consider.
For Sarah this seems to be true. She and I talked about how difficult it is to be looking for a full-time job and trying to figure out when to work having children into the picture. However, after talking with Erin, Charlotte, Molly, and Kat, I realized that they are a bit more like how I am. Motherhood is not necessarily a draw (for Charlotte and me this should be in the past tense—only a miracle could create a pregnancy at this time in our lives). Kat did indicate that motherhood while working as a lecturer in academe also seems to be a daunting task: timing a pregnancy while balancing a 5/4 load and then pulling together the necessary childcare takes a lot of effort.
Several of the women did mention the frustrations of working as contingent faculty. Erin is currently living with her mother because her salary doesn’t make it possible to meet the standards of living in the Atlanta area. She continues to consider opting for a job outside of academe. Erin, Molly, and Sarah mentioned that it can be frustrating to not get recognition for the hard work and dedicated scholarship and creative activity they bring to their jobs. The two-track system often feels confining since the box created for lecturers is so tiny. Because Sarah does want that tenure-track job, she finds that the current state of affairs in academe are troubling. Her friends and peers who are also recent graduates of doctoral programs are in similar situations. They are in post doc programs or are contingent faculty who continue to write and research and continue to go back on the job market waiting for positions to open up while questioning what they’re giving up in terms of quality of life.
Molly teaches her students about grit. It seems that more than ever it is grit that one needs to make it in higher education. Tenacity and effort keep all of the women continuing to work at what they love. Sarah depends on maintaining a vision of her journey and what she learns on the way. Her ideas remind me of my dependence on the Serenity Prayer: “God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.” I really struggle on the last part of the prayer.
I guess my closing question to everyone concerns whether we can change academia’s over dependence on contingent faculty. The AAUP laid out a plan for doing so in its most recent edition of Academe. Is the organization trying to hold on to a boat that has already sailed? Do we have the will to question current hiring practices? If not, do we at least have the will to create better working conditions for contingent faculty
Works Cited
AAUP. “Higher Education at a Crossroads: The Economic Value of Tenure and the Security of the Profession, 2015- 2016.” Academe. AAUP. April 2016. Web. 20 April 2016.
Gaillet, Lynée Lewis and Letizia Guglielmo. “Professional Development off the Tenure Track.” Blog Post. University of Venus: GenX Women in Higher Ed, Writing from Across the Globe. Inside Higher Ed. 28 July 2014. Web. 20 April 2016.
Gaillet, Lynée Lewis and Letizia Guglielmo. Scholarly Publication in a Changing Academic Landscape: Models for Success. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2014.
Guglielmo, Letizia and Lynée Lewis Gaillet, eds. Contingent Faculty Publishing in Community: Case Studies for Successful Collaborations. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2015.
Hammer, Brad. “The ‘Service’ of Contingency: Outsiderness and the Commodification of Teaching.” Forum. Fall 2012. NCTE. Web. 26 April 2016.
Steiger, Kay. “The Pink Collar Worker of Academia.” The Nation. The Nation. 11 July 2013. Web. 24 April 2016.The Carl Van Vechten gallery is home to the Stieglitz collection half the time; the other half, it’s housed in Arkansas. Credit: TONY GONZALEZ / WPLN
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
While Fisk University was fighting a drawn-out legal battle over the fate of a high-profile art collection, it quietly sold two other paintings in the school’s archives. That twist in the story was first reported Tuesday in the New York Times.
Former Fisk president Hazel O’Leary spent nearly a decade battling the courts, art lovers and alumni over whether a university that was deeply in debt could raise money by selling off two paintings donated by Georgia O’Keeffe as part of the Alfred Stieglitz collection. Ultimately, the Tennessee attorney general stepped in to block the sale.
But in 2010, the school sold two other paintings: one by Florine Stettheimer, the other by Rockwell Kent. The final decision was made by O’Leary and Fisk’s board of trustees “with the best interest of Fisk University in mind,” according to a statement from the university.
Ken West, a former Fisk spokesman who worked closely with O’Leary, says he doesn’t believe it was intentionally kept quiet.
“It might be new to some, but it’s definitely not new, and I don’t think it’s earth-shattering if you consider the financial condition the university was in at the time,” he says.
Universities often come under fire by the art world for selling high-dollar possessions when they’re in financial trouble. West says that point of view lacks context.
“It’s one thing to say, ‘Don’t sell the painting because it has a rich tradition and it’s very important’ — and that’s very true,” he says. “But I want the same people who are critical to tell these first-generation students that they can’t come back next year because there are no funds to provide them a scholarship.”
West calls the decision to sell these paintings a “last resort.”
Fisk University wouldn’t disclose the amount of money it received for the paintings. The art dealer who facilitated the sale, Patrick Albano of Aaron Galleries in Illinois, tells WPLN that the two pieces sold for more than half a million dollars each.
As for the art donated by Georgia O’Keefe, even though Fisk couldn’t sell it, the school ended up making a deal to split the ownership of the Alfred Stieglitz collection with a museum in Arkansas for $30 million.
In a written statement, interim president Frank Sims says the university has “thrived in a number of ways” since then. After being put on probation by its accrediting body, Fisk was put back on solid footing in late 2013.
“This year marks the 150th anniversary of Fisk University,” Sims writes. “We have celebrated our many accomplishments, including the re-opening of the Carl Van Vechten Gallery, the return of the Alfred Stieglitz Collection of Modern Art, an increase in university enrollment, and the addition of a Fulbright scholar to the Fisk faculty, among other accomplishments.”
This story was originally published on July 27, 2016.
The skies are a little friendlier for drones now that the Dutch police have suspended their squad of drone-hunting eagles. This is also great news for retailers, as drone popularity continues to soar with overall electronics...more
Revising its guidance on internal assessments and highlighting the importance of managing cybersecurity within supply chains, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) released the second draft of Version 1.1...more
Back in December 2016, Amazon executed its first customer delivery by drone in the United Kingdom. Now, as Amazon, and other large retailers, aim for widespread deployment of drones for the delivery of goods to consumers, it...more
The Drone Federalism Act of 2017, introduced by U.S. Senators Dianne Feinstein, Mike Lee, Richard Blumenthal, and Tom Cotton, seeks to “establish a process for federal, state, local and tribal governments to work together to....
Last week at the PacSec security conference held in Tokyo, a new device capable of fully infiltrating radio-controlled drones was unveiled by researchers. This new device exploits a vulnerability in the frequency-hopping...more
New NHTSA guidance represents the federal government’s first attempt to develop a comprehensive regulatory structure for automated vehicles. This transformative technology offers vast promises and significant concerns...more
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) plans to fly unmanned aircraft systems (UAS; commonly known as drones) this month beyond visual line-of-sight of their operators to test planning, tracking and alerting...more
In June, the National Technical Information Service (NTIS) promulgated a final rule setting out the requirements to become certified to access the Death Master File (DMF). The final rule amends the DMF certification program..
Consensus was reached in a proceeding of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) of the U.S. Department of Commerce on a set of privacy best practices for the commercial and recreational useguys just want to ask... if im going to follow the steps in the READ me text file of the nvidia driver, how many percent will the installation be successful? ? ? coz il be depending on the textfile for me to be able to install the driver... thanks in advanceFile:FHIR.png
From HL7Wiki
Temporary FHIR Logo
File history
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
- You cannot overwrite this file.
File usage
The following 3 pages link to this file:
Copyright © Health Level Seven International ® ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The reproduction of this material in any form is strictly forbidden without the written permission of the publisher.READING:
- My main reading goal for 2017 is to get my TBR pile down to ten books or less. (I originally was going to say zero but then I wouldn’t have anything else to read and then where would I be?) In order to help me achieve this goal I have decided to initiate a book buying ban for as long as I can possibly hold out. I would love to to be able to not buy any books until my goal is reached but that isn’t really realistic for me.
- Read more. Basically I want to read more books this year than I have in the past. I tend to average 50-60 books per year. Last year my goal was 75 but I only ended up reading 54. I could have easily reached my goal but for some reason my reading is sporadic. I will read 7-10 books a month for a few months but then I will go a few months not reading a single book. It’s insane! (and really confusing).
- Goodreads reading challenge: 75 books
WRITING:
- I started writing a novel during NANOWRIMO and got to around the half-way point but after a lot of planning and plotting I changed enough little details that I have to basically start over. My goal for this year is to finish my first novel. I would like to get it to the point where I am able to publish it but if I manage to finish the first draft then I will be happy.
- My writing goal is 500 words per day, five days a week (aka Monday-Friday).
- I usually plot a few chapters at a time instead of plotting the entire book at once (because like the first point says… I change my mind a lot). So, my goal for plotting is to do at least two chapters per week. However, if my writing is faster than my plotting I will do more.
- Editing: in the past I have completely stopped writing in order to edit. That book was never finished. So, this is more of a limitation than a goal. I am allowing myself one day a month to dedicate to editing. (keep in mind that most of the editing occurs after the first draft is finished).
BLOGGING:
- Scheduling: I just started my blog this year so I have been posting a lot recently just tying to get it up off the ground. Eventually I will be posting on a regular schedule. My goal is to post three days a week. I haven’t figured out which days those will be yet though.
- Expanding: As with every blogger I am sure, I want to get more followers and find more people that I can interact and share thoughts with. I love giving recommendations and getting them myself.
- Integrating: I want to integrate my blogging with my other social media sites. I currently have a Goodreads account, a Twitter account, and an Instagram account. I want to be able to bring those all together like extensions off each other.
- Creativity: I want to brainstorm and get unique ideas for posts other than just reviews, TBRs, and wrap-ups.
- Reviewing: I want to write a review for at least 3 out of every 5 books that I read.
LIFE:
- I’m not going to say the traditional (I want to lose weight or exercise more, etc) but I do want to find some type of martial arts class. I am a member at the YMCA and they have classes but I want something I can progress in and get better, not just a community class made for everyone.
- I just recently moved back home so I am also looking for a job. I hope to find one in my field of study so I can get some experience.
- School: I am applying for graduate school in the fall.
Those are all my resolutions for now. They seem like a lot but most of them all go together. What are your resolutions for 2017? (Bookish or otherwise) I would love to know.
Advertisements
2 thoughts on “2017 Resolutions – Reading, Writing, and More!”
Wonderful list of goals! You read like I do (binge-read for a while, then zip for a while), haha! Best of luck with everything on your list. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks! And I am going to try to be better about that this year. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personLondon trap/bass group Raylo recently delivered their debut single for Ultra Music, ‘Winner’ – which has seen incredible success, particularly after Pot Noodle used it in their latest ad. We chatted to the guys about the single and more…
What first brought you all together as a collective?
We are all from the same area in west London. Rux and George worked in the Saga centre where all the studios are, everyone just gravitates towards that place.
Who does which roles within the group?
Reece and Teni write the toplines and vocal melodies. Rux and George write the music and do the production/mixing.
How did Ultra first notice your work?
That came about because of the Pot Noodle ad. Nathan at Bright Young Things put the track in front of Ultra when the ad started going viral…. It just kicked off from there.
Where did the inspiration for ‘Winner’ come from?
To be honest, it is pretty obvious. We just wanted to do big positive track that’s full of energy and gives a good a message.
It got picked up by Pot Noodle for their most recent TV ad – how did that affect the reactions to the single?
People have been amazing. It’s been crazy seeing the response, and a positive response just makes you want to keep writing.
What comes next for you guys?
We already have new tracks ready to drop. Once the buzz from ‘Winner’ dies down we’ll start dropping them and see how they go down.
Will we eventually see an album?
We kinda have enough material for two! Rux and George ghost write for a lot of people, before you know it you look in your iTunes and material has just stacked up… Let’s just see what happens!Pebbles from a lonely beach – Jagannath Chatterjee
First published in Medico Friend Circle Bulletin: Issue 363-364, January-February 2015
I am here to try and write about my experience with the fond hope that it will help parents, doctors and caregivers understand what their loved ones, patients or wards are going through. It will not be a pretty picture. What people with health issues go through has never been fully described in any medical textbook, cannot be mapped through clinical tests, is not subject to rational thinking, and does not limit itself to the label flung at the patient in the form of a diagnosis.
Health depends upon how the authorities or experts understand it. If the understanding is correct it culminates in health and happiness. If the understanding is partial or improper suffering spreads like the plague. If the understanding is shaped by forces that have no intention of ensuring health, suffering becomes the norm. If the intention is to profit, suffering is eulogized and people feel proud to be classified on the basis and extent of their suffering. At such times people should do well to fend for themselves and take health into their own hands, keeping away from the 'experts'.
Can we separate health issues on the basis of which part of the body is affected? If a patient has cirrhosis of the liver can we say that only the liver is sick and the rest of the body and mind continues to be in an optimal state? To understand this one needs to look at the patient as a whole and develop interest in what s/he narrates in the consulting room. “Oh I feel so depressed doctor. I am so anxious about what the future holds for me. Can you cure me?” Not one word about the liver. The patient is more interested in the ‘me’.
That reminds me about what a psychiatrist told me when I had gone to him un-chaperoned and narrated to him my problems. “Who is it that is telling me that ‘I have lost my mental balance’? Is it the mind itself or is it something behind it?” He went along to tell me that this was often a discussion in psychiatric circles.
I used to be normal. I was quiet and observant as a child. I had a sense of humour and friends would be wary of my pranks. I could also withdraw from the world as I dipped into books I loved to read. Even as I was growing up I noticed qualities in persons that I did not approve of. I hated selfishness, greed, meanness, cruelty, disrespect for elders, and the lack of fellow feeling towards living beings. Negativity repelled me and I remember being protective towards people subject to it. Physically I used to suffer from bronchial asthma which confined me to the local library in winter months. I had a tendency to catch a cold.
My parents tell me I was extremely healthy at birth. My favourite sport was rolling off the bed and playing on the floor. Even putting pillows all around me did not help and no one had ever heard me cry from the fall. I continued to be healthy till I suffered a severe bout of green diarrhoea. My health deteriorated after that. If you read the DPT vaccine package insert green diarrhoea stands out as a side effect. So does bronchial asthma.
As my father was a central government employee medical care was not a problem. I was medicated with whatever the doctor suggested. I have also been vaccinated against smallpox, polio, typhoid, cholera and tuberculosis, either in hospitals or during vaccination drives in my school. My health did not improve despite the costly tonics I consumed regularly. The doctors said my immune system was weak and thai I had probably developed asthma because I was afraid of school. What a load of crap, I remember thinking and gave Dr Ghosh a piece of my mind. He was taken aback and never raised the subject again. Later I used to guide the doctors of the Air Force Hospital in the base my father was posted in on exactly what I was going through and they developed respect for me. They used to encourage me to take up medicine.
My vaccine injury just as I was readying myself for a career in medicine plunged me into a crisis from which I can never recover completely. I was affected at all levels possible. Normally when you fall sick you strengthen your mind and resolve to get well. In my case the mind itself had gone haywire.
I have written ‘affected at all levels’. How do I describe it? I was sick from the night I was given the shot which I later learnt was the Measles Mumps Rubella (MMR) vaccine. I tossed and turned in bed, had disturbed dreams and woke up into a new world. Everything seemed strange around me. The sunlight looked surreal, the sounds seemed to come through a medium that twisted them, time seemed to have lost meaning, and the only thing that was real was the thought that something was terribly wrong with me. My skin became overtly sensitive and I avoided all touch. I developed headaches so severe I got relief only from banging my head on the wall. My eyes ached as I looked at the light and I developed the habit of looking sideways at things. My eyesight deteriorated rapidly. I faced body coordination problems and felt tremors all over causing me to contort my body for relief. My intestines acted strange as if a constant churning was going on in it. I developed a habit of walking on my toes as my soles had become extremely sensitive and painful.
This was just the beginning. I started experiencing memory problems. Nervousness and panic attacks followed. Public speaking was my forte but I stopped as I broke into a cold sweat whenever I attempted it. I used to stop mid way if I pushed myself as I would lose thread of what I was saying. I felt extremely tired all the time as if I had just run a marathon. One night I awoke with a start to find that my legs had gone cold. What was creepy was that the coldness started progressing upwards. When it reached my heart I sprang up from the bed and screamed. My worried parents did not know what to do. I was taken to a doctor who told them it was just an allergy and gave me an antihistamine. I slept and when I woke up in the morning I was again cold all over and thinking about suicide. This became a regular phenomenon.
I developed nightly diarrhoea. It was profuse and exhausting. I started dreading the nights even more than the days. I had turned a recluse and my friends were full of questions for which I had no answers. I lost weight rapidly and soon I was a skeleton. I could sense a throbbing sensation in my chest as if someone was squeezing a gland there and it was getting smaller by the day. Doctors said that was the region of the thymus gland but not to worry because it was important only for children. Later I learnt that the thymus was a very important part of the immune system and that it shrunk only in populations that had embraced the modern civilization. In tribal and others who stayed away it retained its size and function even in old age.
I developed a pain in the region of the spleen that made me bend double and roll on the ground screaming. I had a peculiar cold accompanied with violent sneezing. I used to sit beside a pan with my hands on the head to ease the pain as a steady stream flowed from my nose. The doctors tried to help but held back whenever I uttered that dirty word, ‘vaccine’. They said it had nothing to do with any vaccine I was given. When I persisted I was told that I was suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder. They said if I persisted with the ‘vaccination theory’ I would go to a mental institution. I knew that I was being threatened.
My descent into hell continued. My memory problems and panic attacks became worse by the day. I developed a fear of traveling as I would have memory lapses. My mother always slipped a note containing my name, address and contact numbers into my pocket if I had to travel. When I traveled by train the sound of the train’s whistle seemed to enter my innards and I used to panic with a great menacing emptiness descending into me. When I used to get down at my destination I often could not even remember my name let alone know why I was there in the first place. I used to sit down somewhere with my luggage and instinctively rummage through my pockets for the note. Often before I could get to that the person assigned to receive me would have arrived. Nearer home I would wander and then suddenly find myself in a place without any idea about how I got there.
What troubled me the most was the way my thoughts betrayed the strong value system that has been the back bone of my life. I hated negativity and here I was full of it. I would shake my head vigorously to throw away the thoughts that assaulted me. I would visit temples during my wandering phases and lie prostrate before the idol begging to be rid of them. Had I not read in homeopathic literature that toxins and heavy metals corrode the mind as well I would have either given in to them or built a fire and cremated myself to escape the trauma and humiliation.
I lived from day to day. My body seemed hell bent on destroying itself. A severe burning sensation all over the body made my life miserable. I was attracted by fire and had the impulse of jumping into it. When I rode my scooter I used to look at the vehicles rushing towards me and fight off the impulse to crash into them. The all pervading pain that persisted relentlessly made me scream and throw furniture around. My parents told me I groaned and sobbed all through the night. I had nightmares about being pushed into a coffin like room from which there was no escape. Every night I would go to bed hoping that the morning would not come.
What kept a part of me sane even as I was on a roller coaster trip to the land of extreme anguish and pain? It was my memory of being in control prior to the shot – an escape route denied to most infants and children vaccine injured before they come to grips with the world. Despite my memory problems, anxiety and panic attacks, and bipolar disorder I could still manage to read and write and I clutched to this small window of opportunity that helped me occasionally grasp a lung full of air. I pulled these abilities together to read up on homeopathy to help myself and also launched a full scale campaign to warn others of the dangers aided by immunologists and doctors who supplied me with their research papers, findings and experience.
I was a lunatic yes, but could I be compared to the system that pushed me into the state? Even as I was going through such a terrible experience my whole effort was directed towards warning others about the procedure that was causing harm. My heart ached for the children who were experiencing what I, as an adult, was unable to tolerate. Can we say the same thing for those who push such procedures for the sake of profit? What kind of a mentality, what kind of a heart, and what kind of an upbringing do these people have? Are they fit to be members of any civilized society? Do they deserve an iota of the respect they demand? Surrounded by sycophants these maggots feed upon suffering. They are the ones who are insane, not I.
We talk of the increasing incidence of mental illnesses and the need for infrastructure, trained manpower and policies to attend to those who are affected or who will be affected in future. My insane advice would be to consider the many factors lying in plain sight that are causing the spurt in cases and try to stem them so that people are spared the ‘benefits of care and treatment’. That is the best pebble I can offer from the lonely beach that I am stranded in.
3 comments:
Namaskar Jagannath ji,
Many thanks for sharing your experience.It is very heartening to know there is someone in my home country who is so aware and sharing the info. I would like to reblog this with a link to you and also exchange more info if you are happy to do so. I have researched this issue several years now and help out parents who have children with similar problems. It is heartbreaking. I sincerely wish you well and hope your problem is in the past now. regards.
Yes, you can. ThanksHealthy Snacks Articles
Life is super busy for all of us, we’ve got so several factors that we want to do each and every day – take the youngsters to college, workout, go to operate, cook – the list never ever ends! Any coupon code is entered following clicking the Purchase Now” button after the item is in your cart. Easy healthy snacks starring three sorts of cheese do not come around too frequently, so take advantage! Bring healthy snacks with you so you are not temped to get less nutritious snacks when on the go. Veggies with a hummus dip- Hummus is effortless to make (here’s our recipe) and delicious to eat!
Setting up these patterns as early as achievable is the greatest crucial to setting our kids up for a long and healthful life. These can not only fill nutritional gaps in a teens diet plan, but they are also filling and satiating! Whether it really is fueling up prior to hitting the fitness center or taking a midday snack break to keep away from the two p.m. lull, higher-protein snacks are the tastiest way to keep on going.
Right here are some concepts that you can try to make your children healthy and full of energy. The great point is that we can play a key part in producing a healthful life for our little ones. This is ok if it’s not as well often hopefully your close friends will listen to you about perhaps having far more healthy snacks for the kids next time. Real meals on the go is one of the trickiest feats in mastering a complete foods diet plan.
Healthy Snacks To Go attributes diaper-bag friendly snacks that are toddler-authorized and will aid your household be prepared for the classic contact of, Mom, I am huuuuungry!” You’ll also locate sophisticated recipes like Wheat Thin Style Crackers and Spelt Biscuits, along with two bonus sections: Fundamental Snacks for the Absent-Minded Eater” and Reduced Waste Well being Lunch Packing Tips”.
These are exciting to make and when you add some hummus to it, the little ones eat significantly less pretzels because your snack is far more balanced. Just be positive to add these items to your buying list so the next time you go for groceries you will buy these healthier possibilities. This choice is very good when divided into smaller portions for a single or two little ones.i met ed at 6am for hill repeats. we choose to stay away from wilke as i'll be doing 3M this weekend & we wanted to change things up anyway. i don't recall the street name but it's just a few blocks shy of coming to wilke & it starts with a long steady incline & then jets way up. it was good, i got my lucky 7 repeats in.
great day at the office too (first time i've introduced work to my blog). it involved a lot of talking & not e-mails, responding to fires, or writing docs all day. i had a 2 1/2 hour lunch with my boss at kenobi sushi (a new sushi restaurant in the arboretum where dan mcclusky's used to be) & when i returned to the office i took gene, one of our senior systems architects, over to the steeping room in the domain where we enjoyed a reserve oolong tea & edamame while we discussed the R&D required for a pretty cool new project that i can't talk about publicly (NDA & stuff). i do enjoy being able to step outside the office to work; especially really focused work where the effect of a new environment lets you explore new ideas.
finally & why i started this blog... so i left the office just in time to make it down south for 7:10 swim practice with t3. it was freezing - 36 degrees & i prior to stripping down to swim i was only wearing a short sleeve shirt & a thin jacket - i should have checked the weather more closely this morning. i suppose the news of dropping short term interest rates by the federal reserve & the ongoing talk about a recession distracted me. back on track brian - get to the point!
2000 meters into my swim my left foot cramped up. i was able to shake it off luckily & keep going. then 500 meters later my left calve totally seized up & it hurt like hell! i was helpless in the water & done for the night. the calve muscle basically locked up for a good minute & now two hours later & it is still sore. lesson to be learned here - stretch & ensure you have the right balance of electrolytes in your system. i suppose i'll have to start taking nuun again.
long story short - cramps suck & so does 36 degree weather!
3 comments:
oh man cramps while swimming are the worst. i used to get them in my feet ALL THE TIME. i was always told it was because i needed more potassium in my diet....bananas, tomatos, etc...
nuun!
Hey there! So Rainbow Bend, I would have to send you a map with link. I can do that. I have been working out with the Wildflower Team on Wed mornings which is a hill workout at 545 AM, and it kicks my ASS. But I love it! I am training with Texas Iron for IM. I am swimming with T3. I get my weekly schedule from Texas Iron. I just like the run/bike workouts a little better and it's a bit cheaper on my wallet.The of the Earth, Greenpeace and four cities that claimed they would suffer environmental and economic damage from global climate change.
The plaintiffs were four cities, three of them in California:
In the lawsuit, the four cities – Boulder, Colo., and the California cities of Arcata, Oakland and Santa Monica – claimed they would feel the environmental impacts of those faraway projects. Oakland argued its airport next to San Francisco Bay could be damaged by sea-level rise associated with global warming, while Boulder claimed warmer temperatures could affect the snowpack it relies on for its water.
The district judge had previously refused to dismiss the suit for lack of standing. Thus, this settlement can be traced to the Supreme Court’s pioneering ruling on climate standing in Massachusetts v. EPA.The Usher: A Lovely, Clean and Funny Short Story Classic Short Stories
Cora, an elderly woman walked into her local St Michael’s Church. The friendly usher greeted her at the door and helped her up the flight of steps, ‘Where would you like to sit?’ he asked politely.
‘The front row please,’ Cora answered amiably.
‘You really don’t want to do that,’ the usher said, ‘This vicar is really boring.’
‘Sonny, do you happen to know who I am?’ Cora inquired, looking directly at him.
‘No.’ he rejoined.
‘I’m the vicar’s mother,’ Cora announced indignantly.
‘Do you know who I am?’ he asked.
‘No.’ she said.
‘Good,’ he answered and disappeared.
AdvertisementsDracula places the legendary vampire in turn-of-the-century London and seems to cast him as an anti-hero, pitting him against an Illuminati-type organization that controls the world from the shadows and wronged him somehow in the past. Weirdly, despite casting Jonathan Rhys Meyers, who I only think of as “handsome British guy who seems like an asshole,” they have Dracula pose as an American industrialist, so he uses this fake accent all the time.
The show is kinda dumb. But it’s on Friday nights, I don’t watch anything else then (for a while, anyway), there are some attractive women in it (Huntress from Arrow is the main attraction), and there’s a sorta steampunk (or… is there a thing like electropunk? it’s like fantasy Tesla type stuff) thing going on, which I find more interesting than the plot or characters. So I might keep watching for a little bit because I have no life anyway.Canada Business Corporations Regulations, 2001 (SOR/2001-512)
Full Document:
Regulations are current to 2017-12-11 and last amended on 2016-05 in respect of the filing, examination or copying of any document or in respect of any action that the Director is required or authorized to take under the Act, set out in column 1 of an item of Schedule 5,
(2) No fee is payable for the issuance by the Director of
(a) a certificate of amendment issued under section 178 of the Act, if the only purpose of the amendment is to add an English or a French version to a corporation’s name, or to replace a corporate name that the Director has directed be changed under subsection 12(2) or (4) of the Act; or
(b) and (c) [Repealed, SOR/2010-128, s. 21]
(d) a corrected certificate issued under subsection 265(6) of the Act when the correction is required solely as the result of an error made by the Director.
(3) For the purpose of subsection 49(2) of the Act, the prescribed maximum fee for the issuance of a security certificate is $3.
- SOR/2010-128, s. 21.
Repeal
Coming into Force
99 These Regulations come into force on the day on November 24, 2001.
- Date modified:This was a 3 piece travel set in perfect condition for $1 for all 3 pcs.
Makenzie also got the American Girl PJ's for $10 which included the doll PJ's and the child size...her size and both of them had slippers and a sleep mask! Too cute!!
She also got the Greece outfit for her and the doll for $10 including the matching necklaces for both of them!
Kenzie's clothes
Since Makenzie is dancing so much she is wearing out the knees in all of her dance clothes because they have several slides in their dance this year so I bought her 8 pairs of dance pants and they were .50 cents each, 3 outfits that are 2 or more pcs per outfit for $1 each and a cute Christmas dress for $1, 2 camo shirts, 1 leather jacket $1, a pr of black velvet pants and shrug both from Justice for $1. Actually most of these clothes were from Justice which just happens to be Kenzie fav. store.
Kevin and I didn't get anything but that's OK we don't really NEED anything! It sure was fun shopping for my kiddos though. Have you gotten a good find on anything lately???
Now, who wants to go garage selling with me today or tomorrow???The classroom of the future is moving to mobile phones, and reaching farther into India thanks to a new partnership between Ericsson (NASDAQ: ERIC) and IGNOU (The Indira Gandhi National Open University). Ericsson will build a 3G environment for students to download IGNOU course contents. They can also get SMS alerts on their mobile devices.
Professor V N Rajasekharan Pillai, Vice Chancellor of IGNOU, says: "Our University is founded on the idea that education should be offered to less advantaged sections of society. With Ericsson's help, we will create a learning platform that uses mobile devices to build educational excellence and exchange information. Our students will benefit from the flexibility of learning at their own pace, any time, anywhere."
Gowton Achaibar, President of Ericsson India, says: "This partnership is yet another proof point of telecommunication being key for development of society. Education using mobile broadband technology will provide an efficient and economical way to get content to students in distance learning programs."
The government in India has recently begun promoting higher education in the country, where only 15 percent of students currently reach high school. Similarly, India is suffering a shortage of teachers with higher degrees and 50 percent of college professors teach without a master's degree or a PhD.
IGNOU was set up to pioneer open and distance learning. It offers various academic programs leading to Certificates, Diplomas and Degrees. The university has more than two million students enrolled, in India as well as in 34 other countries.
Gowton Achaibar adds, "We have a clear opportunity to use India's rapidly rising teledensity to bring the advantages of broadband to the world of education."
Notes to editors:
Photos of signing ceremony and Gowton Achaibar will be available here: IGNOU
IGNOU has been established by an Act of Parliament on 1985. In relatively short period it grew into a giga university by 2004 and by 2006 it grew into the world's largest among universities of all types. Its students strength is about 2.5 million worldover. IGNOU has 62 Regional centres, countryside, nationwide. The Regional centres through 2,340 study centres. The university is present in 34 countries with 53 partner institutions abroad.
Mandated to take education to the doorsteps of people, IGNOU today disseminates education to over eight (8) million homes through the Edusat-mediate beams of DTH services. Increasingly IGNOU is putting into applications the latest Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) to reach out to the unreached in the remote areas of rural India.ndation all pop thanks to a medley of warm stonework. Romantic arched windows, French doors, and shutters carry out the home?s French-inspired theme, lending this home a patina well beyond its true years.
New House Inspired by Old French Country Cottages
Indoor and outdoor pics. Long Pak and Dan Carters team up to create "Maison Des Bois," A French Estate.Search
Free Essays
Free Passports Essays
Whether a passport can be revoked or not has been
Whether a passport can be revoked or not has been
PAGES
4
WORDS
Whether a passport can be revoked or not has been a major question since the mid- 1800\'s. Haig v. Agee is a landmark Supreme Court case charging that the Secretary of State can not revoke a passport on the grounds that the power has never been granted by the Congress to the Secretary, and that revoking a passport violates the first and fifth amendments of the Constitution of the United States. Not only does the Secretary of State have implied powers, but revoking Agee\'s passport did not violate any laws or rights.
In Haig v. Agee, the defendant claims that the Passport Act of 1926 does not grant the Secretary of State the right to revoke passports. However, the Passport Act does state that the Secretary of State is the only person who can grant and withhold passport applications. And based upon later provisions, the Secretary can withhold applications if the party is involved with illegal activities. If the Secretary of State can grant and withhold passports, was it implied by the Congress that the Secretary has the powers to revoke passports?
"The Secretary of State may grant and issue passports, and cause passports to be granted, issued, and verified in foreign countries by diplomatic representatives of the United States . . . under such rules as the President shall designated and prescribe for and on behalf of the United States, and no other person shall grant, issue, or verify such passports." 22 U.S.C. 211a (1976 ed., Supp. IV).
Since the Congress did not specify who has the powers to revoke passports, it should be assumed that because the Secretary is the only person who can grant passports, they are the only ones who can revoke passports on grounds of illegal activities, such as treason. If you consider that
View Full Essay
Related Topics
Passports, Haig v. Agee, United States passport, Freedom of movement under United States law
More Free Essays Like This
GUN CONTROL OR NOT
Haig v Agee Power to Revoke Passports
Nuclear Strikes
Vote No For Quebec To Be Separate From Canada
The Reign of Terror
Immigration-1
The first immigrants to the territory now the United States were from
History is said to be written by the winners but is it possible to rew
Whether a passport can be revoked or not has been a major question sin
John Lennons Assassination
The Woman Warrior A story of a lost fight
To what extent is the title Tzar Liberator a true description of Alexa
The July days nearly saw the Bolsheviks in ruins By October they had l
Terrorism and the International Court of Justice
The Hoa Lo Prison Camp
A Farewell To Arms By Ernest Hemmingway
Gandhi the movie a story of one man's devotion to his religion opened
Ernest Hemingway once gave some advice to his fellow writer F Scott Fi
Table of ContentsPage
What would you do if you were dying from an incurable disease and you
Oliver North
Immigration
The Roots of Judaism and Christianity
Jimi Hendrix
Campaign Finance Issues
Iraq A Country on the Rise
Terrorism As An International Phenomenon
Immigration Problem with Too Many Immigrants in the US
Terrorism And The United States
Tell Me Lies by Jennifer Crusie
CHECK YOUR ENGLISH VOCABULARY FOR LAW
Stereotypes and IdentitiesSt. Anne's AGM
St. Anne's Camogie Club held their AGM on Tuesday 5th December 2017.
Chairperson Una Caraher thanked the outgoing committee, coaches and mentors for all the time, effort and commitment that they gave to St. Anne's throughout the season. As with all clubs, we rely on volunteers to keep the club running effectively and St. Anne's have been blessed in this area throughout our 53 years in existence and indeed we are very fortunate to have some very committed, talented and skilful administrators, coaches and mentors keeping Camogie alive in Togher.
2017 got off to a start when the St Anne's U 13s went into action in the 2017 Gormanston Indoor Competition which ran for 6-weeks across January and February 2017. The St Anne's team produced some great performances and gained great experience through participation in the tournament which will surely stand to them in the future.
It was also a busy start to the year for the club who ran a 5-week Indoor Camogie Tournament in Drogheda Leisure Park from Saturday 25th February to Saturday 25th March. St Anne's was represented by the rising stars in the U 8s, U 11s and U15s all of whom represented the club very well against teams from across County Louth and adjoining counties. The U 15s were congratulated on their third place finish in this hard fought, fast moving and exciting competition.
Throughout the year our Juvenile players participated in blitzes and competitions all over the county and beyond and are honing their skills well. This is clearly evident from the number of players who have been playing at inter county level. Particular congratulations was extended to St Anne's players whose skills and efforts have been noted at inter county level.
There was some disappointment too when the for the first time in its history the club went unrepresented at senior level. Those attending the meeting recognised the importance of senior level representation.
St. Anne's would like to thank the following:
Players at all levels.
Parents and family members who are always on hand to help when asked.
Naomh Fionnbarra GFC for the use of their pitch and facilities.
IFM, Mullins Cross, Dunleer for their kind sponsorship towards our 5-Week Indoor Tournament
Sponsors
Togher Info, LMFM, Hoganstand, Drogheda Independent and Dundalk Democrat and the Argus for their coverage of our matches and events.
To all who continue to support St. Anne's fund raising efforts including our very successful bake sale and through weekly lotto subscriptions.
Election of Officers for 2018
Chairperson
Una Caraher
Vice Chairperson
Mary Connor
Secretary
TBC
Asst Secretary
Helen Traynor
Treasurer
Ann Harrington
Asst. Treasurer
Nicola Connor
PRO
John Duffy
Insurance Officer
Connie Crehan
Children's Officer
TBC
Delegates to County Board:
Martina Crehan
Orla O Connor
Executive Committee:
Una Caraher
Mary Connor
Finance Committee:
Nicola Connor
The club is set to have another busy year in 2018 and planning has already begun for the 2018 indoor season. Once again St Anne's hopes to be represented by a Juvenile team at the Gormanston indoor tournament and once again we intend to run an indoor tournament for U8s and up at Drogheda Leisure Park.
With a view to developing and training a senior panel for the 2018 season, a meeting is planned for all senior level, U 17, U 16 and U 15 players. This meeting will take place in the Club rooms in Naomh Finbarra on Tuesday19th December 2017.
Perspective new members and players at all ages and skill levels are always welcome at any club event. For more information, contact, Una Caraher 087 6388983, John Duffy 087 2375073 or find us on facebook - StAnnes CamogieClubHey There Potential Partier/Super Slider/Bodacious Bouncer! We are having our biggest sale of the year this Memorial Weekend. Kick off summer with Blast Zone’s best prices of the year! To celebrate, we are giving away a Pirate Blaster Inflatable Water Park to one lucky winner. Share with your friends to earn more entries (Or you could buy one for $170 OFF)
You can re-enter the contest every 24-hours to increase your chances to win!
Be sure to follow Blast Zone on our Blog, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram accounts. Not only will we be posting helpful articles and industry news, we will be hosting giveaways on a regular basis throughout 2015!
26 thoughts on “Pirate Blaster Inflatable Water Park Giveaway”
Would love this for the kids
TY
Looks like fun
Amazing !!
oh my kids would love this since we have no pool for the summer and cant afford anything lie that good luck everyone
I would love to win this for my grandchildren
This would be amazing! Good luck everyone!!
My boys would never stop playing on this!
Go good with my kids new back yard
My daughter would have the most amazing summer with her friends ty for the chance!
My three daughters will like it so much!
This could even be a town or at least neighborhood summer treat. Our town has broken down our town pool which was open to all residents (finally); it is one of the country’s oldest pools. But it was so damaged over the years, they finally put the money in (from us paying). to renovate. So it is closed for the spring and summer!
If I got this, I think I would share it with the town!
Sweet!!
that looks like a whole lot of FUN!!!!!!!
this thing is awesome my kids would love this thanks for the chance to win blast zone
Amazing giveaway! Thank you for the chance!
i really really hope i win i really really need and want this for my kids
We have 8, soon to be 9, grandkids all under 7yrs old. We could have so much fun with this !! Thank you so much for giving this away !!
My grandson and all the kids in are trailer park would love this ! This perfect for keep them busy this summer ! There is nothing for them to do here . This is perfect ! Fingers crossed I hope to win ! Ty
Keeping I mean . Oops
My granddaughters would love this to play at grandma and Grandpa’s house. Thank you Blast Zone for the chance. I just ordered the Hydra Rush slide and it already shipped. Can’t wait to get it.
AMAZING giveaway! Thank you for the chance! I follow on all media
Awesome prize-I hope I win!
Nice!
Hi,
We live in Florida and have had inflatables in the past that we tend to throw away because we get a lot of rain in the summer and they tend to mildew easily. We were thinking of buying the Pirate Blaster can you tell me the best way to keep this clean as well as keep the water clean in the pool area or is it recommended to empty the bottom out everyday? Also, is there something that you can put underneath to protect your grass? We would probably use this everyday so I am just trying to figure out how much work I will need to do to keep the kids happy!!
Hi Jill,
For cleaning, we recommend spot cleaning the inflatable as needed with a gentle solution of soap and water. Typically, you can check for dirty spots as you take it down and store it after each use.
To avoid mold, always dry your inflatable completely after each use and be sure to store the inflatable in a cool, dry place after it has been dried completely. Never leave the inflatable out overnight, even if you have dried it. Moisture from humidity or morning dew, or storing the inflatable when it is not completely dry can lead to mold or mildew.
As for tarp, placing one underneath the inflatable can help with keeping the inflatable clean of mud or grass but in warmer climates the heat can become trapped under the inflatable, especially when used with water. You may be able to protect from this by avoiding setting the inflatable up in the same spot everyday.
Sincerely,
Blast Zone SupportSo this past summer was, was, how do you say.. EPIC! lol I had an awesome summer. well two weeks off from work that is. which was in summer. I learned, loved, and laughed lol :3 i had so much fun and an experience in Vancouver, and my other travels though out the US. I first went to Vancouver for my summer intensive, at the Vancouver Film School (VFS). And then headed off to travel the west coast of the US. went through Washington, Oregon, and California. The heading our way back from Cali through Nevada, Arizona, Utah, Idaho, then Montana. The our final Stop… Home. Alberta 😀
I was sad that our trip was over, but i’ve learned how big the world actually is. and that’s just(not even) half of the US, North America for that matter. Cannot wait to explore the rest of the World(Asia).
I am currently going through footage that i caught during our Visits of California’s Disneyland and Universal Studios. And of course just for kicks, our Las Vegas stop 😀
I will put them up via Youtube. To show how cool it is over there. I will also put High Quality pics, instead of facebooks (dumbed downed) low quality pics.
I will update later. I felt so behind on my blog(s) update(s) so i’m going to make this one an Epic(ally) Big! 😀 or atleast try to :3
first off, Vancouver!
well when i first found out about the school, I was astounded on how much of a reputation it has towards the “Arts”. Film, Digital design, Acting, Video Games, Etc etc. It’s Actually so epic! So when i saw a chance to find out whats it all about, i definitely had to take the opportunity. So i paid for my flight(s) and booked a hotel for the week (of). And when the time came, I was So excited! It was just me and my brother, in the epically awesome City of Vancouver.
It was so cool being in a new city, haven’t did any travelling as an adult, so why not now. and at the time i felt like i was dreaming. it was all too much to soak in. But at the school(VFS) was even more awesome. Everything about the school was awesome. the ppl who were taking the week intensive with me, and the teaches, and the students attending, were all so cool. everyone just seemed so happy. happy what they were doing, and where they could be heading. all i could think was..when do i start? haha god i did not want to leave.
My favourite classes were probably, Sound design, Digital design, and script writing, and acting. acting only because of the script structures, and what not. really interested about that. Sound design was awesome, would definitely consider it. Script writing, because i like writing, stories, poems anything that could be a movie or short film/ and or animation. But Digital design is my true love. haha :3 Game design was pretty awesome as well. definitely would go into that, if i want to after a year of digital design. I have so much to talk about(write/type).
Ok so during my stay in Van City, there was the fire works of the world or something like that. and mexico happened to be happening at the time. And they were extremely beautiful, and Epic! haha.
here’s some video(actually it’s like a epic montage of my trip, so enjoy!)
Vancouver 2010 pt1
Pt.2
Sep 19, 2010 @ 07:22:42
hi again
Sky
Dec 01, 2010 @ 06:48:45
makes me want to drink alchoholic beverages
Jan 14, 2012 @ 02:43:24
Hey bro I hope your dreams come true! Vancouver is a pretty amazing city isn’t it? I came across your blog when I was searching up info on VFS, I’m from Alberta too and I really hope to be able to go to VFS’ Summer Intensives this summer! Your vids are pretty good; camera quality is great and I loved your edits, esp the music! What program did you use? Anyway, awesome blog and never stop believing man!Again we had over 100 entries for our last challenge so our DT members have chosen 3 winners and 3 wonderful entries for our top 3 badge. Pop over to our blog HERE to see all the details of this fortnight's challenge which is sponsored by Fresh Brewed Designs and also Beccy's Place, each of which are offering 3 digis to the winners of this challenge.
I chose 2 images and came up with these ATCs:
Come on then, what are you waiting for...........
3 comments:
Oh I like both of them, but got a huge giggle from the 2nd one, hugs
These are fab!
thanksI’m trying to let it go,
All the feelings I hold,
Turning doubt into faith,
It completes me.
My mind says one thing,
But my heart knows all things,
Is there somewhere they can meet?
I wrap my head around the light,
It pours out of my skin,
Every dark place has openings,
That’s where you’ll find me.
I’m a chaotic masterpiece,
Colored in different shades,
You can’t paint in-between the lines,
That’s too normal.
I write about you,
To escape me too,
You can’t control me.
I’m trying not to let it show,
The darkness you’re trying to let me know,
So I release you.
Verses..
Me vs you.
I burn fear.
So I burn you.
Jade Hayek
AdvertisementsNews
Beef Shipment Declared Unsafe02 March 2015
RUSSIA - Veterinary inspectors from Rosselkhoznador have turned back a consignment of beef being exported from Ukraine into Crimea because it did not have the correct certification.
The shipment of 12 tonnes of beef in quarters was seized at the Crimean checkpoint of Dzhankoi.
The meat had been shipped from the Pervomaysk Mykolaiv region of Ukraine and was destined to go to a merchant in Yalta.
Roselkhoznador said that on inspecting the shipment, the vets found the undeclared carcase quarters along with goods that had been declared.
The inpsectors said that the quarters had not been tested for safety and posed a potential risk to human health.
The shipment was declared unsafe and returned to Ukraine.
.
TheMeatSite News DeskConnemara Whirlpools
I was driving aimlessly around Connemara one day and noticed an unusual rock outcrop just off the road. Beneath a little overhang was this little pool fed by a small mountain stream. The eddying water made for a nice long exposure. A camera can be a great tool for showing us the world in ways our eyes can't see it.Vita/Bio
Leslie Cohen graduated with a bachelors degree from Washington University in St. Louis and a juris doctor degree from the University of New Mexico School of Law. She practiced law in the area of civil litigation for many years in both the private and public sectors. She brings to the position extensive experience in developmental disabilities advocacy and policy as well as broad based community connections with stakeholders in government agencies, self-advocacy and family groups, provider agencies and ADD network partners. Ms. Cohen's experience includes over ten years as Executive Director of the Arizona Center for Disability Law, Arizona's protection and advocacy system. She has been a long-time member of the Arizona's Developmental Disabilities Planning Council, including as Chair of its Public Affairs Committee. She has served as a consultant to organizations in Arizona and nationally on a wide variety of strategic planning, management and substantive disability issues and as a peer program reviewer for the Administration on Developmental Disabilities and the Center for Mental Health Services..Melvin S. Drozen advises clients on a broad spectrum of FDA, FTC, USDA and EPA (pesticides) regulatory matters, ranging from premarket approval requirements for food additives, dietary supplement ingredients, drugs, and medical devices to advertising and labeling provisions applicable to all of these products.
Prior to joining Keller and Heckman, he was an Assistant District Attorney in Brooklyn, N.Y., and then an attorney in the General Counsel's Office of the Food and Drug Administration for seven years. At the FDA, he represented the agency in a variety of food and drug litigation and provided agency personnel with counsel on food, drugs, and veterinary product matters.Mr. Drozen's practice also extends to the international regulation and requirements for food and drugs and he has interfaced with relevant regulators in South America, Europe, Asia and Australia on these subjects. As part of his practice, Mr. Drozen also frequently counsels clients on topics being considered by the various committees of the Codex Alimentarius Commission and the International Conference on Harmonization.
With his partners, Mr. Drozen regularly teaches a seminar on "Practical Food Law." He also frequently lectures on a variety of other food and drug topics including food and drug safety and good manufacturing practices. Mr. Drozen is AV®Preeminent™Rated by Martindale-Hubbell and was selected by his peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America® 2016 and 2017 practicing FDA Law.
Attorney Client Commentsdaughters.
AKA: Avaze Gonjeshk-ha
Director: Majid Majidi
Producers: Sushil Tyagi, Majid Majidi
Writers: Mehran Kashani, Majid MajidiRely on the top recommendations from former Elko tourists who have seen it all, done it all, and reviewed it all! Number one on Trip Advisor is the California Trail Historic Interpretive Center, a favorite for locals and tourists alike. There’s also the Northeastern Nevada Museum where you’ll find a fascinating collection, helpful tour guides, and new exhibits on a rotating basis.
The Humboldt National Forest is a great place for hiking, mountain biking, birding, and taking photos. The Western Forklife Center whisks you back in time to the Wild West. It’s a great family friendly activity that gives unique insight to the Elko area.
Something for Everyone
At the Sherman Station Visitor’s Center, you’ll get the inside scoop on the latest events and festivals. Head to Good Time Charlee’s for great food and fantastic karaoke nights. JM Capriola Co. is an old fashioned shop that locals frequent and where you can pick up some one of a kind souvenirs.
The Crystal Theatre plays new and old flicks, and is the perfect choice for a quaint date. Elko Cinema 6 is another option for movie lovers. No matter who you’re traveling with, Elko never disappoints when it comes to entertainment!Randl Named to CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects Game
Lancers to be Represented for Second Straight Year
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Ralston, NE – Omaha forward Jack Randl has been selected to participate in the 2017 CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects Game on Sept. 21 in Buffalo, N.Y., USA Hockey announced on Wednesday morning.
Randl, 17, was selected to play in the game, which is made up of the 42 best American-born players that are eligible for the 2018 NHL Draft. The rosters are selected by USA Hockey and NHL Central Scouting. The game will be held at the KeyBank Center in Buffalo, N.Y., the home of the Buffalo Sabres.
“It’s a huge honor and it will be fun competing with and against the best players from around the country,” said Randl. “It’ll be a great experience and I’m really looking forward to it.”
Last season the Carpentersville, IL, native record 19 points (9g, 10a) in 59 games for the Lancers.
127 players who appeared in the CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects Game have been taken in the NHL Draft, since the games inception in 2012. Former Lancer Brannon McManus appeared in the 2016 CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects game.
Puck drop is set for 6:30 pm CT on September 21. NHL Hall of Famers Brian Leetch and Chris Chelios will serve as head coaches for the two teams.
Full, partial season tickets, and ten-game flex packs are on sale now! For more information call the Lancers office at (402) 344-7825, or go online to.
Stay up to date with the Lancers by following the Omaha Lancers on Twitter @OmahaLancers, “Liking” the official Omaha Lancers Facebook page, and following the team on Instagram.?
Summer<<
Japanese film at #LFF 2012 October 21, 2012Posted by ayasawada in Anime, Film.
Tags: Anime, Japanese movie, London Film Festival, Mamoru Hosoda, Takashi Miike
1 comment so far…)
Children…)
Nendoroid Madoka June 9, 2012Posted by ayasawada in Anime, Loot.
Tags: Anime, Figure, Good Smile Company, Kaname Madoka, Madoka Kaname, Nendoroid, Puella Magi Madoka Magica…)
Hyper Japan 2012 February 26, 2012Posted by ayasawada in Anime, Culture, Film, Japan.
Tags: Aso Natsuko, Fuse Eri, Hyper Japan, Natsuko Aso, Satoshi Miki
add a comment
keatl’s photostream on Flickr.
I spent my Saturday at the Hyper Japan event, which came a little early this year.
Slightly bigger, but still with the distinct smell of slight disorganisation, it was a lot of fun. Not so many bargains (though I did end up spending more than last year, mostly on DVDs >_<), and missing some folks from previous Hyper Japan’s like Good Smile Company, Hobby Japan, Square-Enix and the maid cafe, but nevertheless there were a good range of stalls and some excellent shows. (more…)Joe Sixpack: New Draft Master lets you pour beer yourself
By Joe Sixpack
Philadelphia Daily News
Daily News Beer Reporter
FIRST THEY made us fill up our own gas tanks, and I didn’t speak up because I ride the bus.
Then they forced us to scan and bag our own groceries, and I said nothing because my wife does the shopping.
Then they told us to pour our own draft beer and . . . um, hey that’s not such a bad idea, is it?
Introducing the Draft Master, the first do-it-yourself tap system for bars. The unit, installed at barroom tables, allows customers to pour their own drafts without waiting to flag down the bartender.
About 15 Draft Masters, including one at Tir Na Nog in Center City, have been installed nationwide so far. They’re already in about 400 in pubs across Ireland, according to Declan Duggan of Ellickson International USA, which produces the units.
“It’s like manna from heaven,” said Duggan. “Now you can pour your own perfect pint.”
I gave one of the units a test drive a couple of weeks ago and immediately grasped its appeal. Just give the waitress your credit card and fill ’em up. A digital readout tells you how much you’ve poured.
“It’s a conversation piece,” said Tir Na Nog manager Ken Merriman. “People see other customers at the table, and they want in on the fun.”
The twin towers pour two different beers – say, Guinness and Carlsberg – each chilled to its proper temperature. The faucets rotate, so you can just spin the taps toward you instead of getting off your butt to pour. No gushing, no spritzing, no sloppy mess – just pull on the tap handle and you’ve got a fresh draft ready for guzzling.
Sitting atop a well-crafted high-top table plunked down in front of a wide-screen TV airing the World Cup, the Draft Master draws an instant crowd. “It’s the best seat in the house,” said Duggan. “People actually call ahead to reserve the table.”
For those concerned that the do-it-yourself units may allow you to overdo it yourself, Duggan noted that the system is preset to pour about 10 pints. It’s not much different from serving pitchers at tables, he said, adding that the Draft Master is currently legal in 27 states.
They’re also practically dummy-proof, with high-tech gas monitoring equipment that mixes precise levels of CO-2 and nitrogen to produce optimal suds. (The monitoring also means that bars don’t lose money on spills: When a customer overflows a glass, he pays for every drop, even if it goes down the drain.)
It’s a primarily a gimmick, of course, like karaoke for bartender wannabes.
But it also represents a serious paradigm shift and not just because the serious job of pouring the perfect pint should be handled by a pro.
Beer drinkers go to the bar for more than just the beer. In today’s secular world of get-out-of-my-face individualism and isolation, the bar is the last great melting pot. We go there to rub elbows and interact – and that includes jabbering with the bartender.
The bartender as social commentator, sports expert, therapist, gossipmonger, bookie, tour guide and comforting friend would not exist if the beer tap were an ATM.
If we all poured our own beer, there would be no Old Mr. Boston Official Bartenders Guide, no jokes that begin with “a guy walks into a bar,” no Coach, no Woody, no Moe.
On the upside, there’s no need to leave a tip for do-it-yourself pints. Somehow, though, a few dollar bills seem like a small price to pay for a bit of human contact.
Also, how am I going to cop a free pint from a machine?
“Joe Sixpack” by Don Russell appears weekly in Big Fat Friday. For more on the beer scene in Philly and beyond, visit. Send e-mail to joesixpack@phillynews.com.
Read more:
Watch sports videos you won’t find anywhere else.
Advertisements
Boyer Rickel
March 28, 2009
from reliquary
The beaked and opalescent bloodied
stump my dog nudges—a chunk
of pigeon in shadow. Things known
Read the rest of this entry »Out dated Baking
I have a cousin , by marriage, that has an amazing career as a cook. She not only writes a blog , she writes cookbooks and does TV and radio shows about her cooking. You can check out her blog at
Her post today was very interesting to me. She listed how long ingredients for baking should stay in your cabinet…ooops….I have to admit I was shocked by some of these dates….No wonder my bread didn’t rise this winter.
So fuss up girls…other than the chocolate chips…because of course who would leave them un eaten for 18 months….is your baking stuff out dated?.
Thanks for mentioning my blog! I have been so busy lately, that it has put me behind on reading my favorite blogs, and just now saw this post.
Thanks again!
LindaEndless Copter : Ruch
A downloadable game
Hi, Thank You for showing interest in "
Endless Copter" project. It is far away from finished! But it is how it is from one developer which programs and did 2D&3D art same time.
This one ir big brother from my other project "Flappy Copter". Diferenc is in - grafics, performance and added google play.
How to PLAY:
- Tap and hold on the screen to get lift
- Release to glide down
- Collect fuel to fly longer
- Collect Wrenches to fix Your Helicopter
- Avoid air and ground obstacle.
- And have Fun!The Christian Meditation Group that was started by Fr. William Eckert, continues to meet. The Wednesday afternoon group follows the teachings of Benedictine Fr. John Main. Meditation is an ancient form of contemplative prayer that seeks God in the silence and stillness beyond word or thought.
We welcome all who are interested. For more information please contact Mary Kerwood or Helen Healey.
AdvertisementsIndiana University Bloomington
Indiana University Bloomington
IU Bloomington
Receive email notifications on new books and special sales. Save 30% on your next online order when you sign up.
Horned Armadillos and Rafting Monkeys
The Fascinating Fossil Mammals of South America
Croft, Darin A.
Is Birdsong Music?
Outback Encounters with an Australian Songbird
Taylor, Hollis
Rising Tides
Climate Refugees in the Twenty-First Century
Wennersten, John R.; Robbins, Denise
Tails from the Exotic Feline Rescue Center, 25th Anniversary Edition
McCloud, Stephen D.; Taft, Joe
Fulfilling the Promise
Privacy Notice | Accessibility Help
The Trustees of Indiana University,Source: Human Events: Opinion: Ann Coulter: ‘Save Us From Paul Ryan And The Kemp Boys’: How Speaker Paul Ryan Will Benefit The GOP
Apparently to be considered a Conservative with the Tea Party/Far-Right base on the Republican Party, you have to hate Barack Obama. See him as a criminal, be willing to shut down the U.S. Government to get exactly what you want and repeal at any cost anything that the Obama Administration was able to get passed through Congress in their first two years. On policy grounds Representative Paul Ryan the most likely incoming Speaker of the House, is inline the Tea Party on 99% of the issues that they care about. But he’s more interested in tactics, vision and governing, then fighting the good fights and losing badly. Representative Ryan, is a legislature. He came to the House of Representatives to legislate and accomplish certain policy objectives. The Tea Party, is not about governing, because to govern in Washington especially in a divided government you have to work with the other party.
A Speaker of the House, who can’t work with a President of the other party, the Minority Leader of the House when controversial legislation has to be passed and they don’t have the votes to pass it on their own side, who can’t work with the Senate Leadership regardless of which party runs it, won’t be Speaker for very long. Because the job of the Speaker is to govern and not just pass legislation that gets blocked, or voted down in the Senate, or even it makes it out of the Senate and gets vetoed by the President. The Speaker, is not a political activist, but a the leader of their House Caucus and the leader of the House as well. He’s not there simply to do whatever the most vocal and active political activists in their party want to do, but to govern. And again if your party doesn’t control the presidency, you have to work with the other party in order to do that.
Paul Ryan, by far in a way is the best candidate for Speaker that House Republicans have. Wouldn’t be my choice for Speaker as a Democrat, but just at the House Republican side right now, I’m not sure they have anyone who comes close. Paul Ryan, doesn’t need the Tea Party, or to be a member of the House. Doesn’t want to be President, or run for the Senate, or even Governor of Wisconsin. There are plenty of other jobs that he could be doing in Washington, or back home in Wisconsin. Unlike John Boehner, he doesn’t need the House Republican Conference. But they need him if they want to be looked at as a responsible governing party again. That can take two steps forward without stepping on one of their own toes. Or put their gun back in their holster without shooting off one of their toes. A Speaker Paul Ryan, would mean that the House could function again and that Congress could function again. Because the Senate would know there’s now an adult in charge of the House.Engineered to perfection
I finally got around to finishing my listen through of Brave New World. It’s certainly deserving of its place on numerous ‘must read’ lists, a fact which was increasingly evident the more and more engrossed I became. I first discovered the book upon researching the beautifully evocative song of the same name and quickly became aware of the novel’s status as a classic. Having already discovered my fascination with the dystopian genre in George Orwell’s Nineteen-Eighty-Four, it was the next logical progression.
Aldous Huxley’s vision of the future takes place several hundred years on and is certainly a terrifying one. Although, its underlying problems are not all together evident immediately. The opening few chapters of the book deal with the new age process of reproduction, how the need for mothers has been completely eradicated by biological science and technology. Parents no longer exist. Humans are born outside the womb, in perfectly controlled conditions. Disease is no longer an issue. An unorthodox situation for a culture so rooted in family values like us to consider but perhaps not altogether awful. Imagine if we could breed ‘perfect’ humans, immune to all known diseases? Not such a bad thing. Of course, truths begin to emerge that ‘perfect’ humans are not created, despite having the ability to do so. “Community, identity, stability”. The three words which the govern the creation of humans of varying mental capacity, those made for express purposes. Those who will be born laborers and those who will die laborers. Conditioned from birth to accept whatever values are required of them. And so the framework for a fascinating tale is laid.
While Nineteen-Eighty-Four and Brave New World are similar in many ways, their differences are much more striking. As a pair of dystopian books, they complement each other extremely well. Both describe a suppressed society, but the manner in which this ultimate goal is accomplished differs wildly. In Orwell’s vision, the people’s freedom is forcibly taken from them. In Huxley’s, the desire for such freedom simply does not exist. Orwell controls the population with fear, while Huxley does it with kindness. I suppose it begs the question, does being directly controlled and manipulated even matter when one is happy? I would argue yes, it does matter. Manufactured happiness isn’t really happiness at all.
This was supposed to be a ‘review’ of sorts, although it quickly degenerated into something else entirely. Suffice to say, Huxley’s imagination of the future is one worth indulging, almost essentially so.
If you’re interested in dystopias, you might wanna try reading Zamyatin’s “We.” It’s the novel that inspired Orwell to write 1984, and it is fantastic.
With regards to “Brave New World,” I’d rather have knowledge than innocent happiness. It kind of reminds me of the story of the Garden of Eden–blissful paradisaical ignorance, or knowledge with all of its flaws?
I’ve heard of ‘We’ actually, it’s on my ever growing ‘to read’ list! I agree with you, knowledge with all it’s flaws is a heavy burden to carry but most definitely preferable to being shielded from the truths of the world.Description
- Easy to install
- Measure soil moisture in two layers
- Includes mobile app
- Access to our application
- Works on solar energy
- No annual costs
- Expert support
R19,950
An easy to install soil moisture station with a smartphone app and access to our online platform. The Sensetion provides you with the current soil moisture status of your fields always and everywhere.VOL. XXVI 2017
Tuesday, January 16th
"Reporting on the Fringe"
Jenny's Birdhouse
The DnD Improv Show X
The DnD Improv—The Gas Station
The beloved fringe staple is back and bigger than ever before! They have seriously upped the production value for this year. Displayed the whole time is an interactive map where the DM (dungeon master for all the newbies out there) can show exactly where and who everyone is. I never had trouble in the past following along, but this helped even me out a great deal when I couldn’t quite remember what a character was called (there are 12 after all). Always funny and quick witted the cast brought all of us on a fun romp again. I did feel at times that the cast seemed a little two quick to jump in and sometimes ended up talking over each other. It was always reigned in however but the masterful DM or one of the more senior players. Another job well done and can’t wait to see next years adventure!
Kaitlyn KrissProduct Details
- Listing categoryUnique featuresExclusive to Pinkoi, Customizable
- Exclusive Order - Valentine's bracelet
Use custom models matte white volcanic rocks and turquoise
◆ ◆ jewelry care instructions
- Elastic thread bracelet, try to put in a sliding manner while wearing the wrist, to avoid pulling.
-
- Taiwan shipping
- Int'l shipping
- PaymentSecure credit/debit card payment, PayPal, Alipay
- Refunds & Exchanges
Sunday, September 26, 2010
Now, That's More Like It . . .
Remember how I needed more VEGGIES? Well, I was actually exhausted from our latest adventures, and lack of good, balanced nutrition. I couldn't motivate to shop for food, nor could I think straight to come up with a plan. But I could stand in front of my open refrigerator and wait a moment for inspiration to strike. And strike it did, in the form of leftover gnocchi, which were as hard as little pebbles until I reboiled them for a couple of minutes. That's all it took to revive the gnocchi's pillowy, springy, comforting tenderness. To this I added some marinara sauce from a jar, warmed with a couple of big spoonfuls of olive tapenade, also from a jar, a minced garlic clove and a gigantic handful of raw spinach. This delicious, spur of the moment creation nourished body and soul so completely that I had to sit there and eat most of it with my eyes closed, in gratitude. Much better. Let's hear it for veggies!
Looks delicious!BY Julie Jones | Jun 10, 2014 11:00 AM EDT
Actor Kim Soo Hyun has been a hot topic in China since his latest drama "You Who Came From The Stars" became so popular there.
Interest in everything about him and the drama has also unfortunately also led to the circulation of some unfounded rumors. One of those rumors concerned the fact that he was so handsome. The rumors suggested that his good looks were the result of plastic surgery. The rumors reached the media and eventually even reached Kim Soo Hyun.
Chinese reporters asked the actor if he had gone under the knife, saying they knew that plastic surgery was popular in Korea. The question created a tense moment in which the media thought that the actor would be offended.
While an estimated one in five Koreans does have some plastic surgery, the actor said he has not had any procedures done. He chose not to be offended by the question and answered it very calmly.
First, he said, not everyone in Korea has plastic surgery.
"I'm young," said Kim Soo Hyun. "So I don't need it."
If you look at younger photos of the actor, he has obviously always been attractive.
Lately k-drama actors have been more open about having work done. And it's not always older actors who are making changes. Nam Goong Min, who appears in the comedy "Wild Chives and Soybean Soup" and the variety show "We Got Married," said he received Botox injections to smooth out wrinkles.
Lee Da Hae, who stars in "Hotel King," says she has done some remodeling of her face. She had a nose job and double eyelid surgery. She also had work done on her body after she lost some weight.
Lee Si Young, who appears in "Golden Cross" modified her facial features decades ago but only admitted to it recently.
Kim Yoon Hye, who appeared in "Flower Boys Next Door," also owned up to having work done, including changing the line of her jaw to make it more V-shaped.
Go Hyun Jung, last seen in "The Queen's Classroom" also says she made a few adjustments here and there.
Plastic surgery is becoming more common in South Korea, especially nose jobs and eyelid surgery. It's generally considered an investment, especially if your career depends on your looks.
But Kim Soo Hyun looks great just the way he is and should not alter his features. His fans might agree.
Latest Articles
Latest Photo Slide ShowsWelcome to the St. John's College “Friends of Music on the Hill” online giving page. By making a gift to the St. John’s College as a Friend of Music on the Hill you are supporting the annual summer concert series that has become an institution for the entire Santa Fe community. Thank you for your support.
If you have any difficulty with this form or with making your gift, please contact Advancement Services at 505-984-6184.FORUM ON BEER, HOMEBREWING, AND RELATED ISSUES Rob Gardner, Digest Coordinator Contents: Breweries & Pubs in Manchester UK (Al Marshall) malt powder (Jill Martz) Bottle labels (Dion Hollenbeck) PH malt / acid rest / carboy storage (Lee=A.=Menegoni) Brewpubs in San Diego? (Jan Holloway) Re: Homebrew Club Gone Stale? Probably not. ("Roger Deschner ") Re: Post-boil wort handling question. (korz) Evergreens in beer (kstiles) Re: Belgian Special B (Matthew Rowley) (Spencer.W.Thomas) Basement Brewing (fjdobner) CNY Clubs (Barrett Peck) Wyeast Packages And Bursting (John DeCarlo ) Hops FAQ, Postmortem (npyle) Beer Head/ Best Bitter Recipe/Pnts AAU Calcs? (COYOTE) Plumbing (npyle) Another immersion chiller ("Steven W. Smith") Keeping the club healthy (WESTEMEIER) The Two Millers (Phil Brushaber) California Common (John_D._Sullivan.wbst311) informal get together in San Diego Dec 7-10? (Robert Schultz) Re: Hops FAQ (Jim Busch) Oatmeal Stout results! (Jim Graham) Brass in the boil ("Palmer.John") one-pot brews (RONALD DWELLE) sterilization options/procedures (Y Y Zed) Frogs?/Cider/Scotch Ales (COYOTE) Counterflow chillers (Jim Cave), 1 Nov 1993 08:22:30 -0800 (PST) From: alm at ibeam.jf.intel.com (Al Marshall) Subject: Breweries & Pubs in Manchester UK If anyone could be of help suggesting breweries or pubs worthy of visit in the vicinity of Manchester, please reply to: ketans at ibeam.intel.com Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 1993 11:41:53 -0500 (EST) From: Jill Martz <SAL_MARTZ at sals.edu> Subject: malt powder We are relativey new at homebrewing and I was wondering if anyone could tell me about diastatic malt powder. Can it be used in homebrewing? What would be the effect? Reply to: SAL_MARTZ at SALS.EDU Thanks...Jill Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 08:42:42 PST From: megatek!hollen at uunet.UU.NET (Dion Hollenbeck) Subject: Bottle labels I would like to make some labels for my bottles, but a little more creatively than I currently make with WordPerfect. A friend has Corel Draw and that would be fine, but I do not have several hundred dollars to spend on software. Can anyone suggest software for DOS or Windows, (or even X for that matter) which would be suitable to make *really* nice bottle labels with? Must have lots of fonts available and it would be really nice to be able to fit text into any shape (like in a crescent shaped banner). thanks, dion Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 10:51:37 EST From: Lee=A.=Menegoni at nectech.com Subject: PH malt / acid rest / carboy storage RE: PH malt The poster claimed to have problems getting his Ph in the appropriate range even with the addition of a large amount of gypsum. I am no chemist but this sounds like a water chemistry problem. I don't know if the term "buffering" describes what is happening but something in the water is preventing the gypsum from lowering the Ph. Brewers I know of with similar, but not as severe, problems with their private well water do the following. Boil 7-8 gallons of water the night before brewing. Let it cool over nite and let the percipitate settle too. Siphon all but the last couple inches the next morning. They also use a gallon of distilled water in the mash and the rest from the preboiled and siphoned suply thus diluting the offending ingredients. Don't sparge to the limit, 1.010 temp adjusted, to limit tannin extraction. They have also had water analysis done and brew styles that are appropriate for the water chemistry. There are ways of getting the water analysis done for free or near free. Many plumbing supply stores provised this service if you are shopping for a water treatment system. Acid rest: This step is described by Noonan in Brewing Lagers, most texts provide this information for theoretical completeness, it is rarley done in commercial brewing. The recent beer styles book on Wheat Beers also includes a discussion of multiple steps of acid rest as important in producing certain compontents of a wheat beers flavor and aroma. These all involve ezymatic reactions resulting in the generation of specific acids. Carboy storage: After cleaning I cover the carboy opening with a sandwich bag held on with an elastic band. I cover the carboy with a second large bag and store it on an open shelf. Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 1993 12:20:29 -0500 From: holloway at ezmail2.ucs.indiana.edu (Jan Holloway) Subject: Brewpubs in San Diego? Greetings, brewfolk. I'm attending a conference in San Diego at the end of this week (though most of next) and would greatly appreciate your recommendations for brewpubs and microbreweries in the area. Thanks in advance! - --Jan Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 1993 11:00:29 CST From: "Roger Deschner " <U52983%UICVM at UIC.EDU> Subject: Re: Homebrew Club Gone Stale? Probably not. Your club is probably doing just fine, as long as you keep everything in some kind of beery perspective. The Chicago Beer Society *STARTED* in 1977 as a beer drinking and socializing club, and wound up with a bunch of us weirdo homebrewers joining and taking over. We haven't taken over completely, and probably never will - the Chicago Beer Society continues to bill itself as a beer appreciation AND homebrewing club. The serious homebrewers operate as a committee within the club - with a lot of overlap with the aficionado segment. Is this an entirely peaceful arrangement? No. There are periodic disagreements about the future direction of the club, and the answer to the question: "Which way will it go?" is usually "Yes." And finally, are we the ideal model? Probably not. But we are quite comfortable with the fairly large number of Chicago Beer Society events which are not specifically related to homebrew, as long as things stay in balance. For instance, this month, November, we are having our annual homebrew competition, the AHA-sanctioned Spooky Brew Review, and we are also having our annual International Tasting. I'll be judging at one, and indulging at the other. I know I haven't answered your question; in fact, I may have made it more difficult to answer. Just another perspective, though. Roger Deschner, Member, Chicago Beer Society. Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 11:26 CST From: korz at iepubj.att.com Subject: Re: Post-boil wort handling question. Michael writes: . <snip> . <snip> It would help make it easier to assess the source your off-flavor if you had described it a bit more. In any event, I see two areas in your technique that could cause off-flavors: 1) Hot-Side Aeration (HSA) and 2) slow cooling. Both of these problems can be solved simply by building/buying a wort chiller. You should really avoid aeration of wort until you have cooled it below 80F (of course some oxidation still occurs, even at 80F, but 80F seems to be a generally accepted temperature). Oxidation of hot wort will give you off- flavors and darken the beer. The off-flavors associated with HSA are sherry-like and wet cardboard. The long time between the time that your wort stops boiling and the time that it drops below 140F is not good since DMS (a cooked-corn-like aroma) is being produced while the wort is between boiling and 140F. Finally, the long time between the wort dropping below 140F (or so) and the time that the yeast are really going is an invitation for infection. No matter how well you sanitize, you probably cannot sterilize your equipment (or the air around it) and something gets in. If you can have your cultured yeast eat up all the sugars and make some alcohol and lower the pH before the uninvited visitors get established, you can keep the off-flavors from nasties below the flavor threshold. A long, slow cooling of the wort is just an invitation for the nasties to get a jump on your yeast and to create enough off-flavors to be perceptable. Get a wort chiller. Al. Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 12:35:19 EST From: franc!kstiles at woomera.att.com Subject: Evergreens in beer There has been quite a bit of discussion about spruce beer lately, with comments about hemlock (the evergreen) tea, and most recently an interesting botany lesson from Edward F. Loewenstein <SNREDLOW at MIZZOU1.missouri.edu> on the Pinaceae family. Every year when I make my annual Spruce beer I wonder about other evergreens - pines, hemlock, and especially fir. I have some balsalm fir and Douglas fir, but since all references are to Spruce beer, I've confined my experiments to the picea genus - Blue, Norway, White and Black Spruces. I never tried the spruce extract that you can buy; maybe too much of that can give you a solvent taste, but it is virtually impossible to get anything like that with fresh sprigs. Most of the flavor seems to be extracted by the boil - I don't notice much affect from late kettle additions or "dry sprucing". You can definitely make a beer that's too sprucy, but it's not unlike making a beer that's too hoppy - a lot depends on the preference of the drinker, and in any case the solution to "too sprucy" is the same as for "too hoppy": dilution with a more conventional beer. Any insight on the use of evergreens besides spruce? Will I be forced to pilot brew a balsalm fir ale? What would Euell Gibbons have done? -Kevin Stiles Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 14:16:15 EST From: Spencer.W.Thomas at med.umich.edu Subject: Re: Belgian Special B (Matthew Rowley) Brian comments that Special B would probably make a good start on a Scotch Ale recipe. Well, I had the same thought recently. Tasting notes follow. Scottish 120/70 Made 3 gallons 120/- ("Wee Heavy") and 4.5 gallons 70/- 12 lbs Pale Ale Malt (Hugh Baird) 2 lbs Munich Malt (DeWolf-Cosyns) 1 lb Special B (DeWolf-Cosyns) Single temp infusion mash at 67C for 1 hour (1 quart H20/lb) 120/-: Sparge 4 gallons in two batches. I drained the mash tun once, then added a couple gallons of 77C water and drained it again. Boil 1 hour, adding 1 oz Goldings at beginning, and finishing with 1/2 oz Goldings (10 min). (Target IBUs 35) O.G. 1096. Force chill, pitch YeastLab Irish Ale yeast from 1qt starter. Fermented at about 55F. At 2 weeks, gravity was down to 1032, and I pitched the slurry from another quart starter of YeastLab London Ale yeast. Tasted nicely malty and alcoholic. I'll probably pitch new yeast at bottling time, as beer this alcoholic seems to have trouble carbonating. 70/-: Sparge 5.5 gallons (normal technique, keeping water about 1" above grain). Boil 1 hour, with 1 oz Goldings at start and 1/2 oz at finish. (Target IBUs 24) O.G. 1038. Fermented at "cellar temp" (65F?) for 2 weeks, then "mini-kegged" with gelatin finings, as it seemed to still be a little cloudy. Finished at 1010. Tasting notes: nice malty notes, with a medium-low hop bitterness (probably a little high for the style). Color medium amber. Easy to drink a lot of it. I served this at a party for a Scottish friend who is leaving town, and I was a little nervous about its reception. However, they thought it was pretty closely on target, although the color was light. I got compliments on the beer from all the Brits (Scottish and English) present. Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 13:30 CST From: fjdobner at ihlpa.att.com Subject: Basement Brewing Mathew Harper asked for tips on planning an area in your basement for dedicated brewing. I do not have a dedicated area, but rather serves several purposes. One of the things I did put in was a range hood. I had heard from other homebrewers that they spend hours wiping down walss from all the moisture that is generated from the boil. The moisture is an open invitation for mildew and all types of creapy crawlers to take root in the floor joists. I went out looking for a range hood at a garage sale and found one for $10 at the first place I stopped. I suspended it from the ceiling with cables. I used a dryer vent package that includes the 4" hose and the actual vent itself that goes to the outside. I used it fro the first time two weeks ago. Works like a champ. I really recommend it. Write me if you want to know more. Frank Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 12:21:07 -0800 From: bpeck at ash.cisco.com (Barrett Peck) Subject: CNY Clubs Brewers - I am a relatively new brewer having made my first beer last month. I'd like to get more info and understand more of what I'm doing and what the beer is doing throughout the process. Is there a club in Syracuse, NY of Brewers? If so, please let me know. This appears to be something I'd like to get better at doing. - -- Barrett Peck -- bpeck at cisco.com Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 15:48:28 EST From: John DeCarlo <jdecarlo at homebrew.mitre.org> Subject: Wyeast Packages And Bursting Drew Lynch mentioned he would be curious to see if the Wyeast package would burst. Thus my story. I forgot about a package of Wyeast American Ale (don't ask me how, but I have small children). I ended up using some of my existing yeast stock on that batch. Two weeks ago, cleaning up around the computer (I keep them warm by wrapping in a towel and keeping near the computer until they get big), I found one that I had "burst" three and a half months earlier. "What the hey", I said, and pitched it into a starter anyway. The package was *less* puffed up than it would normally be at max--don't ask me why. The starter tasted and smelled fine and the beer tasted fine going into the secondary. I suspect the yeast suffered but pulled through like troopers. I *don't* think the current packages will explode under normal temperatures and pressures. John DeCarlo, MITRE Corporation, McLean, VA--My views are my own Fidonet: 1:109/131 Internet: jdecarlo at mitre.org If I were you, who would be reading this sentence? Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 14:01:35 MST From: npyle at n33.stortek.com Subject: Hops FAQ, Postmortem This is regarding the recently published Hops FAQ. I welcome all comments so that I may take one more shot at revising it before turning it over to the archives. Keep in mind, though, that it is a list of Frequently Asked Questions. The answers are generally available around the net, and were (mostly) NOT just dreamed up by me. I tried to present the "net.wisdom" side of most things, which doesn't imply, by any stretch of the imagination, that it is correct in every aspect. Most of the answers have been considered helpful my many, but in need of some discussion and changing. That is the purpose of active involvement in the HomeBrew Digest, not the purpose of the FAQ. Take it for what it is and discuss controversial topics on the HBD. I will be glad to discuss anything and everything in the FAQ, but I may or may not wish to make changes to it (editorial privilege?). I welcome anyone who wants to take it, once archived, and revise it to your heart's content. I realize it is not perfect; never will be. It is the best that my current time and resources allow and I am happy with it. Comments welcome, but see my side of it. As always we thank you for your support! I should mention that Glenn Tinseth from The Hop Source, unbeknownst (is that a word?) to me, wrote the bulk, if not all, of Part 1/5. He was not credited, but he will be in Rev. 3. Sorry, Glenn. My fault for not keeping better care of the sources of the info. I hope you don't feel too ripped off. In hindsight, separating the credits from each passage may not have been the best idea I've ever had. Cheers, Norm P.S. To anyone who may consider doing something like this: I learned as much about hops in the last 2 months as I did in the last 2 years. Lots of work but worth every minute. Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 01 Nov 1993 13:03:22 -0600 (MDT) From: COYOTE <SLK6P at cc.usu.edu> Subject: Beer Head/ Best Bitter Recipe/Pnts AAU Calcs? ****************** Cisco (John Francisco)'s new sig.line says: >May your beer give you great head!!!! * Now that's kinky! I find it works better the other way around. * Question: Does "liquid male extract" increase head retention? ***************** Also- Thanks to the JOKER for offering such a splendid accounting of a typical workday in the life of Wyllie Coyote. I just hate it when I fall to the bottom of those canyons, especially when a big rock- or worse- LARGE pot of boiling wort- falls on my head. You think all that sounds bad- you should see what ACME has offered me to "smooth" my way through a brewday. Rocket powered Racking canes! ***************** Ok, but really. I Brewed a Best Bitter yesterday...following (roughly) a recipe for an IPA type bitter I posted the other day. for 12 gallons Best Bitter: 14# 2 Row Pale malt (only had american on hand.) 1.5# 60L Xtal .3 # Victory Malt .5 # Wheat malt BOIL: 2 oz Chinook (13% alpha) 2 oz Centennial (10%) 2 oz Cascade (7.3%) These were all flake hops stored in freezer ~ 2 months (or more) FINISH: 2 oz Cascade- homegrown. Smells YUMMY and fresh. Good xtal devpt. German Alt Yeast (dregs from previous ferements) OG 1.035. Temp 25 deg C. Question: In calculating points what grains are included, or do you just use the WHOLE grain bill? I can see wheat, and munich contributing fermentables, but what about things like chocolate which don't? Calculation: 35 sp.gr. x 12 gall. / 16.33 #'s = 25.72 pts/lb Is this right? It seems reasonable to me. That's within the range I expect from my cooler/lauter tun. But I'm not sure If I got the equation right. (I always get confused...maybe ACME has a kit...hmm...scratch chin) AAU's...(13 x 2 )+ 20 + 14.6 = 60.6 => 25.25 AAU (5 gallon conversion) QUESTION: Is this right? I need to dig up the HopsFaq and check. This is gonna be one bitter mo-fo. But ooooooh my house smelled delicious after the 1.5 hr boil! Everything is hoppily underway this morning. I think I need to try a RauchBier before I retire the BBQ&Smoker for the winter. Plus it seems a fitting celebration to my folks house surviving the Altadena fire last week. (what a nightmare!) That'll be MUCH stronger! /***********************************************************************\ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ John (The Coyote) Wyllie SLK6P at cc.usu.edu ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \* I finally got everything all together, then I forgot where I put it!*/ ********************************************************************* Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 14:31:58 MST From: npyle at n33.stortek.com Subject: Plumbing Well, it appears we have a real HBD plumbing problem on our hands. I scanned the HBDs for the last seven days and I was quite impressed. I expected to see at least 25% wasted space (wasted space defined as articles which apply not at all to homebrewing). The beer drinks thread qualifies (who would _really_ do any of this to your homebrew?), as do the complaints about people's .sig files. Those two topics were virtually all of the badness on the HBD recently. I expect that amounted to less than 10% of the total HBD bandwidth, a wonderful S/N ratio, IMHO. So, what do we do? Quit posting junk like this one? Maybe. Two-a-days are possible, although I don't know Rob's limitations nor inclinations. I did notice his change to Six-a-weeks. That is a good start and it may prove to be all that is necessary. It is the brewing season and that increases brewing questions, thus HBD traffic. I suggest no panics yet, use email whenever general interest is not served, and wait. I suppose we could ask everyone to use as much self-restraint as possible with things like "Are there any good pubs in XXX?", but as I said before the S/N ratio is still quite good. Long .sigs, orgasmic ones or not, should be avoided whenever possible. Other than that, I say, "Keep up the good work!". Old Lucifer update: OG 1085; SG 1035 after 6 weeks. I may rename it Old Energizer Bunny (keeps going, and going,...). Pitched dry frog yeast this weekend (I'm a jerk, I know). Anyone want 5 gallons of all-grain liquid candy with 6% alcohol? I want my carboy back! Norm Return to table of contents
Date: 01 Nov 1993 16:46:54 -0700 (MST) From: "Steven W. Smith" <SMITH_S at gc.maricopa.edu> Subject: Another immersion chiller I've been lurking for awhile, so I thought I'd finally break down and be sociable. I recently built my first immersion chiller, and it occurred to me that I may have done something marginally innovative (it could happen). The chillers I've seen for sale seem designed to sit in the bottom of a pot. Mine hangs over either side, so that the coil is suspended near the top - where it's hot. The idea being that the cooled wort will fall to the bottom and encourage circulation, giving faster cooling without stirring. I've only used it once, but it worked well (faster than a bathtub full o' icewater). For your viewing pleasure, I include the crudest possible ascii rendering of said chiller. It can be adjusted for different pot sizes by stretching or compressing the coils (refrigeration copper tubing). /\ /\ __/ \00000/ \__ _,_/| \o.O; Steven W. Smith, Programmer/Analyst =(___)= Glendale Community College, Glendale Az. USA U SMITH_S at GC.BITNET smith_s at gc.maricopa.edu Hoppy trails. (ouch) Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 01 Nov 1993 18:35:44 -0400 (EDT) From: WESTEMEIER at delphi.com Subject: Keeping the club healthy Andy Kligerman asked for input about keeping a homebrew club healthy. Our club is very healthy, if growth is a good measure. The Bloatarian Brewing League (of Cincinnati) was founded by Ray Spangler, 1987 Homebrewer of the Year. We are extraordinarily lucky to have the support of the Oldenberg microbrewery and Drawbridge Estate complex. They give us a meeting room each month at no charge, in return for putting on a couple of homebrew demonstrations each year for the Oldenberg Beer Camp. It seems to me that the best method for keeping a club from degenerating into a beer drinking club is to have a well planned program for every meeting. The socializing part is great, but there has to be more. We occasionaly do a "Dr. Beer" seminar to demonstrate specific off-flavors in beer, helping to educate members' taste buds. We also have an organized tasting each month, wherein members bring samples of their latest brews which are tasted by a panel of experts (and anyone else who cares to participate) with feedback provided as a distinct part of the meeting. That lets everyone in on the secrets of evaluating beers, provides a useful function to keep the experienced members from being bored, educates the newcomers, and keeps things fairly organized. We also invite local merchants to attend and give tastings of special beers, which is great advertising for them (and almost free) and a treat for us (as well as being educational). We have various members give presentations on equipment construction, describe specific beer styles, discuss yeast culturing, etc. Road trips are another great tool. We plan on a meeting place, then carpool to interesting brewpubs or other places of interest to homebrewers. These are very informal, lots of fun, and a nice supplement to meetings It's also important to have something planned for each meeting that involves beginners as well as for the more advanced members. That can be an activity related to identifying a specific problem in a beer or maybe something about equipment or ingredients. Make sure that your club leadership includes everyone in discussions, as beginners can be intimidated by a lot of the arcana that concern the more advanced brewers. Try to define highly technical terms the first time they are used at each meeting, at least when you have newcomers present. Don't criticize the efforts of beginners, but make them opportunities to suggest ways to improve. Finally, use the mails. We have an 8 page monthly newsletter that covers lots of ground, but you can do much the same thing with a single sheet of paper that describes what went on at the last meeting (for those who missed it) and what is planned for the next one. Many people need that kind of reminder between meetings. Ed Westemeier Cincinnati, Ohio westemeier at delphi.com Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 93 20:53:00 -0600 From: phil.brushaber at lunatic.metronet.com (Phil Brushaber) Subject: The Two Millers I have both of Dave Miller's books. He seems to have alternate grain bills for Dopplebock in the two books. In one he suggests 100% Munich as the main grain, in the other he suggests about 80% Lager/Pilsner malt and 20% Munich (about 3 lbs Munich). (and of course cara-pils and crystal). I've been going with the Pilsner/Munich mix. Has anyone brewed with 100% Munich? Flavor profile? Results? Warnings? ... All, known to his friends as Captain Capper! ___: Tue, 2 Nov 1993 06:14:00 PST From: John_D._Sullivan.wbst311 at xerox.com Subject: California Common Hi all, I'm hoping someone has a good All-Grain recipe for St__m beer or California Common Beer. Private E-mail please. Thanks very much, John Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 02 Nov 1993 08:24:09 -0600 (CST) From: Robert Schultz <Robert.Schultz at usask.ca> Subject: informal get together in San Diego Dec 7-10? Any of you folks out there planning to attend the CAUSE '93 conference in San Diego on December 7-10, 1993? If yes, email me and maybe we could get together for brew or two. The conference is being held at the Sheraton on Harbor Island. I have extracted the list of brew pubs in the San Diego area (circa 1991 ?). Any of you folks that are familiar with the area have any suggestions of must see/don't waste your time brew pubs???? Comments appreciated. Rob. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ Robert.Schultz at usask.ca, University Studies Group, University of Saskatchewan~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ "I'm going off half-cocked? I'm going off half-cocked? ... ~ ~ Well, Mother was right - You can't argue with a shotgun." - Gary Larson ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 2 Nov 1993 09:47:34 -0500 (EST) From: Jim Busch <busch at daacdev1.stx.com> Subject: Re: Hops FAQ Since this Hops thing is a FAQ, I feel obliged to put on my Monty Python act and NIT, NIT.... > Subject: Hops FAQ, Part 5/5 > > Name: CASCADE > Grown: US > Profile: spicy, floral, citrus (esp. grapefruit) aroma > Typical use: bittering, finishing, dry hopping for American style ales > Example: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, Anchor Liberty Ale, Old Foghorn > AA Range: 4.5 - 7% > Substitute: Centennial Centennial is a great hop, adn certainly similar in some respects to Cascade, but they are not really *substitutes*. Centennial is much spicier, and contributes a different citrous essence to the beer. I usually like to mix the two hops, and while Centennial is a pretty high alpha hop (~10%) it can still be used as a dry hop quite successfully. > > Name: CRYSTAL (CFJ-HALLERTAU) > Substitute: Imported Hallertau, Mount Hood, Liberty. "Imported Hallertau" does not mean much today. The region the hop variety is grown in is what counts, as "Hallertau" hops are grown all over Germany as are Tettanger, hence the names, Hersbrueker Hallertau, Hallertau Hallertau, Tettang Hallertau, Tettanger Tettanger, etc....I encourage brewers to use the correct terminology, as it is a real difference which hop a brewer uses in a given recipe. > > Name: EAST KENT GOLDINGS > Grown: UK > Profile: rounded, pungent aroma also "earthy" > Typical use: bittering, finishing, dry hopping for British style ales > Example: Young's Special London Ale, Samuel Smith's Pale Ale LaChouffe!! > AA Range: ??? 4-6% > Substitute: BC Goldings, English Fuggles There is none!! > Name: HALLERTAU HERSBRUCKER Reverse, HERSBRUCKER HALLERTAU > Grown: Germany > Profile: pleasant, mild aroma earthy, can be quite spicey, ummmmmm, and quite aromatic, Pils anyone?? > Typical use: finishing / dry hopping for German style lagers only "German style lagers" brewed in the US are dry hopped :-) BTW, most german lagers are finished at 15 minutes to end of boil, not at the very end as many of us do. This, in conjunction with the whirlpool, will add bitterness, and aroma to the beers. Many german brewers dislike the very late additions of this hop. > Example: ??? Pils. > AA Range: 3 - 5% sometimes less than 3, I currently have 2.3-2.6 > > Name: HALLERTAU MITTELFRUEH > Example: ??? Sam Adams > > Name: MT. HOOD > Grown: US > Profile: mild, clean aroma > Typical use: finishing / dry hopping for German style lagers > Example: ??? Mt Hood Ale?? > Name: NORTHERN BREWER > Grown: UK, US, Germany (called Hallertau NB), and other areas Now we got it right, Hallertau NB. NB grown in the Hallertau region of Germany. > (growing region affects profile greatly) Exactly!! > > Name: SPALT > Grown: Germany/US > Profile: mild, pleasant, slightly spicy > Typical use: aroma/finishing/flavoring Bittering too!! > Example: ??? Alt bier of course, thats the bittering hop commonly used. > Substitute: Saaz, Tettnanger. Saaz??? > > Name: STYRIAN GOLDINGS > Grown: Yugoslavia (Fuggles grown in Yugoslavia), also grown in US > Profile: similar to Fuggles > Typical use: bittering, aroma for a wide variety of beers, popular in Europe > Example: ??? Belgium ales, Rochefort, > > Name: CENTENNIAL > Grown: US > Profile: spicy, floral aroma, clean bittering hop (Super Cascade?) > Typical use: general purpose bittering, aroma, some dry hopping > Example: ??? Sierra Neveda Celebration ale, Old Crustaceon Barley Wine (Rogue), Jim Busch New American Ales :-) > Name: PERLE > Grown: Germany, US > Profile: pleasant aroma, almost minty bittering hop > Typical use: general purpose bittering for all lagers except pilsener > Example: ??? Sierra Nevada Pale Ale This is good info, just nitting around here, lots to know about hops..... Best, Jim Busch Return to table of contents
Date: Mon, 1 Nov 1993 09:47:17 -0600 (CST) From: jim at n5ial.mythical.com (Jim Graham) Subject: Oatmeal Stout results! Ok, it's been a few weeks now since I brewed my oatmeal stout, and a bit longer since I asked the HBD for assistance in this area. Well, we now have some results...and they're very *GOOD* results. :-) Thanks to all who provided me with valuable information that led up to this batch. I also have a question regarding the sediment in the bottle, but I'll leave that to the end. I went with the following: 6 lbs Oatmeal Dark extract (from William's) 1 lb Dry American Dark extract (also from William's) 1/4 oz English Fuggles (60 minutes) 1 oz English Fuggles (30 minutes) 1 packet Burton Ale liquid yeast (William's) corn sugar for priming, as always.... The recipe called for 4 oz of Lactose (add during last 10 minutes of boil), but I didn't have that, so I skipped it. :-) This recipe was what the guy I talked to a William's said would be closest to Sam Smith's Oatmeal Stout, so that's what I went with (he'd given me a slight variation of this over the phone---it included Hallertauer hops, which this doesn't). Result: I'll do a side-by-side comparison with Sam Smith's Oatmeal Stout tonight, if I can find any (SS isn't easy to find, due to how expensive it is---the stores don't stock much, and they don't always stock it at all). But just from memory, I'd have to say that it is either a very close match, or is dead on. And it's very, very good. Yummmm.... It's also particularly appropriate now, since we just got hit with the first real signs of winter (about a month early, too), and actually went into the 30s last night. Yuck! But, in the evenings, I have a nice oatmeal stout (served at proper cellar temps, thanks to the fact that the apartment isn't approaching 800F) to warm me up. Ok, I mentioned a question.... This is the first time I've used liquid yeast. I've noticed that the sediment in the bottle seems to be a lot finer than normal (i.e., much smaller bits, and more of them). Is this a characteristic of the liquid yeast? Or is it just a characteristic of that particular liquid yeast? Just curious. Btw, I haven't really decided whether it makes pouring the beer easier or more difficult....but you certainly have to pay a lot more attention to where the sediment is when you pour (my first glass had a bunch of sediment at the bottom). Later, --jim - -- #include <std_disclaimer.h> 73 DE N5IAL (/4) - -------------------------< Running Linux 0.99 PL10 >--------------------------: 2 Nov 1993 08:20:27 U From: "Palmer.John" <palmer#d#john at ssdgwy.mdc.com> Subject: Brass in the boil Hi Group, I noticed the Brass post today, and I can come up with an answer I think. First, are you noticing ANY corrosion? Any roughening of the surface? IF your fitting is an alloy containing Lead (unlikely) that would be a big problem. The leaded alloys are UNS # C3X000 series. These alloys are used when increased machinability is desired. Hopefully, the brass fitting alloy being used is Red Brass aka UNS # C23000 aka ASTM B43. That alloy is all Copper-Zinc and will pose no health hazard. The zinc is in solid solution for this alloy and is not subject to leaching. Other alloys such as Admirility Brass (copper zinc tin) may be in use and are acceptable. With Red Brass or Admirility Brass, any corrosion you may be seeing would not be toxic. Corrosion in this case may be the Brightening of the fitting during use, the same as your wort chillers. -John Palmer 600 laid off the Space Station last Friday, but fortunatly I made the cut. Invest in the Space Program, folks, tell your congressmen. It promotes good jobs through transfer of technology for a good future. It also inspires our children toward higher education. Keep America Strong. Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 02 Nov 93 11:25:09 EST From: dweller at GVSU.EDU (RONALD DWELLE) Subject: one-pot brews I just met an older fellow (80+) who's been brewing forever. Offered a nice lager (a bit cloudy) which is all he makes. Among other things, he said that he never uses two containers (primary and secondary fermenters) but instead puts the whole batch in 5 gallon carboy, airlocks it, and then waits till it's all done. He said that using two fermenters (I use a plastic bucket, then a carboy) was foolishness and the best chance to get contamination. Since all the procedure's I've heard about recommend two--a primary and secondary--this fellow's method seems peculiar. I wonder if anyone else has experience using only a single jug. Cheers, Ron Dwelle (dweller at gvsu.edu) Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 02 Nov 1993 11:31:11 EST From: Y Y Zed <fini at bigvax.alfred.edu> Subject: sterilization options/procedures Hi all - I'd like to get some input on the methods you use for sterilizing/ disinfecting equipment and bottles. I've been told be a few people that bleach is to be avoided due to the risk of residual bleach solution killing off yeast. An alternative is B-Brite, but I don't know how effective it is at killing everything off compared to bleach, which is very strong. I'm relatively new at the game, and since I like to experiment I disinfected the bottles for my first and second batches with rubbing alcohol and then rinsed well. The first batch turned out well, but the second had a weird aftertaste (due to bacterial infection, I assume). What's the best method for sterilizing mass quantities of bottles? bleach solution in a bathtub? thanks - Paul Fini fini at bigvax.alfred.edu Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 02 Nov 1993 09:33:07 -0600 (MDT) From: COYOTE <SLK6P at cc.usu.edu> Subject: Frogs?/Cider/Scotch Ales Norm says: "...have to punt (i.e. pitch a frog yeast). And that's SG for the nitpicky coyote!:)" * Pardon my ignorance...What's a "frog yeast"? * Norm...sounds like you can use FG pretty soon! ************************* >You Don't want cider with sorbate. Find an orchard and get >the fresh pressed- unfiltered stuff. Much worth it! That's very good advice. * (but of course!!!! :) ) * I submit: I over-stated sorbate's effectiveness. * It inhibits yeast budding=reproduction. Bacteria don't bud. * A note on cider sources...and hg apples....There have been cases of E.coli infections from apples which had fallen, sat on the ground prior to pressing. E.coli may be a common component of the flora of your bowels...but it's better to keep it at that end, not at the other! The point here...it may be safer to campden your cider, then pitch. Rather than try to rely on the normal flora of yeast/bacteria/other bugs which might reside in fresh cider. I'll be starting up this years cyser pretty darn soon (payday!!! pant...groan...) Also: It's worth bugging your presser to inquire about the types of apples used. Many orchards will press what's on hand. That may vary from day to week. You might get a better deal if you: 1. Go in with friends and buy LOTS! We walk off with up to ~20gals! 2. Arrange to come in on pressing day. You get fresher cider, and you won't depleat their stock. Bargain and you might get a better deal. The best I've run into is $2.50 / gallon. ************************* Eric Urquhart (eurquhar at sfu.ca) Centre for Pest Management, * Sounds like you'd have your work cut RE: Noonan's Scotch Ale book * out to deal with the likes of me! * I was quite pleased with it. The history is interesting...ok so I found the water chapter kinda boring...and didn't feel like he gave a good explanation of the process of double mashing...just assumed we knew all about it! The book passed around a couple of friends and resulted in the finest products out of these brewers I've seen in quite some time. I made a 90 shilling first runnings, and continued to sparge a 2 penny. I didn't have the exact ingredients called for, but was pleased with the result. A strong- malty sweet, deep rich brew. I must try it again soon. I won't bother posting the recipe unless there is a call for it. (i did a recipe yesterday...) One thing I found intersting was that the dark malt flavors came from roasted malt, not crystal. I always assumed it would be a heavily xtal'd grain bill. Not so. Also...I would've assumed good 'ol greg would've promoted the Decoction- being a master of it himself...ok at least a previous author on the subject. I did find the book to be more clearly written than his Lager book. I think I still like Porter/Pale ale the best. Mr. Fix's Oktober etc. is also a very nicely written piece. I do find these books to inspire the desire to explore a style in greater detail. It also gives ideas on how to name your ferments...even if you drift away from the style a bit! /**************************************************************\ ~~~~~~~~~ John (The Coyote) Wyllie SLK6P at cc.usu.edu ~~~~~~~~~~~ \******************* Brew on you bums! *******************/ Return to table of contents
Date: Tue, 2 Nov 1993 8:36:29 -0800 (PST) From: Jim Cave <CAVE at PSC.ORG> Subject: Counterflow chillers There has been considerable debate recently on the relative merits of immersion vs. counterflow chillers. While I do not intend to try and convince others to switch to the counterflow design, it is the one that I use for the following reasons: 1) About 50% of the beers (all-grain) that I brew are lagers. I prefer very cold ferments to these beers (45 F). For much of the year, I can get my beer close to this temperature with this design. During the summer months I use an additional coil (after the counter current) which runs through an ice bath. This drops the beer an additional 10 F. This rapid drop in temperature makes for remarkable cold breaks. 2) Much of the trub falls out in the kettle. I have a hop-back and a second screen in at the outlet-valve to prevent the occassional errant hop from entering the chiller. I give the wort a quick stir to generate a whirl-pool. The counter-current flows into glass carboys. I then rack off the trub and into glass carboys (Yes I rack off the trub; the breweries I have talked to estimate that they remore 95% or more of their trub prior to ferment). 3) The unchilled beer remains well above 160F and is therefore sterile. Gravity checks can be rapidly made at the exit of the chiller and gently re- introduced to the boiler without fear of contamination. 4) When 2/3's of the wort remains in the kettle, I throw in hops for aroma (hot soak). This gives excellent aroma. A hop-back in-line with the chiller would be a better way to go but I have't come up with a rugged design yet. 5) With my boils, I always seem to end up with a gravity 4 or 5 points higher than target (and correspondingly less volume). I have recently come up with a gentle way of adjusting gravity. I fire up the sparge tank and boil water. This is introduced with a tube into the boiler with the beer (when the beer has nearly all gone through the chiller). This gently washes the hops and trub of fermentable extract. One disadvantage that I see with the counter current chiller is that the Irish moss addition is less effective, as it doesn't really enter the collecting carboys. Consequently, the beer in the collecting carboys takes longer to drop bright than it otherwise would in the boiler. However, as I mentioned, trub is also settled and filtered out in the boiler. I guess you pays your money and takes your chances!! Jim Cave 684-684-8081 "I brew.....I am" Return to table of contents
End of HOMEBREW Digest #1263, 11/04/93throw (one's) weight behind(redirected from throw our weight behind)
throw (one's) weight behind
To wield one's influence or power to support or promote something. The small-town candidate is hoping the senator throws his weight behind him in the race. If we can get a corporation to throw its weight behind our charity campaign, we can raise even more money.Submit for Free Quote
The Benefits of Pellet Stoves
So what are some of the advantages to having a pellet stove?
Well, to begin with, it will save you money. Gas prices and utilities are always rising it seems and people are looking for ways to save money whenever it’s possible. A pellet stove basically provides you with the ability to heat your home in an environmentally friendly way.
There are a variety of options by which you can heat your home including electric heat, gas furnaces, oil heating, propane furnace, or wood stove. All of these different types of heating have good points and they also have their bad points. They are truly environmentally friendly – these pellet stoves. One of the main reasons why they are is because they create no black smoke. This means that any pipe can run out of any room in your home or office. Otherwise, you would have to use a chimney with any other stove.
Compressed pellets are used inside of pellet stoves, where the moisture is eventually squeezed out. Because of the pellets’ dryness, they burn very hot. Even though they burn hot, they are not potential fire hazards like wood stoves and others. Pellet stoves are also low on emissions, making them that much more environmentally friendly.
Pellet stoves are also easy to use and have thermostats that are easy to adjust. They are similar in a lot of ways to electric heaters.
The one great thing about Pellet stoves is their affordability. They actually start around $1,500. Even though they can be pricey at times, if you want something that’s worth it, get a pellet stove. You’ll be glad you got such a clean and efficient heating device!Catahoula Bulldog dog breed
Catahoula Bulldog breed description
Catahoula bulldog appearance: A catahoula bulldog is a medium-sized type of breed, short coat, with an average body type, half standing ears, relatively short feet, rised high tail, relatively short muzzle, and a charming expression.
Information about catahoula bulldog: The catahoula bulldog originates from United States. Catahoula Bulldog puppies can be purchased online, but the selection of puppies is not always the best.
Catahoula Bulldog photos:
Google images of catahoula bulldog
Write about catahoula bulldog
Share your experiences about catahoula bulldog. Use the form below and discuss, share, contribute your knowledge of the this breed.
Catahoula Bulldog video
Here are some videos, documentaries, films and movies about the catahoula bulldog:
Catahoula Bulldog keywords: these dogs, dog, dogs, typical, challenges, super, training, challenging, catahoula bulldog breed, affectionate, catahoula bulldog photos, facts, buy puppy, video, breed description, catahoula bulldog breeders and cennel club, catahoula bulldog books, catahoula, bulldog, dog.
Guess the breed:
Austrian Black and Tan Hound
>My Natural Hair – An Interview
Funny how you forget about the things you have done and how you got to certain places. I was interviewed by Dr. Phoenyx Austin in 2011 about why I decided to go natural with my hair. Intrigued by my story, she decided to do an interview with me.
We often talk about hair and natural hair journeys on CurlyNikki. And since October is a very special month, today I wanted to share the special journey of a woman named Pamela Williams- a woman who found her way to natural hair though her own personal journey of courage and healing. Here’s her story…
Imagine for a minute that you are in your doctor’s office. You made this appointment because you’ve got a pesky infection on your thumb that won’t clear up from the antibiotics you’ve been taking. So this time the doctor offers a prescription for a different antibiotic. You thank him, go to get the medication and head home.
When you get home, you head to the bathroom to tend to your thumb and while there you notice a small lump under your armpit. You figure it must be related to the thumb infection that won’t clear up, so you take your antibiotics and continue on about your day.
A few days later you get a letter in mail alerting you that it’s time for your annual mammogram. You make the appointment and head on in, certain that this checkup will be normal like the rest. You’ve been relatively healthy all your life. You’re a 42 year old woman with no other issues other than mild asthma. And OK, you do have a few extra pounds that you’re working to get rid of. But who doesn’t have a few pounds they’d also like to lose?
After your mammo appointment you go home, and then receive a call a couple days later to come back into the office. You’re confused as to why, but you head on in. When you get into the doctor’s office, he sits you down and tells you that they’ve found a few abnormalities on your mammogram and will need to do a biopsy. You don’t think much of it. Actually you had a similar incident a few years ago where a benign lump was removed from your left breast. So you schedule the biopsy, get it done, and go home.
Read the full interview on Curly Nikki.
I posted this interview to remind myself and others that your beauty isn’t dependent upon anything or anyone, but how you feel about yourself. At the time of this interview, I struggled with my natural hair and whether I would be attractive with kinky hair. That struggle is no longer an issue. I love my natural curls and hair texture.
This is a reminder that the struggle does go away. You may find a new struggle as we all do in life, but know that it too will go away.
What issues do you struggle with in your quest for self love? Let me know in the comments.
Dana James Mwangi
August 3, 2015 at 12:04 am
I’m SO glad you posted this Pam! This is great!
Pam Williams
August 3, 2015 at 9:47 am
Thanks Dana! And thanks for reading!Just in the snow and thank God he went was.Join us for Tuesday Happy Hour at Ginger Hop. Hosted by Bob Whitlock & Peggy Weber, this gathering is a time to catch up with friends and neighbors over drinks and small bites. Dutch treat--no reservations required! If you wish to stay for dinner, reservations may be made by calling (612) 746-0304.Brynteg Bed & Breakfast
Mandy and Adrian Pearce welcome you to Brynteg, their 3–star Bed & Breakfast, located just a two minute walk from Rhayader town centre with its shops, cafes and pubs..
Free Wi-Fi is available.
A full Welsh breakfast is served using locally-produced sausages, locally-sourced bacon, eggs from our own hens and home-made jams and marmalade.
The guest lounge has TV, DVDs, games, books and tourist information.’.Icy roads create hazardous driving for morning commute. Many schools on two-hour delay.
Author: Hope Sanders | Posted in Uncategorized No comments
Jan. 17. 2017 – Washington County, WI – According to the National Weather Service, a Winter Weather Advisory continues for southeastern Wisconsin until 9 a.m. Icy roads are to be expected for the morning commute and drivers should allow extra time for travel. The icy rain is expected to give way to rain around mid morning as temperatures rise above freezing.
Many area schools are exercising a two-hour delay. Click HERE to access up-to-the-minute closings, cancellations and delays.Hosted by DEFRA, Cambridge Botanic Garden and the Sainsbury Laboratory this 1.5 day training event will look at Integrated Pest Management, best practice to minimise plant health risk, updates on the latest pests and diseases and biological control for their treatment.
Draft programme:
October 3rd 2017
13.15 – 13.45 Registration at Cambridge Botanic Garden
13.45 – 16.00 Biological control in your garden. Julian Ives, MD Dragonfli . Presentation and demonstrations on biological control under glass and out in the garden.
October 4th 2017
10.00 Welcome
The historical impact of pest and disease – Where Biosecurity failed!
Legislation Requirements in Plant Health: World / EC/ UK, Roles of the different bodies: DEFRA / FERA/ FC/ HMRC, Plant Passports and Phytosanitary Certificates / Statutory Notices
Key pests and diseases to be aware of – now and in the future
Biosecurity : what does it involve/ what can we do practically
Garden tour – putting it into practice
Close at 16.00
Training costs includes resources, refreshments and lunch. Accommodation is not provided.
Cost to members £75. Non members £75 plus £40 (£15 student) membership fee.
FULLY BOOKED.18018961390474
Kim Rogers®
Petite Sleeveless Embroidered Solid Dress
Details
Orig. $40.00Now $2.992.99
$37.01 (93%) Savings!
Additional Information
Exquisite embroidery infuses an intricate, hand-made feel into this designer dress, ensuring you present like a true fashionista wherever you wear it. Its solid silhouette means that this pretty piece pairs well with any of your favorite shoes, from simple strappy flats to prominent, colorful pumps for an extra flair-filled finish.
- Approximately 35.5-in. L
- Pullover
- Split neck
-:more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed I did not get this message on the original software with the original drivers. I am Spartacus 22:09 29 Oct 10 Also remembered that on both of the 2 I have that the heatsink didn't make good contact with the chip and the 'thermal paste' SmartDoctor is essential for me because it provides over/underclocking capabilities, so help me asap please Edit Reply Quote & Reply I am CPU Intel C2D E8600 (3.33 Ghz, 1333MHz FSB, get redirected After that I formatted other partitions on my drive to install other systems, and found out that XP crashes on startup. Changing that to a good quality one should drop the temperatures a few degrees. Hi, pls, i need help with my LG Smart Cam.
by Arizonian › Define C by bluedevil › Fractal Design Define Mini C - Black - Windowed by Duality92 › Thermaltake Water 3.0 Extreme S & RGB Fan TT premium Edition... Traffic Splitter | Splitting Traffic | SNR & Line Attenuation info | Local Google, YT & FB Reply With Quote + Reply to Thread Quick Navigation Software Top Site Areas Is quick find server a system software?
Does sputtering butter mean that water is present? You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. Aristocatman 21:13 29 Oct 10 I'm not really interested in overclocking just temp control - not a gamer - more into CAD. When I first installed SmartDoctor from a bundled CD (Windows XP Pro 32bit SP3), it was ok and working.
Check out the FAQ!x Windows Mac Android Answers Forum Loading... Use like MSI Afterburner or the AMD Control Center to overclock it. I now get a message on power up that reads "Can not find graphics card information".
Why was Susan treated so unkindly? asked 7 years ago viewed 9810 times active 6 years ago Visit Chat Related 3Windows 7 x64 support for Intel GMA 3650 (or GMA 3600)4Graphics drivers could not find compatible graphics Can software be deleted first from my computer and then re-installed? Use ASUS itracker instead (according to ASUS site): Series&type=map&f_type=14 Cheers, John share|improve this answer answered Oct 29 '09 at 10:51 John Nope, i installed itracker I had on
I seem to recall they score about 2000 in 3DMark 06 so it's pretty pointless aiming for an overclock particularly as they seem to run fairly hot anyway. Can I switch from past tense to present tense in an epilogue? Asus Smart Doctor Windows 7 Core Temp - Accurate temperature monitor for Intel's Core/Core 2 and AMD64 processors Heatware Reply With Quote Quick Navigation AMD (ATI) GPUs Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Msi Afterburner Is there a name for the (anti- ) pattern of passing parameters that will only be used several levels deep in the call chain?
Center trace between two pads The 10'000 year skyscraper Is it possible to bleed brakes without using floor jack? Get More Info doesn't show a big company like Asus in a good light! I rolled back the system with restore gui, and after that I got SmartDoctor alerting that the graphics card's configuration can't be found. Asus Drivers
Full Review Fractal Design Define Mini C - Black - Windowed Reviewed by Duality92 Hey fine people of OCN! Can you help? 0 votes The SmartDoctor can't find graphics card information. It just isn't working. useful reference My concern was the fact that the supplied controlling software didn't work & this seems to be an ongoing problem for some years, not a good reflection on Asus about time
For more information or to gain access, visit Classified Access Rules Change thread. (100 quality posts and 30-day minimum membership are still required) Results 1 to 2 of 2 Thread: Asus Afterburner works great though and my voltages for whatever reason aren't even capped, perhaps that is because the Asus cards are branded as voltage tweak which supposedly allows for higher overclocking. Anti-spam verification: To avoid this verification in future, please log in or register Latest question variations What does the green tick in imo stand for?
So how is the SS 760 different from... Aristocatman 09:04 30 Oct 10 Thanks for replies, card is new so I don't yet know if it has a problem. If there is no information displayed, try to install the drivers first and then runt he application. WTF??
Thanks all! This thread is now locked and can not be replied to. Please try the request again. Ensuring you you have decent airflow through the case helps also.Are you having problems with it?
Otherwise just ditch Asus Smart Doctor, because it sux. Is it acceptable to ask an unknown professor for help in a related field during his office hours? Cheers! I have a Windows 7 64bit, new graphic card ASUS ENGTX260 MATRIX, installed latest graphics drivers nv19045_Win7Vista64 and ASUS Smart Doctor version 5.44.
Overclock.net is powered by Fandom Games |FAQ|Support|Privacy|ToS|DMCA|Site Map Full Review Logitech G Pro Gaming FPS Mouse with Advanced Gaming Sensor for... If it's the silent version then the only way to adjust temperatures is to under clock it or zip tie a fan to the heatsink.The Catalyst Control Centre will allow you Thanks We can't watch the broadcast of the LDS general conferences on TV When I open my webcam it says that my cam was not found. iptables not dropping by IP and port? Does every interesting photograph have a story to tell? Powered by vBulletin Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
The only thing I saw was to uninstall the ATI driver and install the ASUS driver. Does anyone have any thoughts? Join member.
Key wordsParkinson’s disease lateral flexion posture Pisa syndrome dopamine agonist oblique sign
References
- 1.Duvoisin RC, Marsden CD (1975) Note on the scoliosis of Parkinsonism. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 38(8):787–793PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 2.Marsden CD, Duvoisin R (1980) Scoliosis and Parkinson’s disease. Arch Neurol 37(4):253–254PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 3.Furukawa T (1986) The oblique signs of Parkinsonism. Neurol Med 25:11–13Google Scholar
- 4.Furukawa T, Okiyama R, Tsukagoshi H (1989) Oblique sign of Parkisonism. Clin Neurol 29:1603Google Scholar
- 5.Furukawa T (2001) Body schema. Neurol Med 54:472–478Google Scholar
- 6.DLee AC, Harris JP, Atkinson EA, Fowler MS (2001) Disruption of estimation of body-scaled aperture width in Hemiparkinson’s disease. Neuropsychologia 39(10):1097–1104CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 7.DProctor F, Riklan M, Cooper IS et al. (1964) Judgment of visual and postural vertical by parkinsonian patients. Neurology 14:287–293Google Scholar
- 8.Ekbom K, Lindholm H, Ljungberg L (1972) New dystonic syndrome associated with butyrophenone therapy. Z Neurol 202(2):94–103PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 9.Yassa R, Nastase C, Cvejic J et al. (1991) The Pisa syndrome (or pleurothotonus): prevalence in a psychogeriatric population. Biol Psychiatry 29(9):942–945PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 10.Stubner S, Padberg F, Grohmann R et al. (2000) Pisa syndrome (pleurothotonus): report of a multicenter drug safety surveillance project. J Clin Psychiatry 61(8):569–574PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 11.Suzuki T, Matsuzaka H (2002) Druginduced Pisa syndrome (pleurothotonus): epidemiology and management. CNS Drugs 16(3):165–174PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 12.Suzuki T, Hori T, Baba A et al. (1999) Effectiveness of anticholinergics and neuroleptic dose reduction on neuroleptic-induced pleurothotonus (the Pisa syndrome). J Clin Psychopharm 19(3):277–280CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 13.Villarejo A, Camacho A, Garcia-Ramos R et al. (2003) Cholinergic-dopaminergic imbalance in Pisa syndrome. Clin Neuropharmacol 26(3):119–121PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 14.Cannas A, Solla P, Floris G et al. (2005) Reversible Pisa syndrome in Parkinson’s disease during treatment with Pergolide: a case report. Clin Neuropharm 28(5):252CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 15.Gambarin M, Antonini A, Moretto G et al. (2006) Pisa syndrome without neuroleptic exposure in a patient with Parkinson’s disease: case report. Mov Disord 21(2):270–273PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 16.Herrera-Marschitz M, Utsumi H, Ungerstedt U (1990) Scoliosis in rats with experimentally-induced hemi-parkinsonism: dependence upon striatal dopamine denervation. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 53(1):39–43PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar.
Category History in Pop Culture
TDISH: The Fall of Constantinople
May.
TDISH – If a ballgame is played and no one is there to see it, does it count?.
GoT PiH: King’s Landing & Constantinople
Feed your GoT obsession with our discussion of King’s Landing, Constantinople, and some epic battles.
Source: GoT PiH: King’s Landing & Constantinople
History Buffs Podcast: GoT: The Wall(s)
#GameofThrones can’t come soon enough. Get your fix w this episode from the #HistoryBuffs pic.twitter.com/dMud4RSKvY
— HistoryBuffs Podcast (@historybuffspod) April 11, 2016
Check out my guest spot on the History Buffs Podcast talking about The Wall in Game of Thrones and its parallels in the real-life Hadrian’s Wall.BollywoodEntertainmentRegional
Bengali Film MAYURAKSHI wins hearts at Mumbai premiere
Jan 4, 2018, Mumbai: The premiere show of the most critically acclaimed Bengali film MAYURAKSHI, starring Superstar Prosenjit Chatterjee & thespian Soumitra Chatterjee was held in Mumbai on Jan 4, 2018 at PVR, CITIMALL, Andheri, Mumbai.
It was the presence of the most literate & creative Film loving audience as they enjoyed every nuances of the acting of Prosenjit Chatterjee & the thespian Soumitra Chatterjee.
The audience were heard analysing the film MAYURAKSHI as a soul stirring realistic film about human relationship, the spine of every cinematic work, a sensitive subject on loneliness & emotional crisis and the different journey to find meaning to life in its course that engulfs every household! And the central message of the film stood out, as to whatever the situations in life, Tomorrow is another Day!
One of the finest actors in India and multi National Award Winner Prosenjit Chatterjee was the cynosure of everyone eyes as they praised one of his pitch perfect performance. He too played the perfect host as he welcomed the creative Bengali folks in Mumbai. Ishita Dutta, the newly wedded bride made her first appearance to the media post her marriage.
Celebrities present were Prosenjit Chatterjee, Pallabi Chatterjee, Madhu Chopra, Director Onir, Ishita Dutta, Nandita Puri, Anjum Rizvi, Sharbani Mukherji, Arjan Bajwa, Sudhanshu Pandey, Shweta Pandit, Director Anirudhh Roy Choudhury, Director Pradeep Sarkar and may other were present at the premier.
No wonder rather than Bollywood, with realistic films like MAYURAKSHI, Bengali films are feted out at the National Awards!Cav Empt
Joggers
USD 286
USD 286
- Description
The Cav Empt Jogger are a pair of cotton track pants, in light lilac, featuring grey patches at the calves with two side and back pockets. The joggers are finished with an elasticated waistband and ribbed cuffs at the ankle.
- Details
Oisín is 6'0 / 183 cm and is wearing a size L
100% Cotton.- Spokane Public Radio's future home, a historic firehouse on North Monroe.
The original KPBX (91.1 FM) was born in the basement of a South Hill home, where it operated throughout much of the 1970s, slowly growing and embedding itself in the Spokane community along the way.
But the actual date of birth of Spokane Public Radio is Jan. 20, 1980, when KPBX became a National Public Radio member station. Thus, last week marked the 35th birthday for SPR, which now has three stations throughout the region putting locally produced and nationally syndicated programs on the air.
For 35 years, the stations have operated out of the second floor of the Hoban Building on North Monroe Street, but that will change by this summer, when the organization moves closer to downtown. SPR celebrated its 35th birthday with a pledge drive that brought in about $170,000 in donations from listeners, all of which will go toward the new building.
Renovations are already underway at the historic fire station (included on both national and local registries) at 1229 North Monroe, which will give SPR about 11,000 square feet of space, more than double what they currently work with. It will also feature other amenities, like a performance space for musicians. The current location was originally intended for five employees; SPR now has 15 full-time and 17 part-time employees.
"We've been bursting at the seams for quite some time," says SPR General Manager Cary Boyce.
SPR's three stations cover 20,000 square miles of the Inland Northwest, and Boyce says the stations plan to increase their programming to better service their listenership. Achieving such goals means continuing with SPR's fundraising efforts, some of which could place your name on part of their new building's tiles and bricks. Perhaps most enticing is the opportunity to have one of the original fireman's poles in the old station named after you. Two are already spoken for, but there's one remaining.♦Ensure powder for weight gain price
The following diet personality quiz is designed to help you identify a weight.Here we cover 10 of the best weight gainer protein supplements often. the best weight gainer protein powders that will be. help you recover and gain.Information on meal replacement shakes including weight loss and weight gain shakes and.Ensure Plus Milk Chocolate nutrition shake is designed to. any weight gain, Ensure plus. be great if we could purchase fresh bulk at a reduced price.Buy Ensure Plus Nutrition Shake, Vanilla, 8 ounces,. of protein to help gain or maintain a healthy weight.
Best Weight Gainer for Skinny Guys - Build Muscle 101More calories will help you gain weight but I do NOT advise Ensure, as it has many.The whole grains ensure that the products contain. has researched over 5000 weight-loss programs, pills, shakes and.
Ensure Plus For Weight Gain???? | Yahoo Answers
Yes No Report abuse 4.0 out of 5 stars Great supplement for on the go.Weight Gain Shakes - 25 results like Ensure Technologies Abbott Ensure Plus Vanilla Nutrition Shake 8 fl oz, 2 Boxes Scandishake Instant Powder Shake Mix For Weight.Weight Gain Powder is very effective products first time launched in India by product produced by.
Vitalstrength Hardgainer Mass Gain Bulking Protein Powder is a packed. weight gain formula, packing up. by independent laboratories to ensure that Vitalstrength.I consulted my physician and we agreed to replace 2 meals a day with Ensure.
Meal Replacement Shakes | Weight Loss Shakes | Weight GainEnsure Plus. help patients gain or maintain healthy weight.-Ensure Plus can.The shakes are smooth and creamy but not too thick that they cant be drunk through a straw.This guide will teach you how to choose the best weight gainer that.
Losing weight is a challenge for many people, but being underweight also poses serious health risks.Ensure Original Nutrition Shake, Dark Chocolate, 8 ounces, 24 count.
Carnation Instant Breakfast Drink (This is what helped me gain back my.
In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.I would buy these if you need an affordable nutrition shake to use as a supplemental meal.It has a good chocolate flavor and comes in a 16oz bottle that is great.How much Ensure Plus do you need to drink in. gain. try onesource optimal nutrition or a whey powder. drinks ensure a lot.When you are on a weight gain diet a good way to consume more calories is to drink weight gain shakes. 20 Weight Gain Shake Recipes. When. whey protein for the.Find great deals on eBay for ensure powder and ensure powder vanilla. ensure powder vanilla ensure coupons ensure. eBay determines this price through a.
Comparison - Boost/Ensure/Glucerna/SlimFast/Carnation
Save $3.00 on Ensure High Protein Shakes, $5.97 at Walmart!I only like the chocolate flavor as the others are either to strong or not enough taste to them.
Customers who bought this item also bought Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1.Weight gainers are available in a wide variety of powders and ready-to-drinks.Welcome to KCL, where you can learn how to collect and redeem coupons to save BIG.Published 2 days ago by Dallas D. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars It kept my wife on a full liquid diet alive.Legal Disclaimer While we try ensure that product...If you want to see how to gain weight fast, try the Ensure Plus and you.Ensure high protein powder review- funny bloopers at the end of the video.
PRO2 Nutrition Store - Sports & Health Care Nutritional
Gluten-free and suitable for lactose intolerance (Not for people with galactosemia).Directions: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the milk and Ensure.Start working out, and drinking protein shakes if you feel like it, but.
Glucerna Review - Is Glucerna Only Good For People With
Boost added fiber to most of their formulations, so now I avoid those.Published 5 days ago by Fang Ruofu 4.0 out of 5 stars One Star It was good for mom and Dad.Ensure due to the resonable price and great. and awesome entire day but my weight is not still increase i am.You cannot use Ensure for weight gain, it is generally for recuperating individuals or if you need that extra immunity boost.Thinking of trying ensure to gain weight before my next appt. so my doc is happy.
When it comes to managing blood sugar and diabetes, every choice matters.Insert wooden sticks or spoons and freeze about 5 to 6 hours or until firm.
For all the roles you play in life, Ensure Plus is on your side.Ensure Original Nutrition Shake, Milk Chocolate (8 fl. oz., 24 ct.).
Weight Gain Ensure High Protein and Weight Gain Weight Loss.Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy it now price. Strawberry Powder Weight Gain.Disclaimer: While we work to ensure that product information is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.I do like the competitor which is the boost plus but not sure which one is better.Most recent customer reviews 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars My client enjoy Published 2 hours ago by Amazon Customer 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars Like the product but just wish it was priced more affordable.Mortal Kombat is one of the first popular one-on-one fighting games, introduced in the summer of 1993. This game includes a number of unique characters who all have their own ways of fighting and killing their opponents. All the characters have special weapons, armor, and moves that make them appealing to certain gamers. These characters and their unique ways of killing their opponents called “fatalities” are the factors that have been upsetting people for the past twenty three years. After playing and analyzing Mortal Kombat I agree with most politicians and worried parents that this game has gone too far and is encouraging violence, depicts gruesome graphics that are unnecessary, and glorifies one on one fighting to the death. In this analysis I will share with you examples of violence and grotesque behavior that supports my opinion that Mortal Kombat has definetly taking their graphics and violent content too far in their previously released Mortal Kombat X.
To start off let me share with you my experience while playing Mortal Kombat X. I played this game on PlayStation 4 for roughly two hours. I played against my boyfriend who also had no experience with the game so there was no advantage for either of us. Since we were not familiar with the game we did not know many of the moves ,so we mostly played as “button smashers”, hitting as many buttons as possible just to throw punches and kicks. Even though we were just hitting buttons we were still able to be destructive in our movements. There are 25 Standard Fatalities in Mortal Kombat X. Each character has one standard fatality that is shown once the character has destroyed their opponent(powerpyx.com). After continuing to play this game for a while I started to play as three main characters who I found to be very gruesome in their fighting styles. These characters included King Lao, Jax, Mileena, and Ermac. All characters have pretty gruesome fatalities but in my opinion these characters win the award for most ridiculously violent. In fact they actually all made the “Mortal Kombat X Top Most Brutial Fatalities” on YouTube that I will be showing during my presentation.
The characters I chose to play had the most ridiculous fatalities, which I will be using as examples of how Mortal Kombat possesses unnecessarily gruesome graphics. First off we have Kung Lao who is one of the original Mortal Kombat characters. His armor depicts him as a a Kung-Fu master whose long brim hat turns into a moving blade for his fatality. After defeating his opponent Kung Lao throws his hat on the floor which starts spinning like a circular saw, he then throws his opponent on the floor and pushes their head and body into the moving blade with his foot which in turns splits their whole body in half; talk about graphic! (Smith).
Next we have Jax, whose image of fatality is shown above. Jax is a very strong, ripped African American character who looks to be in the army as he is portrayed in a camo outfit. Jax’s fatality includes him pushing his opponents arms straight into their body until only nubs are left. He then rips their heads off and puts a cigar out in the bottom portion of their mouth which is the only remaining portion of their head.
Next we have the only female gruesome enough to make it on the “Top 10 Most Brutal Fatalities”, Mileena. As you can see this Mortal Kombat character is some sort of animal-human mix. Mileena is a seductively dressed female fighter who wears a tight corset and tights to kill off her opponents. Her weapons of choice are a smaller version of a Trojan and a sharp machete. Mileena’s fatality includes her ripping her opponents to pieces with her claws then eating them. You will soon see this gruesome image that ranked number 1 on the brutality scale.
Lastly, we have Ermac whose 20- second fatality preview racked up more than 850,000 views on YouTube along with hundreds of comments of anticipation and fear of what the game would bring (Smith). Ermac is a green-eyed hooded ninja who has telekinesis, which plays a role in his extreme fatality. Ermac uses an act of medieval torture when he uses his telekinesis to project his opponent in the air and twist their limp body until their spine audibly snaps. He then pulls the intestines, organs, and stomach out of the lifeless character and throws them to the ground in celebration of his victory.
These fatalities not only represent the gruesome unnecessary violence of the game but also support the fact that this game glorifies winning one-on-one fights. Not only does the game use infamous phrases such as “Finish Him!”, but when a fatality is successfully completed it shows “Flawness Victory” on the screen which lets the player know the destructive way they killed their opponent is what was wanted by the game. Another way that Mortal Kombat glorifies fighting is that once a fatality has occurred the game allows the combatants to rip out the hearts or rip off the heads of their opponents and hold them up as trophies (Crossley). Lastly, by performing a fatality with every character you can earn the “Bloody Good Time” trophy or achievement. The game honors you for destroying your opponents lifeless body (powerpyx.com).Personally, I believe that the fatalities are glorifying overkill which is definitely frowned upon from outsiders of the industry.
Mortal Kombat is considered one of the most violent games ever, on the Super Nintendo console. Even in its beginning in 1993 the game was in hot water and getting negative attention. Politician Joe Lieberman called reform for the game which in turn started the Entertainment Software Rating Board which we know of today (). This game was viewed as bad in 1993 when the graphics were nothing compared to today’s graphics, so the controversy over this game continues. Mortal Kombat possesses actions that are ridiculously gruesome so its hard for games to compare to its negative stigma.
A game that I would like to compare to Mortal Kombat that does not even compare to its grotesque nature is Fight Night. Fight Night is a boxing game where two opponents box one another. The differences between these games are that in Fight Night you do not fight to the death, the graphics are not as gruesome and life like, and the most negative glorification of the game is that a winner is declared by raising their glove. Mortal Kombat has bloody decapitations, ripping out hearts, and ripping off heads and glorifies their actions with awards, for overkill.
In conclusion, I agree that Mortal Kombat has gone too far. Their graphics and unnecessary violence is excessive and is not good for an industry that is populated by so many younger people. I feel that by giving examples of the grotesque and disturbing fatalities and explaining the awards and features of the game that encourages this violence people would also agree with my belief. I feel that the only good thing that came from the long life of Mortal Kombat being so violent and gruesome is the ranking system that the government has put in place in order for games of this nature to have a more selective gaming population.
References
Crossley, R. (2014). Mortal Kombat: Violent game that changed video games industry. Retrieved December 13, 2016, from
Mule, D. (Producer). (2015). Mortal Kombat Top 10 Most Brutal Fatalities [Video file]. United States: Youtube. Retrieved December 13, 2016, from.
Powerpyx.com (2011.) Mortal Kombat Trophy Guide. Retrieved December 13, 2016, from
Smith, R (2015). Has Mortal Kombat Finally Gone Too Far. Retrieved December 13, 2016, fromLoraterra
Devi Sweetwater
The guildmaster of the Thieves Guild in Kosch Rael
Description:
Bio:
A girl of slight stature and iron will, Devi plays her part as the guildmaster very well. A short, blonde elf with a girlish personality that conceals a shrewd, business-minded individual, Devi has been the leader of the Thieves Guild in Kosch Rael for some time now. Perhaps some long time.
She first met with the adventurers at the Pale Shadow, hoping to establish a sort of agreement with the heroes in exchange for a future favor. She was willing to overlook their attack on her client, the viscount of Vormur, when he decided to default on his debt to the Guild. Now she occasionally pops in on the adventurers to see that they are getting just the right amount of information so that she will have her favor at a future date.Product Categories>Seafood Harmons launches seafood traffic light labels Jun 08, 2016 Harmons has partnered with Monterey Bay Aquarium’s Seafood Watch to show customers which seafood items are sustainable, the retailer announced. Register to view the full article Become a member for free Member Log In TAGS: NewsShopRite says showmanship boosting shellfish salesDec 15, 2017Seafood gaining ground in breakfast as consumer preferences shiftNov 29, 2017Meet Fish 2.0's award-winning businesses disrupting seafoodNov 17, 2017Town & Country debuts humanely harvested codNov 14, 2017 Load MoreLee McQueen, Lord Sugar's Apprentice winner 2008, talks about the importance of raw sales talent as the building block for superior sales in context of findings from Aberdeen’s latest piece of research.
A plethora of technology is now available to manage, track and optimise the sales operation. Yet according to Aberdeen Consulting, sales talent is still considered to be the primary driver of sales performance by 40% of organisations. Tapping into talent isn’t simply a case of downloading an upgrade or slapping on a patch to plug a leaking sales operation. The best companies don’t wait for the perfect situation to improve their performance; they start with raw talent and good processes, and build brick by brick.
Aberdeen’s research finds only a tiny fraction of organisational technology purchases are for sales specific technology. When we say tiny, the actual figure is 1% of 33.5 million purchases, yet the future is predicted to rise to 16%. In other words, the technology industry remains very excited about the potential for these currently vastly under rated and slow to take up tools that some gurus predict will be the new assembly line of the modern day sales function. Assembly line? Will machines really ever take over the sales function?
Lee McQueen, whose business is based on raw sales talent in the search for extraordinary sales people, and training the stars of tomorrow, remains sceptical about this extreme interpretation of a sales replacement theory.
“While the tech geeks with their binary wisdom and their mathematical models might like to think that all customers are rational decision-makers, they are not, and this is where technology will fall down and sales talent rise above. But we’re really not talking about replacement here. What organisation would want to replace? Sales technology is not a sales people replacement issue, it’s a tool of the job”.
There are two thought processes in 1-16% gap; first of all that the lack lustre interest in sales specific technology, with its widgets, gadgets and tools is a sign that it will never replace the need for raw sales talent, nothing will surpass this. Or, on the other hand, that the gap represents a huge opportunity for sales organisations to become more sophisticated in their sales operations so that sales people are rendered more efficient for competitive advantage, but not for replacement.
Yet Aberdeen’s stats reveal that Best in Class organisations are actually less reliant on individual sales rep performance put down to their more sophisticated and superior sales operations namely in their people, processes and technologies which synch together to deliver greater sales performance. This is not the end of the story though, and still fails to explain why sales talent remains as the primary driver of favourable sales performance, and why organisations with talented sales people succeed better than those without.
What is Best in Class? Defined by Aberdeen Consulting as those top 20% of companies from their vast databases who out-perform, year on year, all others, across four performance metrics; revenue, win rate, customer acquisition and profit. A position that any sales organisation worth their salts would eat their hearts out for.
The Best in Class sales DNA is inherently more sophisticated than the rest, yet they face the same sales pressures and every day struggles like every other organisation. Their level of sales sophistication makes them less vulnerable to the vagaries of human behaviour and the pitfalls of being human but make no mistake they value their sales talent much like those less sophisticated organisations who are wholly dependent on sales people.
Aberdeen maintain that Best in Class organisations do not wait for technology or any other kind of sales enablement, they transition themselves out of poor performing situations by systematically changing how they do things with a ‘Rome was not built in a day’ mentality, they start simple and build up, brick by brick.
“In reality, there is no magic wand with one technology solution, how you use and deploy sales technology is where the competitive advantage lies. It does not and cannot replace raw sales talent, but simply enable them to perform with greater efficiency than the rest” says Lee. “There are many other enabling sales strategies, education and training being one which we subscribe to. Sales tech is the saw to the carpenter and the spanner to the plumber, a tool of the trade; the better the tool the more efficient the tradesman can be, but it does not replace the cabinet maker’s skills or the plumber’s knowledge.”
Are sales people the assembly line of workers who will gradually be replaced by machinery? “There is no evidence that this will ever happen, however hard the tech gurus try to make their case” says Lee.
It’s worth acknowledging what Best in Class companies do differently; they’re much better at being consistently profitable in their sales processes, they are more relevant and highly targeted in their communications, they’re more efficient in their sales operations and workflows, they consistently train and retain sales talent and their sales actions are demonstrably more tightly linked to revenue than the rest.
“We know, we’ve experienced, we see every day, that if you structure your recruitment processes around abilities, behaviours and competencies your search for talent can be made more precise. It’s about nurturing raw talent. This is the enablement. Plain and simple we don’t like CV’s when it comes to recruiting sales talent. We believe hiring people based on a CV is nothing more than wrong” says Lee McQueen
Follow the link for more information on Sales Training Powered by Sales Gym 360Title.
Direct to Full Text Article (Begins on Page 25 of PDF)
Posted on March 19, 2012 by Gary D. PriceThe government move to replace the Collection of Statistics Act 1953 with the Collection of Statistics Bill, 2007, empowering the government to seek sensitive corporate data has been criticised by the industry.
In the amended legislation proposed to be brought by the government, an informant asked to furnish any information under the provisions of the Act shall be bound to do so. Moreover, the Bill provides that the statistics officer or any person authorised by him in writing may enter any premises for the purposes of collection of statistics and may inspect and take copies of it.
The Bill provides extensive areas in which information can be collected, said Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The industry felt that power to collect information should be made clear through guidelines to include the purpose behind collecting information and limit the collection to macro level information excluding confidential information, personal identifiable information, sensitive industry or competitive information, third-party information and economic value-attached information.
In cases where corporate companies are bound under confidentiality agreements with outside parties, or in case of price-sensitive information that cannot be disclosed before making a disclosure to the stock exchange under the Listing Agreement, the companies should be entitled to seek additional time to submit the requisite information.
The CII said formal request for collection of information should be made in writing since other methods are unreliable and can be misused by unscrupulous elements, unless stringent safeguards or controls are prescribed to ensure authenticity and confidentiality
The industry felt sufficient time should be given for submission of such information and an extreme step like entering the premises should be backed by justifiable reasons and may be resorted to only when information required has not been submitted even after a reasonable time has elapsed. As statistical information is sensitive, the government should not outsource it to any agency without prescribing adequate safeguards and governance process.
It said publication of information must be permitted only after obtaining a court order and after an opportunity of hearing the informant. A ‘right to appeal’ mechanism against requisition of information should be provided for within the Act. A specific provision that even by filing an application under Right to Information Act such information cannot be obtained by any third person, must be incorporated to secure confidentiality.
– Sri KrishnaMaria28. Odessa, Ukraine
- 117 lb - 53 kg
- 5'6" - 167 cm
- dark brown hair
- brown eyes
- I don't drink
- I don't smoke
- 08/25/1989
- Christian
- university
- Model
- I speak English good
- I'm divorced
- I don't have children
I think I am interesting lady who want to be happy and be in love. I can say that I am trustful and open woman. I do not hide of my wishes. I enjoy life in all its displays. I always show my feelings. I can be direct sometimes. I do not think that it is bad point. Sometimes it is necessary. I have different interests. I like spending time having BBQ on nature or watching interesting movie. I like going to gym. Another hobby is drawing. I like to make something beautiful for my house or for my family. I very much hope that this new dating site will help me find husband here.
I incredibly like to cook, and swimming. These are my two hobbies that I spend a lot of free time. I love a healthy lifestyle, and believe that life should be lived with dignity!
I want to see with me self-confident man. I do not scare about any difficulties. I want to bring all my shine, all my love I have to my beloved.Daily Prompt Source
Critical eye: Write about the subject you usually blog about as if you were a music critic.
0o0
This singer offers a rare talent. I am not sure it would be widely recognised as a “talent”. But it has been appreciated by at least three people, that makes a sort of audience, right? Her rarity is in that she actually believes she can sing and is able to convince other people that “the noise” is actually melodious. Well admittedly they were her friends and didn’t want to hurt her feelings but again that is still an audience, right?
Her “range” is impressive. From nails scraping a blackboard high to sounds like she is in the middle of a fog low. Her Hubby once thought she was strangling a cat and raced down to find her “singing”, well her version of it. Not sure any of them actually find, let alone remain, in tune. Her range is recognisable because she attempts a variety of songs. Songs that she should never have attempted let alone allowed someone else to actually hear.
Her perseverance is admirable, especially in the face of such a terrible singing voice. However this album does offer choices. They include being a practical to do guide on how not to sing. Or as a means to torture your neighbours with the volume turned right up. There may be other purposes and if you find them, then please add them to the comments and help boost sales. Go on you know you want to!!LOS ANGELES--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Goldberg Law PC, a national shareholder rights litigation firm, announces the filing of a class action lawsuit against Barrick Gold Corporation (“Barrick” or the “Company”) (NYSE: ABX) for violations of §10(b) and §20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.
“[f]ull-year gold production is now expected to be 5.3-5.6 million ounces, down from our previous range of 5.6-5.9 million ounces.”
Investors who purchased the Company’s shares between February 16, 2017 and April 24, 2017 inclusive (the “Class Period”), are encouraged to contact the firm before July 10, 2017, the, Barrick made materially false and/or misleading statements, and/or failed to disclose materially adverse facts about its business, operations, and prospects. On April 24, 2017, the Company revised its full year guidance, stating that “[f]ull-year gold production is now expected to be 5.3-5.6 million ounces, down from our previous range of 5.6-5.9 million ounces.” Barrick also revised guidance specific to the Veladero mine, projecting full-year production at Veladero of 630,000-730,000 ounces, compared to the previously-issued guidance of 770,000-830,000 ounces. The slowdown in Veladero production stems partly from a work stoppage at the mine caused by alleged environmental pollution. Following this news, Barrick’s stock price dropped materially, which caused investors harm.
Goldberg Law PC represents shareholders around the world and specializes in securities class actions and shareholder rights litigation.
This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.Nelson, Jandy. I’ll Give You the Sun. Dial. 2014. $17.99. 384p. HC. 9780803734968.
At thirteen, Noah is perfecting his art with the hope for acceptance into a special art high school and at the same time experiencing his first love with a boy in town for just the summer. His twin sister, Jude, is spending her summer being reckless and flirtatious. As the two drift apart, so do their parents, and everyone in the family keeps secrets.
Three years later, a family tragedy completely alters all of them. Noah attends regular high school, plays sports, and hangs out with his athletic friends including his “girlfriend.” He has quit his art studies, and Jude is the one attending art school. Wearing baggy clothing and barely speaking, she has been on a boy boycott, but the young English man who frequents her art mentor’s house may change her mind. The only way the twins can move forward and accept themselves is if they can find their way back to each other in the present through being open about the past.
The narrative alternates between Noah’s perspective at thirteen and Jude’s perspective at sixteen while overlapping secondary characters between the two time periods help the cohesion of the plot. The writing in this story is stunning, especially the sections from Noah’s perspective in which the descriptions match his artistic mind. While this story includes romance, the novel focuses on the twins’ dealing with grief, anger, confusion, and loneliness. They learn how to be true to themselves and how to be open and vulnerable to those they can trust.
Alternating perspectives sometimes reaching almost 100 pages before a change requires patience in a reader, but Nelson has created effective pacing. I’ll Give You the Sun works best with teenagers who enjoy character-driven stories with emotional turmoil. This novel will live up to the high expectations of fans of Nelson’s first novel, The Sky is Everywhere, as well as garner new fans.
Jenna Goodall, Youth Services Librarian
Deerfield (IL) Public LibraryThe Inside Story of DaftBug
At DaftBug HQ in Dublin
we strive to honour your brand or event on a custom printed t shirt!
How did we get here?
Started back in 2011 as AMC Branding by our Chief Executive Bug, Andrew, who is an entrepreneur by nature. Andrew, who has a keen eye for detail and always wants perfection, could not get the look he wanted for his existing business anywhere in Ireland, so he thought “Hey, why not do it ourselves?!” And the rest is history!
From our humble beginnings with our first manual press, we have now grown into auto-presses at DaftBug HQ, running a t-shirt every few seconds; that adds up to a lot of packing in an hour!
Later due to customer demands, we added a sign & print division allowing us to cater for everything under one roof!
What do we do?
We specialise in custom screen printed t-shirts that honour your brand or event, along with a full sign and print division allowing us to offer a full branding suite. Our team print everything in-house at DaftBug HQ in Dublin, allowing for quick turnaround times on all orders, for those tight deadline jobs!
Since the start, we have had the pleasure of printing for both local and multi-national companies and charities both in Ireland, UK and further afield.
Our customers not only include big business, we also work closely with schools, bands and start-up clothing companies.
Why choose us?
Our goal is to provide a hassle free experience by allowing clients to see the status of their order at any stage of the process, from quote right through to delivery, via their account on our user-friendly online production centre. This allows for easy re-ordering of those must have tees! So, if you are looking for high-quality custom printed t-shirts in record time, that’s where we come in.
Please give us a shout on 01 4588870 if you prefer to to talk to real people, or hello@daftbug.com if you are a little shy! We would be delighted to discuss your custom screen printing needs & more.Jean Marie Butterlin sent me this San Clemente Palmazul Update..
Cristina seems to be the best manager that they had and from what I have seen and from what our customers who stay there, she is super professional.
They have invested a bunch of money and also made more rooms available by transforming the 3rd floor apartment into three more rooms.
Vistazul also starts to look very nice, but still far from being finished!
We will have dinner together next week and will have more pictures.
Will see how much discount we can get for our clients on the tour.
On another note, I am negotiating with the owner of La Piedra directly some discounts for your subscribers. Jean Marie
Renovated Palmazul restaurant looking west.
Here are photos of our rental unit.
Kitchen and
View from bedroom of the sunset.…
$135 per night
$750 per week
$1,200 per month.
See how to stay two weeks at our Palmazul penthouse with our surf & turf program.I am a Ph.D. student in Electrical and Computer Engineering, working with Prof. Charalampos (Babis) Papamanthou and Prof. Jonathan Katz on exciting area of computer security, privacy and cryptography. Recently, I am working on verifiable computation, searchable encryption and privacy-preserving machine learning.
My research is generously supported by the Google PhD Fellowship (33 recipients, 3 in cybersecurity, from all universities in North America, Europe and the Middle East).LMB Radio 06-15-06
Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/lyingmed/lyingmediabastards.com/wp-includes/functions-formatting.php on line 83.
RSS feed for comments on this post.
Line and paragraph breaks automatic, e-mail address never displayed, HTML allowed:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong>Sitting in my hostel room with Ye mera india from Pardes playing on youtube over internet through a broadband I read this. Nemesis. Is this for real or am I too young to understand this country? Farmers are being given 2 Rs cheques as drought relief. I have a few questions to ask, has freedom been awarded only to this dark skinned orientalists class of Indians who spend their life in air conditioned rooms answering stupid phone calls Forget about leaders, has the common man lost his empathy bone? Is this some sort of bizzare joke that we are trying to pass off on the most productive class of Indians? Would I (we) really care when Im done getting a degree and job in silicon valley? The answer to these questions I hope is NO, but it sure well doesnt seem like it.
A lot of people have accused me of being emotional, but hey at least Im not being apathetic towards the most hardwoking folks of this nation.
Mansharam, once the owner of 11 acres of land, can barely make ends meet today because his land turned barren years ago. He had to sell off his land, his cattle and give up on the electricity supply at his house.
The government’s cotton buying scheme did award him compensation but the amount was a paltry Rs 2.
A lot of good things are happening they say, economic growth of 8%, internet users growing @ 87%, one million cell phones being bought every month, so the more we are getting nearer, farther we are getting from our roots, so much so that one day that group of people will be completely isolated. For some time they will still keep feeding us, ignoring our ignorance but one day they will give up their ploughing tools and pick up AK-47s and then we will start calling them naxalites. Blood thirsty, selfish, violent terrorist elements spreading fear and hatred!
October 18, 2006 at 4:00 pm
Ye Mera India.. ?? « The Great Indian Mutiny
Ye Mera India.. ?? « The Great Indian Mutiny posted at IndianPad.com
October 18, 2006 at 4:12 pm
Well, we have come a long way from “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan”, a slogan introduced by former PM, Lal bahadur Shastri. Farmer suicides are very common these days because the green revolution has proved counterproductive from a certain perspective. You are right about it having the potential to cause a severe backlash someday.
As for “Yeh mera India”, a few days ago , on the front page headlines of the Times of India it was reported that India pays the most bribes and in that sense is the most corrupt nation on earth. That, I think is the real India apart from the rural scenario.
October 18, 2006 at 4:32 pm
@Hiren: you are absolutely right about the bribery thing buddy! we have just accepted bribes as a lawful act for getting work done, as some tacit concept of corporate governance, and the fact is that no matter where we go, we have to do that.
but giving away cheques of Rs 25 to farmers on the verge of killing themselves, I think is not just brainlessness but antipathy.
October 18, 2006 at 10:51 pm
Excellent post Ujj.
A credible unemployment insurance for people living in India whether they work or not will prevent a number of social issues such as child labor, dowry, bribery, corruption, suicides, collusion, underemployment, desperation, and reservations.As always we are glad to get out of the albergue. Too much chaos in the mornings and the chances of using the ablutions are zero. So we tend to hit the road running. We have become those people who start walking at six in the morning, and not just to get ahead of the field, but simply to get away.
It seems to be the best time of day as well, we are alone on the trail and at peace with the world.
After 5Ks we see a sign that wants to send us off the trail to Arroyo San Bol, our rule is normally not to deviate, but for some reason today we decide to go anyway. After 100 metres we come across a lovely little albergue of 24 beds. We could only get a simple breakfast of briochs and jam, but the coffee was good. Certainly those who had spent the night there seemed to have enjoyed it.
The followin 6Ks was all through cloying mud. We were passed by one girl who came to a halt when she reached a road crossing. She stopped to try and clean her boots and never got going again.
Being a bit more used to this mud stuff we searched out the long grass and managed to to lose most of the mud by the time we reached Hontanas.
We should have done the extra 11Ks yesterday and reached here. There were numerous alburgue and bars, all with Wifi and a range of foods.
Still they say experience is what you get when you don’t get what you want, and we got experience last night.
Then we are back to the meseta. All we had heard about it was rubbish, certainly for this time of year. The countryside is beautiful rolling hills topped with beautiful ruins. The fields are a riot of colours, with wildflowers decorating the countryside of every shade you could imagine. Of course the king amongst these flowers is the poppy, creating great swathes of red across the fields.
Halfway to our destination we pass through the ruins of the convent of San Juan. The road passes right through the middle. It must have been a formidable building in its time and we stop for a rest in the peace of its shadow.
As we approach Castrojeriz it looks a pretty little place and Viv cannot resist taking a few photos of the town. When we get into the town, though, it is a bit of a dissapointment, we see very few bars and albergues. There is a hostal as we enter, but we decide not to stop at the first place we see. We passed right through the town without seeing anything else, not even the place we had seen advertised along the camino.
At the top of the hill, just as we had given up hope and would have turned around, we saw a sign for Camino de Santiago Camping, Rooms por peregrinos. So we thought why not?
We got a double room in a house (by ourselves for now) for 30e. We had use of a washing machine and dryer, so at last we could clean our dirty clothes. Best of all they have a bar and food. I would not need much prompting to just stay here.
Later we were joined by a Quebec man and two Dutch girls in the house. The house was now full but it did not feel crowded like the albergue.
The sun was out at last and we have a litle sun trap in the corner of the buildings. At last a chance to sit in the sun with a beer. I could quite get used to this life.
We finished the night off with a paella, speciality of the house, shared with a Dutch crowd.
One response to “Day 21 16th day walking”
Brilliant Rob – as always a fascinating account of your journey. You must definitely write a book one day, which apart from being an enjoyable read, would help future adventurers planning on walking the Camino. You should also consider writing some poetry – I just love your description of the meseta.
Love to you both.
Irene
X3.10 Lingfield: Maiden Stakes, 1m 5f
Realistically there are only two horses in this race with a chance to win. That is obviously the short odds-on favourite Mr Cripps. His last form in a super hot Newbury maiden reads very strong and he has a prime chance if fit after a 3 month long lay-off, and if he takes to the All-Weather.
Second favourite Etibaar is an interesting alternative, though. He was quite a costly yearling, has a stellar pedigree but hasn’t lived up to it yet. He did okay in three maidens before moving into handicap company the last time. Blinkers fitted didn’t have the desired effect. He was way too keen.
These are off today. Connections used a little break to geld him which could have a huge impact given that his sire Kitten’s Joy has a tremendous record with his first time gelded sons. The switch to the All-Weather should also suit perfectly, given his US pedigree. Only slight concern is the trip.
At 4/1 I feel it is worth a nibble in this otherwise uncompetitive maiden. Mr Cripps may prove too good. But any weakness will be exploited by Etibaar who has a better chance to win than 20% in my book.
Etibaar @ 4/1 Bet365 – 5pts Win
———–
5.35 Tipperary: Abergwaun Stakes (Listed), 5f
The 3yo filly Dikta Del Mar must have a massive chance here. Unfortunately I realized this too late and the price is tumbling. Nonetheless 9/2 proves value given that she hasn’t been disgraced in a couple of hot races this year, following on from last seasons Listed success in France.
She clearly loves it soft and will appreciate these conditions today. I expect her to bounce back from a poor effort at Goodwood, where quick conditions didn’t suit. The drop into Listed class will help today, so will be the tons of weight she received all around.
Dikta Del Mar @ 9/2 Ladbrokes – 5pts Win
———–
6.05 Tipperary: Class 1 Handicap, 5f
Ultra competitive race and I like a couple of these. But for price reasons I can’t ignore A Few Dollars More who is surely too big at 18/1. He wasn’t seen to best effect at the Curragh the last time but might be better judged when there is a bit of juice in the ground as happened on his penultimate start when he won a Cork sprint. This form works out very well.
He is down to this very same mark again, and while this here is a stronger race, he gets in off an absolute feather weight. My perception is that with the soft going likely to suit today, he can be better than his current mark off 76.
A Few Dollars More @ 18/1 Bet365 – 5pts WinI run about 6 foot 3 on a good day. Thus, any form of public seating was very likely not built with my dimensions in mind. The train in which I ride each day is no exception (see above for an example of the seats, minus the video screen, naturally).
However, when having the desire to snooze, I am rarely denied. The solution is to slide my back down in the chair, and press my knees on the back of the seat in front of me, which allows my head to rest comfortably on the headrest of my seat. This allows for a nice 10-15 minute nap on the way home each day and, on rare occasions, on the way in. The only consequence is the tendency for the circulation to be cut off from my lower legs. Whether or not this will casue me long term damage is somethign I choose not to think about, so strong is my desire to sleep.
Today was one such occasion. After displaying my ticket, I assumed the position, nestled in the ear buds, and slowly drifted off. Normally, the body clock senses when we are approaching my stop, and forces me awake well in advance, leaving time to get the blood flowing back to the lower extremities.
Today, though, the body clock must have been a bit out of sync. I recall being jostled shortly before my stop, and thinking "still have time....", then closing my eyes again. Bad move. The next thing I remember was being suddenly awakened as the train was stopped at where I was to get off. Luckily, the train was not going any further, lest I find myself in Grand Central Station.
I quickly scrambled my stuff together, and got up in an attempt to get off the train as quickly as possible. But there was a slight issue here - namley, the fact that both of my legs were pretty much dead from the knees down. After rising unsteadily to my feet, grabbing my gym bag from the overhead rack and securing my laptop bag on my shoulder, I tried to take a step forward. Not working very well, but full of pluck, I gamely Igor'ed my way forward thru the now empty train......I had, by my calculations, about 30 seconds or so to get my ass out of here. Lumbering forward, with slight feeling returning to one leg, I approached the vestibule. I had made it, and was about to be free at last!
But, but.....seeing the crowd of people walking past on the platform, and knowing I had to have some clearance to move while also having little to no confidence that I wasn't about to do a face plant, forced me to hesitate. Seeing a small opening, I managed to drag my right foot behind me and lurch onto the platform. Here is where the strange, sympathetic looks began from the other commuters. As I limped forward, the feeling inching its way back into my blood deprived legs, I noticed that the faces of those around me. In my mind, they were showing an incredible amount of sympathy/empathy for the obviously stricken, but barev and proud, man lumbering toward the escalator. Embarassed at the reaction, I finally hobbled to the moving steps, and hopped aboard.
Sensing the ordeal was about to end, I bided my time as the stairs slowly rose...and rose. Reaching the top, I took the big step toward non-moving ground, and nealry went straight on my ass. The right leg had relapsed! Now I got to limp anew, a bag on each shoulder, through the crowded train station, receiving more sympathetic stairs from passers by. I'm guessing most people thought me either brave, or stupid, I'm not sure which.
Finally, after what seemed like hours but was actually about 2 minutes, the blood flow returned, and the rest of the commuters resumed ignoring each other, as they do. Being ignored never felt so good.Osun State Polytechnic, OSPOLY Iree Pre-ND admission form for 2017/2018 academic session is out online. Qualified persons can now apply for the Iree Polytechn.
Available Osun State Polytechnic Iree Pre-ND Programmes – 2017/18
Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for admission into the underlisted Osun State Polytechnic Pre National Diploma Programmes which would be available for 2017/2018 Academic Session.

Important Information For Candidates Seeking Admission
-.
How To Apply For Osun State Poly, Iree Pre-ND Admission – 2017/2018
Applicants for the Iree Poly Pre-ND admission.
Application Closing Date
Completed OSPOLY Pre-ND:
Our help lines are 08122088411, 08030862530, 07059397105, 08106934345; Email: info@ospolyiree.comJustice: Balance
Analysis:
Things are being judged this day & it is quite likely we will have to work very hard to avoid a negative result. We must evaluate the situation honestly & reassess our agreements during this time. Ensure that we’re aligned with truth, as the judgment will be fair & being on the wrong side of sincerity will bring a harsh ruling inMost of Queensland’s purloined cash taken by corrupt ps bludgers
Heaven forbid your over-looking the first day of April back in my olden days of primary education, especially if your own devilish mind had dropped its guard while being preoccupied with wreaking embarrassment on others. Falling prey to a trickster meant a lengthy loss of face as most smart-arses tried an encore if the first dastardly deed got laughs. Cut-off time for cheap kicks was noon and for he who after that tried to make a dupe became himself one. That might not apply these days, perhaps it’s been allowed to slip into a day-long event for fear Governments be thought as offending their lame-brain base by depriving the dickheads of their God-given right to always be amused.
You can observe a lot by just watching.
Yogi Berra
Ah, the point-scoring attributes of statistics. I’ve already stuck half of those 8 million Australian illiterates in Queensland’s misnamed public service, where the most cretinous become Housing Commission ‘officers,’ an opportune spot from which to hassle their better principled fellows. This morning I am obliged to permit entry to a party of these unscrupulous dunces under the inspection umbrella. That could cover inspection and maintenance of pin head cameras and audio transmitting equipment, but that aspect is generally tended by QBuild agents. And don’t forget the sheets. They might also be here to cherry-pick the best bits.
Cadre queen Dale, ardent fifth columnist absent still, his spy-chief status absolved of normal requirements. Bonus time? His deeds and shafting destroyed lives and tarnished many others, a satisfactory outcome to please political masters. These stand-over systems can’t work at optimum level unless there is an active fifth column, and laze and gen of Queensland, on this score, they are well organised and know how to cultivate the morally impoverished. Average, every day people like you and me would scoff and snigger at these words, but only the opaque tips are glimpsed.
Kisses, Les.
I run two dated letters from a daily newspaper.
I think something to remember here is that the Bligh government takes all of its actions from the standpoint of supreme self-interest. Whilst these actions/changes are marketed by her and her government as improvements to public life, it has always been evident that the intended consequences are to feather the nests of those brokering such decisions. The concept of freedom is becoming more and more of a daily nonsense – we’re merely living in the illusion of it whilst battling our disgruntlement at excessive state government interventions. Governments trying to be fancy (e.g., the Go Card débâcle among others), does not equate to good or wise governing. Anna Bligh would be wise to take note of public disinterest in her and her poor decisions.
Posted by: spider monkey 19/02/10
The Labor Party in every Australian State has managed to pollute and corrupt both houses Colin, so nothing would be achieved. The cost of setting-up and maintaining a revamped Queensland Legislative Council would divert cash away from the annual bureaucrat payoff. In time and far too late for punishment, history will show that more than half of Bligh's cabinet should have been slotted and that the chief protagonist has a high profile.
Thank you strangers.
Tags: He Who Knows Himself Is Rich.By Jacinto Sa, Anna Srebowata
Hydrogenation with inexpensive Transition Metals describes fresh advancements within the instruction of catalysts and their catalytic talents in chemoselective hydrogenation for the creation of excellent chemical compounds and pharmaceutical compounds. Emphasizing using reasonably cheap metals (Cu, Ni, Fe, and Ag) which are usually found in the shape of nanoparticles, the publication presents necessary response mechanism schemes, engineering ideas, and viewpoint for the field.
Read Online or Download Hydrogenation with low-cost transition metals PDF
Similar metallurgy books
Corrosion: Understanding the Basics (06691G)
Provides functional discussions on thermodynamic and electrochemical ideas of corrosion, reputation and prevention of varied kinds of corrosion, forms of corrosive environments more often than not encountered. DLC: Corrosion and anti-corrosives.
High-performance concrete
A whole overview of the fast-developing subject of excessive functionality concrete (HPC) by way of one of many major researchers within the box. It covers all features of HPC from fabrics, homes and expertise, to development and trying out. The ebook could be necessary for all concrete technologists and development engineers wishing to use the striking homes of the cloth.
Intermetallic compounds / 4, Magnetic, electrical and optical properties and applications of intermetallic compounds
Instruction manual of Nanophysics: useful Nanomaterials illustrates the significance of tailoring nanomaterials to accomplish wanted features in functions. every one peer-reviewed bankruptcy features a broad-based creation and complements realizing of the state of the art medical content material via basic equations and illustrations, a few in colour.
- Handbook of Ferroalloys: Theory and Technology
- Physical Metallurgy Principles, Edition: 4ed.
- The Alloy Tree: A Guide to Low-Alloy Steels, Stainless Steels and Nickel-Base Alloys
- Was ist Stahl: Eine Stahlkunde für jedermann, 13th Edition
- Metallurgy Division - Semiannual Prog Rpt [Apr 10, 1954]
Additional info for Hydrogenation with low-cost transition metals
Sample text
12), which is done with the Lindlar catalyst. Another fragrance compound, dimethyloctenol, also has a selective semihydrogenation of a C≡C triple bond in its production scheme. The reaction is carried out with Lindlar catalysts. Because of the toxicity and health considerations posed by lead, scientists are trying to develop a new generation of Lindlar-type catalysts that solely contain palladium. The selectivity is controlled by careful preparation of palladium nanoparticles with narrow size distribution.
G. Manyar, R. Morgan, K. Morgan, B. Yang, P. Szlachetko, J. Sá, C. Hardacre, High energy resolution fluorescence detection XANES—An in situ method to study the interaction of adsorbed molecules with metal catalysts in the liquid phase, Catal. Sci. Technol. 3 (2013) 1497. M. Makosch, C. Kartusch, J. Sa, R. B. Duarte, J. A. van Bokhoven, K. Kvashnina, P. Glatzel, J. Szlachetko, D. L. A. Fernandes, E. Kleymenov, M. Nachtegaal, K. Hungerbühler, HERFD XAS/ATR-FTIR batch reactor cell, Phys. Chem. Chem.
However, they exhibit a remarkable selectivity toward hydrogenation of the carbonyl group, leaving the C=C double bonds in the furanyl ring unreacted. In this sense, Cu has been found to be the most selective among all tested metal catalysts. Selectivities above 98% to furfuryl alcohol have been achieved over monometallic Cu/SiO2 catalysts [83]. Also, monometallic Ag catalysts have been found able to hydrogenate the C=O group of furfural with relatively good selectivity, but not as high as that of Cu.What is Happening and Why I Haven’t Posted in Forever6
August 4, 2013 by stpaulhaus
So it has been pretty quite around St. Paul Haus the past month and a half. I do apologize that I threw out that last post with the news that were are selling our beloved STP Haus without much warning, a full explaination, or any follow-up correspondence.
For those of you that you that we have seen and talked to in the last month you are probably already aware of all that has taken place over the past month, but the majority of you are not. Here is a timeline of has happened over the past couple months at St. Paul Haus.
1) We put STP Haus on the market with a conservative asking price
2) We received multiple offers in the first 2 days
3) We accepted an offer for $10k over the asking price
4) Buyers inspection took place and they asked for a couple minor fixes that we were able to do ourselves in less than 30 minutes
6) 3 appraisals took place. Yes, 3.
7) Another inspection required for the buyers financing took place
8) The buyers were required at the last minute to hire a contractor to do some minor painting on the garage in order to receive their financing
9) Closing was pushed back by a week to complete the required painting and is scheduled to take place at the end of the week.
In the mean time we moved all our belongings into storage, and we have rented a very small and fully furnished condo that is close to downtown. We are currently looking for another fixer-upper that has everything we could ever want and more, on a strict budget. Easy right?
I am not able to really continue blogging about home renovations when I don’t currently have a home. In the mean time I thought it would be fun to play a little game of “Haus Hunters” while we continue our search. More to come on that later.
I’ll stop holding my breath come Friday.
Anyone else out there putting your home on the market or looking for one yourself? Lets talk real estate!
I will miss the best Bed and Breakfast in town. We’ve toyed with the thought of listing our place and returning to family friendly STP and leaving Cali. Looking forward to your next venture!
That would be sooo fun to having you guys back in town for good 🙂 Do you think wifey would like the snow?? We promise to have you over to the new crib when he find one–we will even have a real bed for you to sleep in too!
Congrats! I’ll think good closing thoughts for you! I can wait to see what house you guys get. And I will completely enjoy virtual Haus shopping with you 🙂
Thanks! It should make for some good blogging. I’m just hoping we find something soon. Home searching is exhausting!!
Found your blog googling about St. Paul home renovations – we have somewhat similar houses, although ours wasn’t as much of a fixer upper (here are some recent-ish pics from last fall): and we are listing our house in 3 weeks and currently looking for a house in St Paul that has everything we could ever hope for and more and in the exact neighborhood we want. With 2 kids under 4. Anyway, thought I would commiserate – and I’ll definitely be following your blog now! Good luck finding your dream house!
Thank you! Finding the perfect house is so difficult–especially when there are so few homes on the market in STP. Maybe we will end up looking at some of the same houses?? I cannot image moving this 2 kids–it is difficult enough as is with 2 adults. Hopefully it isn’t too painful for you. I’m glad you found our site! I will definitely check out your blog. I haven’t come across too many other St. Paulians blogging about their home renos and stuff. Consider yourself followed!ILO-TL Office
International Labour Organization – Timor-Leste
Roads for Development Program (R4D)
Re-Advertisement
Vacancy for 5 Positions of Assistant Regional Engineer (UN Salary Scale NOA)
As the received response to the original vacancy announcement of 25 March 2014 was only partially successful, the positions are herewith re-advertised. Interested candidates who already submitted their application are requested not to apply.
Duty Station: Dili (1), Baucau (1), Maliana (1), Same (1) and PanteMakasar (1)
Duration: Starting date 2nd June 2014, initially for a period of 12 months.
R4D is the Government of Timor Leste’s leading national Rural Roads Development and Capacity Building Program, implemented through the Ministry of Public Works, with financial assistance from the Australian Government and technical assistance from ILO.
To support its five international Regional Engineers, R4D intends to recruit five Timorese Assistant Regional Engineers to assist and support the international Regional Engineers in all the aspects of their work. This includes district-level coordination and planning, the implementation of surveys, the preparation of designs and costs estimates, tendering for works, the provision of training to local contractors and staff of the Ministry of Public Works, site supervision, quality control, monitoring and reporting.
Applicants should have a university degree in civil engineering and at least 5 years of relevant working experience, of which at least 3 years in the (rural) roads sector. Experience with the management of contractors is required. Experience as a trainer is an advantage. Candidates should have a good command of spoken and written English and should have good communication skills and knowledge of computer applications. Candidates should have a valid motorbike driving license and be able to drive a motorcycle in difficult terrain/road conditions. It is expected that the Assistant Roads Engineer will have to spend 60-80% in the field.
Interested candidates can contact Mrs. Irene Teresa Vicente da Cruz (irene@ilo.org) or Mrs. Elvia Mesquita (mesquita@ilo.org) to obtain the detailed Terms of Reference for the positions. Applications should be sent by email or in a sealed envelope to Mrs. Irene da Cruz or Mrs. Elvia Mesquita (ILO Office Caicoli, UN Obrigado Barracks, (irene@ilo.org or mesquita@ilo.org), mentioning “Application for R4D Assistant Regional Engineer – Re-advertisement”. Applications should include a motivation letter, a detailed and updated Curriculum Vitae and the names and positions of at least three references. The deadline for the submission of applications is 17 April 2014, 5:00 pm. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted for an interview and a test.
2 thoughts on “International Labour Organization – Timor-Leste – 5 Positions – CD 17 April 2014”
Se rekruta here kompetensi nebe iha kualidade hodi halao dezevolmentu iha timor leste. Hakuak boot .
…
Parabens ba alin sira. Nee nudar espiritu dejempenhu ida ba Timor Leste atu fo atensaun ba alin oan sira seluk nebee iha talentu ba football. Favor ida upload jogos sira nee ba youtube atu nunee Timor oan sira seluk bele asesu hodi hare fali jogos hirak nee.For the most part Matt Lauer was relentlessly trying to bait President George W. Bush into criticism of President Trump. For the most part Lauer failed. However, it would be intellectually dishonest not to notice that Dubya stayed quiet when faced with an administration he agrees with (Obama), and pokes his head up when there’s […]
via Matt Lauer Interviews George W. Bush… — The Last Refuge
Advertisements"Water Bound" by Christine Feehan
Release Date: July 27, 2010
Number of Pages: 480 pages
Publisher: Jove
Language: English
ISBN: 0515148245.
Directions:
This book is going to be our first monthly book giveaway. All of the monthly book giveaways will be a new release and the drawing will be held on the last day of the month and the winner will be posted. For this month the drawing will be held on: August 31, 2010. This giveaway is open to anyone living were Book Depository will ship. The winner will be responsible for checking back to see if they won and contacting me with their shipping address. If I am not contacted by the winner before noon on September 3, 2010, I will draw another winner.
To enter:
(1) entry per comment on
August Monthly Book Giveaway
Posted by Danielle Irby at 6:31 PM
16 comments:
Thank you for bringing this new Feehan book to my attention. I have read her entire Dark Series and am eagerly awaiting the next book to be released, but have yet to try her other series yet. I am definitely going to have to add this to my to be read list.
Wow, this book sounds like a really good read. I'll have to add it to my need to read list. I'm always searching for new authors to try out and haven't read any of Christine Feehan books yet.
Thanks, Melanie
Melanie, Christine Feehan is a great author. She has several different series which are all good but this is a new series for her. I haven't read it yet but I think it will be just as good as the rest. You need to try her and winning a free book will get you started on the right foot. :)
Wow. Love the plott!!!! I should add this to my long to-read shelf! XD
xXMzSmilesXx, I know how long your TBR list is and your never going to be able to finish LOL
Good Luck on the giveaway!!
I haven't read much Feehan yet, but this one sounds fun. Thanks for the contest!
Sarah C
Christine Feehan is one of my favorite authors but her series can be long so its good to take breaks in between books. This is a new series for her that I haven't read but I'm planning to soon.
I am loving your contests!!
I'm a google follower :)
this book looks great, i haven't read any Christine Feehan books, but am definitely going to. thanks for the contest!
Thank you for the giveaway. I've not read Christine Feehan but this looks good.
Google follower.
I am really surprised at how many of you haven't read any of Christine Feehan's books before. She is definitely worth trying out.
Looks like a great book! Christine Feehan is one of those on my TBR that keeps getting pushed back for no particular reason, you know how it is! I'd love to enter your contest (it's international is it?).
I'm also a Google follower!
If you live in a location that the Book Depository will ship too then you can enter to win.
Thanks for hosting! I am new to Feehan so I would love to win! I am a follower!
bsharp88@gmail.com
Thanks so much for this Giveaway!!
I have been wanting to read Feehan for ages!
+2 follower and comment
chidoryx AT hotmail DOT com
I would love to read this!
hewella1 at gmail dot com
Each of my followers mean the world to me and I would love to hear from each and every one of you.
:)Pipe meringue cookies into any fun shape you like!
Chocolate Spiders
Ingredients
- 1 package (12 ounces) semi-sweet chocolate chips
- 2 cups (half a bag) miniature marshmallows
- thin black licorice whips
- mini M&Ms
Steps
- Melt chocolate in the microwave just until melted. I usually put it the microwave in 30-second increments, stirring well after every 30 seconds. The chocolate should not be too hot or else it will melt the marshmallows.
- Add the marshmallows to the chocolate and mix well, until the marshmallows are completely coated with the chocolate.
- Drop the mixture by spoonfuls onto waxed paper.
- Before the chocolate sets, add the licorice “legs” and the mini M&Ms for eyes. (About 2 inch pieces of licorice work well for the spider legs.)
For an added flavor, add some peanuts to the marshmallows. Makes about 20 spiders.
Silly Bugs
Ingredients
- 1 package (16 ounces) oatmeal cookies (the 3-inch round cookies work best for this)
- 2 cups Fluff Frosting (recipe follows)
- miniature chocolate sandwich cookies (like mini Oreos)
- red gumdrops
- cheese corn curls
Steps
- Frost all of the cookies with Fluff Frosting.
- Put two of the sandwich cookies on each cookie for eyes, one red gumdrop for the mouth, and add the cheese corn curls as antennae on top of the cookie.
Fluff Frosting
Ingredients
- 1 container (16 ounces) white vanilla frosting
- 3/4 cup marshmallow crème
Steps
- Combine the vanilla frosting and the marshmallow crème in a medium bowl and mix well.
Meringue Ghost & Bone Cookies
Meringue Bones
Ingredients
- 5 egg whites (make sure that they are at room temperature)
- pinch of cream of tartar
- 1 1/2 cups sugar
- pinch of salt
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Steps
- Preheat the oven to 220 degrees.
- Cover two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
- Put a round number 10 tip (about 3/8 of an inch in diameter) on a piping bag. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar and the salt.
- In a medium bowl, put the egg whites and cream of tartar together. Beat together until soft peaks begin to form. Slowly add the sugar and salt mixture to the egg white mixture, beating well and constantly. Continue to beat the mixture until stiff peaks form and it is shiny and smooth in appearance.
- Add in the vanilla extract and stir just until mixed.
- Piping – For bones: Put the mixture into the piping bag and pipe 3 inch long logs. On each end of the log, pipe two balls on each side of the log. Smooth down peaks that form with a wet finger. For ghosts: pipe the mixture into balls and then decorate with eyes once they are done baking.
- Bake for 30 minutes and then off the oven heat. Do not open the oven door and leave the cookies in the oven overnight.Photo: The first floor of the Enerplex will get some bleachers, after the City received a $22,000 grant – File photo
A recently announced $22,000 grant will add extra bleachers to the Enerplex in Fort St. John.
City Manager Dianne Hunter made the announcement at the regular City Council meeting on Monday afternoon.
But, Director of Facilities & Protective Services Jim Rogers says it’s unknown how many bleachers will be purchased, because the City wants some of that money to go to increased accessibility.
[asset|aid=2106|format=mp3player|formatter=asset_bonus|title=d46cd7b540d4ec3bbfd09f40f30b32c4-Jim Rogers 1_3_Pub.mp3]
The funding is through a ‘Rink Grant’ from the Northern Development Initiative Trust.
Meanwhile, during the routine Enerplex update, Rogers said a compliance team from Vancouver will be visiting the facility on Tuesday. The team will inspect the building and make sure the City is getting its money’s worth. Although paving is set for sometime next year, Rogers says the front parking lot is nearing completion.
[asset|aid=2107|format=mp3player|formatter=asset_bonus|title=d46cd7b540d4ec3bbfd09f40f30b32c4-Jim Rogers 2_4_Pub.mp3]
Rogers says the padding of the oval is in production, and the first of six padding shipments begin next week.
The City announced last month that the official grand opening of the facility will be postponed until September of 2010. City Manager Dianne Hunter says, so far, the plan to phase-in the opening of sections in the Enerplex has been successful.
[asset|aid=2108|format=mp3player|formatter=asset_bonus|title=d46cd7b540d4ec3bbfd09f40f30b32c4-Dianne Hunter 1_2_Pub.mp3]
So far, only the first floor is open to the public.Even closed windows let some air in, but if there’s a noticeable draft coming from a window, then that’s a bad sign. Windows often develop drafts over time because of various factors. For example, wooden windows can become warped the longer they are exposed to moisture. This warping can end up causing gaps in the frame that will let in the air. It may seem like a slight inconvenience but a draft can seriously disrupt the temperature inside your home, which compels your HVAC system to start working harder. This situation often leads to an uncomfortable house and higher energy bills.
Though it is possible to apply weather stripping as a stopgap measure against drafts, a full window replacement is possibly your best choice. Not to worry though; reliable Surrey glass repair services like M&M Glass can do window replacements too.PLAYBILL.COM: What made the Kennedy Center the right place to revive Mame?
Eric Schaeffer: We’ve got a cast of 36 and an orchestra of 24. You can see an old musical really done up the way it originally was. It’s a rarity, but you have the overture start and people start applauding. It’s not just about recognizing the tunes, but just hearing that sound. That’s really, really exciting.
PLAYBILL.COM: As of the present moment, do you think that it will move to Broadway?
ES: I have no idea. People are talking, but I have absolutely no idea. That would be great to cross that bridge. I don’t know. It’s basically sold out in D.C. at this point. The cast loves performing it. I’ve never seen a cast so happy to come to work every night. They’d love to come to New York.
PLAYBILL.COM: While planning the show, did you ever expect it to play New York?
ES: There were no plans ever. It was always to just do it at the Kennedy Center. Four years ago, I did Sweeney Todd with Christine (Baranski). She had such a great time. Then Michael (Kaiser) asked if I could do something else, what would I do? And Christine brought up Mame. That’s how the whole thing got rolling. He asked if I wanted to do it with her. Then we went to town on it. We got the rights, put the whole production team together and cast it. We had a five-week rehearsal period and then put it up.
PLAYBILL.COM: What do you think makes Christine the right actress for the role?
ES: I think Christine has a great comedic flair. She has a great sense of style about her as well. She’s also so out in front. She’s always a little edgier than other people in a great way and those qualities show onstage. She brings all of that and more to the part. She also took singing lessons and her voice is in amazing shape. People, I think, are thrilled when they hear her belting out those songs. I don’t know if they’ve ever seen her do anything like that.
PLAYBILL.COM: Is there another show that you would like to direct her in?
ES: I don’t know. We’re still working on this one. We had a fantastic time working together. It’s been pure joy.
PLAYBILL.COM: What about Gypsy?
ES: I know! We were actually talking about that. Do the whole Angela Lansbury canon!
PLAYBILL.COM: Before directing Mame, had you ever seen Angela Lansbury in the show?
ES: I was a year old when she first did it. There’s no way that could have worked. And then I missed the revival.
PLAYBILL.COM: Have you ever seen Mame performed at all?
ES: I’ve never seen it before in my life! So the first I saw it was when I actually did it. I had seen the film Auntie Mame and made it halfway through the Lucille Ball movie.
PLAYBILL.COM: Did you not like the film?
ES: No, I did not. Does anybody?
PLAYBILL.COM: Do you know the other Jerry Herman musicals?
ES: I know a bunch of the others. I’ve never directed any of them. I did a concert of Mack and Mabel three years ago at Signature. I was in Hello, Dolly! in high school. I played Barnaby Tucker. That I’d love to direct. I think it’s a great show. It would be fun to get your hands on.
PLAYBILL.COM: Would you consider directing a full production of Mack and Mabel at Signature Theatre Company?
ES: I would! We were talking about that when we rehearsed it.
PLAYBILL.COM: If you didn’t know Mame beforehand, what made you want to direct it?
ES: Well, I’ve always wanted to do a Jerry Herman musical. His stuff is much more emotional and there’s a lot more character in it than people think or remember. There was also the thought of taking something like Mame and then saying how are we going to reinvent this thing so that it feels new and fresh. That’s what we tried to do. The challenge of that was exciting.
PLAYBILL.COM: What would you say is the central idea or theme of the show?
ES: Literally, it’s what she says: ‘Life’s a banquet and most poor sons of bitches are starving to death.’ That’s her mantra. It’s all about living. A woman is creating a family and surviving. She creates it through her nephew Patrick and Ito. Her relationship with Ito was not just this servant, but a real friend and someone she could depend on. Ito is her pet way of calling him.
PLAYBILL.COM: What were your initial ideas about how to convey that?
ES: I wanted it all to live in the world of New York. When Patrick enters the city, all of a sudden he’s like a kid in a new zoo. It’s got to be like he’s come to an amusement park. Every scene, he’s on a new ride. In the set itself, we have these towers working as the wings and the borders. We also have that present even in her house. And though it goes through so many scene changes, I didn’t want it to be about that but the characters. So we kept it simple. There’s only a drop that changes as wallpaper, as well as some furniture and the staircase. We wanted it to be cinematic. Once you get on the ride, it just keeps going.
PLAYBILL.COM: And how do you think the audience responds to Mame’s attitude about life?
Well, what I find interesting is when Christine delivers the line “You gotta live,” it gets applause. Nowadays, we’re not living. We’re afraid. The country’s being run by people who are afraid and not saying that this is what life is about. I mean, why can’t we do this or that? Too many people are saying why not, not why. Mame is a trailblazer. Maybe a lot of us want to be those trailblazers. That’s what’s great so great. People can just connect with her and understand why she does what she does.
PLAYBILL.COM: Is there a contemporary celebrity who could compare to Mame?
ES: Susan Sarandon. She and Tim Robbins say what they really believe and they’re out there fighting for those causes. That’s great. Maybe it’s not the most popular thing, but they do it.
PLAYBILL.COM: What was the casting process like?
ES: Well, it was actually kind of great, because so many people wanted to do the show. I worked closely with Tara Rubin. We thought of Emily Skinner right away. I know her, but never got a chance to work with her. We talked about Harriet Harris. Her “Desperate Housewives” gig was up so she could do the role. And then we auditioned the kids and found Harrison Chad. It was exciting because we had great people who wanted to work on the show because it hadn’t received a revival in 20- years. A lot of people go and say wow, the score is really good.
PLAYBILL.COM: How much of the original choreography was used?
ES: None of it was used. It’s all original stuff. We were so fortunate to have (Wayne) Carlyle on the show. We started and we reinvented every number. We have a lot more dancing than the original. That’s what everyone’s telling us. Christine really wanted to dance the part. She’s kicking, doing somersaults over the dancers’ heads, and a split.
PLAYBILL.COM: Were any changes made to the book?
ES: There were some very minimal edits. That’s all we did.
PLAYBILL.COM: How involved was Jerry Herman in the production process?
ES: I made sure he knew what we were doing visually. We went through the sets and costumes in L.A. Then he was here from the fifteenth of May through the opening, which was great. He could see it come together. He was thrilled, absolutely thrilled, and so complimentary about the entire thing. He seemed very happy with the production.
PLAYBILL.COM: What musicals will be done at Signature Theatre Company next season, where you are artistic director?
ES: We’re doing My Fair Lady and then we’re moving into a new building. Into the Woods will open that theatre. We’re doing Saving Amy, Kathy Lee Gifford’s new musical. And we’re doing the American premiere of Witches of Eastwick. It hasn’t been done in America yet. It was about finding the right time and place. Cameron thought it was a great idea. So we’ll watch it here and see what happens.
PLAYBILL.COM: How will this revival of Witches of Eastwick compare to the first production in London, which you also directed?
ES: For one, it’ll be smaller. This isn’t the Drury Lane. And two, it’s such an American show. I think audiences will really respond and connect to it. That’s going to be good. And we’re putting a few tweaks into the show. We’ll see. It’ll be much more of a black comedy, which I think will be the biggest challenge.
PLAYBILL.COM: You’re so well known for your Sondheim revivals at Signature. How did directing a Jerry Herman musical compare to one by Sondheim?
ES: For every show you do, you use a different part of your brain and some creative stuff you didn’t use before. For me, any time I do a show, it all goes back to storytelling and letting the characters tell the story. I approached this in the same way that I would with a Sondheim show. It’s just that sometimes this show is told through dance as well. It was really no different in that sense.
PLAYBILL.COM: Are there any Sondheim shows left that you have not directed?
ES: I’ve never directed A Little Night Music and Anyone Can Whistle. And Bounce.
PLAYBILL.COM: What did you think of John Doyle’s Broadway revival of Sweeney Todd?
ES: Oh, it’s fantastic. Michael [Cerveris] and Patti [Lupone] were amazing. It’s great to see someone totally reinvent it. It’s what we do a lot of times at Signature, so you can stuff you’ve never noticed before in the piece.
PLAYBILL.COM: Would you consider asking him to direct a show at Signature?
ES: Absolutely.1964 Lincoln Continental NO RESERVE!!
- Condition: Used
- Make: Lincoln
- Model: Continental
- Type: Sedan
- Year: 1964
- Mileage: 58,688
- VIN: 4Y82N426615
- Color: Gold
- Engine size: 430CI
- Number of cylinders: 8
- Power options: Air Conditioning, Power Locks, Power Windows, Power Seats
- Transmission: Automatic
- Drive type: RWD
- Interior color: Gold
- Vehicle Title: ClearWant to buy? Contact seller!
1964 Lincoln Continental
NO RESERVE One family since new!
You are bidding on a “one family owned” 1964 Coupe in beautiful gold. (VIN number is 4Y82N426615) This classic is owned by a very well known Baroness who purchased the car in 1964. The Baroness’s second husband purchased the car new and owned it until his death in 1974. The car is currently registered in the name of her fourth husband, s she has never had a driver's license or car insurance. The car has always been the Baroness’s car andalways garaged at her home in Long Island since it was purchased in 1964. This is a great opportunity to own a beautiful unmolested example owned by one family. I am selling this for the Baroness as her husband, ho owns the car cannot drive anymore because of his age. This example is still registered and maintained on a regular basis. It comes with new tires and exhaust. Starts and runs beautifully and rides like a cloud. It has good oil pressure and idles perfectly. Only 58,000 original miles. Original interior, ubcaps, ngine, pare tire cover are all still with this 64 Lincoln.
This is a perfect example to restore or use as it currently sits. It shows extremely well with perfect body lines and gaps. Radio, ipers, indows, ntenna, rake lights, everse lights, eat, nd all interior lights work perfectly.
Issues with this example are as follows: the high beam button on the floor is frozen, he power front seats work except the toggle that moves the seat forward and backward, he AC needs to be charged, ight rear taillight is cracked, aint defect in front hood, ower part of fenders, round gas filler, assenger rear quarter, urface rust on the trunk floor and trunk. (PLEASE LOOK AT PHOTOS, b>and message me for a link to 51 hi Resolution photos!)
If you want specific pictures or have other questions, lease message me and I will do my best to accommodate!
$500 paypal deposit due within 24 hoursYou deserve someone who is proud of you. You deserve someone who will take risks for you. You deserve someone who loves you more than they love themselves. You may think that that’s a difficult task in today’s dating scene, but we don’t. We’re here at TransSingle.com – Transgender Forum and we’re all about making your dreams of love and happiness become a reality. All you have to do is sign up for a free membership today and we’ll start making it happen.
TransSingle.com is an amazing Transgender Dating Site that is based online and is catered directly towards trans individuals only. Membership is 100% free always. There’s no need to miss out, just go to TransSingle.com and sign up today! It’s easy to sign up and takes only a few minutes. No lengthy questionnaires, just creating a profile that’s a true representation of who you are and what you’re looking for.
2 thoughts on “Transgender Forum”
I’m a married crossdresser looking for other crossdressers to mingle
Hi, looking for crossdressers to chat and playfully flirtLink to Post Pals
Our Pal - Katy H
- Born: 26/05/2001
- Illness: Malignant Brain Tumour
- Status: Memorial
Contact Details
NB: this is a forwarding address, we do NOT disclose home addresses
Other Information
- Parents/Guardians - Paula
- Interests - Playing football, walking and hiking, Twilight, watching Peter Andre and Adele, Maths, Lourdes, Lion King.
- Favourite Colour - Pink
- Able to read? - Yes
- Able to use hands? - No
- Visually/hearing impaired? - No
- Suffers from any developmental delay? - No
Siblings - aged 3 to 16 wishing to receive post
- Charley 23/10/03
- Interests:
All things Disney, make up and beauty products, fashion, singing, art activities, High School Musical, Lion King.
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
- Interests:
About - Katy H
Story written 2012
Katy was a very happy smiley child but then one day her parents noticed she wasn’t smiling anymore and it rang silent alarm bells for them. She was also suffering headaches and blurred vision, which at first were thought to be migraines and the CT scan that was done came back clear. After a teacher noticed something strange in photos of one of Katy’s eyes, her parents took her to A&E in October where an MRI was done. Katy was diagnosed with Brainstem Diffuse Pontine Glioma (a brain tumour in the brainstem making it inoperable and this type of tumour also does not respond to chemotherapy).
Katy was given 30 sessions of radiotherapy (the maximum amount allowed) and given 6 – 9 months to live, but 3 months later she is very poorly and in a hospice. Her family have already had to say goodbye to her 3 times although she pulled through each time to everyone’s surprise. She wanted to meet her baby sister so her Mum was induced at 38 weeks and Katy has met baby Scarlet. Whenever they place Scarlet in her arms she smiles.
Katy has stabilised a little but is still very ill. The family are talking to a surgeon in Australia who is famous for performing surgery on those no one else will.
Katy is unaware of her prognosis but the family are in need of lots of TLC and smiles and they would love some cheerful happy post.
Family Update April 2013
We feel that perhaps it is now time for Charley to move on from Post Pals. She has loved every moment of being with them and the post she has received has most certainly helped her get through the most horrendous time in her life. We do feel now though that Charley is doing well and that perhaps it is time for another child to take Charley’s place that is in much more need of some Post Pals love.
Thank you so much for supporting her and Katy, we’ll never ever forget your kindness.
Our very best wishes,
David and Paula
Update 19th January 2012
We are sad to say that Katy passed away at 1am this morning. She had spent the day comfortable with her parents talking to her and playing her Disney CD to her.
Update 17th January 2012
Thank you for sending post to Katy. Her family have now asked ‘for prayers for Katy’s smooth transition’ instead.
Update 16th January 2012
This illness is so cruel. Katy has been up half the night and is so poorly. She is the sweetest girl in the world and with the cruellest illness. What did she say to me at 4am? “Why don’t you try to get some sleep mummy?”.
Update 15th January 2012
Katy is in a lot of pain today and is being given morphine. She remains beautiful and very well mannered, thanking the nurses each time her meds are given and trying to smile at their jokes. I pray so hard all of the time. I draw strength from all your comments and prayers too. I love this girl so much my heart actually aches.
Update 13th January 2012
Our poor precious girl is really not well today. She is tired. I’m sat beside her holding her hand listening to a lovely Barbara Streisand cd. I’m trying to keep the tears away in case she looks at me. I wish I could suction the lump out of my throat.
Someone sent us a scrap book making kit which we have decorated. She wants our Florida holiday photo’s inside. It’ll be so special when it is done. Hopefully she’ll feel better after a good long sleep and then I’ll carry on with my task. We have been offered flights to USA! I just need her to be well enough.
A big balloon bouquet arrived too, thank you Post Pals!! We have had lots of mail via Post Pals too! We also received the most beautiful book of husky pictures all the way from Canada! I can’t believe it; Katy is over the moon xxxx(My first attempt to write a review blog . Please bear with me. )
Price: P879.00
Where to buy: Available via your trusted Avon Lady
Specs: On/Off switch with LED light indication, 220V, 335mm L x34mm W
One of the most important features of this curler is its On/Off switch because it allows you to stop the device quickly once it turns very hot. It is not like the usual curler without a switch that you will pull the cord out of the electric socket just to unplug. The switch will do it for you. (wow!)
————————–
It’s the moment of truth. Let’s see what this curling iron can do.
After curling the hair out and away from my face, all the way up to the root and holding up to 10-15 sec. Here’s the result:
Ta-da!!!!!!
I love it. It works really well. It gives soft and sexy waves.
{I’m totally in love with it, I recommend purchasing it}
If you’re looking for an an affordable curling iron that won’t break or break your bank Avon Ceramic Tourmaline Electric Hair Curler is the best for you. For all the thrift savvy out there who wants to have decent electric hair tools visit the Avon outlet near you or look for a trusted Avon lady.
XoXo
-Jean-
Advertisements“Down in Mobile, they’re all crazy,” or so begins the infamous Eugene Walter’s line. Nothing has brought out the feelings of every event being a party than the cow bells, drumming, second-lining, and other antics of the Causeway Rebellion. Every game is a party, and what began as a simple game has exploded into an event for everyone to take part in. But it goes beyond the ninety minutes.
In our second Fan Reaction, supporter Dustin “the cow bell guy” Wilson explains how AFC Mobile has become part of his daily routine.
I realized how in an almost eerie way how threads of my life connect back to AFC Mobile.
I think there are a lot of ways I could tell you what AFC Mobile means to me.
When I sat down to write this I was so full of good ideas I literally typed 5 or 6 full blogs out and looked them all over with some smug sense of accomplishment steeped in the tradition of a hipster who types poems on an antique typewriter for $5.00 each.
Then I highlighted them all and deleted them.
I didn’t like any of them. The words I’d written seemed disingenuous at best, placating and condescending at worst. Words like hope and pride and community fell to my fingers and spilled onto the pages ceaselessly and in the end, each of the blogs I’d written seemed very much like well written canned marketing hooey.
AFC Mobile is a soccer team. The gentlemen on the team, and the people coaching and supporting the team, play a game. They do it in a place surrounded by people laughing and cheering and screaming. When you boil it down, it’s not much more than that. So despite my un-wavering support of them, I had to ask myself. What does AFC Mobile actually mean to me?
And I thought.
And I thought more.
And about 2 hours and several thoughts later, it hit me.
AFC Mobile means almost everything to me.
I realized how in an almost eerie way how threads of my life connect back to AFC Mobile. I can look back to the tiniest beginnings of the maroon and gold azalea and remember how my U6 coaching debut was against teams coached by AFC Mobile board members. And while we’re on the subject of kids, mine were excited to go to each match and made homemade banners and signs to support the players and coaching staff.
If we are talking about homemade, I suppose I should talk about the custom cowbells and face paint mixtures I bought (because NO ONE sells the perfect AFC colors) to use in support of the team. Being known as ‘the cow bell guy’ was a highlight of my summer year for sure.
Thinking about my financial expenditures in support of the team now, I fondly thought about the smile on my face every single time I wear my AFC Mobile silicone bracelet that served as my season ticket. I wear it frequently; I love the way it reminds me of all the excitement throughout the season. Another outlay was the ticket to the supporters’ bus to the Biloxi away match. That may have turned out to be the best money I spent all year.
That was the trip where people who were just faces in the crowd became friends. The men, women, and even kids I had seen all year were now standing beside me, yelling, screaming, and singing as one single unit. It made me feel like a part of something. My nominal financial investment in support of the team seemed to have had one of the highest returns on investment of any money I’ve ever spent.
There was another investment I thought about while on the subject which was the investment of my time. Silly frustration permeated my thoughts however, when there were no ‘bad’ moments spent in connection with AFC. Whether it was being physically present, recounting matches with friends over pints, arguing over calls by the linesman or the referee, or the time I spend plotting and planning how to be a better more flamboyant supporter next year. There was a lot of time spent in connection with AFC Mobile and the more I tried to discredit it, the more evident it became that it was time well spent.
These thought processes really led me to memories. Surely, I thought, the memories connected to AFC Mobile worth cherishing and holding on to were fewer than I realized. There were those memories of my kids being a feature photo in a recap of a match and how excited they were to wave at all the player each time they went by. There were the memories of watching my friend and neighbor break a rib jumping the fence to celebrate the team’s first win. There were the memories of grown men and women running down to the side of the field to give high fives and hugs to sweaty players who for 90 minutes were the root cause of every emotion experienced.
They couldn’t all be good memories worth holding right? Realistically I won’t remember the smiles on the player’s faces, or the flags of many nations waving at the stadium, or the sore voices the day after matches from yelling so hard. The names of the players, the supporters, the owners. Those are things that surely were not going to stay in my head. The taste of Jepsen’s Malort shared on a supporters’ trip, okay well maybe that memory is terrifying, but the friendship and camaraderie born of that drink is certainly not. I can concede however the swarm of termites early in the season was a touch unpleasant but seeing 850 people all swatting at the air at the same time actually looks pretty humorous and it was towards the end of the match anyway so even the bugs had the decency to not be too bothersome.
I kept trying to find something, anything, even in some remote, Kevin Bacon game way that wasn’t actually connected to AFC Mobile and I just kept failing.
My sense of community pride in the mayor who showed up to a match, the silly second line parade, the Causeway Rebellion, the phrase Sweet Lunacy, the Facebook friend request from one of the star players, (OMG CHISOM FRIEND REQUESTED ME!!!) the fact that in this time of swirling craziness outside the bounds of our team, AFC Mobile becomes a safe unifying topic of conversation that transcends borders, nationalities, race, status, demographics, or any other barrier we can construct.
So when I was asked to say what AFC Mobile means to me, I can honestly say,
Everything.
One comment
Man, I hope you are a writer, because if not, you need to be. That was excellent!!!In the much over-hyped Sydney / Melbourne rivalry, here is one area where Sydney is a clear winner. They have cockroach supremacy. Bigger, uglier, more numerous and more pestilent. And virtually indestructible too. I remember staying in a hotel room in the western suburbs when a gigantic cockroach wandered across the floor. I was armed only with a soft rubber-soled suede boot, and had to pound it to death for a good 15 minutes. Of course, once it lay flat and still, and its guts were safely on the outside of its carcass, I ceased to beat it. More fool me. Five minutes later it was moving across my carpet once more, dragging its guts behind it. See? Sydney wins.
Melbourne has less cockroaches, and their size is puny by comparison. Until recently, when the warmer, dryer conditions forced the humble black bush cockroaches into our city. They are not pestilent or a menace to society, they probably don't even really want to live with us. According to the article you should really just grab the dustpan & brush and whisk them outside again.
So if you see one on top of your cereal box (on top, not inside) there is really no need to squeal, retch, knock it into your kitchen sink and then carve it in two with a butter knife, spray its dissected halves with a liberal dose of fly-spray and then wash it down the plug hole with hot water. That really would be excessive.
summer postcards
18 hours ago
See, now I would think that was perfectly logical.
It was looking at you and you could see its face....shudder.
Perfectly rational response. When we lived on the NTH coast of NSW, I stumbled into the bathroom one night to find them on our toothbrushes!!!! From then on the toothbrushes lived in the fride. We have no cockroaches in Ballarat-too cold!
That's it. I'm with Jodie: toothbrushes in the fridge. Will be asking AB to buy some new ones on the way home ( I FEEL SICK ! )
We had a massive plague last year, I felt like the dirtiest person on earth ( and my mum was living here too, AND we got weevils = bad housekeeping. Everything was awful )
And if you think i'm going to get the warm eco-fuzzies over that article, you'd be wrong.
I'll be getting industrial strength bugspray instead.
The ozone-depleting, bio-ecosystem-destroying kind.
So there.
Hilarious.
Just plain old fashioned funny. That it could drag itself around with its guts hanging out.
Too cold here in the mountains for hordes but we do get the occasional infiltrator.
And they get blasted I'm afraid.
Oh yes, cockroaches are repulsive creatures.
Once a cockroach ran over my arm as I lay in bed. The thought still gives me the shivers.
I can list all the creatures that I'm not afraid of such as spiders, snakes and so on, because I was exposed to them all when I was really little when we lived in South Africa.
However, I had never met a cockroach until we arrived in the States.......they are terrifying and almost unkillable!
Cheers
Oh Yes Sydney is definitely the winner. We have FLYING cockroaches. They are big and they fly across the room to get you. They hang out in the bathroom, the laundry, the kitchen and you must always check out the BBQ BEFORE your guests arrive. Ewww. Did I mention that they are BIG?
There's a little award for you over at my blog. Hop on over and get it! (It'll look great on your mantel!)
Yep, Sydney wins, and this year, they are everywhere!
Sigh. I'm glad it's not just me who has them.
I can't hit a roach anymore. Years ago, I smacked one, quite hard, with a heavy shoe, and it exploded!
All that yellow goo they have inside of them spurt out and hit me in the eye.
I had to lay down for days afterwards, and I don't think I have ever been the same since.
Oh rats, it was one of the great pleasures of my life to spray* the ever-living shit out of them and yell "die you fuckers". How am I going to get my frustrations out now?
*yes, the bad bug spray, the only chemical I allow in the house.
You didn't, did you?
Bush cockroaches are quite harmless. They just look amazing.
I bet you did, too.
I'm sorry, but I don't quite 'get' what's excessive there? Are you telling me that there are people that don't do that?
ps: don't move to a town near a mouse plague. It's not much better...
You haven't been to the tropics, have you? We have bugs here that can pick you up and carry you away. Thankfully the giant geckoes living in the house eat most of them.
My Pete uses a can of spray a fortnight. If the poison doesn't kill them, they drown.
Ha ha ha, thanks for the laugh!
...only thing to do is scrape them up and flush them away!! Yuk - I hate them too! They are smaller here in Canberra though - too cold for the really big ones I guess.
That article?
The bit about the toothbrushes?
The bit about the sewer followed by the vita-brits?
How am I supposed to get to sleep now.
I just thought of a new rhyme along the lines of if it's yellow let it mellow.
If it's black shove 'em out back
If it's brown scream the house down.(and do all that other stuff, except don't make it squirt in your eye)
It sounds a perfectly rationale response to me. I'd do that even AFTER I read that article. Little critters should have evolved a bigger brain by now. Then they'd be smart enough to get squished or carved.... and they would have grown fur or eyes or become somewhat attractive and less creepy.
And now we know why Aunty is the way she is. Partly anyway.
LOL! "Probably don't even want to live with us." Yeah, poor things. Probably we should take up a collection and start a charity for them.
I'm shuddering just thinking about them.
Nothing lives in Norway but Norwegians and mosquitoes. Fortunately.
Heidi
Oh yuck. Do you know, I've never even seen a cockroach. But then, they possibly like sunnier places than Scotland, especially on cold, dark days like today. Sunshine? What's that?
I despise cockroaches. Despise them. shudder
I'm impressed that you got within a butterknife's reach of one. That's brave.
And having read all the comments now, toothbrushes, sewers, inside bits of cockroaches squirting into human eyes, etc, I feel decidedly queasy.
Eeee second that feeling queasy thought. The toothbrush thing really freaked me out.
Sydney may be the undisputed cockroach winner, but Perth (particularly the suburbs near the river) gives it a good run for its money. Hundreds of the blasted things...and big.
Well, I found one INSIDE the new nappy I nearly put on Jessie's pristine bare bottom. Luckily Heath was also in the room, and spotted it inside the nappy before I did, alerted me, and then even took it outside for me! Can only IMAGINE the hysteria (quite rightly, REVVVOLLLLTINGGGG) had I actually gotten the nappy on her bottom. Makes me want to retch just thinking about that. Nice to see you, even though just for 5 minutes. Still smarting over missing meeting Bertie though...2008 Saturn Outlook Reviews And Rating Motor Trend
2008 Saturn Outlook Reviews And Rating Motor Trend - 2009 Saturn Outlook Owners Manualpart of2009 Saturn Outlook Owners Manual. 2009 Saturn Outlook Owners Manual 2008 Saturn Outlook Reviews And Rating Motor Trend with the resolution 2008 Saturn Outlook Reviews And Rating Motor Trend, we provide other similar images in one post, which means this will allow a user searching for a sought picture.Fossil Free Wageningen and RUW Foundation invite you for a lunch-screening of the movie “Disobedience: the courage to break free” on 31st of may, in the Leeuwenborgh, room C64. This is a must-see short documentary by 350.org about adressing unsustainability and came out only recently. After the movie there will be a Q&A about the Ende Gelände protest with Wageningen students that participated. Bring your lunch and we’ll get you coffee/tea for during the movie. You’ll be back in time for your afternoon lectures. Stay updated on the Facebook Event
What: Documentary Disobedience
When: 12.30 – 13.15, 31 May
Where: Leeuwenborch, C64
The trailer:
AdvertisementsTuesday, March 16, 2010
Melissa Francis: CNBC Twit of the Day 3/16/10
Mark Calabria: We need to keep in mind what Milton Friedman regularly reminded us . . .
Mellissa Francis: Yes. Always.
Mark Calabria: . . . monetary policy acts with a long and variable lag.
My God! Melissa didn’t even know what it was that the Catotonic goofball wanted us to keep in mind. But it didn’t matter. She heard the hallowed name of Friedman and she she was ready to start speaking in tongues. “Amen! Amen!” “Glory be to the Chicago School!” It’s bad enough that she cannot bring herself to ask one of these libertarians idealogues whether less government oversight is really the cure for the banking system, do we have to listen to her ecstatic utterances, too?
Labels: CNBC, Melissa Francis
her voice is like nails on the chalkboard.
picking out cnbc twits is easy. much harder to find smart comments
Hey don't diss nails on chalkboard. Some of us actually enjoy that. (Yes, I'm obviously insane, because I think you could replace the expression with "John Lennon singing".)
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure every one of the people in that video seemed to be completely mindless. - March March 2015 winner below.
★Nominate A BLUE Star★
Harriet Creus
Physical Therapist
Newburgh NY Certified Branch
One of our patients’ spouses contacted us about a clinician that he felt provided exceptional care to his wife. He informed us that he has never dealt with anyone as professional, resourceful and caring as Harriet Creus. He said that Harriet is exceptional in every possible way. This patient’s husband further explained about the care and treatment that Harriet gave his wife, which included wiping her tears and being compassionate. He recognized Harriet’s focus on patient care and excellent service. He stated, “Harriet is more than just a therapist - she is a gift." Thanks for all you do Harriet! Selected 3/2015I.
Great find, Kel!
WOW fantastic!
Thanks for re-posting this Kelly - It gives me major kick-in-the-ass for keeping up with my blog...Get an all-over clean with this lightweight, powerful BISSELL® BOLT™ Ion Professional 18V 2-in-1 Lightweight Cordless Vacuum. Features edge-to-edge technology that gets at dirt along the entire length of the brush. Powerful suction pulls dirt off of floors and out of carpet easily. The hand-held vacuum is great for small messes and quick clean ups. Title: One Day At A Wedding Series
Author: Kelly Rae
Sale Blitz: June 8-10
Hosted by: SBB Promotions
.
>>IMAGE.
_5<<
Bonus Story! When Cassie Met Thad
Were you curious about how Cassie and Thad met? Read all about their story in this bonus story exclusive to this version.
>_9<<
Thank you for stopping by! :)GETTY
Ally McCoist believes Rangers will find it incredibly tough to beat Celtic this weekend
Rangers have lost all three matches against Celtic this season with Brendan Rodgers' side taking the Scottish Premiership by storm.
They already have one trophy and the title is all but sewn up leaving the Scottish Cup match this weekend with even more importance.
Rangers will be desperate to prevent their arch-rivals from winning the treble.
But McCoist reluctantly admits it will be a tall order for caretaker boss Graeme Murty to cause an upset in the Scottish Cup.
GETTY
Rangers have lost all three Old Firm derby matches so far this season
GETTY
Celtic are on course to win the treble under Brendan Rodgers
“It’s difficult to gauge the two periods,” said McCoist. “We’re certainly in a similar position now if not worse.
"That Celtic team – although we were dominant – was capable of beating us on the odd occasion. You don’t really see that right now.
“I will contradict myself when I say Rangers can win the odd game, but as we all sit here I think we’d all say Celtic have got better players.
"In the 1990’s it wasn’t as much of a certainty that Rangers would win as it is now saying Celtic will win.
Stars who have played in both Scottish and English Premier Leagues
Fri, April 15, 2016
Get Quotes on Home Insurance)
“Celtic are miles ahead. Aberdeen and Hearts are well run clubs and I have unbelievable respect for the way Anne Budge and Stewart Milne run their clubs – fantastic.
“But can they challenge Celtic? No chance. Celtic have kicked on. It’s not impossible – I think if you get investment you can get players to close gap initially and then work on other things. It’s not a no-hope situation but it’s very, very difficult.
“No Rangers fan in their right mind wants 10-in-a-row to happen but a far bigger issue is starting to compete against Celtic again on a regular basis.
“They’ve got a chance on Sunday; the boys beat Celtic at Hampden in the semi-final last season and played as well as they have in a number of years.
“But the in the last game at Parkhead, Celtic were dominant. Rangers were very good for around 55 minutes at Ibrox but Moussa Dembele and Scott Sinclair took over the game after that.
“Rangers will have to play very well, defend well and carry a bit of luck. I feel for Graeme Murty. He’s in a position he wouldn’t have visualised at any time when he came up.”
Tumblr
RSSIt was raining hard. Every few minutes, thunder would roar and lightening would flash. The moods of the people out in the pouring rain seemed to match the weather: Adri had almost gotten run over three times, and had been pushed aside twice by big, burly men in a hurry to get to shelter. She didn't bother hurrying home, though. She was wet as it was, and could already feel a cold coming on. And besides, what was the point of rushing home to an empty three-storey house?
She rounded the corner and saw the hulking structure in the background. It was her house. Lightening flashed again and for a second, Adri thought that she saw a figure in her bedroom window. Lightening flashed again, and she saw no one there. Shaking her head at her foolishness, she hurried up the walkway. If she hurried, she may just catch the opening credits of Highlander. Adri unlocked the door and stepped into the entry hall, flicking on the lights as she closed the door. She shook her hair, sending little droplets of water everywhere. How her mother would yell if she still lived with her. Her eyes adjusted to the harsh light, and when the dancing spots disappeared, she thought she was seeing things again. In the middle of her hall, right in front of the stairs, was a leather vest.
"What the hell?" Adri said to herself as she picked it up. There was a distinctly male smell to it, so she knew that it wasn't a joke her sister had played on her. Maybe her brother had dropped down from Penn State? She sincerely doubted it, though. They didn't get along too well and he would have called first. Before she tried to figure out who had put the leather vest in her house, she decided to get out of her dripping clothes and started up the stairs. She was surprised to find a pair of leather boots on the first landing.
They were much bigger than any of her friends', so she wondered whose they were. She picked them up and continued up the stairs. She turned down the hall and continued over to her room. She stopped dead when the next thing she found was a pair of leather pants laid out on the floor.
"Whoa." Adri said to herself. "There's some guy in his skivies runnin' around my house?" She dropped the articles she had collected on her trek to her room and continued the last little bit. On her door handle was a black thong. "Hmm...he's not even wearing his skivies." She said to herself. "Hope he's not cold." She threw open her door and leaned in the doorway. There, on her bed amid the stuffed animals and comic books was a naked God of War.
"Ares," Adri said, a little smile on her face. "I should have known, but I didn't expect to find you here. Why did you come?"
"I missed you, what can I say? No one does it as well as you do." Ares said as he stood up. Adri thought, not for the first time, that he had a body to die for. "Look at you. All shivering and cold. I can warm you up, you know."
"I'm sure you could." Adri said as she kissed him. "But I know you. If I let you do that, I won't be making it to my night class." Ares took his time kissing her before he answered.
"Oh, skip it." He said. "Who wants to learn about any other Greek Gods when you have the one who counts right here."
"I won't get my credit...." Adri protested feebly, not really caring about her credit right at the moment.
"I'll help you with some extra-credit research." Ares said. "Wanna meet the others later? And by later, I do mean *much later*." He quickly removed most of Adri's clothing, knowing that she would say yes.
"That sounds like a plan. As long as you promise it's going to be *much* later." Ares smiled and set about keeping her occupied for most of the night.
EndPhotographs by dear mom : )
(H&M jumper, unknown brand pants, Jeffrey Campbell heels and Monki hat.)
Lately I’ve been trying to write a bit but somehow I have the feeling that no one’s actually reading. I guess when it comes to a personal style blog, sometimes less is more. So that you can comment on my lovely red shoes (quoted from an email reply by Victoria Jin) without going through the writings in a painful manner. Alright, just kidding, probably if I write better you would enjoy reading it.
Okay, so my point is, I’ll just skip the writing part this time : P The outfit is pretty simple, a new H&M jumper paired with wide leg polka dot pants – which is available now at ShopStyleVoyager. I also put on my old bowler to complete the look. Yea I know, super lazy inside out.
A picture taken on a trip to the flower market for an upcoming blogger event. I can’t tell you what they’re for now, but it’s gonna be something really exciting. The colours are so beautiful together, definitely my new go to colour palette.
Have a lovely day!
love the outfit and I totally think you should write more! I know that I really like reading what people have to say!
love your lip color!
Bises,
monkeyshines
i rally love those pants!!
I love your jacket!
I’m new in this world, i would like you to look my blog and give me your opinion, if you want!
Thank you a lot! XOXO
I love your hat…I wish I could actually wear hats…my head has something wrong with it haha! I think you should write more stuff, I like reading things aside form the outfit. All outfits have stories I think, it’s nice to hear each story 😀
And, yes! The color pallet is gorgeous!
Love this outfit!!!
♡♡
I enjoy reading what you write, so keep on with the journal, girl! And those dotted pants are darling.
♥, Jamie
love that outift so much! you look great! of course, that pants are…stunning!
nice blog, come to see mine? 😀
xoxo
Love your blog and your style too! if you want we can follow each others!
ooo LOVE that sweater, gonna go H&M tmr to search for it lol but HOW did you wear that?!?! It’s still so bloody hot here -.-
YAY those flowers look really pretty..cant wait to..see..them…later 😀
Since we’re skimping on the writing all I have to say is yay for giant flare pants 🙂
PQP
xx
that red lipstick is SO beautiful!
Very nice look.
Very nice, I like it so much.
This is my our blog. You can share your ideas there too.
your hat is lovely!!!…….hahaha i did read through the whole post 😛
sometimes i feel like no one likes to read my post, just look at the pictures, so i try to keep the text very short 😦 but i read you sweetie 😉 haha
dear did you receive my email?
Today you´re more pretty than ever!!
I just LOVE the whole outfit! The flared dotted pants & the hat… perfect look!
You look stunning!
XOXO
Your style is inspiring !!! Love the zipper on the sweater !!Evening obstinate clock -
Alas, there is no one waiting for me.
My room has no present but treasures the past;
Its walls will recall every breath that we share...
I'm feeling so cold. I break down at last:
My papers will choke on the ink of despair.
My heart's like a violin's sound, unclear;
It's out of tune for a permanent matter.
I'll sign all these verses with only one tear
And seal with a sigh just to send with a letter.
Heartless-can-be? desperate crowd.
But I'm like a magnet - you'll only want more.
You'll figure me out, you'll get to the core -
One beauty, two fears, three dangers - it's me.
You'll enter my heartspace and close the door
For anyone else who I wanted to be.
My truth was denying devotion and faith,
And now you've proved right the opposite true.
A chain of mistakes is the sign of my days;
My strength will forgive me - it led me to you.the university received the invitation by the Engineering Authority of the Armed Forces to set the practical training program there in a keen gesture to elevate the scientific and practical abilities of the students. The summer training committee at MSA University (MSA-STC) arranged the program in three batches, 30 students each, to a total of 90 students, in coordination with Engineering authority of the Armed Forces, the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research.
Photo Gallery:Searching for similar_to_159783924227_bubblyness_x : 1 results found | RSS Feed for this search
Image from ?Pictures of Travel, and other poems, etc?, 000259927
DescriptionImage from ?Pictures of Travel, and other poems, etc?, 000259927 Author: BELL, Henry Thomas Mackenzie. Page: 10 Year: 1898 Place: pp. 108. Hurst & Blackett: London, 1898_159783924227_published_date | similar_to_159783924227_slantyness | similar_to_159783924227_bubblyness_x | face_detected_420left_321top_956right_857bottom
License
Site sourced from
AttributionClick to get HTML | Click to get attribution | Click to get URL
All metadataSee all metadataThe Love Boat Collectors Edition-ZEKEDec 30
Release Description:?
Anything is possible on the Love Boat!
- Join the Love Boat crew on another spectacular cruise
- Help your favorite characters across 60 Levels
- 30 extra challenges to complete
- Take a cruise down memory lane!
Genre: Time Management
Release Name: The.Love.Boat.Collectors.Edition-ZEKE
Size: 367 MB
Links: BIGFISH | NFO | Torrent Search
Download: UPLOADGiG – NiTROFLARE – RAPiDGATOR
Previous post:Heroes of Hellas 4 Birth of Legend-ZEKE
Next Post :Downsizing 2017 TS XViD-BL4CKP34RL
Next Post :Downsizing 2017 TS XViD-BL4CKP34RLThe last few posts have been, um, kind of heavy, haven't they? Surgery fears, more than we can handle, discontent ... string them all together and the picture is decidedly skewed toward the dark side. (Yes, I know: if I wrote more frequently this might not be an issue). I do end up using this space as therapy, and you may feel in need of some after you read it!
There are many good things going on right now in the midst of the craziness that is summer. The children and I have 5 weeks under our belts, 6 more to go. Sure, there's the daily squabbles, but no one has yet threatened to run away or hide in the bathtub for the afternoon. I have 6 fun events saved up my sleeve, one for each remaining week, which feels like money in the bank. The guest house rental is going reasonably well - everyone seems to be enjoying themselves, and our daughter is thrilled that several visitors have had girls her age. Oh, and airconditioners, even the window unit kind, get my vote for best top 10 inventions ever. Nate and I get to talk almost every day, and I'm actually remembering to send notes and care packages on a semi-regular basis.
We even have room for some long planned extras like swim lessons, an upcoming 2 days off for me (hallelujah! hallelujah! .... ) and a possible day camp. I'm learning to let the housework go a bit, and expand my "messiness comfort zone." Hey, the children are over getting their own breakfasts while I write this. They're probably watching a video and eating cornflakes in the living room, but at least they're getting independent. So many things to be thankful for!5 games/series to celebrate the year of the Monkey this Chinese New Year
Did you know 2016 is the Year of the Monkey on the lunar calendar? If you're not lucky enough to find yourself smack-dab in the middle of a Chinese New Year party, you probably won't have much reason to care that Chinese New Year is coming up on February 8th.
You may not be celebrating directly, but some games can get you in one the monkey action this year. Monkeys and apes have been prevalent as main characters and enemies in video games since Donkey Kong's rise in arcades in the early 1980s. If you want to give the Year of the Monkey the attention it deserves, this is the right way to do it. Sort of.
So what game is the first one to grace our list? With so many options out there, it could be anything -- but it's not. It's..
The Monkey Island series
Perhaps one of the first series any long-time gamer thinks of when someone says "monkey" is the classic LucasArts adventure series, Monkey Island. I mean, what else could it be? Adventure games that are more limited on their monkey usage, obviously.
Guybrush Threepwood's first attempt at piratedom and clash against the nefarious LeChuck arrived on limited gaming platforms and PCs in 1990 and spawned four sequels, the last of which saw its release in 2009 after being developed by (the now well-known) Telltale Games.
The Monkey Island games aren't known by fans of the genre to be the toughest point-and-click adventure games out there, but they do still pack a hefty mental challenge for all skill levels, and the humor and charm of the series is still renowned today.
The original The Secret of Monkey Island is still a great starting point, and the 2009 re-release with optional updated visuals and music is available for iOS, PC, Mac, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 for cheap. Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge got the same treatment. The third game, The Curse of Monkey Island, wasn't so lucky.
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze
A game many Wii U owners regard as one of the best games on the console has so easily found its way onto this list that it's a bit sickening. Apes as protagonists and tight, difficult gameplay in this day and age? Come on, man. That's not what modern gaming is about.
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze isn't what you'd expect from a big game released today, but it is a faithful and gorgeous throwback to Donkey Kong Country on the Super Nintendo, and a more than worthy sequel to Donkey Kong Country Returns on the Wii.
The game more than fits the Year of the Monkey bill, but it's tough as nails. Gamers with low-to-no patience need not apply to Donkey Kong's most recent platforming adventure. Those who can withstand the challenge have what is definitely one of the best Nintendo platformers released in years ahead of them.
Bloons TD5
I defy you to find a series more monkey-packed than the Bloons TD games. This well-known tower defense title has been knocking around on browsers since 2007, and it first found its way to mobile devices with Bloons TD4 in 2010.
Bloons TD5 is the most fleshed-out addition to the series. While Bloons TD Battles and Bloons Cities are booming on browsers and mobile, TD5 is the the biggest in terms of sheer content, and is generally a more varied experience than Battles and Cities.
You've got monkeys in airplanes, monkeys with corrosive glue guns, ninja monkeys, monkey banana farms -- there are just a ton of monkeys in TD5, and each one has a use for one playstyle or another. There's a reason this is regarded as one of the best tower defense games out there, and it's not just because of the monkeys.
Temple Run 1 & 2
Like it or not, Temple Run and its sequel are some of the most popular games ever made, thanks to their dominance on mobile devices. There's something to be said about the simple fun endless runners provide, that much is for sure.
If you've never played Temple Run, you wouldn't know that the "big bads" in the games are evil demon monkeys hungry for the flesh of the player. These carnivorous antagonists (who definitely look more like apes than monkeys) are a constant threat in the Temple Run games, and are always on the heels of an unlucky player.
These are certainly the most intimidating monkeys on this list, and I would definitely not want to run into one in a back alley. You get a look at these guys enough while playing the game that it's impossible not to include the Temple Run series in our Year of the Monkey game list.
Ape Escape trilogy
What!? You forgot about SCE Japan Studio's monkey-catching action-adventure games? Oh, the humanity! You need to remember the Ape Escape series, stat. Otherwise I'm just going to feel disappointed.
The first Ape Escape was the first game to require the use of analog sticks on the PlayStation, and it set the stage for some unique gameplay and controls that not many other games have decided to imitate. And man, there are a ton of monkeys to capture.
The original trilogy is the best of what Ape Escape has to offer in English, with the sequels improving upon the original formula. Further entries to the series are either Japan-only or spin-offs which don't really live up to the monkey-catching hype. And it is pretty hype.
The entire Ape Escape trilogy encompassing the first three games can be found on the PlayStation Network today, but if you're a physical copy junkie you can pick up the first entry on the PlayStation or PSP, and Ape Escape 2 and 3 on the PlayStation 2. There really is no better game series to celebrate the Year of the Monkey with.
What are you favorite monkey related games? Let us know down in the comments!Mounting research continues to show the links between the health of the gut and that of the brain. Now, a new study from Lund University in Sweden finds that unhealthy intestinal flora can accelerate the development of Alzheimer’s disease.
The report, published Feb. 8.
 of your gut bacteria, by eating lots of whole-grains, fruits and vegetables.”
In the new study, Hållenius and her colleagues revealed a direct causal association between gut bacteria and signs of Alzheimer’s in mice..My computer is so magical. It not only sucks my time away but it also teaches me completely useless information I can pass down to my unborn children. But considering the amount of time I spend with this machine I might just be sterile and not have any offspring to share the wonders of its magic.
Oh internet, I want so badly to have all of your information babies. Let's go steady....forever.
Here is one information baby I made:
followed by an educational video on smoking smarties...enjoy
Today's breakfast was a large cup of ginko IQ tea followed by grilled chicken salad for lunch, then a small bowl of goya lentils and rice for a snack. Tonight's dinner forecast looks like Colombian Tapas...mmmmmm...his taste is still on my mind.Lord Chorley: A lean and hungry man, my Lords. I suspect that the devil is in the Treasury.
Lord Birkett: My Lords, I am relieved to know that the noble Lord is not Brutus after all. Thanks to the noble Viscount, we are debating provincial repertory theatres. But my remarks apply to music and dance, and indeed to all the performing arts. We hear much about education in the arts--by which I mean not only schools, colleges and universities, but all the specialised academies of music, film, dance and drama. Indeed, I am fortunate in being chairman of the governors of a very special school for the performing arts, the BRIT School in Croydon.
We also hear much of the great national showcases--the pinnacles of achievement--the Royal National Theatre; the Royal Shakespeare Company; perhaps
But between education and those pinnacles of excellence there must be a great hinterland of opportunity. If opportunity to practise their art professionally, within modest circumstances, opportunity to grow, to improve and refine their art, is not provided for our young artists, then the arts themselves will wilt and perish.
Ministers in governments of all complexions are fond of paying tribute to the enormous artistic riches and the brilliant individual talents that are to be found in this country. But, unless governments pay serious and timely heed to this great middle ground of repertory work in all the arts, a nationwide infrastructure of opportunity, there will be no more ministerial speeches of congratulation because this country will no longer be pre-eminent in the performing arts. The speeches may not be missed, but the pre-eminence most surely will. The nation will be the poorer for it.
Lord Puttnam: My Lords, I thank noble Lords very much for allowing me to speak briefly in the gap. As some may know, I was given the opportunity by the Government this week to contribute somewhat towards discovering, supporting and helping talent in this country. I felt that this debate, thanks to the noble Viscount, was an opportunity to touch on the subject.
What I see as needed in order to bring forth and sustain repertory in this country is something of a new paradigm. There is no point in pretending that things can go on exactly as they have in the past. I spend much of my time at the moment in the North East, I came back last night from Sunderland. What has evolved in the North East over the past half-dozen years is interesting. I would describe it as an instinct for partnership. Brand new forms of partnership are being created, libraries are being reconsidered, museums are being rethought as part of the community. These partnerships tend to be formed between the education sectors, further and higher education colleges, local authorities and the private sector. It is in that area that the future for regional and repertory theatre must lie.
Frankly, we are already benefiting enormously from the enthusiastic co-operation that is arising, but it is arising only patchily and in various parts of the country. I urge the Minister to look at good practice where it occurs around the country, look at where local authorities are showing an interest, look at where universities are becoming involved and interested in the opportunities for theatre in their localities and see what can become of it.
It is clear that the resources are available, the talent is available. The noble Lord, Lord Birkett, rightly pointed out that we desperately need the opportunity for talent to display itself and gain the confidence to move on to bigger and, in many cases, better things. I am quite convinced that around the country the opportunity for partnership is bringing together differing groups who
The Viscount of Falkland: My Lords, I too thank the noble Viscount for the chance to speak about repertory theatre. I am glad that in the gap we had an interesting and instructive intervention from the noble Lord, Lord Puttnam. Perhaps I may pick up one point that he made, that it is unrealistic not to expect things to change. I am passionate about performance, whether it be in theatre, dance or film. In my younger years I worked as an agent and I have much experience of repertory from an agent's point of view. I must have travelled the length and breadth of the country, rather like a trainer of race horses, examining how his string was getting along.
To an agent, the repertory system in those days, 30 or 40 years ago, was that if a young student at a drama school was lucky enough to be taken under an agent's wing, the agent would first try to get him into a repertory company. It was all very well to come from a drama school with a good reputation, sometimes with prizes, but students learnt in repertory how to develop a range and to prove their stamina. That is very important in acting, and we have here today the noble Lord, Lord Rix, who is a living testament to stamina and good health. That is much needed in the theatre. I do not say that nowadays young people who are not able to get into the fewer repertory companies do not need the qualities of strength and stamina. I am quite sure they do. Those qualities are needed in the fringe theatre which has to an extent taken up some of the students who, 30 years ago, would have gone into repertory.
What worries me is the effect of the decline of repertory companies. If one is realistic, the decline will continue in the same way as music hall unfortunately ultimately came to an end with the disastrous effect that has had on British comedy. I hope that the disappearance of the repertory company will not have the same effect on the legitimate theatre.
I do not know what proposals the Government have, but it seems to me that the training of young talent is one of the most important aspects. As has been mentioned, the drama schools cater for the need in Wales, and LAMDA has been mentioned where the course includes theatre management and other aspects which would have been rare in the old days. Multi-talented graduates are coming out of the drama schools, but whether they will go on to become brilliant performers such as Prunella Scales I do not know. The other night in a fascinating interview on television, she gave great credit to repertory when she was complimented on her great range. She said that without repertory and playing a number of exacting parts over a year, she would not have had the range which has been one of the characteristics of her fine career.
Another point which bothers me is that when and if the repertory theatre almost disappears, I hope that where it is still relatively strong, we shall find a way of sustaining it. I hope that if the repertory theatre goes,
I end on that note. There is a great need to train young people in a way that makes up not only for the disappearance of repertory companies but also the content of British theatre, which was ably and on low budgets displayed by repertory companies the length and breadth of the country. What will the Government do? Perhaps the Minister will have something to say about it. The Government have a useful role in ensuring that the great repertoire does not disappear.
Baroness Rawlings: My Lords, I should like to thank my noble friend Lord Montgomery for introducing this debate with impeccable timing, on the very day of the Comprehensive Spending Review announcement.
The Treasury's allocation to the DCMS, representing an extra £290 million over the next three years, is disappointing. As Chris Smith said,
Yet that very same government do not live up to this extraordinary realisation. It does not bode well for the DCMS clients. We urge the Minister to give the House assurances that within those constraints, the provincial repertory theatres are going to be given the utmost priority, not just vague phrases like
to quote from the review.
I wish to congratulate the noble Lord, Lord Puttnam, on becoming the first chairman of NESTA. With its initial endowment of £200 million I am sure he will fulfil the role admirably. He was most supportive of NESTA during the lottery Bill and, as a past member of the Arts Council, responsible for distributing funds, he will surely do it well. Knowing his interest in acting, I hope he will not forget the regional theatres, especially as the Government have announced extra funding for the sciences.
I shall not detain the House except to make two points. First, as many noble Lords highlighted tonight, the theatre funding crisis is only partly a problem of revenue funding. Many theatres are in desperate need of refurbishing their buildings, but they are unlikely to benefit from the National Lottery as a consequence of the recently introduced changes.
The Conservatives set up the lottery in recognition of the long-standing neglect of the fabric of our cultural institutions, including theatres. The Theatre Trust
Secondly, we urge the Government to look properly at the Italian funding arrangements for lyric theatres--adaptable to dramatic theatres. They are neither wholescale privatisation nor mere partnership. I know it is unusual to give an Italian example. However, the Italian Government are seeking to reduce public expenditure by encouraging the private sector to fund theatres up to 40 per cent. of their budget. In order to do so, it allows individuals and businesses to deduct from their tax liability 30 per cent. of contributions of over £300,000 made to a theatre and given repeatedly for three years.
The founders are entitled to AGM votes. If their contribution amounts to 12 per cent. of the grant-in-aid, they are entitled to a place on the board. The board approves the artistic programme, as proposed by the Sovraintendente, who appoints the music and artistic directors and prepares them with the artistic programme. The balance between public and private as well as the management structure appears to shield artistic policy from undue interference on the part of the founders.
Those arrangements would seem to be an imaginative way to secure funding for cultural institutions by creating a private-public partnership--exactly as the noble Lord, Lord Puttnam, said. I trust that he, and it, can be a source of inspiration for the much needed overhaul of arts funding.
Lord McIntosh of Haringey: My Lords, we are all grateful to the noble Viscount, Lord Montgomery of Alamein, for introducing this debate on an extremely serious subject and for attracting such a remarkable range of well-informed speakers this evening. It is a tribute to their professional training that they have been able to do it so effectively within the short amount of time available for speeches.
I am only disappointed in the noble Lord, Lord Rix. I thought that, after 10,000 examples, he might have given us a tip or two about how to find one's trousers in a pool around one's shoes. Is it by loosening the braces? Is it by special arrangement connecting the braces and the trousers?Find more Truax relatives and grow your tree by exploring billions of historical records. Taken every decade since 1790, the U.S. Federal Census can tell you a lot about your family. For example, from 1930 to 1940 there were 510 less people named Truax in the United States — and some of them are likely related to you.
What if you had a window into the history of your family? With historical records, you do. From home life to career, records help bring your relatives' experiences into focus. There were 3,245 people named Truax in the 1930 U.S. Census. In 1940, there were 16% less people named Truax in the United States. What was life like for them?
In 1940, 2,735 people named Truax were living in the United States. In a snapshot:
As Truax families continued to grow, they left more tracks on the map:The businesses and companies of Merseyside and the surrounding area have been given a real boost as plans for their improved conference and events centre become clearer. The £40m ACC Liverpool development has made a new appointment to add to its team of experts who will be running the new exhibition and events facility when it opens in 2015. Ian Senior, a previous conference and exhibition manager for the University of the West of England, has joined the team which is responsible for drumming up interest and generating business for the venue, which has grand ambitions for the future of exhibitions in Liverpool. “I look forward to expanding on the groundwork already established by the ACC Liverpool team in breaking into this market and hope my enthusiasm, experience, contacts and passion for the sector will help to generate some excellent events,” he says. The increase in event will be vital and an exciting progression for those who already take their banner stands and displays to exhibitions in the area.
The sales team that Ian Senior will join will be tasked with promoting what will become a one-of-a-kind venue, and the jewel in the North West’s conference crown. When completed, ACC Liverpool will be the only purpose-built arena, convention and exhibition complex in all of Europe. It will draw attention and hold events from across the globe and be a huge platform for many to showcase their services and products.
The existing space at ACC Liverpool, which is home to the BT Convention Centre and the Echo Arena, is expanding from 7,125 square metres of exhibition space to almost twice that size; 15,225 square metres of space, as well as a hotel for those taking budget exhibition stands to a conference or event. The expanded centre will hold trade fairs, consumer exhibitions, international conference and other large-scale events which will see people flock from all over the world to do business on Merseyside. Concerts will be held, with standing capacity of 10,000, as well as galas, banquets and special events on a large scale. It is great news for businesses in the North West of England, and indeed the rest of the UK, as their displays will be seen by a much broader audience as a result of the increased capacity of the exhibition spaces.
The development is set to start construction at the end of this year, and with 2015 mooted as the intended completion date, businesses in the area have plenty of time to prepare their pop up banner stands and hone their marketing qualities at smaller exhibitions before they take their business onto a huge international stage. The opportunities the new venue will offer are endless for businesses across the country, and the appointment of Ian Senior to oversee the sales process is an important step in the Liverpool ACC declaring their ambition and intent for the future.Avada Guided Tour10/05/2017
Avada Guided Tour
This video gives you a tour of Avada. It shows you it’s key features and layout, as well as how to build main sections of your website.
Please Note: For optimal viewing experience, please make sure to watch this video in full screen at 720p or 1080p HD by selecting those options in the bottom bar of the video.At this point, we thought we'd seen just about everything Nine Inch Nails could do to show their support for beloved music photographer Andrew Youssef. He's already going down in history for having one of the most legendary NIN fan experiences ever, thanks to the time spent with Trent Reznor and company before their fall arena tour. Since learning about Youssef's battle with Stage IV colon cancer, there's no question the band and its team have formed a genuine bond with one of its biggest and most deserving fans. Youssef chronicled the experiences in his Last Shot column, which delves into his experiences fighting cancer through his love of music.
See Also: Terminal Cancer Allows Me to "Make a Wish" with Nine Inch Nails
But when the veteran photographer unexpectedly answered a FaceTime chat with Reznor on November 16, days after seeing NIN perform at the Staples Center on November 8, it turns out he got an even better seat to the show at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. Just before launching into their song "In This Twilight," (the title of one of Youssef's most brave and devastating posts), Reznor gave Youssef a special dedication that's probably still ringing in his ears, even though he was too physically drained to be at the show. Check out the video below to see what we mean.
See Also: For Photojournalist Andrew Youssef, Life Was Music. Then Came CancerLevski Sofia - Cherno More Varna (Bulgaria - First League)
The match Levski Sofia - Cherno More Varna started at 20:00 on 17 April 2011.
Match result Levski Sofia - Cherno More Var 20:00 Levski Sofia - - Minior Pernik
CSKA Sofia - Slavia Sofia
Check out historical odds for the matches of these teams in Archive Bulgaria section.Yesterday my sister in law came to visit. Our nephew is having his holiday, so maybe visiting the alien auntie is in their school holiday itinerary. I am glad that she came to visit though, especially because yesterday the weather was really poo, and it made it incredibly difficult to go to the city centre to meet up. I don’t have a car… that’s why.
Anyway…
Like usual, when my wonderful SIL and I meet up, we would end up spending hours talking and updating news. She would tell me about the latest news about his husband and our nephew, and I would tell her about Grumpy — her brother.
It is stereotypical isn’t it? That the female members of the family have become the ambassador for the family. They would socialise, share and spread information, and keep the relationship between the families intact. My mum does that too with her SILs — my aunts.
So, in between the conversation, the story about our holiday to Hungary came up. Just in a flash, and not as in a full on holiday story with photos and everything. But, that’s enough to remind me that I haven’t even finished my holiday story here! I just told you about Budapest, but not about Tokaj.
What a horrible horrible person I am.
Now… do you still want to hear about it? I mean… not that it matters because I will tell you about it anyway — next time.
For now? Let me dig up the holiday photos before writing again…New England Cocktail Sauce
Details
Base$5.95
Item: 150807
Everybody knows that the best New England Cocktail Sauce comes from Maine
Product Actions
Additional Information.
Details
Made in USA
- Suggested Uses
- Serve with seafood, chilled shrimp or mix some in your favorite Bloody Mary recipe for a great twist of flavor.
- Weight
- 8.25 oz
Nutritional Info
- Ingredients
- Tomatoes (fresh vine-ripened california tomatoes, tomato puree, salt, citric acid), Horseradish (horseradish roots,vinegar, salt), Agave Nectar, Tomato Paste, White Vinegar, Worcestershire Sauce (distilled vinegar, molasses, water, sugar, onions, anchovies (fish), salt, garlic, cloves, tamarind extract, natural flavors, chili pepper extract), Water, Lemon Juice, Pure Cane Sugar, Salt, Garlic Powder, Chili Powder, Pepper Sauce (cayenne peppers, vinegar, salt, natural flavor, garlic), Onion Powder, Spices.
- Allergens
- FISH
Non-Gluten Ingredients
Recipes
Prepare your summer seafood
As Mainers, we take our seafood seriously. From our Maine beaches to your backyard, enjoy our tips on how to source, shuck and slurp down oysters this summer. First, find fresh, live oysters. Hold the oysters firmly with a towel and place an oyster knife tip between the two shells at the “hinge.” Twist the tip to pop the shell. Slide the knife further in and scrape it under the oyster to release it from its bottom shell. Squeeze fresh lemon, and add some yummy cocktail sauce. Enjoy!Editing photos {been awhile seeing I’ve been using my phone all the time. Nice to change it up a little} ~ Playing with Papa ~ Baked apples make for a good snack {make sure to use tart ones though!} ~ Chubby face!
Goodies for the neighbors. These boxes were so easy and fun to make! ~ Visiting with Grandma ~ Lots of walks these days ~ Beautiful sunset!
Advertisements
2 thoughts on “Life lately”
How did you make the boxes?
Followed a tutorial! I added the link. :) Amish Pot Roast
We are adding the recipe to your Recipe Box.
The recipe was added to your Recipe Box.
You must be logged in to add a recipe. Login | Register
We have a wonderful recipe to use for your next large family gathering. Slow Cooker Amish Pot Roast will taste delectable after simmering in your slow cooker for many hours. The meat will simply melt in your mouth during that very first bite. Your slow cooker will provide moist and flavorful qualities that your slow cooker pot roast would never achieve being cooked in your oven. The coffee, Worcestershire sauce, and soy sauce help bring the roast a very interesting flavor. Make this recipe for your next dinner party. Pair it with some mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables. Your guests will oogle over their dinner.
Serves6
Preparation Time15 min
Slow Cooker Time LOW9 hr
OccasionCasual Dinner Party, Family Get Together
MealDinner
Tags / Related Topics
Your Recently Viewed Recipes
Images from other cooks
Be the first to upload your own image for this recipe!
Free projects, giveaways, exclusive, partner offers, and more straight to your inbox!
SissieSass
Nov 30, 2017
I only have the dried oregano. How much of it can I use to make the Amish Pot Roast? I love Amish dishes because they are homemade and they use fresh ingredients. I just don't have the oregano on hand at this time of year. It is so expensive in the grocery store during the winter months.
Editor Natalie
Dec 01, 2017
Hi SissieSass, you'll want to use about 1 1/2 teaspoons of dried oregano since ground oregano is more potent than the dried leaves. -Текст песни Darkthrone - In The Shadow Of The Horns
Face of the goat in the mirror
Eyes burn like an october sunrise
As once they gazed upon the hillside
Searching for the memories...
In the shadow of the horns
Only seen by the kings
Of the dawn of the first millennium
Upon the thrones
In the shadow of the horns
Cleansed like the air in the night
World without end
We've become a race of the cursed seeds
For five united forces
In the eternal dawn
The kings that held their heads high
The triumph of chaos - has guided our path
We circles the holy Sinai - our swords gave wings
Invisible force of our abyssic hate
Our seeds boil as we gaze upon the new millennium
Weeping by the graves of the glorious ones
So the hardened frost melts away
Clouds gather across a freezing moon
I kiss the goat - witchcraft still breathes×
If everyone reading this donated $1 we would be done in a matter of hours. Once we reach our goal of $150/mo we will remove ads site-wide, but if you become a Patron today♥ you will enjoy a totally ad-free experience! ☺
#blazed on QuakeNet
On QuakeNet |
Users Online: 33 |
Last Updated: 2018-01-16 12:04:08
Connect to this channel with ...
IRCCloud |
KiwiIRC |
Default IRC Client
Topic: WebDev / Hosting / Logo/ Design / Development / Gameservers / blah yawnn... just ask ;)
Topic History(Last 3 topics)
2018-01-09 22:05:23:
2018-01-09 12:05:27: WebDev / Hosting / Logo/ Design / Development / Gameservers / blah yawnn... just ask ;)
Channel Traffic: 7 Day History
If you are seeing this, please refresh the page.From the source:
Joint London and Mill+ created ‘This is Not A Cinema’, a dynamic new film for Vue Cinemas that showcases the vast range of entertainment available to customers. Directed by Mill+’s Rama Allen, the spot blends together footage from Vue’s content offerings with abstract design work to create a ‘magical machine’ which transports viewers into a world of possibilities.-
AdvertisementsOne of our favorite times of the year is here, Engagement Season! We love the electric energy of excited new brides and grooms to be as they start the planning process. We also love helping their visions come to life in an elegant moment they will cherish forever!
Please feel free to contact us, or visit us at an upcoming bridal show. We will keep you posted on details through Twitter and Facebook.
“I dreamed of a wedding of elaborate elegance,
A church filled with family and friends.
I asked him what kind of a wedding he wished for,
He said one that would make me his wife.”
~Author Unknown
AdvertisementsI'm not going to to go down the route of marking status etc.. (except for 'unreleased which is marked as 'IN DEVELOPMENT') It'd be almost impossible to keep on top of the highly erratic release schedules and beta numbering. Whatsmore the titles are often meaningless, many maps released as 'Full' are often actualy beta releases (and end up being beta/final re-released), and many 'beta' releases have turned out to be workable final releases or simply abandoned. Then there are the SE and LE editions etc.. I won't even start on the murky PS3 cook situ, where 3rd partys are often handling the work..
I've linked to the newest version of every map's 'thread' when I made the list, and will try to keep up to date. I'll leave it up to readers to keep an eye on the maps status from the authors thread unless a new thread is created for the latest version, in whcih case let me know if I'm behind. If anyone wants to give status updates on thier remakes in the thread, please feel free, we'd love to see how things are coming along.
If CPTStewart's recent UT99 remake, DM-Oblivion]|[, is anything to go by, I'd start getting excited:
In other news just found this very handy Quake 3 map viewer that has some really handy features for the 'remaker':
Crayfish.
*ps, I'll be announcing my own remake in the coming weeks (currently learning the editor), watch this space
CommentStep Towards Transformation
Proverbs 3:5: Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding;
It’s easy to trust God if things are going our way: we’re getting good breaks, our business is blessed, our children are healthy. That doesn’t take much faith.
But what about when things aren’t going our way; our prayers aren’t being answered, the problem isn’t turning around, we’re not seeing favor? Too often, we get discouraged; we think, “God, why aren’t you doing something? You can see that i’m being mistreated, my health isn’t good, i worked hard but i didn’t get the promotion.” We think that
That’s conditional trust when you say “God, if you meet my demands, answer my prayers the way i want, on my timetable, then i’ll be my best.”
The problem with conditional trust is that there will always be things that we don’t understand, something that’s not happening fast enough, didn’t work out the way we wanted.
Are you mature enough to accept God’s answers, even though they’re not what you’re hoping for? We’re not going to understand everything that happens; faith is trusting God when life doesn’t make sense. There’ll interests at heart; it’s not random, it’s a part of his plan.
Dare to trust him.
Illustration: What Is Trust? [Prov. 3:5]
To understand this verse, we must understand the fundamental difference between ‘believe’ and ‘trust.’
How many of you have heard of Jean-Francois Gravelet? He was born in France on Feb. 28, 1824. He died in London on Feb. 22, 1897. He is better known as Charles Blondin. Blondin was a tightrope walker.
Charles Blondin was the first person to cross Niagara Falls on a tightrope, a 3 hemp rope, 1,100 feet long In 1859 and 1860 he walked across it 160 feet above the Niagara River, just below the falls, several times, each time with a different, daring feat: dressed in a sack, walking on stilts, pushing a wheelbarrow full of potatoes, riding a bicycle. One time he stopped in mid-section and cooked an omelette on a small portable stove.
If you stood in the crowd and he came up to you with his wheelbarrow and asked, Do you believe that I can push you across in this? undoubtedly you would say Yes. What would your answer be if he then said, Get in? Thats a different story!
Many, many people believe in the Lord Jesus. I dare say virtually all of you do. But many fewer people trust the Lord, are willing to get in the wheelbarrow.
Trust in the Lord means to be fully confident or sure; to be bold in action. With all your heart means with the centre of your being, at the deepest level, fully and completely.
God can see things in you that you can’t see in yourself. His plan for your life is bigger than your plan, but it may not happen the way you thought. God doesn’t take us in a straight line; there will be disappointments, loss, bad breaks, which are all a part of his plan.
But if you have conditional trust, you’ll get discouraged, and think, “why is this happening? I’m going to wrong way.” But God is still directing your steps;
Trust him when you don’t understand, when it feels like you’re going in the wrong direction. Sometimes, we want things so bad, that we’re not going to be happy unless it happens our way:
“i can’t be happy
Anything that you have to have in order to be happy, the enemy can use against you.
It’s good to be honest with God, tell him your dreams, what you’re believing for, it’s fine to ask, but then be mature enough to say, “but God, if it never happens, if i never get the promotion, if my loved one doesn’t make it, if my health doesn’t improve, i’m still going to trust you.”
We can get so consumed with what we want that it can become like an idol.
It’s all we think about, pray about,.”
The apostle Paul had:
2 Corinthians 12:7 (NLT)..7 to keep me from becoming proud, i was given a thorn in my flesh
This was something either physical or spiritual that he didn’t like; it was bothering him.
2 Corinthians 12:8 (NLT)..8 three different times i begged the lord to take it away.
But God didn’t remove it. Paul was honoring God, being his best, he wrote half of the books in the new testament; you would think that God would fix what was bothering him.
But God said:
2 Corinthians 12:9 (NIV)…9 but he said to me, “my grace is sufficient for you
He was saying, in effect, “i may not remove it just yet, but i will give you the grace to handle it.”
Don’t use that as an excuse to live sour, bitter. God has given you the grace to be where you are with a good attitude; you can enjoy your life in spite of what’s not working out.
Sometimes, the reason that our prayers aren’t answered the way we want is because
Unconditional trust says, “God, i don’t like it, i’m uncomfortable, but i’m smart enough to recognize that you’re God and i’m not. You’re on the throne, in control of my life, and you said that your plans for me are for good, you would lead me down the best path for my life. Even though i don’t understand it right now, i trust you.”
Are you living frustrated, unhappy, because something is not going your way? That’s conditional trust. You’ll live a lot freer, happier, if you’ll quit fighting what God is not changing, being upset about what he’s not removing.
Paul said:
Philippians 4:11 (NIV)..11 i am not saying this because i am in need, for i have learned to be content whatever the circumstances.
It, be good to people, give God praise.”
This is what happened with the 3 hebrew teenagers in the scripture:
Daniel 3:12-18 (NIV)…12 … shadrach, meshach and abednego—who pay no attention to you, your majesty. They neither serve your Gods nor worship the image of gold you have set up.”… 14 and nebuchadnezzar said to them, “is it true, shadrach, meshach and abednego, that you do not serve my Gods or worship the image of gold i have set up?….”
That’s unconditional trust; “i believe that God’s going to turn this situation around, but even if he doesn’t, i’m still going to be happy.I know God is still on the throne; if he’s not changing it, he has a reason. My life is in his hands.”
Dare to trust him, not just when things are going your way, but even when you don’t understand it.
Psalm 138:8 (NLT)..8 the lord will work out his plans for my life
You don’t have to work it all out, make it happen in your own strength, try to manipulate people, fight all your battles; why don’t you relax, take the pressure off yourself, and let God work out his plan for your life? He can do it better than you can. He knows the best path.
That’s what these teenagers were saying; “we know that we’re not doing life on our own; the most high God is working out his plan for our lives.”
All the forces of darkness cannot stop what God has ordained: that sickness, trouble at work, disappointments, setbacks can’t stop it. You may have a lot coming against you,
But the good news is that you’re not alone, and you wouldn’t be thrown in that fire unless God allowed it. The enemy is not in control of your life; God is. He’s working out his plan; sometimes, it includes fiery furnaces, people who don’t like you, obstacles that seem insurmountable;
You don’t see a way, but since you know that the lord is directing your steps, you don’t try to figure it all out.
Illustration;?”
It may look like the end, but you have unconditional trust; “i know that God will deliver me, but even if he doesn’t, i’m still going to have a song of praise, an attitude of faith, live my life happy.”
Daniel 3:19-25 (NKJV)..19 then nebuchadnezzar was full of fury… commanded that they heat the furnace seven times more than it was usually heated. 20… bind shadrach, meshach, and abed-nego, and cast them into the burning fiery furnace… the flame of the fire killed those men who took up shadrach, meshach, and abed-nego… 24 then king nebuchadnezzar was astonished… .”
What was that? God working out his plan for their lives.
But i wonder what the outcome would’ve been if they had had conditional trust, or if they had become negative and complained; we probably wouldn’t be talking about them today.
If you want to get God’s attention, if you want him to take you to where you’ve never been, and turn impossible situations around, do like these teenagers; “i know that God will deliver me from this fire, but even if he doesn’t, i will still honor him.”
When you live like that with unconditional trust , you take away all of the enemy’s power;
He’s expecting you to get upset, be worried, fall apart, live in self-pity. When you have unconditional trust, you can’t be defeated. You may have challenges that look bigger, stronger, in the natural you don’t have a chance, don’t be intimidated; the forces that are for you are greater than the forces that are against you.
Job 5:26 (TLB)..26 … like standing grain, you’ll not be harvested until it’s time!
You may get thrown into a fire but if it’s not your time to go you’re not going to go. God has the final say. Right now he is working out his plan for your life.
There may be some fiery furnaces.
Are you only going to trust him
Are you going to have unconditional trust? Trust him like these teenagers, even if he takes you through the fire.
Illustration Of Self: looking back over my life things haven’t turned out the way I thought. I had a plan, I had it all figured out. I told God what to do, when to do it, what I needed, who to use,how to get me there. I gave him good information my very best.
The funny thing is God didn’t take my advice. He had his own plan. be frustrated because somebody left that you wanted to stay. God knows what he’s doing; you may not see it now, but one day, when you see what God was up to, you’ll thank him for not answering those prayers.
As long as you’re honoring him, being your best, at the right time, God will get you to where you’re supposed to be. It may not be where you thought; God is going to take you further than you ever imagined.
Pray and believe for your dreams,
Illustration Of A Woman Driving At Night; A woman was driving home at night along a highway when she became aware that a large truck was tail-gating her. She slowed down to allow the driver to pass, but he slowed down to her speed. She sped up; so did the truck. Beginning to get nervous, she took the next exit. The trucker exited, too, and stayed right on her tail. She turned onto a main street, and the truck driver ran a red light to stay with her. Beginning to panic, she whipped into a service station, jumped out of her car and began running and screaming for help, the truck driver pulled in right behind her, jumped from the cab of his truck, ran to her car, jerked open the rear door, and pulled out a man who was crouching behind the front seat. From his high vantage point, the trucker had seen a would-be rapist hiding in the back of the woman’s car, unknown to her. What she perceived as a threat was really an act of kindness.
That’s the way God is.
If you’re only going to be happy if God does it your way, that’s not trusting, and you will be frustrated; why don’t you put your life in his hands?
He knows what’s best for you. He can see things that we can’t see.
Illustration Of A Water Bearer And The masters house, the cracked pot arrived only half full. For a full two years this went on daily, with the bearer delivering only one and a half pots if we will allow it, the Lord will use our flaws to grace His Fathers table. In Gods great economy, nothing goes to waste.
Some of the things in your life that are not working out right now, one day you’ll be thanking God; the closed doors, disappointments, delays are all working for you. Learn to embrace where you are. He’s given you the grace to be there with a good attitude;
If you’re going to pass the test, keep a smile on your face, don’t drag through the day disappointed.
Living worried, frustrated, disappointed, takes our passion, joy, and can keep us from seeing God’s favor.
God wants to see if we’ll trust him when we don’t understand it, and life doesn’t make sense.
This is what happened with Abraham; he waited 20 years to have his son isaac. You can imagine how Abraham felt when God told him:
Genesis 22:2 (NKJV)..2 then he said, “take now your son, your only son isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of moriah, and offer him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains of which i shall tell you.”
Abraham didn’t understand it, it didn’t seem fair, but he was obedient, and passed the trust test:
Genesis 22:12 (NCV)..12 the angel said, “don’t kill your son or hurt him in any way. Now i can see that you trust God and that you have not kept your son, your only son, from me.”
There will be times that God asks us to put our dream on the altar; when we show him that we can not have the dream but still be happy, we’re doing what Abraham did. When God sees that you don’t have to have it, many times God will give you back what you were willing to give up.
Illustration Of A Soldier: During world war 2, there was a young soldier in a library in Florida. While he was reading a book, he noticed all the handwritten notes in the margin. They were very thoughtful and heartwarming. He turned to the front of the book and it just so happened, it had the previous owner’s name and address. It was a lady named Holly that lived in New York City. He wrote her a letter introducing himself, telling how he was about to be shipped off overseas to Europe. The next day he invited her to respond and they could talk about the Book. Much to his surprise, he received a letter in return. you. When you, in great shape. She looked like a movie star. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. He was so taken aback by her, he didn’t realize she wasn’t wearing a pink rose. As she passed on by he finally came back down to earth. About that time this lady in her 40s walked up to him. She wasn’t necessarily attractive, had graying hair and just so happens you she’ll be waiting for you in the restaurant across the way.
It was simply a test.
Will you do the right thing when it’s hard, trust God when it’s not what you thought, when you don’t understand it?
Genesis 22:16-17 (NLT).
When you do like Abraham, pass the trust test, God will not only give you the desires of your heart, he’ll do more than you can ask or think.
But Bro Melwyn , I am not a good person. How can God have something good for me.
Illustration Of.
Could you use them? I hope so, for they are the heroes of faith described in Hebrews 11.
Scripture shows that God uses very flawed people indeed!
Are you living frustrated because your prayers aren’t being answered the way you want, your plans aren’t working out?
Take the pressure off; God is in control. You’re not always going to understand it; if you did, it wouldn’t take any faith. I’m asking you to trust him unconditionally.
Best teaching ps. Isse sikhne milta ki hume parmeshwar bharosa karne se kabhi nirash nahi honge… Parmeshwar hume apne mukkaddar tak pahochayega
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you Pastor for the heart touching illustration in this teaching. . .. God bless you!
LikeLiked by 1 personAztec Blouse - Urban Attic Boutique
Sparrow Earrings - C/O Splendor Shop
1. I never ever ever could have fathomed the amount of love that I could have for this baby boy. I'd take the bald spots, stretch marks, extra pounds, grey hairs, and sleepless nights all over again.
2. On a much less sappy note, see the dark spots on the second photo (on my hand)? Those are burns from my stupid curling wand. I'm averaging about one a week. I either need to give up trying to make my hair look presentable or wear that glove that was provided with the wand. Yikes.
3. I'm think I'm going back to my neutral ways. I keep finding myself gravitating towards fun patterns, but in black, white, taupe, tan, etc. I am my mother's child.
Want to win your pick of any Blowfish shoe? It's your lucky day! This brand has quickly become my favorite. So comfy, stylish, and they are all great staples for any wardrobe. Enter on the widget below!
Want to win your pick of any Blowfish shoe? It's your lucky day! This brand has quickly become my favorite. So comfy, stylish, and they are all great staples for any wardrobe. Enter on the widget below!
love.
Style Elixr ))
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Your little guy is adorable!! and you are so put together, I think I was still in t-shirts and yoga pants at that stage.
I found your blog from Chris Wiegand's IG feed and was so excited to see that he was in Boulder! Great to meet another Boulder mom blogger :)
I love the Daisy flats.
I have two kids so I need flats. Love the Delmar ones
Love the outfit but also? The contentment on your face while you hold that bebe!
Also, I'd go with the Caroline
With all the heat I'm dreaming of fall... the fillmore boots look like a fun transition piece!
I like the Illi ones in the nude.
Along with your outfit posts, it's always cute to see Knox's onesies. Precious family!
I'm digging the gypsy wedge, but the illi are so chic, too.
I'm really, really loving the illi wedges.
You and your boy are so adorable, I can't stand it. I can literally feel the love in your photos. You're both beautiful.
xo Kristina Rose
Thank you, Kristina! You're so sweet.
love the gypsy heels!
i am loving the nakato flats! also, such a sweet boy :)
I like the Daisy flats!
My favorites are by far the Delmar sandals!
Love the Paloma
BF-2745
The crickets are still my favorite, and have been for months :)
I have so many favorites including the Paloma, the Pura and the Pollyanna flats!
Flats are the only things I wear...loving the metallic.
I would love a new pair of flats...I'm having trouble choosing!
I really like the nepal flats, but you've got me liking those delmar sandals now too!
I love the Paloma flats as well as the sandals you're wearing! :)
Love the Delmar.
Love the skirt sandals in whiskey relax :)
I'd get the Delmar sandals in bronze!
ohmylanta - he is precious!!!! I think your outfit may have gotten lost in these pics - sorry! ;-)
Haha! He tends to steal the show, doesn't he?
the llli's are so fun!! And I need some grey boots - Fillmores! Can I have two?
Daisy flats for the win :)
Ooooh -- I love the Silvia wedges. Probably in brown!
I love the North Flats!
Knox is simply adorable.
I'm loving the Kaution boots.
I love you style and your outfit posts have really inspired me to actually get dressed postpartum. (My baby girl is 6 weeks old).
I'd go with the gypsy wedge or delmar sandal!
Get it, mama! I don't always get dressed but when I do, I'm so much more productive!
Burns from curling wands stink! I hope they get better soon! :)
As far as the giveaway goes, I love the Nautic flats and your sandals best.
I love the Gypsy!
I swear, Knox is getting cuter by the minute. :)
and I love the Cricket wedges!
The Nakatos are super cute!
I love the Delmar's like you have on!
I agree - I thought I loved my little boy a lot during my pregnancy, but it has somehow grew even more than I could imagine since he was born.
I think the Panton flats are cute.
I totally agree- I had my little man 7 months ago and I just could imagine my life without him. I didn't know you could love someone this much! I don't think my wardrobe has changed much from t-shirts and leggings since I had him.
You look great and so put together though. Glad I found your blog and to find a Colorado blogger.
love giveaways!
Love your outfit! :) I would probably pick the Paloma flats. But I don't know....all of them are so cute! :)
I really love the Ryanna Bootie! And you look SO BEAUTIFUL mama!!! Love Knox - so sweet and precious.
I really need some wedges. not sure which ones I'd get though. it's so hard to pick!
I would get the Sylvia wedges so I can look cute and still chase after my little one who is almost crawling!
I love the Illi wedges!
Delmar all the way. So cute!
Love these -
I would get the Reflect in orange-especially because they have yellow lace thingys. :)
Barb F.
I think I'd have to go with the Panton!
I'm in love with that chair you're lounging in! Such a great backdrop for that adorable shirt and sweet sweet baby :)
I really like Illi - with the patterned wedge, or Gypsy. Both look so cute and comfortable!
I love the Illi!
This comment has been removed by the author.
I love both the Delmar and the Caymen!
I like the Delmar that you're wearing! :-)
i totally did not notice the burn marks, but after you mentioned it, i had to go back and check. ;)
you are gorgeous woman and i am so happy for you :)
Look at him! Adorable. I can easily see why your love for him is so strong. I feel the same way about my two. Although, I wondered how it was really possible to love the 2nd as much as the 1st. And until she came into the world I couldn't picture it. But now that she is in our world and so precious, I can't believe I thought I couldn't love her as much as her brother.
And for the giveaway portion of this comment! I really love the Tacita in the Black Nairobi print. Perfect summer wedges! Thanks for the chance!
I absolutely love the Coco sandals in earth.
Cleef in Earthen Brown for sure!! I'd be obsessed with them!
I love the Paloma flats in all colors!! So cute! Thanks! Susan
Knox may be the most adorable accessory I've every seen on you!
I'd love a pair of Delmar Sandals!!
I would choose the Dole sandals! Such a hard choice to make though! :)
I love the Gazelle in turquoise!
April C.
acrisafu@nycap.rr.com
I like Tacita in black.
My e-mail: blackasphodel(at)yahoo(dot)com
I like the snake print flats - the daisy.
I love the Caymens
I love the Nyack in both black and natural.
the "relax" booties are adorable!
I'm in a wedge phase right now - so I would totally pick the llli in natural cozumel linen! love them!
Ellie
I love the "North" flats! They look so comfy and perfect for work!
I love the Reflect in white!
I love the relax bootie! Thanks for the giveaway!
I really like the Paloma ones!
The North flats would be great for me to wear to work!
I sold Blowfish shoes when I worked at The Buckle and Nordstrom and have always wanted a pair. By the way your blog is adorable and I love your glasses!
That top is amazing! Cute baby, too ;)
Thank you for linking up with Style Sessions!
Lauren xx
The Bernice sandals are too cute!
I'd choose the Nautic flats
I would choose the Panton!
I love the Alms boots in Whiskey Faux Leather!
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Daisy flats! So cute!
The Gypsy style. So cute!
Love love the ones you are wearing. So cute!! But all their shoes rock!
I'm a simple gal, I like the Delmar style best!
I love the Dole Sandals. So perfect for everyday running around! Thanks for the giveaway!!
I like the silvia wedges for work
razberry or delmar
I would love to win the Silvia in black!
I would LOVE to win the Coco shoes!! (in earth faux suede!) <3
I like the Delmar sandals, so cute!
I absolutely love the Gypsy Wedges in Natural Cozumel Linen! Thank you!
Palomas! And you are too cute, just discovered your blog! :)
Oh my gosh! How cute are you two? You're both adorable--but he definitely has the cutest cheeks! :) I love the bronze Delmars--fabulous! Thanks for the chance!
i would have a hard time choosing between the Alms or the Fillmore.
jesslburke@hotmail.com
I love the Relax boots :)
I love Blowfish! They're amazing!
I love the Daisy flats.
So many cute choices...I might go with the script shoes
They're so adorable! Been lusting after a pair of Paj shoes lately, although I've exclusively purchased booties from blowfish in the past.
I am OBSESSED with Illi!
I want Illi in natural linen please!!!!!!!1
love the Alms booties and Paloma flats - that'd be a hard decision!!
I looove the Alms boots!
xo,
-Allie
The Anetta shoes are so cute!
The Tacitas are awesome!tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1548435010272960921.post4106523399450257637..comments2018-01-09T12:01:47.924+05:00Comments on GREEN ENERGY ADVENTURE BY MECHANICAL ENGINEER: Back to The WindMillKhalid Khattak blog and I really like your work and m...Interesting blog and I really like your work and must appreciate for your work for the precision machining.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">precision engineering</a>harrytommy whole things you defined here is superbly well...The whole things you defined here is superbly well. Thanks a lot for such nice blog! <a href="" rel="nofollow">sunstainable</a><br />hely fely blog is good enough, keep up writing such type...The blog is good enough, keep up writing such type of posts. <a href="" rel="nofollow">John</a><br />Carla Dillon for sharing this great post with us. Indus...Thanks for sharing this great post with us.<br /><br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">Industrial Strainer</a>Tania KevinCardiovascular the US, a young athlete dies from SCA. No upfront costs – your health insurance will be billed for the testing, and a waiver is available to eliminate balance due from deductible for those eligible. Please note that to complete your registration, you will need to both schedule an appointment and submit your paperwork. To learn more and register, visitIf you've been reading, you'd know that a couple days ago, I expressed a concern over not being able to make myself sound like a Dalek.
I have now corrected this.
NDC Plugs have a great freebie ring modulator to play with (called "The Modulator 2"), and with a little simple tweaking (and judicious use of a good compressor) YOU TOO can sound like a Dalek.
SCHWEET!
Go get the kit here!
Just make sure you clip your breath and room noise out before compression...
someaudioguy some audio guy recording voice over demos production animation sound design voice acting free plugin vst software
What are your recommended settings?motion potion is on the move
da weekly in review – Aug 15th to Aug 21st 2011
scenario summary of the week
summer has arrived and so have the summer sights and sounds. car washes, patio parties, pool parties, bbq’s … everything is green and flowers are in full bloom. the height of summer with the anticipation of school starting and holidays finishing up.
mixology psychology
if you just sit back and listen to everyone speak – most people do share the same viewpoint, they just present it differently depending how they interpret events. education and travel is the definitive method of articulating your interpretation of timeline. bring experience to the table as they say …
griddle viddles
hot dogs galore. cup cakes and muffins – why are these not the same thing. chocolate cake and ice cream. grilled fruit skewer, grilled veggie skewers, seafood skewers … bbq fondue – excellent idea. raiding the garden for fresh. horses love the carrots.
parched peculiars
wine coolers and spritzers. light beers with lemon. buckets of corona. caesars with celery salt rims, asparagus, green beans, thai chili peppers, garlic pickle garnish. pickled eggs martini. oyster martini. shrimp garnish on caesar.
publitics
the world economy is still struggling with americas debt and incapable banking system. spin-offs of countries whom relied on US banking are also failing. gold prices going through the roof as people dump US currency and stocks. good on the lybian people, egyptian and hopefully the sryian folks will follow.
sociable
the younger generation are realizing the mystical people written about in books don’t put food on the table or provide water to quench our thirst. social networks are bringing to world together to solve real problems in real time. knowing what is happening with friends, family and business associates around the world – as it happens.
high school musical
knowing you were going to be there … when you arrive and much to her delight your presence is noticed. she plays as if the timing was a coincidence … you play along. i must add – walking over to show pictures/videos on smart phone enhances conversation …
motion potion
the last of motion potion because we have a motorsport blog going online this fall – stay tuned. summer has brought out one of the great gentlemen highlights that i have not seen in some time. gals washing their own cars. 4 separate ocassions – lululemon, daisy duke, bikini, overalls – complete wash, dry and detail.
its alive
that’s right folks – we are going to replace the motion potion with a little talk about the entertainment around the town. comedy, karaoke and live music – open stage is included …
the most popular song requested by readers is …
summerlea by belle starr
tweets to peeps
if you don’t want crumbs on the kitchen floor – don’t make toast #creativethinking
if you don’t want carbon emissions in the air – don’t burn carbon #creativethinking
the answer for both kitchen crumbs on floor or carbon emission in the air – is not a bigger carpet to hide the dirt under #think
thanks
volunteers at the summer festivals – summer is full of festivals in every corner of the world. without your generosity we would not have such fabulous events.
anyhoo … get outside while the gettings good.
coles notes
the spring starts off nice and melted away the winter blues however, the summer has just started in time for fall … what?Dordogne, France, French Property, Greece, Italy, Living in France, Lot et Garonne, Peter Mayle, Portugal, Spain, Stephen Clarke
Buying a Place in France? Read This First…
It was a big, loping hound, about the height of a small child. It belonged to the owners of a nearby cottage in L’Éruption, the small hamlet in southern France where we used to take our summer holidays in the 90s. Toto was a gentle animal of advanced years. Gentle was good, because there were often small children around, including our own.
One year, when we arrived at L’Éruption, we encountered Toto, but no owners. The husband, James, was a writer. He had recently taken off to the US. The wife, Annie, had a new relationship with a guy in the local village, and was spending more time at his place than at hers. Toto, it seemed, had friends in the hamlet who fed him, including the local farmer, M Charpentier. But beyond seeing to his basic subsistence, none of them appeared to be keeping a close eye on him.
This was immediately apparent because the poor mutt had lost much of the use of his back legs, and was dragging them along in a hideous limp. We asked around for Annie’s whereabouts, and it turned out that she was not even in the country at the time. So something had to be done.
We went down to the village to see the local vet, and explained Toto’s predicament. He was mystified as to why we were getting involved, but assuming we were prepared to pay, offered his assistance. “You want me to kill the dog?” he asked. Well, no, we said – not wishing to be party to an act of canicide on an animal for which we had no responsibility. “OK”, he said, “I will prepare a cortisone injection, and you can give it to him.” It was, after all, the end of the week, and he was not prepared to come out and do the job himself.
Which was how we ended up in a French country lane late at night, surrounding the unfortunate dog and plunging a big needle by torchlight into the creature’s neck. Or rather my wife did, since she had injected countless humans during her career in emergency medicine. Without any great expectation of a result, we left Toto to hobble off and slump into his familiar repose.
For a couple of days he was not in evidence, and we worried that the cortisone had not done the trick. Perhaps he had gone off to a quiet place to die. Until he came galumphing towards us on four perfectly working legs, looking as perky as pensioner on pep pills.
“Il marche!”, cried one of our number eager to practice his French. “Le chien – il marche!” We crowded round, eager to witness a drug-fuelled miracle. Toto, clearly revelling in more attention than he had enjoyed for most of his benighted life, lurched happily from person to person, scattering small children like ninepins in the process. That night he demonstrated his renewed gusto for life by stealing two large steaks from our barbecue.
The miracle of Toto was the last notable event to go into the family’s French annals. The next summer we went to Cornwall, so we never found out the ultimate fate of L’Eruption’s very own Lazarus. But he was an old dog, so he probably didn’t stumble on much longer.
If that tale sounds like a poor imitation of Peter Mayle in Provence, it’s not the only one. A haunted death mask on the wall of our barn. Incessant rows between Sandy and John, a young British couple who had moved to the hamlet to live the dream, culminating in John waking one morning from a wine-fuelled sleep to find his vital documents, passport and all, ripped in shreds and floating in their swimming pool. James, equally oiled, attempting to mediate between the warring parties, while another member of the group crept up to their window to eavesdrop, ready to intervene if a three-way war broke out.
Then there was James’s and Annie’s relationship. Annie’s fury when James took himself off to a nearby town so that he could concentrate on his writing, only for Annie to find him soaked in pastis, misbehaving in an unspecified manner in one of town’s numerous bars. The sleepovers, that attracted youngsters on holiday from miles around. The fetes in their barn, during which Annie’s elderly mum was wheeled out from the converted cowshed next to the house to regale us with Irish rebel songs. The brouhaha when Sandy – in the act of walking out on John – ran over the foot of a very fierce Corsican friend of James’s.
Never a dull moment. When James and Annie parted company, she put the house up for sale. We thought seriously about buying it. But when Annie became aware of our interest, the price mysteriously rose a few points, and we moved on. Besides, without the main dramatis personae, L’Éruption was unlikely be the source of such gruesome fun in years to come.
Fast forward fifteen years. It’s 9.30am in the middle of nowhere, near another hamlet that doesn’t appear on the satnav. I’ve been sitting out on the terrace for the first couple of hours of daylight, looking out at fields, woods and, in the foreground, trees whose branches are bent with the weight of fat quinces and peaches a week or two away from ripeness.
Our kids have grown up, and last year we decided to join the Volvos full of Brits of a certain age who come to this region after the pesky youth have gone back to school and university. Lo and behold, we’re here again this year.
At night, it is so silent that you can hear your heart beating. Right now, all you can hear is the sound of cooing doves, the occasional tractor and rustling leaves from trees that show little sign of summer’s end.
Southern France in September has little of the bite of the English autumn. Here, in the region of Lot et Garonne, the evenings are still warm enough for sitting out – in the few restaurants that are still open, or in front of the converted wine vault that is our home for the next couple of weeks. There is a fair chance that the weather will stay fair – 30C during the day, dropping to 18C at night – for the duration of our stay. In England, September nights are chilly, though daytimes can be quite warm when the jet stream allows us a last defiant blast of summer sun.
As regular readers of this blog will know, my wife and I are Francophiles. We love the food, the countryside, the chateaux, the continuity of architecture from Roman Gaul through mediaeval gothic to the splendour of the Age of Reason. The transport system is as good as any in Europe.
And once again we are thinking of buying “a place in France”. But what? And where? And for what purpose? My wife looks longingly at the ads in the estate agent shop windows, and we have agonised discussions about the pros and cons.
So if you’re a Brit – or any other nationality for that matter – thinking about property in France, here are some of the factors we’ve thought about over the years.
In this neck of the woods, foreign property owners tend to be British or Dutch. The buyers tend to fall into two categories. First, those looking for a second home. Typically they might buy a house, stay there for four or five weeks over the summer, and pay the mortgage by letting it when they are not using it themselves. For the Brits and, I suspect, the Dutch, Lot et Garonne, just south of the Dordogne, is about the furthest place you can reach in a day. If you’re driving rather than flying, and you have a place, say, in Provence, then you face part of your holiday being eaten into by an overnight stop both ways. You can fly, of course, and hire a car from the airport, but the joy of taking your own car is that you can bring all your stuff without EasyJet or Ryanair charging you a fortune for your bags. And, if you’re so inclined, you can pack the trunk with cheap booze on the return journey.
So the question is: if you have a young family, why would you tie yourself down to going to the same place year after year? Simpler surely to rent a gite. And , or even if you’re old farts looking to tick off your bucket list, why tie up your hard earned cash in a property whose value in the current market might decline for the foreseeable years ahead?
Think also about maintenance. Winter months in the South of France can be quite hard. The owner of the place we’re renting at the moment told me that last winter the temperature went as low as minus 19C. When he came over from the UK in April to open up the place, there were eleven leaking pipes to deal with.
And who sorts out the garden? Maintains the pool, if you have one? And if the tenants’ washing machine goes belly, who will fix it? All sortable, of course, but these are levels of complexity you need to think about if you’re going down the second home route. The best situation of all is if you can afford to buy somewhere that you don’t let. That way, you can keep all your nice stuff there, safe in the knowledge that it won’t be vandalised by some scruffy little kid from Eindhoven or Stevenage. But having a place that will only be occupied a few weeks of the year is not an option for most of us. And you are unlikely to be very popular with your neighbours, since your participation in the local economy is likely to be minimal.
The alternative is to go native. To hell with those rotten British summers, the predations of the taxman and those rapacious offspring, let’s up sticks and settle in La Belle France. If you’re going to do that, here’s some advice from a seasoned expatriate.
First, learn the language. If you’re even considering moving to France, you probably have a decayed version of the French you learned at school, which has been enough to get you by in restaurants, supermarkets and the occasional close encounter with ordinary locals. But before you even become an owner, you will have to start engaging with officialdom – notaries, mayor’s offices and so on. True, you can employ an English-speaking intermediary – at a cost – to help you navigate the bureaucratic waters.
But you are only just embarking on what might be a lifetime of dealing with official France. If you are a house owner in the UK, think of all the ways in which you have to interact with government and business. The ability to ask for a croissant will not equip you to pay your property taxes, buy your insurance, apply for planning permission for the pool you’ve always wanted or explain your way out of a parking ticket.
You also have to ask yourself whether you really want to confine yourself to a limited group of fellow nationals. For me this would be hell on earth. One of the reasons I left Saudi Arabia after nearly a decade was that I couldn’t face the prospect of spending another ten years in an extended social circle whose only common denominator, when it came down to it, was money. Groups of expatriates that do not try to integrate with the society around them tend to be inward looking – bound by a defensive sense of community.
I have no problem with people spending much of their spare time enjoying cheap French wine, talking about Arsenal, the progress of their investments and what a crappy place England is. But to do so week in, week out for thirty years must pall after a while. So why not learn some decent French and find out from your neighbours what a crappy place France is?
Second thought. If you move to France as a couple, think carefully. Are you doing this to revitalise your relationship? Because you’re bored with life in your home country? If so, be aware that living in a foreign country will give you a buzz for a couple of years, but the strains that were there before you moved won’t have gone away – they will have been buried in the excitement and sense of purpose. There’s a good chance they will return. And as for boredom, who is responsible for that? The world around you, or the world inside you?
Expatriate life can be destabilising for another reason. Yes, fine, give up your life in the city and drink the slow delights of rural France. But think also about the balance of your relationship. You may both end up not working. Many couples who are quite happy with each other’s company for a few hours every evening and at weekends can end up with homicidal tendencies if they have to put up with their spouse’s company 24/7. Ask some newly retired couples.
Remember also that you are moving into a different culture. You might think that a country thirty minutes away from the UK by Eurostar has a culture pretty similar to yours. After all, we’re all Europeans now, are we not? And most of us would heartily subscribe to the principles of liberté, egalité and fraternité. But here’s a story that might make you think again.
An Arab student from one of the Gulf countries went to a French town not do long ago to study for a masters degree. In her culture, the norm is that a women should not have any physical contact with a man who is not related to her. This caused the student a problem in France. She found herself becoming increasingly isolated. Why? Because many French people consider that failure to shake hands with an acquaintance or on being introduced is an insult. It implies that you don’t care about the other person, and that you don’t value their company. Shaking hands in France is a deeply important gesture, far more so in the UK.
France differs in other ways from the UK. In business, there is a high degree of what occupational psychologists often refer to as power distance. In simple terms, this means that there a great respect for hierarchy and authority – far more so than in the UK or the US, for example. So if you start working for a French company as a junior employee, and get into the habit of questioning the decisions of your elders and betters, you will not be seen as bright spark with plenty of ideas. You are more likely to be marked down as a troublemaker. There are exceptions, of course, and the younger generation are less likely to react in this way. But the power is still largely in the hands of seasoned technocrats who have worked their way up the system. Look around – there ain’t many Mark Zuckerbergs in France.
Consider also why you’re moving. Especially for couples, it’s important to have an achievable sense of purpose that you both share. Dreams are not enough. How many times do you read about people who come to France to set up a business – an equestrian centre, an origami school or simply a holiday letting service – who fail because they have no practical experience in running a business.
No detailed business plans can see you through unless you have certain qualities that have already been tested. Determination, resilience, flexibility, communication skills. So it’s not a bad idea to sit down and interview yourselves. Search for examples of when and where you have shown those qualities in your pre-expatriate life. Take a long hard look at what you’re good at and what you’re not. None of us are superhuman. We all have weaknesses. If you can identify them, you can work out where you will need help and support. This is good advice for starting any business. But starting a business in a foreign country – and I speak from experience – demands more in all areas.
Next up – always have an exit. As you would in a decent business plan. There are hundreds of thousands of expatriate Brits who have bet everything on a better life in sunnier climes – mainly France, Spain, Portugal and Italy. Spain, Portugal and Italy – do those names ring a bell? Along with Greece, they are the financial lepers of Europe – also known as the PIGS countries. How often can we read tales of woe from Brits who have sold everything to live abroad, and now, for a variety of reasons often related to the local economies, have lost everything?
Notice that at no stage thus far have I suggested that property in France, and still less the PIGS countries, is to be treated as investment. Values in many areas have tanked since 2008, and I wouldn’t bet a single Euro, or whatever local currencies might succeed it, on property values appreciating any time in the next ten years. The French economy shows most of the signs of going the same way as Italy’s – floating on a sea of debt and hoping that debt-fuelled growth will pull them out of the hole. The barricades are ready for any sign of serious deficit-reducing measures. And the French are very good at barricades. If you think I’m being over-gloomy, take a look at this assessment in the Economist on France’s prospects, written before this year’s Presidential elections.
So one obvious strategy, if you’re still determined to make the move, is not to put all your eggs in one basket. Make sure you have a plan to get you out of the merde if all goes wrong. Keep a few pennies aside to enable you to move back to your home country. Even better – enough to put down a deposit on a home despite being stuck with a French property you can’t sell for the price you need. All going wrong is not just failure to make ends meet. It can be the collapse of your business or the end of a relationship. Unpalatable as it may be, it pays to work out the what-ifs before you take the plunge. Too many people don’t, and end up suffering the consequences.
France is a great country. If you’re young, single and want to expand your horizons, go work for a French company for a few years. I have employed many UK contractors in France, and I know few who regretted the experience.
If you want a holiday home, there are few more beautiful places in the world than the usual French holiday haunts – great food, lovely countryside and (usually) friendly locals who will be very happy to take your money.
And if, after weighing up all the pros and cons, you decide that your permanent future lies in France, visit those holiday haunts out of season. See what they’re like in November and February. Or even in September, when the sunflowers bend in a deathly kowtow towards the earth, and elderly tourists shuffle around like human equivalents of Toto the miracle hound. Then make your decision.
If any of these options appeal, there’s plenty of reading available. Peter Mayle’s books, such as A Year in Provence, are old chestnuts now, but spawned an industry of clones. Still worth reading though. Also take a look at Stephen Clarke’s Merde series, of which the first was A Year in The Merde.
On reflection, I think we’ll stay as we are. It’s fun looking at all those stunning farmhouses, but quite another matter going through all the hassle of ownership. But you never know. Every time we visit France, the country seduces us anew.
PS: Names of the protagonists (including the dog) have been changed to protect the innocent and make sure I don’t get sued.Oh! Emetophobia! - Showbread
Dance with me baby, let me hear your voice
Oh if I didn't wanna fall for you I never had a choice
Smear the makeup on my face
run your fingers through my hair
I can not keep my heart from you and I don't even care
Yeah, you turn me inside out
You make me shake and I can't stop
You give new meaning to drop dead gorgeous
And I'm about to drop
You are a song to me
And every note of every chord will set me free
There's no time before you came along
Three cheers for the end of twenty one years
Nothing else is going wrong
Reverberate and complicate my evenings and my days
And I will only love you more
Well I will count the ways
Dance with me and when you see my pulse beneath my skin
It's racing now, I don't know how to hold the burning in
You've taken from me my defenses
My will is under attack
And baby when I wrap my arms around you
I feel the bones in your back
Oh yeah, your voice is like music
It's music to my ears
I'm not dying anymore, I'm alive baby!On Thursday it is the great feast of Samhain, the Celtic new year..
Say: .Jarome McKenzie
Biography
One the stars of the 2014 National Rugby Championship, the ‘Penrith flyer’ earned rave reviews for his pace and finishing ability on the wing for the Greater Sydney Rams and finishing as one of the leading try-scorers in the competition, until a shocking ankle injury put paid to his season.
After he switched from Penrith the Eastern Suburbs club in 2015, Mackenzie found himself in the gold of NSW Country for the NRC as he returned to fitness, and by season’s end had again regained his ability to find the line. Genuinely one of the fastest wingers in the game, who can also show his wares at fullback.John Fish was thankful to once again be a part of the acclaimed Melbourne Music Week, this time in 2016 at the iconic hub venue, the State Library of Victoria.
John Fish was asked to provide visuals for a total of 15 acts across two unique spaces, one being the enormous dome of the La Trobe Reading Room as well as the Queen’s Hall. The night was co-presented by Smooch Records, Paradise Music, Aarght Records and Waving at Trains with headline acts such as Severed Heads, Harvey Sutherland & Bermuda, Young Magic, Youandewan, OCDANTAR and many more. Inspired by 80s and early 90s techno influencing many of the artists, the visuals were primarily black and white with a geometric, line based aesthetic.StoreDot
Quick-charging battery startup StoreDot gets $60M on $500M valuation led by Daimler lead the conversation on how this… . 
StoreDot’s Bio-Organic Battery Tech Can Charge From Flat To Full In 30 Seconds
Israeli startup StoreDot is showing off a bio-organic fast-charging battery tech, which uses quantum dot technology, that can charge a battery from flat to full in 30 seconds. It’s also looking to push its nano-crystal technology into smartphone displays as a cheaper, cadmium-free alternative. “ the campus left, with some students saying the motto is a clear attack on diversity or a hateful expression of “white supremacy. “
Since Halloween, the signs have turned up at Princeton, the University of Iowa, Tulane, Harvard, the University of Maryland, Purdue, Concordia College in Minnesota and the University of Alberta and the University of Toronto in Canada.
More than a dozen handmade stickers reading “It’s Okay to Be White” surfaced around Harvard Square last Wednesday, prompting Cambridge officials to remove them and the Dean of Harvard Law School, Marcia L. Sells, to denounce the signs as “provocations intended to divide us.”
The Harvard Crimson reported that the stickers appeared to be part of a campaign started on the controversial forum website 4chan, which called upon followers to put up posters with the message in their area on Halloween night. The author of the original post on the site wrote that they hoped the “credibility of far-left campuses and media get nuked” as a result of the incident, adding that they could help achieve a “massive victory for the right in the culture war.”
Some campuses worked hard to spin the news as they reported it. The University of Kansas student newspaper ran the news of the signs as “white supremacy posters found around campus.”
John Hinderaker, writing at Power Line, reported that “A group of students at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota, did something so outrageous, so transgressive, that it has roiled the campus and led to newspaper headlines: they posted signs on campus that say, “It’s OK to be white.”
You might think that in a campus environment where a thousand genders are blooming, you could finish a sentence beginning “It’s OK to be…” in just about any possible manner. But you would be wrong.
Concordia students said the whole “plan” goes against the diversity message at the school.
Leftists divined that those who put up the signs are not entirely on board with the bullying zeitgeist of 21st-century education:
Senior Micah Ferden said, “(I) was really shocked that someone had the guts to do this because we try to promote diversity so much, and seeing this is saying ‘Hey, we still have students who aren’t fully invested in this diversity message.’”
A naive observer might have thought the message of the signs was anodyne. Moorhead, Minnesota, where Concordia is located, is 90.4% white, according to Wikipedia. So, a naïve observer might assume, it had better be OK to be white. But some thoughts must not be spoken. Concordia’s President has announced an “open forum” to discuss the radical sign.
Unsurprisingly, the campus left was generally prone to seeing the posters as out of bounds and illegitimate, though whites, particularly white males, have been the unofficial punching bags as oppressors in movements against “white privilege and “white fragility,” With campus leftists in recent weeks instructing whites to move to the back of lecture halls.In recognition of moms who do extraordinary things every day for their families and communities, Dollar General® (NYSE: DG) is partnering with Procter & Gamble to honor a Florida mom as its official Every Day Hero® for May. As part of its Every Day Heroes program, Dollar General will feature Maria Segura in a campaign thanking moms in Dollar General communities across the country. Segura will be featured in a national marketing campaign, including a spotlight in May on Oxygens Live Out Loud on-air vignette and in People magazine. received her G.E.D and Associates Degree and is now pursuing her bachelors..
Dollar General is pleased to honor moms everywhere through the Every Day Heroes program, said Todd Vasos, Dollar Generals., PepsiCo, Kellogg’s, Coca-Cola and more. Foundations web site at.
This press release has an accompanying Smart Marketing Page providing further details about the organization, products and services introduced above. You can access the Smart Marketing Page via the following link:.
Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available:Fred Rogers (a.k.a. Mr. Rogers) shared a memory once of his mother’s advice during difficult or frightening times.
“When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, “Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.”
Today, I am thankful for the people in my life who are the helpers. I see you, all around me, making this world a better place. I may not remember to tell you in the moment, but you need to know that I see you, and that other people see you, too.
This Thanksgiving Day, my helper friends, I just want you to know that I see you. And I am grateful for you, today and always.
3 thoughts on “Thanking The Helpers”
I like 🙂
Thank you, SSA. I hope you’ve had a nice Thanksgiving Day!
Ditto to you. Let the comas begin.I am going to be cruising over I 10 on sun. Have time to kill. I will be cruising through el paso late after noon and final stop is Las Cruces. I have a delivery for mon. If anybody wants to hook up, call my cell. 518-225-3930. if you have to leave a voice mail, make sure you press 1 1 2 after or I won't get it!! You can try and leave me a private message with your phone # but I don't have a laptop and am using various computers at truck stops. I will check mail by mid afternoon.Property Overview
- Price AED 6,400,000
- IDVI45038
- Handover Date12/31/2016
- TypeVilla
- Contract Sale
- LocationSaadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat
- Area4725 sqft
- Beds4
- Baths6
- Parking2
- ViewCommunity view
- OwnershipFree Hold (All Nationalities)
-
- Rate this property
Description
At Hidd Al Saadiyat, each neighborhood is unique,.
Buyers will benefit from world class home finance solutions, competitive rates, and flexible payment plans.
For more information please call us on 02 205 2999, T: 600 548 200
Access for the virtual tour.
Amenities
- Balcony
- Built in wardrobes
- Ceramic tiles
- Closed Kitchen
- Covered car ports
- Landscaped gardens
- Laundry Room
- Maids room
- Open Kitchen
- Private pool
- Storage
- Study
- Terrace
- Utility Room
- WalkIn Closet
Floor Plans
Nearby Amenites
Mosque
- Sheikh Khalifa Mosque (1787m)
Hotel
- Saadiyat Beach Club (1803m)
- Saadiyat Beach (3788m)
- Park Hyatt Abu Dhabi Hotel and Villas (3931m)
- Saadiyat Rotana Resort & Villas (4066m)
- St. Regis Hotel (4924m)Show moreShow less
Restaurant
- Le Deck (1789m)
- Safina (1843m)
- Circle Cafe (2591m)
- Hawksbill Restaurant (3850m)
- Beach House (3894m)
- The Park Bar & Grill (3903m)
- The Cafe (3920m)
- StarBucks (3948m)
- Alyazya Terrace (4056m)Show moreShow less
Location
Unit details
This 4 Bedroom Villa in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat comes in the size of 4725 sq ft. This unit have 4 Bedroom, 6 bathrooms and 2 parking.
The Villa available in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat Price per Sq.ft is 1354 AED.
Community view for this 4 Bedroom Villa in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat.
Abu Dhabi Reference number for 4 Bedroom Villa for Sale in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat is 347231
Details for this 4 Bedroom in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat, including Photos and Virtual Tours.Floor plans for this Villa in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat
Find the location map for Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al SaadiyatBest Price for Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat are available now
Broker for the 4 Bedroom Villa in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat in Property Shop Investment
Find similar units for 4 Bedroom Villa in Saadiyat Island / Hidd Al Saadiyat in abu-dhabi.properties websiteMadigan Reconsidering Illinois Senate Race
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan may run for the Senate in 2010 after all. Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is reconsidering the possibility of running for the Senate in 2010, according to several sources familiar with her thinking.
Madigan, widely considered the 800-pound gorilla in the state's politics, had previously flatly ruled out a Senate bid in 2010 -- insisting that all of her attention is on the governor's race next year.
But, with Gov. Pat Quinn (D) riding high after having replaced disgraced former Gov. Rod Blagojevich and a new poll conducted by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee showing her cruising to the Senate seat, Madigan is at least entertaining the possibility of running to join the world's greatest deliberative body. Madigan would likely still start as the favorite in the governor's race but even those close to her acknowledge that the path to the Senate is less cluttered.
If she runs, she would drastically shake up the current Democratic field. State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias is widely seen as the current frontrunner but would likely struggle to keep his support from the party establishment in the face of a Madigan candidacy. (Madigan's father, Mike, is the powerful speaker of the Illinois state House.)
Rep. Jan Schakowsky is also seriously considering the race but almost certainly wouldn't challenge Madigan in a primary. Chris Kennedy, the son of former Attorney General Robert Kennedy and the president of Merchandise Mart, is has conducted a poll to test a possible candidacy.. Appointed Sen. Roland Burris has yet to make any announcement about his future political plans but is widely regarded as superfluous to the conversation as he was badly damaged from his ties to Blagojevich and his decision to to raise money for a re-election bid in the first three months of the year.
Madigan is far from a sure thing to run for the Senate. There are at least two reasons why she won't run: she covets the governor's office and she is sitting on more than $4 million in a state campaign account that could not be transferred to a Senate bid. (Quinn has tried to neuter Madigan by proposing that no money could be carried over to the governor's race in 2010 but it's not clear that is going anywhere.)
Still, the prospect of claiming President Obama's old Senate seat at a time when Washington is undeniably the center of the political world and governors around the country are being forced to either raise taxes, slash programs or both could well be more attractive to Madigan than in months and years past.
If the DSCC can land her, it's a major recruiting success that could solve a potentially major problem in Illinois.
By
Chris Cillizza
|
May 11, 2009; 11:27 AM ET
Categories: Democratic Party , Senate
Save & Share:
Previous: White House Cheat Sheet: Wanda Sykes, Rush Limbaugh and the Politics of Humor
Next: Twittering the White House Daily Briefing
Posted by: Kman23 | May 12, 2009 1:39 AM | Report abuse
Just like it was "hilarious" to see Reagan debate Carter? Careful what you wish for.
Posted by: JakeD | May 11, 2009 9:00 PM | Report abuse
That's called "name recognition", jakey. Nothing more.
It would have been hilarious to actually see Ditka debate the issues. It would have been a precursor to the palin fiasco of a debate with Biden.
Posted by: jasperanselm | May 11, 2009 8:15 PM | Report abuse
I'm sure that Chris remembers back in 2004, when Ditka was approached about running against Obama, ABC released a poll taken by 21st Century Campaigns LLC of Chicago. It conducted the poll from July 3 through July 5. Steve Denari, CEO of 21st Century, noted that he had not seen such a strong showing for a political outsider since the previous October, when 21st Century polled Arnold Schwarzenegger in the lead for California Governor.
The polling results were as follows:
Mike Ditka 58%
Jim Oberweis 16%
Steve Rauschenberger 12%
Others/Undecided 14%
Coach Ditka could have beaten Barack Obama (and saved us this national nightmare ; )
Posted by: JakeD | May 11, 2009 7:37 PM | Report abuse
You guys REALLY think that Burris could beat Ditka?! LOL!!!
Chris, what say you?
Posted by: JakeD | May 11, 2009 7:31 PM | Report abuse
Ditka unbeatable?
Did you forget your meds today, Jakey?
Posted by: jasperanselm | May 11, 2009 6:55 PM | Report abuse
Oh, how I hope the repubs run Mike Ditka. Anyone on the democratic side can beat him, even Roland Burris.
I would prefer Alexi to Lisa Madigan, but I would rather see her as Senator then Governor as long as her father is Speaker.
I will not vote for her as Governor until her father gives up his Speaker post.
Posted by: bdl0715 | May 11, 2009 5:40 PM | Report abuse
Mike Ditka is the bottom of the barrel? I can't think of ANYONE the Democrats could run to beat him. Maybe he can be convinced this time around that all sorts of unintended consequences happen if he doesn't run again? Maybe, this time the Democrat will turn out to be worse than Hitler (and, no, I'm not referring to Annie Duke ; )
Posted by: JakeD | May 11, 2009 4:13 PM | Report abuse
Did you happen to call anyone "familiar with her thinking" in Illinois? Because this is new to those folks.
Posted by: capitolfax | May 11, 2009 4:08 PM | Report abuse
This is great news for Democrats. The polling that CC refers to shows Madigan killing the likely Republican Mark Kirk (49-33), with Kirk tying giannoulias 35-35. The poll can be found here:.
Posted by: mjames2 | May 11, 2009 3:22 PM | Report abuse
Scraping the bottom of the barrel there Jake. Better throw in the towel on this one; no repub is going to win the seat.
Posted by: jasperanselm | May 11, 2009 3:20 PM | Report abuse
What about Gary Sinise, or Mike Ditka again?
Posted by: JakeD | May 11, 2009 2:20 PM | Report abuse
Madigan's other huge obstacle to getting elected governor is many people in IL just don't want to see so much state power concentrated in one family's hands. It's as big or bigger an obstacle as Quinn. Once her dad Mike Madigan retires that problem goes away. That's gonna be far into the future though.
Posted by: markg8 | May 11, 2009 2:19 PM | Report abuse
Illinois and Pennsylvania are hot topics with you! My two favorite states. Why does everyone think being a senator is peaches-and-cream? Getting elected is a lot of work and raising the money to get reelected is your full-time other job. There are 100 other people in the room, all with egos just as big as yours. Most of your work starts and ends with compromise. Sure, better than being a congressman, but Tom Ridge could see the downsides (and they are bigger on the GOP side of the aisle), and so can Lisa Madigan.
Much nicer to be governor. You rule, it's your roost. You try to solve a state's problems, not the Country's or the World's problems. You actually get to set the course and hope to move your state in the right direction. Your obligations and your connections are mostly local and more constant.
Chris, in the words of George Bernard Shaw, now that you have given your wife a child she would boil you for soup if her son were hungry. It's a fierce big love.
Posted by: margaretmeyers | May 11, 2009 2:06 PM | Report abuse
I think the move to the senate would be ideal for Madigan. It is a position where you only have to run every 6 years and you have an entire national orginization (DSCC) behind you everytime you run. Also with a fellow Illini in the white house there is the possibility of really having a say in major legislation due to the mutual connections that she would share with Obama. Plus the weather is nicer in DC.
Posted by: AndyR3 | May 11, 2009 1:28 PM | Report abuse
If Madigan does the math, she will see that she can win the Senate seat now and then run for governor any time she wants to afterward. As a bonus, if she does later become governor she might even get to pick her Senate replacement, which means every Democrat in Illinois will be working to stay on her good side while she's in the Senate.
And, having been both a Senator and a Governor, that could position her for a run at President or Vice President at some point in the future.
Minus some scandal that takes her out of all the equations, it coud be a no-lose situation with huge potential.
Posted by: Gallenod | May 11, 2009 1:02 PM | Report abuse
I agree with you Chris and Happy Mothers day to your wife. Now getting back to what i was saying: Burris is out! Polling conducted 2 weeks ago showed him dreadfully lower than Alexi Giannoulias (getting 2% of vote),and Lisa Madigan. Burris did himself in his lies and minipulating a few good African Americans to support him.
Posted by: mattadamsdietmanager1014 | May 11, 2009 11:46 AM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
JakeD is a paid Republican troll! Don't listen to anything he says. He hasn't completed high school yet so his thoughts haven't been fully thought out.
Only an idiot thinks Ditka would be a good candidate. Him and Keys right? They're the winning combination! I think Ditka would be like Lynn Swann, their opponent would have an automatic pass. Ditka would be like getting a bye in a tournament.By Lyle Fitzsimmons
Perhaps Manny Pacquiao set a tone.
After a week in which preview stories, radio interviews and water cooler talk about the returning Filipino ex-champion were the norm, this week already seems to be a redux of nostalgia.
Within hours of the Friday weigh-in for Pacquiao’s Saturday fight with Brandon Rios, my other-side-of-the-world cell phone was blowing up with contact from another former holder of a welterweight title belt - one-time IBF champion Kermit Cintron.
The Puerto Rican-born slugger, who discovered boxing long after he’d been a successful high school wrestler in suburban Philadelphia, has flown significantly under the radar since a fifth-round TKO loss to Canelo Alvarez in a 154-pound title shot in 2011.
He was out of the ring for all of 2012 and has returned for a pair of off-the-beaten-path appearances this year, managing a split-decision draw Adrian Granados on March 22 in Chicago before outpointing once-beaten Jonathan Batista five months later in Oklahoma.
Both of those fights occurred back at 147 pounds and helped Cintron establish a beachhead for what he insists will be a rapid return to prominence in his old weight class stomping grounds.
Step one in that process, he says, was returning to the strength and conditioning coach - Joe Pastore - whom he’d worked with in the early stages of his career, which began with 22 KOs in 24 victories from 2000 through 2004.
He’s 10-5-2 in 17 fights since, with six knockouts.
“I’m looking forward to getting back in the ring early next year, January or February,” Cintron said. “Looking to start the new year with a statement. I’m looking to come out knocking opponents out like I did in the early stages of my career.”
Among the foes on his immediate agenda is fellow Puerto Rican-turned-Pennsylvanian Ronald Cruz, who specifically called Cintron’s name after improving to 20-2 with a mid-November defeat of Hector Muniz in Bethlehem, Pa. - about an hour’s drive from Cintron’s home in Reading.
Cintron said he’d never heard of Cruz before the mention, but would like to make his acquaintance now if promoters Russell Peltz (Cruz) and Leon Margules (Cintron) can strike a deal.
“I’m willing to accept his challenge. Looks like I’m on his Christmas wish list,” Cintron said. “I want to give him his early Christmas present.”
* * * * * * * * * *
Contestant No. 2 on the old-school hit parade is former IBF lightweight titleholder Paul Spadafora, whose four-year belted run was quickly forgotten amid a torrent of out-of-ring issues that included multiple incarcerations in the century’s first decade.
Though his last fight with genuine championship implications occurred more than 10 years ago, the tattooed Pittsburgh native has managed to win 12 straight fights in the interim and will be aiming for 49-0-1 when he meets Venezuelan Johan Perez on Saturday night in West Virginia.
Spadafora last fought in April when he decisioned 12-loss trial horse Robert Frankel, but he reappeared in Miami in late June during a press tour stop hyping the Mayweather-Alvarez title fight and called for meetings with both Mayweather and protege Adrien Broner.
“We’re here to make a little noise,” Spadafora said. “We want the little brother (Broner), and then we’re coming for the big brother (Mayweather).”
Now 38 years old, Spadafora is ranked fourth at 140 pounds by the WBA, whose dubious interim belt will be on the line against Perez.
“The road to redemption will be paved with Johan Perez,” said Joseph Horn, Spadafora’s manager. “Perez can't even begin to contemplate what this fight means to Paul and all it represents for him. To that end, Paul has prepared at the highest level possible, recognizing that Perez is a talented opponent and that Paul needs to silence his critics and the doubters who said Spadafora was history.”
* * * * * * * * * *
This week’s title-fight schedule:
SATURDAY
WBC light heavyweight title - Quebec City, Quebec
Adonis Stevenson (champion) vs. Tony Bellew (No. 1 contender)
Stevenson (22-1, 19 KO): Second title defense; Three stoppage wins in 2013 (14 rounds)
Bellew (20-1-1, 12 KO): Second title fight (0-1); First fight outside United Kingdom
Fitzbitz says: “Haitian-turned-Canadian puts another log onto his Fighter of the Year fire with another inside-the-distance win, but not without some difficulty.” Stevenson in 9
WBC strawweight title - Maguan, China
Xiong Zhao Zhong (champion) vs. Omari Kimweri (No. 7 contender)
Zhong (21-4-1, 11 KO): Second title defense; Twenty-third fight in China (20-1-1)
Kimweri (13-3, 5 KO): First title fight; Third fight outside Australia (0-2)
Fitzbitz says: “Perhaps the first title shot for a challenger who lost to a winless fighter in his previous bout. Not sure how that warrants a No. 7 ranking, but it won’t matter here.” Zhong in 10
WBO light heavyweight title - Quebec City, Quebec
Sergey Kovalev (champion) vs. Ismayl Sillakh (No. 15 contender)
Kovalev (22-0-1, 20 KO): First title defense; Stoppages in last 10 victories (31 rounds)
Sillakh (21-1, 17 KO): First title fight; First fight in Canada
Fitzbitz says: “Sillakh had some big talk a few years back on the Hopkins-Jones II undercard, but he’s spun his wheels since. He’ll have reason to yap again if the upset happens.” Sillakh in 6
WBO mini-flyweight title - Quezon City, Philippines
Merlito Sabillo (champion) vs. Carlos Buitrago (No. 1 contender)
Sabillo (23-0, 12 KO): Second title defense; Stoppages in last five victories (26 rounds)
Buitrago (27-0, 16 KO): First title fight; First fight in Philippines
Fitzbitz says: “Champion hasn’t lost a fight, which is important, but he’s in with another guy who’s never lost and who somehow appears ready to succeed on a road trip.” Buitrago in 7
WBO junior flyweight title - Quezon City, Philippines
Donnie Nietes (champion) vs. Sammy Gutierrez (No. 14 contender)
Nietes (31-1-4, 17 KO): Third title defense; Held WBO belt at 105 (2007-10, four defenses)
Gutierrez (33-9-2, 23 KO): Third title fight (0-2); No wins in last 13 months (0-1)
Fitzbitz says: “Dual-division champion has carried a belt for much of the last several years and shows no signs of losing it here to less active and less successful foil.” Nietes by decision
Last week's picks: 2-1
2013 picks record: 71-34 (67.6 percent)
Overall picks record: 534-186 .Was anti-authoritarian novelist Milan Kundera a communist informant? Did he rat out Miroslav Dvoracek, a Czech spy for the West? The Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes claims a team of historians and researchers discovered a document written by the Czech Communist police, identifying Kundera as the individual who informed on Mr. Dvoracek. Dvoracek was subsequently imprisoned for 14 years. Kundera denies the allegations.
Read more at:
The Contentious Centrist: here and here
AdvertisementsWhen I fall asleep,
it’s you I want
to reach me on my dreams.
When I’m feeling down,
it’s you I imagine
cheering me up.
When my mind’s not clear,
or my ideas are worthless,
it’s you who keeps me going
and continue to be living.
It’s you.
It has always been you.
The one I want,
the one I couldn’t live without,
the one I care for more than anyone else.
It has always been you.
But there could never be
me and you.
hourglass
Advertisements are between the ages of 13-17 and open a new savings or checking account at Altra, you will automatically become part of Elements of Money Club. If you want to save, spend, borrow and invest money the smart way, elements of money is the financial program for you.
Elements of Money that were performed at Boston’s Music Hall on June 8, 1978, just three years before Bob Marley succumbed to cancer. Although I was around in 1978, I was just twelve days shy of my 6th birthday when these concerts were recorded. On February 17, 2015, this previously unreleased concert CD will be offered for sale for the first time. I will admit that I am not as familiar with reggae as some of my friends are, though I am certainly familiar with Bob Marley & The Wailers. His music was a staple at my college. I’m sure his music is still blared from dormitories and college apartments around the world.
Easy Skanking in Boston ’78 will be available as just a CD, CD + DVD, or a CD + Blu-ray Combo. Right now, I only have access to the musical portion of this album, but I will soon get the DVD portion. Unfortunately, since I live in Germany, mail can take awhile to get to me. I will have to post a review of the concert footage video at a later date. I look forward to seeing the video, which was shot by a fan Bob Marley allowed to sit right in front of the stage.
Easy Skanking in Boston ’78 runs for 76 minutes and consists of thirteen tracks, several of which are live versions of well-known songs that were already very familiar to me. I really enjoy live albums by musicians who are genuinely talented. There’s something about the raw energy of a crowd cheering, a musician interacting with the crowd, and the innovation of a live performance that excites me. Easy Skanking in Boston ’78 is well produced; I can hear a gentle ripple of crowd cheering in the background, but the production on this live album really focuses on the music. For most of the album, when the music is playing, the crowd noise is kept to a minimum as Bob Marley jams with his Wailers. Between the tracks, I hear a more generous round of applause. I’m sure at the actual event, there was much hooting, hollering, and hell raising going on. I only mention this because I once had a friend who hated live albums. She didn’t like hearing the crowds clap and shout. I’m thinking of her now as I write that for a live album, this particular recording doesn’t focus too much on the audience’s reaction or Marley’s interaction with the crowd. What you’ll hear is very tight, well played live music that spotlights Bob Marley’s distinctive sound and his energy during a live performance.
As I sit here and listen to this newly available yet classic music, I can’t help but reflect on the broad appeal and timelessness of Bob Marley’s sound. There’s a lot of music out there that may have been popular when it was first produced, but doesn’t stand the test of time. This music was recorded in 1978, a full 36 years ago, but it still sounds amazing in 2015. I confess that I was not familiar with the song “Easy Skanking” before I listened to this concert CD named after it, but I think it’s going to be a new favorite for me. The gentle and comforting melody of “No Woman No Cry” is still every bit as singable and enjoyable as it’s always been. Marley’s singing is spot on, augmented by his backup singers’ tight harmonies.
The set continues seamlessly with “Lively Up Yourself”, another well-known song with a more upbeat tempo. But my personal favorite Marley song and track on this new live CD is “Jamming”. On Easy Skanking in Boston ’78 Bob Marley & The Wailers pump up the energy, making this a great song to listen to in the morning. It’s clear this song was intended to be the showstopper– building up the audience for the end of the show. This particular rendition is alive with energy; I can’t wait to see the video footage of it. I have a feeling people were really into it, especially at the end of the song when I can hear an extended ovation by the crowd. After the crowd calms down a little, Marley introduces the next song, “War-No More Trouble”, a song that really is appropriate today. Marley’s anti-war song leads into a rousing performance of “Get Up Stand Up”, and finally “Exodus”.
If you enjoy Bob Marley & The Wailers, you should pick up Easy Skanking in Boston ’78 when it’s released on February 17th. I think you’ll really enjoy it. It’s beautifully mastered, sounds great on my sound system, and has a great mix of classic Marley songs. But what makes this commemorative release so worth it is that it really captures the energy of Bob Marley & The Wailers in concert. I probably would have liked to have heard a little more audience interplay, just so I could capture more of the essence of Marley’s live performance. When the video gets here, I think I’ll have more of an appreciation for what seeing Marley live on stage was really like.
Track listing for Easy Skanking in Boston ’78
Slave Driver
Burnin’ and Lootin’
Them Belly Full
The Heathen
Rebel Music
I Shot The Sheriff
Easy Skanking
No Woman, No Cry
Lively Up Yourself
Jamming
War-No More Trouble
Get Up Stand Up
ExodusI know there are people out there who do not think that salad can make a satisfying, soul-fulfilling, delicious meal. They probably see people like you, Mr. Iceberg-lettuce-drenched-in-ranch-dressing, or you, Ms. Dry-mound-of-mixed-greens-with-a-few-cherry-tomatoes-and-eight-black-beans. Well, I’m here to tell you that they’re doing it wrong.
Salad need not be drenched in decadence to be delicious, nor drab and boring to be healthy. Here is the simple rule to making a beast of a salad: pile on everything. Yes, everything–okay, maybe skip the dessert station. The more flavors, textures and temperatures, the better.
This tactic works very well at the dining hall (or at Whole Foods, if you’ve got $15+ to shell out), but can be implemented at home, too, especially for using up random odds and ends of leftovers. You simply grab a bed of greens, but skip the iceberg lettuce in favor of something darker with more nutrients. It’s usually wise to start reasonably small since these salads tend to turn into mountains! Once you’ve got your green base, throw on everything that sounds good to you that day.
Add as many veggies as you can fit (raw, sautéed, steamed, marinated), beans (hot, cold, plain, seasoned), protein of some sort (the chicken breasts downstairs are a great, fairly reliable option), grains (brown rice, quinoa, farro, millet), lentils, salsa, hummus–really anything your heart desires. Feel free to blend cuisines from different parts of the world—guacamole and curried chicken is a surprisingly good combination, and don’t be afraid to step outside the usual toppings—scrambled eggs or a frittata are surprisingly delicious on a salad!
Now I challenge you: go, build your own salad beast, and savor the satisfaction of conquering it. Tweet us a picture of your next beast salad @spoon_GU.Mama, Don’t Let Your Clouds Grow Up to be SilosCloud adoption is rising at spectacular rates. There is no need to wait to work with IT to address a needed solution, just buy a cloud-based app out of you department’s budget. But, what good is agile if you are an island in your own company? The typical good-sized...
 […]
Fowl fiscal deeds
SPRINGFIELD – […]
Illinois State Police Buying New Cars; Leaves Them Parked
The State of Illinois has bought 85 new 2013 Chevrolet Caprices last year and have another 400 on the way. Yet, the State Police are still driving cars with 150,000 miles on them. So what is the issue? This is a typical Illinois government problem. They have dedicated funds for buying the cars, but then […] […]
DNR Employee Fished for 3 Months While on Sick Leave; Doctors Orders
A top administrator in Gov. Pat Quinn’s Department of Natural Resources was forced to resign amid questions from the Better Government Association, NBC 5 and other news outlets that he moonlighted as a professional bass fisherman while on paid sick leave from state government. But, Travis Loyd said the DNR, an agency that’s seen funding and staffing […] […]
Watchdog: Red light bribe scandal could be widespread
By David Kidwell, Tribune reporter 7:09 a.m. CST, January 23, 2014, […]
Labor union wins: Illinois ends private Medicaid review
By Benjamin Yount | Illinois Watchdog SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — […]Our clients work in different sectors (fashion, agri-food sector, aeronautics, consumer goods, etc.), which has allowed us to build up knowledge of varied visual domains over time. We will advise you on how to optimise your stand and make it more visible on the basis of the surface area required.Why does Microsoft continue with Windows 10 Mobile and ARM? We now finally have an answer.
Windows 10 Mobile is one of the most interesting – and to some baffling – aspects of Microsoft's software strategy. With 1% market share and no consumer flagship story to sell, Microsoft's continued development of the OS seems bizarre to outsiders. This situation isn't lost on ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley.
Foley recently peppered Microsoft Executive Vice President of Windows and Devices Terry Myerson with a barrage of strategy questions. Mobile, of course, was asked about: specifically why even bother?
.
Myerson's answer is fascinating and again, hints at something I have been saying for over a year now: Microsoft is going beyond just a phone for its Mobile strategy. Let's recap:
- September 2014 - Microsoft drops 'Phone' from the OS name to call it Windows 10 Mobile
- July 2015 - Microsoft abandons phone hardware business
- September 2016 - HP calls Elite x3 "a three-in-one device that can make calls" and not a smartphone
- October 2016 – Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella comments about the "hunt for the next big category" pushes ideas about Mixed Reality and AI
- October 2016 – Device Chief Panos Panay reiterates that Surface is about category creation
I do not think any of that is a coincidence. Nadella recently made headlines for stating what everyone has known for years: Microsoft "clearly missed" the smartphone category.
Thus, Microsoft's conundrum. To compete with Apple and Google in mobile Microsoft can no longer go head to head with them. Instead, Microsoft needs to change the game. By creating a new hardware category, Microsoft avoids a direct comparison with the latest iPhone or Galaxy device.
Looking at Myerson's explanation above it is evident that Microsoft does have a plan for Mobile it's just not the one that people are expecting e.g. a traditional smartphone.
The Way Forward
It is apparent what Microsoft needs to do to become relevant in Mobile. It is also the hardest, but most intriguing path: category creation.
Microsoft will not make any old smartphone, add in Continuum, and call it a "Surface phone." It's just not happening; everyone knows that strategy is doomed to fail for all the usual reasons. The app gap is still real, and just another smartphone is not enough to disrupt the momentum of Google and Apple.
In that sense, Windows Phone as we know it is dead.
Nonetheless, you can see where Microsoft sees value in certain markets. Microsoft, by their admission, considers the future of computing to be a broad set of technologies:
- Mixed reality (augmented and virtual reality; holograms, 3D imaging)
- Pen and inking
- Focus on creation, not just media consumption
- Studying how the next generation uses phones and computers
- ARM architecture and cellular connectivity for mobile are necessary
- Universal Windows Platform (UWP) and OneCore
- Creating new device categories for consumers
What does a mobile device look like for that world? That is the answer to Microsoft's mobile woes. In fact, it is the only path forward besides complete abandonment. (While I think Continuum will play a role I am not convinced a feature we already know about is the core defining one of mobile either. To put it another way, I think there will be something else to 'wow' us.)
The million-dollar question is what that device will look like or even do. Sure, it will run Windows 10 and Universal Windows Apps, but its core focus, design, and emphasis will be something unique not already on the market. It will be mobile, it will make calls, it will have a data connection, and run on ARM. If you build a mobile device from the ground up for a market that puts phone usage below computing what does that get you?
Case in point, look at the Surface Pro (vision of a two-in-one), Surface Book (a new take on the laptop), Surface Studio (a new take on the all-in-one), and even HoloLens (holographic computing). Consumers were demanding none of those things. Two weeks ago, no one said: "We need a giant Surface that can also act as a drafting table." trick.
That should also tell you that any hope for an x86 "Surface Phone" is thankfully not happening.
The final question you may have is when? The Surface team has been forthright about when they bring products to market: When it's ready. They don't work by artificial time frames, but only when the technology, design, and its execution all come together. That's a hard pill to swallow, but the reality of category creation.
The takeaway is that Microsoft still has a mobile story to tell, but they are not yet ready to share it with the world. Whatever it is, do not call it a phone. It's time to think different.
Reader comments
Why Microsoft keeps working on Windows 10 Mobile: ARM, cellular, and the next big thing
Pages
I only want Microsoft phones. I will not buy phones from another manufacturer.
SMDH
Continuum used to be the next thing that made it "not a phone". Then the Surface Phone, was the next strategy. Then x86. Then we got really excited about HoloLens. And so on and so forth.
So basically, if you're purchasing a Microsoft mobile device you don't know what you're getting yourself into. Tell us something we don't already know.
Like i said before, and will continue to say over and over again; if you like it for what it does out of the box then by all means, purchase it. But do not buy a Microsoft product hopeful for what it may or may not do in the near future.
After enjoying Windows Mobile/Phone for 14 years I finally had enough and switched to an iPhone. While the OS is still inefficiant Apple has incormporated enough ideas from WinMo to make it tolerable. It certainly is more polished. And I can finally find an App to do anything I may want. I think Microsoft is never going to make any significant inroads into mobile again. After all, who would leave an established ecosystem for a company with a well established reputation for abandoning its Consumer customers? As it has always been, Microsoft just can't understand the importance that people place on being able to invest in a technology that will contiue to be supported. WinMo, Windows Phone, Windows Mobile10, Microsoft Band
- along with Windows Me and Vista, THESE are what's going to play thru the heads of anyone contemplating a move from an iPhone or Android to a Windows product. Satya has rung the deathnell of Microsoft as a Consumer mobile company.
This sounds a lot like Weekend at Bernie's.
Folks notice VP Mr. Myerson said tha Microsoft will keep investing in ARMS CPU's & Mobile tech because they do not want to start from scratch because it would be Super hard to do that therefore Microsoft will still be continue to improve the Window 10 operating system used on ARMs CPU devices. He did not commit to saying Microsoft would make another smart phone brand But frankly I will put my neck out and say that Microsoft will debut an ARMS CPU Surface smart phone by September/October 2017. It will run like the HP Elite X3 and look like and work like a pocket PC. It will run current Windows phone Apps and Microsoft UWP Universal Apps. Folks Since Intel still sells some ATOM CPU's Microsoft could make a 7 ot 8 inch Windows 10 desktop OS Tablet with a cell phone embedded inside the case running Windows 10 mobile OS in smart phone mode and running full Windows10 desktop OS in it's normal Tablet mode. Both the embedded Windows 10 mobile smart phone and the full Windows10 Desktop OS Tablet could run UWP Microsoft Universal apps as the common apps that make them communicate with each other. such a dual smart phone tablet device has be made by Android. Microsoft can do the same. This device would not appeal to everyone however enough of them would be sold world wide to make profit selling them. In essence it would do the some of things Some Windows smart phone fans want the Surface smart phone to do. Who knows maybe som Microsoft OEM partner will dare to make and sell such a device
I see a different reality. To me, Microsoft are just blundering their way through the Mobile landscape and their 'plan' is such a mess it cannot even be conveyed to people with any degree of credibility. As a long time WP user and developer, with 5 apps in the Store - one for the Band - I have had enough of them. As a consumer and as a developer they have used all their Get out of Jail Free cards as far as I'm concerned. I have ceased app development; having meandered through Sliverlight, Silverlight 8.1, Win8/Universal and finally UWP, to finally see that the their technology shifting is as flawed as their consumer offerings, in Mobile and many other areas. Most things they put out these days simply just does not work and life is too short to continue to tolerate that.
I think its easy to say that they have a bigger picture in mind, an ace up their sleeve, that its not about a 'Phone' its about something bigger and more special and more advanced than people can understand right now - and that this big thing is coming in the near future - when the future is ready for it, as it were. This is the gist of the pro-MS articles of late (of late meaning perhaps the last 2 years). But, on the other hand one could simply state that they have not had any focus, made bad decisions, - have failed Mobile X number of times, have created the UWP way too late (and who the hell cares about it now anyway) - that they have dug themselves into a hole, and the only explanation they can provide withouth making themselves look, er stupid, is that they are cooking up something quite different, that its all deliberate and consumers should not be thinking about a phone anymore, and that bla bla bla.
Its sad. I resisted ditching, but everything they do now is just hopelessly wrong. I have moved my email, cloud, music service, hardware, phone, fitness device, everything I can to another platform that gives me what I need right now, whilst also having a clear path to the future without a lot of mumbo jumbo and hocus pocus. After all, tomorrow I could be in the morgue - why the hell should I wait for Microsoft to get their lame asses into gear another single minute? I wish them success - primarily for the loyal customers they still have, some of which are on this site; but succeed or fail I will not be around to see the outcome. All the best!
You are spot on with the development, I was developing only one app and I got tired of the relentless changes to their development platform. With regards the Lumia they made no attempt to introduce flagship phones (which I would have bought), instead a middle of the road 950. Game over!
I think MS tries to play it safe, from now on, they will only make products to drive the Windows market to a better direction. They're waiting till all the attributes that could lead to success get matured themself, things like universal apps, centenial apps... gain better marketshare and technology, both in hardware and software, are good enough to delivery something that make a difference.
In essence, the parallel is between Microsoft and Apple. Google has products, but it's all too fragmented right now. Apple created a continuum of products that go from wrist ( watch ), through phone, tablet, notebook, to desktop. Although they all tie together in some fashion, they are separate operating systems. In addition, some support touch, others do not. So it is not a smooth transition, but people do buy into it in a profitable way. Microsoft has also tried to build a continuum of products. The major difference is they want one operating system to span the full spectrum of products, and touch is supported across all of them. That is what the consumer sees. However, they have stumbled and pulled out of the one end ( wearable and phone ) rather than continue to spend resources in resolving the challenges.
Am I wrong or mr Myerson just told me that they don't care at all about me as a WM user? I feel he just gave me the reason to switch to something else, for instance, Android, because it is just about keeping the technology alive, in case they want to use it in the future. If, by chance, some years in the future they want to do something good, then I might consider again coming back. Why bother with WP if they are just using me to be prepared for the "next big thing." But, if the NBT might come in 5 years, why suffer 5 years (more) with the app gap (that is very big for me)? I am in the insider thing, I give feedback, I buy devices and software, and...wait until the ARM processors have a role in the future...?
But WM has tiles!!! Yes, they update 2 or 12 hours, this is, almost useless, and give very little information. But there is continuuuummm!!! Which I don't need (at least not in the near future). But it works seamlessly with your W10 computer!!!! When the apps that I need exist, which is not the case. But there is Cortana!!!!! Not in my country. I haven't even been able to find a case for my model. Ahhh... I'm convinced about the vision and the future of mr Nadella, should I leave and then come back when that reality exists?
Changing the work phone to device....a rose by any other name....
MS is ahead by having a full OS on this...methinks...
Nice article. Only time will tell what happens here but things can't really get any worse. Brilliant end to your article by the way using an apple marketing slogan seemed poetic.
Thanks for the 100 of thousands of you for beta testing the windows mobile for microsoft. They pulled the lumia hardware, they will release something next year, it will be special, I will purchase it, and love it. Thanks guys!
As a WP user I like the road MS is heading down, I'm fed up of walking around with an expensive phone, it breaks, you can easily forget it somewhere, it contains all your valuable information. I just want to be able to jump in my car, walk into my house etc and say Cortana call my mon, sms my wife etc without having to actually walk around with a device as expensive as lets say a $1000 iphone
>By creating a new hardware category, Microsoft avoids a direct comparison with the latest iPhone or Galaxy device.
This is a bad thing if your a Windows Mobile fan. No question when the younger croud goes looking for a smartphone (13-25 range), they go for WOW factor on a phone. Put a phone that is a flagship that goes head to head with Samsung, LG and Apple flagship devices you will sell some. You need the WOW factor to get to this demographic of buyers.
A nice ad doing "Something/Think Different" like apple did years ago, and maybe there is a chance that it could grow interest.
Microsoft's hide and hope it works thing never does work(they have tried this in the past and it has failed), they may be at 1% now but, in 2 years, they will be at 0.05% and 2 years later 0.00001% of the market....it's just a matter of time before all the 2 year contracts are up on phones that are on the shelf now...
What a timely article, since as of this morning, Bing Rewards doesn't seem to recognize mobile searches. At least not on my phone on on Bing.com
Working for me. Try logging out of Bing and back in.
Microsoft needs to bring Cortana to our TV's and not just through Continuum.
Consider the Surface Solution: The core of this product is a 7" handheld with full stylus support. It has full cellular connectivity and supports Continuum. It sits on a docking hub that supports a bluetooth mouse and keyboard, plus a monitor and external storage. The pad also charges the device. It couples to the Surface Watch ( full fitness tracking, notifications ) and the Surface Earbud ( with built in mic ). Grab the Solution off the pad, and go anywhere, or lay it on the pad for instant connectivity and use it as a workstation. It also has support for a 128 GB mini sim card.
So...the Surface Phone? Except the Surface Phone could run x86 programs, making it a PC in your pocket that you could easily dock at a workstation to turn it into a full fledged PC. With the cancelled MS Band and overpriced earbuds that even MS doesn't have the arrogance to market? I feel like whatever they're going to do it's going to be something unexpected, which is something I never expected to say.
For UWP to work it requires all 4 pillars of the ecosystem to be in place and with little in the way of truly brilliant mobile harware on offer MS are risking it all here. Potentially we could see the whole consumer side dragged down by the half arsed Mobile 'Strategy'.
I really get the feeling that Nadella never wanted the Nokia based part of the business to succeed and proceeded to kill it almost as soon as Ballmer left the building. We all know he voted against the acquisition. It all smacks of the accusation of divisional infighting and politics that has plauged MS for decades. Indeed I'd wager there was a shed load of obstacles put in the way of the ex-nokia side of the business and a whole lot of favouritism displayed in favour of the Old MS side of things. Turns out that route isn't exactly bearing fruit is it, at least not at the rate I think they wanted to internally.
Well at least Microsoft has finally understood the need to manage expectations, I pretty much expect nothing from them in the foreseeable future and I expect the developer support to decline ever further. I guess I can only be pleasantly surprised now. Congrats MS I WAS all in in your ecosystem.
.
Listen: Microsoft is NOT reinventing the wheel. They didn't do it with Surface, their new laptop or all-in-one. Are these products above average? Yes. Are they market-leading? No. Are they rethinking technology? Some would say yes, others no. This is a company that copies; not conceives. At the end of the day, they're going to be a software company with some hardware; the mobile battle is just lost. This year, next year and the years to come.
?
Continuum where your phone can turn into a desktop will not save mobile. Large companies may latch onto this concept as it could save them $ from buying both desktops and phones, but consumers in large numbers won't change from Android or IOS for it. I had to switch back to Android and just bought an S7 going from a Lumia 735. Android is much more responsive and smooth then it was before. I am using lots of well made apps that simply just work, where as W10M apps crashed or would not always work as advertised. Samsung Pay is extremely convenient and a very cool feature. Microsoft Office works better and has less errors opening docs then my 735 did, anybody else see a problem there? Microsoft has the desktop market hands down, but mobile Android and IOS appear to be far superior to W10M.
I am a huge fan of Microsoft, I had two Windows Mobile phones, several desktops, and several Xbox's. Microsoft has the best gaming platform in the world. Microsoft dominates in the desktop world and I do like Windows 10 a lot. Apps are not as important on PC because, well it's a PC and that's what a browser is for. However on phones the browsers and sites don't always work well together so apps can be very beneficial. Surface is fantastic and the best laptop/mobile device out, but it's not a phone and too big to be as convenient as one. Hololens looks freaking awesome! Xbox Scorpio brings high end to consoles which is amazing. Mobile phones just aren't in Microsofts cards and that is not a bad thing. I still use all my Microsoft apps on Android! And they are fantastic!
Expecting a Lumia 735 to perform as well as a S7 is part of the problem. I've got a 950XL and I see none of the issues you report with your 735. The difference: faster processor, more memory, more storage. We all like to think Windows 10 works well in a lower end device. To some degree that is true, but there is no question that it runs so much better with on a more powerful and more featured device.
I have a 950XL, and it doesn't run as well as my ZTE Axon 7 (A midrange phone). Sadly, I'm not comparing hardware, but software. W10M is not as smooth or reliable as is Android right now.
I think its a good article although I think the last number was a 0.7% share for Windowsphone in the USA. Below 1% and you are heading for statistics that are bordering on an error anyway so the difference is in no way meaningful.
Of course Windows 10 Mobile is just Windows 10. Of course there is no mobile "division" as the build is little more than a compiler option. Once the end of the Lumia was announced only the persistent Surface Phone rumour was left for fans. However as the Surface brand moves more and more upmarket and business a mobile device, if there is one, would seem to be an aspirational business device. Consumer phones running on Windows 10 are likely to be from OEMs. Alcatel have launched one and there could be others. Lumia will stop being 97% of the Windows mobile device ecosystem over time.
On the flip side if Microsoft doesn't have a consumer mobile device in a BYOD world then the 0.7% is not likely to move much and will not have much Microsoft presence. It's all but disappeared now.
Praise indeed for the emergence of the 2 in 1 market and Surface is in a good place. In a diverse device world of tablet, mini-tablet, phablet, phone, chromebook, low end pc and all the way to gaming laptops there is room for innovation. However will it be market stealing innovation or just a new part of a more diverse ecosystem of devices. Who knows.
Most of the Windows Mobile coverage these days is decoding Microsoft's half-hearted non-specific generalised half-commitment to having a mobile OS they hope people will turn into a product. They seem to be saying that we want something in the mobile space to run with if we can find a niche in the market that we can make something out of. Having a mobile compilation of Windows 10 doesn't really cost us anything anymore because we are treading water pushing out new builds for a small number of existing devices.
All of that is OK. It's throwing a bone to the people who spent a few hundred dollars or, in my case, pounds on a product. It's supported for the moment and there maybe some ultra high price Surface branded mobile something next year to sell into corporations that justifies doing updates to the current generation of devices. Don't expect anything and you wont be disappointed.
"Microsoft will not make any old smartphone, add in Continuum, and call it a "Surface phone." "
We'll see. Would not be _that_ surprised if they - essiantially - did in the end. :)
"Case in point, look at the Surface Pro (vision of a two-in-one), Surface Book (a new take on the laptop), Surface Studio (a new take on the all-in-one), and even HoloLens (holographic computing). Consumers were demanding none of those things.. The greatest feat the Surface team has accomplished is consistently making devices you did not know you wanted."
Hmm, ok, well.. with the exception of Hololens - which is not really out anyway - and the Studio puck control thingie, none of those really are that unique/revolutionary and I think many people did want - for years - a Windows tablet/two in one that can actualy do what Windows does (Surface Pro). Surface Book so far seems mostly a design study and in need of couple of rounds of refinement; we'll see if it has legs to last. One _could_ argue Surface Studio is "just" an AIO that is better targeted than most AIOs. Yes, in some ways MS has managed to take a page from The Book of Jobb of Refining and Calling it Revolutionary, which is great. :) Don't get me wrong, the Surface theam IS churning out good and even great products, which is very hard to do consistently.
" It will be mobile, it will make calls, it will have a data connection, and run on ARM."
Or maybe on _an_ arm. We'll see where Band 3 will re-Surface. :P
People dont care about VR or Inking, they care about looking at cute puppies, and poo dee pie videos on you tube, Vines, the Chive, Twitter, and Facebook.
Much appreciated. Also, they already have redefined Mobile as the Mobility of Experiences and are delivering on it. Why should they be the first with some 3-in-1, HP and Alcatel are doing great. I feel it wouldn't be bad to drop the Mobile distinction too. It has nothing to do with mobilty, but with ARM and cellular connectivity. UWP is all about mobility of experience for users and developers alike.
I'd honestly just like to see the next device come out with support for Verizon Wireless. I switched to T-Mobile for the Lumia 950XL. As a carrier... its... bearable... but coverage is not what I'd like from my phone unfortunately.
Re: aka pjhenry1216,
Thank you for the partial information. Where? Everyone needs to know how the service of T-Mobile is, but the information is useless if you don't explain the coverage area you think is poor.
try Cricket!
I use quite a few MS apps on my ipad AND android phone. Perhaps thats the future of mobile for MS.
Re: aka "lower_tech",
Don't you miss lively, informative live tiles?
You know, I've been using Microsoft products for years and have been a staunch defender of their initiatives time and time again but I think that I've reached my limit. I'm really tired of seeing people defend these guys every time they screw something up.
The fact that they screw up in such ridiculously obvious ways has eroded my confidence in the company as a whole. The Xbox debacle, WP, W8, W10 and the list goes on, not to mention that atrocity that is Microsoft Edge.
I'm glad that the surface products are doing well, but I (like many others) was hoping that they would drop a phone, especially since this would have been the best time as the stars have seemingly aligned and both Apple and Samsung have taken a hit in some fashion. But nope, nothing to get excited about here.
I cant help but feel frustrated and betrayed by MS, especially since there are multiple WP's in my household that are fast becoming fancy paperweights.
i use mine as a spotify or groove and easily attached to a speaker or bluetooth in every room so it acts as an entertainment media.
The vast majority of defenders are newcomers. Most of the OG posters on this site have long moved on. Most of the defenders don't know that MS killed off WP7 in 2012, moving on from all WP7 devices (WP8 apps were not backward compatible with WP7 devices). MS killed off WP8.X in 2015, moving on from most WP8 devices (Again W10M apps were not backward compatible with WP8 devices). Let me put this in perspective. The Samsung Galaxy S3 and Lumia 900 were both flagship devices, released a few months apart. The 900 was killed off within 7 months, with no compatibility with current apps produced for the Windows Phone Store in Q4 2012. The Galaxy S3 got updated to Kitkat, and users could even put Lollipop roms on it. I don't currently have one, but I bet it can still run the most current version of MS Mobile Office, Skype, and Outlook. The 900 can't, and even the 950XL still runs Skype preview. Microsoft left the building and turned on the lights. Until the bouncer kicks everyone out, there will always be stragglers waiting for the band to come back on stage.
I can't wait to see what's coming out in the near future. I love my 640 XL but would like to get into something a little newer and with more support for features. I like the new Dell device but want to see what else is in the works.
No matter what they come up with, it will still have trouble finding an audience unless it runs Snapchat or something equally appealing to young people. Hell it's so important that it should be MS' no. 1 aquisition target.
Continuum... that actually works ==>
Surface Connect or Surface Mobile maybe? What do u think? Also what happened to Ms home hub?
About the App Gap from a ebook Readers point of view
You can always read your Kindle EBooks with the Kindle Cloud reader even if you dont have or like the Kindle App
In Germany for Example lesen.amazon.de
If You have App Problems use the Webapp
Great if you have internet access. People forget that the internet isn't everywhere, all the time, fast, consistent, and cheap.
Hello Daniel your articles are so optimistic your articles make my day even if I read articles with a negative if I get to read one of your writings I am in a good mood about Windows phone
The good news is there may be a Surface smart phone coming to the market place. It will probaly have an arms CPU and do much the same things the HP Eite X3 does with Continuum. The qusetion is will Microsoft stick to it's guns and just target it to be sold to Enterprise business customers, USA Government, State, and City government institutions ect, The Redstone 2 updates will make it look like and run like a pocket PC. microsoft will alaso sell it too Windows smart phone fans/user update smart phone
The way the article reads, it sounds like a 'phablet'. Some have said MS have minimalist presence in advertising for the surface. They are all over the place in the UK! The MS cloud is pushed hard as well. Even HP Enterprise is being aired heavily. Lots of shiny gadgets but no recognised the x3 in any of them.
With MS pushing anything Surface / cloud and W10 on Dell, HP etc, it makes you wonder why there isn't a mobile device shown in the ads with regards to the 'one os for all'. IMHO, they want people to 'forget' the old, ridiculed disaster of WP, to promote a new 'idea' or type of device for a new era of 'mobile'. My only hope is that they get their collective butts in gear before Apple and Google, once again, steal their thunder! The current form factor is staid, old fashioned and has resulted in new models being just rehashes, with 'mild' enhancements to the hardware, which again , is restricted by the ability to cool and screens that hog battery. It is a sad day when an item on a device, that 99% of people use everyday, is removed to sell you something that you wouldn't need if they hadn't removed it. Curved screens were also tried to enhance the staid form. But at the end of the day, it was still a rectangular form. Another OEM sold a device with various attachments, available separately, when most other OEM's had them built in. It was still a rectangular form and, if anything, was a step back!
These are the things that MS 'HAVE' to consider when developing the "shift" in Mobile Computing etc. All the buzzwords in the world, and that's all we seem to hear lately, count for jack unless it's developed properly, advertised and add something, not just out of the park, but out of the atmosphere.
Selling delusions.
By the time MS decides to actually do something, Apple,Google,Samsung will be miles ahead...Nadella's mediocre thinking will bring ZERO gain in this for MS. Their enterprise only thinking is wrong and it will be the doom of MS!
Simply said, computers, in one form or another, have always been getting smaller, more powerful, and more capable with more features. Mobile is part of this story.
Nadella's corporate raider methods (layoffs, program cut backs, ...) boost the stock price and his income in the short term but at the expense of long term thinking.
Anyone who thinks the tiny current phone market share is set in stone, hasn't been around long enough in technology. The current phone design will change drastically. Let's see what the turn of the decade brings.
I feel excited about Microsoft's grand plan for computing and communication technology. It's no longer about eye catching devices (though the SS is beautiful!), it's all about game changing concepts behind the hardware.
MS should treasure that 1% smartphone market share.
Yes, small but valuable.
That 1% is all $30 phones like the 640, 650 and 550. That isn't a valuable market. The higher end phones didn't sell well at all. That is why Microsoft didn't make high end phones for years.
OK, so let's say this mythical device sees the light of day, what do we think it will be called?
How about just "Surface"? I think that is what I would place my money on.
It is short and simple. It places the new device squarely at the center of Microsoft's hardware strategy. It says that this is more than just a phone. It clearly signals that the Pro is for, well professionals and creatives. And of course all of the other associations at the "Surface" name itself implies.
Any other bids?
I like it. Current Surfaces aren't very innovative, merely being smaller versions of the Pro line, so it makes sense to rework it into a product more unique.
I guess I will have to do what I never really wanted. Buy an android phone, and live with it till Windows really becomes 'mobile' with all the apps and all. I trust I will still keep y current 640XL on the insider program till then just to remain abreast of the developments on windows side.
HP: Please release X3 in India soon, so that I may continue to use windows a little while longer
I guess I will have to do what I never really wanted. Buy an android phone, and live with it till Windows really becomes 'mobile' with all the apps and all. I trust I will still keep my current 640XL on the insider program till then just to remain abreast of the developments on windows side.
HP: Please release X3 in India soon, so that I may continue to use windows a little while longer
They have released in Thailand. You should check your local HP business.
Why do you need to buy another phone if your 640XL still works? If you just want to spend money and get a different phone, how about upgrading to a "better" used Lumia? Don't forget the lively Live Tiles.
To some extent "I don't buy it". I think it is unlikely that MS is going to come up with a category that will supercede a phone in anything like the short to medium term. It appears to be a combination of rationalizing some pretty poor strategizing and execution in the mobile market and simple wishful thinking. I really think MS needed to keep making first party phones for consumers. If not three a year per Nadella, then two.
At some point in the future phones will not look like the archetypal phone that we know now, but that is in a longer timeframe. Anything in the short to medium term IS going to be an iteration of the phones we have now and will be seen as such. The Surface 1/2/3/4 did not arise ex nihilo, but is an iteration of a tablet, but with a full OS.
No, MS will not be saved in the mobile segment by some Uber device that is chucked by some watery wench in a lake. No it will be perseverance rather than inane retrenchment which shockingly creates a further fall in market , loss of momentum and stagnation.
Come on MS. Release a well designed, aesthetically pleasing phone while you tilt at windmills. I hope you are successful in your "next thing" in mobile, but stay with us, your consumers in the short term.
Q'pla
Re: b23h,
Good comment. Microsoft needs to think "long term" by stepping up their short term game. Keep putting players on the field.
"The greatest feat the Surface team has accomplished is consistently making devices you did not know you wanted."
It is really exciting to see Microsoft having a take on this philosophy, and applying in a much more courageous way that the company that made it the company it is today (can you guess which company I'm talking about?).
Good
Sorry, I have zero confidence that MS knows what they are doing here or even why.
"Better than iPhone, better than Galaxy."
Love that slogan.
.
One thing that I noticed about this article is that it made my imagination run wild. It made me rethink what is mobile. The new categories that Microsoft and Windows have created have been multi-use hardware. I don't expect the new mobile device category to be any different.
How about an ARM based mobile device that can dock with an Intel docking station? Seamless file connectivity between the two devices. All the files stay on the mobile device but have a Continuum style interface like the current phones. I just can't seem to give up on x86 availability. I'm glad the future of Windows Mobile isn't relying on my imagination.
X86 may be "old", but I think it is a mistake to think it is going away anytime soon. "Creators" use it!
We really need more "creators".
I don't much care for what Microsoft calls it. 3 in 1 or otherwise. If its portable, like fits in my pocket portable, makes calls, and has UWP, then I'm happy.
I guess ultimately what I want to know is should I really keep investing my time and energy in Windows Mobile? I have a 950 XL and am really starting to like to HP Elite X3, and I'm not too concerned about any rumored surface phone, just tell me that I'm not wasting my time and I'll buy on payday.
I get the app gap is real, bit I've learned to work around it.
As long as HP is in the game, MS is in the game I believe. And HP is selling the X3 to businesses with 4 years contract I heard.
I get this is a device intended for business use, but I like it for a personal phone. Just so much negative talk about the decline in support for Windows Mobile that shelling out $800 for it almost seems like rolling the dice on it. IMO
Support for Windows mobile will be developed for 3rd party devices like X3; and for strategic new 1st party device.
As long as they continue Win10, there is no need to abandon W10M. This is the new paradigm of OneCore.
First solid argument pro W10 mobile I've heard in a long time. Thanks.
Again, I continue to give Nadella props for calling out Balmer's flat feet when it comes to mobile. No way should MS be watching mobile happen like some reality show. Balmer could be so bothered with it. We begged and we got this pacifier called "Kin". Its time somebody spoke to this. Thanks Nadella. In the words of Vinny Gambini, "your honor, the defense rests."
"I do not think any of that is a coincidence. Nadella recently made headlines for stating what everyone has known for years: Microsoft "clearly missed" the smartphone category."
Umm, cellular connectivity is something MS could just add at any time to all of their Surface devices? They don't need phones just to have devices with cellular. To date, they've only put cellular in Surface 2 and Surface 3, and none of the Pro or Book devices, which I would find really desirable personally...
So it sounds like Windows Mobile is basically dead for feature updates. They will just be updating it in order to keep ARM and LTE support in Windows for future non-phone devices? Doesn't sound like current phones owners have much to look forward to.
Read the article again.
Yup. Specifically mentions that ARM and cellular are the only valuable part of mobile. I wouldn't expect much in the way of feature updates going forward, especially for phones. You notice they didn't mention any feature updates for Windows 10 Mobile during the announcement of the Creator's Update. It was supposed to be mobile focused and yet they didn't even mention mobile once. There probably won't be much new for W10M until early 2018 and that is only if they find a niche for Surface Mobile. Otherwise, Windows 10 Mobile is basically dead. It is just a placeholder for whatever Microsoft may choose to do in the future.
One can't help but wonder if the device does not progress to a 4" screen less slab 5mm thick (battery, processor, mic and speaker for private chat) that wirelessly docks when in range of a screen for continuum. While mobile use it wirelessly docks to a set of stylish AR glasses. The ingredients are all there.
All that I nice but still what will users be able to do with the device? When will more apps come to the ecosystem? Will apps even be necessary with the new device? And how long does Microsoft realistically expect those poor loyal fans to stick around and make the experience live up to the competition?
OK. Windows phones are dead. But Windows cars or Windows refrigerators will be alive someday.
Trump's voice: WRONG!
A clearly stated argument for dumping Windows Phone.
Maybe someday it might morph into something that might be included in some new category of gadget, but in the meantime, Satya is leaving us all twisting in the wind.
Ok. I'm trying to digest this. It's still not clear to me. The Hillary Clinton email saga is more clear to me than MS Mobile strategy. Here's my thing : Are making a smartphone? MS yes or no. This ARM and cellular connectivity bullshit could be done for a tablet. Nadella killed Mobile when it reached it's highest point...smh. So anyway, I'll play along: Ask someone at MS if they are making a device that I can carry in my pocket, be able to make and receive calls on it, have apps? They can call this device whatever the hell they want to call it. That's what people want to know.
Yes
I think that we have already seen a prototype of the next mobile from Microsoft. Cast your minds back and think of that lovely fold open phone/tablet that was cancelled. Now cast your minds forward to a 5" device that either slides or hinges open to a seamless double display. The 5" mode allows use as a phine or "docked" continueam device, while the fully open mode gives you a tablet. There may even be a stylus in there somewhere. I think that the technology is almost there to do this in a slim and light device.
I've often thought that Courier with a small, dockable/detachable phone only handset that was closely paired with Courier, but yet could still make calls independently as well, would be an interesting package.
How small could a phone only handset be made?
F*ck me, this was good!! I'm so thrilled to see what will come to fruition from all of this!!
Cool.. At first it kinda cloudy considering how we want to hear that they are indeed gonna launch another "smartphone"..but the Surface team really is special. They create category devices... I am now convinced that Microsoft Mobile isn't just about phone...
that actually got me excited, even though I know there's nothing else that can be done, this is just what I wanted to hear, a NEW thing coming out, a brand new kind of thing in tech, just like VR and hololens, so far the surface team can deliver such things, so I'm very excited to see what's next, and hopefully it can replace my phone :P
~6.5", 3x2 tablet with cellular and active stylus. Spring 2018 release. Will be very similar to desktop Windows but no x86 support. That is my best guess.
that small?
It's going to be HUUUUUUUGE!!
I think the problem is not Microsoft making great devices. The problem is Microsoft itself or rather their reputation. Microsoft will always be associated with antitrust, monopoly, Embrace-Extend-Extinguish, and boring business stuff. The're not Apple or Google which each are considered "cool" by everyone else.
what people needs from Microsoft is not another phone but a small computer in your pocket, something that can run full windows on a 5.5 or 6 inch screen, full phone capabilities but not be defined as a phone at all. Something similar to a small tablet with cell technology. Add in continiuum, gaming, ink related apps, all the things that make a small surface tablet in the palm of your hand special.
Absolutely Windows 10 Mobile & Universal Apps
So what is the conclusion here? is surface phone coming or not?
I live in Finland, Espoo, the same city where the Microsoft Mobile Oy is.
It's coming - just do not hold your breath
Actually, I've been saying that since they launched the Surface. ;)
And had been saying the same thing for nearly 15 years since I used my first Wacom tablet in school.
It's so funny how the creative industries are huge massive market chunks that affect literally everyone's lives with the things they design and create and yet they're almost universally dismissed as niche and a non-existent market. And yet here we are, making amazing things, taking up about 4% of all businesses in the US and continuing to be one of the largest growing industries for years now, bringing in over £70B a year in the UK alone. ;)
Surface Studio, tbh, isn't all that revolutionary. Microsoft simply found a gap in the market that for some reason no one takes notice of other than Wacom (and they, like Apple, only do the bare minimum with each new product - the Cintiq line has barely changed since it started almost 15 years ago) and built the perfect product for that market.
The Dial, while still very cool - is also an extension of existing tech. And Wacom have been using something similar in their graphics tablets for almost a decade. But Dial takes it to the next level with screen integration and OS level integration.
Not to say I'm not drooling at the thought of the Studio. It is literally my dream PC - I've wanted a device like this for half my life. But outside of the technology inside being bleeding edge - the main way it's revolutionary is that it's actually been made instead of only existing inside the minds of creative professionals the world over - and that it's influential enough in the media to garner mainstream attention.
As for Windows 10 Mobile. I'm excited to see what they do, I genuinely have no idea what they could be working on but hopefully it'll turn up in the next year and blow us all away. At the very least I just want pen input and some UWP versions of major apps like Sketchbook Pro and Clip Studio Paint along the way. But it has to do more than ape the Galaxy Note - which already does the phone-as-sketchpad pretty well.
It's definitely a long game, and Microsoft needs to play it well. It's getting a lot of good press with the Suface line, but Windows 10 has had a fair few misfires. Thankfully no one really even acknowledges Windows 10 Mobile exists in mainstream media so when they do return to market it'll be treated like a whole new thing. And hopefully Windows 10 will have smoothed out it's various issues so people are more excited to try it on a mobile device. Especially if it has some other killer feature...
And I just want an firmware release that makes my L950 runs cooler... and also not so hot when charging. It´s very uncomfortable, especially when I have to answer an call while it charges. I'm not asking much ... just a fix for my mobile microwave.
Why I believe Surface Phone & W10 Mobile are DOA for consumers:
No Google apps. That alone is a deal-breaker for the entire market that are on iOS/Android. Those are the most common apps.
You're gonna get 100s of thumbs down for this comment and Rubino's gonna give you a Whoopin! You should already know that wp boys don't care about apps because they can just use edge browser.
You have more Control over WebApps than Apps
Who uses google apps? Nothing google even appears on my PC. The endless fantasy that the world can't work without google apps.
I count at least 10 Google apps in the top 100 iPhone apps. I don't see any Microsoft apps other than Skype. Even Office doesn't register while Google Docs does! Seems like no one uses or needs Microsoft apps.
Indeed, that's why most people ended up on windows phone: The desire to get away from Google and their data mining/ targeted advertising.
personally i think they should have ketp releasing a flagship lumia phone, premium ofc not the 950 which to many of us was disapointing in design and feel. Im now personally more disapointed cause there was no offering for me or even developers to stick with. I couldnt care less about holo teck or vr not till headsets become like glasses, what i do care about now is becoming part of one eco system, i wanted that to be windows but no mobile means ill be forced onto their competitors, probably android. If androdi or apple focus on desktop gameing ill do something i never though id do in the last 20 years, id move to them. Itrs only gaming that keeps me here on windows desktop with skype preview that sometimes works and sometimes doesnt lol, thats kinda like alot of things in windows 10 deskop currently.
Everyone keeps going on and on about 1%. What does that mean? 1 million devices? 100 devices? 1 device? Percentage is a completely useless measure unless a upper limit is known. One percent of a dollar is a penny. One percent of a billion dollars is... do the math. Would you like 1% of a billion? So last I heard there are over 2 billion smartphones in use... 1% of 2 billion is.... not to shabby thank you.
There are ~330 million smartphones sold each quarter. 1% is rounding up. Microsoft has been capturing about 0.6% of the market. That means they sold ~2 million phones last quarter. It doesn't sound bad, until you realize Android is moving 300 million. 2 million is nothing, especially for a large company like Microsoft.
Just look at Verizon, ATT, Sprint, or T-Mobile's web site. Do you see a windows phone? They are effectivly selling ZERO handsets where it matters in the US.
Only when following scenarios happens, windows 10 on mobile will be successful.
1. All app interactions are replaced by Bot interaction model. Something like Skype bot talks to some banking (third party) bot for depositing checks or making some other transaction. Cortana talking to Yelp bot to get the information and display it to you in its own format.
2. All Xbox games are compatible with Windows 10 mobile platform device (no phone).
May be my wishful thinking :)
apps is a big issue paypal leaving was ther last straw for me, but i dont have a bank santander app, i dont have here maps and microsft maps is not a suitable substitute currently. I miss paypal, you tube official app and i loved metro tube and tube cast but googles offering is just better and reliable even with adverts. Then you also have gestures beta still missing from windows 10 even after 2 years. All these apps are just the tip. When you search google maps for a place then can click to street view and people recognice the place, you begin to see the gaps in maps with microsft..Gaming is a hugew and posibly the bigest deficit on mobile but you know what, a hand full of mobile game sis enough for me as i cant exactly play bf1 on my mobile and personally 5.5 ich wouldnt do it for me. My favorite mobiel experience is 8.1 mobile and 10 in second if it wasnt for the hamburger menu but theres only so much time and so many apps im willing to do without and well add a phone that cant even do wireless mobile payments like my s7 edge can its very easy to understand why micrsofts mobile helping has fallen into none existance consumer wise. Hell i couldnt recomend windows mobile not for 2 years now even if it is the best. Micrsoft dont even suport their own app gestures on windows 10 a even though on the app store it says it works on windows 10. What a load of tripe. it never has, not on my 930 or my 830.
Use the respective Webapp
No matter, I have faith in MS and will keep using my 950 till they show the next innovation. If the Surface, Surface Book, and Surface Studio show anything, it is that transitioning the responsibility for any future design to the Surface group was a smart move. The 950 is a great phone and it does everything I need for my daily mobile life.
do you wirelessly pay on the 950 now or is it still not implimented?
Yes, if I use my BoA card I can use it, but then again, that isn't a huge selling point for me.
The 950 is a bargain and soon sold out
Just because MS wants to try to create new product categories and/or shift paradigms doesn't mean it'll actually happen. You can't create so-called mindshare out of nothing: You have to build on something that already exists.
MS is changing mindshare with Surface brand. You can see that by the response of MS event vs Apple event.
ok then i will enjoy what ever in the market until we see what they are going to release.
I don't understand why they won't put out at least one refreshed flagship per year, though. Even just a 960 update with the same camera, 820 processor, and slightly better battery life and exterior aesthetics.
Even if it runs at a tiny loss for the company, surely keeping a foot in the mobile space is worth it? Every product cycle that passes without a hardware refresh sees more people leaving the "burning platform" and getting snatched up in the web of Google or Apple services.
i totaslly agree, they should have released at least 1 flagship a year, maybe then payp[al would not have left, and if they made it a premium metalic phone id have probably stayed. I cant believe someone down voted you cause what you said was so true. Hewll do people think paypal would have left if microsfts mobile platform hung on with 3%
Acer, Alcatel, HP, NuAns, ... pick yours.
The only one clsoe to flagship status is the X3, and it is 1. WAY too expensive and 2. not designed for "prosumers" given the Continuum focus and weak camera.
OK, just looked up the Alcatel. It's got nice stats, but we'll see how it performs once hardware gets reviewed.
They could have done this prior to the 950. They needed to have a 926, 929, 1521 that would have kept all the contract Verizon and ATT customers in the ecosystem. Instead they canceled mclaren and did nothing. Flushed most of their users down the drain right there.
Nadella May be has a psychological Problem beeing third Best?
I would use a smartphone that had amazing battery life that looked like something from the early 2000s
I just wish if we get that Windows 10 ARM version... Maybe resurrect the old Surface RT? Or something similar. I really loved my RT.
Those are some interesting quotes. It makes one think. I don't think they can get away from the Smartphone classification though. If it has cellular connectivity and it runs an ARM processor, it will inevitably be called a smartphone and compared to the iPhone and Galaxy by the media. I don't really care what they call it, as long as it still fits in my pocket.
Surface Phone = 3 in 1... Phone, Tablet, Laptop/Desktop. I can easily see Microsoft make a Surface Dock (like NextDock) for the Surface Phone.
I just wish I can live up to a day when I can see such a beautiful ad like Studio or Surface has for a phone from MS.
At this point, I could care less what they want to call it. I just want new Windows 10 devices.
I sort of have the feeling Microsoft wants to make a mobile game console. They have leverage there with the Xbox and pc gaming that Google and Apple don't have. If they could make a device that gamers want to have and that happens to make phone calls too (because cellular connectivty over 4G is good enough for some games when there is no or only slow wi-fi) The Windows store is a good platform for selling games and with UWP it should be easier to make a mobile version or companion to flagship PC and Xbox games. The mobile version of Fifa 15 might be testing the waters a bit together with EA. It's a huge game, but because it's football it's a bit outside of view of the American tech press.
Only problem: Nintendo seems to have had the same idea with the Switch.
They should have given us at least one windows 10 mobile flagship a year, even if it is will not sell in millions
Like: HP Elite x3, Alcatel Idol 4S for Windows, Acer Jade Primo, NuAns Neo (& Neo 2 coming?), ...
Not a single one of those is made by Microsoft and none are guaranteed software updates. They may be abandoned in 6 months or less. 3rd party Windows phones are not know for software updates. It isn't a surprise when you take sales numbers of 3rd party devices. Why bother updating a phone you only sold a few thousand of?
I'd argue that none of those listed can stand shoulder to shoulder with the Best Android phones. With W10m OEM phones there's always a week element to the hardware, whether that's screen, SOC, IP rating, Camera etc. Give me a GS7 running w10m and you're talking.
Think of...an LTE-enabled Microsoft wearable. Everything else just becomes a Wi-Fi-enabled PC, in whatever form factor you need at that moment...
Daniel,
Thanks for the article... this was the right time to hear this.
Now we wait for the right time for when the Surface team decide "it" is ready.
I presume 1% is still pretty big in terms of raw numbers...?
Well yeah considering out of a couple of billion... would love to have that market reach thanks.
A Continuum device that connects to a 4K TV, I'll pay $1,000 for the mobile device and base station and put my iPhone on eBay.
not enough real CPU+GPU power until the Snapdragon 830 comes along.
Microsoft need to AT LEAST keep manufacturing a couple of basic Windows phones. e.g. a L650 and 950. In New Zealand it is hard to even see Windows phones in advertising any more, and this just put them outside people's sights and minds.
What does it really cost them to release an improved L650 once per year?
If I am forced to leave the Windows Mobile platform, then I will have little reason to stay with Windows at all, since for me this is a package deal.
im in the same boat as you. I want to stay and be in the windows eco system but no viable windows mobile phone will mean leaving the windows family includeing desktop. Hell if mac or android was as big in gameing on desktops id have gone already.
Why not just the Idol 4S for Windows?
I find the idea of this article, category creation, an intriguing one and agree with it for the most part. Surface Pro, Surface Book, Surface Studio, hell even the original Surface Table are all devices that brought something new to each area.
What I disagree with is the smartphone portion. We all know MS can't compete head to head with the iPhone 7, Galaxy and Pixel/XL BUT ceding ground in the name of taking your time and being innovated when you really don't have the cache to do so seems wrong. I understand it's damn if you do (lose money releasing a 960/XL) damn if you don't (release anything and lose mindshare) but there are people like me who really just want a new device and aren't really interested in waiting 2/3 years for innovation to hit.
I'm sure when whatever their idea of a Surface Phone is debuted, I'll want it, until then, I'm really thinking about moving to the Pixel XL because there's no upgrade path for me for the foreseeable future.
Alcatel Idol 4S for Windows is coming - just for you, :-)
Ha. I don't know if I trust Alcatel and it's T-Mobile only.
Elite x3??
That's not really an upgrade path for consumers. It's a nice phone though.
I'm having the exact same feeling but I don't want to get something literally from Google, I still find them an evil corporation and want to give them as little money as possible. I'll probably get some Samsung phone and load it with Cyanogenmod if that's still a thing (Haven't been keeping up with Android for many years now so I really don't know what's available right now). App gap has never been a problem for me until it was announced that Amazon will remove the Kindle app from the store, and that's got me pushing towards Android unfortunately.
Use Amazons Cloud Reader in your Browser - if there is no App use the Webapp.
No need to change the OS.
I want a Surface Mini with cellular connectivity
okay.... how about a 3rd patry device?
a great Microsoft insider indicates there may be a Microsoft Windows 10 mobie smart phone coming after all. This not a shock to me because Microsoft has sold a large number of smart phones to the New york Police department and it is Microsoft's statements that the next line of new Windows smart phones will be targeted to be sold to Enterprise customers,US Govement, State, and City instututions. it appears that Microsoft will sell the Surface smart phones to Windows smart phone fans & average persons but Microsoft intends to make Windows 10 Mobile smart phones a niche product to sell to businesses.
Niche for business is another way of saying, our surface phone might not sell many so well downlplay it and hope for the best. Truth is everything micrsoft has done since 2015 has caused their developers to take away apps and their customers to leave windows mobile. Surface will not save micrsoft when it comes to mobile. Releasing updated and full featured software at the same time of before the competition does would but 2 years and still their own gestures app is not suported by windows mobile 1-0. and touch setting only has the mute function. This is not a sign of a good modern software company. I see micrsoft now as a hardware company that is laging in the software department. Hell on my desktop its a daily battle if sktpe operates the same way every time. Sometimes my pc doesnt ring, sometimes it does. Sometimes it messes my camera settings and sometimes it just sucks. Again gestures now skype preview are not making the case for micrsoft. They have serious software issues and i dont think they know how to fix them.
its funny but if microsft had released a yearly lumia flagship and i mean premium not the 950, and they suported all the features windows 8.1 mobile had like facebook intergration and gestures beta and had a working wireless payment mobile offering like android pay, i propably would have stayed even when paypal left but they cant even do that. Hell threatning to take away your last few million users mobile free storage is not gona win over the fans either.
Have kept my L925 alive for over 3 years now not least because it's the best phone I've ever had, but also in the hope that a suitable W10 successor would emerge. Went into EE store this afternoon (UK) - only one Lumia device on display (650). However, still prepared to persevere with the OS as I don't care about the app gap - after all, apps be a thing of the past in the near future. Hanging in there and really don't want to make the change to Android/Ios.
Buy the Idol 4S for Windows.
Is windows available? link you shared listed
OS
I was you, I now have a Galaxy S6 Edge + and I've not looked back.
He doesn't want to restart but doesn't realize that's exactly what they'll have to do anyway. If this next thing doesn't happen quickly we'll be left with an ARM platform with no apps. Good luck in launching a new device category without apps. It will just be Windows Phone repeated all over.
I think by restart he means a platform reset. Sticking with W10 avoids this problem down the road.
Well the good news here is, UWP. The app model will not change and hence everything working on Windows 10 UWP will still work. The only thing that will change is the form factor / input / output etc. However, by the time it gets released you are pretty much spot on with the fact that we are likely to lose even more big name apps unless those big name apps actually embraced UWP at least for desktop.
And hopefully in the next 24 months (or whatever the lay-low time period ends up being) the platform can mature and get a whole lot more feature-rich and robust than 7 or 8/8.1 had time for. One wonders if a big reason for the lack of UWP uptake is the current state of the platform's APIs. Just conjecture.
Hmmm, maybe...just maybe Nadella had us all fooled. His strategy just might be working afterall
If the 950s were the last two traditional smartphones made for the fans its a shame they didn't nail the design. Hardware its great and until now I've been fairly happy with mine. I think they should still be releasing phones until the next big thing. Stay in the market and keep the pressure on OEMs to make phones for the market. For me this actually makes me want to switch as its just not moving quick enough. I've been a windows phone user since 8.1 and bared with it hoping apps would come and we would see growth. Well that's come and gone. It's a shame they couldn't keep market share at least for now.
exactly.
Here since 8.1!!
so you should know how those of us here since 6.5 tp2's feel
Agreed. They could have helped the 950/950xl a lot if they had included a voucher for a Mozo cover.
I recall hearing that the Surface Studio took four years of development. How long as the Surface team been in charge of Mobile? One year? Perhaps they require more time but the others in this field are not standing still thought it does seem that Microsoft is more innovative now.
Their cancelling the Microsft Band is quizical as well. I imagine it was due to being plagued with tearing straps and battery failures. I also recall some statements on their intent to license the design for others to offer but apparently there were no takers. What is the future of Microsoft Health?
I am losing confidence on Microsoft as a hardware provider
I was told 2-3 years mostly because of the display. Even Yoga Book, which was originally just an Android project, took over two years.
True, but others do not have a unified OS, yet they do have a problem with a bifurcated one. Apple needs to address MacOS vs iOS. Android needs to reconcile Android with Chrome. Both need to get beyond mobile onto other devices.
Microsoft is well positioned on the desktop
they are well positioned in cloud - gaining on Amazon and likely overtaking them.
Apple and Google are splitting mobile.
Google only just now moving to cloud (other than Google Apps).
Apple has a desktop presence but it is ho hum.
The future looks more promosing for Microsoft than google and apple
Microsoft only just now moving to desktop (other than Windows).
i know in last years keynot they made a referance to 2 years to make a new device and i felt that was aimed at mobile so guessing 2017-2018 at latest, still they should have kept releasing a flagship phone each year and tried to maintain their fan base.
Amazing read. I was just thinking about this last night. What if MS is really gearing towards a type of device where computing, functionality, and ease of use were placed above making calls. A type of device where they say, oh ya, by the way it can also make calls. Interesting.
It's funny because some of us were discussing that's how the ad would go down. You show all this great computing stuff, inking, maybe something 3D and then as the camera pulls away it rings.
Nadella imitating an anti-Trump: "You're hired!"
That would be the brilliant Surface Book moment when the screen detached, they tried to do that with the Surface Studio too but it was far less impressive but totally appreciated anyway! Though I still disagree with one thing adamantly, x86 on mobile is not a dead end and though ARM is a big part of the future and UWP is definitely the way forward for windows development, x86 isn't going anywhere for a very long time and if the battery issue can be resolved or worked around then there are huge benefits to an x86 mobile device that happens to make calls too.
That's what Samsung did with the Note5 commercial featuring Nao.
Do people still read what Mary Jo Foley has to say about W10M? :-/
The sister of the Beverly Hill's cop?
Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe.
Although I get the point of Daniel, it was a shame that we didn't see a very last Lumia while working in that new category of device. I'm about to change my 3.5 years Lumia 920 due to battery problems, and I feel being left out without many options if I would like to stay with Windows on mobile; here in Mexico there's only one carrier, out of three (not AT&T), who offers Lumia and by this time the only models are the 650 and 950 XL. I would like to know what Microsoft think of those of us who are really committed with Windows "Phone".
I don't disagree. In fact, we can all agree that, ahem "mistakes were made" when it comes to Mobile for Microsoft. Not a mistake, but like dozens. That and let's be honest, Google and Apple made some compelling products.
Then again, sometimes we see great innovation from companies who have their back against the wall. Microsoft can do one thing that Google and Apple can't do right now: take a risk.
All the negativity comments here seems to be sucking the energy off the write up. I understand what Daniel is saying and MS is just so incredible. I'll keep me fingers crossed here. I'll stick with MS all the way up!
These articles are so full of horse xrapp
But compared to your rebuttal it's the best argument yet.
What Microsoft is doing right now with mobile is the ground work for their comeback, I believe that they don't think their one core is complete enough to introduce Windows mobile on a scale that would warrant advertising, which Im sure they'll do when they reach their goal. We are helping them to reach their goal by utilizing the insider builds. As is right now, all mobile phones regarding their capabilities have plateaued. I think Microsoft wants to avoid the similar bland features of the same thing as the other phones out there.
I understand the pull back from the "consumer" market in mobile, but what I don't understand is the lack of support of the platform from an apps perspective. They say they want their OEMs to jump in and take the mobile market and you have HP and a few others looking to towards Enterprise, but unless Microsoft starts to embrace their own dev tools, UWP/Xamarin to build true cross-platform apps, there will never be a reason for even the Enterprise to embrace a Windows mobile device.
Case in point, Flow. It is an Enterprise level service but only released on iOS and Android. Why does MS not build their apps using their own tools like Xamarin especially for apps that don't really need "native" code and release on all 3 platforms?
Devices like the HP Elite X3 don't have a chance in Enterprise unless Microsoft starts to support mobile for at least their own Enterprise level services.
That said, would be interesting to see where they go with all this, if anywhere.
Agree for the most part but from what I understand often this happens because MS buys the tech through aquisitions where apps are either already released or nearly done and its quicker to market to just continue with it. But for me even with that being the case I still think MS does need to fully embrace Xamarin and make all apps and services cross platform with feature parity and release dates within the same month, Windows should always be first as a matter of principal but I wouldn't be so butthurt if it was at least within a month.
This is what I wrote on mspoweruser two months ago:
Agreed its totally possible and really ends up just being like a "local" virtualised app model like HP provides with the cloud. And imagine the cost savings for enterprise when you don't need a new handset every few years and instead can just upgrade the dock. However, I'm still hoping for an advancement in battery tech or x86 power consumption to allow a mobile device to just be full Windows 10 with cellular and the mobile UI present based on screen size. I don't want to run Visual Studio on a 5" screen ever, but I do want to run Visual Studio in Continuum on my actual "phone". When they make an ARM compatible UWP version of Visual Studio or at least Visual Studio Code then maybe I will drop this dream of creating, debugging and deploying a UWP all from my phone but until then that dream is very much alive.
Wait... you want to have a desktop that can't work without your phone plugged in it?
With all due respect, u can say there will a window 10 mobile with ARM. But u can't say x86 is not happening. We all excepted surface dial is competitor for amazon echo. But its not. So, there may be a possibility that we may see x86 windows 10 mobile
In fact, to add onto that--I think they'll avoid the "Surface RT" fiasco by letting partners release ARM Windows Mobile for the time being--then, true to their word and explicit vision, release the "Hero Phone"--the x86 Surface Phone--when it's good and ready.
Bad news. Droid ate the hero phone for lunch. Phone is dead.
It will be "a device" with connectivity and which also happens to make calls.
PagesSeparate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'THE AIGBURTH ARMS' started by Ant E, Nov 7, 2017.
Oooh matron, I thought we were in carry on mood
Neilold turning a family thread FILTHY as per usual
Yeah, good innit
and proud of it too! Agony Ant will hear about this
He should do, it's his thread
Dear Ant
I am hounded on the forum by some bozo who posts nothing but horror and about the terrible movies he likes. His taste in things is appalling. Whats worse is he now takes good clean threads and pollutes them with his smut! what can we do?
Neil, Neil the Orange Peel, Sum Prizun
AGONY ANT SAYS....
This individual sounds a total disgrace. Have you tried derailing all of his threads with amusing anecdotes about old users or things totally irrelevant to horror? That would be the best thing until this person learns to keep his ill-gotten horror obsessions to one thread.
Dear Ant,
I cannot stop derailing threads. I couldn't stop, even on this very thread. What should I do?
The king of derailers (aka Bluey/Neil Old/BigOleDummy/Billy Casper/Harry/Professor from the future)
AGONY ANT SAYS....
I would never advise ANYONE to derail threads!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PS Ice shall freeze the forum
Error Error Error
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm................................................................. did I read that correctly? Lets look again.....
Yep, plain as the nose on your face. No doubt about it. There it is right there. Could you BE any more explicit? ......
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ................................... but..... but HERE in another post on your thread you claim innocence of subterfuge !!!! No, no Mr. E we can't have prevaricators prevaricating in here .
Agony Ant has spoken
So he has ...............
^^
Baiting attempt # 23
Oh come on! Now THAT was funny and you know it!
the bloke who won't stop posting about horror films, that are usually appaling, sounds terrible, doesn't he even realise how unpopular he and they are?
errrr I don't believe you are qualified to give advice!!!!
Dear Agony Ant
What can we do? And when can we do it?
Little, Young, Smarty-Pants
AGONY ANT SAYS....
To answer question A:
Not derail threads?
To answer question B:
With immediate effect!!!
Dear Agony Ant,
I left my kids at the pool. What do?
Frank Butcher, E20
AGONY ANT SAYS....
I hate kids.
Dear Ant,
I suddenly aged by 100 years. I tried to cover it with the same hat and guitar I've had since I was in my late 20's, but nobody was fooled so I ran away from the forum. How do I be cool again?
Gloria Stitts, Bradford
AGONY ANT SAYS....
The answer is simple. Squeeze your man bits so you sing rather high-pitched, then sing about God or the ozone layer or something.
Actually sing this little number...
TUUUUUUNEE!!!!! Used to sing that in assembly.That’s a proud Walter Gottschalk of Danvers at the 1958 McLean County 4-H Club Fair. He’s posing with his grand champion gilt hog, a Spotted Poland China.
For you city slickers, “gilt” means a female pig that has not yet been bred.
Written By
Bill Kemp
Posted in Historic Photos
July 29th, 2016Six Weeks LeftPosted: May 1, 2008 Filed under: Uncategorized Comments Off on Six Weeks Left
WOW! I am constantly amazed with the creativity being demonstrated by many of you in the Graveyard exercise and the other activities. Please keep it up as it makes the classroom environment exciting and humorous. A new feature in Alice is the Custom Character Creation mode. If you go to the end of the people objects menu there is an option for he builder and she builder. Create yourself or your classmate and drop them into a world of your own making.
Please remember that when you miss a class, it is your responsibility to ask about makeup work. If you miss a quiz, an assignment, or anything else, you must see me. Here is the tentative schedule for the next few weeks:
Friday-May 2-Tech Current Event Discussion-COMPUTERS OFF!!!!!
Monday-May 5th-Continue Alice Graveyard
Tuesday-May 6th-Graveyard finishes up
Wednesday-May 7th-Tech Current Event Quiz-Start work on your own world. Remember that I am looking for as much creativity as possible. This is the time when you get to demonstrate everything you have learned through trial and error, tutorials and questions.
Thursday-May 8th-Work on your own world in Alice
Friday-May 9th-Work on your own world. After finishing, please save as I will be grading them. Then move to this link:
and complete using Flash MX 2004, found in the Macromedia folder on your computer under Start Menu, Programs. This is strictly an introductory piece.
Monday-May 12th-Last minute work on your world. Finish the head exercise in Flash MX.
Tuesday-May 13th-Animating in Flash MX 2004. We will work on this each week as we also try to touch on other programs before the end of the school year.
Wednesday-May 14th-Most of you have been working fairly hard. Surprise Technology. We may do Flash or we may do Picasa or we may do Lego. Please let me know what your preferences are.
Thursday-May 15th-Continue with above
Friday-May 16th-Continue with Above
Monday-May 19th-Plan on finishing your Sketchup Home this week. I am hoping our server is finally fixed to accomodate this.
Remember that May 26th is Memorial Day.A body of Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, Ekiti(APC) Restoration Group (ERG),has predicted doom for Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, and vowed to galvanise all resources to ensure that the party reclaimed the state from the PDP during the 2018 governorship poll.
The group equally expressed deep concern over the state of affairs in the state, under the Fayose administration, saying therewas an urgent need for the party to stand up and rescue Ekiti, in the midst of the crisis trailing the various arms of government.
Rising from its meeting of May 1, 2015 in Ado Ekiti, the ERG specifically praised Nigerians for making it difficult for the PDP to rig the outcome of the presidential race, which produced Major Gen.MuhammaduBuhari, the candidate of the APC, whom it expressed confidence in, as someone capable of turning around the country’s fortune
A statement signed by the body and made available to journalists, in Ado Ekiti, on Tuesday, disclosed that it recognised the need to urgently mobiliseresources towards strengthening the party andmotivate all party stakeholders within the party with a view to reactivating its formidable election winning machinery in the state.
The body, in a statement signed by four serving members of the House of Representatives: Hons BamideleFaparusi, BimboDaramola, IfeArowosoge and OjoOyetunde; condemned the instigation of seven members of the State House of Assembly to illegally usurp the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria under the watch of Governor AyodeleFayose.
Be First to CommentPhoto Safaris
Tanzania Wildlife Company is pleased to offer countless options for our clients who want the experience of photographing East Africa in all its beauty.
Our Lake Natron South area provides an abundance of wildlife viewing and adventure opportunities by vehicle, horseback, or on foot. Immerse yourself in the flow of plains game animals that stream across the Great Rift Valley during the wet season migration, trek to the top of Oldonyo Lengai, the Maasai’s “Mountain of God,” and view the spectacle of Lake Natron teeming with thousands of nesting Lesser Flamingos. Visit a local Maasai village and learn about the customs and daily lives of these tribal African icons.
We can also organize a custom photo safari package to any of the Northern National Parks within a day’s drive or short charter flight from Arusha such as the Ngorongoro Crater, Lake Manyara, and Serengeti, or a private get-away to any of the exotic Tanzanian islands such as Zanzibar.
Accommodations will be in our semi-permanent tented camps, fly camps, or luxury lodges. We will work with you on an individual basis to tailor each adventure to you and your family or group. Photo safaris can be arranged to coincide with the beginning or end of hunting safaris or as an individual package during the non-hunting season.
Photo Safaris Album
All photographs displayed on this site are the property of Tanzania Adventures Inc., Tanzania Wildlife Company Inc., or our clients. Copyright 2006-2009 all rights reserved and protected.
If you wish to purchase prints of any of the photos on this page, please contact Tanzania Adventures at here.Gul Men’s Vortex 3/2MM Wetsuit
Order Now: $289.95
An amazing all around summer steamer: the Gul Vortex 3/2MM Wetsuit features all the tech a true surfer requires to keep warm, keep flexible, and keep the water out: External Liquid Seams and Blindstitched internal seams, gasket wrists, X-Flex Super Stretch neoprene, an internal thermospan layer of insulation, and a UBS anti flush layer.
To finish it off, Gul installed Ykk zippers and Powertex knee pads on the Vortex 3/2 Fullsuit for protection and ease of use. (more . . .)ATV Wild Ride 3D Trailer
Renegade Kid, Creators of the popular Mutant Mudds on 3DS are bringing a new title to the eShop. ATV Wild Ride 3D feature local and online multiplayer for up to four people. The game will also have an online ranking system to show off the best wild rider. According to Renegade Kids Co-Founder Jools Watsham ATV Wild Ride should arrive on the 3DS eShop this March. Check out the new trailer below.
AdvertisementsUniversity of Central Florida biochemistry, biochemistry, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the biochemical engineering department for course registration deadlines, and petroleum engineeringasoit Community College textile engineering as an adjunct to your primary course of study.
Engineer III
3t Systems
Additionally the Systems Engineer III will be responsible for Citrix and/or Microsoft RDS user. The Systems Engineer III will also act as a subject matter..
3 days ago Project Engineer
E2 Optics
The Project Engineer is responsible for preparing and maintaining project documents and logs, and providing technical support to the Superintendent and Project....
6 days ago Process Controls Engineer (Lexington, KY)
The J. M. Smucker Company
Process Controls Engineer. BS in Electrical Engineering preferred. The Process Controls Engineer has responsibility for the design, optimization..
4 days agoDonuts!
Thanks to Ted’s free donut which made me crave for more donuts! haha.. so after work i pass by Dunkin’ Donuts at ION and bought 6 at one go.. =D Happy Moments~ YUMz! who care about the calories? (at that moment)
Disturb my little nephew when he was having dinner. I noticed that one of his front tooth has dropped off. so cute! i kept laughing at him.. lol =x
Can’t remember the 1st time my tooth dropped off but i sure remembered people laughing at me when i lost my front tooth. Now, i know why they laughed at me.. lol
I trim and dyed my hair last weekend.. i like it super gold. haha. i have that urge to cut my hair short but i can’t bear to.. =/
When I was starting out, everyone told me to get a website because it would bring in business. I followed their instructions for setting it up.
- Home page – check
- About page – check
- Services page – check
- Contact info – check
But that still didn’t do anything to grow my business. Sure, it provided some basic info to potential clients, but it was pretty useless for lead generation.
I soon realized that you can do lots of things to a website to make it more attractive to potential customers. Several years and tweaks later, I get 6-10 leads via my site each month. Even if only one of those becomes a long term client, over time, it’s enough for me to make a living doing what I love, which is writing.
Here are 7 steps to improve your website to boost its lead generation potential.
1. Understand Your Lead Gen Process
Website lead generation isn’t set it and forget it. You have to keep adjusting it as you learn more about what’s working and what’s not. There’s no magic formula or one size fits all approach. You have to customize and tweak the advice out there to suit your own business.
Map Your Conversion Paths
The first important step is to understand what actions people take before they become a lead. Analytics software can help with this by telling you where people have come from, what pages they visit when they are on your site, and where they leave.
For my business, I know that leads come from a few sources: search, social media, and referrals from previous clients. Most will check out my site at some point and there are a few key pages they will look at before they decide to get in touch. You can make it easier to visualize this information with goals and funnels in Google Analytics. Here are the steps you need to follow:
- Set up a goal in Google Analytics, such as a particular page you want people to click on. One of my goals is the contact form page because people who contact me have already decided they might want to work with me.
- Add a funnel to it by clicking the “use funnel” checkbox.
- Make a hypothesis about the pages you think will bring leads in and add them to the funnel. I predicted that potential customers would look at the home, portfolio, rates and blog pages.
- Save, and wait for the data to populate.
Here’s what my data looked like:
The screenshot above shows how many people contacted me via the website after visiting some of the key pages in the funnel. At the start, 227 people visited my home page, then 110 of them checked out my portfolio. Of those, 105 visited my rates page. Then 28 people went to my contact page and submitted a contact form. Note that at each stage, there are people directly visiting the different pages in the funnel, boosting the conversion rate.
See another example of this in action on Kissmetrics.
One reason this step is important is because it lets you see if your hypothesis about customer touch points on your site is right. And the entrance and exit information shown next to each part of the funnel shows you which pages to optimize first.
Then you can get started tackling the actual elements that bring leads in.
2. Design for Lead Generation
When people land on your website, they want to find the information they need fast. If they have to spend too long searching, they’ll leave.
So when designing for lead generation, think about:
- Loading time and mobile-friendliness, as people will leave a website if it takes more than a couple of seconds.
- General usability: If your navigation bar has recognizable labels and it’s easy for people to search, that’s a great start. Making web forms easy to complete also helps.
- Removing distractions that stop people from taking the desired action. Peter Boyle suggests following “the rule of one,” with a single focus and call to action (CTA) for each page.
The screenshot above is what my site looked like around 2011. It’s a bit embarrassing, not mobile-friendly, and includes a few distractions, like the slider on the right.
It wasn’t generating leads, so something had to change.
I’m no designer, so here’s what I did (and what you can do, too):
- Installed WordPress on my domain via a one-click process with my web host.
- Bought the Genesis framework and an appropriate child theme (which is basically a WordPress theme. Using a child theme lets you make design changes without affecting the core framework). I like Genesis because it’s SEO-friendly, mobile-friendly and easy to use. It’s also got a huge and helpful user community. But if you prefer to look elsewhere, there are lots of excellent premium themes available.
- Installed plugins for SEO (more on that in a minute) and lead generation.
Website design is always a work in progress, but today, my site looks better and is much more effective for leads.
My site today – note the large photo
3. Use the Right Photo to Inspire Trust
You know what else makes people take notice? Images. When I first launched my site, images weren’t a thing; now they are — and there are good reasons why. Images provide a lot of information in a single package. They help you look professional, knowledgeable and trustworthy. We’re pretty much obsessed with faces, especially if they look like us. That’s one of the reasons I now include my photo on the home page.
So what are your options for great images?
- Get professional photos of you and your team (that doesn’t mean they can’t be fun).
- Hire a graphic designer to create custom images and logos.
- Get a Canva for Work account and create your own branded graphics.
- Search for photos for your content on places like Pixabay or Unsplash or invest in an iStockPhoto or DepositPhotos account.
Does this woman look familiar? The “woman with headset” concept is way overdone.
A word of warning about stock photos. Some images have been used so often they are meaningless and a bit of a cliche. Avoid these. Instead, look for exciting and interesting images. Believe me, people know the difference.
This would be a better choice for an image to represent customer service.
4. Add Client-Focused Content
The next thing that turned it around for me was adding a blog to my website. Blogging is one of the best content marketing tactics and is proven to generate leads, if you do it right. Doing it right means creating content that speaks to your audience and the problems they want to solve.
For example, GrowthLab provides step-by-step guides with real-world examples for businesses and entrepreneurs. My site focused on marketers and business owners who needed good writing, help with social media, and content marketing.
One of the best ways to find out the information your clients need is to listen to what they say and the questions they ask when they email you or speak to you on the phone. For example, when I was on a call with a potential client one day, he commented on the fact that he hadn’t been able to reach me on Skype. Since others had mentioned it, I wrote a post explaining how I vet contact requests and my reasons for not keeping Skype on all the time.
You can also use client questions to update other parts of your site. For example, I would always get emails like this from potential clients:
The result was lots of back and forth emails — not the best use of anyone’s time. Which is why I added this to my site:
Now, whenever I get emails from potential clients, I receive all the information I need upfront. It works out much better for everyone.
5. Improve SEO to Help Leads Find You
Search engine optimization (SEO) is an essential part of website lead generation because it helps people to find you. That’s why every page of your website needs the right title and description. In the screenshot below, the titles are the parts in blue. These are followed by the URL of the content and the description is in grey.
The better you make the title and description, the easier it is for people who find you via search to decide to click.
That’s why the next thing I did on my site was improve the titles and descriptions. Since my site runs on WordPress, the world’s most-used content management system, I was able to improve all my titles and descriptions by installing Yoast SEO (formerly WordPress SEO). I tweaked titles and descriptions so they gave information to potential clients, and even snuck in a call to action in the home page description.
“Hire Sharon” was my homepage’s call to action.
The Yoast SEO window usually appears below the post content window in WordPress. Here’s how I edited the description for my about page.
- Pick a focus keyword phrase that my leads are likely to search for. In this case, it’s “writing content”
- Create a headline that includes the keyword phrase and reflects what the page is about
- Write a description to inform people who find the page. Remember to include the keyword phrase
Here’s what that looks like:
Once I’d made SEO tweaks for all my pages and posts, more of my content started appearing in search results. That meant more leads could find me.
6. Connect with Customers On and Off-Site
Your website is not just about collecting leads, but about forming the connections that turn visitors into leads and customers. Basically, people want to know you’re real. Most advice says that you should include an address, phone number and email address. In my experience, you don’t always have to. Just make it clear how people can get in touch. I simply have a contact form, and that’s worked well for me.
Create Opportunities to Connect
Here’s what I know: the easier it is for people to connect with you, the sooner you can start developing a relationship with them. That’s why it’s important to let people know where to find you when they’re not on your website. I’m talking about putting your social media hangouts where people can see them so they can follow you there. You should follow them, too.
Even more important, make it easy for people to give you their information. I used SumoMe to see where people were reading on my blog page and soon realized that most never saw my email signup form. When I moved it higher up the page, email signups increased.
SumoMe showed where I was losing leads.
Popups get a bad rap, especially when they get in the way of the user experience. But they work, especially if you get the timing right. So I used SumoMe to create two popups that appear after people have had time to browse and I’ve been getting regular signups.
7. Provide Social Proof
Social proof is another effective tool for getting leads. It tells the people visiting your site that other people (just like them) think you’re great. For visitors to your site, social proof is like having a group of friends tell them they’re on the right track. In the past, I’ve done this by using a Twitter widget on my page to track recent mentions. I also have a testimonials page. But the main way I provide social proof now is via a Spectoos Faceboard.
Spectoos makes it easy to add testimonials from LinkedIn to your site. Here’s how it works:
- Click “add existing testimonial” on Spectoos.
- In a separate tab, navigate to LinkedIn.
- Copy and paste LinkedIn information to fill in the form fields.
- Click “add to Faceboard” on Spectoos.
- Click the “install” button in the Spectoos sidebar to get the code or grab a plugin (I grabbed the code).
- Add it to your home page or anywhere else you think it will work for you.
Here’s what it looks like displayed:
Spectoos also gives you analytics showing how many people have seen and clicked on your Faceboard, so you will soon see if it’s working right away.
Test, Measure and Repeat
Finally, test and measure the results of everything that you have done. Use split testing to see what else you need to change about your website in order to make it a more effective lead generation tool.
I use Google Analytics, Clicky Analytics and SumoMe to keep tabs on what’s happening on my site. I’ve managed fine with just these basic tools.
With an appealing, lead-focused design, attractive content, and an understanding of both your customers and their conversion path, you can soon turn your site into a lead machine.
Check your analytics data now to see where to start.Related Posts
Share This
Country And Region Tracking
The following list reflects the number of participants I have per country/region in the world. A great start but also a long way to go! :)
[Places where I already have volunteers are bolded. If you are from a place from where we already have volunteers, please volunteer anyway as you will still bring a unique perspective to the series.]
I'm from England and am happy to do whatever you need. I'm riding my bike permanentlyThe word “silence” doesn’t actually say a lot. In Sanskrit there are lots of words for silence. “Maun” and “nishabd” are two significant words. “Maun” implies silence, meaning you don’t talk, it is an attempt to develop nishabd. “Nishabd” indicates “that which is not appear” – past the mind and body. Beyond noise does not imply lack of noise, but transcending sound.
In silence we can listen to as well as plainly see our inner discussion and then the method we speak to ourselves, we obtain to recognize our satanic forces. This is truly a blessing, as we could discover from this experience as well as determine just what thoughts we allow in our head as well as which thoughts we do not. This is effective, we truly do selected!
” We usually attempt to solve our internal disturbances by safeguarding ourselves. Genuine transformation starts when you welcome your troubles as brokers for development … Do not doubt your ability to eliminate the origin of the disturbance inside of you. It truly can vanish.”
my path to silence
4 years ago whilst taking a trip Asia, I showed up in Thailand to discover myself in a buddhist abbey on a quiet retreat. Little did I know what I was in for …
I procured previous day four, which they claim is the turning point and after that it obtains easier, yes and also no! The mosquitoes were excruciating, the warm and also moisture of southerly thailand made me feel sleepy as well as lethargic. The meditation made me rejoice, sad, angry, distressed, prone … you call it, I felt it.
My body ached, we literally slept on concrete, with a thin floor covering made of straw and then a wooden cushion. Each day was a meditation, full silence, no eye contact, nothing! As the days gone by I started to comprehend just how my mind worked as well as just how I was speaking to myself. Points came up, great deals of points turned up and afterwards they went and after that other idea would enter my mind. I noted my reactions as well as my emotions, there was nowhere to go, no place to conceal, absolutely nothing to connect to. No telephone, no chocolate, no outside diversions, no yoga. Just me, myself and then I.
embracing the silence
After 10 days of pure silence my heart was split open and I was battering operating happiness. It practically really felt unusual to speak once again. I really felt such a deep change, I can certainly state that remaining in silence has been one of one of the most improving encounters I have actually had so far.
In the silence we develop the room to observe our ideas, our mind games and impulses. The more we discover exactly how we respond the even more control we have over our actions, emotions as well as communication. When you take a breath a lot more deeply you take a breath calmness into your life. As you breathe in as well as breathe out make them long and profound. Observe the difference in your psychological and also psychological state.
the significance of silence
Being in silence takes perseverance. Enabling silence in your life is not something that happens over night, it is a regular practice, also if it is only 10 mins each day, I very advise that everyone gives themselves the gift of silence, it really could transform your life.
Silence charms to the heart, inspiring remedy for psychological destructive babble. Make good friends with the voices in your head as well as truly see and also feel the differences the silence makes in your life.
Instead of struggling to silence the mind, lax into the quiet that consists of the mind.Ok, the 1st of June has come.
It marked the commencement of my operation “Lets not be the fat sister at my brother’s wedding”.
My brother is getting married in March next year – 10 months away. It is just the motivation I need to lose a bit of weight.
I realize that this makes absolutely no difference to any of you reading (except for my Husband as the ‘nice’ food in our house is about to disappear, lucky he rarely reads my blog!) but I read somewhere that in order for weight loss to be successful you should tell people what you are doing – it makes you accountable or something??
Well it’s either tell people now what I am doing or I could start posting weekly half naked photos of myself documenting my weigh loss (umm might give that one a miss!).
I’ve downloaded the Calorie King app for my iPad to help me track my daily calories.
So, to all of you reading this is my announcement.
Wish me luck!
Today I am linking up with Essentially Jess for IBOT (I Blog on Tuesdays).
Good luck !!!!! I may join you in your weight loss journey as soon as I get off my medication !!! Not that I have a wedding to attend but if I could lose a lot of these kilos before Problogger in Sept I would be really happy !!!!
Yes, definitely not having ‘cheat’ food in the house helps heaps. That is what is making it so much easier now with A being away for 4 weeks at a time – none of the wrong foods in the house !!
Have the best day and once again, good luck !
Me
I have long been the fat sister so I totally have your back girl. You can do this, you are worth this xxx
Goodluck! I have been slowly losing weight this year too! I am the fat sister and like you I don’t want to be that anymore! You can do it!
Good luck!!!!!
Go girl – You’ve outed yourself now and you can DO IT!